Chapter One

I wonder how teachers make the school clocks run so slowly? As soon as you step through the doors you're in a parallel universe where time runs slower than Mr. Henry's drawn-out algebra lectures. Like any of us will need this outside the classroom. If we did, there would be an adult other than a math teacher who could help with homework.

There's not.

I sigh, letting my eyes travel to Stacy, queen of The Lipstick Posse. Her eyes, dark brown, but they almost look black, narrow at me and she gives me one of those wicked smiles that only someone who excels in mean-girlism can give. She mouths vamp freak at me. So original. The least she could do is muster up some creativity. Okay, so my mom believes in vampires. That's golden as far as reasons to make someone's life miserable. If I were Stacy, you can bet I'd have a better game than that.

In case you didn't catch it, my life sucks. Ha! A pun. It wasn't even on purpose either.

At the first shrill ring of the bell, I pull my familiar swoop-and-roll maneuver, jerking my backpack over my shoulder, rolling out of the chair and making a break for the door. It's not that I'm scared of The LP. Okay, that's a lie; maybe I'm just a little afraid. Who can blame me? It's not only three on one, but I have no doubt if Mom's crazy vampires-are-real fantasy were true, Stacy Cavanaugh and her death stare would be the poster child for the undead. She sucks the life out of me every day. Not that I have much of a life to suck. Wow, I rock at puns.

I squeeze my way through the students herding toward the door. Don't these people understand I'm tortured here? They should totally let me out first. I'm trying not to become a bullied teen statistic.

"Excuse me. Excuse me."

I try to wiggle my way through, but it doesn't work. Everyone else might not stoop to calling me "Vamp Freak of Karma, California", but they do enjoy the show, no matter how many reruns The LP play.

I'm halfway down the hall before I exhale a deep breath. I might have made it.

"Hey, Vamp Freak. How's your crazy mom?" They surround me like a bad Mafia movie. I keep walking. "It must be hard, living with a nutcase. Do you guys have padded walls in your house?"

It doesn't bother me. It doesn't bother me, I chant to myself. But it does. No matter what, she's still my mom and besides the one tiny-okay, maybe not so tiny--but besides the one peculiarity about her, she's completely normal.

"My mom's not crazy." I glance at her. "Oh, I think you missed a spot. Your top lip is looking a little less hooker-red than the bottom."

Tiffany stumbles. Stacy's hooker lips form an "O". Even I'm a little surprised by my comment, but a vamp freak can only take so much.

"You little bitch."

Uh-oh. She pulled out the big guns. Bitch means she's really pissed and I don't feel like being shoved into the lockers today. Three on one, remember?

I break into a run. Sad, I know, but unfortunately I don't have any super-vampire abilities where I'm able to take on The LP by myself.

I shove through the charred-brown doors leading to the back of campus. Ahead of me is a field of green. If this were a movie, I'd be frolicking through it rather than running for my life. Just beyond the field is the line of trees separating high school hell from my reprieve. I find solace in the woods. My problems feel a whole lot smaller when surrounded by towering trees.

Maybe it's because I know The LP won't follow me out here. They might get dirty or something.

"Run, freak, run!" Stacy yells as I dash through the field. How cliche. If kids are still quoting movies that came out when most of us weren't even alive, what chance do I have they'll ever lose interest in crazy Abby and her psycho mom? If I were old enough to bet, my money would go on never.

My run dies as soon as I hit the trees, settling into a nice, slow walk. A few more months. Only a few more months and I'll be out of Karma for good. I kick a branch. What kind of name is that anyway? Karma, California. Did I wrong someone in a past life? Oh! Maybe I was a vampire hunter in a past life and this is their payback. But that would take me believing in things like that.

Which I don't.

Seriously.

Maybe I especially don't want to believe because, at seventeen, I'd just been allowed out after dark. Kind of hard to fear the night monsters if you're the only teenager in the world who has to be in by the time the streetlights come on. The only reason I can swing it now is because I threatened to sneak out of the house-gasp! After nightfall. Unfortunately Mom only okays it very rarely and on prearranged, extra-special circumstances.

All thoughts of crazy moms, vampires and psycho, tormenting teens, flitter out of my head on the wind as the tiny cabin comes into view. There's only one person who has a cabin way out here and my little path leads right past it. Lucky, right?

Caleb Evans.

It's embarrassing to admit, but I remember every detail about the few conversations we've had. Every. Last. One. Pathetic, right?

The slow, lazy walk I was enjoying is over and I start speeding up. Not into a run, because I don't want to look like the freak everyone thinks I am. A girl has to save face whatever way she can.

Before I reach the dirt road in front of the tiny shack of a cabin Caleb shares with his dad, the blinds part slightly. When eyes I know are the most unique shade of green peer out, I trip. Yes, a stupid rock jumps in front of me when Caleb Evans looks out his window. Nice. My cheeks are hot.

I start walking again.

Just like those few conversations, I know every look too. And surprisingly, Caleb Evans looks at me a lot. But then, who doesn't like to stare at the vamp freak?

His gaze is scalding on me, burning me up from the outside in. Soon, I can't take it, my eyes darting to the woodsy earth beneath my feet. It doesn't last long. My eyes are drawn to him, and I can't help but seek out his green again.

He's still there. My thoughts start rapid firing at me. How did he get home so fast? Why does he stare at me? Did he ditch? Why do I like it? Where are his friends? Why can't I be one of them?

Okay, maybe not that last question, because as addictive as Caleb Evan's gorgeous green eyes and messy black hair are, his friends are a little scary. I'm pretty sure most of them will end up in prison one day. Well, except for Caleb, because he's beautiful and makes me burn inside.

God, I really am a freak!

Before losing eyesight with him, I shoot one more glance his way. And he smiles. Not a real smile, because I'm not sure his mouth really works that way, but a half one. He has me in some kind of Caleb-induced trance. Pfft, trance. It's called good looks, Abbs. But this is the first smile, so it has to mean something. I can't help but return it. As soon as I do, the curtains close and he disappears behind them.

The trance is broken. Hell, I'd probably even imagined the smile, because that is my biggest fear. Imagining things, seeing things, believing things. As normal as Mom is in so many ways, I'm scared of becoming that hidden part of her most people don't see. I'm scared of being like the crazy, vampire-obsessed woman I call Mom.

***

Out of the woods, I make it onto the street where we live. A couple minutes later, I'm closing the front door to our small, two-story house quietly, hoping to get a few minutes to myself before Mom walks in. Setting my backpack by the front door, I head straight for the kitchen. Math may be completely useless, but it works up my appetite. Or maybe it's the whole running like a dog with my tail between my legs thing. I'm sure that can make a girl pretty hungry too.

I throw some peanut butter and jelly on two pieces of bread, slap them together and sit at our round little secondhand table. Mom loves going to thrift stores and yard sales. We do it a lot on the weekends. You never know what treasures you can find. I'm not so sure about this table, but I do have a really cool trunk in my room that I love. I'd love it a lot more without the vampire-killing paraphernalia inside, but hey, beggars can't be choosers, right?

I make it about halfway through my sandwich when Mom rounds the corner into our kitchen. She gives me a smile, brushing her straight auburn hair, so different from my blond curls, from her eyes.

"Hey, kiddo. How was your day?" She doesn't wait for me to respond before dropping the load from her left arm, on the table. "I found the best book at the library on my lunch."

Mom is a billing specialist in the hospital. She hunts for vampire information on her lunch hour. Nice.

"Mom, I've had a long day. I'm not really in the mood."

She rolls her eyes like I'm being a silly teenager who doesn't want to look at some completely normal book with her mom.

"It'll only take a second. It has this really interesting chapter in it about how some people believe vampires now have the ability to walk in daylight. Of course, no one knows for sure what information is true, or what's manufactured by some crazy person, but daylight!"

I push up from the table. "No! No, no, no. I don't think so. Don't start thinking the undead stalk the daytime, too. I--" Can't lose what little life I have. Don't want you scared for us to leave the house. Do not feel like becoming more of a freak than I already am. "I think it's one of the crazy people and not the..." Sane ones? No, that won't work. "We've seen enough vampire movies to know that." I wave my hand. "Pfft, vampires out during the day. Yeah, right."

Mom shakes her head at me. "I'm not an idiot, Abbs. I know it's unbelievable, and I know you don't think they're real, but I know, so I'm asking you to humor me."

She sits across the table, so I fall back into my chair. My heart is doing this frustrated skip-a-beat thing that happens whenever I get upset. "I can't do this today."

Mom reaches over the table and grabs my hand. I hold it for a minute, because it feels good, normal, and that's all I want. Just to be normal. "I'm sorry. You're right. How was your day?"

This time, she waits for my answer. I run a few options through my head. I haven't gone with the group-project-with-friends thing in a while. "It was good. I'm working with Brandy on a project for history. We get to choose one of our favorite historical duos and write a report on them." I'm not a liar by nature, and it squeezes something inside me every time I lie to her.

Mom's blue eyes go bright. It's another difference between us. The only trait we share is the dusting of freckles across our noses. For the millionth time I wonder if I get my blond hair from my dad. He's like a ghost to me. One that I sometimes think I can feel, but have never seen. Which I hope doesn't make me a little loony myself. "I wish you would have her over. I'd really like to meet your friends."

Invisible friends are a little hard to meet, Mom. "I know. I'll ask her again. Her parents are pretty tough on her." Another lie, but what else can I say? That one day Mom spoke too loud in the library and ruined any chances of making friends?

"There are plenty of books on vampires at your disposal, Abby. You should read up. I can only tell you so much and honestly, I don't even know if all the information I have is correct. The more you know, the more prepared you'll be. Hopefully, you'll never need the knowledge, kiddo, but you can never be too safe. The night is dangerous and I want to make sure you understand that."

Like always, I'd nodded my head to placate Mom and that's when I saw her: Stacy, hiding behind a row of books. The rest is, as they say, history. She found the perfect person to torture all through high school and I became Karma High's biggest outcast.

"Good. It's important that you know. If what I read is true..."

My head spins. Will it ever freakin' end? "Mom! Get over it, okay? Vampires don't walk in daylight!"

She sighs like I'm the one being unreasonable. "Maybe, maybe not. It wouldn't hurt for you to read it just in case."

One time we were driving and smoke started to come out of the hood. Mom freaked out and pulled to the side of the road because the car overheated. That's how hot I feel at this moment. At any minute steam is going to start coming from my ears. But still, I grab the book off the table. "Fine. I'm doing my homework and then I'll read the stupid book."

One the way, I grab my backpack and lock myself in my room. I drop my backpack, toss the book in my closet, and curl up on my vampire-killing-kit-of-a-trunk that sits beneath my window and cry until there are no tears left and nothing to do but drift into darkness.

I dream about my dad. The faceless man who must have blond hair like mine. He finds me and tells me everything is going to be okay. That he loves us and never wanted to leave us. My dad tells me it's not Mom's fault that she's the way she is, that he can make it better. And he does. All it takes is one talk from him and the veil is lifted from Mom's eyes. She can't believe she ever thought vampires were real. It was a tough time period for her. She missed my dad, but now...now she's normal and we're going to be happy.

Normal...

Happy...

I'm startled awake by loud music from a car parked across the street. It's filled with people from my school. People with normal lives. My dad didn't come for us. I'll never know who he is because Mom won't tell me. Things aren't better. I'm still the girl with the book, "Modern Vampires" in my closet. Normal, I'm not. Happy, no.

A few more months, I tell myself for the third time today. Only a few more months and I'm out of here for good.

Chapter Two

I assumed Stacy broke a nail or something, because she decided not to bless the school with her presence today. It's amazing how no one pays attention to me when she's not around. No taunts, no names, no laughs, no vampire fangs, not even from the other members of The LP. I suddenly become invisible and let me tell you, invisible is a lot cooler than it sounds. At least for me. Even if it wasn't for my little...oddity... I think I would always be the kind of person who liked to fade into the background. Of course, in a vampire-believer-free world, I might have a few friends fading with me.

Today is one of those days I feel I can actually breathe. My morning classes are a breeze and, go figure, the day I don't mind the snails'-crawl tick of the clock. The teachers pull more magic out of their hats and the first half of the day goes by too quickly.

It bites.

I'm on my way to the usual hell that is the high school cafeteria when a voice I hear from behind me gives me a pause. It's not Caleb, but it is his friends so I know he must be with them. I feel a little woozy. The good kind of woozy.

"Dude, can we party at your house tonight? Rich got his hands on some beer."

"No."

I shiver, because the no is his voice. Again, pathetic, I know, but there's something about him. Caleb wouldn't even be considered the best looking guy in school or anything. He doesn't play sports or look like he belongs in GQ Magazine like The LP's friends. He's a t-shirt and faded jeans kind of boy. If we had tracks in Karma, he'd live on the wrong side of them, but the boy reduces me to a puddle of hormones with one look. Or as the case has it today, one word.

"Why?" one of his friends asks.

I try and walk slow enough that I won't get too far away from them, but fast enough where they won't pass me.

"Because."

I love how he doesn't care what other people think. How he doesn't feel like he has to give excuses for why he doesn't want to do something. I smile. With both sides of my mouth. It's not that hard. I wonder why he never does it.

"What the f**k ever. We'll party without you."

"Okay."

"You're a dick, C." His friend is obviously pissed.

"Ouch!" Someone runs into me from behind, and I stagger forward.

"Excuse you." I look over my shoulder and recognize Billy, one of Caleb's prison-bound friends talking to me.

"Um..." I'm at a loss for words. Excuse me? Who ran into who here?

"Leave her alone. You're the one who ran into her." Caleb doesn't even look at me, his eyes firmly on Billy. But me, I can't take my eyes off of him. He's tall and lean, but you can definitely see the muscles under his skin. He's all long and sinewy with golden skin. Did I mention he's hot? Well, he is.

"So? You don't care about anything else. Why do you give a shit about her?" Billy isn't letting this go and I want to slink away. Okay, part of me does. The other part is really curious about Caleb's answer to his question.

"I don't."

Ouch. That isn't the answer I hoped for.

"I'm just sick of you being an ass. I'm ready to get out of here." They sweep past me without a word, Billy still arguing with Caleb and I'm left feeling dizzy. What just happened? The sea of students' part around me as I stand in the middle of the hall, watching the backs of Caleb and his friends as they stalk away. When they hit the corner, he tosses a quick glance over his shoulder and right at me. I try and smile a thank you, but before I do, he's already gone.

***

My day goes from great, to strange, to depressing in a matter of seven hours of school. On my walk home, I don't even get excited when Caleb's small cabin comes into view. It's only about ten percent because he said he doesn't care about me. I pretty much expected that on. No, the depressed is because of my dad.

Funny how something comes out of left field and knocks you for a loop. We're studying our family history in class, a far cry from the duo project I lied about. We're supposed to pick someone from our family and write a paper about them. Let's see, I don't know my dad or any of this family, and Mom has been estranged from her family since before I was born.

That leaves... Mom. I love her. Despite everything I really do, but writing a paper on her and reading it out loud? So not going to happen.

I want to cry, which really blows, because I'm not really a tears type of girl. I cried most my tears a long time ago. But two days in a row? That makes me feel like I'm going backward and I want nothing more than to go as forward as I can.

Even though the excitement isn't zipping through my insides, I still glance at Caleb's cabin as I walk by. It looks even deader than it was yesterday because he's not peeking at me through the window. Which is just as good, I decide. I need to stop this pathetic crush. All I need is something else in my life to get all emo about.

As I weave my way through all the aged trees, I think about Mom again. Well, not Mom as much as how she's going to freak out when I ask her about my dad. Because I am. I wasn't so sure of it until this second, but I deserve to know and this assignment is the perfect way for me to find out, because the I-deserve-it line, hasn't worked with her in the past.

Why can't she understand I need to know? If I know something about him, maybe he'll take us away from this. Better yet, if I can find him, maybe he can fix her.

When I walk up to my house, I notice Mom's little silver hatchback missing from the driveway, and I run. I don't know what's come over me, but I rush inside, locking the door behind me and heading straight up to her room. Today is the day she works late, but it still won't give me much time, so I need to hurry.

I don't even bother with her drawers or anything like that. We share clothes so I know if she has anything to hide, I'm not going to find it there. The bed is my first destination. I know it seems silly, but maybe there's something underneath. I mean, it's not like I'm ever under her bed for any reason.

There are a couple boxes beneath, so I yank them out. Let me tell you, it's not easy to look through them quickly while trying not to disturb anything. The first one is filled with old clothes of hers. I go through the stacks and don't find anything between, so I push it back under.

For a second, I stop. Listen. No sound except my own pulse thrumming in my ears.

I open the second box and start picking through it. My baby stuff: old bibs, shot record, drawings. A minute later that box is closed and pushed under the bed with the first one.

My heart is going to break through my chest at any minute, but I keep going. Now that I'm here, all those unanswered questions are fueling me, pushing me forward even though I could be caught any minute.

I jerk open her closet door. I shove clothes aside, scanning shelves with my eyes, before walking around in a little circle. There has to be something! Why isn't there anything? I see another stack of boxes in the corner. I push them out of the way, and that's when I see the small lockbox.

This time, my heart stops. I know this is it. I know there is something inside she doesn't want me to see. Her birthday is the first code I try. Nothing. I try mine. Still nothing. I know I don't have much time, but no other numbers are popping into my head. Without much else to go on, I try the first six number of my social security number. Then the last numbers, and the box springs open.

Don't do this, Abbs. You're going to break her heart. But I don't stop. What about my heart? It's been broken for years.

My baby book rests on top. My fingers shake as I open it, knowing there has to be a reason this book isn't in the box with the rest of my stuff. It's the usual stuff in the front, weight, length, time and place I was born. Nothing new there.

I listen again, but still hear nothing.

My fingers flip through the pages and a piece of paper falls out. It's old, I can tell. I can hardly open it my hands are quivering so badly.

Patricia, it starts out. I don't know how, but I know this letter is from my dad.

I wasn't sure how else to reach you, but we need to talk. You can't let your parents come between us. I love you, Red, and I want a life with you. With the three of us. Yes, I know you're pregnant, though I don't understand why you haven't told me. Don't you know I will love our child just as much as I love you?

Tears leak from my eyes, one after another, playing follow the leader down my face. He loved me. He never met me, but he loved me.

I want to take you away. The three of us, somewhere, anywhere, just as long as it's only us. We can start our family. You're eighteen, sweet one. There's nothing they can do. Let me love you. Let me love you and our beautiful child away from the people who want to tear us apart. Meet me tonight whenever you can get away. I will wait for you. You know the place.

All my love,

C

The letter is ripped from my hand. I whirl around, my eyes stinging with tears. "Give it back!" There is nothing in the world I want more than that letter right now.

"What the hell are you doing, Abigail Cristen?" She's huffing, she's so angry, but I don't care. Her anger has nothing on mine.

"Isn't it obvious? I'm looking for answers you won't give! I want the letter back. It's from my dad." My dad, my dad, my dad.

She turns to walk away, but I step out of the closet to follow her. "I want it. I need it. Can't you stop being so selfish for one minute?"

Her face pales. I feel as if I slapped her. It takes her a minute to reply, and when she does, her chin quivers. "I'm selfish? You're the one snooping through my things, looking for information I keep from you for a reason! Don't you think, for just a moment, that there might be a reason why I haven't told you about him?"

The reason doesn't matter. My face is wet and my heart is in pieces.

Mom's voice is softer now. "Did you ever think I don't want you to get hurt?"

"Then stop hurting me!" I yell, unable to control my words. "No one here is hurting me but you. I need him. Something of him. Why can't you understand that?"

Now she's crying too. Each tear takes another dent from my armor. I don't want to fight with her, but I need this. I need something to hold onto in my crazy life. Something normal.

She tosses the letter at me. "Take it." Mom walks to the kitchen with me on her heels. I clutch the letter like it's a part of me. I won't let go of it. But something keeps pushing me forward. Heat sizzles inside me and I need more.

"I want to know his name. Who he is. Where is he, I want to find him." I've wanted this for so long. These words have played on my lips since I was old enough to understand someone was missing from my life and now that I'm speaking them, I can't stop.

"No," she says without turning to look at me. She's putting dishes in the dishwasher, like we're not having an emotional breakdown here.

"Yes! He's my dad and I want him. I'll keep digging. Nothing will stop me from finding him now that I know he loved me. I don't care what I have to do to find him!"

Mom whips around. "He's dead!" Her words echo through the house, slicing me open. "You can't find him, Abby because he's dead. He was killed by vampires when I was pregnant with you. Is that what you want to hear?"

I can't breathe. The kitchen is spinning. My legs are weak, about to collapse at any second, but that doesn't stop me. I run.

"Sweetie, I'm sorry. I didn't mean--"

Her words cut off when I slam the door. I'm dizzy, but I keep running. Down the street and to the woods, where I can get lost. I want to pretend this didn't happen. That my dad isn't dead and Mom didn't create an alternate reality to deal with it. Because that has to be it, doesn't it? Did they run away like he wanted? Did they kill him because of her or me? Does she feel guilty and this is how she deals with it?

My head pounds with Mom, dad, vampires. I'm a jumbled mess, staggering through the crowd of old, thick trees. Leaves litter the ground, flinging up and around my feet with each step I take.

When I see the over-sized tree, my steps slow and then stop. I lean against the tree and slide down, pulling my knees against my chest. The letter is still squeezed tightly in my hand. I can't let it go or look at it, knowing the man who loved me is gone.

I don't know how long I let my tears flow. I don't even care that I'm crying twice in two days, that all this gave me enough tears that I don't think they'll ever stop. I just cry.

"You okay?"

I know the voice coming from my left, but I can't bring myself to care.

"Um, hello? Anyone home? I asked if you're okay." Caleb waves his hand in front of my face.

Today, his words annoy me. "Yeah, I always sit around crying like this. Jerk." I mumble the last part. If this were any other day, I probably wouldn't be able to form a coherent sentence. I definitely wouldn't be so sarcastic with him, but this isn't any other day.

Caleb looks down at me, and I'm not even in awe of his looks. But then he gives me a smile. A real one and I'm proven wrong; both sides of his mouth do work and when they do, it's a knockout smile. It somehow takes away some of the pain.

"I'm taking your sarcasm to mean you're sort of okay. Maybe you should try using that sharp tongue on someone like Stacy and her bitchy friends instead of me."

To my surprise, he sits down next to me, leaning against my tree.

"Been a rough day." It's all I can say. How could I even begin to explain to him the train wreck that is my life?

"Yeah, I can tell." Caleb pulls out a cigarette and lights it. I know I'm cringing. I hate cigarette smoke. Hate it. He's ruining my fantasy of him right now.

"Smoking's bad for you, ya know? Have you ever read the statistics of how many people die from cigarette related illnesses every year?" I'm going to regret this tomorrow. It's not every day your secret crush talks to you. Giving him statistics on how he's doing to die probably isn't the way to handle it, but I guess it's better than being speechless.

I wipe my eyes and notice I'm not crying, but then Caleb laughs at me and I feel like crawling in a hole and not coming out. Ever.

"Thanks for the health lesson, but I don't need it."

He takes a drag and I wince. I think he sees, because he shrugs as if saying sorry. My head drops back and I try to focus on the scent of the bark and wood instead of Caleb's smoky cancer. For the next couple minutes we don't speak. He sits there smoking and I'm trying not to:

A) Think about my mom back at home and what she told me and

B) Focus on the fact that Caleb's leg is touching mine. Kind of. Almost. Close enough.

My palms are sweaty and I can't help but think about the letter inside my right hand. Fear seizes me that I'll ruin it and I jerk my arm up to stuff it in my pocket.

"Ouch. Watch the elbows, ninja." Great. Now I'm going to become the schools ninja vampire. I can't believe I just elbowed him.

"Sorry." My heart starts doing a nervous jig because his arm is now leaning on mine and he's not moving it! This isn't the close call like our legs, but skin to skin and he is warm and soft in a completely manly way.

"Sorry about Billy today. He's kind of a prick."

I try not to focus on our arms when I look at him. "Then why do you hang-out with him?"

Caleb only shrugs as if Billy and those guys are his only option. Hello! Pick me! Maybe Billy isn't the best subject. "Um, so why are you...I'm not trying to sound ungrateful or anything, but we pretty much never speak. What made you stop to talk to me?" Because you said you don't care...

He doesn't look at me, just focusing on his cigarette when he replies. "You were crying. I felt like taking a rest. Thought I could do it here."

When he mentions my tears, it brings the afternoon flooding back. Mom is crazy. My dad is dead. Even though I'll lose contact with him, I move my arm so I can feel my pocket to make sure the letter is still there. "Oh." I'm afraid I'll start crying again.

"Did Cavanaugh do something to hurt you?" Puff, blow.

His words fill me with equal parts embarrassment that he knows they torture me, and something warm and tingly that he sounds upset about it.

I shake my head. "No, she's a bitch, but I can handle her. Kind of. I could handle her much easier if she didn't always have reinforcements." Shut up, Abby!

"You're pretty funny when you talk." Now he's looking at me and I'm reduced to a puddle of goo.

I try and keep it up. He likes funny? I can be funny. "Yeah, that's me. Comedy hour with Abby." Then, I don't know where it comes from, but I say, "It's my mom. We got in a fight."

"Yeah, parents suck." He turns away from me again, picks up a Coke can, and stuffs his cigarette butt inside. Well, at least he's cautious. No risk of a forest fire.

I feel the urge to defend Mom. Which is stupid because I'm angrier at her than I've ever been. No, not angry. Hurt. Sad. "I get along with my mom. It's just, she's too overprotective." Which is true. The not going out after dark thing aside, I know that even if I had real friends, I wouldn't be able to see them after dark without the vampire test. Now that she's thinking they can come out in daytime, my life is bound to get worse.

Now that I start, I can't stop though. "And secrets...she's kept so many secrets from me, yet she's always telling me it's just the two of us and we need to stick together."

Okay, I can shut up at any time. It isn't as if he really cares what's wrong with me and here I am rambling to him like he's the diary tucked under my mattress. "See why I'm quiet at school? Once I talk, I can't shut up. Sorry. I'm sure you have better things to do than listen to me." I move to stand up. As much as I wish this moment wouldn't end, I need to be alone.

"I asked, didn't I?" His voice is deep and smooth.

"Yeah, I guess you did. Why?" I wonder.

The question frustrates him. Caleb picks up a branch, breaking pieces off and throwing them. "Hell, I don't know. I see you all the time and you look so sad...shit, never mind." He stands up and looks down at me. "You're lucky, you know? There are a lot of parents out there who don't give a crap about their kids. She may be overprotective, but at least you know she cares."

His words make my eyes start to water again. He's right. No matter what, I know Mom loves me. I know she thinks she's doing what's right for me. She just needs help. And the letter burning a hole in my pocket? That proves he loved me too.

"You're a big girl, Abby. You want her to treat you differently, prove to her you deserve it." Without another word, he turns and walks away, disappearing through the mass of trees.

Chapter Three

When I came home last night, Mom closed herself in her room. My hands itched to knock, whether to demand more answers or to hug her and apologize, I hadn't been sure. I hadn't done either and after a night spent with my thoughts battling between my dad and what Caleb said (okay, and about how it felt to touch him, too), I sneak out of my house before she gets up.

I'm halfway out the door before a little stab of guilt pokes me. I race back into the kitchen and scrawl a short note that I'm in town. It's daylight. I'm safe. Well, if "Modern Vampires" is wrong, I am.

Over and over last night I asked myself what I wanted with the same three things always taking the lead: Mom getting better, meeting my dad, and freedom. Freedom from stares, pitying looks, The LP, and from not having control over my own life. As much as I want to, I know I can't fix Mom. I can't find my dad because he's really gone, but I can control myself. And maybe get a little freedom from the crazy at the same time.

Now, I know most people my age cringe at the thought, but the best way I can think of to go about this is to get a job. I spent most of the night thinking this through and I can't believe I didn't come to this conclusion earlier.

Caleb is right. If I want to prove to her I'm ready for the whole story, the first way to go about that is to show her I'm old enough and responsible enough to take care of myself.

And as much as I hate to admit it, even to myself while I'm walking down my near deserted street on a quiet Saturday morning, I need a break from her before I go crazy, too. I immediately feel like I'm wearing my bad daughter hat because I know she loves me. We're all each other have. I know she hasn't spoken to her parents since before I was born, but still, I'm not sure how much longer I can do this.

See? Bad daughter.

But what if this helps? What if letting me go a little bit, being forced to let me out after dark helps her? I shake my head, refusing to let myself think that way. Disappointment isn't fun, and I'm not sure I'm up to it anymore.

So I check the one movie theater in town. Nada. The grocery store, gas station, I kid you not; I even try and find out about a paper route. Still nothing. By one o'clock I'm really starting to feel sorry for myself. I guess it's my new motto or something and I don't like it.

I'm getting sweaty and tired of walking, but this is the new me. I'm taking control and not giving up this early. So I keep trekking through Karma like all of a sudden, some good karma might come my way when I hear it: "Hey loser. Walking around to look for friends? I don't think you'll find any."

I look over to see a Mercedes full of Lipstick Nazis. Just. My. Luck. Thanks for the good karma!

I keep walking because I'm a new, mature woman and I'm not going to let them get to me. There are so many more important things on my mind. My dad...

"Are you deaf now, Buffy?" Stacy yells, her black hair waving in the wind like she's in a shampoo commercial.

I still ignore them because, hello? Is Buffy supposed to be a put down? Sarah Michelle Gellar seriously kicked butt. Plus, I could use some fantasies where I get to slay them.

They keep driving slowly next to me and all I can do is hope a car door opens and hits them. Funny, they taunt me for having no life, but they're the ones spending their afternoon following me around town.

"Oh! I got it! Are you on your way to your Vampires Anonymous meeting? Maybe you should get your psycho mom to tag along. You know, like mother-daughter bonding."

And the pot boils over. I'm angry at Mom, myself and even at my dad and I really want to get rid of the LP. More than that I want to be the girl who isn't followed around, harassed by a bunch of bimbos. I stop and look at them. Stacy's car screeches as she must have hit the brakes.

"Don't you have anything better to do? If you want to be friends, all you have to do is ask. Really, there's no need to follow me around like a lost puppy."

Did I mention before that I have bad luck? There's an open parking space nearby and Stacy whips in. The LP jump out of the car and head my way. I run. Each pound of my feet against the ground makes me madder and madder at myself. I'm tired of running and giving them the satisfaction of knowing they'll always win. They'll always be better than me and I'll always be the chased while they're the chasers.

Hell, I don't even know if they're still following me, but I keep running, hoping I can outrun my problems.

I run until I reach Sampson's Diner. It's my last shot. I'm out of breath. My hair plastered to my forehead with sweat as I push through the door.

"Hi," I gasp to Liz Sampson. The small, 1950's-style-diner is empty. I know there's not a chance she's going to hire me looking like this, but right now I don't have it in me to care. Before I even have the chance to catch my breath, I ask her, "Are you hiring?"

***

I wonder how long is too long for your heart to beat at double time? I'm pretty sure I've suffered a pretty bad case of rapid heart rate the past few days. It's going crazy again as I step onto my porch. A girl should not be so nervous to go home, but I am.

After taking a couple deep breaths, I push past the door. It's not like I can stay outside forever. Mom's sitting on the couch, her eyes tinged with sadness as she looks at me. Immediately I mirror the feeling. It's always like that with her. No matter how much she hurts me, I love her more than anything in the world.

"Hi," I mumble, all the excitement I'd felt a little while ago hiding in the background.

Mom tries to smile at me. "Hey, kiddo." She taps the couch cushion beside her. "I need to talk to you for a minute."

"Yeah, I need to talk to you too." I sit by her, guilt mixing with all the other emotions running wild inside me. I don't need to feel guilty. I didn't do anything wrong.

Mom's eyes are pained. She's only thirty-five, but she looks older. Maybe not old so much as worn out. A knot slides down my throat. Why can't things be easier for us?

"Can I go first?" Mom asks.

Whew. You betcha! "Yeah."

She takes a couple deep breaths while I'm fidgeting and picking off what's left of my purple nail polish.

"I need to apologize for the way I told you about your dad." Her words make tears prick my eyes. "I was upset and took it out on you and that's inexcusable. I'm sorry, sweetie."

I wrap my arms around her, needing her more than I like to admit. Mom squeezes me back and we both cry. It doesn't even bother me that I'm shedding tears again because I need them. Hers and mine, mingling together in the pain we both share. Because even though I know the vampire thing isn't real, I know in my heart his death is.

I felt how much he loved us and know death is the only thing that keeps him from being here right now. It's not fair and I hate it.

Mom pulls away first. Not completely, but far enough that she can look at me. "But now you know why I'm so vigilant with you. Why it kills me to let you out after dark and why I need you prepared about what lurks out there."

"How do you know?" I ask her. "Were you there? Did you know about them before they killed him? Are they after us?" I feel guilty for taking advantage of this situation, but that's exactly what I'm doing. Hoping she's upset enough to give me more details. Hoping I can find the hole in her story to show her it's a delusion.

When she grabs my hand, I know my odds aren't that great. It's what she always does when she's going to tell me something I don't like. "I'm not ready, Abbs. And honestly, I know you don't believe me, but you aren't either. Not for all the answers."

Now I'm angry again. My body doesn't know what to feel, whiplashing between different emotions. I pull my hand away.

"I wanted to wait until you were old enough to tell you about him, but you caught me off guard. I know you don't understand, but I need you to trust me. I can't give you more until I know more myself. It wouldn't be right."

I shake my head. "How can you expect me to trust you when you've kept so much from me my whole life?" I can't keep hiding inside at night. I can't keep running away from people who throw your craziness at me.

"Because you're old enough to know that you don't know everything. That all I want to do is protect you." I expect her to try and reach for my hand again, but she doesn't.

"Oh, so I'm old enough to understand you get to call all the shots, but not old enough to understand what's going on?" I'm shaking. In a second I'm off the couch and standing on the other side of the room. It's then that I realize I think I want the answers because I want to believe her. I would rather vampires be real than know she really is crazy. It scares me.

"I got a job." The words fly out of my mouth. "That's what I wanted to tell you. Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday evenings."

Mom opens her mouth to talk, but I cut her off. "I figure I'm old enough to have this kind of responsibility. Most kids my age already have jobs. I'll get off at nine which isn't too late, so I don't see any reason you shouldn't let--"

"No."

"No?"

"It's dangerous, Abbs. You don't seem to understand that."

"Of course I don't understand it! You won't give me any answers so I can understand. You just expect me to follow your orders and trust you when you don't trust me! You think I'm old enough for what suits you and not what helps me."

"Abby, its dangerous--"

"You can't always protect me!" I yell. It startles her. Startles me. "Getting in the car every day is dangerous, but we still do it."

She stands. "It's not the same thing, and I won't have you talking to me like that, young lady."

"Pfft. Yeah, I'm sure vampire attacks outnumber car accidents." I continue before she can call me on my sarcasm, "Look, I'm sorry I got an attitude, but, please, Mom." My voice is soft...pleading. "I just want to be like a normal teenager. I'll wear my cross like I always do. I'll keep my vial of holy water and my pepper spray, for the off chance I get attacked by an actual human. Anything. Just, please?" I walk over to her and this time, I grab her hand. "I need this. I'm asking you to trust me like you want me to trust you."

My last words hit home. I can see the change in the worn-out features of her face. If she wants my trust, she's going to have to give me a little in return. Defeated, she nods.

"Okay."

***

Mom makes me reiterate at least fifty times that I understand the dangers. From there we move to reciting the ways to hurt or kill a vampire, and confirm our hours so we make sure I can use the car. Of course she throws in the whole call her the second I leave work thing, and finally I start to believe this is happening.

I ignore the shake in Mom's hand as she repeats that we have a deal. My bad daughter hat is in place again, but I can't help it. I want to hold onto this freedom as tightly as I clutched the letter still sitting in my pocket.

When Mom says she's going to take a nap, I tell her I'm going for a walk. Even though we just came to an agreement about work, I still let her know I will be home before dark. I'm not surprised when I find myself slipping through the woods, hoping to find Caleb and share my news with him. Which is dumb. I know that. It's not like we're friends, but even though our conversation yesterday is the only real one we've ever had, he's the only person I feel I can share this with.

Butterflies dance in my belly, making me feel a tad nauseous. The thing is, I didn't want it to be obvious I came looking for him. I'm not a total idiot. There's no way I'm putting myself out there for him to shoot me down, but this means I can't go to his house. The only thing I can think to do is to go to the tree we met at yesterday and hope my bad luck gives me a break and he shows up. I know exactly where it is because it's my tree.

The trunk is huge, with knobs and winding paths of bark around it. It looks different, a little older, a little more knowledgeable, which is really dumb. I think Mom's crazy for believing in vampires, but I think a tree is capable of intelligence. Nice.

I move my dad's letter around in my hands. Since I found it, it's always on me. I don't know why I'm scared. It's still light outside, but the sun won't last long. If Caleb doesn't show up soon, I'm going to have to leave. Which I'm sure is better. I'm not convinced waiting for him isn't the dumbest thing I've ever done. What am I going to say? "Hey, Caleb. Remember me? You look at me a lot, but we never talk. Well, we did yesterday when I was bawling my eyes out. Guess what? I got a job!"

Yeah, now I can see why I don't have friends.

But still I wait, much too long because the sun is dipping farther and farther into the horizon. The cool late afternoon breeze whispers over me like a gentle caress. I pull my legs closer to fight the chill, telling myself five more minutes. I'll wait five more minutes before I head home.

The sun sets, dusk settling over the woods around me. As I get up to leave, a branch crunches behind me. Caleb! I'm totally embarrassed over my own giddiness. I turn and suddenly I realize, really realize that it will be dark soon and I'm alone. Well, alone except for the boy in the woods with me. A boy who is definitely not Caleb.

Chapter Four

The boy laughs. "Hi. I hope I didn't scare you. From the look on your face, I guess I probably did." He has to be about my age. He has dusty blond hair that sits on the collar of his black jacket. He's cute. Very cute. If he's not a psycho murderer, that is.

I frantically scan the area around us. Oh God. No one will hear me scream out here. The thing is, this guy is a stranger. I'm not usually all freaked out about the whole stranger danger thing, but I'm also not usually alone in the woods with someone I don't know. Even being an outcast, there aren't many people I don't know in Karma. Especially people who hang-out in the woods. "Um...hi." I play it cool, wishing I had my pepper spray.

"Hi. Are you okay? You look like you're about to bolt at any minute." He smiles. A real smile. A full, ear to ear one. It's kind of contagious.

"Should I be ready to run?" Now some people might think that is a stupid question, but not me. I figure if he is a crazy murderer, he's going to have a little respect for me for coming right out and asking him. Maybe enough to tell me the truth and at least give me head start.

This time, he laughs, holding his hands up in feigned surrender. "I'm not going to hurt you. I'm just taking a walk and saw you out here. It's getting dark so I thought I'd check on you."

Crap. It's getting darker. Great, I get Mom to give me a little freedom and I stay out too late. Oh and end up in the woods with a strange boy.

He takes a couple steps toward me. "I'm Gabriel Chambers. I just moved here. I can show you my ID if you want."

Now it's my turn to laugh. He's a cute boy and he's talking to me. That doesn't happen too often. Well, except for yesterday. "ID isn't necessary. I better go, though. My mom is probably freaking out right now." I have no choice but to walk toward him because he's standing in the direction of my house. I move past him, ready to break into a run if I need to.

"Yeah, I hear you there." He starts to walk with me. The butterflies are back and I'm not sure if it's because he's cute or because I should be scared. "I didn't catch your name."

I speed up. Mom is really going to freak if I don't hurry and get home. But I still can't help but think, A cute guy is asking my name! Go me! Of course, that's only because he doesn't know about me, but still. "Abigail, but I go by Abby."

Gabriel keeps up with me. "Can I walk with you? I'm home schooled so this might be my only chance to meet someone my age for a while."

I'm not really much of an optimist, but this just might be the luckiest day ever. Excluding my earlier bad luck, that is. This might be my chance to meet someone who knows nothing about me. Someone The LP can't brainwash with their big boobs and even bigger attitudes. "Sure. It'd be cool to have some company. My house is this way." Duh! It's the way I'm walking.

We walk in silence for a few minutes. I have no idea what to say to him and, honestly, I'm half afraid if I open my mouth, something really lame will fall out. Luckily, he saves me.

"Lived here long?" Gabe asks.

"A few years. Since right before my freshman year. It sucks."

Gabriel smiles. "Does it? I moved here from outside Boston. Sucked pretty badly there too, but you get used to it."

A chill sweeps over me as the wind rustles the trees. Stupid, cold wind.

"Here, take my jacket."

I stop in my tracks. He's offering me his coat. It's ridiculous for me to take it. I don't know him, we're almost to the edge of the woods and to the street that leads to my house, but it's almost like a movie to me. The loser girl who finds this really hot guy to offer her is coat. It's too good an opportunity to pass up. I take it, slipping my arms inside the warm sleeves. It smells like cloves, I think. Just faintly. The rest is all boy. "Thanks."

"Any time." He shrugs.

I feel a little guilty taking his jacket because he's only wearing a blue t-shirt, but then I remember he's from Boston. It gets colder there than it does in Northern California so he's probably used to it.

His arms are muscular and like the rest of him, pretty damn hot. Can arms be hot? Yes, I think so.

"So," he says as we walk. "You were saying it sucks here? I actually think I'm going to like it." Gabriel winks at me and my insides start fluttering. My belly feels light. I'm not sure how to respond.

"How old are you?"

"Eighteen. You?"

"Seventeen. I can't wait until I graduate. The first thing I'm going to do is leave this town."

We clear the edge of the woods and step onto the street. "That bad, huh? What's there to do around here for fun?"

"Fun? What's that?" I tease, wondering why it's so much easier to talk to Gabriel than it is Caleb. He laughs. "Um, not much. The typical stuff, I guess. I got my first job today. I'm going to bus tables at Sampson's Diner."

Gabriel stops walking. They we're only a block from my house. "That's fun?"

My mouth drops open and I cross my arms.

"I'm kidding! Maybe I'll have to stop in and see you some time."

Great, I'm blushing. My heart starts to race. Do NOT have a heart attack in front of him, Abbs! The first boy to ever show interest in me and I keel over dead when he mentions seeing me again. Sounds about right. "I'd like that." And then, even though I hate it, I say, "I need to get going though. My house is right up the street. I can make it fine from here." I take off his jacket. The crisp breeze makes me shiver.

"You can keep it." He cocks his head toward the coat, but I shake my head. I want nothing more than to keep this jacket so I know he will have to see me again, but the last thing I need is something I'll have to explain to Mom. "No thanks. I'm almost home and I don't want you to be cold."

He takes it from me. "Thanks for letting me walk home with you, Abigail. I'll see you soon?"

I hear the question in his voice. Is he just as nervous as me? I doubt it, but it makes me feel good to know he at least feels part of the nerves I do. "Sure." Before I blow it, I turn and walk away. "Bye, Gabriel."

"Gabe. Call me, Gabe." he calls after me as I start to jog.

I run the rest of the way home. I skid to a stop in front of my house and look back. Gabe is gone. I smile. First Caleb talks to me, I get a job, and now a new, cute boy that no one else knows talks to me. Maybe my luck is going to change.

"Abby! Dear God, is that you?" Mom yells from the porch, her voice shaky.

There goes my luck.

After my neck check, the yelling begins. You just asked me to trust you and then you pull this! If you want to keep that job you're going to have to prove you deserve it much better than this. Yada, yada until I wanted to poke my own eyes out. Or maybe ears. That would make more sense.

Finally, I make it to my room for a little peace and quiet. My body is all jittery. I pull out my Dad's letter and wonder if it's good luck. If somehow, having this little piece of him is making my life better. I wish for more. I want him, but this is at least something.

I grab my diary from under my mattress before sitting in front of my window. It's always been my favorite place to sit. Like I can look out on other people's lives and pretend it's mine. Tonight, for the first time, I don't feel like pretending. I just feel like living in the moment. In the hope that maybe Caleb and I can be friends. My lips stretch into a smile. Or maybe Gabe. Or both. But mostly, I'm excited for my job. For hope.

Not even the memory of Stacy and her lipstick-wearing psycho friends can bring me down tonight. Actually, I feel pretty sorry for them. If they have nothing better to do than chase me around, they need more of a life than me.

Okay, so I'm stretching it a little bit, but still.

After I scrawl every detail of my day, I close the book and let my eyes find the darkness outside. There's movement, and my insides freeze as I think I see a figure step behind the trees. Goosebumps spring to life on my arms. I shake my head to toss the vision away, but it's still there. My legs feel heavy, like they're anchored to the floor. I want to move them, to step away from the window, but I can't make them work. No, no, no.

I'm hot. Burning up, but I don't know why. The figure is still there, in the darkness. A peeping Tom? One of The LP's minions sent to try to make me feel like I'm going crazy? Now, I squint, finally able to make my body work. I rub my eyes.

And it's gone.

There's nothing but dark night, trees, and houses. A shaky breath falls from my mouth. Still, I stand there, half-relieved whatever it was is gone. Who wants someone lurking outside their window, right? Definitely not a sane person and that's what scares me because the other part of me is hoping, praying, the person will step out of the shadows just so I will know someone's really there. It's almost better some psycho killer or pervert be outside my window then the other option.

It doesn't take being the daughter of a crazy person to know seeing things isn't a good sign. Fear rears up inside me like a wild horse. Not fear for anything outside my window, but for me. "Please be there, please be there, please be there," I whisper, not caring that most sane people don't wish for someone to be outside their window.

I'm more scared of losing my mind. Did I hear something too? I can't be sure, but don't know if that would help or hurt. Could prove someone was really there, or hell, I could be both hearing and seeing things. Please...I don't want to be like her.

"Abbs?"

Finally my body jumps into action. I twist toward the voice, breathing ragged. "Mom, you scared the crap out of me." I hold my hand over my chest, fighting the urge for one more look out the window.

"Abigail? What's wrong?" She steps toward me, her eyes scanning my room. That's all I need. If she thinks someone is watching me, I can't imagine what she'll do. I know she won't think I'm seeing things. She'll make me quit my job and I'll lose the freedom so within reach.

"Nothing. Seriously, I was just writing. I didn't hear you come in." Luckily, my diary still sits by the window.

"Okay." She keeps walked to me. "I was just thinking you might want to back some cookies with me? Maybe watch a movie or something." She brushes her fingers through my curls, and I sigh. "We haven't really spent much time together lately. Since you're going to be a working woman soon, I better schedule my time in while I can."

She tries to laugh, but I see the fear dancing behind her words. I feel guilty, but not enough to change my mind. Plus, I know what she's doing and after everything, I need it just as much as she does. I need my best friend. I need normal. "Double chocolate chip?"

"Is there any other kind?"

"Deal."

Mom heads for my door. I follow behind her. As I turn the corner to go into the hallway, I make myself look behind me. Darkness, trees and nothing.

***

"Stop, you goober. I already put the eggs in."

I roll my eyes at Mom. "Goober? Really?"

"You're my goober," she teases. She used to call me that when I was little. I'm not sure why or where it came from, but I had to fight to lose the name when I realized it totally wasn't cool.

"You're a dork." I dip my finger into the batter and lick it clean. "Mmm, I love chocolate."

"Me too. I like it much better as a cookie, though." She smacks my hand. I move to the stove and start scooping chunks of cookie dough onto the cookie sheet. Mom loves to bake. It's not something I'm really into, but it's something we always do together. I like it, spending time with her like this. I imagine all the other girls at school who do stuff like this with their moms and it makes me feel like I'm not so different from them.

"Not so much. You can use almost half the amount you're using," Mom says from beside me.

"Not if I want big cookies."

"You'll have one big cookie and nothing else if you keep using so much." She laughs and I do too. Right now, she doesn't look so worn out. "They're going to spread so they're all touching if you're not careful."

I take a little bit of dough from each of the piles and start using the second cookie sheet. After I put them both in the oven, I turn to her. It's so hard not to ask more questions, but I don't. Right now I just want to forget. Forget the imaginary person outside my window, forget our fights lately and forget everything I've learned. "How's work?"

It's such a lame question but she knows what I meant to say because she replies with, "I missed you more."

Before we get too sentimental, I squeeze her hand and ask, "What do you want to watch?"

It takes us a good twenty minutes to agree on a movie. Of course neither of us throw out any horror titles, but she likes those crime flicks and I'm more of a romantic comedy girl, myself. Finally we decide right as the oven timer goes off. I get the movie set up and sit on the couch. A few minutes later Mom comes in with a big plate of warm, double chocolate chip cookies and two glasses of milk.

As she sits beside me, I smile, forgetting all about the person outside my window. I feel normal.

Chapter Five

It's funny how sometimes you expect things to magically get better when you get talked to by a cute boy-I mean, when something really cool happens. It's embarrassing to admit, but I had this image of walking into school today and suddenly not being the vamp freak. Caleb would ask me to hang-out after school; maybe Stacy would trip and break her nose or something. You know, a cool day.

I know it's not real nice to wish that, but a girl has to get perks somehow, right?

It doesn't really matter what I wish because none of it happens. Caleb walks right by me, like we hadn't had a conversation this weekend. I even smile, maybe inadvertently because who could not smile at Caleb Evans? Still, he walks by me, not even giving me the half broken grin.

Strike one.

Next, The LP doesn't say a word to me all day. Nothing. No little digs in the hall, no laughs, no dirty looks. In fact, Stacy smiles at me twice during Mr. Henry's sleep-inducing lecture.

Smiles and fake niceties are no bueno in the mean girl department. Believe me. I have experience where this is concerned.

Ring!

I jump a little when the bell rings. The scared or maybe smart girl inside me itches to run, but I don't. I pick up my backpack and slowly make my way to the door with the kids who live normal lives. Inside, I'm wondering when it will come. When they'll strike. As much as I don't want to deal with it, I'm feeling a little inspired (or crazed) by my good weekend. Caleb's advice plays again in my head, but this time I'm not taking it in regards to Mom, but my life in general. If I want things to change, if I want to make this last year a little less hellish, I have to make it happen.

This all sounds fine and dandy, but my heart is shaking like a leaf.

I slip out the door and hang a right. A slow right and not the frantic-run-for-my-life kind.

Nothing.

I walk. Hear The LP talk; see the crowd part while their highnesses walk through.

Nothing.

I make it all the way to the tree line before turning around. Still, nada. The optimist inside me starts to glow. Maybe things really are changing for me. Boys, jobs, and no attack of the killer mean girls. Of course, this is ignoring the fact that I'm invisible to Caleb at school, but still.

I let my hands brush against the bark of a tree as I stroll by. Caleb's cabin comes into view. Closer and closer I walk toward it. Anticipation bubbles inside me. Will he come out to talk to me? Do the peak-out-the-window thing as I nonchalantly walk by when really I'm embarrassingly giddy?

Or, maybe I'll blow him off this time. Hell, earlier today, I smiled at him and he completely ignored me. He deserves it.

His house looks dark. The windows and blinds are closed up. My eyes are glued there anyway, wondering if he'll make an appearance.

"Hey, bitch. Took you long enough."

My head snaps toward the voice. Parked in the middle of Caleb's rough road is The LP.

Yep, my life still sucks.

What the hell am I going to do out here? Nerves are attacking me. Stacy has that evil glint in her eye and I'm aware they could definitely pull one of those perfect murders and bury my body out here. I'm sure they'd get away with it too. Silently, I hope my voice is steady. "What do you want?" I stop, leaving space between us.

Stacy huffs. "As if you have to ask? You see, I'm not trash like you, but girls like us, we'd never stoop to your level. Hence the whole woods thing. No one can see it here." She pops her gum. "I'm done playing nice."

"Playing nice?" I blurt. I would hate to see her mean side.

"Yeah." Stacy moves in toward me and her clones follow. My feet practically lift from the ground to run, but I fight it. If I run today, I'll have to keep running. Maybe I'll have to keep running away, but not today. I'm pretty sure getting your butt kicked is some kind of teenage rite of passage anyway. Maybe if they see I'm done running from them, they'll find some other misfit to torture.

Not likely, but still.

I stamp down the fear surging inside me at high tide.

"Aw, isn't it cute? She's got her fists balled up and she's not running." Stacy laughs and Heather joins in.

"I bet she thinks she's a vampire too. Are you going to use your super strength on us?"

My anger multiplies like a disease. The vampire thing is getting old. "Screw you. You're even sadder than I am. Do you sit and play dead when Stacy commands, too?"

If it's possible for a person to actually combust, I'm sure Heather would right now. Her face is bright red like the blueberry girl from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.

"You're such a bitch!" Heather comes at me first, Stacy hanging behind, not even willing to get her hands dirty. Tiffany is right behind Heather.

My heart slam-dances. I'm pretty sure it might explode along with Heather's head. I try not to, but flinch when Heather's fist flies at me. Oh, God. I'm about to get beat up for the first time. But I dodge it. Some hidden strength that has lain dormant inside me for most of my life surges forward. I swing at her, but then Tiffany is grabbing my arms.

In case you didn't know, three on one sucks. Tiffany holds me while the other two come at me looking like really bad cartoon characters. Then, I'm flinching. Not from a punch, but from a piercing, nails on chalkboard sound.

The LP turn and I look forward.

Caleb!

He holds a key against Stacy's Mercedes, a long scratch now marring the side. "It's pretty impossible to tell you how good that felt." He's in all black: pants, hoodie, hair. Everything but his smooth skin and green eyes. Caleb leans against the car, casual as can be. "Don't think I won't do it again."

"You jerk. I'll turn you in!"

Caleb shrugs. "And?"

He's been in trouble before. I remember hearing about it and everyone in town knows about his dad. He's been behind bars a couple times, mostly for drinking and driving.

"Want another scratch to match this one?" He smirks. It's not the same as his broken smile, but I find myself returning it anyway.

Stacy frantically scrambles for her phone. "I'm calling the cops."

"Go for it." Caleb pushes off the car and crosses his arms. "There's one thing you should know, though. My dad is a real paranoid-kind-of-guy. He's always scared someone might try and sneak up on us out here. He even installed cameras. I'm sure I have a few nice shots of you guys trying to kick Abby's ass. I'm pretty sure I'm out of the camera angle though."

Tiffany's arms magically drop away from me. Stacy and Tiffany both step away like they're allergic to me.

"You said we wouldn't get caught!" Tiffany cries.

Stacy looks pale, but still trying to act tough. "He's lying."

"Fuck you, Cavanaugh. I don't give a shit if you believe me or not. Might be more fun if you don't. Actually, it would be. I'd love to see you doing community service."

Hate pulses off Stacy in waves. "Save your little vamp freak friend. See if I care."

Caleb walks toward us. I'm still wondering the hell just happened. I go from my rite of passage fight to getting saved by Caleb. I try to step away from them, when I fly forward. Obviously Heather doesn't care about getting caught as she shoves me in the back. My hands fly out, but one arms buckles and I hit the dirt, my head bouncing off something in the ground. Three years of anger fuels me, making me push to my feet and lunge.

Unfortunately, I don't make it far. I'm dizzy. Head injuries are like that and suddenly the ground is flying at me. Caleb's arms wrap around me, mid-fall. The LP run to Stacy's car, mocking, before jumping inside and driving away.

And he smells good. I know now is not the time to think about that, but this is the first time I've been held by a boy. He's a mixture of earth and guy. Now it's him making me dizzy and not my head. I have the urge to curl into him and sigh. I know, I know, but I can't help it.

"You okay?" Caleb's voice is a little stiff.

"Um, yeah. I think I hit a rock or something, but I'm okay." He feels so warm against me. The urge to nuzzle closer strikes.

"You sure? You're bleeding and you keep sighing. Maybe you hit your head a little harder than you think."

Oh. My. God. I really sighed? I try to jerk away, but another wave of dizziness stops me.

"Chill out. You're going to fall again." His hold on me tightens.

My eyes start to sting. I almost got in a fight with three girls, Caleb had to play Disney movie hero and come to my rescue, I fall and then start swooning like a nutcase. Can things get any worse?

Oh, and if I go home like this? Mom will freak. "Can I use your bathroom real quick? I'm..." Embarrassed, "...feeling a little woozy and need to clean up." And maybe slip through your window before I make a bigger fool of myself.

This time, it's Caleb who looks woozy. He bites his lip and I kind of want to nip it too. I am such a perv! What's wrong with me? "It's okay. You don't have to let--"

"No, I... Shit." He sighs. "I just can't really risk getting in trouble right now."

I don't want him in any trouble over me. "Don't worry about it. Thanks for..." I wave my hand, not even wanting to repeat the suckage that was this afternoon. Automatically, I start to pull away. Caleb's grip stops me.

"No, it's cool. Ignore me. You can come in." The words sound almost painful for him. "Come on. Let's get you inside." Caleb keeps his arm tight around my waist and I take a step. I suck in a breath. "Did I hurt you?"

Stupid, overactive hormones. I look at the ground rather than him. "No." Okay, maybe not the ground, but his hand on my waist. My head is starting to clear a little and it's becoming more obvious that I'm in Caleb's arms. Yeah, I know most girls my age have experienced this, but I'm the vampire girl, remember?

I look at him. Caleb's jaw tightens. Most people probably wouldn't notice it's so slight, but I'm thinking this might not happen very often so I'm engraving every detail in my head. "I'm not trying to put the moves on you or anything. Just figured I'd help so you didn't take a header into the ground again." Hello distance. Caleb's put the wall back up. Or he wants to make sure I know he doesn't want me. I'm pretty sure I could develop a gambling problem because my money is on option two.

"I know!" Gah. I'm yelling at him. "I mean, I know." I fight to keep my voice steady and low. "I wouldn't think you'd hit on me or anything."

He looks at me like he's studying me. Like I'm a puzzle he's trying to figure out. I want to wish him good luck because I'm not sure what's going on with me right now either. I look down at his hand on me again and damn it, my cheeks are on fire.

I hear him chuckle and it only makes me burn more.

"You ready?" he says and I feel a quick squeeze of his hand. Caleb walks me down his driveway. Trying not to make it obvious that I want it to take six months for us to reach his cabin, I walk slowly. A girl's got to get her kicks somehow.

When we reach his rickety stairs he puts his other hand on the opposite side of my waist and leads me up. A little slam of guilt hits me because I'm not dizzy anymore. My legs don't feel rubbery like I could fall, but still I let him hold me.

Caleb manages to hold me and unlock his door at the same time. A second later, we're walking into the darkened cabin.

He turns on a light. All sorts of warmth and tingles dance around inside me when his arm stays in place. I can't believe this is happening. Too good to be true usually means that - Oh my God - It probably isn't true. I'm probably lying outside, bleeding to death from Heather's death push and imagining this whole thing.

"Are you sure you're okay? You look like you're about to pass out on me."

I decide then this can't be a dream. If I were dying and creating this in my head, I wouldn't do stupid things like looking like I'm going to pass out and the sighing earlier. "Yep!" Way too peppy for a dying girl.

"Sorry 'bout the mess," Caleb mumbles.

His cabin is even smaller on the inside than it looks from the outside. We're standing in a small living room with a couch, chair and an old TV sitting on an even older wooden stand. In the corner is a black wood stove. Right across from the living room is a kitchen with a small, two person table that has definitely seen better days. The wood is weathered and faded. I don't see the mess he's talking about, though. His things are old, but not dirty. Everything is in place. "It's not a mess. It looks great!"

"Yeah, real great," Caleb grumbles.

Okay, maybe great wasn't the best word. At least I'm again reassured I'm not dying unless you count from idiotism.

Caleb steps away, but still holds onto me with one arm. "Come on. Sit at the table and I'll get a washcloth."

Oh, I'm hurt. I almost forgot. Whoa, wait. Hold the phone; does he plan on cleaning me up? Engage heart attack.

All thoughts of sneaking out his bathroom window are gone. A near fight with The LP is so worth this. With Caleb's help, I sit down.

His eyes dart around the room like he's looking for something, then he says, "I'll be right back," and stalks down the hallway.

My eyes trace the room. There are no pictures on the walls. No school shots of Caleb through the years. No family portraits. Nothing. Even though it's just me and Mom, my house is full of pictures. Everywhere you look there's some kind of family memorabilia. I never thought about how comforting it is until I saw Caleb's empty walls. My heart starts to ache.

Caleb walks back in the room, not giving me a chance to think about it anymore. He's carrying two washcloths, a bandage and a tube of ointment. He stops walking right in front of me and stares. I can't help but stare back. It's like he has some kind of magical hold on me. I can't ever look away when Caleb is around.

When I look in his eyes, I don't see the boy who gets into fights, who's been suspended, who skips school. And it's not even just good looks I see, I swear. He's vulnerable.

When he drops to his knees in front of me, I smile. Nothing could hold my lips from it right now.

"Um, I'm just gonna wash your face off. That cool?"

Yes, please. "You don't have to. I can do it myself." My voice shakes.

"Nah, I've cleaned up plenty of cuts and scrapes. No biggie."

I try not and look at him while he wipes my face with one of the washcloths. He's not touching my wound so I assume my forehead is dirty. Nice. A bloody, dirty forehead. I love that look.

Caleb puts the rag on the table and uses the other one to clean my wound. It stings a little. Nothing bad, but for some reason the cabin feels thick with pain. I don't really understand it myself, but it does.

Risking a glance at Caleb, I watch him wince as he takes care of me. After he cleans it, he puts the ointment on. Please don't let him hear my heart beating like crazy.

"I washed my hands." He continues to spread the ointment with his finger. It's then I realize how much this boy I hardly know is taking care of me. Then I think about his dad and his reputation. I've never heard anything about his mom so I don't know where she is. I remember his comment about all the wounds he's cleaned. I can't help but wonder whose they were. If they were his, I wonder why no one was there to take care of him.

It doesn't take much time for him to bandage my forehead. He hasn't spoken since he told me he washed his hands. Words won't come out of my mouth, but I know I should say something.

Caleb stands. "I'm going to put this stuff up real quick."

While he's gone I try taking a couple deep, quick breaths to calm myself. It only makes my nerves worse. He glances around his cabin before saying, "I'll walk you home."

At the same time, I say, "Thanks." I smile, he half smiles. "Thanks for the help. Not the walk home. I mean, I would say thanks for the walk, but you don't have to walk me. I do it all the time."

Like he doesn't know that. Gah, what's wrong with me? He sees me walking all the time.

Caleb moves toward the door. "Not anymore, Kitten. Cavanaugh's going to be pissed."

The tingling is back and my mind is fighting over which comment to dissect. The fact that he's making it sound like he plans to walk me home all the time because he doesn't want The LP to bother me or that he called me Kitten. I have no idea why he'd call me that, but it sounds cute and I like it.

Biting the inside of my cheeks, I try not to break into a cheesy smile. I walk out the door. On the way, I see a trashcan on his porch with a half-full pack of cigarettes inside.

Chapter Six

A girl can only have so much back luck, and if I didn't know better I would think I finally reached my peak. I'm still in shock Caleb plans to walk me home today. Yes, Caleb freakin' Evans is meeting me at the line of trees in about forty-five seconds if my calculation is correct.

The icing on my good luck cake? Stacy missed school again today. Which is weird. The queen bee doesn't usually leave her hive unattended so often, but I'm sure she's evilly plotting her revenge or something. That's what mean girls do, right?

See? I totally have good luck. Two boys, absentee bullies and a new job. Of course, that's forgetting the fact that not long ago I was circled by a gang of Lipstick Nazi's, but still.

I push through the door and pretty much skip down the hill. Not literally because I'm not a complete idiot, but it's hard to keep the bounce out of my step.

Quickly, I glance behind me to make sure no one is watching and then pick up my speed a little. Caleb steps out from behind a tree and my stupid heart gets all giddy and dance-y again. Which then makes my even stupider feet start moving too fast and, yep, you guessed it, they get tangled and pretty soon I'm taking my second Caleb-witnessed nose dive into the ground.

I'm calling it a bad luck flashback.

Ignoring the sinking feeling in my chest, I push to my feet. Roll with it, Abbs. Act normal. Not like I have much choice because Caleb's eyes are firmly on me and that ex-sexy, now annoying half-smile is tilting his lips.

Head high, I walk, much more slowly this time until I reach him and up close, annoying is gone and he's sexy again.

"Have a nice trip?" he asks with a smirk.

My cheeks burn which is getting really old. I need to do something about this blushing thing. "Ha, ha. Very funny."

Caleb shrugs and I memorize the way his shoulders rise and fall. "I thought it was."

I try to act like it doesn't bother me that I'm a complete idiot. "Hey, I'm the one with the comedy hour, remember? Stop trying to be funny." Hmm, pretty good. I'm proud of myself considering most of the time, it's hard to talk in complete sentences around him.

"You definitely provide the entertainment."

I reach out and smack his arm, surprising myself. Wow. When did I become so good with boys? "Whatever."

He turns and starts walking through the woods. I file in beside him, running different sentences through my head like crazy, vetoing all the really lame ones. Okay, so maybe I'm not good with boys yet, but I'm working on it.

Pretty soon the sound of our feet shuffling through the leaves starts echoing so loudly I fear I might go insane. I say the first thing that pops into my head. "What's your last class? You always seem to get home early and today, you beat me down here."

He shrugs again. It's like his trademark or something.

"Open period."

There's more to it than that. The only people who have open periods are those who have enough credits to graduate without them. Usually that's saved for the honor roll kids who took extra credits during the first few years. No offense to Caleb, but he doesn't strike me as the type. My tongue is begging me to ask, but I don't. Didn't need a secret decoder ring to figure out the topic is closed for him.

I wrack my brain for something else to say a little disappointed he took the wind out of my sails, when I remember what I had wanted to tell him the other day. "I got a job! Tonight's my first night." Gabe pops into my head. Oh, and this really cute guy might come and see me! Somehow, I didn't think Caleb would care about that and for some reason; I don't want him to know anyway.

Caleb turns and squints as if confused. "You sound happy 'bout that."

"Um, hello? Of course I'm happy about it. I'll be making money, get to prove to my mom that..." Umm, I need to hit a dead end of that one, "that I can handle it. This is a big deal for me. For Mom, too. This is a good thing, Caleb." Caleb. Caleb. His name feels good on my tongue.

He laughs. "If you say so. Hope you didn't do this because of what I said, though."

"No." I'm pretty sure it's not cool to lie to your dream guy, but I'm trying to save face. He's looking a little sick to his stomach that I might do something he said. A little bit of my excitement cracks. I thought he'd understand. "Things are different for me. Like I told you...my mom, she's totally overprotective. This is for, like, freedom or something." I shrug. "Maybe it's kind of stupid, but..."

Caleb stops walking and grabs my hand. Engage overreaction. My whole body tingles. It's like I feel him everywhere.

"Hey, I didn't mean that you're stupid. It's pretty cool you got a job." He pulls his hand away and starts walking.

Hello? That's it? A guy can't just grab a girl's hand and walk away. Not when she has a secret crush on him. And what's with the whole walking away thing anyway? How can he say something like that and pretend it didn't happen? And guys say girls are hard to understand? Yeah, right.

Or maybe I'm just upset because I miss his touch. The feel of his warm hand snaked around mine. How it spread up my arm and throughout my body. I bite my cheeks. I just held Caleb freakin' Evan's hand!

"What are you smiling at?" His voice sounds a little gruff.

Oops. Looks like I didn't bit my cheeks hard enough. "I...don't...know?" Nice. Real creative, Abbs.

He chuckles.

Well, at least I make him laugh. That's a good thing, right?

We're almost through the woods by now, which means our walk is almost over. I really want to slow my pace, but the last thing I want is to risk being late for my first day of work.

"So, where ya working?"

Oh! He started the conversation for the first time today. This is looking up. "Sampson's Diner. I'm bussing tables. I went to that tree after I got it so I could tell you, but you never showed. Then, I ran into this guy--" I stop dead when I realize what I just did. Great. He's going to think I'm a stalker or something!

Caleb stops walking too. The lines of his face are hard as he scowls at me. "You what?"

Oh no! He does think I'm a stalker! "I just...I didn't mean to be all weird or anything. I wanted to tell you about the job since we'd talked about my proving I didn't need a babysitter and all that. Sorry if--" I cut off. Sorry if what? I didn't know what to say.

Caleb gives me another one of his confused looks. "Huh? I don't mind you telling me about the job, Kitten." He shakes his head like he's irritated by his own words, but I'm in too much of a trance because he called me Kitten again.

"I'm just curious about who you saw in the woods, that's all. It's usually pretty lonely around here." He's looking around like he expects someone else to be there.

I kind of forget about the name thing and wonder why he's lonely. Is he not close with his dad? "Um, some guy named Gabe. He's new in town and we ran into each other. He's pretty cool though. He walked me home."

We reach the stop sign where I'd stopped with Gabe and Caleb both on the days they walked me home. I stop again. Going any closer risks Mom seeing him. I'd never live it down if mom gave one of them a vampire lecture or something. I clap my hands together. "Well, thanks for walking me home." Could I be any lamer?

He ignores me and asks, "How are you getting to work?" He's looking around like he's expecting something.

"My mom's car."

Caleb nods his head. "Good. Be careful, okay? I'm not sure if Cavanaugh and her shadows will give you a hard time again and..." he spaces off for a second, obviously running over the words in his head. "There's just weird shit. You never know, so yeah...be careful."

My pulse flutters. I want to jump up and down screaming, he likes me, he likes me! He must, right? In some way at least, if he's worried. "I will." I turn to walk away, but Caleb grabs my hand again.

"Meet me here in the morning around 7:30 and I'll walk you to school."

Aaaand, here's the heart attack I've feared lately. He wants to walk me to school? I nod yes, not trusting my voice. It isn't until he walks away that I really think about what he said. I turn and watch him go. See that back of his head as he shakes it and runs a hand through his hair. All I can think about is Caleb is coming completely out of his way to meet me, only to have to turn around and backtrack to walk me to school.

Sigh.

***

I ride a Caleb high for the first three hours of my shift. I see his face while I wipe down tables, remember his laugh when a male customer laughs and when someone grabs my wrist as I walk by, I immediately think of the feel of his warm, calloused hand. Rough hands are hot. Who would have thought?

And then he walks in. Not Caleb, but Gabe, and it's pretty strange, because his smile kind of pushes Caleb's to the background. They're playing tug-o-war inside me, fighting for control of my thoughts.

I guess that's what happens with a girl suddenly gets the attention of two boys. Lucky me! I think...

My lips stretch into a smile when I see he's wearing the same coat from the other day. Can he smell me on it the way I smelled him? Probably not since I only wore it for a few minutes. My heart jumps a little when he sits in the empty booth beside the one I'm cleaning, while saying a little thanks to God that I talked Mom out of driving me to work and drinking coffee in the diner until I get off.

"Hey," he says and I'm embarrassed to admit it makes me tingly.

"Hey."

"Having a good first day at work?"

I set a cup into the dish bin. "Oh yeah. Especially all the dirty dishes." My hands never stop clearing the table while I talk to him, not willing to risk getting in trouble my first day at work. Which is a bummer, because I want nothing more than to give him my complete attention. "Are you liking Karma so far?" It is a totally lame question because who could enjoy this town?

"Yeah, except I'm pretty bored. It's hard not knowing many people. I've looked forward to seeing you."

I drop a plate and it makes a loud clanking sound. Go me. Not. How does he say things like that without a hint of shyness? I decide to give it a try because this is the new me, right? "I'm happy to see you, too." I glance around the room and see Liz Sampson watching us. Disappointment buries its claws inside me. Great. My job is already screwing up my newfound social life. "I can't really talk though. I don't want to get in trouble." It wasn't as if the restaurant was busy or anything. Besides Gabe there were only three other tables occupied.

Gabe's gaze shifts behind me. I don't have to look to know he spotted Liz too. He watches her for a minute before looking back at me. "I understand. What time do you get off? Maybe we can hang-out."

My pulse rate sky-rockets. Oh. My. God. Is he asking me on a date? No. Dates take plans right? Obviously I have no experience here. Shut up, shut up, shut up! I'm even annoying myself right now. Thankfully he can't hear what's going on in my head. "I..." Can't...

Excitement drains out of me like all the old people in here drain Liz Sampson's coffee pot. I can't go out with him after work unless I want Mom out scouring the streets with a vamp-killing tools. I'd be the only girl in the world whose mom stakes the boy on their first date. "I'm sorry, but I can't. Lots of homework to do."

Gabe looks behind me again. Did I upset him? Does he think I don't want to hang-out?

"Abby." Liz calls from the kitchen door. "When you're done with that table, I want you to spend the rest of the night in back getting caught up on the dishes."

"Excuse me. Can I get my check?" One of the customers asks Liz.

I hurry with the rest of the dishes realizing the job I was really excited about might actually put a cramp in my blooming social life. Who would have thought? "I have to go. Um, I'm really glad you came in."

Gabe nods at me, but doesn't reply. I sigh as I pick up the dish bin and head to the kitchen. It's really weird how the kitchen is set up because the dishwasher is in the back. I will have to haul all the dishes from the font of the kitchen before I can wash them. I take a couple bins back before the cook, Richard, waddles up to me. I bite back a smile. He's a tiny guy with a big butt and equally large feet.

"We're slow tonight. Nothing to cook so I'm going to head up front and visit for a while. Yell if you need anything."

O-kay. My first night of work and I'm shoved in the back all by myself. Nice.

I hear the door close and it's eerily quiet back here. I'm wishing someone would have told me how incredibly boring freedom could be. With a sigh I start in on the overwhelming mound of dishes, wondering if they didn't wash any all-day just so I'd have to do them all tonight. I'm humming a little, wondering if Gabe is still out front or if I chased him away. I didn't tell him I wished I could hangout with him. I should have told him that.

A breeze skates over my skin, interrupting my thoughts. A chill runs the length of my spine. Slowly, I'm not quite sure why, but I turn to the door and jump. "Oh my God! Gabe, what are you doing back here?"

"I'm always scaring you," he says as if that answers my question. And then he smiles. It's so different than Caleb's smile. Where Caleb's is kind of vulnerable except the rare time he really laughs. It's like he has to get it out because he knows he won't laugh again for a while so he savors it and really let's go. With Gabe, it's practiced, but sweet in its own right.

"Seriously. What are you doing back here? You're going to get me fired." He's standing in the door that leads to the back alley.

He leans against the doorjamb. "You won't. I'll make sure if it. The door's loud so if we hear anyone coming I'll sneak out. We don't have to worry about it though, it's dead up there and they're all sitting around talking." He's lingering like he's waiting for me to tell him to go or stay, which is pretty sweet.

My eyes find the front of the kitchen and of course no one is there. I look back and forth between Gabe and the front before saying, "I guess you can stay. It's lonely back here by myself anyway, but we have to be quiet and if you hear anyone, seriously run. I can't get into trouble."

He smiles again. "You won't, Abigail. I promise." He's so sure it makes me believe it too.

Gabe slips inside, leaving the door propped open. He doesn't come in far, just a few feet closer to me. For the first couple minutes neither of us speaks. My hands are a little shaky and not just because of him. It's embarrassing, but I've never really been in trouble and I don't want to start now.

I turn and start in on the dishes. At least I'll do one thing I'm supposed to. The air feels a little charged. I almost feel like I'm supposed to say something, but I don't know what. The silence with Gabe is so different than it is with Caleb. One isn't better than the other...just different. Stop comparing them, you weirdo.

"Are you uncomfortable? I can go."

My head snaps to him. I wring my hands together, trying not to make it so obvious that I'm freaking out a little here.

He turns back toward the door again and looks just as confused as I feel. His eyes squint and he stands, straight and tense.

"No!" I roll my eyes at myself. "Okay, probably shouldn't yell, right? Don't go though. It's not you. I'm just not really used to--" Nice. I need to learn when to keep my mouth shut. What can I say here that doesn't make me look like a loser? Not used to breaking many rules? Not used to hanging out with cute boys? "I don't really have a lot of guy friends," I say lamely.

"I find that hard to believe. What about the guy you were waiting for in the woods?"

My heart sputters a bit. Did I tell him I was waiting for Caleb? I must have, otherwise he wouldn't know. It picks up its regular beat again. "That's kind of a new thing too."

Gabe stands up straighter and I realize how tall he is. "Good. I'm glad to know he doesn't have much of a head start on me."

Then he winks. Winks! And I'm left wondering about this head start he's talking about. My grip on the plate in my hand tightens just for something to do.

"Great, now I've freaked you out again." Gabe throws his hands in the air.

"No, I'm not freaked. I'm just..." I don't know what makes me do it, but I decide for honesty here. "I'm way out of my league here. Not scared, just shocked. I've had a wild couple of days." I smile at him.

"Anything you want to talk about?"

No, definitely not. My honesty wasn't stretching toward Mom's crazy fantasy and The LP torturing me.

Gabe's lips stretch into a tight, straight line. "How did you get the bruise on your head?"

I touch my face with soapy hands. Ugh, how could I forget about that?

"Oh, I fell. Not a big deal."

He's quiet so I'm quiet, trying to figure out what the big deal is. Gabe's eyes dart to the door and mine follow.

"I need to get going. I'll try and stop in tomorrow night."

Gabe turns and slips out the door just as Richard steps in the front.

"You almost done in here, kiddo? Your mom's out here waiting for ya."

Gabe and his sudden weirdness and all other thoughts are replaced with anger. I'm going to kill her.

Chapter Seven

I sit in the passenger seat of Mom's car. My muscles are tight. So tight it's hard for me to move. Why is it that every time things start to go well, every time I feel normal, reality pushes its way through and ruins it for me? "Mom! I can't believe you! You promised I could do this." Heat rolls over me, but a completely different kind of heat than what I feel around Caleb or Gabe. This is full-fledged anger burning its way through me.

"You are doing this, Abigail. I let you get the job. I let you drive yourself there. That's all that matters."

Her words shock me into action and I lurch forward, hitting the interior light in the car. And, I hope she gets pulled over for driving with it on too. "Pfft, hardly. It doesn't count if you walk to the freakin' restaurant and wait for me to get off, just so you can drive me home. I mean, what if a vampire fell from a tree and attacked you or something? You know how unsafe it is for an adult woman to walk by herself after dark."

Mom gasps, but I can't find it in myself to regret my sarcasm.

"I'm sure a vampire would have better balance than to fall though."

Her stance becomes as stiff as mine, her knuckles fading to white as she squeezes the steering wheel. "Watch your mouth, young lady."

That's about the lamest saying ever. "Why? Where's it going?"

She whips the car into our driveway, immediately killing the engine. "I will not accept you talking like that to me. You can be angry all you want, but I am still your mom and what I say goes."

"And you say, what? That my mommy has to wait until I get off work every night? Maybe they can give you a job too so you don't have to leave me in the kitchen by myself. You know, what if the vampires get hungry and want some of Liz Sampson's potato soup? Oh wait; they'll want my neck and not soup, won't they?" We've never fought like this. There's a voice inside me, begging me to stop, reminding me this is Mom, and no matter what, I've always stuck by her, but my anger quiets it.

I flinch when her hand flies forward and smacks me across the face. Immediately, she pulls back, her hand shaking as she says, "Oh, God. Abby, I'm so sorry."

My face stings. Tears flood my eyes, washing away the anger and letting the hurt seep through. "I just want to be normal. I can't do things normal teenagers do. I don't have friends, sleepovers, or go to dances. I just want..." I swipe at one of the tears. "I just want to be like everyone else." They're truths, all of them, falling from my mouth. Truths I've never told her before.

"You're not like everyone else, Abby, and that's my fault, but there's nothing I can do about it. I'm trying here."

As always, her words don't make sense, because I know even with my truths, she's continuing to hide. "Try harder." I slam the car door behind me.

***

I make it to the stop sign ten minutes early, having missed Mom who also left early, only to see Caleb is already there waiting for me. My eyes are scratchy, because I spent most of the night unable to sleep. Better not tell Mom that. You know, nocturnal and undead go hand in hand. I can't imagine what she'd think if her little girl started getting nightly habits.

But more importantly than all that, my eyes are freakin' itchy which means they probably look all tired and half dead on the first day Caleb Evans is walking me to school. I love my life. Not.

"Hey. You look tired."

Guys really know how to make a girl feel good. That would never be the first thing out of a girl's mouth. Hey, you look like crap today. Just thought you might want to know! But him, of course he looks delicious all rumpled and messy. Another thing boys could get away with, we can't. On a guy, it's sexy, but for a girl, we're letting ourselves go and at the tender age of seventeen, no less! "Just the look I'm going for," I mumble, but apparently loud enough for him to hear. Open mouth, insert foot. Another motto of mine.

Caleb pushes his hands in his pocket at starts walking. At least he has the conscience to look sheepish about it, even if it's in a 'whatever' kind-of-way.

I fall into step beside him, my arm brushing his. After jerking away, I totally realize I'm walking to school with Caleb. Caleb's walking to school with me. Actually, Caleb's walking me to school. Maybe I kind of love some parts of my life.

"So..." he kicks a rock, and I figure it's his way of giving himself time to think of something to say. Gabe's different that way. You can tell he's much more comfortable in his skin than Caleb is and though confident guys are hot, the vulnerability in Caleb makes me feel all gooey inside like a warm, chocolate chip cookie. "Have trouble sleeping last night?"

"You can say that. Mom issues again."

"That sucks."

"Eh, it's not your fault. I'm getting used to it by now. We've always gotten along, but lately, things are just different." I don't know why, I say these things to him. He has the power to suck them out of me, when in my head; I worry about sounding like one of those damaged girls who are too much work. Which I am, damaged and probably a lot of work with the whole vampire thing, but I shouldn't make it so obvious to him.

"Things always change. Nothing we can do about it."

It's strange how he sometimes sounds so much older than he is. Like he's so much more put together, but doesn't want anyone to know. Just like my little confessions sneak out, his maturity hides in his words.

"So, that's it though? The only reason you couldn't sleep?" He looks at me, like my answer's important, which I translate into my imagination because why would how I sleep matter?

"Yeah. I can't sleep when I'm mad. I so don't feel like going to school and dealing with the LP though."

"The LP?" He chuckles.

Why am I so good at making myself look like an idiot? "Um, yeah. It's what I call Stacy and her friends. The whole matching lipstick-thing freaks me out so I call them the Lipstick Posse. LP for short."

"Huh, not bad. Fits them." Caleb shrugs. "So, if you don't want to go to school, why are you going?"

"Well, my mom comes home for lunch most days, so that might prove a little tricky. I could do the whole fake-sick-thing, but then I'd have her worrying about me and I'm too mad for that right now. There's nowhere else to go."

Caleb opens his mouth, then closes it again. Shakes his head, before giving me this wicked smile I've never seen him give to anyone, much less to me. It's a carefree, mischievous smile and though I'm sure he does mischievous well, he doesn't do carefree. "Wanna ditch?"

"Yeah," I shrug trying to hide my virgin-skipping status. As if I skip all the time. "But like I said, I don't have anywhere to go. "Plus, school is lame, but I'd be bored hanging out by myself all day anyway."

Caleb squints is green eyes at me. "Um, no, dork. I meant do you want to skip with me?"

Gah! I'm such a noob. My heart starts malfunctioning again. Skip school? With Caleb? As in spending the whole day alone with him? Sign me up! But then the guilt starts wedging its way in to my happy little fantasy. Mom would kill me. But again...the whole day with Caleb! Maybe I misheard him. "Skip school with you?"

Caleb scratches his neck, looking over at me. "You don't have to. It's just an offer. I'm up for bailing on that whole scene any time I can."

I think about Mom and how she totally ruined last night for me. About how I just want to get back at her. She won't let me drive home alone? Well, I won't go to school then. Of course... I don't want her to find out about it though.

"Never mind."

"No! I do!" I yell at him, looking like the freak show I am. "I mean, yeah. Sounds cool. Where would we go?"

"You know that little wood box you walk by every day? It's called a house. I'm always there because it happens to be mine."

My arm swings and I hit him with the back of my hand. "Shut up. What about your parents?"

"It won't be a problem." His words are tense as the ones spoken between Mom and me last night. But more than that, his eyes look sad. They close halfway and I know I shouldn't be thinking it right now, but he's gorgeous. All messy hair, eyes pointed downward, but such a strong face. I want to touch him. I mean, I always want to touch him, but even more so right now.

His eyes finally meet mine and I realize we've stopped walking. "It's no biggie. If you don't want to, we'll just go to school. It's just an offer and I don't want to push you into something you don't wanna do."

This is it. My chance for the things I told Mom I want. Normal. But more than that, it's my chance to know Caleb. And hopefully find someone to know me too. Not the girl with the vampire obsessed mom version, but the real me. "You're not pushing me into anything. Let's do it."

He looks a little sick by my confirmation. Was it just a polite question? He really didn't want to ditch with me today, but he only asked to be nice?

"You sure? I know you don't really do this kind of thing. Would probably be smarter, anyway."

Like always, I'm confused by his words. "I'm sure...unless you changed your mind or something. I mean, it's cool." Really, it's not. Why did I think this would happen?

Caleb sighs, then rubs his temples. "Sorry, I didn't get my sleep last night either. Not feeling so hot. If you're game, I am too." I nod. "Come on. Let's get outta here." Caleb heads toward the woods and I walk behind him, smiling.

"Last chance," Caleb says as we walk up his porch stairs a few minutes later. He shrugs like he doesn't care one way or another, but there's something in his eyes that makes me feel like he's pleading with me to say yes.

Or, it could just be a mental breakdown on my part. I can see the headlines now: Girl goes crazy when she thinks a boy might be interested in her.

"Jeez, you act like you're trying to save my soul or something."

His eyes close again and I know I've just said the worst possible thing. Which I don't get. Is it because of his reputation? "Maybe I am."

I roll my eyes. "Whatever."

Caleb pushes the door open and tilts his head like he's telling me to go in. I walk inside, stopping in the doorway, not sure where to go.

"Throw your backpack anywhere and sit down."

I set it by the door before sitting on the couch. Caleb goes straight for the kitchen and comes back with two cokes. "I know my house isn't much and I don't have cable, but there are tons of movies. We can watch one if you want."

"Sure." I tell him to choose and he picks some loud, action movie, which I don't pay attention to. The whole two hours I can't stop my eyes from darting between Caleb sitting on the other side of the couch and the TV so he won't notice I'm staring at him. His hands are bigger than mine. One rests on the couch between us. They're veiny, a little calloused, with short nails. God, do I want to hold it. I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm becoming totally boy-crazed, but I can't help it. Caleb taps his fingers on the couch, his eyes trained ahead on the movie, while I'm having a hard time even focusing on breathing.

Before I know it, the credits are rolling. "Good?" he asks.

"Yeah! I loved it!"

Caleb laughs. "You're a pretty good actress."

I laugh too. "Whatever. I enjoyed myself." Watching you...

A shiver slides over me. "Are you cold?" he asks, and I am. It was cloudy this morning and his cabin feels colder than it did outside.

"Yeah. I'm always cold."

"I'll make a fire. Be right back."

Not wanting him to leave, I say, "You don't have to go through all that trouble. Maybe just turn on the heater for a few minutes to take the edge off, and I'll be fine."

Caleb pushes off the touch anyway. "Don't have heat."

My cheeks burn for a different reason this time. I can't even keep tally marks on how many dumb things I've said today. "Sorry."

Caleb heads out, and comes back in a few minutes later with his arms full of wood. My eyes don't leave him while he starts the fire.

"Are you hungry?"

Now I know there are those girls out there who don't eat in front of a boy. I've never really had it come up, but my stomach growling proves to me I'm not one of those girls. "Yeah."

Caleb walks in the kitchen and opens a small fridge. I try and peek around him to look inside, but I can't.

"Okay so we have sandwiches. Or...lunchmeat and cheese..."

"So basically sandwiches?"

He tosses a glance over his shoulder and it's another one of those carefree, mischievous looks. "Basically."

"Sounds good to me." I offer to help, but Caleb only grunts a no, so I sit at the same table I sat at when he cleaned my wound. So crazy. I still can't believe Caleb Evans played nurse for me. It's enough to make a girl swoon.

We don't talk much while we eat: Caleb just because he's quiet and me because I'm afraid I have food in my teeth. When we're done, I take both our plates and rinse them off, before putting them in the dish rack. Then, there's that silence that always warns of an idiot-Abby moment. I don't know what to say and either he feels the same or he just doesn't feel like talking, but I'm starting to feel nervous, the whole reality of this day reviving itself inside me.

I feel that familiar pitter-patter of my heart, which excites the butterflies and before you know it, I'm psycho again. "So..." Don't say anything stupid... Don't say anything stupid... Figuring my legs could use a stretch from the whole ten minutes we sat at the table, I start circling his small living room. "No pictures?"

"Huh?" He looks at me like I'm an alien with two heads.

"Pictures. You guys don't like to take family pictures? Mom is crazy about them. She takes photos of every occasion. I swear there isn't a corner of my house that doesn't have some kind of lame picture of me." I should have shut up like two sentences ago. My face heats.

"You blush a lot." Totally ignored my question, but I don't call him on it. Instead my body heat goes up more. "Why are you embarrassed now? All I said is you blush a lot and you look like you're going to explode over there, Kitten." Caleb stands. "You don't have to be shy around me. I'm nothing special."

To me he is something special. He took care of The LP when I needed him, offered to walk me to and from school, and when no one else wants to be caught dead with me, he invites me here. But I can't say that. "I don't know why I'm like perma-red around you. I guess it's because I've never had a boyfriend before." As soon as the words slip from my mouth, I want run. Run from his cabin and sew my annoying, flapping lips closed so I never say something stupid again. "I did not mean boyfriend, boyfriend. I meant, boy that's a friend. You know. Boy-friend. Like, you know, a guy I hang-out with." Shut up!

Caleb opens his mouth and I'm ready to get kicked out of his cabin and asked not to come back. Freak show, remember? See, I don't even need vampires to make me crazy. But he doesn't kick me out, instead a loud, boisterous laugher rolls out. Honestly I never would have thought he could laugh so hard and part of me wants to sit back and enjoy the sound, but the logical part of me knows he's laughing at me which makes it not-so-cute anymore. "I'm glad you think I'm funny."

"I'm not laughing at you."

"Could have fooled me." I pout and right now, I'm not even embarrassed about it.

"I'm not laughing at you... I'm laughing with you?"

I tighten my frown and scowl with my eyes. "Okay, so not with you, but still, not at you either."

I feel my features start to soften. How can I stay mad at him? But then he opens his mouth and I realize I can be hurt at least. "You know we're just friends, right? I'm not trying to sound like a prick, but... there's just too much shit going on right now."

I know this...of course I know it, but his words still stake me in the chest. So much so, I can't even smile at my own pun. "Yeah." I try and wave him off but really, I just want to cry. It slams everything else back home again. "How about we forget everything I said in the last five minutes though? Actually, can we start over from lunch?"

Caleb gives me his half-smile. "Yeah, I think we can."

Chapter Eight

We leave his house about ten minutes after school got out so I'd get home about the same time. Like he did the day before, Caleb walks me to the stop sign about a block away from my house. As if he knows I don't want him to walk me any further, he stops. "Thanks for contributing to my delinquency today," I try for a joke and either I suck at it, or Caleb is really freaked out about me becoming a delinquent, because he drops his head back and shakes it. "Yeah, still working on the whole joke thing." I make a second attempt.

Now, he's shaking his head, but somehow it's a lighter shake. His lips aren't tense and I think I might have made him happy. Go me! "You're officially a juvenile delinquent. Welcome to the club."

Caleb isn't a delinquent. A week ago, I would have said he is, but not now. "Whatever." I roll my eyes a little proud of myself that I'm actually pulling off this totally-comfortable-around-you-thing when my insides are really melting. As much as I hate it, I say, "I better get going. I don't want to be late for work tonight." If I'm still allowed to go, that is.

I start to walk away, but he reaches out and grabs my arm to stop me. Okay, I know I'm a little loony, but as he's turning me, I see it all in my head, like it's a movie. He spins me toward him, pulling me tightly against him. I melt into him and sigh as he looks at me with that tortured look of his and says, "I tried to stay away from you, but I just can't." And then he kisses me and we really do become one. Our tongues tangle together, Caleb's hand running through my hair. My whole body feels as though it could explode and I fear I might. Caleb is kissing me!

"Did you hear me?"

His words snap me back into reality like an elastic band. He's not kissing me. I'm not in his arms. And I'm officially a pervert. "Huh?" My voice sounds grainy.

Caleb scratches his head. "The woods." He's mumbling and I can tell he's embarrassed by what he's saying. "Can you just...not go out there by yourself? I'm having these weird...I've heard strange..."

I want to tell him to pick a sentence and go with it, because the longer I stay out here, I risk my vampire-loving mom seeing us, but I can tell this is important to him, so I don't. He's struggling to say whatever he's trying to say. I know what that feels like. "Sure."

"Huh?"

"Sure," I shrug. I'm not going to lie and say I'm not curious about the why's of it, but I know there's things I feel funny talking about, so why would I make him do it? "It's kind of freaky out there by myself anyway. If I were you, I'd never want to be home without my parents."

Caleb touches my face. I swear I almost go into convulsions as his fingers brush my cheek. There's nothing I want more than to lean into him, but it's like I'm frozen.

"Thanks." He jerks his hand back, almost like he just realized he touched me. Then he steps around me, hands shoved into his pockets he's walking away.

Caleb Evans is going to be the death of me.

***

My day comes crashing down when I walk in the front door to Mom standing here waiting for me. Oh no! She knows. My first time skipping and I get caught. Totally like me. "Um, hi," I say. Even though I'm mad at her, I smile, hoping it draws her attention from the tattoo on my forehead that says, 'I skipped school'.

"Can I talk to you for a minute?"

"Sure." Please don't let me get in trouble. Please don't let her make me quit my job.

"I want to apologize for last night. You have to understand this isn't easy for me, Abbs, but I know you're getting older, and I can't keep you under my thumb forever."

I'm shocked stupid by her words. She's sorry? It feels like we're saying that a lot lately and I hate it. "Mom."

She holds up her hand. "This doesn't mean it's okay to speak to me the way you did last night. I won't allow that, Abigail, but I am sorry and you're taking the car to work tonight. I promise I won't come down there. You've never let me down before, and I'm trying to make myself remember that."

Guilt socks me in the stomach. Mom is finally giving me the respect I crave and it has to be the first time in my life I did something wrong. Karma really does hate me. "Thanks, Mom. I'll be home by nine-thirty every night. I know the dangers and the rules. I promise I'll be careful."

Mom gives me a weak smile, so I walk forward and hug her tightly. "I'll be okay. Thanks for trusting me." My grip loosens, before I pull away completely. There's no way I can hold back the huge smile on my face as I race to my room to get changed for work.

I think about Caleb the whole time I bus tables. Yeah, I know I did the same thing my first night, but this feels different. Now, I remember the feel of his hand on me. How he looked when he asked me not to go into the woods alone. That has to mean he cares, right? But why doesn't he want me out there? It doesn't make any sense. But...he cares, right?

And I obviously need a life since I haven't stopped thinking about him. Over and over the same thoughts run through my head. The only reprieve is when I thought I saw Gabe outside, but he never came in, so I assume it wasn't him after all.

As I look at the clock to see it's seven, Liz comes up beside me. "Things are a little slower than usual, Abby, so I'm going to let you off at eight instead of nine for the next few weeks."

"Okay." I'm a little bummed. My second day of work and my hours are already getting cut? Why did she hire me then?

"Things will pick up again. They always do," she tells me. "Why don't you spend the last hour getting caught up on dishes?"

I start the dish water and wonder what I'm going to do with my free hour. Well... not a lot to wonder, really. It's just another hour to spend at home. I turn on the sprayer and start the mountain of dishes in front of me when I hear a soft rapping on the door. Gabe. When he didn't come in earlier, I didn't think he'd show. I know it's only a matter of time before he starts meeting people around Karma and our little get-togethers will stop. Which is a bummer, because I like him.

The rapping starts again, so I peek around the corner toward the front of the restaurant to be sure no one is there. After confirming I'm alone, I open the backdoor a sliver.

Just because I don't believe in vampires doesn't mean I'm just opening this door all the way without know who is on the other side.

"Abigail?"

I recognize the smooth tone of Gabe's voice. "Yeah." I pull the door open further. "Hey. I didn't think you were coming tonight."

"Sorry, I had a few things I needed to take care of. Is it okay if I come in and talk again?"

With one more glance over my shoulder, I motion for him to come in. I'm becoming a regular rebel! Sneaking people in the restaurant and skipping school. Who would have thought?! "I'm blaming you if I get in trouble."

Gabe steps inside, leaving the door slightly propped open again. "I would never do anything to get you in trouble. I promise you, nothing will happen.

I start on the dishes again half in awe by his confidence, but the other half a realist. "You shouldn't make promises you can't keep." So he knows I'm kidding, I wink at him.

"I'm not."

Cue eye roll. Men. They think they know everything. Of course, I hope he's right, but I know there's no way he can make that statement. "Oh, guess what? I get off at 8:00 for the next few weeks. I guess it's kind of cool, but really, just means I'll be bored earlier."

"And washing dishes is fun?"

"No, but being home is worse."

"You shouldn't go home, then. At least you know people around here. I'm bored all day long with nowhere to go. Now, you'll see how I feel."

His words lit a light bulb inside me. Mom thinks I'm getting off at 9:00 every night, but I'm getting off at 8:00! I can do whatever I want! It's not as if I have anything to really do, but I have that freedom.

It would kill her if she finds out. I'm finally getting some kind of freedom, but something in my belly just doesn't feel right about lying to her though.

What will it hurt to take one teeny, tiny hour and run with it? I won't cause any trouble. Maybe hang-out with Caleb or Gabe. What could go wrong?

"You're awfully quiet over there. I obviously did something wrong again, but I can't figure out what it is this time. You remind me how rusty I am with people. Hard to have friends when you're home schooled."

I suck in a deep breath. It's like he said the perfect thing because I feel the same way. I'm always screwing up with people and I don't have home schooling as an excuse like he does. We're more alike than I realize as he stands there, staring at me. "You, um, you never really had many friends?"

Storm clouds darken his blue eyes. "Nope. My parents were too busy with their parties and people much more important than me. The housekeeper was-is my teacher. She's the only one who gives a shit about me. Especially when I started getting into trouble. They definitely didn't," he shakes his head, "I don't know what's wrong with me. They don't want anything to do with me since that."

My heart breaks a little for him. No matter what, I've always known Mom loves me. From the sound of it, he doesn't even have that. For some reason, I need a minute so I turn toward the sink and work on the dishes. After what felt like only half a minute, but could have been longer because I'm somehow almost done with the dishes, Gabe speaks. "Listen, I know for some reason you're not completely comfortable hanging out with me. But I like talking to you. One night, one hour, that's all I'm asking."

"No! I'm not uncomfortable spending time with you, Gabe. I want to. My mom's a little overprotective though. She doesn't really like me out at night by myself..." But I'm not going to be by myself. I'm going to be with a friend. And like I told her earlier, I know the rules. He needs a friend, and I know how that feels. There's no way I'm walking away tonight. "I can't go far and we have to be sure I'm home exactly when I would have been if I stayed at work."

He smiles at me and it gives me a case of the warm and fuzzies. Now, I'm apparently not only a pervert, but a slut too, because for the first time, Gabe makes me feel like Caleb does.

"I'll take care of you. Your mom won't suspect a thing."

This rebel thing is kind of fun.

Giddy, I glance at the clock. Yikes! It's already 7:45. "I need to hurry and finish these dishes if I want to get off in time."

Gabe takes off his jacket, and pushes up the sleeves on his dark, button-up, expensive-looking shirt. "Scoot over. We'll get these knocked out in no time."

I might have squeed a little inside.

Chapter Nine

My hands are shaky as I open the passenger door for Gabe. It's weird seeing a guy in Mom's tiny car. She's never dated and of course I never got to know my dad.

"Is there somewhere you want to go?" Gabe asks me.

My answer is embarrassing. "No... I don't really know where we should go." I know there are places people my age go, but the last thing I want to do is risk seeing the LP somewhere. "You?"

"New in town, remember?" He crosses his arms. "Hmm, I have an idea."

I'm a little shocked when Gabe tells me to drive to the parking lot of the grocery store. It only takes a few minutes and on his instruction, I park under a street lamp that's out of the way, but not completely isolated. What are we doing here? My thoughts must show on my face because Gabe immediately answers my question.

"We don't want to go anywhere completely public and risk seeing someone who might mention to your mom they saw you. I thought you might not want to go anywhere completely private either, so this is all I could come up with."

I feel like an idiot. Like he has to wear his kid gloves with me because I'm the girl with no friends. "I wouldn't have minded somewhere private."

Gabe smiles. "I guess I'm being a gentleman for no reason, then."

We both laugh. The urge to ask him more about his parents and his life bubbles inside me, but I'm not sure how to bring it up. I'm apparently not very good at this friend thing. But he just seems so different. Like he's seen so much and I wonder if it's because of the way he grew up. He said he's eighteen though. Shouldn't he have graduated by now, or if he does this year, is he leaving afterward?

"Want to play a game?" His blue eyes glint in the interior light and I notice the darker blond mixed in with his lighter yellow hair.

O-kay. Totally not what I expected us to do. "Um, sorry. I left my board games at home."

"Very funny. I mean a get-to-know-you game. You ask me a question and then I ask you one."

If I didn't know better, I'd think he could read my mind. I'm of the thought that's a little too close to believing in the impossible for comfort, so I don't. "Sure. You want to go first?" Because I honestly don't know what to ask him. I know what I want to know, but what if he's talking about favorite colors and most embarrassing moments?

"As a matter of fact, I do." He smiles. "What really happened to your forehead the other day?"

Ugh. Great. He has to go and start with a hard one. What happened to being a gentleman? What am I supposed to tell him? I'm known as the vamp freak and got cornered by Stacy Cavanaugh and her friends? But the lies are starting to pile up for me and I feel pretty bad about that, so I decide on a mostly-truth. "There's this group of girls who don't like me. They decided to show me how much. That's all."

The look on his face tells me he already knew it was something like that. "Why were you embarrassed to tell me that?"

"I don't know." Now that he mentioned it, it does seem silly. "I guess I just feel like an after school special or something. You know, being that girl in school. The one who's teased all the time."

"All the time? What about your friends?"

This sucks. Like deadly-vampire bite, suckage. "Really?"

Gabe touches my hand. It's so different than when Caleb did it. They feel different. And with Gabe, it looks easier...like it's not this internal war Caleb always seems to fight. "You agreed. It's your turn next and I'll be in the hot seat. You can trust me, Abigail."

Does it make me naive that I totally want to? That I feel like I can? "Well...I've never really had any."

He slides his hand away, but it's still close to mine. "I'm sorry. I know how that feels. Guess it's cool we're changing that together."

My heart jumps to my throat. I know it's strange, to get so excited about someone confirming they like me, but I can't help it. In this moment, I'm no longer the freak with no friends. "Yeah. Very cool."

"How did you get away from them? The girls?"

Did I mention weird before? It has nothing on how I feel about talking to Gabe about Caleb. Why? I'm not sure. "Well, there's this guy, Caleb. We've hung out a little lately. He came and scared them away." Talking about Caleb makes me smile and feel guilty even though it makes no sense. He makes me smiley. What's wrong with that?

Gabe shifts in his seat as though he's uncomfortable. "Good thing he showed up. If you met this...Caleb, that gives you someone to hang-out with at school though. Maybe they'll leave you alone." There's a tension in his voice.

I look at the steering wheel because spending time with Caleb didn't mean I'd have someone to spend time with at school. He has his own group of friends and I don't fit into that equation. But then, if I'm good enough to skip school with and walk to and from school with, I should be good enough to at least have a casual conversation with at school. What does that say about him or me if he still ignores me?

"Did I say something wrong?" Gabe asks.

I snap out of my trance. Now isn't the time to think about Caleb. I should enjoy hanging out with Gabe. "No, no. Sorry, I was just thinking about something. Is it my turn now?"

"Yes," he answers simply. "And thank you for being honest with me about everything."

Of course I can't start right off the bat with something as serious as asking about his parents. I may be a noob, but I'm not totally socially stunted. Leading in, I ask his favorite subject in school. I'm surprised to find out its English like me. We volley questions back and forth. I learn his birthday, what he wants to be when he grows up and his favorite vacation spots. My questions start out timid, but as we go, I'm surprised at how easy it is to just sit and talk to a boy. When I'm with Caleb it's I always have a million thoughts going through my head: studying his movements, wondering about something he says, trying not to sound like freak show.

Finally I build up the courage to ask what I really want to know. He'd been so sad earlier. I don't want to make him feel that way again, but I also feel like he needs to talk about it. "You mentioned earlier that your parents didn't have time for you. Why do you think that?" Guilt starts rolling over me. "I'm not trying to pry, but I just can't see parents not caring about their kid." Okay, maybe I am naive. So shoot me.

Gabe lets out a heavy breath. "No, believe me, they don't care. My family's different, Abigail. We're very wealthy and my parents' only concern is money and society. They spend their time schmoozing people much more important than me. I was there for show, when they needed me and that's all. Other than that, I'm the responsibility of the housekeeper." He's ranting, talking almost without taking a breath. "The only person in my life to love me and they take her away from me. They fired her because they caught her letting me slough off on my lessons one day."

I want to reach out and hug him, but I'm too scared. "Gabe, I'm so sorry."

"Don't be," he sounds distant now. "But that's when things took a turn for the worse. I got into drugs, hanging out on the streets. I just wanted to escape my life and that's the only way I knew how to do it."

"Drugs?" I can't hold back my shock. He doesn't seem like the type. Now Caleb's friends...yes. Gabe? No.

"I'm clean now; I promise you that. But I had some hard times. I've done a lot of things I'm not proud of, Abigail. I still do a lot of things that aren't right. I think it's just the way I am." He shakes his head.

My heart drums steadily. He's been on drugs and God knows what else. He said he's done a lot of bad thing, but he doesn't seem like a bad guy. He's not. Maybe he was, but I know he isn't anymore, and more than that, I know he's my friend. Crazy as it sounds, I care about him. "You've done things you should be proud of too. Quitting drugs, trying to change your life. Those aren't small things, Gabe. Cut yourself some slack."

His eyes shoot toward me. For a few long seconds, he doesn't talk. He does nothing but stare. "Thank you."

"You're a good guy. I'm," I look away from him. "I'm really glad I met you."

More moments of silence between us before he speaks. "You shouldn't be," he mumbles then points to the glowing, green numbers on my dashboard. "It's time for you to go." Gabe opens his door. "Wait. Do you need me to drive you home?"

Gabe shakes his head, gets out of the car, and slams the door. When he doesn't move, I start the car and pull away. When I glance in the rearview mirror, he's already gone.

I can't stop thinking about Gabe. Even when I'm home and in bed. He's been through so much. Even more than I know. He'd been so upset earlier, some of what he said didn't even make sense. I'm sure most of it had to do with anger and embarrassment. At the restaurant he told me the housekeeper is his teacher, but then he told me she got fired over his drug problem. Maybe he said she currently taught him because he didn't expect to tell me about the drugs?

I fall asleep and as I do, Caleb floats into my head. I smile at him and my heart accelerates. Then Gabe eclipses him, pushing him out of the way. Part of me wants to cry, but the other? The other part is glad Gabe's there too.

***

I don't want to get out of bed this morning, but then I remember Caleb will be waiting for me. The thought catapults me out of bed. After a quick shower, I put on my favorite pair of jeans and a long sleeved shirt. On a whim, I slip into Mom's room and spray myself with her perfume, careful not to use too much so I don't smell like those old ladies who've lost their sniffer and use a whole bottle daily.

I scarf down a bowl of Lucky Charms before running a brush through my hair and tying it back. I'm early again, even with staying in bed an extra few minutes. I've been meaning to work on my promptness and now I have the perfect excuse.

A few minutes later, I'm walking out of my house and down the street. Up ahead, I see Caleb. His back is to me and he's pacing. It's cute seeing him all tense like that. It makes him real. Is he nervous to see me for some reason? My belly gets tingly.

I keep watching him, but things change. He bends at the waist, his hands linked behind his head. Did something happen to him? Is he hurt or angry? He stands again, rubbing his hands through his hair, before shaking his head.

The tingly in my stomach transform to nausea, eating at my insides. Something's wrong. I feel it, clawing at me. I start to walk faster and then to my surprise, Caleb starts to walk away. I glance at my watch to make sure I'm not late, even though I know I'm not. My mouth opens to yell for him to stop, but then he does before the words leave my mouth. With the heel of his hand, he rubs his temple, before turning around, his eyes finding mine.

I stop and just look at him. We're far enough away that I can't see his eyes, but somehow, I know they don't look right. He's not standing as tall, his body not as...strong? As it usually is.

Seconds pass. I swear I hear my watch ticking and tocking in my head. But then, shivers spread through the length of me as Caleb smiles. When his hand runs through his messy black hair, it's somehow different. He's wearing a long sleeved, dark blue shirt and faded jeans. It's like he transforms in front of me, from the tense, stressed-out Caleb I saw just a minute ago to the relaxed, slightly vulnerable, but proud Caleb I'm becoming so used to.

Another attack of shivers hits me, the type only he gives me. I start to walk again. He doesn't come toward me, but he's still smiling that real smile I didn't know he had until recently. "Hey." I don't even need to ask him why he was walking away, because he's here now.

"Hey, Kitten."

The name ignites fireworks inside me. We start to walk together. Every few steps, I glace at him. His eyes are bloodshot. Weariness laces his features. "Are you okay?" I can't help but ask him. At least I make sure not to tell him he looks tired even though guys, being as strange as they are, probably don't care about that kind of thing.

It takes him a minute to answer, but I'm getting used to that coming from Caleb. It feels good to actually get used to something about someone. Like you know them in a way you didn't before. It makes me warm inside.

When he speaks, his voice is gravely almost like he just woke up. "It's..." Caleb shakes his head. "It's nothing. Just bad headaches lately. I feel like I'm trying to see in the fog or something."

Worry seeps in. "Do you have migraines?"

"I never have. Guess, I do now though."

"Hold up." We stop and I pull some Tylenol out of my bag. Caleb opens his hand and I shake two of them out. "I have water too. I haven't drunk out of it yet."

"Don't worry. I'm not afraid of your cooties." Caleb takes the bottle too, takes the pills and hands it back. He may not be afraid of my cooties, but I wonder if he wants them the way I want his. You know, not in a creepy, weird way, but I totally can't wait to drink out of this bottle.

"Thanks." We start walking again, the Caleb silence floating around us. It's weird how he's quiet, but I always feel like he's staying something. It's always comfortable, because I know it's just a part of him. Comfortable or not, my big mouth still feels the need to interrupt the quiet.

"Why do you call me Kitten?" Gah! Why did I just ask him that? Yes, I want to know, but I can't believe I asked him! Well, I'm a little proud of it, actually, but mostly I just want to throw up waiting to hear what he says.

Caleb opens his mouth, his tongue sliding along his top teeth. Not in the come-hither way, but the deep-in-thought way. Like always, I feel there's a war he's battling inside him. Does he want to tell me or not? And it's sexy. Everything about him is sexy. His mouth closes, his tongue laced with all those cooties I want hides inside his mouth again. Finally he speaks. "You remind me of a Kitten. You're all soft on the outside...kind of innocent, but I have a feeling there's someone a lot tougher inside. Like the way you stood up to Cavanaugh the other day. Three on one, but as soon as someone pushed you, the claws tried to come out. You'll grow into those claws one day and no one will be able to stop you."

I. Just. Died. My feet cement to the ground. Heat simmers through me, wrapping around me in little ribbons. Not because I'm embarrassed, but because I'm touched. His words reach down to a place inside me I didn't know existed. A place no one has tried to reach before, but one I don't think I'll ever be satisfied without someone reaching again. He thinks I'm strong? I don't feel it. Never have. "Caleb...I..."

He does the tongue thing again. Let's out a deep breath and then groans. "I screwed up, huh?"

"What? No--"

"I shouldn't have said anything. Can we forget I said that? Like we did with you the other day?"

Of course he had to add the last part in. No, I didn't want to forget this at all. I wanted to ask him a million questions. Dissect everything he said and how he said it. Which I would do later on my own, but how can I tell him no when he let me forget my boyfriend comment? I can't. I try to smile. "Forget you said what?" Inside my head, I'm already replaying his words again.

Chapter Ten

I've passed Caleb twice at school today and he hasn't said a word to me. Both times he offers small smiles. Both times I return them, hoping and praying he'll stop and say hi. Praying that Gabe was right and my newfound friendship with Caleb will be what starts to turn things around in school, but so far nothing.

It's now lunchtime, and I'm out in the hall when everyone else has already gone to the cafeteria. I should be there too, but I know Caleb and his friends go across the street for lunch, even though it's a closed campus. Because this time, I'm approaching him. I'm strong, right? I'm done with sitting around and waiting for things to happen. If I want to talk to him, I will. Maybe that's even what he's waiting for.

"Hi, Abby."

I freeze and not because it's Caleb's voice, but because I do believe Hell just froze over. I turn to make sure my mind isn't playing tricks on me. It's not. Stacy stands about five feet away from me, the rest of her shadows missing. I turn. Nope, not another Abby behind me. I continue out of my turn and start walking the other way. Hello? Does she think I'm stupid? No way am I standing around while she pretends to be nice, meanwhile leaving me sidetracked for her friends to jump out of lockers like ninjas and attack me or something.

"Hi, Abby!" Stacy calls after me again and I'm starting to get a little freaked. Can you say 'Invasion of the Body Snatchers'? I glace at her once more before rounding the corner to the cafeteria just to make sure there's no symptoms of her becoming a zombie. There's not, which only means one thing. The LP are up to something and I have no doubt, I'm at the center of it.

Having wasted half my lunch waiting for Caleb, I have to scarf down my lunch as quick as I can. Almost the second I finish, the bell rings. I hang toward the back, a little nervous to venture in the hallway again in case creepy-Stacy makes another appearance. When I can't wait any longer without running the risk of being late-which I won't let happen since I just skipped-I go. As I turn the corner, I run right into a familiar chest.

See? I even recognize his chest now. "Hi." I smile up at Caleb, thinking maybe my karma might not be so bad.

Caleb looks down at me. "Hey." His voice is detached, like we didn't spend yesterday together. Like he didn't call me Kitten because he thinks I'm strong. Like I'm a girl he doesn't know.

"How are you?"

"I gotta run." And then he moves around me and walks away. The little spot he found inside me just this morning slinks away and hides.

***

I huff when I see Caleb standing at the line of trees. I'm in no mood to talk to anyone, especially him. I'm quiet the whole walk home. The only time sound leaves my mouth is when he asks me something, which is only twice. I'm mad at myself for even meeting him. For not telling him to screw off, that I don't need a friend who only wants to be a part time friend, but I do none of it. He not only sucks as a friend, he's also delusional since it's pretty clear I'm not as strong as he says I am.

If he can tell something's up, he doesn't say anything. He asks about Stacy and I mumble a little line about her saying hi. Caleb seems to think on it a bit, but doesn't say much else about it. Why did he even meet me? Why does he pretend he cares, when he doesn't?

I don't say goodbye when we reach out stop sign and he doesn't either.

When Mom gets home, I watch a little TV with her, and eat dinner, just so she doesn't realize something's wrong. I make an excuse about a big essay due the next day. When she asks if I've had a chance to read any of 'Modern Vampire' I ignore her, my eyes already flooding with tears.

I head straight for my vampire-killing-kit of a trunk, leaning my head against the cool window.

Rain starts to trickle down, invisible in the evening darkness except for the sound and little pebbles sliding down my window. Needing to hear it clearer, I crack the window, wishing the rain could wash away my problems, refreshing my life like it does the night. I can't help, but think about Gabe. He would walk with me in school. He's the one who made me think Caleb might too. I bet he would have said goodbye. Even when he weirded-out after we talked about his parents, he wasn't rude. But I also realize I wish he had been. I wish Gabe hurt me. It makes my heart much more intensely that it's Caleb. The boy who keyed Stacy's car for me. Held me as I walked into his house. Cleaned my wound, and worried about me walking to and from school alone. The boy with the pained eyes and no pictures in his house. Caleb.

I pull my legs against my chest and cry, then soon...blackness.

"Don't you get it, Abby? You're a loser. A freak. Like I ever really wanted to be friends with you."

I fight to breathe as a fist squeezes my heart. Caleb's voice is so harsh, so cold, his green eyes harder than I've ever seen them. He looks feral, wild. His face twists into disgust when I start to cry. "B...but," I stutter. "What about walking me to school? Asking me to ditch with you? I thought you liked me, Caleb!"

"Yeah, right! Why would I be friends with the vamp freak? It's one thing to hang-out with you when there's no one better around, but I would never spend time with you because I want to."

My eyes are no longer just a leaky faucet. It's as if someone loosens a screw. Tears pour down my face uncontrollably. My insides twist in pain. I'll never have friends. No one will ever thing of me as anything other than the girl with the crazy mom.

I jump when someone touches my cheek. Gabe.

"Come with me, Abigail. You can trust me." A part of me wants to go with Gabe, but there's a bigger part that needs to stay with Caleb. This isn't him. Something has to be wrong. He would never treat me this way. Only he is.

"Abby?" Gabe's voice is a little more confused now. "I'm your friend, aren't I? I want you to trust me. I need you to trust me. I care about you. Don't you care about me too?" his eyes are so sincere. Like my hesitation actually pains him.

I feel like my body, my soul is being ripped in half. I glace back at Caleb now. His face has softened, making him look like the Caleb I know instead of the stone-cold boy who verbally attacked me.

"Kitten?" Caleb shakes his head, confusion clear in his eyes.

It's strange the way the sound starts to echo as though we're at a school assembly or football game. Caleb's previous words pulse around me. "Don't you get it, Abby? You're a loser. A freak. Like I ever really wanted to be friends with you."

"Abigail, come on. We're alike, you and I. Both lonely, both only wanting attention from those we care about. I won't let him hurt you again." Gabe holds a hand out to me.

I can't control my body. Caleb starts screaming, yelling at me, only nothing is coming out. He has the feral look in his eyes again, but this time, it isn't at me he directs his anger. It's at me and Gabe. Or maybe just Gabe. I can't tell and even if I could, I can't trust it. I thought we were friends, but we're not. Caleb, the LP, no one in this town holds anything for me. I feel that deep inside my belly. I'm meant for something else. I'm meant to go with Gabe.

I turn to follow him, Caleb still silently screaming. Gabe smiles at me, still waiting for me to take his hand. When I do, he pulls me tightly against his body, and though I feel him everywhere, it's different. I think he's going to kiss me and I smile, but then he bends his head forward and sinks his teeth into my throat.

A scream rips from the back of my throat as my eyes spring open. I'm gasping for breath, holding my throat. There' s nothing there. It felt so real, I can't stop holding my neck to make sure there are no holes, no bites. It was only a dream...a dream, but so much more.

My worst fears are clawing to the surface, hiding from depths deeper than what Caleb found this morning. I'm just like her. I can't take the pain and I'm going to lose myself in an imaginary world. I'm going crazy, just like Mom.

***

I close my eyes as Mom drives me to school, focusing on the rain hammering against our windshield. I don't dare open them. There's no way Caleb's there. Not in this weather and not after yesterday, but I can't bear to see it anyway. It doesn't feel right not meeting him, even in this weather, but I can't do it. Can't risk him not showing up either. Plus, my eyes need a break from the sandpaper rubbing them each time I blink.

"Tired?" Mom asks.

My reply is a nod.

I go through the day in my same daze. I don't see Caleb at all. Stacy tries to say hi again, but I ignore her. This time, Courtney and Tiffany are there. Both of them look at her like she's as crazy as I am. They're either awesome actresses, or they're not in on her plan yet. I'm going with the latter.

It's still raining after school. I know Mom will be waiting outside to pick me up. When I make the last trip of the day to my locker, a note falls to the ground.

I don't want to read it. I shouldn't read it, but I have to.

Abby,

Can you meet me at my cabin today? Any time. I'll wait.

Caleb.

Everything inside me wants to go, but if I'm going to take one thing from this, it's the strength he saw in me. I'm going to be strong which means taking care of myself so I don't get hurt. With shaky fingers I ball the note up and toss it in the trash. I'm not going to his house. No way. I'll go home and then to work and try to forget any of this happened.

***

It's about halfway through my shift when the rain finally stops. I'm in the back, staring at the monster stack of dishes waiting for me. I fight the urge to lock the back door, but I can't. Not only is Gabe the only friend I have left, but locking it means admitting I'm scared of him. Admitting I'm scared means part of me thinks my dream was real. Which I don't. It can't be.

I'm making really good headway on the dishes. Things go much faster without Gave distracting me, but I miss the distraction. When the stack's almost clear, I feel eyes on the back of me. A wave of fear hits me, followed by a steady calm. It's Gabe. There's no reason to be scared. It was just a dream. It kills me that I have to remind myself. Making myself smile, I turn around. His blue eyes are dimmer than usual. "Hey, you." I go for light and hope it doesn't sound fake. I'm happy to see him, but wish he was Caleb at the same time.

"Hello."

Something's different and I know he feels it too. Is it because of the way we left things the other night? I feel the need to apologize, but I don't know why. Maybe for being the one to bring up his parents in the first place.

Gabe beats me to it. "I owe you an apology, Abigail. I never should have walked out the way I did the other night. It was rude."

The heavy ache in my chest suddenly lightens. I might have lost Caleb, but I still have Gabe and I need that. Need someone. "You don't have to be sorry. I understand."

"Friends again?" Gabe holds out his hand to me.

Our hands clasp together. "Friends."

He doesn't let go of me when he speaks. "Do you want to hangout again when you get off tonight? You didn't get caught last time, did you?"

"No. I'm pretty sure I wouldn't be here right now, if I did." I laugh. "I'd love to do something tonight too."

Gabe smiles. "Thanks. You have no idea how happy that makes me. I was so scared I screwed everything up."

I don't get the chance to tell him not to worry about it, when his whole demeanor changes. He's tense. His jaw tight, and just like that, it's gone. The flash happens so quickly I'm scared I imagined it and that freaks me out. I can't do this. Can't keep thinking things or seeing things that aren't real. I will not let myself go crazy.

"Kitten?" I hear Caleb before I see him. My whole body perks up, even though I try to stamp it down. "I was coming to see you and heard you talk--" Caleb's head of black hair peeks around the corner and inside. His eyes lock straight on Gabe. "Who are you?" Caleb snaps.

"Caleb! That was rude." Who does he think he is? He doesn't want to be my friend, but doesn't want anyone else to either?

Gabe reaches out and touches my arm. This time, it's Caleb who tenses. "It's okay. He's just worried about you." Gabe turns toward Caleb. "I'm Gabe, a friend of Abigail's." Gabe's voice isn't as smooth as it usually is. Great. Now my ex-friend is freaking out my only-friend. Nice.

"Who the hell is Abigail and no offense, dude, but you're name doesn't tell me jack." Caleb ignores Gabe's outstretched hand.

Oh my God! What is wrong with him? This isn't like Caleb.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I had to make up an animal name for her."

Gabe's words slightly crack my anger at Caleb. I shouldn't let them, but they do because the name still means something to me. I'm too shocked to move, when Caleb steps toward Gabe, his hands fisted. "Fuck you."

I'm almost too confused to react. Why does he sound so pissed? He's almost acting jealous which makes no sense. I make myself snap out of it. Gabe's been nothing but nice to me and he doesn't deserve Caleb's freak-out. "What's your problem, Caleb? Gabe's my friend." I put emphasis on the word. At least one of them isn't embarrassed of me. "I would appreciate it if you're nice to him."

It's almost like a light bulb goes off in Caleb's head. "She met you in the woods by my house, didn't she? What were you doing sneaking around out there?" His face is red, he's so angry.

I open my mouth to yell at him, but Gabe beats me to it, only he doesn't yell. "I wasn't sneaking around anywhere, Cale. It's called walking. Maybe you've heard of it?"

"Don't. Call. Me. Cale." Caleb practically seethes at him.

Enough is enough. I step forward between the two guys. "Caleb, I don't know what your problem is, but I have to ask you to leave. You're being rude to my friend and I'm at work. You're going to get me into trouble."

Caleb steps back, making me relax a little, but then he crosses his arms over his chest and I know we're still in for more. "I'm not going anywhere, Abby. I know everyone in this shithole town and I don't know him," his words are softer now. "I don't trust people I don't know."

At first my heart does a little flip-flop because he's worried about me, but then I remember it's an act. If he cared, he wouldn't have walked away from me the other day. "I don't need you or anyone else to protect me. I'm a big girl."

Caleb's eyes lose their hard edge when he looks at me. It's him I see now, quiet, caring vulnerable. "I know you don't need me, Kit-Abby, but you definitely don't need him either. I'm not trying to piss you off, but if he stays, I stay too."

There's more to this than some weird, dislike of Gabe. I feel it. This is somehow about Caleb. The way he stressed the word 'me' nuzzles its way into my heart, cracking my defenses. But I can't do it. Not after the way he treated me and not after the way he's treating the person who's been so nice to me lately. "Caleb, I'm asking you to go. Please..."

His eyes close and he lets out a deep breath. "I can't."

Anger pumps through my veins. "You can't?" I yell. "Oh, yes you can!"

As soon as the words leave my mouth, I hear the door that leads into the diner creak open. "Abby? Are you okay back there?"

My heart races. Silently, I shoo the guys toward the door. "Um, yeah. I'm fine. Just...singing?" I hear Richard chuckle, then close the door again. "Oh my God! That was too close. Caleb, go. I'll see you tomorrow or something."

He opens his mouth to argue, but Gabe interrupts. "It's alright, Abigail. I'll go. I don't want you to get into trouble." I smile and Caleb rolls his eyes.

"See ya, dude," Caleb tells him.

I grab his arm before he can walk out. "I'm so sorry, Gabe. I appreciate your understanding. Will I...see you soon?"

He touches my face the same way Caleb did the other day. It shocks me frozen. Luckily, I don't break into another make-out dream like I did with Caleb. Even though this feels good, it doesn't feel like Caleb's touch did. Caleb makes me feel electric while Gabe doesn't. "I'm looking forward to it."

As soon as he's gone, I give Caleb my full attention. "You!"

He holds up his hands. "Not now, Kitten. Unlike that prick says, I don't want you to get into trouble either. I'm going to sit right by the door until you're ready to go and we'll talk about it then."

Caleb leans against the wall and slides to the floor. Dropping his head back, he watches the ceiling like it's his favorite movie. "I'm not through with you. Don't think you're getting off this easy. As soon as I'm done, I want answers." With nothing else to do, I go to the sink and finish the dishes.

Chapter Eleven

We're quiet the whole drive to Caleb's cabin. This is the first time I've actually come by taking the driveway. I bounce in my seat as I make the long, pothole-filled drive, until I stop in front of his dark cabin. When I say dark, I mean dark. Don't ask me why I've never thought about how pitch-black it would be out here at night. I don't know how he does it, especially when judging by the quiet dark, his father isn't home.

I turn off the car and flip the switch to keep the overhead light on and wait. He's the one who owes me an explanation so I refuse to have to be the one to start this conversation. After minutes of silence, he breaks it. "So, you hung out with him the other night, huh?"

Men. Where they always this barbaric? "How did you even find us?"

"I didn't realize it was a secret."

I sigh. This is just too strange for me. I don't understand what's going on. "Caleb, you know what I mean. How did you know we were in the kitchen? What were you doing there?"

"I don't know. I was worried. I just wanted to make sure you were okay." One of his legs is bouncing like a jackhammer. "I waited for you this morning at our stop sign, and then left a note in your locker for you to meet me. I needed to make sure you got to work and when I was walking by I heard you guys talking."

Our stop sign. I was worried. I waited for you. Part of me wants to do a little dance of, "he likes me, he likes me!" I mean, he waited for me in the rain, but then I remember how he looked at me like I was nothing. How he walked away from me like I didn't matter. "You expected me to just show up at your house like everything was fine? Like you didn't pretty much ignore me like you don't have time for me?" My voice cracks. "Why do you wait for me in the middle of the freakin' rain if you can't even talk to me at school?"

"I can't talk about it." His low voice cracked like mine and I feel it in my chest. "My life's too shitty to let you in on all the details."

"Then why do you care who I hang-out with?!"

He doesn't yell like I do. Does he feel anything at all? Caleb shrugs. "I don't trust him. You could have gotten in trouble."

"I could have gotten in trouble when I ditched with you, too," I counter.

Caleb shoves a hand through his hair. "My bad. It won't happen again."

I want to grab him and shake him. Confusion rips me apart. He sounds almost hurt, but if that's true, why won't he just talk to me?

"There's something weird about him, Abby. I know it sounds lame, but there is." He grabs his head the way he did with his headache the other day.

"Are you okay?" Worry spikes inside me. "Another headache?"

He completely ignores my questions. "I'm having all these strange...I could swear I've seen him-shit, never mind. Just stay away from him."

His little demand pushes any sympathy I felt away. Hello? Independent woman here. "Stay away from him," I yell. "Thanks, but no thanks. He's the only friend I have. Gabe's nice to me, Caleb. He's not embarrassed of me. There's no way I'm going to ditch him just because you want me to. What's it to you?"

Somehow, my words suck all the air out of the car. It takes a minute, but finally Caleb's eyes rise to meet mine. "I thought-hell, it doesn't matter." He gets out of the car making me feel empty, more alone than I've ever felt. What is it about Caleb that makes me feel this way? "I'm not embarrassed of you. I know I don't have a right to get in your business, but just be careful." He slams the door and jogs to his cabin. I see him in my headlights, standing on his porch looking at my car.

My heart's thundering. My hands squeeze the steering wheel. I'm not sure if I'm mad, confused or hurt. Probably all three. I start the car, put it in reverse and peel out of his driveway. Boys aren't the only ones who can stomp away when they're mad!

***

"You okay, sweetie?" I stop pushing the cereal around in my bowl and look at Mom. "You look down today," she adds.

I am down, I want to tell her! Boys are stupid! I don't even want to eat the marshmallows in my Lucky Charms. But I don't say any of that because if I do, the questions will come. The worry, concern. Oh, and the crazy, vampire talk. "I'm fine, Mom. Just tired."

I shouldn't have let Gabe leave last night. He's a good friend to me and no matter how much Caleb means to me, he's the one who should have had to go. What kind of friend am I?

My heart still hurts for or because of, Caleb, I'm not sure. He'd been a jerk, more than once, but there's more behind it. I know there is. Or maybe I'm just one of those girls I never thought I would be who makes excuses for loser boys. I know better though. Not Caleb. It's like I know him, but I don't. I'm not good enough to talk to at school, but he'd been willing to fight a guy over me? I'm starting to think guys are crazy.

"It's a boy!" I jump when Mom shrieks, guessing.

Huh? "What's a boy? Are we talking immaculate conception, here?" I push my bowl away from me, angry he's taken my favorite cereal away from me.

"Abby, do you have your first boyfriend?" She sounds all serious now.

"What! No. I don't have a boyfriend, Mom. Geez." I get up and go to the sink to rinse my bowl, keeping my back to her as long as I can. "Look, Mom, guys aren't exactly beating down my door. I'm so not that girl. I just have a lot going on at school."

Mom stands up and walks over to me. "First of all, you're gorgeous. You could so be that girl, but you have more class than that. Second, having your first boyfriend isn't a bad thing. Of course, I need to meet him first. Especially if you plan on going anywhere with him. I know this isn't something you like to talk about, but you have to be careful. What if he's--"

"Mom!" I hold up my hand before she says the V word. Most girls dread the virginity talk when they get their first boyfriend. For me, it's the vampire talk. Yay, me. "I don't have a boyfriend. There's no one to meet. I'm not going to get lured away by some evil bloodsucker of the night!"

And now we're fighting again. It feels like all we've done lately.

"Maybe not just the night, but you'd know that if you took this seriously." Mom shakes her finger at me. At me, like I'm the one being unreasonable.

"Take what seriously? Some stupid book written by a psycho? You want to know what's wrong with me?" Shut up. Shut up. But I can't. "It's this! I'd be scared to ever tell you if I have a boyfriend because you'd think he wants to munch on my neck. Did it happen to you? Did a vampire break your heart?"

Tear glint in her eyes. It's almost as if they're my tears. They affect me the same way. "Mom..."

"I'm going outside back to work in the garden. If you want, come out and help." Without another word she goes out the sliding glass door, shutting it on me. What's wrong with me? Everywhere I turn there's drama lately and I'm the common denominator.

Deciding to go out and make things up to her, I run upstairs to my room, wash up and get dressed. After tying my hair back in a messy ponytail, I go back downstairs to hear a faint knock on the front door. Okay, we almost never get visitors, which leaves a delivery or mail man. My life is so exciting.

Before opening the door, I take a peek through the peephole anyway.

My heart stops. Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! I'm caught between a busting a move because I'm so excited that Caleb Evans is at my door. Sure I'm mad at him, but Caleb Evans is still at my door. And the other part of me wants to stake myself now because if Mom comes out here and sees him, my life is over anyway. No, I'm not even being dramatic either. I couldn't live through Mom inviting Caleb in for a friendly game of Vampire or Human.

Caleb knocks again, jump starting my heart. What the heck is he doing here? My head falls forward, hitting the door. I have no idea what to do and not a lot of time to figure it out. Once more knock jars me out of my stupor. I should let him think I'm not home, but I can't do it. This is Caleb and I need to know what he wants. Quietly, I slip the door open. "Caleb, what are you doing here?" I whisper like my Mom has vampire hearing and is listening from the backyard.

"Well, hello to you, too."

Good God, why does this boy have to be so hot? I'm about to have a heat stroke, looking at him all black hair and green eyes, squinting at me like I'm confusing him. I wave my hands forward so he'll step away. When he does, I walk onto the porch and pull the door partially closed behind me. "You have to go." Or stay... No! How could I handle it if Caleb knew my big secret?

He looks a little taken aback with my words before his eyes travel behind me. I turn quickly to make sure Mom isn't there. She's not, but Caleb can't keep his eyes off me. Oh, me! He's looking at me, not behind me. Score!

"Um, I just thought we should talk. About last night, I mean. And the other day at school."

"I can't, Caleb." I shake my head.

He shifts the weight from his left to his right. "Listen, Kit-Abby. I know I screwed up, but don't shut me down. We need to talk. There's... well, there's some things I need to tell you."

Being mad has nothing to do with why I can't talk to him right now. It's like Jerry Maguire except he had me at knock, knock, instead of hello. The reason starts with 'Mom' and ends in 'believes in vampires'. "My mom is home!" I tell him like I expect that to make sense.

Caleb wrinkles his nose at her. "So?"

"She doesn't know about you. All of a sudden she has this weird idea that I have a boyfriend, and if she meets you, she'll think you're him. She won't get that there's no way that will ever happen and--"

"Why won't that ever happen?"

Um, does he have split personalities for something? "Well, for starters, you told me we could never be more than friends and second, because you won't even talk to me at school and third because...well...you're you and I'm me." My words even make no sense to me, but I'm still a little happy I got them out. There! Take that, I spoke my mind. What now?

"I have no idea what you're talking about," Caleb reaffirms my confusing words. "I mean, I know what I said, but that's part of the reason we need to talk. Can't you get out for a few minutes so we can talk?" It's obvious he's uncomfortable, because he does that Caleb-shift thing and ruffles his own hair. "If your mom needs to meet me, that's cool, I guess. She may not like you hanging out with the wild Evans kid though." This time, it's me who wrinkles my nose at him and he shrugs. "I get that a lot."

My chest tightens a little for him. "As long as you don't have fangs, my mom doesn't discriminate." As soon as the words leave my mouth, I want to slam the door in his face and never come out again. I can't believe I said it! I want to take it back, but not at the same time because it kind of felt right since he just admitted something to me.

"Abbs, can you come here?" Mom yells.

Oh, there's goes my heartbeat again. Maybe I'm undead myself. "I'll be right there, Mom!" I yell, then whisper to Caleb, "Please, I'll talk to you later."

"Do you have to go do something with your mom?"

"No." I probably should so we can have make-up session number five billion.

"Then come with me." I want nothing more than to do as he says. I peek my head inside and when I do, Caleb grabs my hand. "Come on, Abby. Please?" There's no way I can deny him. Not when he's looking at me with those forest green eyes that remind me of the woods we spend so much time in.

"Ugh! Okay. Go wait at out stop sign. I'll me meet you there in five minutes." Without waiting for him to reply, I go inside and close the door. He wanted to talk to me, really talk to me from the way it sounds and everything inside me is pulling myself toward him, wanting to hear any and everything he has to say.

I run to the backyard. "Mom? Do you, um, mind if I head out for a little while? I really want to go for a walk and maybe hit up the library." And here I am, Liar McLiarson spinning more tales.

Mom smiles, asking forgiveness silently. "Sure, kiddo. Just be home--"

"Before dark. Yeah, I know." I give her a hug, grab my backpack and head to the stop sign to meet Caleb. My stupid hands shake the whole time. I totally need to work on my poker face, because without even looking in a mirror, I know I'm a mess.

"Thanks for coming." Caleb says as I meet him.

"You're welcome." I kick at the ground, trying to play off my nervousness for indifference.

"You wanna go back to my place? Or the woods? We can hang-out there again."

My anger pushes to the surface again. "Sure. We wouldn't want anyone to see you with me." I mumble.

"What?" Caleb asks.

"Nothing." I keep walking. He's following behind me, both of us silent. Right before we cross the street which lines the woods, he stops me.

"Hey, I'm not embarrassed to be seen with you."

"Could have fooled me." I try and walk away again.

"Abby, I'm serious. Why would I be embarrassed to be seen with you? Things are just..."

I look around. "Let's go into the woods. We can talk there."

"Who's embarrassed now? I could care less if people see us talking. I'm not the one who freaked out because my mom might want to meet you." There's pain in his rough voice and it shocks me. Hurts me too. As much as I hate to admit it, I'm also mad. Confused. Everything.

"I'm not the one who completely turned my back on you like you were nothing. And it's not as if you're rushing me home to meet your parents."

"That's because I don't have any!" Caleb yells. We both freeze, just staring at each other. He doesn't have parents? He has to. I've seen his dad around town, heard the rumors about him.

Caleb's eyes drop closed, his breaths coming out rapidly. He buries his face in his hands before looking up at me again with hooded eyes. "I guess there's no forgetting I said that?"

"No... I don't think I can, Caleb."

He shakes his head and starts to walk. When he gets a few feet away from me, Caleb turns and looks over his shoulder. "You coming? I don't wanna talk about this here."

Chapter Twelve

Caleb leads me down to the creek back behind his house. It's not a large creek. In fact, I didn't even know it was here. The small stream of trickling water flows from behind his house to a deep section of the woods where I never venture. Nestled between two large trees, I notice a swing. It's wooden, obviously homemade, hung with thick rope and a bench seat that fits two. "That's nice." I tell him, pointing to the swing. Caleb signals for me to sit down. He follows me over, but stays standing while I sit.

"I made it with my dad. It was one of his better moments. Not that he had many of them." He picks up a rock and tosses it into the creek. "Listen, Kitten-sorry, I mean, Abby. What I'm telling you is big. You can't tell anyone, or I might be locked up in some group home or something until I turn eighteen. I don't really know the laws on it, but I don't want to take the chance."

My stomach churns with dread. "You can trust me, Caleb. I promise you, I can keep a secret with the best of them." Isn't that the truth? If it hadn't been for Stacy and her overactive ears, no one would know anything about the crazy Thompson women.

He eases down, sitting in the dirt. His feet are flat on the ground, knees bend with his arms around them. I feel something pinch inside me that he doesn't sit by me. In his hands, he plays with something. A branch, maybe? I can't tell while his fingers fiddle with it so intently.

"You know my mom isn't around, right? She took off when I was five. My dad...let's just say he's not the most loving kind of guy. She came from a good family. Was young when she got pregnant with me and Dad dragged her down. He used to. Well, I'm sure he still does wherever he is, but I'm sure you know the rumors. He drinks. A lot." Caleb's eyes dart toward me quickly, then away. But I feel them. In those few seconds, I feel them to the depths of my soul.

"He um...well, he hit us. Both of us. She couldn't take it, so she bailed."

I gasp suddenly very grateful for the vampire-loving Mom I have at home. She may be crazy, but she loves me. She would never leave me behind like that. All these years he's lived with an abusive father. Earlier I'd wondered what wounds he'd cleaned so much, wondered who took care of him and now I know they were his and no one was there for him.

"It wasn't that big a deal, Abby. It's not something he did to me every day, so please don't feel sorry for me." When he looks at me, I nod my head even though I'm sure we both know it's a lie. "So yeah, it was just me and him, but a couple months ago, we got into a huge fight. I finally got sick of it. After all these years, it was enough. I hit back. You should have seen the look he gave me. It was so f**king messed up. It's like I'd hurt him, like I'd broken his f**king heart by defending myself." Caleb throws whatever it is he has in his hands, before pushing to his feet.

"He took off and I haven't seen him since. I couldn't protect my mom and she left me, and now my dad did, too."

Caleb shrugs like it isn't a big deal. What is he thinking? He lives out here all by himself. So many thoughts race through my overactive brain that I can't keep them all straight. "You're alone."

"It's not a big deal. I know how to take care of myself. I've done it my whole life."

"Yes, it is a big deal. How do you pay the bills? Buy food? Who takes care of you?" I can't wrap my head around it. Caleb has been living out of this cabin for months by himself? He has no parents because they both left him? The barrier around my heart shatters. I stand up and walk over to him.

"Caleb, what are you going to do?" I'm standing right in front of him now, the pull increasing in intensity. I want to touch him, hold him, kiss him. Most of all, I want to make everything better for him.

"Don't go all mom-like on me, okay? I'm going to do the same thing I've been doing. We had wood stored up, I use it for heat when I need to. I get money orders for the electric bill. Don't have cable or a phone and when I need food, I shop."

"What about money?"

Caleb shakes his head. "I've been taking care of myself for a long time, Abby. I do odd jobs around town for money. I've done it for years anyway, so I have cash saved up. I hid it out there so my dad would never find it and spend it. As long as I keep earning more, I should have enough to last until I turn eighteen and get the hell out of here. It's not like I need much."

He starts to walk down the stream, and I follow him. My heart is somewhere near my feet. "You're, leaving?" I don't know why this surprises me. I want to leave Karma too.

"As soon as I possibly can. I told you that in the beginning. That's why I didn't want to get too involved with you. I didn't want anyone to get hurt, but I hate this town. There's nothing that could make me stay here," His voice seethes with anger so sharp I flinch. "Sorry." His voice is low.

"That's okay," I whisper. It's weird because even though I'm planning on leaving too, it hurts to know Caleb will be leaving sooner. I can't imagine living here without him which puts me in the 'totally screwed and stupid' category.

I hate asking this question, but I feel like I have to. "What if something happened to him and he's not okay? You don't think you should report him missing? What about his job? Someone will eventually know he's gone."

Caleb stills. His expression is unreadable for me. "Does it make me just as bad as he is that I don't care? That part of me thinks if something did happen to him, it would be his own form of karma for all the bruises he gave my mom? For all the guilt I feel because I couldn't protect her? It f**king sucks because I hate him, but I'm scared as shit that hating him makes me just like him."

My hands are itching to touch him; my arms tingling to wrap around him. My heart pulsing, calling out to his in hopes he can feel what I feel about him. Not even feel it toward me, but toward himself because I think he's pretty freakin' wonderful. He said to me earlier he was nothing, and then I'd thought he was so much more. Now, I think he's everything. "No. You're not like him. You're..." What can I say to him? My lips are tied closed, bound by my fear of telling him how great he is.

His shoulders are slumped and we're both quiet for a long time. Finally he breaks it. "You don't, you know, look at me different now do you?"

Unable to hold it back anymore, I reach out and touch his shoulder. My whole body tingles with a strange warmth. "You're not him and I could never think badly of you."

He gives me a watered-down smile. Like the ones he used to give me all the time. "You won't tell, will you? You'll keep my secret?"

Suddenly, my eyes well with tears. I look at Caleb and know what I have to do. What I want to do. I can't tell him he's everything. That he makes me feel things I'm not sure a girl my age should be feeling, but I can trust my secret with him too. "A secret for a secret." My chin starts to quiver. I have to do this now before I lose my nerve. "The rumors are true about me too, Caleb. My mom is crazy. She believes in vampires."

Caleb's eyes flicker with something I don't recognize. He kind of cocks his head to look at me, trying to see if I'm lying or not. I want to snatch the words back and erase them from his mind, but I know I can't. "So yeah. It's nice out here."

My lame attempt to change the subject doesn't work. "You mean like Dracula? Like I-want-to-suck-your-blood vampires?"

It's obvious he's confused, but his words sting. "Maybe not Dracula in specific, but the neck-biting freaks are the only kind of vampires, I know about." I cross my arms, angry at him for not getting it and mad at myself for the tears freely flowing down my face.

"Shit, I'm sorry. I didn't..." Only he doesn't finish. Instead, he uses his thumbs to wipe my tears. More come, but he keeps wiping them away. His hands feel so much different than mine. Hard, but soft at the same time. "I'm not good with crying girls, Abby. I have no idea what to do."

But his thumb continues to rub circles on my cheeks. Like windshield wipers, the erase my tears, but only in a compassionate way. "You're doing good so far."

I know I've said the right thing when he gives me his real smile. More tears come, and he continues to dry my face. Each swipe of his thumbs vibrate through me, touching me in so many more ways than he knows. "Your skin is so soft," he says, and I'm not even sure he realizes he said it, because he's so focused on making this better for me, the only way he can think to do it. And I was wrong. Is it possible for someone to be more than everything? No one has or could ever make me feel like Caleb does.

I hate that I'm crying over this. What he told me is so much worse, but it's freeing too, the tears and the truth because I've never shared them before.

When the tears finally slow, he asks, "You want to talk about it?"

To my surprise, I nod my head yes. Caleb wraps his hand around mine and in that second, I know everything is changing.

We walk over to a big rock that rests a few feet from the water and sit down. Despite my affirmation a few minutes ago, I don't talk.

"You don't have to tell me anything, ya know? I mean, I'm here if you want to talk, but if you don't want to, I get it. It's not a tit for tat kind of thing. I only told you so you know why I'm such a jerk. I just don't want to screw things up with you."

I look at him, no longer biting my tongue. "No, I want to tell you. I trust you, Caleb, and you're not a jerk."

He gives my hand a squeeze and I know it's to comfort me. "So, your mom believes in vampires, huh? That's... different." And then he laughs, shaking his head. "That was lame. I'm sorry."

It makes me smile. For the first time, I feel like we're totally on equal ground. Usually he's so at arms-length, and always so comfortable in his skin while I'm the one opening mouth and inserting foot. It's fun to see him navigate the same waters I swim in.

"Yeah, it's different, but it's all I know." I look down at our hands just because I like to see them locked together. The way our fingers blend and match together like a puzzle. It makes it easier for me to talk to him. "Listen, she's not like straightjacket, psycho crazy, it's just--"

Caleb interrupts me. "Hey, I'm not the type to judge. Believe me. I know how screwed up my life is. I'm pretty sure I take the cake in the weirdness department."

His comment doesn't make sense to me. "Just because of your parents? It's terrible, but not so much weird."

"Later," is all he says. Then I swear, the way he's looking at me, he's never looked at me like this before. His eyes slide from mine to my lips, before meeting me in the eyes again. I shiver, and not because I'm cold, but because I feel his eyes on me, in me. And then, he snaps out of it. "So, no straightjacket. Got it."

Nice.

I crinkle my brow at him, but continue. "She's um... believed in vampires my whole life. That's what I meant when I told you she was overprotective. Really, Mom thinks if I'm out after dark, I'm going to come home with holes in my neck and a new set of teeth."

"You don't have to make light of it."

His words take me by surprise. "What?"

"If you don't want, you don't have to make light of it."

How did he know? "It's easier that way. Anyway, I'm an expert on the undead. I can tell you all the supposed ways to kill a vampire. Mom is super cautious about who she invites in the house, hence the whole showdown with you today. It was practically World War Three just getting her to let me get my job." I shrug. "Crazy, huh?"

Caleb smiles, "Different, remember? Not crazy."

His understanding almost makes me mad, but I'm equally grateful for it. I know my emotions are all over the place, but I'm not sure how to feel. I jump to my feet, turning my back to him. "You don't think I'm a freak? That I have a crazy mom and I'm going to be just like her. You don't have to try and make me feel better, Caleb."

He laughs. The real kind, but somehow I know it's not at me. "Abby, you're not crazy. You're the most normal person I know."

Slowly, I turn to face him. My whole body is on edge, but in a good way. "Really?"

And then I'm tightly against him. My face in his chest, buried in Caleb's scent, t-shirt and firm muscles. And he's warm, so warm I want to melt into him.

"Is that what you think, Kitten? Do you think you're crazy, or you're gonna be?

I can't say anything, because of the crushing feeling in my chest, so I just nod against him. It feels good here, tucked against him.

"You're not crazy. Not even close."

"But I might be some day. Maybe not, now, but she wasn't when she was my age either. I..." I'm going to tell him about my dad. I've never had anyone to talk to about him before, but I'm glad it's Caleb. "I think it happened when she lost my dad. They were teenagers and she was pregnant with me." I'm talking into his chest, but I'm scared if I look up, he will let go and I don't want that. "That time I was crying out here? I found a letter. It's all I know about him. He told her he knew she was pregnant with me and asked her to meet him. She said he was murdered by vampires. I think he died and she went crazy. What if I can't handle something in my life and do the same thing?" My voice cracks.

As I feared, Caleb pushes me away, but now I'm looking at him and it's almost as good.

"I know it's a stupid nickname, but remember what I said about the Kitten? You're too strong to let something take you down. Just like with Cavanaugh, you would have gone after her if I didn't hold you back. You'll do the same thing in your life."

Heat snakes around my body, wrapping me up and spreading to my cheeks. Will I ever get tired of hearing him say things like that?

Caleb touches my cheeks. His fingers tickle the same path as all the heat inside me. "I like this. The pink."

"You, do?"

He nods. And then he's looking at me all different again, but even more differently than before. It's like it's the first time he sees me. But I see him. I always have.

His hands are still on my face, but his lips are now on mine. They've never been here before. Heck, no guy's lips have and I'm unsure what to do. It's a soft kiss. Just little movements of his lips over and over. They're closed mouth kisses, no tongues, just a meeting of lips, warmth, and tingles.

Soon, I'm doing it back, meeting him kiss for kiss. Is it possible that I feel a kiss everywhere? That they can make hummingbirds dance in my belly, and electricity to zip beneath my skin? Make me feel too hot, but perfect at the same time? It is possible because that's what I feel right now.

He sucks my bottom lip into his mouth a little before peppering more of his soft kisses to my lips and then his tongue teases the seam of my mouth. I don't have to be asked twice. Hoping I'm doing this right, hoping those hummingbirds can fight off the nerves inside me, I open up for him. Letting his tongue touch mine. It's a game of give and take, of exploration as he tastes me and I taste him. I learn his mouth and then he learns mine. I'm dizzy. I can hardly breathe air, so I breathe Caleb instead.

And then the game is over. He pulls away, but not before one more of those gentle, closed mouth kisses. If he wasn't holding me, I'd probably fall. Caleb can kiss and I can only hope by the way he's smiling at me, I can too.

"The other day you said you weren't anything special. You're wrong, Caleb. You are someone very, very special."

And those words earn me another kiss. Go me!

Chapter Thirteen

Sunday morning Mom wakes me up and tells me she wants us to spend the day together. Me? I want to sit around and touch my lips all day. Or better yet, go back to Caleb's and maybe his mouth can touch them a little more. Since that's obviously not an option, I settle on finding that exact moment our lips touched in my mind.

I remember it while eating breakfast. Touch my lips. Sigh.

It pops into my head while we go for a drive. Touch my lips, like I can hold his kiss in. Sigh.

When the couple in the romantic comedy we go see kiss? Yep, I'm definitely remembering our kiss now. My lips tingle and I can't stop wondering if he'll do it again tomorrow. I mean, are we a couple now? I know he's planning on leaving town soon, but will we be together until then? Will he change his mind? Is he going to treat me differently at school?

"Did you like the movie?" Mom interrupts my thoughts. We're back in the car now, driving toward him. I immediately feel guilty because I've been distracted all day. This is the first time in a long while we've spend time together without fighting and here I am playing reruns of my make-out session with Caleb over and over in my head.

"Yeah. It's was cute. Did you?"

"You know I'm a softie when it comes to romance. Of course I liked it." Mom smiles at me.

"Me too," I mumble. I never was real romantic before, but a sexy pair of green eyes and some kissing can change a girl's mind real quick. She tried so hard today that I want to make an effort too. "Wanna go get some ice cream? My treat." It's fun to say that. My job may be boring, but it's putting a little bit of money in my pocket.

Mom smiles. "Sure." We head over to the ice cream parlor. She gets a strawberry shake and I get chocolate. We sit in one of the polka dot booths in the corner. "How's school going?" she asks.

"Good." I think about the way The LP has left me alone lately. How I might have a boyfriend when I show up at Karma High tomorrow and change my mind, "Great, actually."

We play that back and forth game for a bit, talking about work, school, and all that jazz. I'm trying to pay attention. I really am, but my thoughts keep going back to the boy in the cabin. The one who's alone. Oh, and the one who likes to kiss me. Somehow it makes me start wondering about my dad too. About him and Mom.

I stir my milkshake with the straw. "Mom? Can I ask you something?" My nerves are rattling slightly. We've never been able to calmly talk about this subject, but then, I've never brought it up in this context before either.

"Of course, kiddo. You can always ask me anything."

I sigh, because we both know that isn't true. "I want to ask you something about my dad. Not about," I lower my voice. "You know... but something happy. I want a good memory. Like something about how you guys met or something sweet he did for you?" My eyes are really taking in my milkshake because I'm scared to look at her. I never realized I need this, but I do. I need something about them.

Realizing I can't make eyes with my drink all day, I slowly raise my head to look at her. Her eyes are on me and I have a feeling they've never left. "Please?" I ask.

Slowly, she nods her head. "Well, let's see. You want to know how we met?" It's obvious she's trying to sound much braver than she feels. Her voice is shaky. "This is a little embarrassing, because it was my being careless that brought us together. I'd snuck out of my house. I was eighteen, but still lived at home. They weren't the type to let me go to parties and I always thought I knew better than they did."

I fought the scoff that begged to come out of my mouth at that one.

"I got in an argument with this guy at a party and I left by myself. Well, he had something else in mind, followed me, and when I tried to run away, he grabbed my arm. It was like your father came out of nowhere. I've never seen a real fight before, but I'm pretty sure even if I had, watching him would still be something spectacular. He wouldn't walk away until the boy apologized and then he offered to bring me home." She's smiling and I bet she doesn't realize it. I'm smiling too.

"I can't believe I got in the car with him. This guy I didn't know, but I did and we stayed out all night just driving around and talking. He was smart, so smart, Abbs. And so sweet. I'd never met anyone like him."

Goosebumps traveled up and down my body. She loved him so much. It drips from her words. From the sigh slipping between her lips. Mom's wringing her hands together, not looking at me anymore, but I'm sure at her memories of him, instead.

"I think I fell in love with him that very night. We were inseparable after that. I was in my senior year, and he worked a full time job, but we spent every evening together. We'd dance, talk, whatever I wanted. For the first time in my life I had someone who cared what I wanted. My parents weren't like that. It was always about what they wanted, but not with Christopher."

I gasped. Christopher. How could I not have known my own father's name?

"With Christopher, it was always about me."

We're both quiet for a few minutes. I'm trying to see what she sees, those memories of her past with my dad, but of course, I can't. My cheeks are wet and I realize I'm crying. One look at Mom shows me she is too.

When she looks at me again, it's as though she found a way to turn off all the emotion. All those little bits and pieces of my dad she let come to the surface, she's pushing away again. "But things change. They're not always what you think they are. Come on, kiddo. Let's head home."

Just like that, our conversation is over.

***

This morning, I use more than just Mom's perfume. I spread a little gloss on my lips, but then take it off again. If there's going to be any kissing going on, I want to taste Caleb and not artificial strawberries. I dig out a really cute yellow shirt from the back of my closet. It's much more girly than the t-shirt hoodies I usually wear. I'm ready about ten hours...okay, maybe thirty minutes before I'm supposed to meet him, so I spend the morning pacing my living room and hoping to burn off some the nervous energy before I see him again.

About three minutes before I'm supposed to meet him, I skip down my stairs. As soon as I turn onto the street, I see him waiting for me. His back is to me, but it's like he hears me and turns to look at me too.

I blow out a deep breath. Come on, Abbs. You can do this. My feet start carrying me to him. Caleb doesn't come toward me, just stands there with his hands buried deep in his pockets. It takes about three years before I reach him, or at least that's what it feels like. "Hey," I say, knowing it's lame, but not sure what else to say.

"Hey," Caleb mumbles back. He gives me a small smile and starts to walk. "You do anything yesterday?"

Thought about you all day. "Not much. I hung out with my mom all day. We went and watched a movie. You?"

He only shakes his head. I risk glances at him every few minutes while we're walking. His eyes have dark circles around them and they're bloodshot. His skin looks pale, paler than usual. He looks tired. More tired than I've ever seen him. "Is everything okay?"

He doesn't even look at me when he talks, his eyes, watching his feet while mine watch him. "Not feeling too hot. I had a bad headache last night and it's just now wearing off."

"Did you get any sleep?"

He shakes his head. "I fell asleep a few times, but I kept having crazy-ass dreams. They kept me up and if it wasn't that, it was the some animal prowling."

I want to reach for his hand. To somehow hope it makes him feel better, but I'm too scared. What if the kiss was a fluke? "Animal?"

"Yeah, I live in the woods, Abby. Remember? There are animals out there and sometimes I hear them outside the cabin."

I stumble a little, shocked at how he snapped at me. "Well, sorry."

"Shit." He looks at me for the first time. "I feel like crap. I don't mean to take it out on you."

"It's okay." I wonder why he didn't just stay home, but don't ask.

When we reach the grounds of the school, Caleb stops where we always do, down by the tree line. "Well, here we are." He looks at the ground again while he speaks.

"Here we are." Please, kiss me. Touch my hand, my shoulder, anything so I know you like me.

He doesn't. "I have to head up the hill to woodshop." Woodshop is to the side of the school, up the hill the opposite way from where I'm heading.

"Okay." Before he can walk away from me, I walk away from him. I stressed and worried for nothing. Did I really expect Caleb to treat me differently? Things will never be different for me.

***

I don't even open my lunch as I sit by myself in the cafeteria. It's been a crap day and all I need is a crap lunch to add to it. Caleb's done his typical disappearing act all morning. I haven't seen him in the halls once. Today is no different than another other day, but it feels it. Feels lonelier because somehow, I thought he would be by my side.

I open the top of my Pepsi and as soon as it pops, my head jumps up so I'm not looking at the table, but the cafeteria door. Caleb's standing there, looking around the room. Some of the other people are looking toward the door too, probably wondering what Caleb Evans is doing coming into the lunch room. He's never in here. He's usually across the street with his hoodlum friends.

His eyes keep circling around the room and finally they land on me. It's different than it was this morning, because this time when he sees me, he smiles. I might or might not have given him the biggest smile of my life in return. He starts walking toward me and it takes everything inside me not to walk over and meet him.

"Is this seat taken?" Caleb asks, cocking his head toward the seat beside me.

"Nope."

He sits down beside me. His thumb brushes my cheek as he sits down. The tingles are back, zipping through my body.

"Hi."

"Hi." I return and then he leans forward and gives me a quick kiss. I swear a chorus starts singing hallelujah somewhere in the lunchroom, but I don't look.

Caleb ruffles his hair. "Sorry I was a prick this morning. I felt like shit. And..." he looks down, then up at me through his lashes; the vulnerable Caleb's back. "This is a little...different for me."

Without hesitation I reach out and grab his hand. "That makes two of us."

I float through the rest of the school day, riding a Caleb high. When Stacy gives another one of her fake, invasion of the body snatcher, 'hi's', I actually return it this time. Don't get me wrong. I hate her. We'll never be friends even if she isn't just planning something, which I'm sure she is. But I'm too happy to care. I'm too happy to let her get me down and I'm too happy not to let her see it.

When I head out the back door after school, my eyes go straight to the line of trees.

And he's not there.

I can't believe he's not there.

"Hey, Kit-Abby."

I turn, following the voice and Caleb's leaning against the building waiting for me. That's right. For me. "Hi." My whole face flames. What is it about him that turns me into a boiled tomato? Well, if people actually boiled tomatoes, that is.

Caleb pushes off the wall and scratches that back of his head, looking at me. Is he a little unsure too? Not sure if he should hold my hand? I have no idea, but I hope so. It's not only misery who loves company, but girls in their first relationships too.

He laces his fingers through mine and I seriously have to bite my tongue not to squeal. Cheesy? Yep, but I like cheese. "Can I ask you something?"

Caleb gives me a small shake of his head.

"Why do you stop yourself from calling me Kitten now?"

He gives his head another rub/scratch and I know this is his nervous thing. Mine's blushing and rambling and his is rubbing his head.

"Your little friend."

"Huh?"

"The jerk from the kitchen. You must have been too pissed at me to catch that part, but he talked shit about it. I couldn't care less what he thinks, but I didn't want to use it if you think it's lame too."

I squeeze his hand. Look at me, being all comforting and girlfriend-ish. "Absolutely not. I love it." And I'm not even too embarrassed to admit it either.

We're in the woods now, walking on the path that's so familiar. It's something else that feels like ours I realize. I know I shouldn't do it. I'm pretty sure being clingy isn't considered sexy, but I have to know. "So...you're leaving when you turn eighteen, right? When's that?"

Caleb groans. "Two months."

Two months? That's nothing. "Why not wait until you graduate? It's not long after."

"Maybe. I don't know. There's too much shit here. Too many memories, I guess. What's the difference? Two months? Three months? Three and half? It's all the same thing." His words crush me a little.

"Well... a high school diploma for one."

"Kitten, I could skip every class between now and end of the year and graduate. I could sleep through a GED test and still pass it. School's not a problem." He rubs his thumb against my hand. My heart jumps. Will I ever get used to this?

"What do you mean?" I'm not sure how someone can skip almost a whole semester and graduate.

"I'm...nothin'. I don't want to talk about that, but." He stops and turns me so I'm facing him. "I can't stay here. Hell, I would have left a long time ago, but how would I rent a place? Stay in a hotel or anything like that until I'm eighteen. You don't know what it's like staying in that house, Abby. The things I see every time I look around it."

Call me crazy, or I have no idea, but something takes me over. Something that's not me, but maybe a little bit of the strength Caleb thinks he sees in me, but I quiet him with my mouth, pressing my lips to his. I don't want him to have to talk about this. To bring up all those memories of his parents. He takes so much of my pain from me; I just hope I can erase some of his.

Caleb moans, taking over by slipping his tongue between my lips. He's holding my face, then his hands slide behind my neck and thread through my hair. I taste mint. Smell Caleb. Feel his warmth encasing me as our mouths move together and our tongues tangle.

It's me who moans-or I guess I groan-when he pulls away. He twists a lock of hair around my face. "You're always so shy and I like it, but you're getting more comfortable around me and I like that more. I'm not sure I really deserve it, but when I'm with you, you kind of make me feel like I do."

Before I have the chance to ask him what he means, he has my hand again and we're walking again. Toward home. Away from this solace I have with him.

Chapter Fourteen

Gabe shows up at my work a little after 7:00. Like always, I'm a mixed-up ball of emotions because there's a part of me that's really excited to see him. I like Gabe. I don't like him the way I like Caleb, but I do care about him. He's a friend and that means a lot to me. Then there's that other part of me that knows it would be easier if I wasn't friends with Gabe, because of how Caleb feels about him. Of course, I don't get why he feels that way, but for some reason, he thinks Gabe's trouble.

But no matter what, I'm not the type of girl to bail on a friend. I know how it feels not to have them and I can't turn my nose up at him for no reason.

I give Gabe a small smile while I wipe down the last dirty table in the diner. About thirty seconds after Gabe walks through the door, Liz walks up to me. "How do you feel about heading out early tonight?"

"Um, sure. I guess." What am I really supposed to say to that? No? "Thanks." I hold a finger up to Gabe to tell him to hold on a second and then head behind the counter to write my time in. A minute later I'm heading out. Gabe's not inside, but I see him waiting for me outside. It's twilight, the sun hiding behind the mountains.

"Hey. I got off early tonight." Obviously. I shuffle. Is he going to ask me to hang out with him? I kind of want to, but again, I think about Caleb. Is it okay for me to do stuff with another boy? "I see that. Are you heading home or you want to do something? I saw a flyer that they play old movies in the park. We could go hang-out there if you want? I figured it might be fun for us to actually do something together."

You know how people tell you they have an angel on one shoulder and a devil on the other? Not me. No, not a vampire either, but I have Mom sitting on my right shoulder. Her finger shaking away while she's telling me this is dangerous and I need to get my butt home. The image on the other shoulder is a little more tempting. A sexy pair of green eyes looks at me, telling me to ditch Gabe. That's he's a jerk and I should go hang-out at the cabin.

And I really do want to go to the cabin, but I also have Gabe standing in front of me, looking as lonely as I used to feel. There's something about him, something hiding behind his smooth demeanor that tells me the sad Gabe I talked with in the car the other night. The one whose snobby parents don't appreciate him and his housekeeper is his best friend. That's the real Gabe. When those parts show, he doesn't look practiced. What kind of friend would I be if I bailed on him?

Somehow, I'm going to have to make Caleb understand that. Which he will, right? He knows how lonely I've been and he wouldn't want me to do that to someone else. "Sure. Sounds fun."

Gabe smiles and for a minute, it reminds me of Caleb. Not because they look alike, but because it's the first time I've seen a real one out of him. It's vulnerable. Not as smooth.

"You have to be home by 9:30, so your mom won't know, right?" He doesn't give me the chance to reply before continuing. "That gives us almost two and a half hours. I promise, you won't regret it."

We hop in my car and I drive over to the park. One cool thing about Mom's vampire obsession is, when I'm sneaking around, I don't have to worry about running into her. Sure she risks running into the boogey man from time to time, but I'd bet my life she wouldn't be caught dead in the park, watching movies after dark.

A little niggling of guilt hits me. Because I'm here when she wouldn't want me to be and because she would never do something like this.

It's pretty full when we get there. People are laid out on blankets, sitting on picnic tables and benches. We find a spot toward the back and slightly away from everyone else. I move to sit down on the grass, but Gabe stops me. "Sorry I don't have a blanket, but here," he shrugs out of his jacket. "Sit on this."

"Thanks, Gabe." I take the coat even though it wouldn't bother me to sit on the grass. He joins me and we sit down. "These are pretty old movies." I tilt my head toward the oversized screen.

"Yep. They're good though. Do you ever watch them?"

I shake my head.

"What? We're going to have to work on that. They're classics."

"What are you? Eighty?"

Gabe shakes his head. "Ha ha." Then he looks sad for a second. "My parents used to go watch movies in the park. It's the only normal thing I remember them doing. I used to beg to go, but they never let me."

I immediately feel guilty for teasing him. I reach out and touch his hand. "I'm sorry."

"Don't be. Such is life. Let's talk about you. How's school going? Are those girls still giving you trouble?"

Even though the LP is the last thing I want to talk about, I appreciate him asking. "It's pretty crazy, actually. They haven't bothered me in a long time. Stacy's even tried to talk to me a few times. I'm thinking lobotomy."

Gabe laughs heartily. "Well, whatever works, I guess."

"What about you? Have you met anyone else in town, yet?"

"No. I'm not always real good with people." He tries to smile at me.

"Yeah...me either."

The movie's still playing in the background, but we're not paying any attention to it. We talk about all the places Gabe has lived, the kinds of subjects I'm working on in school, some of his favorite older movies and I tell him about the show I went to with my mom the other day.

Time ticks by and I know soon I'm going to have to leave. I don't want to for a couple reasons. I'm having fun with him. I feel comfortable with Gabe in a way I've never really felt comfortable with anyone. I feel like I can be myself with him. Like who I am is good enough and though I feel that way with Caleb too, there's always that little undercurrent of electricity. Those fluttery, extra feelings that sometimes make me feel like I'm steps behind him.

But then...I wouldn't trade how I feel with him for anything in the world.

The other reason? I know I have to tell Gabe about Caleb. And I feel bad about it because he was nothing but nice to Caleb, even though Caleb seems to hate him and wants him to die a fiery death or something.

"I like spending time with you, Abigail. I shouldn't...but I do."

I look over at Gabe and for a second, I'm nervous. His blue eyes are so intense, that it's almost impossible to turn away. It's not a scared kind of nervous, but the-moment-is-here kind. "There's no reason you shouldn't have fun with me, Gabe. No matter, what, okay? We're friends and there's nothing wrong with that, but I do have to tell you something." I'm studying the grass real intently now. Gah. Why does everything have to be so mixed up?

Gabe's hand slides under my chin and he lifts my face. "You can trus-you can tell me anything."

Intense doesn't do justice to the way he's looking at me right now. Gabe leans forward. I feel my cheeks heat and jerk back. "This is a little embarrassing." I pull a Caleb and scratch my head. "I'm going to feel really stupid if I don't need to say this, but I want to make sure you know I'm kind of ...with...Caleb...now."

Gabe's whole body visibly stiffens and I'm scared I was way off base and he couldn't care less. Then he mutters, an, "Oh." Now it's Gabe who's not looking at me. "And he treats you well? No offense, but he seemed like a real jerk."

"I know, but I swear he's not. I'm not sure what came over him that night. He's been through a lot." Then I feel stupid for saying that because Gabe has too. "Not like that's an excuse, but...he's special." And I think I love him. What? Oh my God. Do I think I love Caleb? I shake my head. Now's not the time to think about that.

"That's good, then. You deserve it, Abigail. To be happy, I mean. But what does this mean for us?"

Us... The word sounds weird to me, but there is an 'us'. A friends-us. "It means we're still friends. I'm not the type of girl who's going to forget about a friend, Gabe. As long as you like having me around, I'll be here." Unless I die of embarrassment for sounding like such an idiot first...

"Come on, Abigail. You know that's not going to happen. The guy practically ripped my head of when you guys weren't dating. You think he's going to be okay with us hanging out?"

I shake my head. "He'll understand. I know you don't know him, but Caleb wouldn't want me hurt. He's...it's hard to explain. He's had a tough life and I think he somehow feels like it's his responsibility to protect people he cares about." As soon as I say the words, I know they're true. Caleb loved his mom and he couldn't protect her. It wasn't his job, but he thinks it is and he's hated himself for it ever since. My heart bleeds a little more for him.

"He was just being cautious because he didn't know you, but if I explain to him that I trust you, and that I don't want to lose my friend, Caleb will understand. He'll want what's best for me." Because even though he treated Gabe unfairly, I know it came from his heart. From his need to take care of people he cares about.

Gabe's quiet for a minute before he talks. "And what if he's not? What if he tells you to stop being friends with me?"

"Then I'd tell him no." The words are quiet, but true. I would hate to be in that situation. Hate to risk what I have with Caleb, but all my life, I've wanted to be normal. To have friends and those things are happening for me. I know what it feels like not to have someone in your corner and how could I just walk away from a friend? But I couldn't walk away from someone I love either, so how would I tell him no?

"See? You want to think it would be an easy choice, but it would hurt you. No matter what you did." Gabe pushes to his feet. "I'm going to make this easier on you. You won't have to make a choice, Abigail. I'll keep scarce for a while. The last thing I want is for him to break your heart because of me."

I stand too. "He wouldn't do that. You don't know him, like I do."

Gabe gives me a sad smile. "I'll still be around. Don't worry about me. I just don't want to cause any trouble for you."

Gabe turns and walks away, ignoring me as I yell for him to come back.

Chapter Fifteen

Two weeks go by in waves of school and Caleb. We're together every day, both on our walks, during school and after, whenever I can get away. He's lightened up in a way I never really expected my moody boy to be. But I like it. I like everything about him, the quiet and the laughs. The sullenness and the sweet words and kisses. Oh, and there's lots of kissing. I don't mean to brag, but apparently I'm pretty good at it.

I'm really wondering if my luck has changed. The LP is still not bothering me. It's strange because I still get dirty looks from Heather and Tiffany, but Stacy always smiles at me and always tells them to leave me alone. I'm not dumb enough to think it's real, but if they bring it, I'll be okay.

The only downside is, I miss Gabe. I didn't realize how much he meant to me until he was gone. But I miss him. When no one else gave me the time of day, he friended and I think he'll always be my best friend.

"What are you thinking about?" Caleb rolls over on the blanket we're laying on down by his swing.

"Nothing. Everything."

Caleb nuzzles my neck. I don't think I'll ever get used to this. To us. "Your headaches have been better lately, haven't they?" My words come out breathless. How's a girl supposed to talk with Caleb's mouth teasing her collarbone? He gives me little, nipping kisses, before making a trail up to my mouth. I'm rewarded with another kiss on my lips and those familiar fireworks go off inside me that only Caleb ignites.

"Nope. I think you're good for me." He smoothes back my hair, looking down at me.

"It's you who's good for me."

"Yeah? I don't feel like it." He plays with my hair again. "You know I would never hurt you, right? That shit my dad did. That's not me. I'd do anything to take care of you."

But you're still leaving, I want to tell him, but I can't. How can I ask him to stay here? When he feels like he's suffocating in memories here? "I know..."

Caleb leans forward, his lips pressing to mine. I thread my fingers through his hair, needing to pull him closer. I know every millimeter of his mouth now. I've memorized his taste, his feel. It's enough I could drown in it.

"I gotta tell you something. You know Ms. Griggs?" He's still looking down in me, playing with my hair and making it almost impossible to concentrate. "The guidance counselor?"

"Yeah. She took my transcripts, some papers I wrote, my GPA and sent them to this college friend in Oregon or something. I didn't know she did it, but he said I could get in. That with my grades I could probably get a full ride."

I scramble into a sitting position, pushing him off me in the progress. "What? That's fantastic."

"Yeah, she's still pissed at me I won't be acknowledged as valedictorian, but--"

"WHAT?" This time I yell.

He has the nerve to look sheepish. Shaking his head toward the ground. "I told you I'm smart, Kitten."

"Not that smart! Not that I don't believe it, but wow... That's awesome, Caleb. Why won't you be acknowledged?"

Caleb groans. "Because it's never been something to be happy about. My dad would kick the shit out of me, 'You think you're better than me? Smarter than me, boy?' All my friends either talked shit or wanted me to do their work for them. It's just not something that's ever done me any good."

I smile and run my hand through his hair. "It's going to do you good now. This is your ticket out of here, Caleb." The words hurt to say, but I want this for him. "You're going to get to leave this town and never look back. I'm so happy for you." I try and make light of the situation by saying, "My boyfriend's a genius."

Caleb laughs. "Not hardly. It's not like that, Kitten. But...I'm thinking of seeing if I can put it off for a while. You graduate early next year, right? We can--"

"No." I shake my head. "Absolutely not. You're not staying here, Caleb. You hate it here and this will be really good for you. You deserve it." He deserves more than this and I'm happy something is finally going right for him even though it breaks my heart to think of him leaving.

Caleb leans back on his hands, the relaxed, no-big-deal-attitude back in affect. "You're good for me too. I told you that."

What he just said is too important for him to try and act like it's no big deal. I crawl forward, sitting on his lap and straddling him. Gah, it still freaks me out I can just do this. Touch him whenever I want. "So I'll come when I graduate. You know I don't want to stay here either."

"Kitten, I... You're the only person in my whole f**king life who's ever been there for me. Who I feel like I matter to them, too. I don't want to walk away from you. I can't leave you behind the way I was left." He leans forward. I have to hold onto his neck so I don't fall backward. Caleb's hands cover his face, rubbing them. I know he does things like this when he needs a minute. When everything is too much. A minute later he pulls his hands away.

"You're not leaving me because I'll come after. I can't let you lose this chance, Caleb. It's too important. You need to do what's best for you."

"See? That's just what I mean."

We don't talk anymore. Caleb's mouth comes down on mine and we kiss. Kiss until there's no one else in the world except us. Until there's not thoughts of him leaving, of me staying behind. Until my heart is forged together with his, just like our mouths.

***

It's been a couple days since Caleb and I had our last make-out session in the woods. I still can't get over how he makes me feel. Does he love me? He didn't say it, but what he did say, in some ways it means so much more. He hates this place, but he would stay for me. That has to mean something, right?

I smile, missing him. We'd separated right after school today because he had a couple jobs to do. How pathetic am I? A few extra hours without him and I'm practically crying into my pillow. Okay, maybe not that bad, but still.

I jump when I hear a light rapping sound from my window. My body goes right into action. It has to be Caleb, right? He must have missed me as much as I missed him! I slip the lock open and slowly open my window.

It's not Caleb.

It's Gabe.

I'm caught between being bummed it's him and excited because it's been so long since I have seen him. "Hey. What are you doing here?"

"I can go, if you want. I just thought..."

"No!" I whisper/yell, wanting him to know I'm serious, but not wanting Mom to hear. "I didn't mean it like that. I'm just surprised, that's all."

Gabe shrugs. "I miss you. I know I shouldn't, but I do."

"I miss you too." I miss my friend.

"We're friends, right?"

"Of course!" I smile at him "I told you that. You're one of my only friends, Gabe."

His voice sounds off. I can't really explain how, but he sounds different. Agitated. "Can I trust you? I mean, can I talk with you honestly for a minute? I care about you, and I'm a little worried."

"Always, be honest with me. You don't have to worry about me though. Everything is good." What's with guys and always being worried? Like as a girl, I can't take care of myself or something.

"It's about your boyfriend."

I actually feel the color drain from my face. Did they see each other? Fight. "Is he okay?"

Gabe shakes his head. Worry spikes inside me. "I don't think he's being honest with you, Abigail. I don't trust him. I'm afraid he's going to hurt you."

Relief starts to replace the worry. "Funny, he says the same thing about you." I try and play it off like his words don't affect me, but they kind of do. I trust Caleb. I do, but there's a part of me that still worries if this will all be taken away from me. That somehow this is some big, cosmic joke and I'm the one who's going to get laughed at.

"I'm sorry. Maybe I've said too much..."

"What... what makes you think that? That you think he's not being honest, I mean?" Not because I don't trust Caleb, but because I'm curious.

"I didn't want to tell you, but I saw him with a girl. She's our age, with long black hair. They were laughing together and holding hands. I could be wrong, but I think that's part of the reason he doesn't want me around you either. He might know I saw them together, and he's scared I'll tell you."

My heart stops. No. No, no, no. Stacy has long, black hair. Could it be? No, it couldn't. Why would they be together? Maybe it was another girl. Another time. Before we got together. I feel like I'm going to be sick.

"I thought maybe it was his ex or something, but then I saw them together again tonight."

My stomach churns. I'm so close to puking. We weren't together today. For the first time in forever. My eyes start to sting. Why? Why would he do this to me? No, something inside me says. This is Caleb. He would never hurt me like this.

"Maybe I'm wrong," Gabe says. "But I thought you should know.

"No." I've said it over and over in my head, but this is the first time I manage it out loud. "Thanks for telling me, Gabe. I appreciate your concern, but it couldn't have been Caleb. He wouldn't do that to me."

Gabe's smile is sad as he backs away from my window. "I'm sorry. I hope you're right. Sleep well." Like he's so good at, Gabe walks away from me.

***

"You've been awfully quiet today, Kitten." Caleb says to me as we're walking. Our hands are linked. I'm savoring the feel of him. Trying to suck confidence from the way he holds me that this is real. That he'd never go behind my back with the person who hates me more than anything.

I hate the thoughts that have invaded my head all day. What if they were working together? What if this was Stacy's idea of a joke? Be nice to me and let me think my life is normal before taking it all away from me? I hate doubting him. Doubting myself too. I deserve this and him and nothing will take him away from me. "Sorry. I just didn't sleep too well last night."

Caleb rakes a hand through his hair. "Yeah, me either. I had another headache and some really crazy dreams last night."

I tilt my head at him. "Dreams?" He's hinted to them before, but never gone into any detail about them.

"Crazy stuff... It's... nothing. Don't worry about it." I let it go. I have too much on my mind to worry about nightmares.

"Can I ask you something?" Caleb says. I nod my head and he continues. "That guy? Gabe. You don't see him anymore, do you?"

I almost trip, but catch myself. It's a coincidence. It has to be. He might know I saw them together, and he's scared I'll tell you. "Um, no. Not really. Why?"

Caleb stops, so I do too. "Listen, I know this is going to sound crazy. I swear I'm not some possessive boyfriend, but there's something off with him, Abby. If he tries to come around you, I want you to stay away from him. Can you do that for me?"

Why, Caleb? Why do you want me to stay away from him? "He's my friend." Is the answer I give.

"Kitten...fine. Whatever. Can I see you tonight? I'll come to your work and then ride home with you."

Why? So you'll be there if Gabe shows up? What is wrong with me? Why do I doubt him so easily? What kind of girlfriend am I? He wants to see me and I want to see him. That's what I should be focusing on. "Of course. It'll be fun."

We're quiet then, until we hit the stop sign. "Are you ever going to let me walk you to your door?" he asks, brushing my cheek with his thumb.

I want to be excited, like he wants to meet my mom because he cares about me and not because she's the vamp freak. "Caleb..."

"Shh. No biggie." And then he gives me that look. Like he's soaking me in. When his lips take mine, I forget everything, but him. Us. Because someone who kisses me so thoroughly? You can't fake that. Can you?

***

"I see you've taken this book seriously, Abby. I found it shoved in your closet," Mom says the second I walk through the front door. "You know, if you didn't want to read it, you could have just said so."

I drop my backpack to the floor in front of the door. I do not need this today of all days. "Really, Mom? I could have just said so? Yeah right, but I will now. I don't want to read it." This time, there is no guilt mixed with my words. I don't care if her feelings are hurt. If she's upset, because I'm upset. I don't know who to believe and it's all because of Mom and stupid books like Modern Vampire.

"Excuse me, I need to go to work." I start to walk past her.

"What's gotten into you lately? You know how important this is! If you can't take it seriously, you won't go back to your job. You only keep it if I can trust you."

I whirl around. "Oh my God! Does the universe freakin' hate me?" Why does everything have to happen at once? I'm tired... so tired of everything. Of being hurt, of being scared of being hurt. Of vampires. "Did you know I have no friends, Mom? That I lie to you so you wouldn't feel guilty that everyone at school calls me the vamp freak? That they all tease me because I have a crazy mom?"

Her hand flies to her mouth and it's shaking. I'm shaking too.

"So go ahead. Take the only thing in my life that's normal away from me. My only freedom from being the vamp freak. Or the ungrateful daughter who had the nerve not to want to carry a stake around with her. What's it matter now, anyway? Vampires have already ruined my life. Maybe it's time I stop pretending I can ever have one."

She's crying and I almost stay. Almost apologize, but I don't. I run upstairs to get ready for work. Until she tells me I can't go, I'm going to go.

Chapter Sixteen

I toss the last plate in the bin, not sure if I'm excited Caleb should be in in a few minutes or not. I mean, I am. It's Caleb, but my thoughts are all mixed and jumbled. Vampires, Moms, mean girls and other boys are clouding what I feel. How he always makes me feel and I hate it.

I pick up my dish bin and turn toward the kitchen when I hear the front door jingle. I don't know how I know, but it's him. I can feel it. My skin starts to tingle and my insides turn to goo. Yep, it's Caleb and just knowing that starts to make everything better.

"Abby!" My grip on the dish bin slips when I hear him frantically yelling through the small diner. The dishes crash to the floor as I whip around and gasp. Something is wrong. Terribly wrong. Happiness from just seconds ago is replaced by dread, making me dizzy.

Caleb's eyes are wide, his head jerking around as he scans the restaurant. I can hear him breathing from twenty feet away. "Abby!" he yells again, before his eyes connect with mine.

He runs toward me. The few patrons are all staring now, watching us. Liz looks just as curious as everyone else.

"We have to get out of here!" Caleb reaches for my hand, but I jerk it away. He's freaking me out. It's almost like he's on something. Does Caleb do drugs? I don't think so, but right now, I don't know what to think.

"Shh. You're going to get me into trouble." I know it's about the stupidest thing I can say. The damage is done. My boyfriend is spazzing out at my work and my boss is right here, but I don't know what else to say. "Go outside. I'll meet you later." Maybe... Dirt is caked on his shoes. His eyes are wild now, like I've never seen him before. No, I have seen him like this, I realize. Seen those crazed eyes before and it was in my dream.

"We can't. We need to go now. Your mom was right. Vampires!" His hands rake through his hair. "Gabe! I saw him. Blood... Stacy... He wants you, Abby."

The customers to my left shift uncomfortably, looking nervous before they get up and leave. There is a table of two in the corner, their eyes wide and darting around. They shake their heads, looking at me. Liz is behind me.

"Listen, kid-" Liz starts to say, but Caleb cuts her off.

"I don't have time to listen!" He yells.

I can't breathe. I suck in a breath, but it's like there's none there. I reach up, trying to remove the invisible hands that strangle me. Not sure what else to do, I start to cry.

One of the men stands up as though he's going to do something.

Caleb steps forward. I can't bring myself to pull away when his hands gently hold each side of my face. "Don't cry, Kitten. We'll get out of here. I know you're freaked out, but I promise I won't let anyone hurt you. I won't let Gabe hurt you."

I can hardly hear him. The only noise in my head is what Gabe said. He worried Caleb was playing me. He'd seen him with Stacy. This has all been a game. A trick. He wants to make a fool out of me in front of everyone. Everyone will now know Mom believes in vampires and they'll think I'm crazy too.

A cry breaks free from the back of my throat.

I pull away from him. "Go away, Caleb. I have no idea what you're talking about."

"Don't do this, Kitten. Please let me keep you safe. I saw him with f**king fangs in Cavanaugh's throat!" Caleb reaches for me, but I scramble backward. Stacy... It's the two of them. But why? I know why she would do this, but why would he do this to me? I start crying harder now. He looks so convinced. Like he thinks this is real that I almost want to go to him, but that scares me more than any of this. If I go to him, that's admitting something I can't admit. It's saying I think vampires are real. It's saying my biggest fear has come true and I'm crazy like her.

The man from the table makes fists, rushing toward Caleb.

Caleb reaches for my hand again, but I rip it out of reach. Caleb's hands instead go to his head as he clutches his hair, pulling at it. He pushes against his temples, a strangled cry breaking through the now silent diner. "Oh, shit. He's here. He's messing with my head, Abby! The headaches, the dreams, the noises outside my cabin. Fuck! Get out of my head!"

The guy shouts at Caleb again. "Kid, I'm going to call the police. You're upsetting my wife! Why don't you take it outside?" Liz, I suddenly realize, has been pulling at Caleb's arm, trying to move him to the kitchen. He brushes her off, ignores the man. I'm so humiliated.

Convulsions wrack my body. I'm choking on my own tears, caught between reaching for him. Holding him, because God, is he crazy? "Caleb?" I can hardly get his name out.

His head jerks toward mine. "Don't talk to me like that! Don't look at me like there's something wrong with me. I'm trying to protect you and you're too stupid to trust me!" His words slap me across the face. He grabs his head again. "Shit! I didn't mean that. Just come with me. I'm telling you, YOUR MOM WAS RIGHT! Vampires are real and they're after you!"

I collapse to my knees. Someone help me! I don't' know what to do. Why isn't anyone doing anything?

"That's about enough. I am calling the police," Liz tells him. And she means it. She's got her phone in her hand, and she's waiting for somebody to answer.

Every part of me is screaming at me to go to him, that he's in pain, but how can I believe what he says? How can I think vampires are real? Just like the LP, he's taken my weakness and played on it.

Tears blur my eyes, but when the bell over the door jingles again, I can make out the figure standing there. Gabe.

"Abigail? What's going on?" he asks.

Wierdly, all of a sudden, the man from the corner booth sits down. And Liz hangs up the phone. Maybe Gabe makes them feel safe, like he's normal or something. But it's odd.

Caleb turns toward Gabe and I stand, reaching for them both, hoping to stop the fight I know will happen. When I do, Caleb jerks away, his eyes murderous as they land on Gabe.

"Don't talk to her!" He stands up straight, not holding his head like he had been as he stepped toward Gabe. "I saw you. I know what you did, but you can't have her, you bloodsucking freak!"

Vamp freak. Abby you're such a freak! I hate that word. Hate hearing it thrown around to attack someone else. Someone who's like me, alone. "Caleb, stop it. Please just stop!"

"Don't trust him, Kitten. Please..." His voice cracks. God, he sounds so hurt, like he really believes the craziness coming out of his mouth. But it's crazy. He sounds just like Mom. I don't want to believe him.

"You're scaring me, Caleb." I try pleading with him to stop, hoping he can hear the pain he's causing me. I look at the man, hoping for help. He has an odd, spaced-out look on his face. Why isn't anyone helping us?

"Abigail? What's going on?" This time it's Gabe who speaks, and what a mistake it is. Caleb breaks our connection and lunges for Gabe, punching him in the face. I try to pull them apart, yell for help, but still no one does anything to stop it. Caleb hits Gabe over and over again and for some reason, Gabe doesn't fight back. He jerks a look over at me as if to say, "and you like this jerk why?"

Liz is standing frozen in the back of the counter, her eyes unfocussed. The man starts moving towards the door, their eyes like Liz's. It's so surreal. What the hell. Somebody has to stop Caleb from killing Gabe, so I run toward them. I don't care if I get hit, I just need him to come to his senses. Caleb takes another swing right when I jump between them and his knuckles graze my jaw, but by some miracle, Gabe pushes me out of the way.

"Shit! Abby, I'm sorry. I would never hit you. You know that. Come here, Kitten. Please come with me."

I don't move. He'd almost hit me. I know it's an accident, but I'm still shocked. And my heart breaks because I know how much he hates his father and I know, no matter what's going on here, Caleb's not like him.

He's hurting... he's in pain. I don't know what's going on. Maybe it's the stress of being on his own, but whatever's going on, it's hurting Caleb as much as it is me, only in a different way. He reaches for me again and I'm going to let him this time. If only to calm him down, and hopefully get him some help, but he screams again. Grabs his head.

"Abby, I have to tell you something. I saw something tonight," Gabe tells me.

Slowly, Caleb straightens from his bent over position. "Please...please don't go with him."

"Haven't you hurt her enough?" Gabe asks him.

"Fuck you." Caleb replies and I wonder what Gabe means. My wonder doesn't last very long.

"Caleb? You did it?" Stacy Cavanaugh walks up to Caleb's side.

I can't breathe.

My chest aches.

It's true. All along Stacy and Caleb were playing me.

"What the hell are you talking about? Get away from me!" Caleb looks at Stacy.

She laughs. "It's over, Caleb. You played her, just like we planned. No need to pretend anymore."

It's all I can stand. I run out of the restaurant and make my way to my car. I open the door, lock it and cry. I know I should leave, but I can't make myself drive right now. I love him and he never cared about me. Nothing was real. Nothing will ever be real again.

Minutes pass and I cry and cry. Tears wetting my shirt, but I don't care. The pain is too much. I feel like I'm split in half. I don't stop crying, even when someone knocks on the passenger window. I know its Gabe.

Hitting the button, I unlock the door. Without a word, he pulls me out, walks me over the passenger side and sits me down.

"I'll drive," he says. All I can manage is a nod.

We're on the road in a matter of seconds. My thoughts are still back at the diner. Still with Caleb. "What did you do after I left?" Gabe mumbled something. I could have sworn it was, "cleaned up", but that didn't make sense. It had only been a few minutes, which definitely wasn't enough time to clean the mess in the diner. "What?"

"Just let him know how I feel about him and what he did. That's all."

Fear spikes inside me. "Did you hurt him? I hate fighting, Gabe." I don't know why I care. He obviously doesn't care about me.

But I still don't get it. After Stacy came in and revealed their relationship, Caleb was still acting wrong. Why did Stacy's words freak him out so much?

I feel Gabe's eyes on me. Like my words shock him. "After everything you care if I hurt him?"

I can't bring myself to answer. Gabe groans, but I ignore that too, and ask, "Where are we going?"

I feel guilty for bringing Gabe into this. He didn't deserve any of it; Caleb's anger toward him, my choosing Caleb over him. None of it. All he'd done is been a good friend to me. He's being a good friend to me still.

"We're almost there."

He didn't answer my question, but I let it go, too brokenhearted to care. I drop my head against the cold window and stare as we drive down the street Caleb's cabin is off. Just the thought makes something squeeze in my chest.

We keep going and the road gets quieter. I know there are a few miles where there's almost nothing at all and then you come into all the really nice houses in Karma. The part of town where Stacy lives. I'm not surprised Gabe lives here too. But for now... now, there's nothing out here. A chill slides down my spine. I pull my feet up on the seat, hugging my legs to me, hoping he doesn't realize I'm uncomfortable.

"I hate that I make you nervous." Gabe's voice is soft...the softest I've ever heard it.

For a second, I think about denying it, but he deserves the truth. "I'm sorry. It's not you. I think it's just the craziness of tonight."

Gabe gives a quiet humph. "You should always trust your instincts. That's one of the first lessons my sir-father taught me."

My heart starts to accelerate. "Are you saying you're going to hurt me?" I try and tease.

Gabe laughs a friendly laugh and I feel more comfortable again. "I don't think I could ever hurt you, Abigail." He pulls off the road to a place I recognize as the lookout point.

I'd brought Caleb here once, during the few weeks Gabe and I weren't talking. Suddenly, I'm suffocating in the car. I push the door open and stumble away. There's nothing but night, sky woods to the side of us. Out front, the lookout of the city lights. I feel so small here. If I'm honest, I always feel small. But I hadn't recently. Not with Gabe as my friend and Caleb... Tears roll down my face again. "Why did he do this to me?"

A second later I feel Gabe's arms wrap around me. I don't fight them, but bury my face into his chest. "Why me? All of it, Mom, my dad, Caleb. Why does everything bad happen to me?"

I cry as he strokes my hair. "Shh. It's okay. Don't cry."

"No, it's not okay. It will never be okay!" I yell. "He used me. He wanted to make me look like a fool in front of the whole town. You don't know what it's like for me, Gabe. All the kids either tease me or look at me with pity because I'm the crazy lady's daughter. I'm the vamp freak and I always will be And even to my boyfriend! I trusted him!"

I clutch Gabe's jacket as the tears race down my face. I cry for Mom. For whatever is wrong with her to make her believe vampires are real. I cry for me because I'm lonely. I finally thought I left that behind me, but now it pushes down on me so heavy it steals my breath.

I cry for Caleb. The boy I love who I thought maybe could love me too. The boy who made me believe and then betrayed me. And even for the pain of his past. For what his parents did; no one deserves that.

Finally, I cry for Gabe. Dear, sweet Gabe, who is the best friend I've ever had. Who's done so much for me and I don't think he even realizes it. For all the hurt he's endured too, but still here he is, holding me while I cry. There's darkness in his eyes, his past, but no matter what, he's one of the best people I know, and I don't deserve him.

Gabe lifts my face, so I stare at him in the eyes. He looks so pained...so conflicted that the heart I didn't think could break anymore, does.

"Thank you." I have no idea what he's thanking me for. I should be the one thanking him, but I don't have the time to say it because his mouth covers mine. He kisses me sweetly, slipping his tongue into my mouth. My tears mix with his taste as I kiss him back. His lips feel so different than Caleb's as they tease mine.

Gabe pulls me tighter against him and deepens the kiss. It becomes fiercer, needier. Almost like he craves me.

And I want to crave him back, but I hate myself for what happens next. Caleb fills my mind. His kisses, his words, his smile. After everything, I still love him.

I move to pull away, but Gabe does it first. He jerks back from me, stepping backward and away. How did he know what I was feeling? Maybe he felt me start to pull away first? "Gabe, I'm sorry. I..." I try and step closer, but he backs away.

"Don't. Stay away from me." Gabe's typical, smooth voice holds a rough edge.

"I'm not ready. It's not you. I didn't mean to hurt you. You're my friend...my best friend and I care about you."

"Care? Ha. Just go, Abigail."

He hates me. My one and only friend and I somehow made him hate me. What's wrong with me? It's like I ruin everything I touch. "Please, just let me drive you home."

"Get out of here!" he bellows.

A new wave of tears stream down my face as I run to my car, jump in and drive away.

Chapter Seventeen

I stare off to the side of the road as Mom drives me to school. I thought about faking sick today. I almost did, but what's the point? I couldn't stay away forever. One day or another I'd have to face whatever waits for me at Karma High so why not get it over with now? Show the LP, Caleb and his friends, or whoever else knows about what happened that they can't get me down that easily. That I'm stronger than them.

It's a lie of course, but I'm getting used to the lies by now. I'm a regular politician with all the untruths that come out of my mouth.

I crack the window, needing air. Mom knows something's going on. She knew it last night, but I played it off that it had to do with our fight, and then my losing my job. Luckily, she believes me. See? Politician? I make people believe me no matter what I say.

I've never felt as ill as I feel right now. My eyes ache, but nothing like my chest. My stomach is sick. Karma is squeezing the life out of me and I can't find it in myself to care.

Tears threaten my eyes. I still remember what it's like to be kissed by Caleb. How my insides melted whenever he called me Kitten. But I'm madder at myself than I am him because I made it so easy on him.

"Abbs? Are you sure you're okay, kiddo?"

I shake my head, wishing all my memories would fall out. Oh, crap. I didn't even realize we'd already pulled up at my school. "Yeah."

I grab the handle, but she stops me. "All that stuff you told me about friends, and vamp freak? I'm so sorry, baby. I didn't know." Tears fill her eyes. "I didn't know..." she whispers again.

I lean over and hug her. "I know, Mom. I love you." I'm done caring about the rest of it. I don't care what she believes in because she loves me. When everyone else walks away from me, she'll always love me.

"I love you too, Abby."

I get out of the car. "I might be late after school. Don't worry." I slam the door before she can argue. I'll have nowhere to go, but I'm not sure I can handle being home either.

With a sigh, I head toward the building to face my day.

***

Nothing has happened. No laughs, names or sneers. Between each class, I'm waiting. Waiting to hear the words vamp freak. Wondering when the ball will drop and they'll all chime in about what happened at Sampson's. Teasing me on how I could ever think Caleb Evans would like me. Obviously I'm not just a freak, but a stupid one.

But they never come.

All the other students laugh together at jokes I'll never be in on, but for now, at least they're not about me. They answers teacher's questions, get sent to the principal, complain about cafeteria food just like today is a normal day. Like I wasn't in the middle of some psycho-drama last night in the middle of the town's diner.

Is it possible they don't know? How could they not? News travels around Karma faster than a salon filled with old women. What would be the point in everything Caleb and Stacy did if they aren't going to blab about it?

I continue through the day, waiting to be the punch line. Waiting for the joke where I'm the proverbial butt. And that's not even the worst part of my day. The part that really slays me, pun intended, is that I can't stop myself from looking for Caleb. I scan the halls all day, bail on the lunchroom scene to peek across the street to see if I see him. I'm like a regular stalker, but he's nowhere to be found.

And I'm the idiot who's worried about him. I can't shake the feeling that something's...off. How could someone fake the terror I saw on his face? The pain in his voice? Last I checked, Caleb's not a professional actor.

Stop it! How could I explain Stacy? The way she approached him at the diner? My head feels like it's going to split in two.

The bell rings. I glance over at Stacy who's pretending I don't exist. Funny how that's what I always wanted for her to pretend I'm not around, but now that she's doing it, I'm angry. Why did she ruin my life if she wasn't going to do it completely?

She's laughing when she walks past me and I can't hold it back anymore. Years of pain and torment twist together creating a powerful tornado inside me.

And I push her.

Stacy stumbles forward, her hip catching on one of the desks.

"Fight!" Someone yells. I hear the teacher in the background, but right now, I don't care.

"Why! Why did you do it?"

She's looking at me like I'm crazy, and maybe I finally am. Pushing someone? Getting in a fight in a classroom?

"Do what? What are you talking about?" Stacy stands up and she doesn't even look mad. Did I just play into her hand? She doesn't look smug either, just indifferent, before she walks away.

"Abigail Thompson!" Mr. Henry stops up behind me, but I don't wait for him to say anything else. I run. Through the classroom, down the hall and out the back door. My eyes blur, but I keep going until I make it to that familiar tree line.

And he's not there. Of course he's not there. Why would he be? Why would I want him to be? I fall to the ground and cry. What's going on with me? I can't believe I just pushed Stacy. That I ran out of school when a teacher called to me. Is this part of the game? To really make me go crazy? If so, they get an A-plus.

I flash back to Stacy's face in class. To Caleb's face in the diner. How did they act so well? Is it possible-

No! Possible that what Caleb said had been true? But that wouldn't explain Stacy. I clutch the side of my head like I've seen Caleb do so many times.

In a quick movement, I shove to my feet. I have to talk to him. Have to know why he did it.

***

The Cabin's dark. I knock on the door for at least five minutes, even trying the handle. He's either hiding like a coward, or he's not here. I check all our spots. Ours. What am I doing here? Why can't I accept he's gone and never cared?

Instead I check his swing, the creek and that first tree we talked about. It feels so long ago, rather than just weeks like it's been. With no other options, I sit on his porch and wait, even though I know he's gone. He always planned on leaving anyway, so what better time than after breaking someone's heart?

It starts getting darker sooner, surrounded by all these trees. The sun falling asleep, looking for that place it hides every night. Or I guess it just decides to bless the other half of the word with its presence.

I shiver and I'm not sure it's from the chill in the air. The headaches, the dreams, the noises outside my cabin. Noises outside my cabin...

All of a sudden, I can't get out of here fast enough. Leaping down from Caleb's porch, I run. It's not far from his house to the edge of the woods where I won't be swallowed by the shadows of the trees. By the time I clear the distance, it's full on night. Darkness seeps around me. A wave of goose bumps travel up my arms.

I stumble off the curb, picking up the pace as I jog toward my house.

The closer I get, the more uneasy I feel. The back of my neck tingles. Caleb and my stop sign is only a few feet away, which means only one block until I'm home. When I pass the sign, someone steps out in front of me. A scream threatens to pull from the back of my throat, but I can't make a sound. Arms tighten around me, making my survival instincts click in. I kick my captor, my heart nearly exploding in my chest.

"Shh, Abigail. It's just me."

I stop kicking, but still fight to pull myself free. I might recognize the voice, but I still don't like his arms around me right now. "Gabe? Let me go!"

Just like that, his grip loosens. "I always seem to be scaring you. I'm sorry about grabbing you, but you were running so fast, you almost mowed me down. Is everything okay?"

I groan, feeling a little silly. "Yeah, I'm fine. Just scaring myself half to death, that's all. What are you doing out here?"

"I was worried. I felt terrible about the way I left things last night. I went to your window again, but you weren't home, so I've been walking around out here ever since."

Great, another stab in my guilty, untrusting heart. "I had some thinking to do..." He touches my cheek and for a minute, I wonder if he's going to kiss me again.

"I'm so sorry, Abby. I've made such a mess of things." Abby... it's the first time he's called me Abby. And I don't want him feeling guilty. None of this has been his fault.

"Don't be sorry. I've made an even bigger mess of things than you have. I should be the one apologizing to you."

His eyes close and he shakes his head. When he opens them, the agony in his stare rips me apart.

"I don't deserve the faith you've put into me. You have no reason to apologize to me. Ever. If you only knew..."

It's too much. I can't take it. I've lost Caleb, maybe my mind and I don't want to lose something else too. I just want things to be normal. Or as normal as they'll ever be for me. "Stop! Just stop. I'm so tired of everything. Can't we just start over? Make happy or something? There's been way too much drama and I just want things to get back to how they were when we first met."

"Abby... last night..."

I hold up my hand. "Last night you tried to make me feel good. I know I pulled away from you, and I know you know why, but no one else could have comforted me the way you did. You're my... my best friend, and I don't want to lose you. Caleb is gone, and I don't want to lose you, too."

Gabe freezes. Oh, God. Have I messed things up by bring up Caleb? All I wanted to do is give him some of the comfort he's given to me.

"What do you mean he's gone?" Gabe's voice is tense.

Okay. Totally not what I expected him to ask. I shrug. "I don't know. I mean, he's gone. He wasn't at school today and I know it's stupid, but I went to his cabin and he never showed up there either. He'd always planned on leaving town anyway. I guess I was just his parting shot to this town."

Gabe strokes my cheek again. I can tell he doesn't want me to know something's wrong. "What's going on?" I ask. "Did you two run into each other? Did something happen?"

Gabe's voice is oddly detached when he speaks again. "No, it's just Karma."

Karma? The town? What the heck?

"I'm so sorry, Abigail." Slowly, he pulls his fingers away from me as if he regrets what he's doing. He's going so slow, it's almost as if he wants to touch me as long as he can. I know it's wrong, but I take comfort in it. Someone who seems to need me.

Finally his fingers are gone. "I have to go." Then he's walking away from me.

Is it something I've said? Or something I always seem to say when it comes to Gabe because he's always walking away from me.

"Wait!" I yell. "Gabe come back!"

Gabe doesn't stop. If anything, his footsteps increase their pace. I've made a mess of things again. I drop my head back and look at the sky, all dark and with black clouds. "Why? Why do you hate me?"

I look forward again to yell for Gabe to stop, but he's already completely gone.

***

I slam the front door to my house. Before I can turn around, Mom jerks me into her arms.

"Abby, oh my God. I was worried sick about you."

I so don't need this tonight. "I told you I wouldn't be home after school, Mom, and yes, I know what could have happened to me. I could have been absolutely fine, like I am and like 99.9% of the people out after dark. Or, maybe if I wasn't I could have been mugged. Or maybe a psychotic person could have come after me, or I could have been hit by a car, but I wasn't. Nothing happened to me and nothing will. If it does, that's life and there's nothing we can do about it."

Mom doesn't get mad and I wonder if we're past all the fighting. "Abby, what's wrong? What happened to us? You know you can always talk to me, kiddo."

And I want to. I'm so tired of fighting and the secrets, I want to tell her everything, but I don't know if I can. I sigh. "I'm just tired of it all, Mom. I was humiliated by a boy I thought I loved. My job is gone because he came in raving about vampires in front of everyone because no matter what I do, I'll always be the vamp freak."

The color drains from her face. I can't take her hurt. Hers, mine. It's all too much. I try to walk upstairs, but she grabs my arm. Tightly.

"What did you just say? Tell me all of it, Abby. Now!"

She's never, ever talked to me like this. The look on her face, coupled with her tightening grip on my arm, pumps dread through my body. Is this it? Did I push her over the edge? "Mom, stop. You're scaring me." I twist, trying to break free from her hold. "Mom..."

But it isn't my voice that snaps her out of whatever spell she's under. Someone is pounding on the front door. I take advantage of Mom's surprise, and pull away. I don't know what makes me do it, but I reach for the door handle. All the years of vampire rules Mom's instilled in me vanishes as I jerk the door open, hoping whoever it is can keep us from this fight we're having. Maybe it's Gabe and we can go watch movies in the park to make me forget all of this.

"No!" Mom yells as the door swings open so hard it bangs into the wall.

And I get the shock of my life. It's not Gabe's eyes I'm looking into. The eyes staring back at me are just like my own.

Chapter Eighteen

I can't move. Can't breathe. I can't feel anything. It's almost as if I'm in a bubble, or frozen, numb or maybe all of the above. Either Mom's lied to me, or we should have been believing in ghosts rather than vampires.

"Abby! No! Oh, God. Back up. Stay away from the door." Mom's frantic, grabbing at me. I can't feel it, but my body is jerking backward and I know I'm not the one doing it.

Somehow, I manage to keep her from pulling me, no matter how hard she tries. My blond hair too. Brown eyes and blond hair. Mine. Not Mom's red hair and blue eyes. Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God. My eyes won't leave him. My heart won't beat. I can do nothing, but stare and think. How? Why? Nothing makes sense. Nothing. I'm not sure how I'm even holding myself up, right now. "Dad?--" Nothing else will come out of my mouth.

Mom must realize she can't budge me, so she goes for the door instead, pushing it so hard I know it will slam. Somehow, I make myself move, because I know if that door closes, I won't be able to see him anymore. I'm scared if there's anything between us, he'll be gone and I'll realize I really have been crazy all the time.

I throw myself in front of the door, so it hits me, and can't close.

In the background, I hear Mom talking to me, but it's muffled, like my ears are plugged. "Abby, move, honey. He can't come in, unless you invite him. I know your scared, sweetie, but you need to move. Now."

He can't come in. He can't come in. He can't come in.

Mom's choice of words slams into my brain. Why can't he come in? He's alive! Why won't she let him in?

Unless you invite him...

No!

"Mom?" My word squeaks out. I reach to touch her, needing something familiar, but I'm scared too. Scared of her. Scared of the man on the other side of the threshold. Maybe even scared of myself.

"I know, baby girl. I'll answer all your questions. No lies. Just let me close the door. He's got to stay outside so you'll be safe."

The pain in Mom's voice tears through me, adding to everything that's throwing punches at my chest, in my stomach, hailing down hard on every part of my body. I know I should listen to her. This is my mom. The person who's taken care of me my whole life. The one who cared for me when I was sick or scared. But she's also the one who's lied to me. Who told me the man on the other side of the door was dead. Who now says that he can't come in unless I invite him. My dad's a ....I can't even bring myself to think the word.

"Yes, Abigail. You're right, I am and I'll never hurt you." His voice is so smooth. It shimmies its way inside me, echoing out in waves over and over in my head.

"Don't you talk to her!" Mom screams, and then turns to me again. "Don't listen to him. Close the door, honey. Let me talk to you."

Tears burn my eyes, falling freely down my face. I've been split in half: one part who wants to be loyal to Mom. Who wants to run as far and as fast as I can so we can pretend this never happened. The other part? Its needs answers and I fear I'll never get them if I close this door right now. After all the lies, I need to know. More than that, I'm scared I'll never see him again. All my dreams, all my wishes of him coming and making it better could finally come true.

But how can he make it better, make it go away, if I have to invite him in? A shudder crashes through me.

"I won't walk away from you. I'm here and I'll tell you everything. Please, little one. Say the words. I only want to protect you," he says. They're the same words Caleb spoke to me. That he wants to protect me. I didn't listen the first time. I'm not even sure I should have, but I can't make myself ignore them the second time.

I look at Mom and the way her shaking hand covers her mouth, I know she knows what I'm about to do. "Mom, I'm sorry. I... I can't."

"I would never hurt her, Patricia. I love her, too." His voice is soft, soothing. "I've stayed away because I know that's what you want, but I can't do that anymore. The time has come. She needs to know. Things aren't safe for her right now."

I've stayed away... She needs to know... Things aren't safe for her. The words are spinning like a merry-go-round in my brain. I take a deep breath. My voice will be as shaky as my body, I know it. A sob tears from Mom when I open my mouth and say, "I invite you in."

***

I throw myself in between them, when Mom lunges. I stop her, holding her arms tighter than she held mine just a few minutes earlier. "Stay back," I say to my...dad? Can it really be? Is this my father? Then to Mom, I say, "Stay with me." I turn, my back against her. I'm surprised she lets me back her up. "Don't get too close to us." My dad smiles, before nodding once.

"Don't do this, Christopher! Leave! We don't need you!"

"No!" My heart finally finds a rhythm. An erratic one, but one all the same. "Maybe you don't need him, Mom, but I do! I love you, but I will leave with him if you don't let me get the answers I need. You decide. Let this happen where you can watch, or I'll be gone." Which scares the crap out of me. I don't want to leave with him, but I will. I need this and there's no way I can stand by while she takes this opportunity from me.

"You don't understand. He's a monster! He's a vampire."

Hearing her say it aloud is like a slap in my face. Vampire? My dad? How can that be? Does that mean I'm a vampire too? No, that doesn't make sense. I go into the sun and don't drink blood. That's what a vampire is, right? "No..." But if it's not true, why did I have to invite him in?

"Patricia, it's time. She needs to know the truth. You need to know the truth," he says.

"I know everything I need to know," she seethes at him.

"No, Red, you don't."

My head snaps toward him with the nickname. Red. For her hair. He'd called her that in the letter too.

"Don't. Call. Me. Red." I've never heard Mom sound so fierce.

"I'm sorry. You always liked it. I forget how much time has passed." Unlike her, my dad sounds...heartbroken.

"Mom..." I'm such a traitor, getting frustrated with her for how she's treating him. Where has he been all these years? Even if she asked him to stay away like he said, he's still my dad and he should have been here. But, it also hurts me, the way she's treating him. It's like he doesn't matter at all... and shouldn't he? Even if it's only because he's my dad?

My mom doesn't reply to his apology or my saying her name. "You have ten minutes, Christopher. Start talking."

My mom pulls me, walking backward into the living room. She won't take her eyes off him, even to walk correctly. Did he hurt her? What if I let someone in who'd hurt her in the past?

My dad follows us, as if it doesn't matter. He's watching me just as intensely as I'm watching him. "You're so beautiful, little one." His eyes are kind, but also pained. There's no blinking and I wonder if that's a vampire thing, or if it's just because like me, he's afraid if he takes his eyes off me, I'll disappear.

"I..." Don't know what to say.

"Nine and a half minutes left." Mom holds onto my hand as we stand by the fireplace. My dad stops by the couch.

"What do you know, Abby?"

My body shakes, feeling both excited and scared for the answers I've sought for years. Answers I didn't think would mean I'm half vampire. Can you even be half vampire? They're real... All this time, she hasn't been crazy, she's been right. I bite my lip. What do I know? "Um, nothing. I don't know anything, but I want to know everything."

I look at the ground, now nervous about making eye contact with him. So many times over the years I've dreamed of meeting him, and now he's sitting in front of me. He couldn't come in my house unless I invited him, either. Oh, jeez...something really stalks the night. The vampire killing kit in my room really is for a purpose. Oh, crap. I should have read, 'Modern Vampire'. "You're a vampire." I have to test the word. Vampire. It's so different now. "What...what does that make me?"

"Yes, yes, and I don't know. No one does. Only time will tell, little one."

Mom gasps at the same time, a wave of fear pummels her. It's like I'm drowning. His words sucking me under water time and time again. He doesn't know? Time will tell? Oh, God. Not good. I squeeze my eyes shut, dizziness tugging at me. Wake up, Abby. I'm dreaming. Please, please wake up. "Someone tell me I'm being pranked!"

My...dad, the word is so strange, but he laughs. "You're funny. You must get that from your mom."

That one knocks me for a loop because Mom and funny have never gone together.

"And you're not dreaming. For your sake, I wish you were. I'm going to start at the beginning. Is that okay with you? Can I sit down?"

"Yes," I say at the same time, Mom says, "No."

He listens to her. "I was human once a long, long time ago, but I wasn't a nice man. I was wealthy, important. I took what I wanted, not caring who I hurt in return."

I'm shaking, still hoping I'll wake up. That this is some kind of nightmare, but do I really want to lose him already?

"My first years as a vampire were spent the same way. The past fifty, I've tried to make up for my past. If you learn anything from me today, that's what I want you to know, little one. Being a vampire doesn't make you evil. Yes, there are some truly evil vampires out there, but I consider myself a better man now than I was as a mortal. All that matters is what's inside you, not what you are. Vampirism does not define me and if the day comes, it will not define you either."

If the day comes. The day can come? I still can't believe it. He can't be right, can he? Mom stifles a cry, but I can't look at her. Can't see the fear I know is in her eyes.

I nod at my dad, not trusting myself to speak. My eyes stay on him. I'm not sure if I've tuned Mom out or if she's hidden her cries, but I feel the tension rolling off her and nearly bowling me over.

If I become a vampire, Mom will hate me. The knowledge is like a brick wall between us.

"No, little one. That isn't true," Dad says.

A tear rolls down my face.

"Can I continue?"

Please. It takes a minute for me to realize I only thought the word and did not speak it. I'm not sure I have a voice left. My dad smiles at me. Can you hear me?

A nod is my reply, before he continues. Somewhere in the crazy back of my mind, I hear myself thinking, Holy crap! There really is super-human vampire hearing!

"The moment I saw your mom, I knew I needed her. She was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen. The more I got to know her, the more I loved her. She's so kind, so good. Just like you."

Mom doesn't reply, but I smile at him. He loved her. He loves her. Will he love me too?

"I already do, little one."

I feel it. Feel him and I know it's soon. I know it doesn't make sense, but I think I love him too.

"I've never felt like I did when I was with your mother. I was the luckiest man in the world, yet I hated myself at the same time. No matter how much I loved her, I was still deceiving her. Had she known what I was, she never would have loved me, so I lied to her. I thought maybe if I could make her love me enough, then it wouldn't matter." His gaze drifts to Mom before his eyes settle on me again. "I was wrong."

"Your time is almost up, Christopher." Mom's voice is completely detached.

I turn to her. "Then I leave with him."

My dad cuts in, continuing his story. "It wasn't her fault. There's no excuse for the pain I caused her."

"What made you...I mean, why did you tell her?" My voice cracks. I can't believe I'm actually hearing this. That I'm sitting in the room with my vampire father.

"I'd like to think it's because it was the right thing to do, but really it's because she became pregnant with you. Abby, you will never be able to fully understand the emotions that went through my head when I sensed you growing inside her. I've never been so happy, little one. I knew you would be perfect, just like you are. A little part of me and her. The child I never deserved to have, but wanted so fiercely.

"I knew about you long before your mom did. I felt your energy, your life growing inside of her. When she realized, I knew she would tell me, and I knew I would then have to tell her everything. I never dreaded-yet at the same time anticipated-a conversation so much in my two hundred years. I hoped she could accept what I was.

"When your mom told me about her pregnancy we were so happy. She was so scared, because of her parents, but happy. We both wanted you so much."

I hardly breathe I'm so into what he's saying. This is my past, everything I've always wanted to know is being laid out for me. And they wanted me. They loved me.

"But then, I told her the truth. I told her I was a vampire, and, understandably, the knowledge frightened her."

He turns to Mom. "I tried to tell you everything that night, Red. I wanted you to have all the answers, but then things got...out of hand.

"You should have told me from the beginning!" Mom shouts.

"How could I have? You wouldn't have believed me and I didn't want to lose you. You meant everything to me."

"So you lied? You let me fall in love with a monster?"

Dad flinches.

"And you left me without answers all these years? My family wanted nothing to do with me because I got pregnant. Abby and I lost everything."

"I planned to tell you that night. I couldn't lie anymore, but you wouldn't let me and when the other vampires came, I just needed you safe. You wanted me gone and I hoped you would be better without me." Dad shakes his head, looking sad.

"Afterward, I stayed away, but I was never gone. I watched her. Checked in on you both, hoping there would never come the day where I had to tell Abby what I am. The last thing I ever wanted to do is hurt either of you, or disobey what I know you would want, Red."

Mom's tears are matching mine now. The exact reason, I'm not sure, but I can't focus on that. All I keep thinking is that he loved me. He watched over me. It's everything I've ever wanted. I feel connected to him... a bond I can't explain. A link tethers me to him. He wants me. He loves me.

I open my mouth to speak, but I don't have to.

"I always wanted you and I've always loved you. And yes, I check on you every couple months, making sure everything was okay. You've made me so proud, little one."

I sob. Years of pain and wonder seep out of me, floating on my tears and are replaced with happiness. He's not human, and honestly I'm a little freaked out about that. Heck, I don't even know if I'm human, but all that matters is he loves me too. When you don't have something for so long, even if you get it and it's not what you expected, it doesn't matter. No matter what, he's my dad.

It's mom who interrupts my thoughts. "You said you wanted to tell me everything all those years ago, but you didn't. So what don't I know about my daughter? I want the truth, now."

Chapter Nineteen

"Mom, stop!" I beg her. "He said he'll tell us everything and he will."

"Abigail--"

"She only worries about you," Dad cuts her off. "She wants what's best for you." He turns to Mom. "I'm getting there, Patricia. I need you both to know the whole story."

Mom's quiet so he can continue. "When I told your mom, she didn't believe me. At first she thought I was crazy."

Yes...my life is ironic, isn't it?

"One look at her face when she finally realized I was telling the truth about what I was, and I knew I killed whatever love she had for me. I tried to explain, but she was too scared, too angry. I deserved it. She begged me to leave her alone. To walk away from you. It was better for you both, she said. But I didn't want to leave my girls. We fought and I yelled at her... It's my fault. I should have told her long before then." He shakes his head. "

"That's when I sensed them. Others of my kind. Like with humans, there are good and bad vampires, little one, and these were violent... inhuman and not the kind I wanted around you or your mother. I yelled for your mom to run and hide. The vampires were in an abandoned building so I followed their scent. We fought, and by sheer will to protect my girls, I killed them. I could still hear your mom's thoughts: her fear, anger, sadness. Her wish that this was all a dream, and that she and her child would have a normal life."

A normal life... What a coincidence. What I've always wanted is what Mom wants for us too.

"That's all she wanted for you. She wanted you to have the best life possible, as did I. I knew the best way for that to happen was for me to disappear... so I set the building on fire. My plan had been to die in that building, to give you both the freedom from my world that you deserved, but I couldn't. I thought about the vampires I'd just killed. There would be more out there. How would I keep you safe if I were to die? I knew Isaac would come one day."

I immediately wonder who Isaac is, but don't have time to ask.

"And you, little one, what might happen on your eighteenth birthday if you changed and I wasn't there? I thought of you alone and scared in the new life that might come to you. I thought about Isaac wanting to collect you the way he does so many things so I had no choice but to flee the flames. I knew your mom would think I was dead and she could continue to think that way, unless the day ever came where you needed me. That day has come..."

"No!" Mom screams. "No, no no no no...." The same scream echoes in my head, but I can't bring myself to open my mouth and utter it. Thoughts of who Isaac is are gone. Or not gone, but mixed with what else he said. I thought of you alone and scared in the new life that might come to you...What might come on your eighteenth birthday. That day has come... But I'm not eighteen! Does it really matter? Now or then. Oh, God. A vampire? I might become a vampire on my eighteenth birthday? Oh, God. I'll never be normal. Not ever. Never, never, never.

"Yes, little one. I'm sorry. We have no way of knowing if you will change until that day."

Mom lunges at Dad, screaming and hitting him in the chest. "What have you done, Christopher? You should have told me! I should have known!" She can hardly speak through her tears as she wails, "Not my Abby. Not my baby girl. She will never be a monster!"

I stumble backward, running into the fireplace, a hand on my mouth. A monster. I might become a monster. Mom's wailing. I'm crying. I'll be evil. My mom will hate me. The only person in my life to always be there for me will hate me.

"Patricia, stop!" It's the harshest I've heard him speak since this whole thing began. He grabs her arms to stop her from hitting him and looks at me. "No, little one. You will never be evil. You will be the same person you are. Becoming a vampire won't make you evil unless you've always had it in you to begin with. Even more importantly, your mom will never hate you. She loves you and that will never change. Isn't that right, Patricia?"

I don't move as Mom rips herself from his hold and throws herself at me, hugging me and crying. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. No, baby, no Abby....I will never hate you and I will find a way to fix this."

I can't hug her back. Not right now. In a year I could be the one thing Mom hates in this world. She may not think it now, but she will hate me once she finds out she can't fix me. This can't be fixed and I'm not sure I want to be fixed anyway. Not if Dad is right. He doesn't feel evil to me. I pull away. "I'm not eighteen for months, but you said the time had come where I need you. Why?" I'm cut off from everything else. This is what's important.

"I've been gone for a while. Everything was fine last time I checked..."

That's when everything clicks. Like a flash, it becomes clear to me. "Gabe..." I whisper. Oh, God. Caleb had been right.

"Is that his name? Has he hurt you?" Dad stalks toward me. "I need to know everything. I sensed someone when I came back."

My head spins. Gabe, my best friend is a vampire, too? Caleb tried to tell me and I pushed him away, and now... now Caleb's gone!

"Answers, little one! I need to know so I can protect you. Who are Gabe and Caleb?"

I'm wringing my hands together. Caleb... Where is he? Did he run or did they hurt him? It's all my fault. If Caleb's hurt, it's all my fault. "Um, Caleb is a boy from my school. He's not a vampire. He um, well, he's kind of my boyfriend. Well, he was, but then I didn't believe him."

"Didn't believe what? When did you meet the other one, Gabe?"

"He met me in the woods one night. He's never hurt me. He's been a good friend, my best friend but..." I fade off because the truth hits me. Gabe is a vampire. I've never seen him except at night. I'm guessing the whole Modern Vampire thing isn't right. My best friend is a vampire and Caleb knew it. I'm half vampire. Gabe lied... How could I have been so stupid?

I fall to the floor as I recall everything Caleb said to me that night. Gabe drank Stacy's blood. He's after me. He wants me. Did he turn Stacy? No, I've seen her in the daytime too. Was she under some kind of spell?

"Vampires! Abby, I can't believe this. You told me there were no boys. When did you meet this boy? Where? How long have you been lying to me?"

My head spins so much if I hadn't already been on the floor, I would have fallen again. Caleb hadn't lied to me. He only wanted to protect me and I pushed him away for Gabe. Gabe had never been my friend. It had all been a lie. A sob catches in my throat.

"We're leaving town." Mom stalks toward me, but Dad steps in between us.

"There's no way I can leave. I can't leave Caleb. Not after everything he's done for me. What if they've taken him?" I push to my feet as Dad turns to face me.

"He's gone? This boy of yours?"

"Yes. We have to find him!"

I try to run, but Dad grabs my hand. It's the first time we've touched. Part of me welcomes it, while the other recoils. He's undead. He drinks blood like Gabe did to Stacy. And I might do the same thing one day. Blood? Ick. I find myself seriously gagging. I mean, really almost losing my stomach here.

"I would never hurt you. I love you, and I can't let you walk out there. If your thoughts are correct, then you are not safe." Then, more as if he's talking to himself than me, he says, "Isaac must be making a move."

Fear spikes inside me, shocking my system. "Who? Who is Isaac and what does he want with me?"

They totally ignore me.

"I knew you would get her hurt!" Mom yells at him. "I'm taking her away, where they won't be able to find her."

"There is no escaping Isaac if he wants her, Red. You have to stay where I can find you and let me handle this. I will not let anything happen to our daughter."

"Trust you? You're a liar! You're evil! A monster! I will never trust her in your hands!"

"Who's Isaac? Is Caleb with him?" I cry, but Dad doesn't answer.

"I am the only one who can keep her safe, Red. Surely you know me well enough to know I would lay down my life for her. I'm still the man you fell in love with all those years ago."

"No!" I cover my ears, unable to take it anymore. How can they waste all this time arguing? "Stop it! I'm not a doll for you guys to fight over." I pull my hands down, giving Mom my attention. "I know you don't see me as grown up enough to know that's best for myself, but right now, I think I'm more grown up than any girl my age. I'm not going anywhere until I make sure Caleb is okay. And who the heck is Isaac? And who's Gabe? Did they take Caleb? I need to know all of this!"

"No, Abby. You're not going anywhere except with me and it doesn't matter who Isaac is. He's one of them which is all we need to know."

I try not to flinch at her words... because I might be one of them too. "Can't you understand I owe him? All he wanted to do is protect me and I didn't believe him! He tried to fight a vampire for me and they took him. It's my fault and I love him! There's nothing you can do to make me walk away. You wanted me to learn about vampires, I'm about to get some firsthand knowledge. If anyone can keep me safe, it's Dad."

Tears pool in her eyes. "Abby, they're dangerous. I won't risk you. I love you."

"If you love me, don't try and make me leave because I won't go. I love you too, but I'm not going anywhere and I'll never forgive you if you try to make me go. It's not right to leave him."

"I..." Mom replies, but Dad cuts her off.

"Isaac is my father."

My grandpa? Only I would get saddled with an evil vampire grandpa.

Mom opens her mouth to speak again, but Dad continues. "Stay here. No one can come in unless invited. You have that much right when it comes to vampire legend. You're safe during the day, but stay locked inside until I come back for you both. I will take care of Isaac and Gabe and find your Caleb." Dad looks down at me. "I know what it's like to love someone, little one. I will bring him back. I owe you that much."

Emotion washes over me. I knew it. I don't know how I did, but I've always known he would make things better. I jump into his arms. It doesn't matter that I don't know him. That he's a vampire. I'm clutching him as tightly as I can. All he is to me is my dad. A dad who loves me, just as much as Mom does. Someone who will bring Caleb home to me, just because I love him. "Thank you, Dad."

Is it possible for a vampire's voice to crack? I'm pretty sure his does when he says, "I love you, little one."

"I love you, too."

And I do. Which is what makes me feel worse about what I'm going to do. What I knew I would do the second I realized Caleb is gone and in the hands of vampires. There's no way I can sit around in this house and let him go after Caleb alone. Not after all Caleb has done for me.

He pulls away from me and smiles before looking at Mom. "You girls stay here until light. If I'm not back, run, leave town. Don't leave at night. It isn't safe. "I will find you once everything is over."

"Promise me, Christopher." Mom grabs his arm. "Promise me my little girl will be safe if we stay here."

"Our girl, Red. And you have my word." He reaches out and touches her face the same way Caleb did to me, but Mom flinches away. It breaks my heart for him, but he only gives me one last smile before heading for the door, stopping to face us when he reaches it.

I know I don't have much time. I need to get to my room, grab my supplies and get out of here so I can follow him before he gets away.

"I'm scared. I need some time to myself. Please, bring him home, Dad. Mom, I need to be alone. I...I love you." I hug her tightly, silently apologizing, before I run up to my room and lock the door. Fear churns inside me, pumping rapidly through my veins.

Mom... this might be the last time I see her and it kills me. But how can I not do this after what Caleb has risked for me?

I scribble a note to her, dump my backpack and throw in the stuff from the kit Mom packed so long ago in that trunk: a couple vials of holy water, a stake and I kiss the cross around my neck before climbing out my window. God, does this stuff work? I hope she got better information on that than Modern Vampire's daywalkers. "I'm coming, Caleb," I shiver as I whisper it to the night.

It only takes me a minute to get outside. I don't know how, but the night seems darker tonight. Maybe that's a clue at how my night's going to end. Darkness...foreboding... AKA something really, really bad happening and I should climb right back in my house and never leave it again. There's no way I will though. I've sat things out my whole life and that ends tonight. If I'm not too late that is...

I'm concentrating on the darkness in front of me while I sneak around my house. That's why I don't see the figure standing in front of me until it's too late. I run right into him, a scream clawing to escape my throat. But I can't scream. The hand cover my mouth holds it in.

Chapter Twenty

"Shh, little one."

I recognize my dad's voice and immediately stop struggling. "How did you?" And then it hits me. "How do vampire teenagers do anything? The mind reading thing bites...err sucks. Oh crap, you know what I mean!"

He chuckles, but then sobers almost instantly. I know that look.

"I'm not going back," I stammer out.

"It's dangerous, Abby. Your mother loves you and it will break her heart if something happens to you. And now that I have you, I don't think I could handle to lose you either."

My heart climbs into my throat, but I push it down. No matter how much I know he's right, I'm not backing down on this. "You promised to keep me safe, so do it."

"It's not always that easy. My father is evil and he's incredibly strong. It might not just come down to 'just doing it'".

Shut the front door! "My grandfather? Big, bad Isaac is my grandpa?"

"I don't have time to get into it all right now, but yes. If I'm going to find him before daylight, I need to hunt."

Creepy movie music starts playing in my head. Hunt? I shudder. "Then we better hurry up and go. One way or another, I'm finding Caleb. You don't know what he did for me." The image of his face, the terror and determination when he came in the diner makes me want to break down and cry again. How could I have turned him away? "Please, Dad. I need to do this."

"You really do love him, don't you?" he asks.

"Yes, and it's my fault he's been taken. He saw Gabe in action and I didn't believe him. I pushed him away when he needed me. I should have trusted him."

A sad smile graces his face. We're alike in so many ways, I realize, except in his case, it's the other person who didn't believe in him. Mom turned her back on him and there's no way I will do that to Caleb again. But will he turn his back on me when he finds out what I might become? I push those thoughts aside. Now isn't the time.

"You're so grown-up. I missed so much of your life. I don't want to miss anything else." His eyes are holding mine and I know he's going to let me go.

"You won't, Dad. I'll be safe and just know that whether or not you let me go, I will find a way to get to him. Wouldn't you rather I'm with you?"

"You have to do everything I tell you. Isaac will try and use your mind against you. You must focus on your Caleb, on your Mom, your life. Whatever it is that makes you the strongest. Do not let him inside. Know that whatever it is you seek, you will never find it by letting him lead you, no matter what you might think at the time." He pulls out a bracelet with an onyx stone in the middle and black roping from his pocket and ties it to my wrist. "I made this for you. The stone is very, very old and has been blessed against evil by incredibly strong magic. It will help with the mind control and make it harder for vampires to sense you. It won't fully protect you, but will buy you time."

"Thank you."

"I'm not sure I deserve your thanks and your mom will probably kill me when we get back."

"No probably about it."

His face gets tense. "Again, you must listen to everything I say. I don't want you near the fighting. You're going to hide. I say run, you run. If something happens to me, no even if it looks like I'm losing, run. Get home and follow the plan with your mother at first light."

I nod, everything inside me screaming at me to go back inside with Mom. "Do you know where he is?"

"We'll find him. Now we hunt."

***

Who would have thought hunting an evil, grandpa vampire consisted of driving around town with the windows down so Dad could sniff the air until he caught a scent? 'Cause that's exactly what we did. Dad said he would probably be somewhere remote, and if he knew Isaac well, it would be a nice place. Still, we'd been at it about an hour now and he hasn't smelled anything.

"If he's been after me... why didn't you know it if you've checked?" I have to ask.

"I don't stay long and he hasn't been here when I was. Believe me, I would have known. He must have known though... and waited, biding his time."

"Can I ask you something else?" I'm not looking at him, because it's still a little shocking that my vampire dad is sitting next to me, much less that I can ask him questions.

"Of course."

"You said you were human once, but then you said Isaac is your dad. I don't get that."

He doesn't turn to look at me, but something about his features in the dark tells me he doesn't really want to talk about this. "The same way you might one day become like me. I was born like you, transitioned at eighteen."

Oh. That makes sense. I'm not sure why I didn't realize it before. I guess that explained his smooth skin and good looks. Still, he looked younger than mom, but older than eighteen though.

"Vampire genes are a funny thing," he says answering my thoughts. "When you're turned, like the boy probably was, you stop aging. Of course your mind continues to grow, but you're stuck in the same body."

Wow... So Gabe is stuck like this forever?

"But for transition, your body goes through a rapid aging, for a few days. I'm not quite sure how it works, I guess it's just your body adjusting, but you gain years. Depending on how fast you transition, you could gain anywhere from a year to ten or fifteen."

"Wow..." I'm still trying to wrap my mind around all this. How it can really be true. What's Mom look like to him now, I find myself wondering. She's so tired looking. So worn out from seventeen years of being afraid.

"How old are you?"

"One hundred and fifty."

One hundred and fifty? Holy crap I have an old dad!

"Why does your father-your sire-- care about me? And how do you know it's him?

"Because I know Isaac, little one. I always knew if he ever found out about you, he would want you. I'm sure he's been watching to see if you transition. He'll want you. He likes owning things...people."

I'm still confused.

"You have to understand him. He uses people to get what he wants. He likes to to possess. I did his bidding for years. So much that I'm not proud of."

I gulp. What has my dad done? Stolen? Killed?

"Yes. Which I'm sure is why he made Gabe. Another pawn. It's why he'll want you too. He can be very...persuasive and people usually don't enjoy the methods he uses to get what he wants."

Wow... Grandpa sounds like a stellar guy. How lucky am I? Then, another thought comes to mind. I'm almost scared to ask. "And if not? If I don't change, I mean."

"Abby."

"No! I've been kept in the dark all my life. I want to know."

For the first time since we've started talking, Dad looks at me. "Then he'll have no use for you. Or he'll force you to change, himself."

Force me? Dear old Grandpa will kill me or turn me into a vampire? Totally don't want to keep thinking about his. That protective, little bubble Mom kept me in is sounding better and better. "I.." I have no idea what I want to say. How does one react to meeting their vampire dad for the first time, finding out you could turn into one yourself, oh and Grandpa Dracula wants to suck my blood too. My life is awesome. It just keeps getting better and better.

"I won't let anything happen to you. I promise you, you'll be okay."

His words push away some of the fear inside me, but somehow I know he's just protecting me from being afraid. He can't promise that. "Crazy relatives" has a whole new meaning when there are fangs and the words owning, possession, and a vampire change involved.

Dad... Geez that's a weird word to think, but my dad chuckles.

"Not really finding the humor here."

He glances over at me. "You're funny. It's so sad the things I don't know about you."

Part of me wants to hug him. To tell him he can know anything he wants about me because I've needed him for so long, but the other part remembers someone else who said those same words to me... you're funny.

How could I not have believed Caleb? How could I have turned my back on him like everyone else in his life?

"I should have come back sooner," Dad burst through my thoughts. "You're too close to turning eighteen. I should have known... warned you. If I had, we wouldn't be in this situation right now."

This time it's my turn to chuckle. Does he remember my mom? I'm pretty sure her head would have exploded if he came to me any earlier and tried to explain this. The only reason it didn't now is because she knows there's a current danger.

"You shouldn't think about your mother that way."

"You shouldn't read people's thoughts!" I snap. "It's rude." Holy crap. How cool am I? I totally just yelled at my vampire dad. There's a whole new level of danger to talking back when a parent has fangs.

"You're taking this too lightly, little one. I know you have to be scared... worried...confused..."

"Umm, ya think?" I realize I'm being rude again. "Sorry. Yeah, it's a lot. I'm okay though." Caleb, Caleb, Caleb. I focus on him. On saving him. That's what's important here. I can worry about me, about how Mom might hate me and I might soon become one of the things that goes bump in the night, later. Right now, all that matters is Caleb.

***

The night is coming closer and closer to an end. Dad and I haven't talked much more. Kind of hard to think of something to say to him, considering the circumstances. After asking, "how 'bout them Yankees' I decided to keep quiet.

Now, I'm getting more and more nervous. We're not going to find them. The sun will come up and Dad will like... burst into flames or something if we don't find cover. That thought makes my heart jump. I don't want him hurt. I just found him.

"We're going to have to call it a night, little one," he says as though he can read my mind. Oh yeah. He can. "We can work on that... once things settle down. I can help you learn to block your thoughts."

"Really?" I turn to look at him. I'm not only excited to learn the blocking, but that means he's going to stay, right? At least for a little while.

"For as long as I'm welcome," he answers my thoughts. I love his answer, but the whole mind-reading-thing is still annoying.

"Good... and thanks. I would like to learn that."

Another few minutes of silence and then he speaks again. "I'm going to have to bring you home. There's nothing more we can do tonight."

"No!" I feel like I'm losing my breath. "We can't give up. We have to find Caleb."

Dad sighs. "Not tonight, little one. The sun is coming up. I need indoors. Isaac isn't going anywhere, believe me. He's got a plan and he won't leave until he sees it through."

I shiver. Gramps sounds scary. Leave it to me to find out Mom isn't crazy, and I not only have a vampire dad and 'best friend' but a murderous, lunatic for a grandpa.

I shake those thoughts from my head. "You can't bring me home. Mom will freak. She won't let me to go with you tomorrow and I'm telling you, I'm finding Caleb, even if I have to do it myself. I'm not walking away from him again." Yes. I might not have found them earlier, but I'm finding those claws Caleb told me about and I plan to use them to save him. I owe him that much.

Another sigh. "I'm giving your mother even more reason to hate me. And a reason to hate myself if things go badly."

The sadness in his voice breaks my heart. Almost want to tell him I'll go home, but I can't do it. "I'm sorry."

***

"You have a house in my town?" Actually, scratch that. House isn't even the right word. He has a freaking mansion in my town. I think that's a vampire thing. They all seem to have tons of money in movies and books and obviously that transfers over to real life.

"I told you, I've kept an eye on you. I don't stay here often, but where you are, I know I will always want to be. Of course I have a place here."

It's so crazy to hear him say something like that. So many times I've wanted more family. Mom is great and I love her more than anything, but it's lonely. Her parents weren't nice people and stopped talking to her when she had me. And Dad was never around and suddenly he is and it feels incredible.

"Thanks..." I look toward the ground, but then realize I need to watch where I'm going if I'm going to follow him inside.

Dad presses a few buttons on a keypad before a rumbling sound comes from the windows. I jump, my heart somewhere in my throat when he says, "They're special blinds to keep out the sun."

Naturally. Duh. Why didn't I think of that?

He hands me a cell phone. "Call your mom."

Joy! Just want I couldn't wait to do. She's going to freak out and I get that. I feel bad, but not bad enough to go home.

I dial and Mom answers on the first ring. "Abigail?"

"How?" I start to ask her how she knew it was me, but realize she didn't. She just hoped. Guilt pumps through me. "It's me, Mom. I'm sorry. I'm okay."

I hold the phone away from my ear as she starts to yell. And yell. And yell some more. It's the crying that really stinks though. When she's finally quiet enough for me to speak, I put the phone back to my ear. "I know what I did was wrong, but I'm sorry, Mom. I can't come home. I have to do this... It's the right thing to do and... Dad will take care of me. All Caleb wanted is the same thing you do, me to be safe. I have to do the same thing for him." Tears start to pool in my eyes. "I'll be home tonight when we find him."

"Abby!" she yells.

"I have to go, Mom... I love you. I'll see you soon." And I hang up and cry. I hate hurting her this way. Dad pulls me into his arms and begs me to go back to her. Tells me he'll take care of Caleb, but I tell him, no, no, no over and over until I all the tears are gone. I have to do this.

When Dad lets go, we separate awkwardly. I curl up on his couch and think about Mom... Caleb... even Gabe. I watch Dad as he paces the room, sits on the touch on the other side of the room, and then paces again.

"Please... let me take you home." He begs one last time, but I shake my head.

"I'll go alone."

"I can make sure you don't."

A shiver of fear slides down my spine, but I ignore it. "I would never forgive you." The words almost stick in my throat. I hate saying them to him, but I need to take care of Caleb more.

Resigned, he shakes his head. More silence.

I feel like I'm going to go insane.

I need to talk or something. "Do I have any siblings?" I ask. I don't know why it's the first question to pop into my head, but there it is.

Dad looks at me like it's a strange question too, before shaking his head. "No, Abby. No other family." Smoothly, he sits down on the couch again.

"And..." I can't finish the sentence and then realize I don't have to say it out-loud. Instead I finish it in my head. Are you married? Do I have a stepmom?

He looks sad again. "No... there's only ever been your mom... She's the only one I've ever loved."

In this moment, I feel like I can share anything with him. That he'll understand things I've only been able to think before. "I've been so lonely. I used to dream about you... That you'd find us and make everything okay...though I guess it was really okay the whole time, wasn't it? Mom never was crazy."

More guilt. I've been so mad at her, when really it was the truth.

"You couldn't have known. You're mom loves you though. More than anything. Even when she was pregnant with you. She had so much love for you, I could feel it coming off her. It was incredible."

I suck in a breath. I've always known she loves me, but it feels good to hear. "I love her too. I've had times where I felt like I was being watched too. Never in a bad way, but... just felt someone there."

He smiles. "I could never leave you completely alone, little one. Never."

I grab those words... hold onto them. They mean everything to me.

I doze off and on through the day and every time I wake up, Dad's there, watching over me.

Chapter Twenty-one

I'm startled awake when the doorbell rings. The sound makes my heart race and my palms sweat. Somehow I doubt Dad has too many visitors.

I rip open my backpack and pull out a stake and my holy water. Dad crinkles his eyes at me, when he sees what is in my hand. "Are you planning on blessing someone?" he asks.

Hello? Possible murderous vampire at the door and he's making jokes? He sounds like-oh, he sounds like me. "No, I figured I'd throw it in his eyes or something.... I don't know."

A snicker breaks open on his face. "I told you, we're not evil, little one. I can hold a cross. Heck, I can bathe in holy water," he winks. "I can even handle the smell of garlic."

Heat scorches my face. "Sorry. Not a vampire expert here." The bell rings again, making me jump.

"It's okay. Whoever it is, is human." Dad tells me. "Still stay back. For future reference, the stakes work. The others, not so much."

I sort of want to laugh, but I'm too scared.

Dad walks over to the door. I don't know how I know, but I'm almost positive it's close to evening. The sun must be going down by now, which is why he seems okay when he opens the door. Still, he stands behind it slightly.

I hear him talking to whoever is there. Suddenly, Dad's voice raises, "Who sent you?"

The person at the door walks in, his eyes glued to Dad like he's in some kind of trance. Holy crap. My dad is trancing this guy? Dude, this is so crazy. I don't even take the time to pretend I'm dreaming because my luck has never been that good.

"I don't know... We met after dark."

"Where?" Dad says.

The tranced guy rattles off an address.

"Do you know anything else?"

The man shakes his head.

I'm in awe of what's going on in front of me. It becomes even more of a freak-show when Dad says, "You won't remember coming here. Get in your car and leave. Don't come back here or to the previous address you gave me." And then he touches the guy's forehead before the man turns and walks away.

Dad's face is grim when he walks back in. I totally want to make a joke about what I just saw happen, but I can't make myself do it. This is real. This is my life. And it's scary as hell.

"What...what is it?" I finally find my tongue.

"It's a message from your grandfather."

Gulp!

***

We pull down the road of an old, abandoned house at the end of town. It's one of the biggest and oldest places in town, but it's been empty for as long as I can remember. It's creepy too. Perfect place for Dracula to hang out. We totally should have looked here more closely.

The house is on a hill, without any others close by. Off to the right is the forest that stretches for miles. The same ones Caleb lives in. Somehow, that doesn't surprise me. Caleb's dreams pop into my head and I wonder how much of those were because of the two vampires in this house.

"If I know my father, he's likely alone besides the boy and Gabe, you said his name is? He's never trusted easily and his arrogance makes him think he doesn't need anyone. Hopefully, I can use that to my advantage."Dad's voice sounds tense... nervous, making me want to rethink my plan of being the super hero here.

No! I can't let myself do that. Not after what Caleb did for me.

We step out of the car. I can't believe he sent us a message to meet him. I can't believe I'm here. My heart's racing a million miles an hour. I'm sweating even though it's not hot outside. What was I thinking? I'm not one of those kick butt girls who saves the day in the end.

"You'll be fine, Abby. I promise you. I'm not losing you now."

I wrap my arms around his waist. Even though I like how it sounds when he calls me little one, I like hearing him say my name too.

"I'm not going to let anything happen to you." Dad strokes the back of my hair. "Remember, what we talked about. Stay with me the whole time, until I tell you differently. Focus on my voice. He can read your mind, but not mine. You'll hear me here." He touches my temple. I nod.

"Try not to focus too much on what I say so he can't get it from you. Like I said, the bracelet will help, but he's very powerful too."

My legs feel like Jell-O, making it nearly impossible to walk, but I push on, not willing to let there be any space between myself and Dad.

"Behind me," he says inside my head as we walk up the stairs. Ever had someone talk inside your head? It's freaky. I'm not sure I'll ever get used to it.

As soon as we step onto the front porch, the door flies open. There's no one there. Vampires can do some crazy stuff. How many times have I made fun of vampire abilities and they're real? Yeah, karma sucks.

"We'll be fine," echoes inside my head and I trust it. I trust him.

We step inside to a wide, open room. It's hardly furnished. There are boxes everywhere, a few pieces of old furniture and what looks like statues covered with white sheets. Statues? Really? I feel like I've just stepped into Dracula's crib.

"Christopher, I knew you would come." A chill sweeps over me at the voice. It sounds evil, if that's possible. Or maybe I'm crazy. Not sure that's such a bad option anymore.

"Father." I grab onto the back of Dad's trench coat when he talks. His voice is somehow different. Colder than I've heard it. "You invited me. How could I miss the show?"

Isaac ignores the second part. "Oh, so I'm still your father? I must ask you, what kind of good son would let their father believe them dead for all these years? You dare call me father, after the things you've done?"

He's standing in the front of the room, looking almost like he's from a movie. The same blond hair as us. He's tall, so tall, but there's something menacing about him. The way he stands so tall, the evil tilt of his eyes.

The house is huge, even bigger on the inside than it looks on the outside.

"And maybe I can ask you what kind of good father would try to control their son the way you did me? Who would have killed me rather than let me walk away from you? You know me. It was only a matter of time before I found a way to get away from you."

Where Dad's hair is short around his head, Isaac's is long, reaching his shoulders.

"Because you think yourself better than me? No, it's because you're weak, Christopher. You always were."

"No, because I don't enjoy destroying people," Dad bellows, making me jump. My fist tightens in his jacket.

Isaac laughs. The sound stabs me like little pinpricks all over my body. "We could have had everything! All the power over the vampire community and humans too if you would have just been willing to take it! You would have rather played house with the human than to stand by my side."

Mom... He knows about Mom. Of course he does. If he knows about me of course he has to know about her too.

"Because unlike you, I know how to love."

Isaac laughs again. "I love too, Christopher. I loved you. I love power. I love my people, which is why I will lead them. You and I, we love differently. You're too soft! I had to find myself another son who isn't afraid to do what needs to be done."

Gabe. I know its Gabe. It sickens me in so many ways.

Isaac starts speaking again. "I thought you dead for years. You should have known I would find out eventually. That I would hunt you down. And look what you led me to... straight to the girl. And do you want to know a secret? I guess, it's not a secret, but only something you won't be around to see." He's got to be fifty feet away from us, but it feels too close. When he takes a step closer, I fight the urge to run.

"Soon, Christopher, you will be gone. The woman will be gone and I'll have your daughter too."

My heart drops. He thinks he's going to have me? To kill Mom? No, not her. I won't let him hurt her. I feel for my backpack to make sure it's still there.

No, little one.

I ignore Dad in my head. I'm tired of being scared. Tired of letting people walk on me. Somehow all the years of fear, of being the vamp freak transform into anger...courage. I want the claws Caleb believes I have. I want to use them to defend him. To defend Mom. To finally defend myself.

I step out from behind Dad and look into another pair of eyes that match my own. "Never! I will never be yours and you better stay away from my mom."

My strength falters a bit when someone else steps beside him. Gabe. My best friend. The vampire who only pretended to care about me all along. His eyes look hollow. So dark and cold. Nothing like the boy who sat and talked with me. Who brought me to watch movies in the park. A cry threatens to burst free, but I bite it back. I take a step forward.

Isaac, the jerk, claps. "Bravo, child. I knew you'd be special. You're not afraid of me?"

Abby, don't talk to him. Come here. It's Dad, but I ignore him. "This is pretty fangtastic and all, but I'm not feeling the whole Interview with the Vampire thing. Leave me and my Mom out of this." I kind of want to take a minute to cheer for myself. I'm pretty good in a clutch, but the way Isaac's eyes train in on me, makes me stagger.

"Oh, I can't wait to have you, child. You're already mine. We're blood and unlike my son, I don't turn my back on my family."

"Oh, you just murder their parents and send psycho boys after them?" I'm not sure where my courage is coming from or if it's even a good idea I'm saying this, but I can't stand in the background anymore.

I let my eyes find Gabe again. It pierces me through the chest to see him there. Somehow, I hoped it wasn't true, but seeing him next to Isaac, I know it is. He's betrayed me. He would have made me trust him more, then turned me over to Isaac.

"Yes, he would have. That's what a good son does." Stupid! I'm letting him in my head.

Isaac turns to Gabe. "What is it with women that makes men so stupid?"

His comment confuses me.

Isaac speaks again. "You're confused? Well let me spell it out for you. I found this boy in the gutter. On drugs and I gave him immortality. All I asked in return was allegiance. Loyalty after one son already turned his back on me. But as it turns out, he's just as weak as your father. What is it with you Thompson women? You poison my children against me. Now I will have to kill Gabe as well as your father. Luckily for him, he won't suffer as much as your other young man is."

I'm bombarded by thoughts...questions. Poison Gabe against him? But he'd used me. Gotten close to me for Isaac. Then his other words break through. The other young man. Caleb.

"Yes! You figured it out! Smart too." Isaac points to the corner and I see Caleb's body, limp and curled up in the corner. His clothes are ripped and there's blood pooling around him. Everything inside me pulls him toward me. Pain lances through me unlike anything I've ever felt before.

"No!" I yell. My heart drops to my feet. I don't care about the consequences, I have to get him. My body moves, trying to run, but Dad holds me back.

"Not yet, little one." Then to Isaac he says, "I will kill you, Father. I'll never let you have her. You've hurt too many people for far too many years."

My dad's voice makes ice brittles through my veins. Not because I'm scared of him, but because if I were Isaac, I would be. He sounds lethal. I feel the strength and anger radiating off him.

"Come to me, Abigail. I will not hurt you."

My head feels foggy as I hear Isaac inside it. Pain pierces through my head. My whole body is begging me to do as he says. I fight against him, but his voice continues to tug at my insides.

"Abigail, I'm your family. Come to me, now."

It's so different than when Dad's in my head. His is a soothing voice, talking to me, where Isaac is luring me, trying to command me to do what he wants. God help me, but I want to go to Isaac. Desperately. I crave it, I yearn to turn myself and my will over to him.

"Fight it, little one. Let him see how strong you are."

"Daddy, I don't know if I can."

"You can and you will. Focus. Fight him, not me."

It's almost as if I don't have control over myself. I don't, I realize. Isaac does. I try and take a step forward, when I hear another voice whisper in my head. "Abby, don't do it. Don't trust him. Fight."

"Gabe?" Does he think I trust him?

"Yes, I'm so sorry for everything. I will make it up to you. I will fix this."

My head aches. There is too much going on inside. Too many voices telling me to do too many things. My body is fighting against my head and I don't know what to do. How to fix it.

Then the voices are quiet. A blur flashes ahead of me and somehow, Isaac has Gabe in his grasp.

"So sweet. He loves you even though you're in love with the human. So trite. I would think it possible of a human, but not a vampire. Such a disgrace Gabe's turned out to be." Isaac peers down at Gabe. Gabe yells in pain. I'm not sure how Isaac is hurting him, but he is.

He lifts Gabe off his feet. Gabe's back arches at an impossible angle. "Did you think I wouldn't know, Gabriel? That I wouldn't sense your loyalties shifting?"

"No! Leave him alone!" I'm half mad at myself for sticking up for Gabe after everything, but still, somehow, I can't stand the thought of Isaac hurting him. He may have betrayed me, but he still feels like my friend.

Gabe yells again and then Isaac throws him to the floor and kicks him in the face. Gabe flies up and hits a wall, then somehow floats back toward Isaac as the vampire drops his hand and Gabe hits the floor at his feet, hard. Isaac kicks him again, this time in the stomach.

I want nothing more than to cover my eyes, to make it stop. "Dad! Save him. Please!"

"Oh, him too? Gabe or Caleb? Who will it be, child?" Isaac's eyes gleam with enjoyment.

"Screw you!" It's a ridiculous thing to say, but all I can come up with. I feel a quick squeeze on my arm.

"Run, little one. I want you out of here. I'll get Caleb, and Gabe can take care of himself."

In a flash, Dad moves. He flies at Isaac and as he does, the older vampire throws Gabe. He hits the wall and falls to the floor. Dad and Isaac growl. Their limbs are a whirl of punches and kicks, too fast to comprehend who has the upper hand. Isaac slams into the wall, and just as quickly he's on Dad again.

I know I'm supposed to run, but I can't make myself move. After seventeen years, I finally have my dad and what if he's killed? What if Isaac beats him? And Caleb. Everything inside me needs him to be okay. Needs to make sure he's safe. My desire for him is so strong, it hurts.

Quickly, I look at Dad again. He's on top, Isaac trying to fight to break the hold Dad has on him. Now's my chance. Without thought, I run. Run to Caleb.

Gabe cuts me off, but I won't let anything get in between myself and Caleb. I push him, fighting to get around him.

"Abigail, you have to run. Get out of here. Isaac will kill you if he has to." Gabe's bleeding. I can't believe he's on his feet after everything. Must be another vampire thing.

Then, Gabe flies at the wall again. His eyes are huge as he slams into it twice, before sliding to the ground again. I whip around, as Dad attacks Isaac with renewed fervor. He kicks him with both feet, Isaac flies backward, but somehow stops himself before he hits the wall and lands on his feet in a crouch.

"Not good enough," he sneers at my father.

They're locked together, too well-matched. Fighting each other with their physical abilities and crazy mental magic. They're flying at each other, ramming into walls, blood running down both their faces, yet neither of them stop. It's frightening to see. I can't believe I'm here, that this is happening.

My eyes find Gabe again. He's on the ground, out cold. I search out Caleb, my heart shattering into a million different shards of glass as I look at his broken form on the ground.

Anger like nothing I've ever felt before rises inside me. Its heat and strength and I don't know what else. I remember him taking care of me with the LP, defending me against Gabe. His kisses and the way his eyes search so deeply inside me.

Isaac tried to take him away from me. Wants to take Mom and Dad away from me too. He's a bully, filled with hate just like the people who try to make my life hell every day.

I turn from Caleb. Isaac has his hands wrapped around Dad's throat and then he throws him. My already broken-heart turns into pieces of sand, threatening to blow away.

Viciousness snarls through me, unfamiliar and unexpected, but at the moment, I welcome it, embrace it. Finally, my claws come out.

Chapter Twenty-Two

My feet carry me forward, right for Isaac. I rip the stake out of my bag as he walks so very slowly toward my dazed father.

Faster, I move faster. I need to get to him before he gets to Dad. To show him he can't mess with me or those I care about.

I don't know where it comes from, but courage surges through me. Fueling me forward, so that I leap at Isaac with my stake out. Please, please, please let me be strong enough to do this!

The second before the wood makes contact with his back, he whips around, his strong, cold hand gripping my arms so tight I feel like they could break.

"I changed my mind. You're not very smart if you think you can kill me." His grin is wicked, filled with more evil than I've ever seen. He cocks his head at me, staring at me like he's trying to see things inside me I don't want to show him.

"I can't wait to see what happens with you, Abigail. I can't wait to own you." He squeezes tighter. I start to kick his legs over and over. Fight to pull my hand away from him, but he's unfazed. "You'll be much stronger when you're like me. Would you like me to change you now? Oh yes. I'd love to see how Christopher deals with that-you calling me your sire. You needing me." I can't help but wonder why he doesn't use his mind on me. It's a ridiculous thought right now.

He opens his mouth, fangs peeking out from beneath his lips and then he sneers. The effect is like having a lion in my face.

Oh, heck no. I am not going to be gnawed on by Gramps.

I raise my foot again, kicking him hard between the legs. He stills, his grip loosening on me enough I can rip my hand away. Thank God vampire anatomy must be the same! You can still kick a guy where it counts and get the upper hand!

I kick again and somehow he doesn't expect it.

"You little bitch," he snarls.

I swing my arm forward with the stake but he's faster. Stronger. His hand flies at me, the back of it hitting me in the face and making me soar backward through the air and fall on my butt. He could have hit me harder, I know that, but it was hard enough to jar me

No!

"I'm not going to be nice about it this time," he grins as he stalks toward me. I start to crawl backward. I didn't do it. Can't do it. Can't save Caleb. Mom.

Right before he gets to me, I hear Dad, run!

And then he grabs Isaac from behind, throwing him across the room. Dad flies at him, almost before Isaac has time to hit anything and he's on him again.

"Run!" he turns to yell at me, fear and anger in his voice.

Isaac almost gets the best of him while he's looking at me, but Dad recovers, his own fangs long and gleaming as he snarls and bites at Isaac.

This time, I know I have to do it. I have to get Caleb and go before I distract him further.

I scream when arms wrap around me, pulling at me. "We need to go, Abigail. We need to get out of here now! Before it's too late," Gabe grits at me.

"No!" I shove and kick at him. "I need Caleb. I have to make sure he's okay. I'm not leaving here without him."

His grip loosens.

"You leave and I'll get him, I promise. Just go."

I don't know where it comes from. Just a minute ago I pleaded for his safety, but with him standing in front of me, all the lies he must have told, slam into me. He'd played me and I let him. And now he wants to get between me and Caleb. I will never let that happen.

I swing at Gabe, my fist connecting with his face. And damn it. It hurts. "Like I can trust you! It was all true. You were going to hand me over to Isaac!"

"I..." Only he doesn't finish because he has no defense. But why doesn't he look happy? They could win. I'm here. His job is done.

"I'm sorry."

As far as defense goes, it's the lamest one I've ever heard. "Stay away from me." I hold the stake up. "I swear to God if you try and get in my way I will kill you." The words hurt. I don't want to hate him. I want my friend back. And I know he will likely kill me if I fight him, but I will go down fighting.

"I won't hurt you... I would never want to hurt you," he voice sounds broken.

"Prove it. Help me! If you ever cared about me at all. If you're sorry in any way for what you did. Save him. Help me get Caleb out of here."

I look over. Dad and Isaac are still fighting. There are actually chunks of flesh missing. Vampire fights? Gross. Please, please, please let Dad win!

I need you out of here, little one. I have a plan, Dad's voice echoes in my head.

"Please... help me," I beg Gabe. "I have to save him."

He almost looks sad when he says, "Let's go. We need to hurry. We need to get you out of here."

Gabe grabs my hand and we run over to Caleb. My legs ache, but it's nothing compared to the brokenness I feel in my chest. The second we reach Caleb, I fall to the ground beside him. His clothes are filthy and half torn off him. I'm not sure what I see more of, blood, grime or dirt. His face is bruised, bleeding. One of his arms is clearly broken, bulging unnaturally. There are bite marks. Bite marks, all over his body. I'm not even sure when I started crying, but my tears are falling on him.

He's been tortured. Not just beat up, but subjected to God knows what.

Because of me.

"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry," I mutter over and over again. I did this to him. It's my fault he's like this and I will never forgive myself for it.

Gabe lifts Caleb from under me, holding him on his shoulder. Caleb gasps in pain. His broken arm is hanging at a strange angle. I can hardly look. "Stop! Be careful. What are you doing?"

"We have to get out of here. Now!"

I look at the fight. "Will he be okay? We have to save my dad. I can't leave him."

"You have to! It's what he wants!"

I don't want to leave him, but I know Gabe is right. I promised Dad I would do as he said and how will it help him to worry about me? Plus he said he has a plan. I'm banking on that plan.

We run. Gabe is still faster than me, even though he's carrying Caleb. I follow him out of the house and into the woods nearby. It's as far as I will go, and I wonder if he knows that. I'm not leaving these grounds until I know Dad is okay.

We go a short way in, when Gabe stops, laying Caleb on the ground. Caleb groans. I drop to the ground beside him. Nothing else matters in this second. Not me or anyone else. There's nothing but Caleb. I grab his hand.

"Please be okay. We're going to take care of you. You're going to be fine. I'm so sorry." I don't know where to touch him. I brush my hand through his hair and blood comes off. "Oh God." I choke.

"Kit...Kitten?"

I sob. "Yes. It's me. I'm here, Caleb. You're safe."

His eyes flutter, like he wants to keep them open, but can't. His breathing is labored... so very slow. "Sorry...I... couldn't...keep...you...safe," he stutters.

I have never been more broken than I am at this second. "I'm okay. We're okay. Both of us. I'm so sorry, I didn't trust you. It's my fault for not believing you."

He shakes his head. His eyes are closed. "It's cold."

I lay down beside him, wrapping my arms around him and trying my best not to hurt him. The last time we were like this, we were kissing. He was telling me he would stay here for me. How could I ever have doubted him? "We're definitely leaving Karma after this. You'll go to college and I can finish high school. Even if we have to run away. I just want to be with you. Away from our past and the rest of this. You just have to be okay. Promise me you'll be okay."

He's shivering. It's hard for me to talk around my tears, but I'm trying to sound strong. To sound like I really believe what I'm saying.

"No... I'm going to die here..."

His breathing slows more. Each of his breaths pulls something out of me, breaks me apart. "No. You're going to be fine!" I sit up and turn to Gabe. "This is your fault! Help him. Make him better!"

His blue eyes say everything I don't want to believe. "His heart is slowing, Abigail. He's dying."

"No! I hate you!" I hit Gabe. "Fix this! You make him better. If you ever cared anything about me, you make him better." I can't lose him. Can't lose Caleb. Not after what he did for me. After how he makes me feel.

Gurgling sounds come from Caleb's throat and I know it's true. I fall against him, wailing. Each cry rips another hole in my heart. "It's not fair. He can't die. Please, Gabe. Please don't let him die. You have to be able to save him. Caleb... don't go. Fight. Please don't leave me..."

Gabe kneels down beside me. "I... There might be a way."

"How? Whatever it is, do it for him!"

More gurgling from Caleb.

"Not for him, but for you. If you want it." The sadness in his voice has nothing on what I feel inside.

"I want it! I want anything. I just want him okay."

Gabe looks as tense as I've ever seen him. "Are you sure? The only way to save him is to change him, Abigail. Do you want him enough to love him if he's like me?"

Chapter Twenty-Three

Vampire. Caleb would be a vampire. But he would be alive! Kind of. Would he want that? Living off blood, not seeing the daylight, having to be invited in someone's home? Honestly, I don't know, but doesn't he deserve the chance to make that decision? If he's dead, there will be no options for him. He'll be gone forever. He'll leave me forever.

And someday, I might be a vampire too! We could be together. Really be together. Forever.

I look down at him. He's still gurgling. His breaths still short, but he's holding my hand. Actually holding it after everything I've done.

"Would you do it again, Gabe?" I ask, not taking my eyes off Caleb. "If you had the choice to make, would you do it again?"

He doesn't hesitate when he says, "Yes."

"Caleb? We can save you. Gabe, he can change you."

Only he doesn't reply. I'm not sure he can reply. I can hardly hear him breathe anymore. It feels like my heart is in pieces, breaking and crumbling at the thought of being without him. "Will you do it? Will you do it for me?" I ask Gabe.

"I defied my sire. Risked his wrath, because I couldn't bear the thought of hurting you anymore. Don't you know I would do anything for you?"

I close my eyes, Gabe's pain becoming my own. In some ways, this all goes back to him, but in others, I know it would be much worse without him. I know his words are true. "I'm sorry."

"Only you would be... You must make a decision. Time is running out for the human."

I can't let him die. Not after everything he's done for me. Not with how much I love him. I only hope he won't hate me for it. "Yes. Please, change him, Gabe."

He opens his mouth and there are fangs inside. I know they weren't there when he kissed me, but I'm glad they're there now. Gabe pierces the flesh of his wrist with his teeth. Blood gushes from the wound, running down his arm. I'm dizzy, but I ignore it. "What do I do?"

"Tilt his head back. We need to get it down his throat."

I use my fingers to tilt his head up, like he's done to me so many times. Gabe's wrist goes to Caleb's mouth, dark, red liquid covering Caleb's lips.

"Talk to him. Let him know you're here. He needs to hear your voice. Tell him to drink."

I lean down. "Drink, Caleb. Please drink. We're going to make you better, but I need you to drink for me."

Nothing's happening.

"I don't know... I don't know if I'm strong enough. I've never done this before." Gabe actually sounds nervous, anxious like this means something to him too.

Still, I ignore him, focusing on Caleb. "Caleb please. I need you... I love you... You have to drink for me."

It feels like it's been hours, but I know it's only been seconds when his mouth starts moving. "That's it. More, I need you to drink more."

And he does. I see his throat constrict as he swallows Gabe's... blood. Oh, God, he's going to hate me for this, but I can't regret it. "More, Caleb. Please take more."

His hands grab Gabe's wrist and he starts to suck harder. I can see how tight his grip on Gabe is. Caleb's eyes jerk open, huge and wide, almost scared, but he keeps drinking.

Its minutes before Gabe starts to groan. "It's enough." He's fighting to pull his wrist away.

"Shh...let go, Caleb. That's enough."

But he doesn't. He squeezes tighter, keeps sucking.

"Caleb... let go," I'm starting to panic as he keeps pulling at Gabe's wrist.

Finally Gabe jerks backward, crying out in pain. At the same time, there's a huge explosion from the house. We fall, sprawling against one another, to the ground. The shockwave knocks the breath out of me.

I claw the ground, trying to get up, half-staggering, running back towards the house. Dad, Dad.... until I see the house in the distance. The whole house is engulfed in flames. "Dad! Dad!" I run screaming, needing him with all my being.

And then I see the lone figure walking out of the wreckage.

Dad.

***

"Will he be okay?" I ask as I hold Caleb's hand. He hasn't woken up yet and we're in Dad's house.

"I don't know. It takes a day or so to see if his body accepts the change. He needs rest."

Caleb's been screaming in pain for hours. It kills me each and every time. To hear him suffering, to see how much Isaac hurt him, to not be able to help him. All because of me. Caleb was kidnapped, tortured and now he's painfully being turned into a vampire because of me.

Finally, Dad got Caleb to sleep. He's been resting for almost an hour, but Dad warns me it's not the end. Caleb will go through more before it's over.

More pain because I didn't trust him. Because I walked away from him like everyone else in his life.

"It's not your fault, little one."

I appreciate the thought from Dad. But it is my fault, and I know that. All it would have taken was for me to trust my eyes in the diner that day. He'd been so freaked out, but I was more scared of looking crazy than taking the time to see what was in front of me.

Dad leans down and kisses my forehead. "I love you." It's the first time he's done that and I savor it. Savor him.

"I love you too, Dad."

He walks out, and Gabe comes in the room as he leaves. We haven't spoken since we left the woods a few hours before.

"I suppose you want some answers." His voice sounds so different. Quieter...sadder.

"You think?" I say, frustrated at myself for the anger in my voice. He saved me, saved Caleb, and I know he's in pain, but everything else? It's going to be hard for me to forget it.

Gabe sits in the chair on the other side of Caleb's bed. For the first time, I notice how pale he really is. How could I not have known? Did I know and just didn't want to admit it? And Caleb. Will he be pale like that too?

"What I told you about my family is true. I just failed to admit it happened fifteen years ago. Isaac told me you were his family. That I was to get close to you, but not hurt you. I had no idea his plans. All I knew is I needed to get close to you, watch you and wait for his instructions."

"Great. Glad to know my best friend only got close to me because I'm a job." I'm still holding Caleb's hand, unable to even look at Gabe.

"You were a job in the beginning, but not for long."

I shake my head. I can't hear that. Not right now. "So what was fake?"

"You got the job on your own. We didn't run into each other by accident though. I put the idea in the human's heads to put you in the kitchen every night. To let you off early. Not to disturb us when we talked."

The humans? Wow. Will I ever get used to that? "And Stacy?" I ask.

"She was a bit harder, but yes, I am responsible for her too. I drank from her daily, made her forget it, and put the idea in her head to be nice to you."

"Aww, how sweet." I'm trying to be sarcastic because hello? He sucked blood from Stacy. Even if she is a witch, I don't want someone biting her to make her nice to me. But there's a part of me... one I'm not proud of who appreciates it. Because he did it for me. In some ways, that makes me feel like it wasn't a game. That maybe he really does care about me.

But then I remember the last part. The one that makes me want to stake Gabe myself. I'm scared to ask. "Caleb?" I whisper.

"Yes... I didn't drink from him, but I did scare him at night. I lied to you so you thought he was with Stacy. I tried to make you think he was embarrassed by you by not spending time with you at school. I tried to control his mind too, but he proved difficult for me. He fought it well. I tried to get him to stay away from you. Put the idea in his head to stop meeting you, but it never fully worked."

It all makes sense to me now. Caleb's dreams, his headaches, they were all from Gabe. My best friend tortured the guy I love. What did I do to deserve this? Any of it? What did poor Caleb do except care about me?

"Nothing."

"Don't. Stay out of my head." It's all I can say. I'm hurt, angry, confused. I don't know what I feel right now. All I know is I can't talk to Gabe. I'm not ready. Can I forgive him? What does it say about me that I want to? Especially with Caleb lying in this bed, everything having happened to him because he decided to be my friend. Because he wanted to protect me from Stacy and Gabe. Because he cared about me.

"The restaurant that night? What Caleb said about seeing you with Stacy?"

He shakes his head. "It's all true. He did. I don't know how I didn't sense him. And just so you know...when we were in the restaurant... I had to try and control the humans from reacting, get them to leave. That's what I meant about cleaning up. With the owner... I cleaned her mind. I didn't want anybody to remember."

I hate him. In this moment I hate him more than I've ever hated anyone. "Get away from me."

Gabe stands up and walks out of the room. Kicking my shoes off, I crawl in bed with Caleb and cry. My tears soak him, but I can't stop them. All I can do is hope. Hope he makes it through this, that he doesn't hate me for it. For signing him up to have the boy he despises as his sire.

According to Dad, for the first few months of Caleb's afterlife? He'll have to live off Gabe. Off his sire's blood to help complete the transition. Caleb saw me turn my back on him, lost his life, and now, to survive, he'll have to live off someone he hates.

Karma is a bitch. And I feel like I'm one too.

Epilogue

I rush into the house after school and slam the door. It feels so strange going back after everything that's happened. Everything that's still happening. Stacy is horrible again. I'm still the vamp freak and Caleb's not there. That's the worst part. How can I take more of life there without him? When he couldn't go back even if he wanted to, can't be in the light?

"Mom!" I yell, almost tripping as I round the corner into the kitchen. It's the same thing every day. All I can do is hope for a different answer today. "Did he call?" I'm out of breath, having run almost the whole way home.

Her eyes shoot down to the floor and I know. Caleb still hasn't called. It's been three weeks since he woke up and found out he's a vampire. Three weeks that he's been living with Dad and Gabe. That he's refused to talk to me. The bummer? I can't even blame him.

"I'm sorry, kiddo." Mom hugs me. "I love you."

"I love you too." And I know she does. Just like I know she's scouring the internet and books when she thinks I'm in bed, looking for a way to cure me. Hoping and praying she'll be able to stop what might happen in a few months' time. I just hope if it does, she can still love me then.

We watch a little TV, have dinner and each head to our own bedrooms for the night. Like I do every night, I sit in my window seat, holding the cell phone Dad got me in my hand. Waiting and hoping he'll come or call.

"Please ring, please ring." My eyes are on the phone, pleading for him. There's an odd feeling, and at first I don't notice it, I'm so intent on the telephone. But it grows. Like somebody is watching me. And then I feel the eyes on me. At first, my heart jumps in fear, but as my eyes find the figure outside, I recognize him immediately. My whole body sizzles. My heart finds the crazy rhythm only he brings out in me. I jerk the window open, not caring if Mom freaks out, as he slowly approaches the window.

"You have to invite me in," Caleb mumbles. I feel like someone threw a bucket of cold water on me. How could I have forgotten? It's a painful reminder of everything that's happened.

"Please, come in."

Seconds later, he's standing in the room. It takes everything in me not to touch him. Not to run my fingers through his midnight hair. Not to kiss the lips that only weeks before I knew so well. He's pale, but other than that, he looks the same, messy hair, piercing eyes, all sinewy muscles and utterly delicious.

"Wow...now I don't have to read your blush anymore. You want to talk about delicious? There's only one of us in the room who now eats people."

"Don't," I shake my head. "I know what you're doing, Caleb and don't."

He runs a hand through his hair, and then shoves his hands in his pockets, making me let out a breath I didn't realize I'd been holding. It's so Caleb. He would have done the same thing a month ago. He hasn't changed. After everything he's still the same.

"Nope. I'm not, Kitten."

My eyes fall closed, his words hitting me. "Of course you're not completely the same. Not after everything you've been through, but you're still you. You still have the same body language. You look the same. You still call me Kitten..." Finally, I let my eyes meet his again. They sear me, finding that place inside me only he's ever been able to find. "You still look at me the same."

And then I blush because those words feel so personal, and what if I'm wrong?

I hardly see his hand move and this it's cupping my face. I lean into him, reveling in the feel of Caleb. His calluses, the warmth he somehow still carries. "I still like this..." His thumb is brushing my cheeks that I know are tinged pink.

I can't even curse my annoying blush, because hello? Caleb likes it and it's made him touch me again.

It's soon, and I know that, but I can't stop. I throw myself at him, wrapping my arms around his neck. Tears streak down my face. "I'm sorry, Caleb. I'm so, so sorry." They're the only words I can manage. There's so much more I want to say. I should have trusted you. Something told me you would never lie to me, but I ignored it. I love you. But I can't say any of it, so I just cry, telling him over and over how sorry I am. His arms wrap around me too. He's holding me tightly against him. I cry until I have no more tears. He never lets go, because that's not him. Even though I know he can't forgive me, he's holding me. Taking care of me the way he always has.

What could have been hours, or minutes later, he pulls me away from him, drying my tears with his hands. "I'm sorry," I say again.

"I know." His voice is quiet. So quiet I can hardly hear him. "But I need some time. My whole life... Jesus. At least I don't have to worry about valedictorian anymore. Hell, I probably can't do college even-" he stops, his face getting hard. "I'm all f**ked up in the head right now. I'm not in a good place, Abby. I need some time."

It's more than I deserve, but it breaks my heart anyway, because I know why he's so messed up. I'll never forgive myself for it. "Okay... Take all the time you need. I'll be here, Caleb. I'll never leave you. No matter what, I'll never walk away from you. Never again."

I will make this up to him. I'll be the one person in his life who doesn't leave him. Because I love him and I always will.

His whole body tenses. His jaw locks. He heard me, but I don't care, because it's true. "I'll be here," I say again and then I can't talk, because he's kissing me. And he tastes the same, he feels the same. I still know every millimeter of his mouth. His tongue still strokes mine perfectly. I'm dizzy, burning up from the inside out, just like I always do when I touch him.

Caleb hisses and jerks away, almost like he's in pain. Oh God, is he wanting my blood?

Suddenly his eyes are a different green. Glowing. Yep, that's definitely different.

And then he's gone, my curtains moving back and forth in his wake. I touch my lips.

It's funny how much things can change. Just a couple months ago, I thought Mom was crazy. I didn't believe in vampires and all I wanted was normal. I was chasing something I'd never have.

Now, I have something different, that I want more.

My mom loves me, even though she's scared to death she won't be able to if I change. I don't know why she hates vampires so much, why it made her hate Dad. But she loves me and now I know she's not crazy.

Dad is in my life, and he's a vampire. He's watched out for me my whole life and I love him. He didn't fix things like I wanted, but what I have is so much more.

Though Mom still hates him, she lets me see Dad. And he's working on her, I can tell. I'm pretty sure he's not going to give up until he earns her trust again. She's stubborn though; she's even more mad at him now. I hate that part of that is my fault for leaving with him. But every once in a while, I'll catch her watching him. I can't help but wonder if it's the same way I watch Caleb.

My best friend is a vampire and even though he's done so much I can't forget, I'm trying to forgive. How can I move forward if I don't? No matter what he did, I know he fought for me too.

And yep, I'm in love with a vampire. I want nothing more than to have him in my life. He tried to fight a vampire for me. He wanted to stay in a place he hates for me. He died because of me. He's everything and somehow, I know he has to love me too.

This is my life. This is my normal and you know what? I'm okay with it. I really am.

Karma, you did pretty darned good by me.

