GLITTER

"BE PRETTY," HER MOTHER SAID, REARRANGING April's frilly skirts. "Keep your eyes wide and innocent. It's the only thing that might protect you."

The way her mother's voice trembled made April shaky herself, and she wanted to feel like a princess in this dress. So she ignored the warning, pushing her carefully curled gold hair back, and not making the slightest effort to keep her eyes wide. She left their shared rooms, a royal prison within her uncle's palace, and as she skipped to the indoor garden at the base of the tower, she enjoyed the way her skirts swirled around her. She was eleven years old.

"You look nice," Elliott said from an alcove.

April frowned. Her brother had just turned thirteen and was prone to teasing. Except that, since their father had died, neither of them had the energy. Grief was exhausting. So was fear.

A little brown monkey swung down from the rafters and onto Elliott's lap. It wore a tiny vest made of silk brocade. Charmed, she reached out, but the creature bared its teeth at her, hissing. Then it nestled into Elliott's chest, looking up at him with big eyes-the sort of expression Mother had just encouraged April to present.

Elliott slipped something from his pocket and fed it to the monkey.

"No wonder he likes you better." April heard the sourness in her voice, and hated herself for it. But the way the monkey curled against her brother made her jealous. Neither of them had ever had a pet, something to love them unconditionally.

Their mother swept down the staircase.

"For goodness' sake, don't get dirty," she chastised, dusting April's skirts. "Uncle has always been fond of you. He won't hurt a pretty little girl."

It might be true. Of the many people April had seen her uncle harm, none of them had been little girls.

Mother handed April specially made white gloves with pearl buttons.

Elliott watched from his alcove, and April felt a spiteful bit of happiness. The monkey might prefer Elliott's company, but Mother had barely looked at him in the months since Father died.

Mother knew, somehow, that Elliott had seen what happened. That he'd hidden and hadn't done anything to stop Uncle Prospero from murdering Father. Only Elliott knew that April had been beside him the entire time and so far he hadn't told anyone. She didn't think he ever would.

Her happiness faded though at the lost expression in her brother's eyes. Unlike Uncle and Mother, their father had never played favorites. April ached for the past. For the safety of Father and the world before the plague. The world before they'd been brought to Uncle Prospero's castle, where no one spoke of the disease, but everyone carried handkerchiefs filled with herbs that were supposed to prevent the illness.

Mother led April into the throne room, a shadowy place stained by torture and fear, still fussing over her appearance. When Uncle walked down the aisle to his raised dais, his eyes swept over them. He smiled vaguely but didn't stop. Elliott followed their uncle. Mother let out a hiss, so low that only April and a few courtiers near them heard it, when she saw that he was dressed identically to Uncle Prospero in a black suit with an impeccable white shirt. Uncle kept his launderers working constantly. White shirts were easily stained, especially by blood.

April didn't usually watch the onstage cruelty that passed for entertainment in the throne room. Mother encouraged her to look subtly away, but never to cry because that might draw attention.

Guards dragged in a boy and a man through the crowd to where her uncle was waiting. They stumbled up the steps to the dais. The boy wore spectacles with glass so thick that it magnified his eyes. April hadn't spoken to another child in ages, not since Elliott had disastrously befriended one of the kitchen boys. She might have smiled as the boy on the dais now looked around the throne room with his enormous eyes, but her face was frozen. Chills ran through her at the memory of what had happened to the kitchen boy.

Prospero found it amusing to instruct Elliott in the art of torture. Each night he gave lessons on how to hurt people in increments and keep them alive. For entertainment.

"Welcome to my home." Reveling in his showmanship, Prospero talked to the bespectacled boy in a friendly manner, gave him a treat. The boy accepted the treat with a whisper of thanks that carried across the room. April put her gloved hands over her face. He had no idea what he was in for. The man who stood beside him seemed resigned, already broken, but the boy ... there was something desperately hopeful about him. The pearls at the sides of April's gloves dug into her cheeks, until her mother noticed she was hiding her eyes and slapped April's hands down.

And still Prospero smiled, offering tidbits of candy, like Elliott had to the monkey. The man bowed his head, and the boy, seeing his distress, slipped his hand into the man's. April's chest tightened.

Prospero called for one of the servants to bring a hammer. The audience shifted restlessly. Courtiers strained forward, but April saw them looking around, validating their anticipation against the responses of their neighbors. Some of them rubbed their hands together, some grinned. A few averted their eyes.

Elliott sat to the side, ignored. His face was tightly controlled as he watched his uncle, then stared out across the sea of hostile faces. The audience knew better than to show Elliott any warmth, just as he knew better than to show them any weakness.

"Come here, nephew," Prospero rasped.

Elliott obeyed, but a flash of wariness crossed his face. He was taller than the other boy, and he practically shone, standing there above everyone else. No matter what happened in the throne room, the blood always got washed out of his hair, and it glimmered, clean and blond, in the combined light of torches and gas bulbs that Prospero favored.

Uncle handed Elliott the hammer. Elliott shifted it from hand to hand, waiting for his instructions.

"I want you to hit him," Uncle said slowly. "Find the place that will cause him the most pain without killing him."

The boy pulled back, his already magnified eyes widening. Elliott continued to shift the hammer. The boy closed his eyes. April could see that he was holding his breath. She held hers, too.

Slowly, with a strange sort of elegance, Elliott raised the hammer. And then dropped it on the other boy's foot. The boy made a little mewling sound. Mother also made a tiny sound. So Mother still cared a little bit about Elliott. April looked up at her. It was better than looking at the stage, to see Prospero's rage building.

She couldn't help admiring her brother. His face had been emotionless, but dropping the hammer had been pure defiance. Prospero wanted agony; the crowd was waiting for it. And Elliott had ignored that, barely bruising the boy. No one defied Prospero. Elliott was in for a lot of pain tonight. And the boy wouldn't be spared either. Elliott had to know that.

Her admiration evaporated. What use was resistance when Prospero always won? Why hadn't Elliott just hit the boy properly? She didn't care, suddenly, if the unknown boy was hurt, as long as Elliott could be spared. Not that it would happen now. Oh, Elliott.

The courtiers were ecstatic. They'd rather see the prince's nephew tortured than a random stranger, and chances were that both of the boys were in for it now. April glanced up at the dais. Her uncle's anger was still blazing bright. One of his men had already brought a selection of instruments from the table beneath the window. Someone had placed the tongs on the fire.

Without meaning to, she took two steps back. She hated when they heated up the tongs.

The courtiers spoke in hushed voices. They were constantly wagering over how long it would be until Elliott actually killed a man at his uncle's orders. How long until he enjoyed it.

Uncle's eyes narrowed.

Elliott stood straight, not looking at the boy's foot, or the hammer, or his uncle's anger. In the months since they'd lived at the castle, he'd perfected the art of looking at nothing.

She broke her mother's rule and looked down then, so she didn't see what happened next, nor did she want to. She heard one scream and didn't think it was her brother. He was known for suffering in silence. But then their mother fainted, and servants carried her from the throne room. April followed, leaving Elliott, and his torment, behind.

All the next day, April searched for Elliott, but he didn't want to be found. Two mornings later she went to the indoor garden once more, and stood amongst the great ferns and potted palm trees.

A silk cord hung from the ceiling. It looked for all the world like the ties that held back the curtains in her mother's apartment. At the end of the cord was a tiny noose, and at the end of the noose, a monkey wearing a brocade vest. A tiny hat lay on the floor beneath the dangling body.

She couldn't look away. And then Elliott appeared from behind the ferns. He bent to retrieve the tiny top hat. His eyes were red. But he wasn't crying.

It wasn't until later that it occurred to April that she didn't know whether Elliott had found his pet dangling from the tiny noose, or whether Prospero had forced him to kill it himself.

FIVE YEARS LATER

April flipped her blonde hair and surveyed the line of umbrellas stretching around the block. Black umbrellas, like she used to see at funerals in the days when it had been possible to honor the dead with dignity.

Raising her own umbrella against the drizzling rain, April narrowed her eyes at the line of miserable wet individuals standing between her and her goal-the door of a new club called the Morgue.

If her mother knew where she was ... she pushed the thought away. Moving back to the city was the most defiant thing her mother had done in the years since the plague struck and her father died. Since her father was murdered. April had no doubt that her mother was trying to protect her. And she appreciated it. But six months of cowering inside the penthouse apartment was enough to drive a sixteen-year-old mad. The line moved. April took three steps forward.

Two girls stood ahead of her, laughing together. The way they held each other's arms was a painful reminder of the lie she'd told her mother. April wasn't bothered by stretching the truth. Lies were often necessary. But pretending to her mother that she had someone to visit, a friend, bordered on pathetic. Nearly as pathetic as standing in this never-ending line alone.

"Are you looking for a good time?" The question came from a hooded figure who stood suddenly beside her.

April simply shrugged and rolled her eyes. Why on earth would she be standing in the rain, in the line for a club on an unseasonably cold Friday evening, if she wasn't in search of a good time?

"A new club just opened across the street," the voice said. April was becoming increasingly certain that it was a female voice. "Exclusive place."

Definitely a girl-the hand raised to the hood was delicate, the palm adorned with a tattoo. April didn't catch what it depicted, but her respect for the girl went up a couple of notches.

"Exclusive usually means boring," April said.

"You don't have to come with me."

But as the hood fell back, April could see why she'd been wearing it. Not for protection from the rain as much as a way to hide her face. The girl had medium-brown hair that was pleasant enough, but her teeth were crooked and it made her face look misshapen.

"What do they have at this club that I can't get at the Morgue?" April examined her own gloved hand, faking disinterest.

"If you have the money, they have the means to make you forget," the girl said.

April looked up at that. Forget? She made her decision in an instant, a habit that she'd developed in her uncle's castle. Split-second decisions were better than agonizing over choices with no obvious answers. Agonizing was what her mother spent her days doing. It had turned her hair prematurely gray.

"I'll go with you," April declared.

"Excellent." The girl took April's arm, and April let her, pleased at having someone to walk with. She hesitated only a moment before leaving the line. It stretched out behind her, around the building. If the other club didn't work out, she would have lied to her mother for nothing, and who knew when she would manage to get out of the Akkadian Towers again. Her heart swelled with the need for adventure. The line to the club wasn't moving, so she let her new friend lead her away from the lighted avenue.

"What sort of club is this?" she asked breathlessly, as the girl pulled her along toward an alley.

"Ex-"

"Don't say exclusive again," she warned.

"Exciting," the girl said.

And then someone grabbed the girl, shook her, and threw her across the alley. April froze, pressing her back against the building. The only ways out of this dark passageway were blocked by two men, one in either direction.

"What do you know?" one asked. "Two girls alone on a Friday night. If nothing else, we'll get an umbrella and a cloak."

Thieves. Was the cloaked girl with them? But she was cowering where she'd fallen, plainly terrified. One of the men pulled her up and, without ceremony, slit her throat with a single vicious stroke of a knife. Blood sprayed everywhere. April threw up her arm to shield her face. The bleed-out was fast, and the girl collapsed, dead. The murderer threw her cloak to his friend.

"What about the other one? She looks a bit more affluent." At least the man was observant.

April slid both hands to the wood handle of her umbrella, gripping it tightly. Defensively.

"Be a shame to kill her. She's beautiful." This from the man who had killed the cloaked girl.

Beautiful. She blinked. The man could've slit her throat already, but instead he was admiring her. Her mother's constant advice, the repeating refrain of her childhood, played through her mind. Be pretty. Be pretty. April lowered her eyes. She'd applied her makeup by candlelight. She knew that even in the uncertain light of this alley her eyelids sparkled with glitter.

The murderer took one step forward, two. He reeked of garlic and poverty.

Then, the length of his body close to hers, in one swift motion she raised her knee, hard, hitting him between his legs. At the same time, she swung the umbrella. It was sturdily built, and connected with the side of the man's head with a thud.

He fell to the ground. Luckily Elliott had taught her a few things her mother hadn't.

April swirled to face the other man, but he hadn't left the shadows, and he was laughing.

With a swift kick to the side of the prone man's head, April took off running. She made for the entrance to the Morgue, pushing her way through the hostile umbrellas to the front of the line.

"Whoa." The bouncer held out his hand, but she knocked it aside.

"The prince is my uncle," she gasped. "Prospero. And I've just been attacked."

The bouncer shifted back, suddenly unsure.

"Your uncle doesn't own this club," he said. "This is the Debauchery District. It isn't a safe place for little girls."

April raised herself to her full height, which was considerably less than the man who was blocking her path. Under other circumstances she might have been offended at being called a little girl. She was sixteen, after all.

"I'm familiar with the Debauchery District," she lied. "There's another girl back there, too," she said in a softer voice. "They killed her."

"Come inside," said a voice from behind the bouncer.

It was a relief to step through the doorway, into the relative safety of the club. Her savior was as tall as the bouncer, but slender. Dark tattoos swirled over his arms and neck. His hair was dark, as were his eyes.

"It really isn't safe," he said. "No matter how well you know the Debauchery District." She couldn't tell if he truly believed her lie about being familiar with the area. And it didn't matter, because his dark eyes were full of concern.

"I don't suppose it is," April said. She hugged her arms to her chest. She was beginning to shake and didn't want this terribly attractive boy to see it. "I need a steam carriage to take me to the university. It's not far, but I don't want to go alone."

Chances were the criminal she'd bested would be out for revenge.

"A simple enough request," he said, "for the prince's niece. He may not own this club, but he runs everything else." He gestured for the bouncer. "I'll take the door. You drive the girl to the university."

April's heart sank. She'd hoped the handsome one would take her. Still, all that mattered was that she make it to her brother's side. Unlike her mother, he could handle what had happened to her. It wouldn't be pleasant, but at least she wouldn't have to hide how shaken she was.

The bouncer helped her into a steam carriage, and pulled out, his driving jerky and unskilled. "We use this thing for picking up supplies," he explained. He meant liquor. April was sorry again that she hadn't made it inside the club. And then he was turning and their destination was in sight-the university, an oasis of pristine white buildings in the midst of the derelict city, just down from the banks of the river that separated the upper from the lower city. She pointed to her brother's dormitory building, and then started to climb down before the carriage had even come to a full stop.

"Here." She handed him some coins, though he hadn't asked for payment. "For your trouble."

"Be careful," he said reluctantly. And then, looking down at the quantity of gold in his hand, continued, "If you ever need to get into the Morgue, come to the front of the line. Ask for me, Bartholomew. Or Will."

April hurried toward the wooden stairs that led to her brother's apartment. Most university residents shared living spaces, but Elliott lived alone. She wanted to barrel though the door, to get inside, but he had it barred. She knocked hard with her fist, breathing his name, until he threw the door open.

Books and papers lined every surface. Plates of uneaten food stood on top, like mildly disgusting paperweights. Bottles were strewn about, some empty, some half full.

Elliott's eyes, the same blue as her own, were shadowed. His blond hair was mussed and none too clean. He was usually meticulous in his grooming, and April realized as he embraced her that he'd consumed the contents of at least a few of those bottles. She felt guilty suddenly for coming to him for help.

Their mother hadn't rescued him. She'd left him to their uncle's torture, and April had gone with her. The warning, the one defense her mother had devised-Be pretty-hadn't worked for Elliott. Which is not to say that he wasn't attractive. It might have been his gold hair and pink cheeks that had drawn their uncle's ire.

"What are you doing?" She gestured to his apartment, the heaps of paper. The leftovers from various meals, pushed aside for more books and papers.

"Trying to make sense of things."

April picked up a paper. Elliott started to reach for it, but then waved resignedly. She skimmed what he'd written. An account of his life at their uncle's palace.

"I thought it was important to write things down," he said. "To document what happened."

"I'd rather forget," she said.

"Some things are impossible to forget." He shrugged. "When the city has burned to the ground, I think it will be important that we leave some record."

"Do you think it will burn?" she asked.

"Eventually."

"Then why don't you stop it?"

Elliott smiled as if she had made a joke, but as he took the paper back, his eyes grew distant.

"Do you think I could stop it?"

She shrugged. And then she collapsed onto his sofa, and he made her hot tea, with a shot of something to calm her nerves.

ONE YEAR LATER

The Debauchery Club was quieter than usual. April leaned forward to adhere Araby's last fake eyelash. Araby's hair shimmered purple, and she smiled the slow, sad smile that she didn't know was alluring. She had no idea of the effect she had on boys, and that was, April suspected, part of the attraction. April had always been too self-aware. Probably her mother's fault.

Not that the self-awareness made her unattractive to boys. It was just that she knew instinctively how they would respond to her and how it would turn out. At seventeen she was jaded by romance. Watching Araby's wide-eyed surprise when boys flirted with her was both fascinating and heartbreaking.

Araby had moved into the apartment across the hall nearly a year ago. Not only was she convenient, but she needed April. Though sometimes April wondered if Araby would even notice if she disappeared.

"I'll mix up something that'll make you forget that the plague ever happened," the bartender said. April ignored him. He was always saying things like that, and his drinks weren't that good. Elliott was supposed to have met her here an hour ago. She was trying not to worry about him, but he didn't make it easy; lately, he was usually doing something dangerous.

A boy with blue eyelids caught her attention from across the room, raising his eyebrows when she met his eyes. She liked that he didn't smile. His pout was alluring. He waved and she saw a tattoo on his palm. It reminded her of something, but she couldn't think of what. She tilted her head coyly and when she glanced up from under her eyelashes, he was threading his way through the crowd toward her. When he approached he handed her a tall glass, and gave another to Araby. April threw hers back in one long drink. He put his hands on her shoulders.

And then he was kissing her. And she didn't have to think about anything at all for a while.

Yet even a sultry boy with blue eyelids couldn't keep her worry for Elliott at bay forever. Eventually she pulled away, and without another word, the boy slipped into the crowd. "How disappointing," she muttered.

The bartender slid another drink across the bar, but she ignored it. "Has my brother arrived?" she asked.

"I think he's upstairs," the bartender said. "I delivered some wine to the game room, and he was there, playing chess."

"Finally." But she was irritated, and her annoyance grew as she climbed the stairs. He must have passed her to go to the game room. Why was he so inconsiderate? And where had Araby gone off to? The way that Will, the tattooed doorman Uncle Prospero had hired away from the Morgue, watched her, April wondered if Araby was finally breaking that silly vow of hers.

The game room was filled with smoke. Elliott sat in the center of the room, in front of a low table, toying with a pawn.

The young man across from him had hair that was either very dusty, or a shade of brown so nondescript that it appeared colorless.

When he saw April approaching, the boy flushed and stood. "I'll talk to you tomorrow," he said, and pulled a pair of goggles down over his eyes. April, amused by the abruptness of his retreat, stood in front of him as he prepared to leave and gave him a slow, provocative smile. The boy turned from pink to bright red.

"Don't tease him," Elliott admonished, gesturing to the chair the boy had just vacated. By the time April had settled herself and arranged her artfully tattered skirts, the boy was gone.

She raised her eyebrows.

"You'll give him a heart attack," Elliott said in explanation, "and I need him."

"I wouldn't dream of distracting your friend," April said. "But have you seen mine? Have you decided whether I'm right about Araby being exactly who we need?"

"Not yet. But I look forward to it." Elliott leaned in then, and April knew whatever he was saying was important, but her head was swimming. She put up her hand to stop him and rose from her chair. "Later, Elliott. I need some air."

As she left the room, the edges of it began to blur. She remembered a small courtyard somewhere within the labyrinth of the club; if only she could find it. But instead, turning a corner, she found the boy with the blue eyelids.

"Here." He handed her a glass, and the tattoo flashed once more. He led her to a velvet armchair and helped her sit.

"It's hot in here, isn't it?" she asked him, trying hard to focus on his face.

She propped herself up and hacked at her skirts with a pair of nail scissors from her makeup bag, something she'd done a dozen times at the club, reinventing the clothes that were mostly hand-me-downs from her mother. She pressed the glass against her face, relishing the coolness of it, and then emptied the drink.

The last sounds she heard were the ice cubes tinkling against one another and then the beads at the entrance clinking together. Someone was carrying her out of the Debauchery Club, and she wasn't drunk, certainly not ... but then she lost consciousness.

She woke on a low couch. A man was standing over her, holding out a glass. She felt woozy, but not hungover. And she definitely wasn't home. This place was stark, with a low ceiling, a few gas bulbs. It smelled earthy. She didn't have her mask, but the man wasn't wearing one. Perhaps the air was safe.

"Was I drugged?" she asked, trying to make sense of what had happened.

"It was the easiest way for my associate to apprehend you." The man loomed over her. His eyes were dark, his hair graying, and something about his demeanor said that he was used to being obeyed. And he was wearing dark robes, like some sort of thief.

April looked up at him from under her lashes, stalling for time as her head cleared. And then she ruined it all by saying, "Well, I wouldn't want my apprehension to be too inconvenient for you." Fear rushed in. Who was this man? Why was she baiting him?

"It was surprisingly easy." The man readjusted the scarf that was tied around his throat. The way he stood seemed familiar. "You should drink this. It will help." He gave her the glass. "It's only water."

April gulped it down, and held it back out toward him.

When he took it, she gasped.

They'd had servants when she was a small child, but sometimes at night, if April was sick, her father was the one who brought her a glass of water. He always kept one beside his bed. Drink this, it will help.

It couldn't be.

She'd watched her father die. Had seen Uncle Prospero standing over him, holding the knife. She was having some sort of hallucination caused by the drugs.

His hand went back to the scarf. When he dropped his hand, she could see the beginning of an ugly scar. Her father's throat had been slashed. The man-her father-saw the beginnings of belief on her face, and smiled.

"You grew up to look like your mother," he said. "Beautiful."

April tossed her hair. It was what she did when anyone complimented her appearance. Behind her, someone coughed. When she glanced back she saw a boy in manacles.

"Who is that?" she asked.

"No one of importance."

"I've seen him before," she said, frowning at the boy's spectacles. His unremarkable brown hair. "With Elliott." She snapped her mouth shut.

Don't give information to your captor. The shock, the drugs, her exhaustion were taking a toll. She couldn't trust this man, despite the memories that rushed in.

"Ah," her father said, and he sounded very sad. "I suppose you already know that your brother is a traitor."

"A traitor? Of what?" She shouldn't have said anything.

"Decency. He's loyal to your uncle."

As far as April knew, Elliott hadn't spoken to Prospero in over a year. Elliott gave her hope. He hadn't succumbed to Prospero, but even if he had, she wouldn't have blamed him. He'd been a child and everyone had abandoned him. If Father had been alive all along, then he should have moved heaven and earth to save Elliott from the prince. He had no right to curl his lip when he spoke of her brother.

And yet, somehow the tides had turned. Elliott had escaped from their uncle, and here she was, alone with this stranger who used to be her father. Was Elliott searching for her? What about Araby? Her mother?

April scanned the room. It was built from dull stone. Ugly. The only windows were high on the wall, and the light that came through was muddy and thick. They were underground. A cellar? This room had several doors, but no staircase. If it was a cellar, then the building above must be large. She'd have to leave this room to find a way up. Maybe she'd even take the other boy. He was important to her brother, after all. She turned her attention to her father.

"Why are you wearing those robes?" she asked. "Have you been hiding in some sort of monastery?

He laughed, but it was the boy in the corner who answered.

"He's the Reverend Malcontent. The one who's stirring up the city." His voice went low and accusatory. "Bombing churches."

April considered her father, wishing she had a fan, or something else to hide behind.

Was he going to hurt her? Was he like Uncle Prospero? Would batting her eyelashes save her?

"Well, those robes are not very becoming."

"Tell me about yourself," her long-lost father suggested, settling himself stiffly on the other side of the sofa.

What to tell? What not to tell?

"I belong to a club," April said slowly. "The one where your associate found me, in the Debauchery District. It's a good place for ... making friends. Passing the time. It's where I go when I can't stand being home with Mother anymore." He must have cared for Mother once. Should she tell him that his "death" had ruined her? That she couldn't stomach the world created by the plague? That she'd abandoned Elliott half a decade ago and was barely a mother to April? And he'd been alive the whole time and never contacted any of them. A flash of anger flooded her. He'd abandoned them for what? Wearing robes and masquerading as some sort of religious figure? Bombing and burning? The city had had enough of that.

"You'll be with me when my army takes the city." His eyes gleamed. "They have been through hell and back, but you will give them hope."

"Because I'm so ... " She glanced at the boy in the corner. In the gray light his face was sickly pale. For some reason, knowing that he was listening, she couldn't bring herself to say the word "pretty."

"They've been in the swamp," Malcontent continued. "Away from civilization. And you represent everything the city can give them." April had more than her share of experience with madness, but the mania in his eyes was more than she could stomach without shuddering. Was he simply seeing her as a pretty girl-some sort of prize-an incentive? Why had he gone through the trouble of abducting her now?

"I spend my afternoons putting on fake eyelashes," she stuttered. "It's a lengthy process that I've mastered with a bit of practice. Sparkling eye shadow. Sequined dresses." She launched into detail about the feathers she collected for her hair. His posture never changed. He nodded, and his eyes bored into her. She forgot about the boy in the corner in her rush to appear unthreatening and simple.

"Lovely," Malcontent said, standing. "I was right to save you. You will be very useful. So, I can't have you disappearing, little peacock. I'm going to lock this door behind me. If you need anything, you can ask the guard."

April held her breath until he was gone. She should have begged him to take her with him, but any effort to escape would have just alerted him that she wasn't as stupid as she had pretended. And with her exhaustion and woozy head, she wasn't going to be winning any prizes for alertness or intelligence. She leaned back, glad she was on the sofa.

"So you're Malcontent's little peacock now."

She jumped. For a moment she had completely forgotten about the boy who was chained to the wall.

"I suppose I am." She'd been called much worse than a peacock. She stifled a yawn. "What did you do to draw his interest?"

"I'm an inventor," he said.

She peered over the back of the couch.

"Did he want you to invent something? Or does he just want an inventor to shackle to the wall?" she asked, thinking of her uncle's dungeon full of scientists.

"He wants me to destroy something," the boy said darkly. "To build a bomb for him. But I won't." His voice had quivered before when he'd spoken of Malcontent's bombings. What did he know of such horrors?

"That's good," she said. "I admire a touch of rebelliousness." She tossed her hair over her shoulders.

"I know what you admire. I saw the boy who brought you here."

Was he jealous? Or just angry? At the club he'd blushed when she looked at him, and Elliott had suggested that she intimidated him. Apparently being chained to the wall had loosened his tongue.

"He was pretty, wasn't he?" April kept her voice steady, her eyes trained on the inventor. He was completely still, knees pulled up to his chest. With the manacle around his wrist he didn't have much freedom to move.

He raised his chin, as if giving her permission to scrutinize him. It was the sort of thing she might do. Except she would lower her chin a bit, close her eyes for a moment so her lashes would flutter delicately, turn so that he could see her excellent profile.

Since he was giving permission, she didn't hide her interest. High cheekbones. Thin lips. Nothing seemed terribly wrong with him, but she couldn't tell anything about his eyes through the goggles.

"Why don't you wear regular spectacles?" she asked. Their eyes locked for a moment. But it held no magic because the goggles looked so ridiculous.

"I was working when Malcontent's men grabbed me. When I work I look down a lot, tinkering with parts. Eyeglasses in frames tend to fall off, and to break. The lenses that I require to see are quite heavy." He pushed his hair back, but it just flopped into the same place, partially covering his magnified eyes.

"They look it," she said. They were also surprisingly good at making him appear homely. What if he was actually handsome underneath? It was much more exciting to be imprisoned with a secretly handsome boy.

"The strap messes up your hair," she observed. But it was nice hair. Slightly curly. He shook his head from side to side, his lips twisting in amusement. The movement made the distortion of his eyes even worse, and suddenly it was impossible for her to imagine him as devilishly handsome underneath a disguise. What if he was scarred, or if his eyes were terribly squinty? What if he was cross-eyed? At least his teeth looked normal. April had a horror of boys with bad teeth.

She put one hand to her aching head. Why on earth would someone dedicate themselves to inventing things, anyway? If she hadn't found lipstick and the Debauchery Club, would she have taken up invention as a hobby?

"Are there any girl inventors?" she asked.

"If you're looking for a pastime," he said, "then you should probably take up something a little simpler."

Did he think that was the sort of thing that would hurt her feelings?

"I wasn't looking for a hobby." April turned her back to him, settling on the sofa. But the silence was unpleasant, so she added, "I just wondered if there were girls who invented things. A clever girl could be good at it."

"As if I would tell you. Every inventor I know is already in hiding. A female would be even more at risk."

"Ah yes, more at risk than you or me? We've been captured by a crazy man, if you haven't noticed."

"I noticed. And I saw the damage that he did, the other night. I was out with Elliott, surveying it. He may be your father, but he's not a nice person."

"Many of my relatives aren't." Prospero was at the top of that list. "I'm not likely to trust him."

"That's the most intelligent thing I've heard you say."

As if their relationship had been long enough for him to hear her say anything of consequence.

"Well then, I don't think your inventor girlfriend's hypothetical peril is nearly as great as ours."

April peered over the back of the sofa. The wall behind him was made of bricks that had been plastered over. Would they hold some clue to their location? Perhaps they could pry some bricks from the wall and discover ... something.

"I don't have an inventor girlfriend."

"So you say."

He shook his head angrily.

But she'd finally captured his attention, so she pushed on. "I'm not interested in stealing her inventions."

She could hear something rhythmic. Maybe they were close to the sea, or beneath a factory.

"Good, because she's fictitious."

April edged herself around to the side of the couch. He was still staring at her, his expression suggesting that she was extremely stupid.

"I could unlock that manacle on your arm," she said. "If I wanted. For your information, my education is every bit as good as Elliot's."

"Except that Elliott doesn't know how to apply fake eyelashes," he said.

Exhaustion made her clumsy, so she didn't sweep across the room as elegantly as she would have liked. But still, she felt sure that she had been more graceful than some girl inventor would have been.

"Listen," she said, "and tell me what you hear." She pulled two pins from her hair. "I'm sure your inventor girlfriend has many interesting ways to use hairpins," she said as she worked to angle the pin just right. "They probably hold all of her inventions together."

"Undoubtedly." He met her gaze squarely. What had Elliott been thinking when he said that she would intimidate him? Being so close to him made her feel suddenly uncomfortable. And that in itself was strange. Hadn't she just been kissing a boy earlier tonight? A cuter boy than this ......

The lock snapped open.

"I think the sound is water," he said. "The harbor?" His wrist dropped to his lap. He massaged it but made no other move.

The silence between them stretched. She stood and smoothed her dress.

"Good luck escaping. And staying free once you've escaped. Inventors are very high in demand, I've heard. Male or female."

"In demand?" His tone was incredulous.

"From Malcontent, obviously. And Prospero, always."

"Oh, I know all about Prospero."

April whirled on him, recognition flashing through her mind.

"You were the boy Elliott dropped the hammer on!"

"That isn't important. Malcontent's men are diseased. They've been scraping out an existence in the swamp, like animals. He sees the city-and you-and probably all of your pretty friends as some sort of prize for them."

There was no use telling him that she'd already worked that out. Or that she only had one friend, who was pretty but not as pretty as April herself.

"And you're regaling him with the difficulties of adhering sparkles to your fake eyelashes." He didn't try to hide his disgust.

April went very still. "Would you rather I told him how easily I can pick a lock with a hairpin? And that once I escape, I'm going to send my brother, who is trained in the art of torture, back down here, and that Elliott will kill him very slowly? That I'm counting the hours until the two of us can stand together and watch him die a second time?"

DOOM

KENT ALMOST COULDN'T BELIEVE HOW HE'D gotten stuck in the center of so many different webs. Keeper of secrets, inventor of marvels. Prisoner of a mad man. And now with a beautiful girl before him, coldly furious.

When he was a child all he had were sounds and impressions. The ticking of the clock above his bed. The voices that proclaimed him practically blind. And his mother, who smelled of softness and tea cakes with sugary icing.

The gears of the clock, the same one that had kept him company for years, were the first thing he saw clearly. His father strapped the corrective lenses around his face, and for the first time he could make sense of the shapes around him. Looking up he saw the copper gears, the cogs endlessly turning.

His mother was already gone, an early victim of the plague, and he passed her portrait every day when he descended the stairway of their home. His father may as well have died of the plague or have been a still portrait on the wall. He gave Kent the glasses and then disappeared into a workshop behind the house. It had been a kitchen once, large enough to serve their mansion in a time when people entertained lavishly.

He tried to join his father, curious what he was doing that required such complete secrecy, but the door was bolted shut. Whenever he tried the handle his father's eyes appeared at the window and he gestured for Kent to move on.

They still had servants, an elderly manservant and a woman who had once been a housekeeper. They hadn't been paid since before the plague, but they still lived in the house. They had been asked to keep track of him during the day while his father toiled in the workshop. But they mostly disappeared into various unused rooms of the house, while Kent roamed the streets.

Eventually he had wandered into a clockmaker's shop on a hot afternoon, intrigued by the sounds. When he entered the dark storefront, he grew even more fascinated by the tiny tools and clock parts that lay haphazardly on the counter.

The clockmaker took Kent for an orphan, and offered to take him as an apprentice.

In the clockmaker's service Kent continued to comb the streets, searching the pockets of the living or the dead, taking watches for their parts. Looking for metal objects that could be melted down.

In the evenings the clockmaker taught Kent his craft. With something to occupy him, often he didn't even go home, just slept in the back of the shop. Perhaps his father missed him, but since the old man hadn't spoken more than a few words to him in the past year, he doubted it.

The clockmaker was constantly drawing plans. Something big. Something secret. It didn't seem like a clock. Kent had a bad feeling about whatever it was, even as it consumed his thoughts. He was eleven years old and uncommonly clever.

And his fears were confirmed on the day the soldiers burst into the shop, breaking a precious grandfather clock, spilling gears that Kent had worked months to collect across the floor like so much refuse. Prospero's soldiers were brutal and efficient.

They took Kent and the clockmaker to the palace, at the edge of the swamp. Kent had trembled the whole carriage ride and the entire endless walk down the aisle between Prospero's courtiers and the stage. But then Prospero had smiled, and given him a treat, and Kent had relaxed. Perhaps Prospero's cruelty was just a story told on the streets. That was the last time Kent had ever let himself think something so stupid.

Yet somehow they had survived. Prospero had let the clockmaker live, though he'd never be the same.

When they returned to the city, he didn't go home immediately. He'd stayed with the clockmaker. Fever raged through the man. Kent sat beside him, giving him sips of cool water. Helping, but also memorizing every detail that he muttered in his fever-induced dreams. The secrets that he hadn't divulged while he was being tortured poured out of him.

Two weeks later, the clockmaker finally on the path to recovery, Kent stumbled home. A candle lit the front window, but the housekeeper met him at the door, her expression grim.

His father was dead. Whether of a heart attack, or grief because he'd heard his son had been taken by Prospero, no one could say.

Kent staggered to his father's workshop, dazed. Finally, he would see what was inside.

No clockwork. No explosives. No obvious weapons. But on the table in the center of the room he found a trunk. Inside, wrapped in velvet, were lenses. Dozens of lenses. For spectacles. Goggles. All of them for him.

At the bottom of the trunk was a letter.

It read simply, It is bad enough, bringing a child into the world that has become riddled with plague. I won't have my boy saddled with blindness as well. Be careful of these. Do not keep them all in the same place, for our city is prone to disaster and fire.

Searching the workshop, and then the house, Kent found dozens more lenses. All wrapped in velvet. His father's lifework had been dedicated to improving Kent's future, though he had never shown Kent affection. The boy vowed not to become that cold and disconnected from life.

And yet, inventing allowed him to forget his grief and loneliness. Eventually it consumed all of his waking hours.

The workshop where his father had spent his days became his sanctuary. And as the years passed, his inventions veered away from clockwork into steam engines and airships. He reconnected with the blond-haired boy who had spared him that day in the palace, the prince's nephew.

It had taken Kent some months to trust him. Even though Elliott had helped in getting them out of the palace, Kent feared he could still have some loyalty to Prospero, and would steal his inventions or turn him over. But Elliott had given him money, supplied parts, and wanted nothing to do with Prospero. He seemed to genuinely care about the city. Lately he had begun making inquiries about how to build the masks for the poor.

He'd known that working with Elliott was risky. Inventing was risky. And he was right.

Somehow he'd ended up imprisoned again, by another madman.

This time, he was locked up with the most infuriating girl. Elliott's sister, with her fake eyelashes and glitter smeared above her eyes. Kent could barely look at her.

People were dying in the city every day, and this girl wasted precious resources. Like air. Here she was, bantering with him about some imaginary girlfriend. As if he had time for such things.

But then she told him, her voice steady and completely serious, how she planned to watch her father die under Elliott's sword.

"You should've been an actress," he said finally.

"I know." Her voice was light again. "My mother trained me well. Too bad the plague closed all the theaters."

"Too bad," he repeated, trying to cover his sudden confusion. She was the silliest and the most fearless person he had ever met. The silence stretched between them.

"So, we're near the harbor, and I've freed you from that manacle," she prompted. "Are you going to escape?"

"No," he said simply.

"You should. I'd enjoy being rescued."

He gave her a smile that he hoped was apologetic.

"I can't," he said. "The Reverend wants me to set a bomb, but he didn't tell me where, or what he wants me to blow up. I'm far from the only person who can build explosives in the city, as we both know. I have to figure out what he wants me to blow up, so I can tell Elliott. So we can subvert Malcontent's plans."

"I understand," she said quietly. "But then, what a waste of a good hairpin."

And he could see that she understood everything. That he'd carefully balanced the danger to her against the many people who would die if Malcontent had his way. And he'd chosen to stay because he could save the most lives this way.

He forced himself to stop thinking about the girl before him on the floor. What did Malcontent want him to blow up? What was he missing?

"I'll have to put it back on if someone comes, but I don't consider being able to do this a waste." He stood, his muscles protesting after sitting for so long on the cold floor. And he paced.

Just a few nights ago, he'd seen the damage from Malcontent's bombs. He'd seen a dead child, buried by the rubble, when Elliott took him to examine what was left.

The traces of the bomb had been negligible. But the despair of the residents of the apartment building behind the church had been overwhelming. The sadness. The expectations that someone would come along and change their miserable lives. Elliott had been perfect, reassuring, comforting. Kent had stood in the background, uncomfortable and mute.

But he could stop Malcontent from setting another bomb. If the madman wanted Kent, cared enough to have kidnapped him, then he must want something huge. An explosion that the city would remember. Unless it was simply because he'd killed whoever made the last round of bombs.

His pacing was controlled; he stepped softly so that any guards who were outside wouldn't hear the movements. He went over the schematics for his fake bomb once again. At the same time, he imagined the city as though he were looking down on it from above, from the magnificent airship that he'd taken out on only a few fledgling flights.

He and Elliott agreed that for the city to prosper, they had to find other people, had to make contact with other survivors of the plague.

And suddenly he knew where the bomb was to be set. It was so simple ... the steamship. The Discovery. Elliott's first great triumph, talking his uncle into this massive project. And Malcontent wanted to ruin everything.

Kent didn't care if Malcontent and Prospero brought each other down. He did care about innocent lives. He sighed. Figuring out where the bomb was to be set wasn't enough. He'd have to stay. He could build a fake bomb. If he left the Reverend would get a real one.

"I know where he wants to plant the bomb," he told April, who was watching him from the couch. "If somehow you do escape, or he lets you go, tell Elliott."

With his finger he sketched the schematics on the floor. It left no mark, but he'd remember. Just going through the motions of drawing helped him figure out the design. He'd need clockwork and wires and assorted parts. His bomb would be very convincing, so that the Reverend wouldn't discover it was fake until it was too late.

Footsteps sounded in the corridor outside.

"Quick, go back to your corner," April said.

Kent scurried over to the wall. Putting his wrist back in the manacle took all of his will power. But before he closed the lock a servant came in with food. The man gave April a long, considering look before putting down the tray, but he didn't even glance Kent's way before he left. Kent let the manacle drop back down to the floor.

"Malcontent-your father-could have found another pretty girl. Any pretty girl." He stopped, feeling his face flushing. "I'm not saying there are girls who are prettier than you."

"No, you're much smarter than that," she said. But the retort had no energy. She looked away and tucked a stray hair behind her ear. The makeup had mostly worn off her face, but to Kent, she still shone. "Elliott would understand. You weren't raised in the palace. I've been in this family long enough to know that it will mean more when my father sacrifices me. It will show complete devotion to his cause."

She sat on the couch and stared at the tray of food. The way she was sitting, he forced himself to look away, though he didn't really want to. She didn't wear enough clothing. It was scandalous.

"Why didn't you try to escape when the door was open?"

"Maybe I can learn something useful, too" she said. "For Elliott's cause."

"No. If you get the chance, you go," Kent told her. "I'll stay. I'll learn everything. I'll tell Elliott."

"You?" Her voice went up half an octave. "How're you going to learn any secrets? You don't even have any eyelashes to bat. At least not as far as I can tell. Come closer." She beckoned.

Instead he stayed where he was.

"I burned them off during an experiment," he said, resisting the urge to reach up and touch his eyelids. The accident had been months ago. Had the lashes grown back in? He couldn't remember and hadn't checked. It seemed like they should ...... He shook his head, dispelling whatever madness she had planted there. "There are ways to get information without batting eyelashes," he said. "Listening. Observation. Logic."

"I'm sure that all works very well for you." She smirked. "Now let me see your eyes."

He shook his head, but he didn't know whether he was answering her or marveling at her. She had lived in Prospero's court, and survived. She knew how to enjoy life, in a city where everyone else had lifeless eyes. She could teach him things. And that frightened him.

"If I can see you, then you can see my eyes," he said, hedging.

"Through those awful lenses."

She would hate the green lenses he used when he was welding. His lips quirked slightly and she took that for encouragement, standing and coming toward him. Before he knew it, she'd cornered him. He sprang to his feet and she reached up, but he caught her wrist.

"Stop." It came out more forcefully than either of them expected, and her face fell. As if he'd called her ugly. Would she understand what it was like to be nearly blind? To be vulnerable? Did she know how precious these lenses were? How impossible it would be to recreate them?

He searched for the right words to tell her, but before he could find his voice, footsteps approached once more in the hallway. April fled back across the room, perching at the edge of the couch. Resigned, he placed the manacle around his wrist, though he hid his wrist in his lap, waiting to fasten it until he saw who came through the door. If it was the servant again ... leering at April ... but it was the Reverend himself. He was followed by two servants. Kent clicked the manacle closed. Barely moments later the Reverend gestured to one of the servants, who crossed the room and unlocked it.

The man was obviously contagious, with a weeping sore on his arm. Kent stared at it, fascinated by the purple of the bruise, the green infection. It was terrible. And yet, he had to fight the urge to ask the man questions. What were his symptoms? How long had he been ill?

The other guards were also infected. April was pressing her hands to her white mask, as if holding it against her face would make it more effective.

"Are you ready to create my explosion?" Malcontent asked. "I want it to be seen throughout the city. An arc of fire and perhaps...... " He smiled at Kent, his grin feral and free of any mask. "Perhaps a smokestack flying into the air. I want to compete with my brother's fireworks."

Kent's guess had been right, but he felt no pride. Not when the crazy man already assumed he'd figured it out. Not when innocent people were sure to be killed.

"I can build a bomb for you," Kent said.

"Where shall we find the supplies?" Malcontent asked.

The question took Kent aback. "You don't have them?"

"You're the inventor," the Reverend said. "Take us to your workshop. You can collect the parts there." It was a demand.

He should have run away with April when he figured out where the bombs would go. He didn't mind risking his own life, but his workshops were full of inventions that could save the lives of many, and Malcontent would surely destroy anything Kent didn't need for the bomb. His mind raced. There was the cellar workshop where Elliott had been experimenting with designs for new masks. He couldn't risk those plans being lost. He had nothing to create a fake bomb there anyway. The room in the Morgue was out of the question. The walls were covered with his drawings. Flying machines. He'd given one to Dr. Worth some years ago. Asked the man, his hero, if he thought that men would ever fly.

His airship itself was on the roof of the Morgue, hidden under a great strip of canvas. He could not lead Malcontent there. He'd slash the balloon to bits before he let Malcontent or Prospero close to it.

That left his father's workshop. He'd abandoned the house years ago, but the detached kitchen still felt like ... home. And many of his father's tools were still there. He sighed. He had to lead them somewhere. That was the place.

The guards held out dark cloaks. April considered hers for a long time, but eventually pulled it over her scanty dress and her long legs. Kent put on his own, and even he couldn't help wincing as something moist touched his forearm. Who had worn this cloak last? Someone dripping with disease, no doubt.

They ascended to street level. Malcontent was followed by two of his men. April was still with them, he saw her put her hand to her face, missing her protective mask. She stayed as close to Kent as she could. He wished that he was a trained fighter, like Elliott. That he could truly protect her, or hold off these men so she could make a run for it. Kent led them down the wide avenue. Showing this madman his childhood home was an act of resignation. Or perhaps sacrifice. He'd never thought of himself as the type to sacrifice.

The trees in the backyard had multiplied and grown over the years and a willow nearly hid the door to the workshop. His mother's portrait in her gold frame admonished him from across the room as he stood on the threshold.

He was a fool. Most of his father's lenses were stored inside this one lab. He'd been too busy, too focused on his inventions to follow his father's last request. He opened the chest and gazed down at them all. Malcontent would never agree to bring them. And he'd destroy everything in his wake. Kent let the lid fall closed again.

He gathered supplies quickly. Malcontent's guards stayed so close that whenever he moved he bumped into one of them. One held a bag for him to drop supplies into. The other had a gun. Malcontent divided his own attention between Kent and April. As she moved gracefully through the room, touching his things, Kent wondered what she was thinking.

Finally, he picked up a pair of spectacles from one of the tables. The guard held out the bag of supplies, but Kent ignored him, placing the glasses atop his head. At least he'd have one extra pair.

"There are other things here that might be useful," he said to Malcontent.

"To you," the Reverend said softly, ushering them out. "I doubt that they would be useful to me. If you can make a bomb for me, you can certainly make one to fight me. But if you can't see to do it ... well, then I don't have to kill you."

Malcontent nodded to the guard. Kent didn't watch. April was biting her lip. He smelled the smoke, but didn't want to see his father's work and sacrifice burning, so he walked without looking back.

In an underground room-not the one where they'd been imprisoned, but a different room with a table and a window that had been boarded over-Kent toiled over his fake bomb, barely sleeping. Often Malcontent stood over him. The man knew more about explosives than Kent would have liked, always asking questions, always suspicious.

April was gone. He didn't ask where they'd put her. Thinking about it distracted him.

Finally, days later, Kent sat, crouched over a last bit of wiring. Someone entered the room, but he didn't look up.

"This is lovely," the Reverend said, examining the ticking contraption that Kent had put together. Kent tried to read his expression, but at that moment the glow of the lantern caught the edge of the lens of his glasses and blinded him. Did Malcontent really believe this would explode? Kent pulled his goggles over his head, tucking them carefully into his pocket and replacing them with the metal wire spectacles he'd taken before Malcontent burned his father's laboratory.

"If you are finished." The madman gestured toward the doorway. A guard ushered Kent back to the room where he'd first been imprisoned. April was sitting on the couch.

"What happened to your grand escape plan?" he said.

"Apparently Elliott has gone to Prospero's palace looking for me. Father keeps taunting me with it. Why make the effort when there's nothing to escape to? And while you've been tinkering, I've been busy spying."

Kent felt chilled. He hadn't exactly been counting on Elliott to come rescue him, but he'd hoped that someone would come for April.

"He has men, dozens, and he's moving them into the city using the tunnels," she whispered. "This is important. We have to tell Elliott, though if Uncle has him ... " She looked more despondent than he'd ever seen her. But then she shook herself. "Malcontent goes out at night, and takes most of the men with him. I've been such an easy prisoner, they won't expect trouble. We leave tonight."

Kent nodded and then collapsed, exhausted, against the wall.

April woke him some hours later.

"Are you ready?"

He followed her, still groggy. "Father always looks to the left when he approaches the corridor. Something there makes him uneasy. We should go in that direction."

The guard outside their door was half asleep, and didn't expect to be attacked. Kent hit him twice. He wasn't a fighter but he'd studied human anatomy enough to know where to hit a man to do the most damage. He dragged the guard across the room and closed the manacle around his wrist.

"Nicely done," April commented. He felt himself flushing.

Once in the corridor he was lost, but April led him without hesitation to a set of steps, to street level. They had to hide from one of Malcontent's patrols, squatting behind some refuse bins, but finally, as the sun rose, they were on the sidewalk, headed to the upper city.

Once they'd crossed the river they stopped in front of a ruined cathedral.

"I'm sorry they burned your laboratory," April said.

Kent felt a twinge at the loss of his mother's portrait and all those precious lenses. But he was here, alive, walking beside this clever, fearless girl who had rescued him from Malcontent's lair.

The rising sun illuminated the ruin before them, the blackened stone stark against the sky.

"What a waste," April said softly. "It was so beautiful once."

"I don't think I see beauty like other people," Kent admitted.

The look she shot him was oddly vulnerable. He wanted to explain that he thought she was wonderful, but not because of her golden hair, not because of the sparkly eye makeup. He wondered if she would believe him. If she would care.

"I have to go to my mother," she said. "Elliott has apartments in both the university and the Debauchery Club. I don't know where he'll be ... or if he'll return. But Mother will be afraid." They walked toward the Akkadian Towers.

"He'll return," Kent said with more certainty than he felt. He'd been to Prospero's castle once, after all. "We'll both tell him everything we've learned. The device I built won't explode, but he'll still want to be careful."

She grabbed his arm. "I'll tell him everything I heard," she said. "But I've changed my mind about Malcontent. I don't want to watch Elliott eviscerate him. I want to keep Elliott away from him."

"Once Elliott knows-"

"Exactly. He can't know. Not yet. I don't know why our father hates him so, but he wants to kill Elliott. I can't lose him, Kent."

April's eyes were wide, and uncharacteristically unguarded. "I'll tell him everything but Malcontent's identity then." He wondered, as he said it, if he was making a mistake.

"I'll see you again," she said. It wasn't a question. And then she was gone, through a side door, into the tower.

Kent went back to the basement lab that Elliott had procured. He was close to recreating the design of the protective masks. And after days of making a bomb for Malcontent-even a fake one-he needed to do something to help others.

He'd been working without much rest when Elliott arrived, panicked, with the scientist's daughter. They'd escaped from Prospero, but the girl had been poisoned.

Kent worked frantically, trying to calm Elliott at the same time. He was painfully aware of his lack of sleep. That his brain was fuzzy. But he did it. At last, the girl's fever broke and her breathing eased.

"Thank you," Elliott said, grasping Kent's hand. "We need her if we're going to succeed in his venture." And then he handed over the exact plans for the masks, with all the blanks Kent had been trying to fill already filled in for him. The girl had stolen them from her father.

"Wait. Prospero's no longer our biggest concern."

He told Elliott of Malcontent's plan to target the steamship, but that he, Kent, had built a fake bomb. Elliott took it in, growing more rigid with every passing minute. Finally he nodded, scooped Dr. Worth's daughter up, and swept from the room. Not until he was gone did Kent realize he hadn't mentioned April. Elliott was going back to the tower; he'd find her, and Kent's part in her story would be over.

But once again, Kent was wrong.

Two days later one of Elliott's men came with a message. Kent read it carefully. The plans were a variation of what he'd discussed with Elliott multiple times.

The launch would go as planned that night. Their own rebel soldiers would be posted, just in case. Elliott would play his part, leaving on the steamship, and Kent would follow on the airship and pick him up, returning to the city to start the revolution. But now April was going on the ship with Elliott. Kent told himself that they knew all the risks. They knew Malcontent was targeting the launch and they'd be vigilant.

He closed up the mask workshop for now and walked across town to the Morgue, where he'd wait until it was time for his move. The Morgue was already full of people looking for oblivion. He ignored them and locked himself in the spare room he'd rented. For a full half-hour he sat on the floor looking at all of his drawings. The flying machines that he'd imagined since he was a boy. And then he went to the roof. The balloon that marked the Debauchery District was his. Though it'd been manufactured before the plague, he'd modified it, and used it to make calculations needed for his greatest flying device, his steam-powered airship.

As Kent moved away from the edge, Will materialized, the way he sometimes did. He was too graceful for his own good.

"Araby is going on the ship with Prospero's nephew," he told Kent. Will's voice, when he said her name, sounded desperate and sad and thrilled, all at the same time. Kent understood how his friend felt. And yet, Elliott had been frantic when she'd been poisoned. This was not going to go smoothly. He'd never seen Elliott show such emotion, and Will ... he never asked for much, never wanted anything for himself. He deserved to fall in love with a girl whose heart wasn't divided.

"I want to take her up in the balloon," Will continued. "She has to see that there are good things here ... before it's too late."

Kent agreed, reluctantly, to keep watch while they went up and then to pull it back down. Will disappeared down the stairs, off to fetch the scientist's daughter.

When he returned, pulling Araby along with him, his cheeks were flushed, and Kent suspected he'd had a drink or two along the way. And the girl ... Kent didn't know what to think. He watched Will help her into the basket, let the balloon ascend. Her father was his hero. But the glittering eye makeup that she wore made him think only of shimmering blonde hair and an evil laugh.

It had been obvious when April had stopped in front of him in the game room of the Debauchery Club that she knew the effect she had on boys. He just hadn't expected to succumb.

The wind whipped around him, and he steadied the balloon. When he looked up Will was kissing Araby as if the world would end if they stopped. He looked away and checked his watch. Two more minutes and he had to start bringing them down or Araby wouldn't make the boat.

He was turning the crank to lower the balloon when the fireworks began. An impressive display.

"Seems the celebration is starting early," Kent said as the basket of the balloon bumped the roof. "His Majesty must have discovered that some religious zealots were planning to ruin his party."

Looking out over the city they could see the crowd parting for a group of soldiers.

"The prince is arriving now," Will said.

"I doubt it. If there's any hint of danger he'll stay way." Kent frowned and glanced back at the tarp covering his airship.

"I should be down there," Araby said.

"If you're going, you'd better hurry." Kent looked over at her. "Elliott is expecting you."

"There's no way we can make it. The harbor is too far-" Will began, but Kent cut him off.

"Take Elliott's steam carriage." He ran his hands over the straps of the basket, inspecting them. "As long as you ask the guard to bring it back. He left it with me so I could procure supplies for our project."

And Araby dragged Will to the stairs. Kent finished inspecting the balloon and basket and brushed his hands on his jacket. Now he had to wait for the guard to return with the carriage. He'd never been so impatient. He kept thinking about that kiss he shouldn't have seen. And about April. Could he see her one more time before the ship launched and the world changed? Why had he let Will take the blasted steam carriage?

Luckily he had one of Elliott's tokens, a gold coin with the symbol of an eye. He flew down the stairs and hailed a nearby soldier with an eye embroidered on his coat who drove him in another carriage to the pier. He saw Araby's purple-tinted hair, but he couldn't make his way to them, there were so many people. He'd never seen such a crush. A few entrepreneurs were selling items. Seeing the excitement on the faces around him gave him hope for the future.

Then a girl collapsed, convulsing. Kent was too far away to reach her, but as the crowd surged back, he saw April across the pier. She was wearing a red dress. He pushed through the crowd, ignoring the curses and insults that followed him.

She was fighting her way toward the gangplank, but there were just too many people, and despite her fierceness, she was slight, and the crowd was suspicious now. He ignored the dark looks of the revelers, focused only on making his way to her.

As he closed the distance between them, he realized that he didn't know what to say. But he did know the moment that she saw him.

Her face lit up.

"You aren't on the Discovery," she said.

"I was never meant to be."

"We have to get to Elliott. Something is going to happen. The pier is crawling with Malcontent's men."

"The bomb won't explode," he told her. "I told you-"

"Malcontent isn't stupid." She pulled him on as they spoke, navigating the crowd. "And in case you hadn't noticed, I'm not either," she said, and she pulled something from her pocked and placed it in his hand.

He recognized it immediately. A velvet bag, heavy with the weight of corrective lenses. She must have pocketed it when they were in his father's workshop.

"Not being able to see would be terrible." She sounded serious for a moment, and then she tossed her hair. "You wouldn't be able to see how much more beautiful I am than anyone else."

He laughed.

They were almost to the gangplank.

"Hurry," she begged, all seriousness now. "Malcontent is driven. I'm afraid that Elliott is underestimating the danger. Malcontent's men are watching the ship ... feverishly. Could they have fixed your bomb, or built a new one?"

"That's impossible," he said. But was it? Were there any other inventors in the city who'd be able to see what he'd done and correct it in a matter of days?

A path cleared before them and Kent took off.

"No!" April threw herself at his back and stopped him.

"What?" He spun around, just as the world went up in flames.

The ship exploded.

April's face was crushed into his vest. He fell forward, his body protecting hers. If she hadn't grabbed him, if he'd run those last few steps......

He couldn't hear. His shoulder was throbbing, probably burned, and the smoke stung his eyes. April had saved his life. He staggered back up to his feet and helped her to hers.

She reached up and pinched a strand of his hair. "It was on fire," she explained.

"Thank you," he said.

"Will you go ... will you look for Elliott?" She grimaced and looked down. Could Elliott have survived that blast? Or did she mean Elliott's body? "I have to find Araby. My father wants her. I can still save her."

"How did you know?" He meant about the blast.

"Malcontent's men were all cowering down. I knew something was about to happen."

She'd spent a large part of her childhood watching the faces of the people around her. But that didn't account for all of her perceptiveness. "You're so fearless," he said, repeating the description that had first come to him as they escaped from Malcontent.

They stood in the middle of the thinning crowd, both singed, staring at each other. She broke the silence. "Before you go, I'm going to kiss you."

He reached up to take off his spectacles, but she put her hand over his. "It's okay," she said. "Leave them on."

And then she wrapped her arms around his neck, and thoroughly kissed him.

It was over too quickly. Bits of ash were still falling from the sky. The city was on fire, and if any of Elliott's grandiose plans were to be carried out, they had to find a way to fight through the madness.

