Chapter One

Stella.....

A fast chill slithered down my spine. I snapped my head up and then twirled around. I heard it. I know I heard it.

Stella....

There it was again. The singsong whisper floated through the just-budding trees, carried by the gentle breeze.

I turned in a circle again, desperately seeking the origin of that voice. It didn't take a genius to figure out the Darkness was playing with me, but I'd rather face something head on than deal with the unknown.

It was painfully frustrating.

And really creepy.

I gripped my two katanas in my hand tightly and lifted my chin to the wind, hoping to pick up the scent of sulfur. The long, samurai-type swords felt comfortable and familiar in my tight grasp but still I had to remind myself to relax my wrists and stretch my fingers.

Stella....

My name was whispered with a deranged laugh, the sound just a decibel louder, just a few feet closer.

Stella come play.....

I swallowed the quick fear that invaded my blood and took off sprinting. I could be running toward the threat or away from it and really, at this point, I wasn't sure which scenario I was hoping for. But I moved swiftly through the densely packed trees, leaping over brush, dodging low hanging branches.

I could feel the evil closing in around me.

I anticipated the fight as much as I dreaded making first contact.

My gut told me this was Seven- my arch nemesis and the long-lost sister of my other half and Warrior Counterpart.

Other half in the strictly platonic sense of the word, meaning we fought to save the world side by side, complemented each other in every way and most recently drove each other crazy.

That kind of other half.

At least for now.

The breeze turned from light to heavy, from gentle to aggressive. The sky darkened overhead, thick with gray storm clouds that seemed to come out of nowhere. I felt a lone rain drop splatter on my temple and then trickle down my face.

I came to an abrupt halt when I felt the Darkness stop in front of me. We were facing off now. My swords were raised, my feet spread apart and evil all around me. Except I couldn't see anything!

"Damn it!" I shouted into the thick forest. "Show yourself!" I ended with a wild battle cry that carried over the now-whipping winds. Freshly budded leaves were ripped from their branches, swirling around my feet and a streak of black lightning hit the ground twenty feet away. It scorched the earth, burning up the new green grass in a spider web of charred ground.

Stella....

The whisper was there again, soft and delicate in direct opposition to the violent weather. The sound sent tingles of fear skittering down my body and settling in my flexing fingertips. My eyes watered from adrenaline and I prepared myself for the worst.

Still, I steeled myself with courage and in a taunting voice called back, "Come out, come out wherever you are!"

Nothing but silence.

I wasn't surprised but I was also disappointed. I just wanted these episodes to be over with. Ever since February when Aliah met Seth and me on the football field turned battlefield, the Darkness had laid relatively low.

Shadows were scarce around Mead, Nebraska- the tiny farming community where I lived- although average activity still continued to plague the rest of the Earth. We hadn't seen another sign of a Fallen, except if you counted what was happening to me now. And Serena and Nate had returned to life as usual, fighting off the army of Darkness while Seth and I tried to finish out the school year.

Everything was as it should be. That is, the Darkness still worked as hard as ever to sink its ugly teeth into this world, I was hearing voices and experiencing what I was calling.... visions more than ever. Possibly, I was on the verge of losing my mind completely. And Seth was struggling not to give into the dark side and follow his sister.

Not that he would ever admit that out loud.

It was just something I could feel.

In my bones.

So maybe everything wasn't exactly as it should be.

Mostly it felt like on the surface, we won this huge battle back in February. But really, when we got down to it, Aliah and his minions really emerged the victors- because the rest of us were all messed up now.

The winds grew stronger, causing my long, golden blonde hair to whip around my face. I brushed at it with the back of my wrist, but barely made a difference before it was right back in my sight again.

Stella.... Stella.... Stella....

The whisper grew louder until it was a sickly sweet melody that tickled my ears at the same time causing real fear to unfurl inside my chest. I turned around again, just wanting- no, needing this to be over.

More black lightning hit the ground a few feet in front of me and I jumped back, a scream ripping from my throat. I steadied myself again, drew my swords forward and then tilted my chin for borrowed defiance.

In a low, confident voice I said, "Seven, I'm waiting. We can do this all day or you can stop being such a coward."

High pitched, tinkling laughter was the only response, before a huge gust of wind knocked me on my back. My swords clattered off to the side and I lay there out of breath and weaponless.

I was awesome at this job....

I flung myself to my feet and tried to lunge for my weapon. A surge of wind pushed me back, away from my katana, but not strong enough to make me fall. I went for my sword again but the same thing happened.

I took a step back with my hands in the air.

"Fine, we can play it your way," I said to whatever was out there. "He's mine you know. Seth is my Counterpart. He's tied to me. You can't control him. You never could and you never will."

The winds picked up, whipping around me, plastering my long hair in my vision. The black lightning that streaked from the sky in charcoal flashes, hazy in gray and obsidian crystals, hit aggressively around me. The ground started on fire in little starbursts and then burned out quickly, leaving charred, dead grass in their wake. The sky was nearly black now, with the clouds overhead so thick and dark that it felt like midnight, not mid-afternoon.

"Let's go!" I screamed goadingly into the wind. My voice didn't carry far, but whoever was out there would have been able to hear me easily.

I started to light up then, I had been patient enough. I couldn't stand it anymore. The slow burn under my skin grew and grew until I was a solid ball of light. From every piece of me, my Light emanated in blinding, radiant beams. I pierced the darkness with my very essence, challenging the nature of this fight with the inner most part of me.

The air around me began to sizzle and pop with the electricity between me and my enemy. The new spring grass didn't start on fire, but began to brown from the heat coming off my skin.

"I'm ready for you!" I shouted. Although, if I were honest with myself, I was keenly aware that was not true. I was in no way ready to fight whoever was behind this force. And if it was Seven- like I suspected it was- I was probably insane for antagonizing her.

My Light continued to grow, while everything out of my reach continued to darken. My swords- laying several feet away- were completely camouflaged beneath the blinding light of my Star-essence; the only thing keeping them from disintegrating from my burn was a sacred blessing that protected them from my supernatural heat. The lightning picked up in speed and volume, snapping and sizzling as it lashed out against the earth. I felt the deep vibration of thunder, and the ground moved beneath my feet.

This was coming to a head, a culmination of wills. She was done provoking me; this was about to get real.

And then the last thing I heard from her was, "Stella!" in the loudest, most unearthly voice I'd ever experienced. The sound of her voice sent chills rippling all over my body, my stomach dropped painfully and the back of my neck ached from tension. This girl was so crazy.

But then she was gone.

The evil part of the storm disappeared more quickly than it had arrived and the sky went from inky black to soft charcoal. The alien lightning turned back to normal; in the sky, white lightning and the wind died down immediately.

Just as a hundred curses popped into my head, the sky opened with a downpour.

"Great," I groaned. I picked up my swords and then took off for one of my father's barns, the closest shelter from the rain.

By the time I reached the metal barn, I was soaked to the bone and frustrated. My hair was plastered to my face and neck and my t-shirt and yoga pants were sucked to me. This was so annoying.

Had she really kept me out there just so I would get wet?

Or was something completely different going on?

This was all there had been since February. I would get caught up in these little almost-battles and then nothing. Not only was I at the end of my rope about it, I felt like I was playing exactly into their hands. Whatever they were planning, I was just going right along with it.

At the same time though, it wasn't like I could just walk away when something like that happened. I was stuck.

And at their mercy.

And I hated it.

"Why are you all wet?" Seth asked from behind me, and I jumped at the sound of his deep, rumbly voice.

"You scared me," I panted. At this point I should have been ready for anything, but my thoughts were jumbled at the moment.

I turned around to face him as he stood in the doorway. He was wet, too, but not as soaking as I was. He had obviously been out running, something he often did from his farm to mine and back again. His light blue t-shirt was darkened to navy from the rain, almost everywhere but on the bottom hem, his running shorts slicked to his muscular thighs. He was barefoot, his feet painted in mud.

I sucked in a breath at how delicious I found that.

They were muddy feet. I so should have been grossed out, not admiring how manly he looked with dirty toes- and the speckled, streaked arches uncoated like the balls of his feet.

This was getting weird.

Honestly, did I have a foot fetish?

I snapped my eyes up to his face as quickly as I could, bypassing his spandex-looking thighs drenched from the rain. He was so gorgeous; I couldn't breathe for a second.

This was a reaction he got from me a lot. It wasn't fair. Seriously, it was not fair. He was an Angel, a real-life, perfect, flawless Angel. And even by those standards he was exceeding expectations.

His golden brown hair was extra curly, tussled and messy from the rain. His amber-colored eyes brightened with excitement and anticipation as he watched me check him out. His strong jawline was ticking; the muscles in his long, slender throat worked to swallow.

My breath hitched. I couldn't help it. He was so wickedly sexy.

"Stella? What are you doing out here?" He asked again. His voice dropped even lower and he took a step towards me.

Wanting to defuse the electrified air between us, I breathed out. "Seven. I think Seven was out there. I was in the fields training with my katanas and there was this presence." I turned my back on Seth and walked to a work table to set my swords down. After being mesmerized by Seth I had forgotten I was still holding my weapons. This was a barn where my dad kept most of his equipment. Combines, tractors and skid loaders were parked everywhere, mingled with a few lawn mowers, four-wheelers and snow mobiles.

"What happened?" Seth was right behind me. He put a strong, warm hand on my shoulder. It sent a shiver straight down my spine, so forcefully my whole body shook from it. I blamed the fact that I was freezing to the bone and his hand was incredibly warm. Nothing more.

"Nothing happened," I sighed, turning into his warmth a little. I let myself glow; my natural heat warmed me up and started to dry me out. "There was this whole onslaught of crazy weather and black lightning and then nothing. She, or it, or whoever it was, just.... left."

"You know it was Seven for certain?" I heard the anxious tone to his question, the pain that was equal parts dread and hope. He hated his sister; he wanted her dead. And at the same time I could feel- because of the bond that tied us together for eternity- his agony over her lost soul.

It was the worst and most painful part of every emotion. And I loathed that he had to go through this. I could not wait to kill her and put him out of his misery.

She was top priority for me. Even over Aliah- the main bad guy on Earth and my biggest threat. His goal was to kill or enslave Seth and then do the same to me; but mostly he just wanted to kill me. Once we were out of the way the Earth would be his and he would infect every good and living thing with his Darkness.

Earth would fall.

The last remaining vestige of life in the galaxy.

And the Darkness would win.

Too bad that would never happen.

There would always be a replacement for me. Well, hopefully. Even though other planets had all been gifted protectors, they had all ultimately died too....

Plus, there was always more bad guys it seemed.

Enough. In the past few months I had gotten in the habit of not thinking about the big picture. It was too overwhelming. I gave myself small goals and when I reached them, I could feel like I actually accomplished something.

Such as: Kill Seven. Learn to use a broadsword effectively with one hand instead of two. Stop falling in love with Tristan. Find a dress for prom. Master my in-air-combat. Learn my part in choir for the spring concert. Kill Aliah. And get out of planting with Dad this spring.

Easy.

"I know it was her," I answered firmly. I knew he didn't want to doubt me, but it was like he still couldn't help but think the best of his older sister. At the same time he thought the worst. This only added to his guilt.

He turned me toward him, using that hand on my shoulder and then wrapping his arms around me before I could protest. His body was hot and aglow, and I loved how I felt squeezed against his chest. This was part of my Star-nature. I was completely drawn to warmth and heat and the glow was about the most beautiful thing in the world.

Except, I couldn't. Not yet. This was way too soon.

But then Seth dipped his face down so that his forehead rested in the crook of my neck. His arms were still firmly around me, one across my shoulder blades, the other wrapped tightly around my waist.

"Are you Ok?" he rumbled against my skin. His lips pressed against my collarbone and even with my t-shirt in the way I could feel how warm and soft they were.

A tumble of butterflies erupted in my stomach and I closed my eyes against the sensation. "I'm fine." But it was a whisper, barely a breath.

My hands rested awkwardly on his back, but that didn't deter Seth from pulling me tighter against him. He lifted his head just a little, and pressed a sweet, lingering kiss against the side of my neck. My wet hair was matted against the column of my throat but that didn't diminish the sensation at all.

"Seth," I gasped in a shaky whisper.

I meant to step away, but he took that as encouragement and let his nose skim up my neck, across my jawline and to the place behind my ear.

"I didn't feel that you were in trouble," he growled against the skin back there. I felt the vibration with every word.

I couldn't respond. I couldn't even pretend to be thinking this through. My hands now clutched at his wet t-shirt, desperate for some foundation to hold on to.

"That won't happen again," he promised. And then he placed a kiss where he already held his lips. I shivered and leaned into him, unable to help myself.

He kissed me again. And then he kissed the curve of my jaw. My temple. My cheek. The corner of my mouth.

Oh, god.

"Seth," I gasped stronger than before, a clear warning to stop.

My heart was hammering inside my chest, desperate and confused. My blood was hot and my skin burning with my glow. This was.... confusing.

Seth tensed and froze. His face was still dangerously close to mine, his lips still hovering, poised to make contact. I knew with the smallest encouragement he would kiss me again.

But it would be more than a kiss. I had a link to his emotions and I could feel his desire. It wouldn't just be a kiss. It would be life-changing.

He would shake up everything.

And maybe I wanted that. Maybe I wanted that certainty, that final sign that this was my destiny.

But then maybe I didn't? Maybe a huge part of me felt- albeit irrational- like I was betraying Tristan. If I gave in to Seth, it would be like none of my feelings for Tristan mattered. Or like he didn't occupy a huge piece of my heart.

Because he did.

And even if nothing could happen between Tristan and me.... ever, I still wasn't willing to just turn my back on those very real feelings and give up completely.

"Don't do this, Stella," Seth growled but then backed away.

He finally released me and jerked two hands through his tangled hair. His skin was still alight and tensed, his muscles standing out perfectly. His amber eyes were shining gold and they flashed at me with frustrated anger.

"Seth, I'm not ready for this," I mumbled, knowing it didn't matter what I was ready for. The Darkness had proved that time and time again. "This needs to happen naturally." That was a lie. I was stalling and he knew it.

He shook his head, shooting me an arrogant glare. "Don't push me away," he demanded. I jumped at the authoritative tone. "You want this to happen naturally? This is as natural as it gets." He took another step back and then pinned me in place with an expression so dangerous, so honest I stopped breathing. He was such a force of nature.

These were the moments when I knew we would ultimately win against Aliah and all his minions. These were the moments I knew they didn't stand a chance. But then I had to wonder if I did either? "It is unnatural for me to stay away from you. To not kiss you every single time I want to. I should be able to claim you, Stella. You should be mine."

I gulped against everything his speech insinuated. Um. I couldn't even work that out right now. So I got angry instead. "You told me we would take this slow! You told me I didn't have to do anything I wasn't ready for."

He was primed with the retort, "I didn't realize taking it slow meant I had to compete for your affection! We're young. I knew you weren't ready for the whole life-long commitment thing and everything that entailed. I told you we would take it slow so that you didn't feel pressured to get married!"

"I need more time, Seth," I finished the argument in a broken plea.

"Fine," he slammed his hand down on the work table, my katanas jumped and clanged together at the impact. "You take your time. I'll just be waiting in the wings whenever you realize Tristan is not the man for you. Can never be the man for you."

"Seth, you don't have to-"

"Yes, I do!" His voice was just barely under a shout; he was pissed off to the max. "For me, there is no one else. And I will never pretend otherwise." His eyes flashed with more pain than I had ever seen in them before. My heart cracked down the middle when I realized this was causing him as much pain as his sister. That I was causing him so much pain. "There's no one else for me, Stella. I won't pretend differently. And that's Ok with me because I don't want anyone different. I just want you. I just want you to recognize me for who I am, to know that I'm yours. So that we can be together. So that I can come home to you."

I winced and smashed my lips together so I wouldn't make promises I didn't, couldn't mean.

How could I even argue against that? Why did he have to be so damn perfect?

He looked at me momentarily, shook his head, and turned away. His shoulders were stiff and rigid, and I wanted nothing more than to walk over to him and put my hand on his shoulder like he did to me. But I knew I couldn't.

Not after all that.

And it seemed he knew that, too, because the next time I blinked he was already out the door and gone.

And I was left more confused than ever.

I probably would have stayed there too, in my soaking clothes with a million thoughts tumbling through my head, but another whispered, "Stella....." from the rafters had me chasing after Seth and finding refuge in my old farmhouse.

I seriously needed to deal with Seven pronto. Enemy number one.

And then I would deal with Seth and all this confusion.

Chapter Two

"What's wrong with you?" Jupiter's gruff voice demanded as soon as I was safe in my kitchen. He startled me and I jumped, whipping around to face him. He probably would have caused my heart to stutter, but it was already pounding away in my chest. He was scowling at me, waiting for an answer.

To be fair to him, I was staring at the kitchen door like it was made out of poisonous snakes with their fangs dripping, poised to bite me. But honestly I felt like at any minute Seven was going to burst through it and chop my head off with her extra-long fingernails.

All the way off.

And did Seven have extra-long fingernails? I didn't really know. But that alone seemed crazy. And Seven was the epitome of crazy to me.

"Starling?" he asked with a deeper tone. He sounded meaner, even impatient, but I knew him enough by now that I recognized his concern.

"I thought I heard...." I paused to clear my throat. "I thought I heard Seven."

A charged silence met my confession before Jupiter brushed by me and slammed through the mud room and out the kitchen door. The window pane rattled with the force of the door shutting and I took a startled step back from the crash of it.

"Stella?" my dad called from the living room.

For a few more seconds I stared at the door again, this time in total confusion. I didn't know what Jupiter was doing, or why he felt the need to leave so aggressively. But the gesture felt.... protective? Maybe?

In the few months I had known him I was still struggling to figure him out. He was old, really, really old. Like nine hundred years old. And he wasn't exactly from this planet. Although since Jupiter was his original home, he was technically from this galaxy. He might not be human but he shared a galactical genetic code with humanity. And as the final survivor from his planet, he had sworn an allegiance to protect Earth from the threat that ultimately destroyed his home.

The threat that was now trying to destroy this one.

"Dad?" I asked when I walked to the living room and found him sitting on the couch reading the Omaha World Herald. My dad- one of the greatest Warriors of his generation, father to the future protector of Earth, husband to a retired Sun, Angel-extraordinaire- was very concerned about local politics.

At least he wasn't reading the Farmer's Almanac.... which had been known to happen.

He looked up at me through his Clark-Kent glasses, the ones that were supposed to make him look more human and less.... superhero, and peered at me with thoughtful concern. Because he was a Warrior, like Seth, they shared a lot of similar characteristics. My dad's wavy hair had the same natural golden highlights that Seth's did. He was built for combat with trained and well-honed muscles like every Warrior ever born. And he passed for human just enough to co-exist on Earth, which was the main reason both my family and Seth's had been chosen. I shared his crystalline blue eyes and golden skin toned, but that was mostly where our similarities ended. Other than my eyes, I was a clone of my mother- bright blonde hair and deceivingly delicate features.

"You heard Seven?" he asked, his voice carefully calm and measured. He was covering his apprehension.

"I think so," I shrugged a shoulder and met his gaze.

"You didn't see her?"

"Nope," I shook my head once. "I just heard her."

"Coming?" I watched my father grow more uneasy. He sat forward on the coach, pulling his glasses from his face and holding them between his thumb and forefinger.

"No, she was saying...." The farther removed from the barn I became, the more I doubted myself or why I felt so much fear. This all seemed so silly. So what? She said my name. She didn't even try to engage me. "I heard my name. Truthfully, I'm not even sure if it was Seven, it just.... sounded like her."

"She spoke to you?" My dad pressed. I got the distinct feeling he was hoping this was more than it actually was.

"Whispered," I croaked, finally feeling as ridiculous as I sounded.

"Pardon?"

I cleared my throat and said more clearly, "She whispered my name. Just whispered it."

"Stella," my dad sighed. He rose from the couch and walked over to me, wrapping me up in a comforting hug. "We're going to figure this out."

I tilted my head up at him, resting my chin on his chest. "You mean, you don't think I'm being silly? It was just a whisper. I should know better. I should-"

"Stop," he commanded and I did. "This is war, Stella. We are at war. And they are not going to play fair. So stop beating yourself up. We are going to end this, and her. Just stay focused on those things and you will make it through."

A little choked up, I sniffled, "Thanks, Dad."

"Sure, sweet pea," he kissed the top of my head and then straightened. "Tristan's here. I can hear his truck."

Sure enough there was the distant rumble of his oversized tires over the wet gravel drive. I gave my dad another squeeze and then walked to the front door and out onto our wrap-around porch.

The farmhouse we lived in was big but really old. The stairs creaked no matter how softly you walked on them, the porch was sagging near the middle and I'd heard my dad tell Jupiter the house needed a new roof. But this was home. Cozy, safe and familiar. Our home sat on acres of land that stretched out in rolling farmland and Tristan and I had every inch of the property memorized. Just like we knew every square foot of his parent's property too. There wasn't a whole lot to do in our small farm town growing up. So if we didn't want to get stuck working with our parents, we spent time swimming in the pond on the back of his property, jumping hay bales, hiding out in the rafters of the barns or walking the corn fields, up one way and then back and then up and then back.

It was life on a farm, and we loved every minute of it.

The air was still cool, the heavy rain still hanging in the air, but no longer falling from the sky. Tristan's old barely-white pickup kicked up mud and gravel as he drove down the drive. I had to laugh at his windshield covered in mud. He must have been out joy-riding with Lincoln and Rigley earlier, because his truck was a mess.

He pulled up in front of me and shot me a roguish smile through the filthy driver's side window before opening his door and hopping down.

He was dangerously beautiful as he walked up the stairs to meet me. His head was freshly shaved, his emerald green eyes dark and needy and his full lips pulled up into a smirk of possession.

We stood apart for thirty seconds, taking each other in, breathing the space between, before I flung myself into his arms. This was how I met Tristan. Since forever, I threw myself into him and he caught me. He would always catch me.

He clung to me just as tightly and pulled me securely against his chest. He smelled like rain and hay, and Tristan. My head spun with all the events of the last several hours, but here, in Tristan's arms they just didn't seem to matter anymore.

"What are you doing here?" I asked into his chest, noticing how hard his heart was beating against my cheek.

"I needed to see you," he answered. His fingers trailed back and forth across my lower back and I shivered at his gentle, barely-there touch.

"I needed to see you too," I confessed.

We held each other for a few more moments before letting go of each other. We'd been keeping our relationship in check for long enough that we were painfully familiar with the boundary lines we weren't allowed to cross. All hugs came to an end before they could be considered intimate- or more intimate than what was normal for us.

"What have you been doing today?" I asked him as I sank onto the porch swing that hung from the ceiling. The cushion was a little wet from the rain earlier, but I didn't let it bother me.

Tristan sat down next to me and set us to swinging with one of his toes anchored on the ground. "Rigley and I were out mudding during the rain." He was so casual, so nonchalant about it, I almost laughed.

"Mudding?" Meaning, they were out driving their trucks all over Rigley's parents land in the most dangerous way possible. There were only certain stunts that splashed mud on top of a truck with extra-large tires. "That's a little dangerous, don't you think? Do you have a death wish I don't know about?"

Tristan reached out and smoothed out my raised eyebrow with his pointer finger. "Do I have a death wish? Nope." His eyes were intense again and his attitude too cavalier. "Driving around in my truck is perfectly safe. Fighting demons and psychopaths on the other hand...."

"Not fair," I argued. We'd been doing this a lot lately, going back and forth about my fated future. "I don't have a choice."

"There's always a choice," Tristan said in a low voice.

"Fine, there's always a choice," I agreed. "Then this is what I want. I want to make this planet safe, I want to-"

"I don't want to fight anymore," Tristan cut me off by pressing his fingers against my mouth. "I came over because I couldn't stay away from you anymore, I couldn't.... Stella, I just wanted to be with you; that's it."

I nodded against his hand, relaxing because of how nice that sounded. I kissed the pads of his fingers as a gesture of surrender, tasting his skin on my lips. He watched my mouth, his eyes darkening with a heat that could burn even me.

Slowly, ever so slowly, he pulled his fingers from my mouth and then wrapped his arm around my shoulders. I snuggled into him and laid my head against chest. His heartbeat steadied, but I smiled at the idea that it wouldn't take much from me to get it going again.

"Stella, this weekend, I want to take you out," Tristan said gently, carefully.

"Sure, like Friday?" I asked.

We were both into our spring soccer seasons, but there weren't very many Friday games. Usually we played Tuesday or Thursday nights and got Friday off. Friday night in the spring turned into a big date night throughout the high school. During the fall, we had football games, and during the winter basketball games, so with track meets that took place during the day and soccer games during the week nights, the weekends were almost completely free.

"Yeah, Friday," Tristan confirmed. "But, Stel, I want this Friday. It's mine. I want this to be a date."

My chest ached at his words, knowing how impossible that would be. It wasn't just that I couldn't pick Seth because of Tristan, it was also that I couldn't pick Tristan because of Seth. Love triangles were always so sexy in books, but in reality they were heartbreaking and crushing. I felt suffocated beneath the weight of this trifecta relationship, even while I knew who my choice would be in the end.

I could never pick Tristan.

I could never be with Tristan.

No matter what my heart wanted.

"I can't go on a date with you," I whispered, my throat thick with emotion.

I felt him tense underneath me, his whole body going rigid with frustration. "Yes, you can."

"What about our friendship, Tristan? What happens if we cross the line and go on a date? If it goes really badly, you might not ever want to be my friend again." I thought that was a valid argument so I turned in his arms so he could see how sincere I was.

He smiled sweetly down at me, his big hand running up my arm until he was cupping the back of my neck. "Stella, I have never wanted to be your friend."

"What?" I gasped, a little surprised by the honesty in his tone.

"I've always wanted to be so much more than friends," he promised and then leaned forward like he was going to kiss me.

My heart sped up and pounded clumsily in my chest like it was desperately trying to work right. My fingers curled in anticipation and my stomach flip-flopped with nerves. Because even while my body screamed for our lips to connect, my brain, heart and soul pushed on the brakes so violently I felt like pitching forward and getting checked for whiplash.

"Tristan, I-"

"Stella?" Seth barked from the driveway.

Oh, no.

I stood up immediately, but the swing came flying forward and clipped me in the back of the knees so that I fell back, directly onto Tristan's lap. Tristan caught me with two hands on my waist, which was a sweet gesture, but completely the wrong time for him to be putting his hands all over me.

"Stella," Seth bellowed, stalking towards us.

Tristan pushed me up, depositing me into standing, before he jumped off the swing, marching toward Seth. "Back off, man. Can't you see she fell?"

"And that gives you the excuse to put your hands all over her?" Seth growled.

"Yeah, it does." Tristan stomped down the porch stairs and met Seth stride for stride until they were staring each other down, just inches apart. While Tristan was technically taller than Seth, Seth was.... an Angel.

I truly believed Tristan could kick any human's ass. But the fight wasn't exactly fair when Seth could fly.

"She's not yours to touch, Tristan," Seth's voice was low and threatening. Even the hairs on the back of my neck stood up at his obvious intent to harm anything that didn't heed his warning. "You need to back off."

"When she decides that, Seth," Tristan matched his tone, just as pissed off, just as scary, "Then I'll back off."

Ugh, it was the Valentine's Day dance all over again! Only that night I had been on Seth's arm and we had been having a really good time.

Until Tristan asked to dance with me.

Then the night ended in a bloody fistfight that got both boys suspended from school for three days. It was humiliating, just like they were humiliating me now. But they didn't seem to care. The caveman instincts had kicked in and they were consciously unable to think or function rationally.

"Seth, Tristan, get the hell away from each other right now," Jupiter shouted from across the drive. When neither boy made a move to step back, he reiterated, "Now, boys, or I'll make you very sorry you didn't listen."

Seth stepped down first, his body vibrating with rage, his glow hot and bright. He never took his eyes off Tristan, never softened his expression. He just walked between Tristan and me and stood there with crossed arms, and spread apart feet. The message was clear.

"I'll call you later, Stel," Tristan called out as he turned to hop back into his truck. "Or you can call me when you finally get some time alone."

I didn't know what to say and Tristan was already in his truck with the door slammed shut so I just waved as he drove away. His dirty truck swerved and fishtailed in his haste to get out of here.

But even after his truck was off our drive and out on the highway, Seth made no move to relax.

"Stella," he growled with his back to me.

"I'm just as mad at you, so don't start with me," I hissed quickly before he thought he could behave like that and get away with it.

He was silent for a few moments, his shoulders tight with tension. Slowly, he turned around to face me and I let out a breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding. His expression was purely frustrated anger; his lips were thinned into a disappointed line. But it was his damaged and vulnerable eyes that broke my heart. It was the disappointment that was the biggest blow; it was the shattering of my heart when he looked at me like that.

"Stella, he doesn't get to touch you," Seth stated plainly.

I steeled my resolve and jutted my chin. I wasn't a piece of property and I wasn't already betrothed. "Didn't we already have this conversation earlier? I'm taking my time."

"And breaking my heart while you do it. Do you want there to be no trust between us? Are you trying to damage everything that could be good?" He demanded.

I felt sick at his words, physically ill. "Seth, I'm not trying to hurt you. I'm just trying to...." I looked away before I could finish. It wasn't fair that his golden eyes could so easily undo me. "I'm just trying to figure me out."

A ripple of emotion swept the atmosphere around Seth at my words, it was strong enough that I forced myself to look at him, to make sure he was.... Ok. He held my gaze easily, effortlessly, and I supposed he always would, I supposed that was one of his superpowers. He was the other half of me and I was fighting against a destiny I couldn't control.

"Be careful you don't lose me in an effort to find you, Stella," he warned ominously. "Trust someone that knows, you won't ever be whole without me, you can't be complete without me. You have feelings for him fine, but I am your future, I was made specifically for you. He's just a distraction that's keeping you from everything you were meant to have."

He walked away then, cold and withdrawn. He was warning me about losing him, but I was starting to wonder if I already had.

Chapter Three

I woke on a loud gasp sometime after midnight. I was strung tight with anxiety, my body completely battle-ready.

I felt the danger he was in, but I still hesitated, taking a moment to stretch and adjusting to waking up from a dead sleep. Chances were Seth was just having a bad dream, something we realized drew all kinds of Darkness to him while he slept.

Ever since Jupiter and Seth moved in a few miles away, I'd been waking up on occasion, feeling the Darkness as it hovered over him. He didn't realize the danger he was in, or that he needed to be woken up. It was like night terrors for Angels.

Part of me thought about just calling Jupiter and letting him deal with it. Seth had been overbearing and rude today and then I'd spent the rest of my day feeling guilty, when I hadn't even done anything wrong. I turned Tristan down for his date. And I wasn't going to let him kiss me.

Still I was punished.

Ok, I wasn't that callous, I knew I was in the wrong too. But right now I didn't feel like doing anything about it.

The other part of me, just wanted to go to Seth and forget the day happened. I wanted to be with him and make sure he was alright. I was miserable like this- I hated that we fought.

Even without his distress right now, I would have been desperate for him, desperate to work this out between us.

I needed him right now- this very second. Maybe even more than he needed me.

And that's what prompted me to get up and slip some yoga pants on. I paused at my parents' door to tell them where I was going and why and then raced down the stairs.

Suddenly it was imperative to get to Seth as quickly as I could.

Because we didn't want to draw any attention to ourselves, especially after a battle of the epic-proportions-variety back in February, I was forced to drive my dad's truck. I sped through the backcountry roads of eastern Nebraska, swerving over gravel and braking for the occasional wandering wildlife.

Seth was only a fifteen-minute drive from my farm. During that time I thought over why he had bad dreams to begin with, because the source of his problems, was also the source of mine.

When Seth was little, his parents had been murdered in front of him by the same bad guy that hunted us today- Aliah. And if that weren't enough to scar him for life, his older sister had stepped over their dead bodies- quite literally- and joined Team Evil. Seven haunted my thoughts on a daily basis, but she also haunted Seth, not physically, but in his dreams, in his thoughts, in every part of him. Seth still mourned his lost sister and the pain of her betrayal.

Now Aliah's mission in life was to recruit Seth to the dark side in the whole, "Luke, I am your father" bit. Only, he wasn't Seth's father. He murdered Seth's father.

And even though Aliah made his plan absolutely clear, I was surprised he was able to fit in head-hunting my Counterpart, when he had so many other things on his plate- like world domination, destroying the entire realm of heaven and turning Earth into another desolate wasteland.

Obviously he had a personal assistant.

The early spring air chilled me as I jumped from the truck. Just like last time, even though oppression settled around the house, nothing physical had manifested yet. There were no Shadows lurking through the night or Fallen waiting to fight. It was just Seth's dark thoughts and haunting dreams.

I used my own key to let myself into the small ranch farmhouse Jupiter and Seth shared. I'd been gifted one shortly after Seth's first episode, when I'd entered the house, Chuck Norris, style and broke down the front door with my foot. Jupiter thought it would be easier if I didn't have to do that every time- not for me but for him, the man that had to replace all the broken doors.

As soon as I walked through the front door, I felt the physical oppression that weighed on Seth. My heart clenched tightly in my chest and my lungs froze as I empathized with his pain.

Quietly, I crept through the darkened house, even though Jupiter probably already knew I was here. I opened Seth's door and paused for a moment to take him in. He was completely transformed in sleep- sweet, gentle, off-guard. He looked perfect all the time, but something about watching him sleep tugged on every heartstring.

He was shirtless in bed and his sheet had slipped below the waistband of his plaid boxers- his only pajamas. His hands were tucked under his pillow and he rested on his side with his knees pulled partly up. His skin was tanned and golden-esque, but while deep in one of his nightmares there was no healthy glow illuminating his dark room.

I sat down next to him as softly as I could and ran my fingers through his unruly hair. "Seth," I whispered, hoping to wake him gently. "Seth."

He stirred, but just barely. He shifted to his stomach, stretched out on his mattress and made an unintelligible grunting noise.

I smiled, unable to stop myself. He was absolutely charming like this. I moved my fingers through the silky waves of his hair again, loving the feel and texture of his thick waves. "You're having another bad dream," I whispered a little firmer this time.

He made another sound and then reached out for me. His arms wrapped around my waist before I could protest and he had me tucked into the spoon of his body before I could even process objecting. His body was hot against mine, so hot and comforting. I fit against him perfectly, and our feet tangled in each other instinctively, as if this were the most natural position in the world.

"Mmm," he sighed contentedly; his words rumbled against the nape of my neck. "You came to me."

My heart jumped at his words and how peaceful he sounded now that he was awake. He'd told me how terrifying his dreams could be, how messed up they could make him. I was thrilled to know that I made it easier for him to detox from the evil that seeped in his subconscious mind.

And more than that, I was elated that he was happy I was here. The pleasure rushing in my stomach felt a lot like butterflies and a lot confusing- considering I was holding back as much as I could from Seth.

Still, I promised, "I will always come to you, Seth."

He acknowledged me with another sigh. "Stay with me," he pleaded, pulling me tighter against his strong, muscled body. "I need you tonight. Stay with me."

"Alright," I agreed instantly. His voice was deep and raspy with sleep. His face had just the shadow of a beard and it scraped against the bare skin at my nape.

"You're my Light, Stella," he murmured in a voice that proved he was falling asleep again. "When I'm lost in Darkness, you are my Light."

I felt his breathes even out against my back, his arms relax their hold. He was asleep again. But it would take me a long time to fall asleep after those words. I wanted to fight this bond between Seth and me, this future that I wasn't ready for. But when he said things like that and held me like this, everything felt so natural I wondered how I survived without these things- without him. He was meant for me.

He said he needed me, but I needed him just as much.

I just didn't know what to do about that yet.

----

"Stella," Seth's voice breeched the deep nothingness I was floating in. "Stella, wake up."

Gentle fingers were running across my bare stomach, I was hotter and more content than I had ever been. And I felt safe.

And these days, I never felt safe.

I realized then how afraid I'd become of my everyday life. How thoughts of Seven or Aliah or awaiting evil had crept into my bloodstream and started controlling the flow of blood to my heart.

I hated my weakness in that moment.

But I hated Aliah more.

My eyes fluttered open and immediately met Seth's golden gaze. His eyes were bright with affection and his skin a warm, soft heat that wrapped around every part of me.

Somehow in the night we'd turned to face each other and our limbs had tangled in an attempt to press as tightly together as we could get. His head was propped up by one hand and his other wrapped around my waist, holding me to him.

"Sorry," I nuzzled my face into the pillow so I sounded muffled. My morning voice was hoarse and scratchy, but my morning breath was worse. "I didn't mean to spend the whole night."

"I'm glad you did," he murmured, pulling me tighter against him. I sucked in a breath at hardness of his body. Every inch of him was firm, taut muscle from where my feet wrapped around his calves to his thighs pressed against mine, to where my arm wrapped around his waist. He was so.... manly, even though he wasn't technically a man. So maybe he was more male- all testosterone and alpha-instinct.

"My mom is going to kill me," I groaned.

"And Jupiter won't exactly be pleased," he chuckled.

I buried my face in Seth's chest at the thought of having to walk out of this room and face Jupiter this early in the morning. Awesome....

"But I needed you, Stella," he whispered.

I lifted my face to meet his golden gaze again. "I know."

He stared down at me for several moments before he whispered, "I think I'll always need you."

My heart stuttered in my chest and I didn't really know how to respond to that. So I tucked my face back against his heart and let the steady rising and falling of his chest soothe my tattered nerves. That was a lot to wake up to.

He sighed, but tugged me impossibly closer for just a moment before releasing me completely. With quick, swift movements he was out of the bed and yanking on sweatpants over his boxers. He took his delicious heat with him and I felt the coldness as it seeped into my very bones.

But I got up too, knowing I was the one forcing us to keep our distance.

"Last night... I mean, you haven't woken me up in at least three weeks. Are you.... is everything alright?" I crossed my arms and watched as he tugged a white t-shirt over his head.

His naturally highlighted mess of hair popped through the top before his perfect face appeared. His eyes were darker than usual and his jaw had a muscle popping in and out.

"I'm fine, Stella," he almost growled out. "I don't know why those wake you up. I can't even remember my dreams."

"Nightmares," I countered.

"I can't even remember my nightmares."

A heavy silence fell between us; the force of it laid on guilt like a physical weight. There were so many things I was doing wrong these days. So many things I didn't even want to face, let alone deal with. Like I was capable of handling the pressure and consequences. I was sixteen.

Still, I promised Seth, "I know I've put this.... distance between us, but Seth, if you ever just want to talk to me, I'm here for you."

His steely mask cracked just a little and he looked up at me with some of his old warmth, "I know, Stel."

Some of the pressure eased off my heart and I bent over to slip my shoes back on- they had come off sometime in the night. Seth tossed one of his sweatshirts to me and I just barely caught it. Sometimes it was astonishing I was able to handle a sword.

"I don't need this," I shrugged. "But thanks."

Seth's gaze flickered over my chest and minimal tank top and he cleared his throat a little nervously before he said, Trust me, you need it."

I scrambled into the huge piece of clothing, secretly relishing the warmth and feel of it as it draped my body. It had to be relatively new, because it was so soft on the inside. I wanted to rub my face against the cotton, and it still smelled like Seth- like wind, and fresh snow and something entirely foreign, but familiar to me at the same time. The sleeves covered my hands completely but I kept them like that, afraid if I pulled them out I would lose the warmth that came with something that belonged to Seth.

"Thank you."

He smiled then, big and toothy and I was so thrilled we'd found our naturalness again. I hated the in between fighting that came whenever I pushed him away or he asked too much of me too soon.

"I'll call you later, alright."

"Alright," I agreed and then left him alone in his bedroom.

I passed Jupiter on the way out of the house. He barely lifted his eyes from his coffee and paper to acknowledge me.

"Thanks for not breaking down my door," he grunted. And then he went back to his paper. That was his only comment. No reprimand? No scolding? His blase attitude was strange.

But even stranger was arriving home and greeting my parents who were both wearing sleepy smiles. They were both sitting over steaming cups of coffee too and seemed to be in quiet conversation.

"I'm sorry," I said immediately on impulse- in case this was a trap.

"For what?" My dad looked at me, his piercing blue eyes seeming to see all the way through me.

"For...." I was kind of at a loss. Last time I'd slept all the way through the night with a boy I had been in huge trouble. A few months ago they had been pissed that Tristan had snuck in my bedroom window and we'd fallen asleep. Now they were just shrugging it off? After I walked in the door at dawn? Had they been body snatched??? "For staying the night with Seth. We accidentally fell asleep and-"

"It's alright, babe," my mom cut me off with a tender smile. "You told us where you were going last night."

"But.... but... but you were so mad when Tristan spent the night!" Was I trying to get myself in trouble?

My parents shared a look and then my dad said with one eyebrow raised, "We were angry when Tristan spent the night in our house, without our permission or knowledge." And that was the tone I was expecting from the beginning. His next words shocked me though, "But Seth isn't Tristan, Stella. You of all people should know that."

My mouth unhinged; I shook my head at them. "I'm going back to bed," I declared. "When I wake up, please try to be back to normal."

They chuckled at my retreating back. And my mom said, "We'll try."

Chapter Four

"What are you doing after practice tonight?" Piper asked in an excited voice from her locker next to mine.

"Why?" I pulled out the books for my next two classes and stuffed them into my backpack. I was supposed to train tonight with Jupiter and Seth, but I would take any excuse to get out of it. Jupiter wanted me to work with alternative weapons and it was my worst nightmare. I didn't want to imagine bludgeoning an enemy until the head fell off, let alone experience it- even if they were a Fallen.

"Lincoln's parents are gone again, and we were thinking about having a very low key get together."

Piper and Lincoln had been officially together for a few months now. They were the cutest, most confusing couple I had ever seen. Where it was clear that Piper wore the pants in the relationship, she seemed to treat Lincoln with a mixture of neglect and tough love. I adored my best friend, but she was too independent for her own good.

"I don't know if I can, it's only Thursday," I shrugged. "Why can't he have it tomorrow night?"

"Rigley wants to have a proper party tomorrow night," she explained. "This would just be couples- you and Seth, Rigley and Tristan."

I snickered. "Seth and I aren't a couple."

"Whatever, Stella," she groaned. "You need to be, so I'm going to refer to you as one until you are. It's easier that way."

"For who? You or me?"

"Me, obviously."

"You do what you need to do, Babe, I'm just saying, it's probably not going to happen for a while." Nine more years, in fact. Well, if I had anything to say about it.

She let out another groan and then linked arms with me so we could walk to class- slowly. There was only a month left before school was out and we were definitely feeling spring fever. Generally speaking, we were a school filled with farm kids. Either we were direct products of living on acres of fields and crops, or extended family living nearby with enough work to keep us busy through the summer and fall harvest. Occasionally, you had the odd kids whose parents raised livestock instead of corn or soybeans, but they still understood the busy seasons and what it was like to do chores before the sun was up and go straight home from school to help out until bedtime.

We filed into class right after the tardy bell rang and smiled sweetly at our World History teacher, Mrs. Merrit, Rigley's mom. She just rolled her eyes at us.

She was actually a terrible teacher when it came to homework and tests. She was one of the most brutal. And she didn't accept any late work unless we had a note from a doctor proving we were on our death beds. This was unfortunate for me, since I never got sick, and my parents would die before they let me lie about something like that. But, she was also our volleyball coach and Rigley's mom, so occasionally we were given grace for the random error in punctuality.

Today was one of those days.

I slid into my desk behind Seth and across from Tristan. The tension in the air was so thick, I wanted to reach for the six-inch blade hidden under my bubbly denim skirt, but I refrained. It wouldn't do any good to beat either of these boys up; they were still determined to act like Neanderthals.

Tristan shot me a smile, which I returned, but Seth didn't even turn around. It had been three days since I spent the night with him; he had given me the cold shoulder ever since, except during training- then he was giving me the very hot, very deadly, very skilled shoulder. It was when he was kicking my ass with his damn pirate sword that I wished he would just stay distant, until I could give him what I wanted.

I glanced over at Tristan while he listened to the lecture on the War of 1812. His head was freshly shaved; he was rubbing his hand over it in the way he did when he was thoughtful or pissed. His skin was darkening again, now that he was out in the sun all the time practicing or helping his dad with the planting. And his bright green eyes were intent and focused forward.

He was striking. Sometimes I couldn't believe just how gorgeous he was.

It was disconcerting to stack him up next to Seth. Seth's looks were so classically perfect, his burning amber eyes, his flawless, golden skin and his tussled light-brown hair. He looked very much the Angel that he was.

But Tristan was all dark beauty and rough exterior. His muscles weren't genetically made, but hard-earned over a childhood of manual labor and constant physical activity. His nose wasn't exactly straight and his eyebrows were maybe a little thick, but he was Tristan- my Tristan. And I was afraid of how unwilling I was to let him go.

I knew what I was supposed to do.... what I was expected to do.

But I had to wonder if I was capable of living out this part of my destiny.

I didn't love Seth.

I didn't even like him as much as I liked Tristan. Tristan's muscles weren't the only thing that had been fought for and refined over time. My feelings for him spanned my entire life; they had developed constantly and consistently for as long as I could remember.

And while I felt something for Seth, there was part of me that thought my physical and emotional reaction to him was as much of a genetic complex as his godly body. Tristan had worked for our relationship. Seth had appeared in my life and expected there to be one.

That probably wasn't fair to him, but there it was all the same- the root of my issue.

My attention was drawn back to Seth when something moved along his back. I swung my gaze to him just in time to watch the tip of a Shadow's pointed tail whip around Seth's back.

My breath hitched in my throat and I stared at Seth, waiting for the disgusting little demon to reappear. Shadows were exactly what they sounded like, black smoke like creatures that were actually more flesh and blood than incorporeal material. But they appeared as black, hazy smoke and could disappear at will, floating off into different dimensions or returning to Hell in their downtime. They could also make any shape they wanted and appear as apparitions or hallucinations. Over the winter I'd mistaken one for a deer in the road one night and that's how Seth was introduced into my life.

But I hadn't seen one in a while- which was a bit disturbing. Still, it was unwelcome to watch one crawl all over my Counterpart in the middle of the day. I waited for Seth to react, to show the tension the little bastard would bring to his broad shoulders or a bit of desperation as he tried to get the shooting pain off his skin.

Shadows were our exact opposite.

Where we were made out of light, they were made out of darkness. Their touch to our skin was the harshest, most torturous kind of cold. And to them we were unbearable heat. We were purely made from Heaven and goodness. And they were spawned in the depths of Hell from only the vilest evil.

Their direct touch would kill a human on contact. And in huge hordes, they had the ability to take an Angel's life. Although one couldn't do much danger other than an annoying kind of hurt- like death by a million paper cuts kind of pain.

Seth must be insanely in control if he wasn't even going to brush off the wispy little thing.

It reappeared around Seth's bicep and I only saw it because I was paying such close attention. It wrapped around and around, slithering up and down Seth's arm and across his t-shirt like a snake.

Still, Seth didn't even flinch.

I reached forward and tried to smack the Shadow off his back, but it scurried off before I was even close. Seth did feel that though and shot me a WTH look. I stared at him, trying to figure out if he was serious or not.

He was.

My face scrunched up in confusion, but I shrugged it off. He turned back around and started taking more notes on the lecture. The bold Shadow came back, this time winding around and around Seth's neck. The deathly color of the Shadow was such a contrast to the healthy glow of Seth's skin. The Shadow was skin to skin now, Seth should have been feeling something- especially around his neck.

I couldn't believe the proverbial balls on this Shadow. He was antagonizing Seth- an Angel- while me- another Angel- sat behind him and in a room full of humans!

While there was an ongoing war over the state of this planet, there were boundaries set in place, divined by God Himself and agreed upon by Lucifer. Humanity was to be left to their own decisions. We all knew this- good, bad, even humanity understood they were masters of their own fate. They probably didn't understand the true consequences for their decisions, still they were left to determine for themselves who would ultimately control this planet. And in order to do so, we had to follow rules.

While Shadows could influence, they couldn't outright attack. And in the same vein they weren't allowed to outright reveal themselves or come in direct contact with humans.

Sure, they broke the rules all the time, but to break them in front of two Angels was just downright stupid.

Seth still hadn't bothered to remove the Shadow. It seemed quite content wrapped around his neck, like a scarf. This baffled me. It would only take was a little bit of internal Light to singe the pest so it would scamper off to the depths of Hell it came from.

I decided to help him out. I reached up- way up, because he was so tall, and readied my hand with some of my own Light. But just as I grabbed the back of Seth's neck in a firm would-be choke hold, the stupid thing disappeared again. Seth jolted from the unexpected shot of warmth through his skin and swirled around in his chair again.

"What, Stella?" he asked seeming annoyed.

"Uh, you had something on your, uh...." I trailed off, not knowing how to explain it to him now. But why was he acting so completely oblivious to it? The few times I had been unlucky enough to come in contact with Shadows skin-to-skin, they had lacerated my skin and shot their deadly iciness straight to the marrow of my bones. The pain had been unbearable. And Seth didn't even seem to notice! "Never mind."

He shook his head at me, seeming both confused and surprised by my behavior, and then turned back around.

I tried really hard after that to turn my attention back to Mrs. Merritt. I mean, I really tried. But the damn thing kept coming back! It was like a stupid game. I would turn my gaze forward until I saw something move and then I would try to catch it before it flitted away again. I kept missing, though, and Seth kept growing more and more agitated, but there was no way for me to explain it to him in class.

He would understand after, though. And then he would thank me. I was doing this for him. And my own sanity.

Finally, near the end of class, I got the upper hand by anticipating where the Shadow was going to go next. Not that the sneaky bastard was moving in patterns, but, well, I got lucky. And in my excitement to catch the Shadow I let out a shout of victory, so loud and out of place for the middle of history class. Luckily, I caught it low and to the side that was blocked by Seth's body, so the rest of the class didn't see what I was doing. And then because it was my exact opposite in every way and an enemy to my entire being, my triumphant shout became a painful cry as frigid pain shot through my skin and to the center of my being. My entire body seized up and I arched my back against the intensity of the agony.

It hurt so badly that I fell out of my desk and onto my back on the floor. My body wrenched as I tried to open my hand and release the stupid thing, but every muscle in my body had tightened and flexed. I couldn't pry my hands open and I couldn't release my inner Light because I was surrounded by people who probably thought I was either crazy or having a seizure.

My scream became a pathetic whimper and I closed my eyes against the pain.

This one hurt- worse than all the others! I had been attacked by hundreds before and still been able to fight back. But not this one. For some reason, the pain was just too intense for me to even remember how to fight back, let alone do any lasting damage.

Seth moved so fast, obviously more than humanly possible, but I couldn't care about that now. I needed him to save me. I needed him to pry my hand open.

His hands were covering mine in an instant and his inner Light was suffusing my skin like balm on an open wound. I lay there, saturated in his warmth and heat and finally pried open my hand. The Shadow escaped into the ceiling somewhere and disappeared out of this realm of existence.

A tear snuck out the corner of my eye and slid down my cheek, pooling in my ear. I was too traumatized to do anything about it. Mostly, I was thankful there was just one tear and I hadn't broken down into a puddle of weepiness.

What just happened?

"Stella, are you alright?" Mrs. Merritt stood over Seth, staring down at me with true concern on her face.

I didn't know how to respond. I was fine, at least now. But I had just freaked out in front of my entire class. I didn't want to lie, but then again, I didn't want to tell the truth. And any half-truth I could come up with would either make me sound certifiable or get me a trip to the doctor's office, where they would find all kinds of abnormalities in my blood work.

"She electrocuted herself," Seth covered for me. "I think."

"You electrocuted yourself?" Mrs. Merritt asked skeptically. I didn't exactly blame her for that....

I nodded weakly.

"How?" Mrs. Merritt demanded.

Seth bent over and picked up an oddly-shaped paper clip and held it up for Mrs. Merritt. "With this," he answered confidently.

Our desks were next to the wall- that was the only way this was remotely believable. There was an outlet within arm's reach. But still, a paper clip and an outlet was hardly electrocution worthy. Plus, wasn't my hair supposed to be standing up or something?

Cartoons always showed the frizzed-out hair if someone got electrocuted.

"This would barely shock you," Mrs. Merritt argued. Her hazel eyes narrowed on me and I could tell she was having a really hard time believing this, but she wanted to.

"It really hurt," I said, my back still glued to the industrial strength carpet.

"This hurt you so badly you fell out of your desk?" she pressed.

I nodded, letting my chin tremble with the emotion I was desperate to hold back. "It did."

"I thought you were tougher than this, Stella," she shook her head at me with obvious disappointment. I didn't expect anything less from the lady that made us do wall-sits for seven minutes straight while singing Christmas songs in pre-season.

"I am," I argued, not willing to give up my tough-girl image. "It just surprised me."

"You mean, you didn't know what would happen if you stuck a metal object in an electrical outlet?"

"Not from firsthand experience," I gave over fully to the excuse.

She just continued to shake her head at me, but then the bell rang and class was finally dismissed. Everyone rushed for the exit, conversation resuming again now that the drama I'd created was finally coming to a forced close.

"Try to hold onto some of that curiosity for when you're at home, alright?" Mrs. Merritt asked somewhat sarcastically.

"I'll try," I sighed.

And then she walked away, leaving me on the ground. My gaze flickered to Seth who was still looming over me. His amber gaze was concerned and.... something else, but I couldn't define it. I felt Piper and Tristan hanging around too, but my eyes were intently focused on explaining to Seth that I was not crazy.

"I'll help her, guys," Seth dismissed my friends with a tired breath, like I was somehow an inconvenience. They started to protest, but he waved them on.

"I'll wait," Tristan argued stubbornly.

"No you won't," Set growled.

"I'm not-" Tristan started but I cut him off.

"It's alright, Tristan," I promised, feeling foolish. "Please. I'll be right behind you guys."

He didn't argue anymore, although I could feel that he wanted to. Or at least that he didn't want to leave me alone with Seth. But I needed to talk to my Counterpart and figure out what in the world was going on!

Seth helped me up, his strong hands taking mine and swallowing them almost completely. He pulled me to my feet effortlessly and then looked down at me, waiting for an explanation.

"Let's walk," I suggested. "It will be easier to talk."

He moved to the side so I could lead the way and once we were past the classroom door we walked side-by-side down the wide hallways, letting people get out of our way, instead of the other way around. Our shoulders leaned into each other and our hands kept brushing, but I couldn't pay attention to that stuff right now. I needed to focus.

"There was a Shadow on you during class," I whispered just loud enough for him to hear through the clatter and chaos of everyone changing classes. "It kept floating over you and touching you. It would not stop. And it was driving me crazy! I thought it was hurting you but you didn't want to acknowledge it during class or something."

"Stella, I didn't feel anything." His voice was louder than mine but deep with meaning.

There was only one kind of Angel that wasn't affected by the Shadows- the Fallen.

I laid my hand on Seth's bicep and gave him a reassuring squeeze, "But I felt it too much. It wasn't normal. That one Shadow hurt me more than the hundreds of them in the locker room. It's not you. Something is going on."

He stopped, right there in the middle of the hallway, and turned to look at me. Students veered out of the way like we were a boulder in the middle of a rushing river. And that was exactly how Seth felt to me- like he was my rock, like he was the only solid thing when the rest of my life was floating away. And maybe he felt the same way about me.

"We're going to be alright," he promised, leaning his face down so that we were only a breath apart. "Whatever they are doing, it's meant to make us feel isolated..... inadequate. But we're not either, Stella. We're going to be alright."

I dropped my head to his chest and let out a sigh. My chin trembled again, so I pressed my lips together to keep from exposing my emotion. I didn't feel alright- I felt the opposite of alright.

"If they would just fight us....."

"It's the mind games. They want us crazy and lost first."

"Well, they're doing a really good job of it," I grumbled.

"Hey," he tilted my chin up and stared into my eyes- all the way in, all the way into my soul. "You're not crazy and you're not lost. Don't let them win."

I nodded, the press of his fingers firm under my chin.

"Are you Ok to go to class?" he asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I tried to smile, but it was forced and unauthentic.

"I'll see you after school."

"I have practice tonight," I reminded him. "Oh, and there's this party tonight. Well, not really a party, but like a small get together at Lincoln's tonight if you want to go. I know we have training but maybe we could get out of it? I could use a break."

"Who's going?"

"Piper, obviously. Rigley and Tristan.... you and me." Finally I smiled when I explained, "Piper says it's couples only."

"And I'm your couple?" His voice was so full of hope my heart cracked a little.

An aching pain bloomed across my chest and my hands immediately reached for his, just barely entwining the tips of our fingers. It would be so much easier to be stubborn if he wasn't so sweet.

"According to Piper," I whispered.

"Then we'll go," Seth decided.

"Jupiter won't care?"

"It won't matter. If you're acknowledging us as a couple, I'll go anywhere."

I looked up at him, unable to help myself and lost my breath. His golden eyes were glowing- right in the middle of the hallway, right in the middle of school. His skin was hot to my touch and I felt his emotions swirl around me as they warred against each other- hope, reservation, adoration, skepticism..... longing, disbelief.

"Ok, we'll go."

He smiled at me, warm and affectionate, and then disappeared down the hallway.

I turned around to head to my class and caught Tristan's eye while he stood at his locker. He had just watched the entire exchange. My heart, that had been mending and piecing back together, dropped to my toes and splintered. His face was a mask of bitterness, but his eyes held depths of anguish that punched holes in my soul.

I lifted my hand to wave at him, but he slammed his locker and stalked off down the hall before I could explain or apologize or anything. But what would I have explained? And I truly didn't have anything to apologize for.

This was so stupidly complicated and I had done it to myself. I needed to sort this out immediately.

But first I needed to get to class.

Chapter Five

"Stella," Coach Farrow called from across the field. We were running our warm up around the grass next to the one-mile track. I looked up but kept running, knowing she probably wouldn't like it if I stopped just to talk to her. She was pretty intense, but I loved it. "Go grab the practice jerseys from the equipment shed for me."

"Alright," I called back and set off to the other side of the field.

Mead High School had a decent field and football stadium for a small farm town. Our jumbotron was only two years old, and our stadium bleachers were new this year. The field, also new, was laid just a few months before- shortly after Seth and I destroyed it in our last battle with Aliah. The school, news and town all blamed the destruction on a freak February tornado. We were lucky freak tornadoes were an actual thing in Nebraska.

The locker room damage was blamed on that same natural disaster in combination with an exploding boiler. Or that's how the human authorities explained all the melting metal. They were still renovating the locker room. But the fields had to be ready for soccer and track season.

Sports was practically all we had for entertainment around here and everyone took them seriously. Football was the obvious favorite, followed by girls' volleyball and basketball for both girls and boys. The spring sports were the most neglected, but track and field won over soccer easily.

Soccer was, however, my favorite sport and Coach Farrow was a really good coach. When I first started they had assigned the librarian to coach us and she didn't know the first thing about it. She wanted the extra cash and the school just wanted to fill the space. Farrow had stepped in the very next year; she was a substitute teacher and got her coaching certificate, so we wouldn't have to suffer through practices consisting of reading the rule books three times in a row.

The equipment shed was around the building on the grassy side of the school. I kept up my pace as I made my way over there. I passed the boys warming up and shook my head at Rigley and Tristan who were whistling and making odd animal noises at me. Their teammates caught on then, and soon I had the entire boys' soccer team hollering at me. I laughed, thankful Tristan seemed to be back to normal.

My cleats clicked across the red running track before I hit grass again. I slowed down once I turned the corner, out of sight from the field and the various teams practicing. Spring was by far the busiest sports season. The boys and girls soccer teams and track all shared the space after school. It seemed to work though, since the track team had been to state every single year since the founding of the school and the boys' soccer team qualified for state last year. We were also state qualifiers but lost in the first round.

That was changing this year.

I yanked on the door to the shed. It was just a metal building that housed all the outdoor sports and PE equipment. It smelled like rotten feet and moldy jock straps, but it served a purpose.... I supposed.

It was never locked during school hours because people were always in and out of it, but the door was a pain to get open. Good thing nobody could see me back here.

I released some of my Light and used my natural strength to yank it. It flew open immediately and out with it came a surge of Shadows.

I dropped to my stomach on reflex and covered my head with my arms. They swirled around me, looking like macabre bats that wanted to eat my face.

They swooped down, low and menacing, but never touched me. I felt their momentum and the rustling of wind over my back as they flew back up in one, unified movement.

Without thinking I rolled over to my back and kicked my feet out so I jumped into standing. I let my hands light up until I looked like I was holding two balls of fire, and then waited for the Shadows to return. I wouldn't go on the offensive in the middle of the day, just around the corner from fifty students and coaching staff, but I would protect myself.

Jupiter had been pushing me hard during training and it was starting to pay off. I could control my Light in segments and I could use the intensity of my Light more effectively. I was so going to kick ass this afternoon.

The Shadows settled on top of the equipment shed. They took the shape of blackbirds, perched precariously on every edge. They looked down at me, waiting for something.... a command maybe? The smell of sulfur, like rotting eggs drifted around me; I was surprised that I hadn't smelled it before.

I waited, too. An instinct, deep and intuitive within me, warned that this was just the precursor to whatever was going to happen.

And then the temperature dropped- drastically. A thin sheet of ice spread out across the metal of the equipment shed like layers of lace. The wind picked up, clouds covered the once bright sun and then the most ominous, light-hearted laughter drifted through the air.

Seven.

And Seth was at home by now.

Suddenly she was in front of me, flesh and blood. Her long, wild, golden brown hair whipped around her face and back in the wind. Her golden brown eyes held no light or warmth, they were just.... dead. She was so beautiful, but at the same time not. She was like a rabid animal, there was beauty there, but there was also danger, impulsiveness.... There was no way to predict how she would behave or what she would do.

Except, I did know what she wanted to do- she wanted to kill me.

And she would do whatever she could to accomplish that.

"What are you doing here?" I asked. It wasn't my most inspired question, but there was this soul-deep fear robbed me of my smarter instincts. For some reason she terrified more than anything else- more than Aliah, or my future, or anything.

"Just stopped by to chat," she grinned. My back was pressed up against the brick of the school building and she was standing next to the shed. Her hands were clasped in front of her demurely but her black and white striped maxi dress flowed out around her legs in a wild dance with her hair.

"How sweet," I intoned dryly.

Two Fallen thugs stepped around the shed to join her. I recognized them from Aliah's gang. One's name was Saul, but I didn't know what the other's one's name. They were big, muscular and completely dark- as if they sucked all the light around them into their black hole of evil.

"Did we catch you alone?" Seven asked mocking innocence so well that I wanted to give her an Oscar. "Where's my adorable, little brother?"

"Where you can't touch him," I bit out. I was terrified to be alone here, with the pure, raw evil that was Seven and her henchmen. I didn't even have a weapon on me, not even a dagger or any kind of sharp object. I was completely vulnerable with only shin guards and cleats to protect myself. But I was happy Seth wasn't here. I would gladly save him this trauma.

Seven's eyes narrowed and a flicker of impatience flashed across her face. "Tell me, Stella, is Seth still having his bad dreams?" I pressed my lips together and narrowed my eyes at her, wondering if she had anything to do with dreams. "He used to have them when we were children too. Only then, I was the one to comfort him, hold him while he slept, kiss the boo boos better. I was the one that he counted on."

I just stared at her, knowing she wanted a reaction from me, knowing I could not give her one.

She walked closer to me like a tigress stalking her prey. Stopping just inches in front of me, I realized we were the same height. At different times I'd imagined her a tiny, petite little girl, weeping for help and then I pictured her towering over me, alive with all her dark power. She was neither- she was my size and destructible just like me.

Up close I could see black veins spread out from under her eyes and down her cheeks like the thinnest kind of tree roots. Her chapped lips displayed a cut in the center of her fuller bottom one. And there was a prominent bruise on the underside of her jaw. What was happening to this girl?

We didn't exactly bruise easily.

The closer she stood to me, the temperature continued to drop, and I felt her malevolent evil all the way to my spine. But at the same time she still radiated this healthy glow of Light. She did not make sense and it only made my head swim, trying to understand her.

"You look tired," I commented. "Do you also have bad dreams?"

Before I could protect myself, her hand had lifted and slapped me soundly across the face. Her sharp fingernails caught my skin as they dragged down in painful slices. I gasped at the sudden sting and felt the trickle of blood as it dripped down my chin and onto my t-shirt.

She lifted her hand but only to catch my pony tail. Her hand grabbed fistfuls of my hair and yanked it hard so I was forced to look up at her, "What do you think, little Star?" Her voice rasped aggression. I was tougher than a hair pull, but her grip was so firm that I couldn't extricate my head from her hands without losing handfuls of hair in the process. "Of course, I have bad dreams. Not quite evil... not quite good.... Seth and I have that in common, you know? There's no coming back from either though. It's only a matter of time before Seth sees the.... light." She laughed at her own joke- an airy, tinkling sound, that under any other circumstances would have sounded pleasant. Then she trailed a long, bloodied fingernail over my exposed throat.

"Seth is not like you," I croaked out. "He will never be like you!"

Her expression immediately softened- the exact opposite reaction I expected. Her scraping touch became light and gentle; she lowered her face even closer to mine. It was this side of her that terrified me more than anything else.

"I just love that you care so much about my brother," she cooed in my face. I could feel her hot breath wash over me; I could smell the mint of her toothpaste. "He needs people in his life to take care of him, to scare all the bad monsters away." Her voice was a singsong of sweetness. I shuddered as I felt the bile rise in my throat. "It's so sad that you don't get to stay around. You're probably the only person that could save him."

"Save him from what?" I gasped as her grip became tighter and her fingernail started to dig my jugular. My arms fell limp at my side. I could fight back- I would fight back. But first, I wanted her to talk as much as possible.

"From himself," she growled, her voice dropping low and somehow shrieking at the same time.

"There you are, my pet," Aliah's deep voice called from nearby. "I'd started to worry about you."

Seven's expression immediately softened but not before her nail cut the skin at my throat; I felt more blood as it dropped down to the collar of my shirt.

"Hello, Aliah," she called in a perfectly normal sounding voice.

"Hello, Darling," His voice was lightly accented and as I looked past Seven I could see he looked perfectly normal too. In a sharp navy-blue suit with crisp white oxford underneath and yellow tie, he actually looked more than normal- he looked amazing. Bastard. "Having some fun?" he asked, clearly sounding amused.

"So much," she grinned without taking her eyes off me.

"Well, I hate to interrupt you, but why don't you let the boys do the dirty work. We don't want you losing that luminescent Light of yours, now do we?"

As if in a trance, Seven's eyes went vacant again; she shook her head carefully. My stomach churned with a violent nausea, and tears pricked at my eyes for her. I felt sorry for Seven! How messed up was that?

She dropped me immediately and skipped to Aliah's side- with a childlike quality returning at his presence. She latched onto one of his arms and laid her head against his shoulder, while I stood up and ran my hand against my throat, wiping the blood away. It smeared across my palm, and I had to assume, the skin on my neck too. My face still trickled blood from her scratches as well, and dripped into the corner of my mouth, coating my tongue with metal and salt.

"Stella," Aliah greeted me casually. "How lovely to see you again."

I didn't say anything. I wouldn't give him the satisfaction.

Seven rocked back and forth next to him, clinging to his arm, but her eyes still remained trained on me. She looked so much like Seth, but so different at the same time. And there was something more to her than even her bipolar personalities let on. She was childlike and out of her mind crazy, but she was also evil and twisted. Still, there was something beyond even that.

I just didn't know what.

Aliah picked up on my interest in her. "She's special, Stella. Surely you've noticed that already."

"She's a little bit bat shit too," I mumbled before I could stop myself.

Aliah broke out into a huge grin, pleased with my insult. "Such a lovely mouth on you, Starling. What would your parents think?"

The same thing. But I didn't say that. I needed to think of a way to get out of this, or at least away from the practices happening just around the corner. If coach sent someone to find out what was taking me so long, they were going to get pulled into this and I could not let that happen.

So I did something that went totally against everything that I believed I was. I stomped down my instincts and swallowed my pride. And I ran.

Or flew rather.

I was off the ground in a moment. I shot upward in a ball of brilliant Light that I felt in every inch of me. My entire being became blinding Light; my breathing stopped for lack of need. My eyesight became like night vision as Light even swallowed my eyeballs. I was as close to my true essence as I ever had been before and I wasn't naive enough to believe there wouldn't be a very negative impact on the atmosphere around me but my main concern was to get Aliah and his goons away from the high school. And maybe even me.

I was somewhere else in a few seconds. I was moving too fast to figure out exactly where I was, but I was not over Nebraska, maybe not even over the US anymore. I loved flying with the wind, the cold air against my hot skin, the freedom and complete independence of the air. But not in these kinds of circumstances; now, I just felt disoriented and lost.

And afraid.

Something hit me so hard in the side that I was knocked off course and sent plummeting to the ground thousands of feet below. Because I was letting off so much Light, I wasn't breathing and therefore couldn't scream- even though I wanted to. Instead, the panic and hysteria ignited in my blood like wildfire, consuming every last inch of me so that I suffered in silence.

The something I could now identify as a body- an aggressive body that wanted me to die- was unrelenting with his pressure, with his assault. I fought against him, arms hitting solid body, hands clawing at his tight hold. But he didn't give up an inch.

He was forcing me to the ground, and I was helpless to do anything but wait for the impact.

Suddenly my body hit the hard earth; every molecule in me screamed with brutal pain. Dirt, rocks, the soft mud below surface level skyrocketed around us like we were a bomb that hit the ground. Fountains of gritty earth erupted toward the sky like mighty geysers; we dug into the earth as if we would become one with it.

My Light faded as I flickered back and forth between human-form and Angel. Every single bone felt broken; every inch of my skin burned from the scraping impact. My head felt like it was split in two. I almost wished that it would detach from my neck, so I didn't have to suffer a moment more of this agony.

The Fallen that had taken me down slowly detached himself from me when the dust settled around us and struggled to his feet. I took most of the impact, but not all of it. He was suffering too.

Good.

His face was streaked with red dirt and his clothes and hair completely dust-covered. I assumed I looked just as stellar, but I couldn't find the will to care. I couldn't even find it in me to get up and fight this guy.

My body finally settled on human form as I sucked in a choking breath filled with polluted, dusty air. It immediately set me off coughing and sucking in oxygen to sustain consciousness. I was barely succeeding when he stumbled toward me and kicked me in the jaw.

I was dug deep into the ground, propped up in a crater of my own making. When his boot connected with my jaw, my head snapped back and hit the corner of a rock before falling forward again. My head snapped back and forth like an elastic rubber band.

Blood ran from my mouth now, too. I wondered idly if my teeth would fall out, and if so, would they grow back like my bones? Or would I be toothless forever?

A hot stream of blood spewed from the back of my head, down my neck, soaking my shirt. He- Saul, I recognized Saul- lifted his boot again to wind it back for another swing. I tried to block it with my hand or at least soften the blow to my face, but my right arm was completely out of socket; I couldn't even drag it around on the ground it rested on. It hung next to me, completely useless.

Before I could even contemplate checking out my other arm, his foot connected with my neck this time. I felt my trachea compress in my throat. I couldn't breathe for long, gasping moments as I struggled to retain consciousness and to breathe again.

I discovered that my left arm worked well enough to claw at my throat, encouraging it to work again, fighting for it to open up and send air in and out of my lungs. Finally, after what felt like forever, I started to receive oxygen; they were painful, burning breaths, but there was no better feeling.

Saul stood before me and unsheathed the sword he kept strapped to his side. The afternoon sun glinted off the silver blade, blinding me momentarily. He moved slightly so I could see his face as the sun lit up the horizon behind him, like a brilliant spotlight on all his evil deeds. He studied me in a detached, curious kind of way. And if I wasn't already delirious with pain or half-unconscious, I probably would have had something very snarky to say.

As it were, I focused on my scarily raspy breaths and not passing out. I, at least, wanted to see this- see what he was going to do with me.

Vaguely I realized I wouldn't be able to get up, to even have my honor, when he beheaded me. My hip, or pelvic bone or something sitting at my waist was absolutely shattered, not giving my legs any kind of ability to move. I was trapped.

And he was determined to kill me.

There wasn't even anything I could do about it. My body was beyond the ability to turn back into its natural state, and my mind was too confused by the searing pain, to figure out a defensive strategy.

Saul took a step forward and raised his sword. He crossed it over his body with two hands and didn't even offer any wise goodbye words. I expected something from him, at least an acknowledgment that he was about to kill me.

Instead, his face contorted into a mask of hatred. He screamed out a battle cry so fierce and raging, spittle dotted his mouth and cheeks, and a long strand of drool hung from his bottom lip.

I tensed, anticipating the impact; my eyes shut naturally. Then the pain became unbearable; behind the dark shades of my eyelids, a blinding light burst into life. I began to hallucinate.

I felt like my eyes opened and instead of meeting Saul's sword across my throat, I saw Seth instead. He landed on his feet with the force of a semi-truck and a sword already in action. Before Saul could even turn to his attacker, Seth had sliced his body in half with one fluid motion. Blood exploded from the clean cut like a geyser coating my body and Seth's beautiful face.

He wasn't finished though.

He leapt into the air and spun around. Raising his sword again he brought it down with staggering power against Saul's neck, detaching his head before the top of his body ever hit the ground.

All three pieces of my enemy's body landed in separate piles at the same time. Seth landed too, right in front of me. He sheathed his sword with another swift lift of his arm and was in my face before I could feel reality again.

He touched my jaw with careful fingers- fingers that belied the deadly force that he truly was, fingers that trembled with care at the sight of my broken body. And just before I found the sweet relief of oblivion, I heard him whisper words that would have changed my life if this weren't the end, if I wasn't about to meet death face to face.

"Don't go, Stella," he whispered. "Don't leave me. You are my reason. You are my truth. Stay," his voice cracked with an emotion that seemed to flood even my muddled brain. "Stay with me!"

Chapter Six

My body was on fire. And I was surrounded in darkness. This had to be Hell. It had to be.

I felt my mouth work, trying to let lose a scream of suffering, but my throat was too rough and sore to allow that to happen. Instead, I heard the pathetic whimper that fell from my lips and into the void of pain beyond me.

That's all I felt- all I knew. Pain. And more pain.

It felt infinite. It consumed me. There wasn't a part of my body that remained quiet; every molecule, blood vessel, bone and organ screamed with misery. Tears followed the agonizing pain- tracking down my face, leaving wet trails that pooled in my neck and shoulders.

And then nothing. I sank back into the black void of no feeling, no pain, and no thoughts. Just..... nothing.

----

The next time I found consciousness again, I was able to open my eyes and realize I wasn't in Hell after all. I was in my bedroom, in my bed and under my own covers.

My eyelids felt too heavy to open, but I forced them up so I could see for myself that I was home. I didn't know how I got here, or how I did not die, but I didn't care at this point.

I started crying again, but this time it wasn't from pain. It was from relief, relief that I wasn't dead, relief that I wasn't still in that unnamed desert with an enemy sword at my throat, relief that I wasn't burning in Hell.

I was home.

"Hey, hey," Seth whispered softly when the first tear dropped to my cheek. "Are you still in a lot of pain?"

I shook my head, drinking him and his perfection in. Although he didn't look very perfect right now, he was to me. He couldn't have been more perfect. His hair was a mess, tussled and wild like he had been pulling his hands through it for days- and maybe he had been. His jaw had a solid day's growth of facial hair. It wasn't as thick as I imagined it would be one day when he was a full-grown man, but it was just scruffy enough to highlight his sharp jawline and high cheekbones. His clothes were wrinkled and stretched out. His hands were trembling, actually shaking as he observed me from the end of my bed.

"You're here," I whispered through the still falling tears.

"I'm here," he promised.

He stood up and moved down so that he was sitting near my hip. He carefully, and gently lowered his body so not to jostle the mattress. He reached forward like he would take my hand, and thought better of it, pulling his hand back and running it through his messy hair again. His eyes were so golden, so deep with emotion that they appeared like separate living entities that just happened to be attached to him.

I took the initiative and grabbed his hand with my now healed, formerly broken one, as soon as his dropped down from his head. He looked down where our fingers tangled together and cleared his throat. I imagined the emotion clogging it.

"Your hand is alright?" he asked carefully.

I wiggled around in bed and found that not just my hand, but my hips, my legs, my severed spine, my broken neck, my split-open head.... everything was fine.... everything was healed. I was still stiff and sore, but I would be fine by tomorrow.

"Not just my hand, most of me is alright, I think." My voice was course sand paper; but I didn't know if that was from the unconsciousness or because it was still healing.

Palpable relief washed over Seth and he dropped his head back, looking up at the ceiling. His hand squeezed mine tighter and trembled harder, as if he were having trouble composing himself.

"That was scary, Stella," he finally admitted when his amber eyes met mine again.

"I know."

"If I hadn't gotten there when I did..."

"I know," I cut him off before he could say the words that would make everything way too real. "But you did get there. You saved me."

Seth leaned forward so that our foreheads just barely pressed together and closed his eyes. He inhaled through his nose and whispered something in a language I didn't understand- in the language of Heaven. I forgot he could speak it.

"What was that? What did you say?"

Instead of answering me, he let his nose trail down my temple and then he placed a sweet kiss on my cheek, lingering as he tasted my skin and tears. My heart hammered in my beaten chest, and even though I didn't know exactly what he said, I felt his words; I felt his secret words all the way to my soul.

The door opened and my parents walked in, both looking worse for wear. My dad appeared haggard and my mother looked sickly. As Seth moved out of the way, they immediately surrounded me. My mom pulled me into her arms and I felt her shake with relief as she held me tightly to her.

My dad enveloped us both in his massive strength.

My parents were capable Warriors. At one time they led legions of Angels to protect planets. They would never have allowed themselves to be caught off guard like I did; they never would have been taken by surprise.

I felt so inadequate, so unprepared for this task I expected to take. How could I become the Protector of Earth when I couldn't even protect myself? It had taken nothing for Seven to confront me and even less for Saul to practically take my head. I wasn't up for this.

I wanted to believe it was because I was still so young, still without most of my powers.

But look at Seth- he overcame Saul in three seconds flat.

"Tell us what happened," my mom commanded gently. She pulled away so she could look in my eyes, but kept her hands on my shoulders. Her eyes were glossy and her face puffy from crying, I guessed.

Jupiter walked quietly in the door, followed by Serena and Nate, the temporary Protector and her Warrior. They all found seats on the floor or at my desk.

I was embarrassed to "host" this meeting in my bedroom, and sure that I looked like a monster who had been out for who knew how long.

That was actually my first question. I had to find out before I could relive my nightmare.

"How long was I unconscious?" I asked, my voice still gravelly.

"Three days," my dad answered in a whisper. "You were in and out some, but mostly unconscious. It's Sunday."

"Three days," I repeated in a stunned whisper. "But I'm alright? No missing important parts?" Soccer practice had been on Thursday.

"Everything seems to be there," my mother answered with the faintest hint of a smile. "Does everything feel alright?"

"I think so," I nodded slowly, testing my neck and head. "I'm still pretty sore, but I haven't found something I can't move yet."

"That's good, Sweat Pea," my dad smiled at me, genuinely this time.

The whole atmosphere began to relax as I seemed more and more Ok to everyone.

Well, except for Seth..... he seemed to get more and more wound up, the wider awake I became. I knew he was blaming himself, but he didn't need to feel any guilt and I couldn't wait to explain that to him.

"So, tell us what happened, Stel," Jupiter demanded in the most polite voice I'd ever heard him use. Also... he'd never called me by a nickname before either. It was freaking me out almost more than my near life or death situation.

I struggled to sit up straighter and meet all of the concerned stares. But eventually my eyes fell on Seth, who was the most emotional of us all. His golden gaze bore through me, hot and desperate for.... something.

"I was at soccer. Coach sent me to the equipment shed for practice jerseys and when I opened the shed probably a hundred Shadows flew out of it. They didn't attack me, they just kind of.... cornered me. I didn't have any weapons and there were so many people around the corner that I didn't think I should..."

"Stella, no one blames you for what happened. You don't have to defend your actions. We just want to understand the chain of events." My dad's voice was gentle, but firm. The rich, melodic sound soothed my frayed nerves.

"Alright," I agreed. I swallowed against the scratchy dryness of my throat and pushed on. "So, they ended up on the roof of the shed and then Seven appeared." My eyes darted to Seth's and I watched his face become a mask of obscurity; he wasn't going to let me read him. He was hiding whatever he felt from me, and that stung. I knew he cared and would be as honest with me as he could, but I saw that he had secrets, things he wouldn't share with me no matter how close we got. "She wasn't alone. Saul and another one of the Fallen were there. I guess they were her backup? But maybe, now that I look back, they might have also been her babysitters too. Because she, I don't know, she seemed.... off. Even for her."

Jupiter chuckled at that and then mumbled something in a different language. I couldn't speak Jupiter-ese but it sounded like a string of curses. However, he could have been reciting the Pledge of Allegiance for all I knew.

I continued, "She threatened me; we had words. I was preparing to fight her. I don't know why I hadn't yet. I think I thought she would reveal something? She seemed so unstable, I just kept waiting for her to fall apart. She slapped me, but that was it. And then Aliah showed up.

I can't tell you if the whole thing was planned or not. I don't know if Aliah sent Seven or if he came to collect her; it could have easily been either scenario. He took Seven back, though, and then gave Saul and the other guy a kill order. That's when I took off. I tried to get away, or at least as far away from humans as possible. And Saul met me in the air. When we landed it was just him and me. I don't know what happened to Aliah, Seven or that other guy. The last thing I remember is Seth, Seth saving me."

Silence fell around us and tension filled the room. There were so many unanswered questions floating around. I didn't think anyone knew where to begin or how to start.

"Did Seven seem scared?" asked Seth.

And along with my hurting muscles, my chest pain increased tenfold after his careful question. His voice was broken and hollow; he wasn't even trying to hide his pain anymore.

"Yes," I whispered. "And confused. But then she would switch, and she would be completely Fallen. The only time she seemed at all consistent was when Aliah was there, but it wasn't a good kind of consistent. She was so... fragile around him. He has her mind so twisted up, Seth, I'm not sure she knows up from down- not really."

Seth ran two hands roughly over his face and turned to stare out the window. He hated his sister, but at the same time he loved her. How could he not?

Sure, she was a deranged psychopath, but she was still his sister.

And Aliah was basically his uncle.

Ugh. Seth. My heart just continued to splinter for him and all this frustrating trauma.

"Aliah wanted you dead?" Jupiter changed the subject. "It was a direct order?"

"Yes," I nodded. I forced my fear and panic to shut down and focused on answering the questions. I became clinical. I had to. If I didn't shut off my emotions, this hysteria would swallow me. Never before had I felt so helpless. "He wanted me dead. I'm actually kind of amazed he hasn't come after me sooner."

"Well, he's been busy," Nate sighed. He sounded tired.

"What do you mean?"

"He's causing problems everywhere, Stella," Serena explained. She ran a hand through her fiery orange hair and looked up at me from the floor. She was ethereal, even as she stretched out in a mess of my dirty clothes and school papers. Her long limbs were elegant and willowy, and her warrior's frame seemed too big for my small room. She continued, "We've almost called in reinforcements several times. He's hitting us everywhere. They have more forces here than they've ever had."

"But how?" My eyes darted back between Serena, Jupiter and my parents. How could they have kept this from me?

"Earth is the last living planet," Serena shrugged. "They don't have to spread out their armies anymore. They can send them all here."

"But how are they getting through?" I demanded. "We don't have to spread out our army either. They shouldn't be able to get on the planet!" I was adamant and exhausted. This fight would never end. I knew that, but why did it have to start so early? Why couldn't they have waited until I was better prepared?

Although, obviously I knew why they hadn't waited.

"We're not exactly sure," Jupiter said carefully but I read the text that wasn't spoken aloud.

"The Council?" I demanded to know. "Do you think it's the traitor in the Council?"

There was a heavy silence as my blunt question was digested. Stars and Angels didn't just talk about the Council of Elders this way. They were treated with absolute respect and their authority was basically unquestioned law. To suspect there was a traitor in their midst was the most serious allegation one could bring, and to talk about it flippantly was not acceptable. If an accusation was made and turned out to be false, the accuser would be stripped of his title and job, and returned to the lowest level of Heaven for the rest of his days. Not exactly the worst punishment in the world, except if you were a born fighter. You could easily go crazy by being taken out of the field, or worse, become Fallen.

"Yes, we think so," Nate admitted quietly.

"So what are you going to do? How are you going to approach the Council, if the traitor is already apart of them?"

"We're not," Serena answered quietly. "At least not yet. We're going to focus on destroying Aliah. And then we will decide from there. Right now he's our biggest threat. And chances are the name of the traitor has not been uttered outside of Aliah's head. A conspiracy this big would take an incredible amount of silence. If we could take out Aliah, then all we would have to do is wait. The defector will make a move at some point. We wait for him to out himself and then we trap him. But Aliah comes first."

"And with him, Seven," Seth announced. I couldn't tell if it was a statement or a question and apparently nobody else could either, because nobody answered him.

"So you're hunting Aliah?" I asked in an effort to change the subject.

"Yes," Serena confirmed. "Now, more than ever."

"And as soon as you're ready we will use you and Seth as backup. The more we have on our side the better," Nate explained.

"Good," I agreed.

"And we're not going to leave you alone at practices or games anymore. Someone will always be with you," my dad informed me. "We won't let that happen again." Seth started to say something but my dad cut him off. "Son, it's not your fault. There is something going on, something that keeps us from hearing or feeling each other. So we're going to take away the risk of being caught alone."

I hated the idea of being followed around by anyone other than Seth. But I understood the need, especially after almost losing my head thing.

"What did you tell the school?" I asked out of pure curiosity. I knew my parents would only lie in an extreme case, but this kind of seemed like an extreme case to me. And it wasn't like they could exactly tell the truth about why I had suddenly disappeared.

"We said you got suddenly sick, and called your dad to pick you up," my mom admitted. "You've been absent the last two days because you're not over it."

"Your coach was really worried about you," my dad took over. "She called after you didn't return to practice and your mom came up with the story then."

"Did you know something was wrong?" I asked in a small voice.

"Seth did," my dad confirmed, turning to look at Seth with as much pride as he was capable. "From what it sounds like, he knew right away. The bond is very strong between you two."

"I didn't know until you were airborne," Seth corrected him. "I didn't feel the danger until right before I saw you."

"Is that going to be a problem?" I asked quickly. "I was burning pretty bright."

"It might be," Jupiter answered. His dull red eyes seemed dimmer today, more so than usual. He ran a hand over his gray hair and leaned forward so that his elbows rested on his knees. "The government might stop by to check things out. Although the phenomenon in the New Mexico desert will have them over there too."

"Is that where we landed?"

"Yep."

"How did you find us there?" I turned my attention back to Seth.

"I felt you. I followed you. They won't ever take you from me."

My breath caught in my throat and my bones felt gooey. I believed him. He was the reason I was still alive, the reason I was still able to walk and move. I knew without a doubt that he would never let this happen again.

He would always take care of me.

"Thank you," I said with watery eyes. I couldn't see straight through the tears clouding my vision. Seth was just a big, blurry figure in my line of sight. I blinked once and two tears fell from both eyes. He came into focus then. His jaw had hardened tightly with tension but his eyes had softened into infinite emotion.

"Always, Stella," Seth promised.

My mom patted my knee and stood up. My father followed her and then everybody else.

"We should probably let her rest some more," my mom suggested, but it definitely felt more like a command.

"Feel better, Stella," Nate tapped my toe and then took Serena's hand. She gave me a small, encouraging smile and then they disappeared with Jupiter on their heels.

"Come on, Seth," my dad called from the doorway. "You've seen she's alright, now let her sleep."

Seth walked over to me, ignoring my dad, a gesture that seemed very brave to me. He stopped by my side and bent down to place another sweet kiss on my cheek. With his lips lingering on my skin he promised, "I'll be back later."

And then he followed after my parents, leaving me alone with my thoughts.

I had been filled with fear and paranoia lately. And after everything I went through I should probably be feeling it even more. But I didn't.

Not with Seth nearby.

If anything, I felt more protected than ever. A feeling of safety and security unlike I'd ever known filled me, and I knew it was all because of Seth- all because of what he would risk to keep me alive.

And it was then that I felt myself fall just a little bit deeper in love with him.

Chapter Seven

"So you're not coming to school again?" Piper whined into the phone. It was currently not even seven in the morning yet, and Piper had finally gotten ahold of me after more than three days of radio silence.

"Nope," I tried my best to sound sick, although it wasn't too hard since my voice was still scratchy from getting punted in the throat. "I'm still quarantined."

"This is the worst week of my life," Piper groaned. "First you miss couple's night, then you miss the big party. I didn't see you all weekend! And now you're staying home again. You're ruining my life!"

I couldn't help but laugh, "If it makes you feel any better, I'm not doing it on purpose." I let out a weak cough, just for good measure, but I hated lying to Piper.

"I don't ever remember you being this sick before, Stella," she pointed out. And I cringed and waited for it. "In fact, I don't ever remember you being sick, ever! You're like some freak of healthy nature. You don't even get colds."

"Yes, I do!" I defended myself, even though she was right. "And maybe I'm so sick because I've never been sick before. It's all caught up with me or something. I feel like I almost died."

Not a lie.

A strong arm reached up and pulled me into him. I had a serious feeling of deja vu with a boy in my bed and Piper on the phone, but I ignored it. This boy was allowed to be here.

And he hadn't touched me all night.

He had been annoyingly chivalrous. He slept on top of the covers, and I slept underneath. He held my hand for a while, but otherwise I remained untouched. He was partly afraid of hurting me again.

And I had a feeling he was trying to respect my parents, even though he had snuck into my room through my window and they didn't know he was here.... Still, I admired his integrity.

Kind of.

Ok, not really. I mostly found it obnoxious. But at least, I wasn't suffering from conflicting feelings at the moment.

Ahem.

"Whatever," Piper continued her complaining. "I'm stopping by later. I'll bring you soup or something."

"Bring me my homework too, please," I asked sweetly. Seth tucked me in closer to him and mumbled something into my neck.

"You're such a nerd," she giggled. "Feel better soon. And I mean that. Tristan has been a little biotch without you here to balance out his testosterone with your magic female ways. Hurry back to me!"

"Play nice, Pi," I giggled. "I'll see you tonight."

"Bye, babe."

I tapped to end the call and then tossed my phone on my nightstand. I snuggled back into Seth and lay like that for a few minutes. He was so perfectly comfortable and I had wanted to do this all night.

This was probably becoming a bad habit between us, but that was fine with me.

"Mmm, Stella, I'm going to miss this," he whispered with hot breath against my back.

Apparently, Seth thought this was becoming a bad habit too.

"But it's so nice," I pouted, not wanting him to give this up.

"You like this?" he sounded surprised and sleepy- it was my new favorite sound.

"I do like this," I confirmed. "I like you, Seth."

"I know you like me," he turned me so that I was laying on my back looking up at him. He had one arm under my neck and one holding my waist across my stomach. He was looking down at me with full lips and slightly puffy eyes and I felt myself fall just a little bit more in love with him. And then he said, "I want you to more than like me."

"I want to, too," I heard myself say.

His beautiful mouth broke out into an adorable grin and he nuzzled his nose along my jawline. "Don't give up on me, Stella. You need to know that my feelings for you are running my life right now. I know you need time to come to terms with your feelings for me, but I did that the moment I met you. You're everything to me."

His voice was rumbling and deep, rough gravel. I knew what he was saying was true because I saw it in his eyes, felt it in his touch, and heard it in the delicious sound of his voice. He was confessing all this to me and it felt like there was a purpose to it, but I couldn't figure out what it was exactly.

"I won't give up on you, Seth," I promised. I reached up and held his jaw, loving the scruffy feeling of his morning growth in my hands. I let my nails scratch over the short hairs, worshipping the spiky feel on the pads of my fingers.

"Promise me, Stella," he demanded firmly.

"I promise." My voice was only a whisper because it was weighed down with true emotion. There was something so intense in his eyes, something so infinite. He was asking me something simple, but it felt endlessly more complex. And there was this puzzle he was setting out for me, but I couldn't piece it together. My thoughts were still foggy and slow this morning and the answer was just out of my reach.

"I also promise that I'm going to do this again, soon. And properly." He smiled down at me but I couldn't figure out what he was talking about. I scrunched my eyebrows at him and frowned, but he just shook his head at me. "You're so beautiful, Stella. And if I do this right, we can do this," he waved a finger back and forth between us, "for the rest of our lives."

His words set my heart thudding loudly in my chest. My stomach erupted in heated tingles and I could barely comprehend his words. The one thing I did know though was that for the first time, when Seth talked about our entwined future, it didn't terrify me.

He leaned down and I sucked in a breath and held it, too afraid to move or do anything that would stop him from what he was about to do. My eyes fluttered closed instinctively, and I felt Seth's lips brush across mine. Once, twice, and then he pressed his mouth against mine and held me there in a lingering kiss. He kept the kiss sweet and innocent, making me melt under the drugging sensation of his consuming affection.

Seth had been my first kiss. And while this was technically only my second, it felt so much more like an epiphany. Like instead of a kiss, this was a brand. Instead of an innocent gesture, he was claiming me for himself.

My feelings for Seth were real. And if I'd let them breathe every once in a while instead of burying them deep in the earth where they were likely to suffocate and die, I could feel just how happy this man would make me.

He pulled back and I regretted the space between us immediately. His eyes were warm, thick honey and his skin had a beautiful glow to it. He kissed my cheek and then said again, "You're not going to give up on me."

"I'm not going to give up on you," I echoed, meaning it fully.

His expression darkened immediately and he pushed up into sitting. He stared at me for what seemed like an eternity of something secret, something I wasn't allowed to feel yet and then he said, "I hate to leave you."

"Then don't," I shrugged. "Play hooky with me and we'll watch movies all day. My parents won't care. And we already know how Jupiter feels about school."

"Rain check?" he asked instead of agreeing to my awesome plan.

"Fine," I groaned. "But I'm way better than high school."

He chuckled and nodded his head, "That is very true."

"So you'll stay?" I asked hopefully.

"You know it kills me to leave you when you're so anxious to spend time with me," his smile turned sad. "But I have to go this time."

"Fine," I sighed. "Go, leave, betray me."

"It's nice to have your permission," he teased, but there was something dark in his tone that caught my attention. "I'll see you soon, alright?"

"Alright," I agreed.

"Bye, Stella," he whispered when he was standing near the window.

"Bye, Seth," I matched his desolate tone and waved at him.

I watched him leave and close my window behind him. I stared at the window for a long time after he was gone. I wasn't really sore anymore; my body had done a great job of healing itself, but I couldn't bring myself to get up and walk to the window or even leave the bed. A heavy depression had settled over me and I felt inexplicably sad that Seth had left. I wanted to blame it on my intensifying feelings for him, but it was something more than that- something I couldn't even explain yet.

I allowed fatigue to settle over me again, and because I didn't have anything else to do, I went back to sleep.

I had weird dreams. Well, I'd been having annoying nightmares ever since the attack, but this time, in my place, the nightmare centered on Seth. He took my place, and I stood in a weird limbo watching it happen in front of me, unable to intervene or stop him from getting hurt.

I saw him near the equipment shed in deep conversation with his sister. But he didn't look right. His skin was ghostly white, and his eyes were black and blue with fatigue. He was gaunt and sickly, a shadow of himself. I watched as Seven whispered lie after lie into his bleeding ears. And even though I couldn't make out what she was telling him, I knew it was bad; I knew it would change him forever.

Then Aliah showed up, and didn't just bring two henchmen with him, but thousands and thousands of Fallen. They surrounded him until I couldn't see him anymore, until all I could do was listen for the strangled call of my name- pleading for help. But it never came. He was swallowed up by all that evil, into the depths of Hell and he seemed to go.... willingly.

And then we were back in that desert. Only instead of me propped up into sitting, waiting for the blow of the sword, it was Seth. And while he looked as calm and laid-back as ever, I was scrambling to find a weapon to protect him. But when I'd finally located a suitable blade it was too heavy for me to pick up. I tried dragging it over so I could stop Saul from swinging his sword, but I couldn't make it budge. Finally, I gave up and attacked Saul with my bare hands. I clawed and scratched at his face; I bit his shoulder like a savage cannibal and I ripped his skin and muscles from his bones. Finally Saul fell to his knees, and then to his face as he bled out all over the dry, cracked desert floor. I kicked him, so that he rolled over, suddenly feeling like something was very wrong.

Instead of Saul's intimidating features, it was Seth's hollow eyes that looked back at me, dead, lifeless, vacant.

I woke up screaming in bed, ripping the blankets off me, desperate to get the blood off my hands.

My parents came running into the room, panicked and slightly afraid of my hysteria.

I eventually calmed down and focused on my breathing evenly, but it was too late.

The realization settled over me as the panic ebbed away. I was too late. The knowledge was so concrete and right inside me that my soul felt sick with awareness. He was my other half, my Counterpart. I could feel his emotions when we were together, I could find him anywhere on Earth if I needed to. If he wanted me to. But he didn't.

Our connection was severed- completely.

Seth was gone.

And not just for the day.

Seth had left me for Seven.

For Aliah.

----

"I've looked everywhere for him," I walked back in the kitchen door and slunk down into a chair around the table. "He's gone. I feel that he's gone."

Serena and Nate were still out canvasing the sky for him while Jupiter sat at the table with his face buried in his hands. My revelation that Seth had disappeared was first met with disbelief and denial. But at my prompting, we all split up to find him.

And, no surprise to me, he was nowhere to be found.

A note had been left for Jupiter on their refrigerator but all it said was, "Trust me."

Jupiter apparently did not trust Seth because he pretty much lost his mind after the first few hours when Seth couldn't be found. The school had called and asked where Seth was, and Jupiter had given them the sick excuse.

This would get messy now that Seth was enrolled in school.

If Seth was truly gone, we would have to go through the steps of filing a police report for a missing kid, or make up some story about why he would just suddenly disappear.

And that was on top of trying to process the idea that Seth would leave us- leave me. I couldn't comprehend why or what he thought he could accomplish.

If Seth was hunting Aliah himself, they would kill him. As strong as Seth was, he was no match for all of Aliah's men.

And if he wasn't trying to kill Aliah.... then what was he doing? Joining them?

That thought was inconceivable to me. It was an entire idea I could not wrap my head around.

But it was the only idea that made sense. It explained why he just disappeared. And it explained how our emotional connection died.

"But why?" my mom asked in a gravelly voice. She had not taken his disappearance well either. We knew it meant one thing- that he was Fallen now.

Our side didn't do the whole spy thing, but only because it wasn't possible. There was no way to pretend you were evil without losing your Light, and that was the whole reason we existed. Once Seth crossed over, he wouldn't be able to come back.

And he knew that.

"What is he thinking?" my dad asked Jupiter. He too sounded ragged from loss.

"I can't be certain." Jupiter sat up a little straighter and met my father's eyes. "But I imagine he thinks he is doing something noble."

I sat back in my chair, feeling like he had just laid an immense weight on my shoulders- that was too impossible for me to carry.

Seth was doing this for me?

Did he think he could protect me this way? Honestly?

He could do a better job of that if he was with me. How could he possibly watch out for me if he becomes as twisted and sick as the rest of the Fallen? In no time at all, he would want me dead as much as Aliah and Seven. As soon as he handed over his will to Aliah, he would be bent to their desires, and they would always, always want me dead.

It didn't make sense.

And what was worse, was that this felt like betrayal to me.

Just hours ago he had kissed me so sweetly and promised to take care of me. He'd asked me not to give up on him! But now I realized what an impossible request that was. How could I hold out hope when he abandoned me? And what kind of hope was I supposed to have, anyway?

That he only stoop to a semi-evil Fallen status? That his mind only become half-polluted? That he only carry out the occasional terrible demands?

This was the worst thing he could have done! He had to know that!

And it was incredibly stupid.

The door opened and Nate and Serena walked in. Serena's hair naturally flamed bright orange. Her head looked like she was on fire, it was so bright and shining. And golden skin radiated Light constantly because she was always fighting, or flying. She wasn't meant for Earth and had never learned how to be human. Only here temporarily, she was the epitome of the constant reminder of the Warrior's life I would never lead- the one off planet and where most of my compatriots were.

Nate was the quintessential Warrior. While Stars were as different as night and day, with our array of hair and eye colors, our height differences and body shape variables, Warriors seemed to fit into the same mold with varying degrees of gorgeous. Their skin color was always a rich, golden tan, their hair the same naturally highlighted deep brown and bodies muscled to the max and well fit for fighting. The eye color and facial features changed from Warrior to Warrior, but all of them looked like they could be brothers, my dad and Nate included.

"We've seen him," Nate announced. He walked over to the sink and immediately filled a glass of water for Serena and him.

"He's with them," Serena explained, taking the glass and draining it. Clearly they had flown directly here and landed just outside the house. They were out of breath and a bit windblown. And they were covered head to toe in leather- leather pants, leather jackets, and thick leather boots. I hadn't climbed on the bad-ass bandwagon yet, preferring to fight and fly in my yoga pants and t-shirts. But they rocked this look with their otherworldliness. "We found them in London. Seth was with Aliah, Seven and a few more Fallen that we recognized."

"What were they doing in London?" I demanded. The words fell from my lips before I could stop them, even though it felt like hearing the answer would kill me.

Serena shared a look with Nate and then turned her bright blue eyes back to me, "It looked like they were celebrating."

"Celebrating?" I choked.

"Stella," Nate started in his authoritative, rumbling voice and I knew he was about to confirm our deepest fears. "Seth is Fallen. Serena, we.... it was confirmed. He is Fallen."

The words echoed around my head like marbles in empty space. They just kept rolling and rolling, bouncing off my skull, but never settling. I didn't- couldn't- wouldn't understand this.

"It's not possible," I insisted.

The room was silent in answer. There was no response to my complaint, because everyone else had accepted what I wanted to believe was a lie. He wouldn't have done that to me.

He wouldn't.

A knock on the back door drew all of our attention. In unison we looked up and stared at it, like it was its own life form. Slowly my dad stood up and walked over through the mudroom to find out who it was.

When he returned into the main part of the kitchen, relief sagged his shoulders and he half turned to me, "Stella, it's your friends."

Piper. In all the craziness, I forgot she promised to come over.

"Oh, right." I stood up, feeling like I had to push against the weight of the world to get to my feet. "I'll go outside with them."

I reached the door, feeling a building excitement to get out of this house and away from these people. I needed to be around my friends- the ones that wouldn't abandon me, the ones that had nothing to do with the ugly side of my life.

"Stella," my dad called out to me. "Whatever his thinking, or reason for doing what he did, he cares about you, Sweetheart. I believe he did what he did out of concern for you, not because he truly defected."

My shoulders dropped and I felt the treachery of tears prick my eyes. "But it doesn't matter, does it? He still did it. He's still Fallen. No matter why he did it, or for whom he did it. The outcome is the same."

Nobody had anything to say to that, so I opened the door and walked outside. Away from the ringing disappointment that Seth had just ceased to be a part of my life.

Forever.

Chapter Eight

"Hey," Piper smiled at me. "You really do look like hell. I'm sorry I ever doubted your close call with death."

I tried to smile back but it fell flat. I was a mess, teetering on the edge of losing it completely and holding it together for just five more minutes. A tear snuck out the corner of my eye and trailed slowly down my cheek. I didn't even have the energy to wipe it away.

"Stella, are you alright?" Tristan stepped forward and held my arms in his strong grasp. "Do you really feel this terrible?"

I shook my head and slipped off the precarious edge I was barely holding onto. Tears tracked down my face now, in streams of messy ugliness. "Seth is gone," I whispered.

My friends heard me and immediately converged on me. Tristan pulled me into a hug, even though I knew it kind of killed him to console me over Seth. And Piper wrapped both of her arms around one of mine and laid her head on my shoulder.

"What do you mean, he's gone?" she asked in a gentle voice, but hearing the words repeated back to me felt like razor blades against my heart, no matter how softly they were spoken.

"He left," I sobbed. "He left me."

"Where did he go?" Piper pressed, sounding a little hysterical with her confusion.

Tristan held me closer, absorbing my racking pain into his own body. His hand tangled through my hair and then stroked the length of it. I buried my face deeper in his chest and let him hold me. There was no reason to feel guilty anymore. No more voice in my head told me to pull back from Tristan because Seth could catch us like this. What was the point? Seth was gone. I was free to do whatever I wanted.

My heart split open at that thought and I cried harder. I didn't want to give up on Seth. But now I felt more confused than ever.

"Stella, where did Seth go?" Piper repeated firmly. "Did he run away?"

Did he run away? Yes. Could I tell Piper that? No.

"He left to go live with his family."

Well, that was true.

"I thought he lived with his grandpa?"

"Some of his other family," I emphasized.

"And he's not coming back?" she asked a bit desperately.

"Never," I whispered.

And then I cried harder.

They continued to hold me until I grappled some control over my emotions. I finally pulled back and used my t-shirt to wipe off my face. I hadn't bothered with makeup today, so I didn't need to worry about that, but I felt how puffy and swollen my eyes were and how inflated my lips were.

"I'm a mess," I whispered.

"You're beautiful," Tristan argued. He put a finger under my chin and tilted my head up so that I had to look at him. "It's going to be alright."

"No it's not," I shook my head, my blonde hair falling around my shoulders.

"It is," he promised. I stared into his green eyes, the color of emeralds. They were steady, solid and familiar. I sucked in a breath and.... and started to believe him. "Are you up for a walk?"

I nodded and we took off.

We used to do this all the time as kids. Piper, Tristan and I had spent days exploring the acres of land my parents' house sat on. We jumped hay bales during harvest, we got lost in the rows of corn during the summer, and during the spring we would splash in the huge puddles the tractor tires made until we were covered head to toe in mud.

We'd given up those games sometime around the start of puberty, but every once in a while we enjoyed walking the land together. There was something so organic and wholesome about conversation on a walk. We talked about everything, anything.... nothing. And it all felt right.

And sometimes, like today, it felt like therapy.

The sky was filled with dark storm clouds, heavy with rain yet unshed. The air was cool and smelled like the brewing storm that it was. There was a greenness to the horizon that could mean tornado warning, depending on the storm system. The weather fit my mood perfectly.

We walked for a while without talking, until long after the house was out of sight. Piper had a million questions, I could see them simmering behind her hazel eyes. Her bangs were even longer than usual and swept thick and heavy over her eyes, but beyond her veil of hair I could tell how much she wanted to drill me on this.

Eventually we found a crop of trees that were mostly cleared in the center. There were two young trees that had fallen over and not been removed yet. They tangled in each other with their dead branches and elongated upraised roots.

I sat down on the bent over trunk and ignored the dampness of the bark under my thin leggings. Piper crawled up next to me and linked her arm with mine before laying her head back on my shoulder. Tristan leaned a hip next to me and looked off into the distance as if the answers to my heartbreak were somewhere out there.

And I supposed, in a way, they were.

"Tell us what happened, Stel," Piper commanded.

I took a few steadying breaths and then I admitted, "I don't really know. I mean, I now my.... sickness scared him, a lot, but I just talked to him this morning and everything seemed fine. He had.... come over to check on me, and he was really sweet. But then when he left me, he like really left me. He just went to his family, completely turning his back on me and Jupiter and my family. He didn't even say goodbye- not really, anyway."

"He didn't even tell his grandpa he was leaving?" Piper asked in disbelief.

"Nope, he just left. We found out later."

"How did you find out? Did he call you? Leave a note or anything?"

"Mutual friends just happened to see him, with his family." I shrugged. This was mostly the truth, although there was no way she could pick up the gravity of my words, or their ugly meaning.

"So they live close by?"

"Not at all. He flew there."

"He bought a plane ticket and just took off?" Piper gasped.

I shrugged and then echoed, "He just took off."

"What's his grandpa going to do?" Her voice was sadder now, as if she was finally accepting that he was gone.

"Nothing," I admitted. "What can he do? Seth's with his family. He's obviously where he wants to be. There's not a whole lot his grandpa or any of us can do."

"I'm so sorry, Stella," she whispered. She pressed a kiss to my shoulder and then laid her head back down. "What a bastard to just leave you like that, though."

"Well, we weren't exactly a couple or anything." The words burned in my throat and ripped and clawed at my heart. We weren't- but we should have been. Could I have prevented this all if I'd just given into the inevitable? Was my stubborn independence what drove him away?

But we had been growing closer recently. Lately thoughts and feelings for Tristan had been fading into the background because of a dominating attraction to Seth. There were moments when I knew what was growing between us would last forever, would surpass everything else.

And then Seth left me.

What was I supposed to think now?

Was there any hope for a relationship with him of any kind?

No. The oppressing realization hit me hard and fast. There wasn't any hope. He was gone.

His words this morning whispered through my mind again and I couldn't help but feel confused. Don't give up on me. We can do this for the rest of our lives. We will get to do this forever.

It didn't make sense. Why tell me those things? Make those promises to me.... and then leave me?

"But he obviously had feelings for you," Piper insisted. "Is he going to call?"

I let out a bitter laugh before I could stop myself. "God, I hope not."

Her head shot up and she gave me a concerned glance. "You don't mean that."

"Trust me; it wouldn't be good for either of us if he called me now."

"Who was the family he went to live with?" Tristan asked as the pieces started to come together for him.

"His sister and uncle," I said meaningfully.

Tristan let out a foul curse under his breath and Piper's eyebrows snapped together. "What am I missing here?"

"Nothing," I mumbled.

"Don't do that." Piper slid off the tree trunk and whirled around to face me. She was all righteous indignation and bubbling fury. "Don't go into secret Tristan and Stella world. Stop hiding things from me! I want to know!"

My expression sobered and I swallowed back the entire truth. I had wanted to tell Piper for as long as I could remember. But I always held back. Tristan knew, because there wasn't a choice in my life in which he did not know exactly who I was. But it was easier to lie to Piper, even if I hated it. It was easier to gloss over this part of my life because she filled in every other space. She was my carefree humanity, my reckless immaturity. She was simply my friend, not a mile stone in my life or a choice to be made.

But she did deserve the truth. Or at least part of it. "His family is bad news, Pi."

"What do you mean? Like they're... what, like criminals?"

"Yes, and worse."

"What's worse than a criminal?" Her eyebrows were hidden behind her thick bangs, but I knew they were raised. Her eyes were huge, and her face flushed with the frustration to understand.

"Them," I answered cryptically. "They're just.... they're the worst kind of people. That's why he's always lived with Jupiter. His other family doesn't have his best interest in mind. In fact, before they've always tried to hurt him."

"Like physically abuse him?" She was stunned and I didn't blame her. Even out of context and watered down this sounded bad.

"Yes, and emotionally and mentally."

"Does he think this time will be different or something?" I knew she was grasping at anything to make this situation better, but it was a futile effort on her part. There was no way to make this better, there was no way to bring Seth back.

"Maybe." I looked down at the ground, unable to meet her eyes. "But it won't be."

She fell silent then, and I was glad. I didn't want to answer any more of her questions. I didn't want to dissect Seth's decision any longer.

"I know you're worried about him, Stella," Tristan's voice cut through the tense silence. I looked up and met his gaze. "But, you'll be alright. And that's what's most important- that he didn't hurt you before he left. If he was this.... unstable, it's a good thing he left when he did."

I knew what Tristan saw and how he wanted to view Seth in this new light, but I knew better. Seth wasn't a ticking time bomb. He hadn't been in danger of following the darker side of his soul, not once until this morning.

He was goodness and Light and all things admirable.

This move was calculated- I knew that. But why? What could he accomplish by entering enemy camp? And why was it more important than staying with me.

On top of feeling heartbroken and betrayed, I also felt vulnerable and exposed. Not three days ago, he saved me from getting my head chopped off.

I would have died without him.

I still might die without him.

If he didn't want me to give up on him, then exactly what did he expect me to do?

"Stella, I have to go," Piper said. She looked down at her watch and then back up at me. "I have to be home for dinner." She walked over and pulled me into a tight hug. "I'm glad you're feeling better. Well, not better... but not sick anymore."

"Thanks, Pi," I said sincerely.

"Call me later." She released me and started walking back to the house. "Oh, and I left your books and homework on the porch."

I groaned. "Ok, thanks."

She walked off and Tristan and I were left alone. We hadn't been alone since he got in that fight with Seth last week. And we'd barely talked, not even on the phone. Things had been... tense between us. But I didn't know how they would be now with Seth out of the picture.

After Piper disappeared I looked over at him and caught his gaze immediately. He was staring at me with concern etched all over his beautiful face. He ran a hand over his closely shaved head and then let out a long breath.

And then he was there- in between my legs with his arms wrapped around my waist.

I fell into him, clutching him like the lifeline that he was. I was beyond tears by now, but his closeness did so much to soothe my aching, gutted soul. He was what I needed right now. He would be the strength that got me through this.

"I've missed you," he whispered against my hair. "I've hated keeping my distance."

"Is that what you were doing?" I half laughed, half sighed into his chest.

"Trying to," he admitted. "I've never pressured anyone to go out with me before, Stella. And I really haven't hated someone as much as I hate Seth. You might find this hard to believe, but for the most part, people like me." He was teasing in that dry way of his and I smiled because it was true. Most people did like him.

"I believe you," I laughed lightly.

He sobered some and said, "And while I believe you're worth the fight, I have to be honest, that wasn't me. I can admit that Seth didn't deserve that. And you especially deserved to be treated better. Then I felt like such a jackass. And I didn't how to apologize to him or you. So I just stayed away. I thought I'd give him a fair shot. I thought... you know, let the best man win and all."

My lungs stopped working in my chest, and confusion settled thick and cloying over me once again. I lifted my head and met that green gaze, wondering how to process his confession.

"Tristan, I can't-"

"No, I know, Stella," he cut me off with the pads of his fingertips on my lips. "And I'm not asking you to. I just wanted you to know where I was. I don't expect anything today or tomorrow, or even, well, I'm just saying take your time. I waited all my life for you. I can wait a little bit longer. There's no pressure. But I am here for you. Whenever you're ready. Whenever..... whenever or whatever you want."

His last words were said on a throaty whisper that made my stomach flip-flop.

"Thank you," I smiled up at him.

"I'm just glad we both realize what a prick he is." He grinned boyishly down at me and I knew he was just trying to lighten the mood, but his words felt right.

My grief had turned to anger and I was ready to punish him- him as in Seth.

"You weren't really sick though, were you?" Tristan asked carefully, almost like he was already angry.

"I was not sick," I confirmed. I was silent for a moment more, enjoying his arms around me, his body heat, his smell as it mingled with the stormy air and damp wood around us. "I was attacked."

"At school?" His eyes narrowed and his throat jumped while it worked to swallow. Oh, yes, he was angry- more than angry.

"It started at school, but it ended somewhere in New Mexico, I guess. I don't really remember much of the end. Well, except for the almost dying part. But I didn't. I'm fine. See? I'm fine." I waved my arms around when I felt all of his muscled frame go tight with furious tension.

"I see that you're fine now," he clarified. "But for you to miss school... it must have been pretty bad, yeah, Stel?"

"It was pretty bad."

"Seth saved you?"

"Seth saved me."

"And now that he's gone? What are you going to do now?"

His questions surprised me. I knew Tristan understood this part of my life better than I could ever hope, but I didn't expect him to give Seth so much credit.

"I get better," I declared and in that moment I knew it was true. I had to get better, I had to be better. I couldn't let something like this happen to me again and I absolutely couldn't be caught off guard like that ever again. I would need weapons with me all the time. And I would have to start taking training seriously.

If Jupiter would still even want to train me. There was a definite possibility with the loss of his protege he would pack in his whole mission and find a different planet to inhabit.

"I believe in you, Stel," Tristan said seriously. It could have sounded cheesy, but it didn't. It didn't because I needed to hear those words. Up until this moment I didn't have to believe in myself, mostly because I had Seth to believe in. But now it was up to me and only me.

I needed all the support I could get.

"Thank you," I leaned forward and hugged him again.

"We should get back before it rains," Tristan sighed. He helped me down from the log I was perched on, taking my hand and leading me back through the forest.

And I knew he was right. It was time to go back and get on with life.

Seth had only been a part of my life for a few months, but it seemed almost impossible to go on without him. It felt.... wrong. But somehow I'd have to manage. Somehow I would have to force myself to move forward.

I wondered if I would ever see him again- if we'd ever come face to face gain. He was Darkness now and I was Light. So I would have to. I would face Aliah. I would face Seven. And I supposed that meant I would face Seth. Only the next time I saw him, instead of fighting alongside him, I would be fighting against him.

Which sucked.

Because on top of everything else, Seth was good at what he did- killing.

I just had to hope I wasn't his next victim.

Chapter Nine

I was so behind with homework. And coach was pissed at me for just disappearing last Thursday- beyond pissed. She was subbing today for Mr. Wilks and had trapped me at the beginning of Physics to give me a ten minute lecture on never walking out on practice again. I tried to explain how deathly ill I was, but she wasn't having it.

And then she'd marked me tardy, even though she was the one talking to me- in her classroom!

Today was not starting off well.

Now in third hour English, our teacher, Mrs. Shannon, was late, which probably meant she was printing off a pop quiz. Great.

"Still have the plague, Stella?" Rigley asked as he slid into his desk a few up from mine.

"Mostly no," I smiled at him.

"Is it contagious?" he turned around in his desk and smirked at me.

"Why? Are you worried about catching it?" Tristan asked sounding amused. Rigley, for all his stunts and shenanigans, was a notorious germaphobe. And he was terrified of getting sick.

Rigley turned his attention on Tristan and his smirk grew, "Well with all the sharing of bodily fluids last night, I have been a little concerned I might come down with something."

Tristan opened his mouth to shut Rigley up but I cut him off, "I am also worried I'll be coming down with something, but not of the flu variety."

The boys in the class erupted in "Oh's!" and "Booms!"

"I can't believe you just said that," Tristan laughed at me.

"Me either," Mrs. Shannon intoned dryly from the front of the classroom. A boy was standing next to her, smirking at me like he knew a secret or like my joke was highly amusing to him.

My eyes skimmed over him and I felt him watching me in return. It was unsettling.

But I couldn't decide if it was so much his expression or his overall appearance that disturbed me. He was tall, and thin- almost too thin, but somehow muscled at the same time. He stomach was so flat that his jeans sat low on his waist, even with the help of his studded belt. He wore a simple, thin, worn-out white t-shirt that seemed indecent on him, somehow. His face was striking, but not classically handsome; he was all sharp lines and rough angles. His dark, almost black hair was much longer on top and cut close on the sides, but styled so it looked not styled. He was all kinds of contradiction, finished off with black boots that were untied and sloppy at the end of his dark, washed jeans.

He wore expensive clothes, except for the t-shirt, but looked disheveled at the same time. He was too skinny to seem tough, but he was definitely dangerous. He wasn't classically handsome, but I could already see the girls around me basically swooning at his feet. So much contradiction for just one guy.

He didn't or wouldn't fit in here. Except maybe with Piper. And that thought gave me chills. I didn't want him anywhere near Piper.

I didn't know why I felt that way, but I couldn't help it.

"Sorry, Mrs. Shannon," I finally found my voice and apologized.

"Ms. Day, just remember, people perceive you by the way you present yourself. Do you want people to think you spent last night swapping bodily fluids with Mr. Merritt?"

"Uh, no, thank you," I squeaked and then sunk down in my chair, hoping desperately to become invisible.

"Then stop announcing it to the class," she lectured.

Oh, lord.

"Class," she called everyone's attention to the front- and off me, thankfully. "We have a new student today. Ironically, we lost one yesterday. If you haven't heard Seth Smith transferred and won't be attending here any longer. In his wake, we've received Jude Michaels." She turned to smile affectionately at Jude, but his attention was still on.... me.

I avoided his dark gaze and let my attention fall to my desk. I wrote my name needlessly on a piece of notebook paper- doing anything to avoid his stare. I didn't know why it bothered me so much, but I couldn't stop my instincts from taking over.

"Jude, have a seat please," Mrs. Shannon asked him nicely. "Class, I expect you to give Jude a gracious welcome."

And then she went on with her lecture. I assumed Jude got settled in his seat alright, but I didn't look at him. Not once. I paid perfect attention and answered when called on. Part of it was so I could ignore the new kid. The other part.... to prove to Mrs. Shannon that I was still the upstanding student she thought I was.

At the end of class I collected my books and bag and left immediately while other students lingered so they could introduce themselves to Jude. Mead was so incredibly small that every new student carried celebrity appeal, a phenomenon that the student body loved to dissect and observe.

And once the novelty wore off, the new student would be divided up into whatever clique or social group they belonged in, and we would all move on with our lives.

"Not interested in meeting the new kid?" Tristan asked from my side as we made our way to our next class.

"Not particularly," I shrugged.

"Any reason why?" he pressed with eyebrows raised.

It wasn't like me to be unfriendly.

"No, I'm just.... I just feel out of it today," I tried to smile at him, but it was the truth. I did feel out of it. And today was weird without Seth. It wasn't like he'd gone to school with me very long, but while he was here I always knew he would be waiting for me in between classes and that he would break the boy-girl barrier at lunch. He was the only boy that sat on the girl side of the table and I loved that. And then I knew he would be waiting for me at home after practice too, so we could train.

He was just this huge part of my life and suddenly he was gone.

It left me feeling disoriented, heart broken, and a million other things I couldn't name or hold onto long enough to identify. They flashed through me like strobe lights- blinding, a little bit nauseating and bright with white hot intensity.

"Understandable," Tristan agreed. He offered me a sympathetic smile and we kept walking, thoughts of Seth and the new kid far away.

Fourth period was electives, so I was separated from most of my class while I met up with Piper and Bree in choir, where we sang our little hearts out, of course. And then we joined the boys for lunch.

I wasn't surprised to see Jude sitting amongst Tristan and his friends. They were naturally the guys that would make an effort to include anyone new, especially if that new person seemed at all athletic. They were constantly playing recruiters. And even though Jude looked a little fragile to me because of how skinny he was, I couldn't deny the well-defined arm muscles he was rocking.

It bothered me that he was sitting at our table though. And even more that he was sitting in Seth's seat.

I couldn't explain it, but he seriously tingled my suspicious Spidey-senses. I didn't like him and I didn't like that he kept staring at me.

What was his deal?

"Ladies," Rigley greeted with a half-grin. "Welcome."

"Choir get out late?" Tristan asked, meeting my eyes from across the table. His emerald gaze was gentle and concerned, and I was so thankful for that reassurance while I slid in next to Jude.

"Yes," I sighed. "We're getting ready for Districts and it turns out we suck."

Piper burst out into laughter. "We do suck. That is a true story."

"Aren't you always bad though?" Tristan grinned at us.

"Only for the past.... twenty years," I confirmed.

"You're in choir?"

I turned to face Jude, the source of the question. He sounded disbelieving, he sounded like he knew me.

Which he did not.

A chill snaked over my spine and I turned to face him. I lifted my gaze, and met the darkest gray eyes I had ever seen. They were a deep charcoal and their color so vividly gray that they seemed almost fuzzy, like a snowy TV screen. I expected them for some reason to be lifeless and vacant, but they were very much alive, glimmering with secret amusement and a dry cynicism I didn't understand.

"Yes, I'm in choir," I finally said. I realized I'd been staring at him for a while and suddenly felt awkward. I turned back to my turkey club sandwich.

"I'm Jude." He called my attention back to him and reached out a hand.

"I'm Stella," I answered without taking it. I didn't want to shake his hand. I hated that he was sitting by me and that he had taken Seth's seat. And maybe that wasn't all his fault, but his timing was really bad.

"I know," he grinned at me and his eyes twinkled. He pushed his hand further in front of him and waited patiently for me to take it.

I looked down at it and then back up at him. Ignoring his hand again, I leaned back and gestured behind me. "This is Piper and on the other side of her is Bree."

"Hi, Piper." He reached around me and shook her hand. "Hi, Bree." He leaned forward some more so that we were almost touching, but not totally invading my personal space, and shook Bree's hand. Then he sat back and held his hand out to me again.

What was with this guy and shaking people's hand? Did he have a tic?

I stared down at the hand wiggling in front of me and seriously considered biting it. I knew I was being rude, but I was honestly blown away by his insistence on shaking my hand when I clearly did not want to touch him.

"For god's sake, Stella, shake the man's hand!" Piper exclaimed.

And then I felt silly. Something was wrong with me. I was making way too big of a deal out of this. And I realized everyone's eyes were on us, and how blown out of proportion I was making this.

I offered an apologetic smile which only seemed to amuse him more, and then grasped his hand. And in that moment I knew exactly why I had reservations about him.

He was Fallen.

In my hometown. In my school. Near my friends.

I felt my eyes go wide with shock. My grip tightened on his hand instinctively and I fought the urgent need to drag him out of here and run a sword through his neck, and then wiggle it around a little bit, just to make sure his death was nice, slow and torturous. I couldn't believe I hadn't figured it out before now. I couldn't believe he was walking around school all morning, and I was playing off my instinct as a "weird vibe."

"It's nice to finally meet you, Stella," Jude smiled at me, ignoring his hand that was currently being squashed by mine. "And all your.... friends."

I gave a pained smile back and then released his hand as if it burned me. "What brings you to Mead? Are your parents farmers?"

He chuckled but shook his head, "I'm staying with an uncle. I got into a bit of trouble at my last school. My parents sent me down here to sort me out."

It was subtle accents on different words like "uncle" or "down here" that forced me to roll my eyes.

"So you're a troublemaker?" Bree asked in what I was sure she thought was a coy voice from down the table.

Jude's eyes flicked past me and he grinned at her, "Definitely a troublemaker."

"And your uncle thinks Mead will fix you?" I asked dryly.

"My uncle's not interested in fixing me, Stella. Just.... containing me for a while." His smile was unapologetic and his tone was knowing, as if he had this great big secret.

Well, since he was Fallen, enrolled in high school, I imagined that he did.

"Until you graduate?" I asked innocently.

"Until you graduate," he confirmed on a whisper as he leaned in.

"Well, welcome to Mead," Tristan interrupted awkwardly. I was sure he picked up on the strangeness of this guy and was not at all thrilled Jude seemed so familiar with me.

Tristan and I had that in common.

The rest of lunch went by without incident, except that I had somehow managed to share a meal with a Fallen. I picked at my food while my friends chatted up Jude and welcomed him into our circle of trust. It wasn't like everyone here was super goody-goody. Tristan and Rigley regularly got into trouble and I had just been basically called a slut by my English teacher- although it was not true. But Jude added a whole new level of danger to the table, one that my friends were fascinated with instead of afraid of.

I was going to have to kill this guy.

The sooner the better.

I excused myself a few minutes before the bell rang and ran to my locker for a weapon. This morning I pulled out a fitted black trench coat to wear to school today in order to keep my katanas close by. It was a little more Goth than I was used to, but I didn't really have a choice if I wanted to smuggle in swords without having the school administrator call the FBI.

I opened my locker door and had it abruptly slammed back into place, nearly catching my fingers in the motion.

Jude.

I hadn't heard him come up behind me- unacceptable.

I turned with my back pressed into the locker and faced my enemy. "What are you doing here?" I demanded on a growl.

He smiled at me and put an arm over my head. If anyone walked by, it would look like he was hitting on me, but lunch was still in progress and we were alone in the hallway.

"Isn't it obvious?" he smirked.

"Are you here to kill me?" I laughed lightly. "Because you won't be the first one to try. I just need to know if I'm going to be late for next period."

His eyes narrowed on me and he leaned in. He smelled like cigarettes and mint. "You think you're funny don't you."

"Obviously."

His gaze traveled down the length of me, lingering on all my curves and exclusively female features before he lifted his eyes to mine again. "I think I'm starting to get it."

"Get what?" I asked before I could stop myself.

"I'm not here to kill you, Stella," he confessed on a sigh. I expected him to back up, but he stayed hovering over me, way too closely. "I'm here to do the opposite."

"And what is that?"

"I'm here to protect you- to make sure nothing happens to you." His grin turned wicked and the sparkle in his eyes turned devious.

"What does that mean?" I demanded, a bit exasperated.

From start to finish so far, this did not make sense.

"So your boyfriend defected yesterday, if I understand this correctly," Jude intoned dryly. He stood up then and pulled a cigarette from a pack in his back pocket and slid it between his lips. With the tip of his finger and whatever was left of his fading Light, he lit it and then sucked in a long breath.

"I feel like I remember hearing about this. What does that have to do with me?"

"He signed a contract, Starling. Made a deal with the devil himself. Aliah gets his free will, bright white Light and eternal soul all in exchange for you. Seth stays with Aliah and your hot little body remains untouched until you're eighteen." He sucked in another long drag and blew it out over my head.

Which was both oddly considerate and brazenly rebellious all at the same time.

"I'm not understanding." I shook my hair out. My head was starting to hurt with all the implications of his speech.

"Your boy Seth gave himself up to Aliah in order to make sure we left you alone until you turn eighteen. But I have to warn you, Sweet, your birthday equals game on."

"And you're part of the bargain?"

"Contract," he clarified. "I am." He inhaled his shortening cigarette and stared at me intently.

"Explain that part to me."

"Protective detail. I'm here to ensure nothing happens to you."

"All you have to do is keep your Fallen friends away from me. I should be just fine." I pushed away from him and started walking down the hall. We were still alone while everyone was at lunch but I kept waiting for the teachers to converge on us in their version of a SWAT team, tackling us to the ground and shouting for us to hand over the cigarettes! My transcript would forever be blackened thanks to Jude and his literal inability to follow the rules.

Not that my transcript mattered in the big picture....

Jude let out a bark of laughter and then followed after me, bringing his disgusting habit with him. "Sorry. That's not how it works. I have to make sure nothing happens to you. As in nothing. I would hate for you to trip and skin your knee or stub your toe on something. I can't risk being held liable, you know?"

"No, I don't know."

He smirked at me.

"And what if I just kill you? End my headache now?"

"Then Aliah kills Seth."

"Aliah wouldn't-"

"He would. It's in the contract."

"And if something happens to me?"

"Depends on the something. If it's minor, I'm.... uh.... replaced. If it's fatal, Seth kills Aliah."

"That sound an awful lot like a third party soul contract."

"Did I not say that already?" Jude chuckled. "Your boy-o sold his soul, Starling. It's time to grasp the fine print."

I spun around on my heel, making Jude stop dead in his tracks. He faltered a little, but pulled himself together. Pulling the last drag from his cigarette he threw it on the floor and stomped it out under his heavy boot. Ash smeared across the buffed tile floor and when he was satisfied that it was out, he kicked it over to the side of the hallway.

"Seth wouldn't sell his soul." He wouldn't. Becoming Fallen was one thing. But selling your soul? Entirely different kind of problem. "He wouldn't."

"Are you trying to convince me? Or yourself? Because I know that he did. I was there. I signed the contract." When I raised my eyebrows, he quickly explained, "Third party. I'm the third party." He let out a shaky laugh. "I may be a little lost, but I'm not crazy enough to sign over my soul."

"Tell me what I don't know," I demanded.

He smirked at me. "Now why would I do that, little Star? Seems like it's in my benefit to keep you in the dark."

His words had strong innuendo and I did not like his line of thinking. Faster than I'd ever moved, I retrieved the four inch dagger from my thigh sheath and had it to Jude's throat before he could think another dirty thought.

"Because I'm suddenly of the impression that Seth is better off dead than soulless, so tell me now what I need to know or I'll cut out your heart and watch you bleed out for the fun of it."

"I'm thinking Seth isn't the only one without a soul." His joke cost him a nick, just under his Adam's apple. Blood trickled down the blade of my knife and onto the tips of my fingers. I let up just a little bit and he said, "But I think I like you like this. All feisty and mean. I'd expected a docile little thing. You're not cooperative at all."

"Jude, stop playing games," I demanded in a firm, no-nonsense voice.

"There's not much else. There are answers you probably should know, but you won't ask the right questions. And there are answers that won't matter one way or the other, but you most certainly will ask those questions. The long and short of it is eighteen. Your protection ends at eighteen and Seth's contract runs out. He's free and you become hunted."

"Seth is free when I turn eighteen?"

Hope. Small, miniscule, insignificant. But hope all the same.

"Seth is free when you turn eighteen."

"Why would Aliah allow that kind of clause?" I asked aloud, more to myself than anyone.

"Think about it," Jude shrugged and then pushed my hand away from his neck. I wiped the blade on my black leggings and slipped the dagger back under my denim bubble skirt. "Seth is going to be soulless for how long? Then what? What do you expect him to do?"

"He won't stay with Aliah once he gets his soul back," I promised him. "He won't."

"Ah," Jude winked knowingly. "But does one ever truly get his soul back? And think how many dark deeds will weigh on his conscience between now and then. Better to give him up now and just be grateful for the chance he's given you to live, than hold out hope for a man he will never become."

"You don't know him." I pointed out full of righteous anger.

"And now? Neither do you." He smirked at me one more time and then turned around and walked away just as the bell rang and the hall flooded with students.

I walked over and picked up his discarded cigarette and walked it over to the trash can. I hated everything about Jude. I hated his presence, his carelessness, his symbolism in my life. But most of all I hated that he somehow replaced Seth.

And Seth.

I couldn't even wrap my head around what he had done for me. He must have been desperate to save me. He must have realized how bad things were or had insight into how bad they were going to get.

He gave up his soul for me.

I ran to the bathroom before it was too late and threw a random stall door open so I could empty my lunch into the toilet. I'd never thrown up before, but I couldn't stop the overwhelming nausea from taking hold and burning a path of fear and self-loathing down my throat.

How could he?

The tears came next. I sunk to the floor and pulled my knees to my chest and cried as quietly as I could. I knew I would make a scene if anyone came in here, but I couldn't stop. My heart didn't just break for Seth, it exploded. And I didn't know why he did this, why he did this for me. We could have fought this together. We could have stayed together. He didn't have to leave me.

And now I was more lost than ever.

I just wanted him to come back to me.

I just wanted him to be with me.

Chapter Ten

"Higher," Jupiter ordered.

I lifted my elbows higher.

"Looser," he demanded.

I relaxed my wrists.

"Focus, damn it, Stella!"

"I'm sorry," I threw my katana to the side and yelled at him. "I'm sorry!" This time it was a little more hysterical and the tears I'd been fighting since a few days ago when I'd lost it in the bathroom at school were instantly back and hot against my eyes. "I'm sorry."

"Stop," Jupiter continued to boss me around. "Stop it. It's as much my fault as it is yours." His voice broke just a little with that admission. I continued to stare at my tennis shoes, knowing the moment I looked up at him I would crumble into a useless, weeping heap.

"Probably a better idea if we just blame him for all this, right?" Saying that made me feel a little bit better; I bent over and picked up the sword that just seconds ago I had hated more than anything.

"Now that is a good idea," Jupiter smiled at me. "Again?"

"Again?"

His sword was there to meet mine as my katana sliced through the air with deadly force. He pulled his arm back in a surprising move and my arm continued with my momentum setting me off balance. He swung up and over me as if he would come down from on top and get my neck that way, but I allowed the forward pull to carry me and pushed my body all the way around, spinning on one foot. Our swords connected again and we were back to clanging metal and fancy footwork.

After Jude's hallway revelations today, I left school with the pretense of a relapse of the plague and came home to fill my parents and Jupiter in. They were as shattered as I was.

But one good thing had come through all of this- I was motivated to train my ass off until I was the best, until there was nobody better than me.

And I wasn't going to sit idly by and wait for my eighteenth birthday, growing soft under the double-edged protection clause. Hell, no. I was going to fight. I was going to engage as often and as violently as I could until every Fallen across the universe cowered at the sound of my name.

They wouldn't be able to touch me while I collected their heads.

Ok, that was a little gruesome.

With my new manifesto tattooed on my soul, the one I intended to keep eternally, I fought with a strength and focus I had never known before. My wrists were fluid, loose extensions of arms that were strong and capable of killing. My feet were fast, my legs were steady, my core was taut with the right kind of tension and my eyes took everything in with lightning quickness.

I was becoming the Star I was born to be.

Jupiter met my blows with shocking agility. He was something like nine-hundred years old, but as spry as any Warrior my age. He was fast and skilled with his broadsword, which was why he was currently kicking my ass. His sword was freaking heavy! And every time he landed a blow on top, I would struggle to hold his weight up with my thinner, longer shaped katanas.

I flipped through the air, tucking my head and kicking my feet around gracefully. I landed on my feet but had already spun around to meet his thrust. Our swords clashed and slid apart. I moved quickly to the left and ducked as he swung wide and low. I lunged out and cut towards his legs which he avoided by jumping up and back. In the blink of an eye, he had somersaulted forward through the air again and rendered a blow so forceful that my blade actually shattered.

Without missing a beat, I spun on the inside of his arm, plucked the dagger from my thigh and held both the broken blade and my deadly little one to opposite sides of his throat.

"I have you here," Jupiter pointed out. He tapped me on the back of the neck.

I smirked confidently, "Ah, but you can't slice my head off without catching your own. But I am perfectly capable of taking your head with the help of my special friends here." I emphasized my point by scratching his neck on either side with the tips of my blades.

"Very well done, Starling," Jupiter smiled at me.

Slow clapping sounded behind us; I spun out to face our spectator. Although by the lazy pull and release of his hands, I had an idea of who it would be.

And just as I suspected, Jude stood, leaning against a tree, watching us with bored disinterest. He was wearing that half, amused grin that seemed to constantly fix his face and his jeans were slung even lower than earlier.

Seriously, get the boy a hamburger, his pants need help.

"That was.... impressive." But he said it in a way that made it seem like it was the exact opposite of impressive.

Jude pushed off the tree with his shoulder and walked slowly forward. There was a cigarette dangling from his lips and his hands were shoved in his pockets. He looked.... dangerous.

And I hated that.

I wanted him to look like nothing.

I just wanted him to disappear and stop reminding me of everything I lost.

"What are you doing here?" I sighed.

He grinned at me. Again. It was like he forgot he was Fallen. He seemed way too happy to be filled with malice and Satan. Possibly he was addicted to energy drinks.

"I came to check on you." He stopped just before us and quirked a brow at Jupiter. "You are not from this planet, old man."

"Why are you here, Jude?" I bit out, feeling frustrated and overprotective of Jupiter.

"I already told you." He hadn't taken his eyes off Jupiter yet, and it was getting awkward.

"Alright, then why did you come to check on me?"

"Stella, we've been over this how many times? I had to make sure nothing happened to you. That you weren't kidnapped on the way home from school today, or didn't break a nail in the aftermath of your chores, or decide to off yourself when the bleak reality of your situation set in. That was probably the one I was most concerned about." His eyes flickered over to me from Jupiter but then went right back to Jupiter's red eyes. "Let me guess.... Mars?"

"Not even close," Jupiter grunted.

"That's too bad," Jude smiled sadistically. It was the first time I had seen his true mask of evil. "Mars was one of my favorite planets."

Jupiter took an aggressive step forward and I caught him by the wrist. "He's promised not to hurt me. Don't let him antagonize you."

Jupiter seemed to take my advice immediately- well, until he opened his mouth to yell at Jude in a language neither of us understood. Although he fought like a man much younger than his age, he was now, currently, acting like the crotchety old man that he was.

Jude snapped his fingers and dropped his head back. "Jupiter! I should have known. I knew those red eyes were familiar, I just couldn't..."

"Jude," I interrupted with a hand on his bicep. We both looked down where my hand rested on his bare skin and I immediately withdrew. It was a familiar gesture, a friendly gesture and Jude was neither to me. "Were you really just checking in on me? Because as you can see, I'm fine now. So why don't you scamper on home, back to the pits of Hell you crawled out of."

"You're adorable when you get all mouthy," he cooed instead. "I'm starting to get turned on."

"And I'm starting to get annoyed."

He blew smoke in my face, just to be a bastard.

"This is the third-party?" Jupiter demanded, looking over Jude with an entirely different expression. "This one?

"Yes," I laughed. "Believe me, I was as surprised as..."

"I know your parents," Jupiter cut me off. He was staring at Jude now, only this time Jude was

hesitant to look back at him.

Jude swallowed once, stomped out his cigarette and then turned the entire force of his blase attitude on Jupiter. "Really? That's nice, because I don't."

"It's a shame what happened to you."

"How did you recognize me?"

"The tattoo on your neck," Jupiter pointed to the side of Jude's collarbone, where there was, in fact, a half-dollar sized tattoo of two swords making an X. One sword had the word "Verity" scrawled across it and the other said, "Honor." It was usually hidden by his t-shirts, but tonight he was wearing a long sleeved Henley with the buttons open, gaping at the throat. "Your parents gave that to you when you were a child."

"Well, if you see them again, tell them I miss them," Jude ground out bitterly and then barked out a derisive laugh. "Just stopped by to make sure you were in top order, Stella. And now that I see you've survived the afternoon, I'll let you get back to.... this."

"How generous of you," I curtsied to be a jackass, but Jude only waved it on as if he were already bored.

He turned around and walked away from us- in the opposite direction of the house. He pulled his ever-present pack of cigarettes out of his back pocket and lit up while he walked away. He raised two fingers as a way of goodbye without turning around; I hated him infinitely more in that moment.

"Now that's interesting," Jupiter commented dryly. "Do you know who that is, Stella?"

"The bane of my existence?" I asked sweetly.

Jupiter chuckled and then began collecting the different swords that lay in discarded piles all over the ground. "That was Jude Michaels."

"I did know that much."

"He was kidnapped as a child- straight from the Lower Realms. Later, the kidnapper was caught. Apparently he was a traitor, intent on stealing an entire generation of Warriors for the Fallen. He only managed to steal Jude before they got him. But he never said what he did with the child."

"What did the Council do to the traitor?" I asked, horrified by the story. I couldn't imagine they would give up looking for Jude, or that his parents would allow the traitor to be executed before he gave up where their son was.

"The Council didn't do anything," Jupiter explained seriously. "The day before he went to trial, he was found beheaded in his cell. Someone else got to him before the Council could ask a single question."

"And they didn't find that suspicious?" Or had I just watched too many episodes of Law and Order?

"Of course they did. The investigation continued, but nothing else ever came up and the boy never resurfaced. They had no idea which planet to search or which direction of the Universe he was taken to. But that tattoo... I would remember it anywhere. Jude's father is an Archangel, his mother sits on the Council. They have never stopped looking for him."

"They will probably be a little disappointed with how he turned out," I sighed. He had a sad story, I could give him that.

Jupiter was silent for a few moments, deep in thought. Finally, and in an amused voice, he said, "Fallen by consequence, not by choice. That makes an interesting study."

True. It was rare, maybe even unheard of for a child to be raised into the Fallen culture without making a conscious decision to join their ranks. Fallen was a choice- even they knew that. Which was why Seth had been spared when he was younger. They didn't, couldn't, have children for this very reason. They were cursed to be barren, since the beginning of time.

"He's obviously adapted," I shrugged it off. Jude was just as evil as the rest of them. And the only reason we weren't fighting to the death right now was because he was under contract to keep me alive. And my new mission in life was to save Seth. It didn't matter if he chose this life or was forced into it; it was his life now and he was as Fallen as the rest of them.

Jupiter and I packed up the rest of the weapons and headed back to the house for a late dinner. He stayed and ate with my family. It was nice to have him there. He was like this souvenir of Seth and I knew he didn't want to go home to an empty house. He even stayed to help my mom clean up.

My heart broke a little bit more with his heartache. I wasn't the only one gutted by Seth's disappearance and the news that he'd given up his soul for me. Why didn't he talk to me about it first? Why did he just rush off and act so impulsively? There had to be more to the story than just his concern for me. We were in this together. Something happened for him to leave me.

I had to believe that.

I spent the rest of the night in my room working on the homework I was behind in. And finally when it was time for bed I called Tristan.

"Hey," he breathed into the phone in a sleepy voice.

"Were you asleep?"

"Just about," he chuckled and the gravelly sound made my toes curl. "I was waiting for you to call."

"Sorry to keep you up."

"No, it's fine, I don't know why I'm so tired."

"Probably that intense practice earlier. Why did your coach make you run the bleachers? What did you guys do to piss him off?"

He groaned a muffled growl and I imagined that he was rubbing a hand over his face. Finally he said, "Rigley got caught smoking with that new kid right before practice and coach punished us all."

"Rigley was smoking with Jude?" I shouldn't be surprised, but I definitely was. Rigley made a lot of bad decisions, but this one seemed worse than all. That he was smoking wasn't exactly beyond comprehension. But I honestly thought Rigley would have some kind of intuition that would warn him about hanging out with Jude.

This cemented in the idea that Jude was here to stay. And that sucked.

Maybe I could get him kicked out before he caused too much havoc on school grounds. I would just wait until he was smoking and turn him in every time. It would probably take one day for him to get expelled.

"That sucks," I sympathized with Tristan. I debated whether to tell him about Jude and our special relationship or not.... I decided to see if I could get him out of my life first. I'd give him a week and if he wasn't gone, then I'd fill Tristan in.

"That kid is something else isn't he?" Tristan was so much more intuitive than I gave him credit for.

"I think he's bad news."

"Me too."

We were silent for a while and then finally Tristan asked, "Any news on Seth?"

The very mention of his name sent shooting pain to my chest and tears to my eyes. "Nope, nothing. Except that we know he's gone and not coming back."

"I'm sorry this happened to you, Stella," Tristan whispered seriously. "I'm sorry he did this to you."

"Thanks," I whispered weakly.

"I know this sounds crazy... but is he going to be alright? I mean, I'm worried about you first, obviously. But, I can't imagine that he's doing all that great either."

Wow. That was a level of maturity I never thought I'd see from Tristan.

"I don't know," I answered honestly. "He's given up his soul for this whole thing. He could be fine. But he could also be.... not fine."

"No, he'll be alright, Stella," he decided suddenly. "Seth will be alright. If anyone could pull out of this with their mind still together, it's got to be him."

"Thank you for saying that." Now my heart was hurting for an entirely different reason. Tristan was different tonight. He was... I didn't know what. Something was different between us and I knew it had to do with Seth's disappearance; but it was somehow the opposite of what I expected to happen.

Not that Seth leaving and joining Team Evil was exactly like a free pass for Tristan and me. But Ok... it kind of was. So why did the absence of Seth seem to be pulling Tristan and I further apart in that area? Why did Tristan seem more accepting of my relationship with Seth now that he was gone?

I was so confused.

And I had more important things to worry about than boys.

"Talk to you tomorrow?" I was suddenly unable to keep my eyes open.

"Yep. You have a game tomorrow night?" he asked.

"Yes, although I will not be starting. Coach is still punishing me for my disappearing act."

Tristan laughed at that. "Well, I'm sure that will last all of ten minutes until she comes to her senses. Besides, she needs someone on the field to calm your crazy best friend down."

Now it was my turn to laugh. "Piper's carrying a yellow card from last game. She'll be smart tomorrow. She has to be."

"Sure she will," but he didn't sound like he believed me at all. "You need to get that girl under control."

"I do what I can," I smirked. Piper was definitely a menace on the athletic field. She had such a temper. Even I was a little afraid of her at times.

"See you tomorrow," Tristan said.

"Yeah, see you tomorrow," I echoed.

And then he clicked off.

No I love you? No sweet dreams? No.... anything?

Huh.

Chapter Eleven

Four minutes in stoppage time to win this game. We were currently tied at two-two. Piper had both goals and I knew she was looking for a hat trick, but I had the ball.

I dribbled the ball around a defender, cursing the tall, thick grass near the goal. Sweat dripped into my eyes and my hair was plastered across my forehead. I was out of breath, since my Light was on a dimmer switch while I played against humans.

The ball moved easily at my feet, though, and in one more move I would be head to head with the keeper alone. I feinted right and then moved left, giving the ball a short touch with the inside of my foot, setting myself up. Then I pulled my right leg back and connected perfectly with the top of my foot. The ball soared up into the air with real force and found the money shot, the far right corner, just on the inside of the bars. The keeper stretched up to block it, but she wasn't fast enough and the ball flew back until it found the easy resistance of the white net.

Gooooooooooooooooooal!

Oh yes, my pretend Mexican announcers were going crazy in my head.

I turned around just in time to get caught around the waist by Piper and Bree. They were screaming and I was screaming and it was a moment of pure happiness in the middle of my upside down life.

"That was insane!" Pipe shouted in my ear.

The whistle blew and we separated to go back to our positions. The other team set up and kicked off, but thirty seconds later the final whistle sounded and the game was over. We won!

Cleanup after the game was a flurry of motion. First our coach shouted her congratulations to us, then we packed up our things and the fans surrounded us, screaming their impressions of the game and slapping us on the back. Finally, we were left to wander to our cars alone.

The night game took place at a school thirty minutes away, and those of us with cars had driven ourselves instead of riding the smelly bus. I said goodbye to my parents, and they left in my dad's truck to go straight home. I was taking my mom's Malibu, so I could meet up with Piper and Tristan to celebrate our win.

I must have been delayed longer than the others because by the time I was throwing my bag in the trunk of my car, I was almost alone in the lot. Tristan had ridden with Rigley and Lincoln; the plan was to meet at an Arby's between here and home. Piper and Bree had already driven off to meet them.

I slammed my trunk down and then stifled a scream when I saw Seth leaning against my driver's side door.

"You scared me!" I exclaimed while my insides went completely berserk at the sight of him.

"Come here," he demanded.

My heart shot up to my throat and I couldn't breathe. He was different- already. I could tell immediately. He was darker somehow, his Light already diminishing. His eyes didn't hold that glowing honey color I adored. His face was more angled, less boyish and charming, more haggard man. But he was still the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen.

He was just more Fallen than Angel now and my soul split in half with that realization.

I remembered the first time I met him and how I was convinced there was something Fallen about him. His beauty had always been dark, but now he was consumed by it. I knew that his fall into soullessness would be a gradual decent. Little by little he would lose everything moral and righteous in him. But I was shocked by how fast he seemed to fall, how marked of a change there was after a week and a half.

I was nervous to go near him, but at the same time I couldn't wait. I had been missing him forever it seemed. I hadn't even gotten to say goodbye and now he was standing in front of me.

Something I didn't think would happen again. At least not this soon.

"Stella, I don't have a lot of time, come here," he commanded more firmly.

I felt my feet moving before my brain told them to. He was risking something to be with me tonight. My chest clenched at the realization that he was endangering himself for me. Even now. And I knew he wouldn't hurt me.

When I was just inches away from him he reached out for me. I was still too afraid to move. Not because I was afraid of him, but because I was terrified this was a dream, or a hallucination and the moment I touched him he would disappear.

The night was pitch black around us, without even one star peeking through the heavy cloud cover. The stadium lights were shut off and every other car disappeared from the lot. It was just Seth and me.

His hand reached up and traced a delicate line along my cheek and jaw line. His hand shook as he touched my skin, as if he were restraining himself, or trying to grapple control. But I trusted him. I didn't know how far gone he was, but it wouldn't matter if he was solidly Fallen by now, I would always trust him.

"I've missed you," I whispered as tears pricked my eyes. His eyes were too intense to be affectionate, too depthless to be loving. They were something else entirely- with intensely, concentrated power that was burning a hole all the way through me.

"You shouldn't miss me." His voice was growly and harsh with his words. The feel of it grated against my skin because it was so wrong, because it was so definitely not Seth.

But at the same time butterflies ignited in my stomach because there were still these concentrated feelings between us. I could feel the electricity as it sparked in the air around us.

"I shouldn't?" I asked in a pleading voice.

"No." His hand dropped from my face and reached out to grip my waist almost painfully. He yanked me against his body so that my legs straddled one of his and our chests pressed up against each other. "I'm not the same man, Stella."

I didn't know what to say, so I stayed silent, just absorbing his presence and drinking him in. He felt dangerous now, like the enemy he was. But I still couldn't pull myself away from him.

"But I can't stay away from you," he growled. "Not even after I've lost so much of myself."

And then before I could think or process his words his mouth was on mine, hungry and desperate. This was in no way like any kiss he'd given me before. This was passionate and consuming, he was drinking in my soul to fill the place where his was missing.

And I was letting him.

His mouth was insistent and demanding on mine. One moment we were pressing lips together, and the next his tongue had slipped inside and claimed mine. I gasped at the feel, the hot sensation, the explosion of desire inside of me.

He gripped my h*ps with his huge hands and slammed my body against his. He slid down an inch on the car so our mouths were perfectly aligned. My hands clutched at his chest, his shoulders, I slid them around his neck and then into his hair. I couldn't decide where they should land or what part of him I wanted to touch more.

And he was the same way. His hands moved from my soccer shorts to pull at my jersey. He untucked it, only to slide his fingers along the bare skin of my waist and then up higher, just under my sports bra. They lingered there for a few moments, sliding along the seam. My mind swam with the will power to slow down, but he was stoking a need so hot and powerful that all rational thinking had fled leaving me a melting puddle.

Finally, he seemed to grasp some control of his wandering hands, because they slammed back down on my nak*d waist and he squeezed me until it was almost too much.

Almost, but not quite.

And instead of feeling afraid, all I felt was his strong, urgent need to hold on to me, to possess me in some way, as the rest of his life slipped out of his control.

He spun us around and my back slammed into the metal of my mom's car. The movement knocked the wind out of me, but he swallowed my gasp as he continued to own my mouth with his. Then as if a switch had been flipped, he slowed our kiss down and began pressing the sweetest kisses everywhere but my mouth. He trailed seductive, wet kisses along my jaw, up to my earlobe and then down the column of my neck. His breathing was ragged and heaving and his huge body pressed intimately against mine so that all I could feel was him- all I knew was him.

He was my only plane of existence and my only reality.

And when he paused and I inhaled him into my lungs, I knew I was the same for him.

"You're my anchor, Stella. How can I live without you?" he breathed raggedly against the hollow of my throat. "I need you with me. Or I will die."

I trembled at the force of my emotions. He meant that in the most literal sense and my entire soul ached with the hard truth of our situation.

My arms circled his neck and I pulled him to me in a tight embrace. He wrapped his muscled arms around my waist and held me just as securely. He buried his face in my neck, breathing in my sweat from the game, and the crisp wind scent from running around outside. I inhaled him- the delicious scent that was Seth and the aura of Light that he would never lose- no matter how dark his life became.

"You have me," I swore and I meant it. "You have me."

He tightened his impossible hold and I struggled to breathe- but it didn't matter. The only thing that mattered were our beating hearts pressed against each other, our souls intertwined in the metaphysical place surrounding our bodies and our hands clutching at an emotion so palpable and defining that our entire lives would be changed after this moment.

I loved him.

I finally loved him and he was taken from me.

"Stay with me," I whispered, begged, pleaded. "Don't leave me. Stay with me."

"I have to leave you." His voice was a shadow of himself, desperately harsh and pained. "But I will come back to you. I will always come back to you." He lifted his head and pressed his forehead against mine. His lightless eyes glimmered with unshed tears; seeing him so close to losing it was my ultimate undoing.

I hiccupped a sob and pressed my lips against his, frantic to stay in this moment forever, to feel him forever.

He immediately reacted, pulling me into his overwhelming need. My lips were bruised and swollen from his insistent kisses, and I was gasping for air, but whatever space remained between us was too much. His mouth became almost punishing as he devoured mine.

Our hands were grasping, clutching, desperate for the touch and feel of each other.

This wasn't a kiss, it was a love letter. This was our manifesto.

My skin was a beacon of light in the darkness that surrounded us, but his only let off the Darkness that at one time would have shone as radiantly as the sun. He was now my opposite, my enemy.

But he was also my Seth.

And I loved him.

There was probably never a choice for me but to love him, but to be his. I had taken too long to come to my epiphany and now he was gone from me.

But I needed to tell him anyway.

"Seth," I gasped when he moved back to my neck. "I-"

"Well, isn't this cozy?" Seven giggled from behind Seth.

He immediately stopped whatever delicious thing his tongue was doing to me and stood up. His arms braced him on the car behind me. And even though he separated our bodies, he didn't make an attempt to move away from me. His gaze caught mine and his eyes were as soulless as his contract made him.

Immediately I was anxious for this confrontation to be over.

And once again I was caught without a sword.

Damn it.

Well, they were in the car, under the driver's seat. But a lot of good they did me now.

"Sister," Seth greeted tersely. He held my gaze for a moment longer and then stood up. He pressed a chaste kiss against my lips, surprising me, and then backed away.

I let out a breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding and stood up straight. I adjusted my clothes that had gotten a little disheveled during our make out, and ripped out my hair tie to redo my hair. Half of my head was soaked with sweat, so it was easy to smooth back and knot in a messy bun on top of my head.

"I hope I'm not interrupting something..... scandalous." Seven walked over to her brother and trailed her fingers along his shoulder, stopping at the edge and brushing something invisible off his white oxford.

Seth smirked in my direction. He was completely transformed now that Seven had arrived. Gone was the haunted, desperate man and in his place was a stranger. He even dressed differently. He was clean and polished in a white button up dress shirt and gray trousers. He looked like a man, not a seventeen year old boy. His face was hard, his expression unforgiving.

And he shocked the hell out of me when he answered his sister. "You are. We were definitely on our way to scandalous."

"We were just kissing," I heard myself whisper.

Seven and Seth laughed like they knew a secret I didn't and I immediately felt stupid for even replying. This was not the Seth that had snuck away to kiss me.

But then Seven's attention was distracted and she turned away from me; the laughter abruptly stopped. I looked up at Seth, wondering if he would at least look apologetic, but his eyes were unchanging and the same damn smirk tilted his lips.

"Jude, stop skulking in the shadows," Seven scolded.

Sure enough Jude walked into sight with a somewhat embarrassed expression on his face. He didn't seem ready to meet my gaze either. But to be fair, I was actually trying to make his head explode using my nonexistent telepathic powers.

"Hey there, Jude," I said evenly. "Just out showing your school pride?" I waved a hand at the quiet stadium.

"Definitely," he half chuckled. Finally he met my eyes but instead of seeing the same sheepish expression, his eyes were hard and his jaw clenched tightly. "Go Raiders."

I was actually surprised he knew our mascot.

"What are you doing here, Seven?" Seth cut in, sounding annoyed.

"Came to fetch you," she turned back to Seth and smiled charmingly. She looked more like a child than ever in a ruffled party dress that poofed out at her h*ps and ended mid-thigh. She was wearing five-inch Mary Janes and her hair was in a high ponytail. She looked nice too, but in a stripper playing out a fetish fantasy kind of way. I just did not understand her.

"So why is he here?" Seth gestured at Jude.

"You're trading places, baby brother," she smiled at him haughtily. "We don't want anything to happen to your precious Star. Jude's going to make sure she gets home alright." She brushed her hand across his chest this time, swiping away more invisible dirt. He seemed to soften under her touch.

Seth snorted and then met me with those cold eyes again.

"I can get myself home," I said calmly. "I don't need Jude's help." I shot a nasty look his way before returning to hold Seth's stare.

"We're not going to risk it," Seven chided me playfully. "You do know what's at stake, don't you? If something were to happen to you?"

"I've been informed," I growled, refusing to let go of Seth's gaze.

"Then you know how much we value your life..... for now." I heard the unmistakable smile in her voice and had the strongest urge to slap it right off her face; but I repressed it.

Because I was a better person.

And because there were more of them than me.

I finally ripped my gaze away from Seth and met Seven's vacant stare, forcing her to focus on me. "I cannot wait to kill you," I hissed at her.

She took three steps forward until we were only a foot apart and promised, "The feeling is so mutual. One day, Starling, I will tear the skin off your pretty face and feed it to the vultures."

I stopped myself from shuddering and answered her threat, "I'm not interested in playing games, Seven. All I want for you is my sharp sword right across your throat. That will be more than enough for me."

She looked just seconds from following through with her promise before Seth caught her around the waist and dragged her back.

"Alright, Sev," Seth murmured soothingly. "She's not worth losing Aliah over, is she?" Seven whimpered and then went limp in Seth's arms. "You'll have your day, soon. Just not today, Ok?"

"Ok," Seven relented sounding one part gleeful and one part disappointed.

Seth set her down and took her hand. He started leading her away from me, back into the obscure night beyond my line of sight when suddenly, he turned around and threatened me in a low voice, "You're mine, Stella. Do not confuse my absence for freedom."

This time a shiver rippled through me before I could suppress it. What did he mean by that? Was soulless Seth also a controlling psychopath? Or was that a cryptic message I was somehow supposed to understand?

I didn't know. And my head hurt trying to dissect it or process this night.

Gone was my post-victory glow and in its place was a cold confusion that rattled my bones.

"Well, he's lost his mind," Jude laughed. He was watching the place where Seth and Seven disappeared.

I wondered if that was true.

"You're not riding home with me," I said coldly. I pulled out my keys and opened my driver's side door.

"I have to go home with you. Please tell me you're finally understanding what's at stake."

"I understand that the Counterpart I used to know has lost his soul, possibly his mind and is someone I don't recognize now. I understand that I'm under the protection of a contract that is trying to do more than keep me from getting hurt; it's trying to control me. And I understand that you're perfectly capable of flying, and therefore, can keep an eye on me from almost anywhere but in a confined space with me. So back off, Jude. I've had a very confusing night and I do not have the patience for you."

"So mouthy," he chuckled. "It's alright. I can arrange my own transportation." He lifted his arm and waved his keys around. A car honked in the background and I realized he had driven here too.

He was never planning on riding home with me- as in the same car as me.

I felt guilty for one second before my anger flared again. He was still my enemy. He was still the bad guy. He was still part of the attempt to control and manipulate me.

I didn't even bother to reply to him, I just sunk in to the driver's seat and jabbed the keys in the ignition. I was halted in my getaway, though, when Jude yanked open the door leaning one of his arms on it and the other on the hood of my car. He bent down so our faces were just inches apart and smiled at me.

"What, Jude?" I shouted at him. I was so over this day.

He stared at me for a while without saying something. His eyes dipped from mine to my lips and then back up. He seemed a little confused.

"I just wanted to tell you to drive carefully." His eyes danced with humor and I knew he was being ironic.

"Got it covered."

"Your lips are swollen," he said out of the blue.

My hand immediately flew to my mouth and I rubbed at my lips. I tried to decide if I was excited that Seth had kissed me like that or disturbed that his enthusiasm seemed to have something to do with his missing soul.

"Isn't it interesting that even without his wiser faculties, he seems to recognize you as his?" Jude dropped a hand and reached forward. I sat stunned by his boldness, not thinking enough to make him stop. He rubbed his thumb over my bottom lip and then smiled at me. "Fascinating."

When he pulled his hand back I couldn't stop myself from asking, "Did you call Seven here? Were you spying on us?"

"Stella, my contract says that I protect you from every threat. If you don't see your boy as a threat yet, then what are you waiting for?"

His words were like ice water in my veins- the reality check I was ignoring.

Taking in my stunned expression he laughed, "This is fun, isn't it?"

"Screw you."

And then I stomped on the gas pedal and let the door knock Jude out of the way. I sped

recklessly out of the parking lot and onto the highway, never once letting my foot off the gas. I was desperate to get away from Jude and the world he represented. I felt used tonight and somehow violated, and I hated it.

I just wanted to get away.

But by the headlights that stayed behind me all the way home, I realized I couldn't get away. Jude, Aliah, Seven and the Darkness that consumed them would follow me everywhere.

And now that Darkness included Seth.

This wasn't my lot in life, this was my battle.

And it was time to fight it.

Chapter Twelve

"You blew off ice cream?" Piper demanded first thing the next morning. "How could you blow off ice cream?"

"I was tired?" That sounded too unsure. "I was tired." I repeated for good measure.

"I guess," Piper huffed. She swiped at her heavy bangs. She was wearing at least twenty bangles on each wrist and they clanked together with her movement. As usual her outfit was half artsy-eclectic and half small-public-school-chic. She wore a baggy, red school shirt over a black cami. The t-shirt had been cut into a makeshift halter top and then she'd cut long vertical slits in the middle. She'd covered her shoulders, per dress code requirements, with a knee-length cardigan. She finished her look with black shimmery leggings and knee high boots that could have easily been a Jack Sparrow wardrobe option. Her eye makeup was dark and heavy and she had these huge, chunky gold earrings to complete the look.

She somehow managed to pull off her Bohemian high school student split personality and still look hot.

I used to think I could never get away with her daring style, but lately I was looking more and more Goth-cheerleader. My blonde hair would always belong in a shampoo commercial, but these days my outfits were becoming a uniform of short skirts and long trench coats. Daggers and swords and weapons; oh my. Anything to keep from showing up vulnerable and weaponless at the next Fallen fan club confrontation.

My eyeliner was a little dark, too, today. And I couldn't explain that, except that I was also feeling a little dark today. After Seth's epic kiss and then his equally epic brush-off, I couldn't help but feel depressed. Plus the bothersome little fly that was Jude....

I was all Rebel without a Cause today.

And I think it showed more than I realized.

"We need to do something, Stel. We haven't hung out in forever." Piper whined. She pulled her books down for first hour class and looked at me sideways. "You're always ditching me."

"Because I'm sick and tired," I reminded her.

"Sick and tired of what?" Jude interrupted.

When I looked up, he was leaning back against the bank of lockers to my left. He was holding two cups of coffee in his hand- as in latte's, as in from Starbucks.

We didn't have a Starbucks near here for at least forty-five minutes. That meant he somehow flew it back here this morning. Which would mean it would be frozen if he took it up that high.

"You," I sighed, but my eyes were still on the confusing coffee and so I didn't sound sincere.

Jude just grinned. "Coffee?"

"Isn't it cold?" I raised my eyebrows and crossed my arms.

"It was cold," Jude caught my meaning. "But I've heated it up. It's actually the perfect temperature." He nudged the back of my hand with it and I could feel how hot it was through the cardboard cup.

I frowned. Why was he being nice to me?

"Is it poisoned?" I asked dryly.

He grinned bigger. "It's not poisoned. It's hazelnut. Do you like hazelnut?"

"I prefer caramel-vanilla." I accepted the hot deluxe coffee and pressed my lips together so I wouldn't smile. "For future reference."

"Duly noted," Jude said seriously.

"What is that?" Piper screeched when she noticed what was in my hands. "Where did you get that, Stella?"

"Uh...." Dang it. I did not want Piper having nice thoughts about Jude. But this was kind of unavoidable now.

"Would you like one, Piper?" Jude smiled at her- and this time he actually looked charming instead of his usual devilish self.

I suppressed my glow that was threatening to burn Jude to ash. He seemed to notice I was struggling and shot me a patronizing glare.

"I'm just being nice, Stella. You can't keep me all to yourself, you know." He handed Piper his other cup and she actually sighed when their fingers brushed. "It's black with a little cream, is that alright?"

"Perfect," she smiled at him. "You are officially an angel."

Jude let out a bark of surprised laughter. "Did you hear that, Stel? Your friend thinks I'm an angel."

"Oh, my gosh," I groaned. But I still took a sip of my delicious coffee. I really did expect it to be poisoned, but it was fine. It was more than fine. It really was perfect.

Piper took a sip, too, and groaned in satisfaction. "Thank you, Jude."

"You're welcome." He turned to look at me with raised eyebrows and waited expectantly.

I turned around and pulled out the books I needed, hoping he would just disappear.

"Stella!" Piper gasped. She leaned around me and said to Jude. "I'm so sorry about my friend! She's not usually this rude! But she just broke up with her boyfriend."

I closed my locker and slammed my forehead into it. "He wasn't my boyfriend, Piper."

He still wasn't. But he wasn't exactly not my boyfriend either.

Ugh. This was confusing.

"Oh, so what you're saying is she's on the rebound?" Jude put a hand on the back of my neck and squeezed. He kept it there even when I scrunched up my shoulders in an effort to remove him from me.

Piper laughed. "I think you're going to have to get in line. There's already competition."

When Jude quirked a brow at her, she betrayed me by nodding her head in the direction of Tristan who was walking our way.

"The high school jock?" he burst out into laughter. "That is very interesting." And then he walked away.

"Where are you going?" I demanded because I didn't know what else to do.

He held up his pack of cigarettes and then pointed toward the door, but never turned around. Ok, even for Fallen, he was the weirdest boy I had ever met.

"Stella," Piper's sharp voice cut into my muddled thoughts. "Since when do you know him?"

"I don't," I answered immediately.

"Well, he thinks he knows you."

"No kidding."

"What was that about?" Tristan was finally upon us and scowling. He nodded his head in the direction of Jude and then scowled at our coffees. "And where did those come from?"

"Air mail?" I was the only one that fully got that.

Tristan scowled deeper.

"Stella's apparently buddy-buddy with the new kid." Piper offered helpfully. She shared a look with Tristan and then she shrugged.

What was that about?

Since when did they communicate?

"I'm not buddy-buddy with the new kid," I slammed a hand down on my hip, adamant about this. "He won't leave me alone!"

"And he brings her coffee," Piper looked down at her cup meaningfully and the child in me wanted to slap the coffee out of her hands.

"He brought me coffee. One time! I'm telling you guys, I can't get him to leave me alone. I promise you, I'm not encouraging his behavior, but there is nothing I can do about it!" Understatement of the year.

"We believe you, Stel," Tristan said in a pacifying tone. "It's alright. You don't have to get mad."

Which of course only made me madder.

"Whatever," I huffed. "I'm going to class."

I stomped off down the hallway, fully aware that I was throwing a temper tantrum. But still, I expected them to follow me. So when I turned around to check out where they were, nobody was more surprised than me that they were still standing where I left them in deep conversation. They were even leaning in to each other!

This was clearly some alternate universe. Seth was bad... bad-ish? My constant companion was a Fallen. And Tristan and Piper were getting along.

Irrational tears pricked at my eyes and I forced them back. It was just that everything felt wrong these days. And what was worse was that not long ago everything had seemed right, or could have been right. It felt like this was my fault. It felt like I had messed this all up.

And now I didn't know how to fix it.

The tardy bell rang while I was standing outside of my classroom, but I couldn't make myself go inside. Instead I watched out the window as Jude finished his cigarette in the shade of a huge oak tree.

I wouldn't have bothered to watch him any other time, but there was suddenly a feeling of something so wrong and depraved around me that I had to be certain it wasn't him. Immediately my feet were paralyzed in place. I couldn't move. I couldn't think. All I could do was feel- and all I felt was fear.

Icy frost slid down the lockers to my left and below my feet. Each flake was delicately made; in each inch spread the most precisely-formed sickness.

Tendrils of evil snaked over my skin, the sheer frigidity of their evil searing my skin to the bone. When I looked down at my body, I was horrified to see the black wispy tails of Shadows covering my skin and clothes like octopus tentacles. And where they touched me was like no pain I had ever felt. The pain was so acute, so raw that I knew I would black out before I could do something to save myself.

One Shadow slithered up my body, as I watched frozen in my spot, and wrapped around my throat. I felt its solid body wrap around my neck while my arms stayed pinned to my sides, tied down now by more Shadows. I sucked in a breath, positive it would be my last and released a blood-curdling scream. And then everything went black.

Slowly feeling came back to me. It seemed to move in grids up my body. My feet first, then my legs, eventually my stomach, sometime after that my arms, and finally my head. And then everything rushed back at once so I had all of my senses again. I could hear the commotion around me, even though I couldn't make sense of it, I could smell the familiar scent that was only Mead High School and a lingering hint of sulfur. I could feel the cold tile underneath me and a hand that was gripping my own. I could taste how dry my mouth was and the coppery left over of blood from where I must have bit my tongue. When I opened my eyes I could see.

I blinked up at a white-faced Tristan and a confused Piper who was shouting for help. Her hand was the one I was holding.

"What happened?" Tristan demanded, but I just blinked at him.

What had happened?

I couldn't remember yet.

"Are you alright?" he asked with his panic showing.

I tried to talk, but my mouth was too dry, so I nodded slowly instead.

"What's going on out here?" a teacher- I wasn't together enough to figure out which teacher- demanded.

"She fainted," Piper explained breathlessly.

"Is she the one that screamed too?'

Had I screamed?

"Yes," Piper nodded quickly.

"What happened to her?"

"I don't know."

"She fainted," Tristan bit out.

"Then why did she scream?" The teacher wanted to know.

Why had I screamed?

"I don't know," Tristan shook his head and his familiar green eyes fell back to mine. "Can you stand up?"

I didn't know. But I felt..... fuzzy.

I shook my head no. I wasn't ready just yet.

"Move!" Jude shouted and to my surprise people actually moved for him.

Well Piper did. Tristan just looked up at him like he was out of his mind.

"I said move," Jude growled in one of the most dangerous voices I'd ever heard. He looked down at me, clearly waiting for Tristan to get out of the way. He had a cigarette tucked behind his ear and his hair was wild, way messier than a few moments ago.

"No," Tristan said simply.

"Move the hell out of my way." Jude's furious eyes shot back to Tristan and I was actually worried for my best friend. Jude was shaking a bit and his hands had started to glow.

Whatever teacher was standing there was apparently as confused by Jude's reaction to me, because he was not stepping in to intervene.

"I'm fine," I finally announced and peeled myself off the floor. A wave of dizziness hit me as soon as I was on my feet; I reached out for support. Jude caught me, catching Tristan in the chest with his hand.

"I got her." His voice was so low and threatening I squeezed his arm tight enough to get his attention.

"Settle down," I whispered.

His eyes found mine and they immediately softened with worry and a bit of hysteria. Obviously he was worried about his own life and a breech in the contract. And obviously, I couldn't trust him.

"Stella, for real, are you alright?" Tristan asked while giving Jude a very hateful look.

"I'm really fine," I promised. I pulled my arms away from Jude and smoothed out my wrinkles. I subtly checked my dagger was still firmly strapped to my thigh and surreptitiously tucked my second one back into my knee high boots. I shot Jude another look and said more firmly, "I'm really fine, thanks."

"What happened?" the teacher I could now identify as Mr. Wilks asked.

"I just, um...." What did happen? I looked around at the hallway for any signs of melting frost or lurking Shadows but it was clear. There was nothing here except maybe the faint smell of rotten eggs, but then again, maybe not. Gah, I was so confused! I couldn't even make sense of what happened in my own head. How would I ever explain this? Not that I would tell Mr. Wilks the truth anyway. "I got dizzy."

"You got dizzy?" he repeated dryly.

"Yes."

"You need to go to the nurse's office," he ordered. I opened my mouth to complain but he cut me off with a stiff shake of his head. "Nonnegotiable, Ms. Day. You faint in the hallway, you go to the nurse. That is the way things are done here."

"Fine," I groaned. "Write me a pass please?" I tried to smile, but my head was still swimming.

"Fine." He pulled out a yellow pad of hall passes and started filling it out for me. "Tristan go with her."

"I'll go," Jude volunteered. He took a step closer to me and waited with an expectant expression.

"No, you'll go to class," Mr. Wilks answered. "Who are you anyway?"

"It's not important. What is important is that I help Stella to the nurse. I'm more qualified than this guy," he hooked a thumb at Tristan.

Tristan stared at him in kind of a morbid fascination, not quite sure what do with him. To be honest, I didn't know either. At least I wasn't suffering alone anymore.

"I'm going to stick with my earlier decision," Mr. Wilks smiled cynically at Jude and scrunched up his face into his "I mean business" expression. "Now what is your name?"

"This is Jude Michaels," I said quickly, before Jude could piss him off more. "He's new."

"Alright Jude Michaels, I'll tell you what, you may accompany Stella and Tristan to the nurse's office."

"There we go," Jude smiled.

"But please don't stop there. I want you to continue on to the principal's office."

"You're punishing me because I'm concerned about a fellow student?"

I snorted. I couldn't stop myself.

"I'm sending you to be punished because you have a cigarette hanging from your ear. I'm allowing you to check your concern by following Stella to the nurse." Jude opened his mouth to argue, but Mr. Wilks was already on it. He held up a hand and gave us that same stiff nod again. "Not another word. Just do what you're told. I'll notify your first hour teacher."

I turned around and started walking before Jude got into more trouble. Tristan was by my side and Jude scrambled to catch up. I glanced back at Piper who was looking between me and the boys on either side of me like they had both grown a second head. Our eyes met for a moment and she gave me a "WTH" look.

I mouthed I know, but kept walking.

"It's cute that you think you can help her, but this kind of work is better left up to the big boys," Jude commented dryly to Tristan. He was instigating a fight, and I literally wanted to choke him.

Tristan barked out a laugh and shook his head. "You are something else, man."

Jude pulled the cigarette down from his ear and stuck it in his mouth. He lit it with the tip of his finger and sucked in a long drag to get it going. The smell of burning nicotine filled the air around us.

I couldn't believe he was smoking in the halls again, after being sent to the principal's office for the same reason. And that he lit his cigarette that way in front of Tristan!

Although I didn't know why I couldn't believe that. He was after all Fallen and therefore without a moral code or compass.

"This thing you have with her is over. Understand that right now and your life will be infinitely safer." Jude's voice was calm menace as he threatened Tristan. He sounded so at ease, so laid-back, but the intent and threat in his words was unmistakable.

"Stop it, Jude," I hissed. "That's enough."

"No, it's fine, Stella," Tristan insisted. "He has something to say, let's hear what it is."

Jude stepped in front of me and shoved Tristan against a bank of lockers. The sound of metal shaking under the force of Tristan's body hitting them echoed loudly in the empty hallway. Jude's forearm was under Tristan's neck, holding him in place while his other hung casually at his side, holding his still-lit cigarette.

"Good," Jude exhaled a puff of smoke in Tristan's face. "I'm glad you're listening. That girl behind me? The one you seem to think you have some kind of claim on? She's not for you. She doesn't even exist in the same world you live in. So it's time to back down gracefully now, and let better, more qualified men have her attention. You're a waste of her time."

I opened my mouth to yell obscenities at this jackass. Honestly, who did he think he was? But before I could, Tristan surprised us both by punching him soundly in the stomach.

Jude bent over at the impact and a whoosh of breath rushed out of his mouth. He took a step back, smiling a malicious grin, and bounced on the tips of his toes as if he were getting ready to box. He pointed at Tristan with his middle finger and then sucked in a deep puff from his cigarette.

"You're a surprise," he chuckled.

Tristan looked easily as dangerous with his stoic expression and every single one of his muscles was tensed and ready. He shook his head at Jude and seemed to choose his words carefully. "I don't know who you are and honestly, it doesn't matter. But what you need to understand is that there is nothing in this Universe that will take Stella away from me. So you need to back the hell off and leave her alone. Or things will go badly for you, my friend."

I didn't know what to do. I was used to Tristan and Seth fighting for me, but Jude was kind of a wild card. And I didn't entirely understand his motivation. Was this all contract related? What was his end game? And why was he picking fights with a human?

I looked down at Jude's glowing hands and decided it was time to step in, "Jude, stop."

He glanced over at me, taking another drag from his cigarette and met my stare with his deep gray one. He looked back at Tristan and then back at me. "You're right."

And then he walked away again. He stopped near the office door, stomped out his half-finished cigarette and yanked the office door so hard the glass rattled. He disappeared into the office and leaving Tristan and me again.

"Who is he?" Tristan demanded before I even had a chance to take a deep breath.

"Fallen," I whispered.

"Then what is he doing here?" Tristan must have picked up all the signs, because he didn't seem surprised that there was a completely evil being walking around the halls of our high school.

I turned back to face Tristan and give him my full attention. It was time to fill him in. "He's here to protect me."

"What?" I almost laughed at how disbelieving Tristan sounded, but held it in. This situation was way too messed up to be funny- except in the I've-finally-lost-my-mind-completely way.

"When Seth left, he didn't just join the Alliance of Evil, he sold his soul in a contract to it."

"Really? Comic book references?" Tristan chuckled despite our heavy topic. "You're such a

nerd."

I shrugged and continued, "This contract is absolutely binding. And it's what we call a 'third-

party contract.' So it took three signers to complete the pact: Seth, who sold his soul to protect me from any kind of harm until I'm eighteen. Aliah, who bargained his own life to ensure Seth's loyalty. And then the third party- Jude. He is like the leverage both sides need. If he lets something happen to me that is not fatal, he dies. If something happens to him by one of us, Seth dies."

"And what if something fatal happens to you?"

"Aliah dies."

"Sounds like all the bases are covered."

"Exactly," I nodded. "Except the part where I'm not a pawn in some sadistic game of Spy vs. Spy."

"Because without his soul....?"

"Seth is basically Fallen," I filled in the blank. "He has nothing to hold onto his Light. He has no tie to goodness, or humanity or his purpose on Earth. He just exists as a lost individual constantly in the company of the worst evil in the galaxy."

"And when you turn eighteen?"

"We're all released. Supposedly Seth gets his soul back and I'm officially fair game again."

"Why until your eighteen? That's fifteen months away. That seems like a random time frame."

"When I turn eighteen, I come into the fullness of my powers. I'm assuming Seth did this so I could have a fighting chance against this thing. That's the only explanation I could come up with."

"I wasn't thrilled with Seth," Tristan took a step forward and pulled me against his chest. He wrapped his arms around me and I immediately buried my face in his chest, needing the familiarity of his body close to mine. "But I like him a hell of a lot more than this guy."

I let out a tense laugh and nodded. "He's kind of crazy, right?"

"So crazy."

"At least I have you. Thank you for not going anywhere."

"Are you kidding?" Tristan pulled back and stared directly into my eyes, like he could see further than what was on the surface, like he could see what was in all of me. "You've got me Stella. For as long as you want me."

I dove for his chest again and just let myself stay there. It was so weird not having to worry about Seth finding us like this, or worrying about making him feel bad. I loved Seth, yes. But I also loved Tristan; I loved him for a whole lot longer than I even knew Seth.

The strangest thing about this hug though, was that there was no guilt. No, I didn't have to worry about Seth walking in on us, but in a way, I was still betraying him. And while he risked everything for me.

So why didn't it feel wrong to hug Tristan?

There was something different between us, but I had no idea what it was. I had loved Tristan for as long as I could remember. He'd always been a part of my life. And he would always be a part of my life. I had to wonder if maybe I was ready to accept that fully. Seth was removed and now my heart felt free to choose completely.

Or maybe not.

It didn't matter now though, because I needed this hug. I needed to let Tristan hold me.

I would figure the rest out later.

Chapter Thirteen

"Where are Serena and Nate?"

"You're home early?" my dad commented when I slammed the kitchen door behind me.

"Soccer was canceled because of the weather." I gestured through the kitchen window at the lightning and heavy rain outside. "Dad, do you know where they are?"

"Stella, sit down," he ordered. He looked up over his book- some biography on World War Two- and gave me his "concerned" expression.

I obeyed and then took a moment to breathe. I was worked up from a day of Jude following me around and missing Seth and feeling confused about Tristan. And I didn't want to sulk at home and think about how differently I could have behaved with Seth.

I wanted to kill things.

Lots and lots of things.

"How are you doing, kiddo?" Dad asked me. His bright blue eyes sparkled with life and his skin was brilliant with his inner glow. I loved my parents so much; they were always there for me. I couldn't have asked for a better set. But I could see how antsy they were getting with their orders to stay on Earth. They were meant to fight, and they could only do so much of that here. I had been selfish before with my unwillingness to grow up and be who I was meant to be.

No more of that.

"I'm fine," I shrugged, anxious to get out of here.

"You're fine?" he chuckled.

"Ok, obviously I'm not fine. I'm thinking the best thing to do would be to go fight off some of this stress." I gave him a charming smile and forced myself to sit still. I hadn't told my parents or Jupiter about running into Seth the other day, because I couldn't exactly tell them that he stalked me just so he could make out with me, and then embarrass me in front of his sister. And I wasn't planning on telling them about the whole fainting incident at school either. I didn't want to appear weak while I was trying to get my on-field experience upped.

And I had to admit I didn't want Jude getting in any trouble either. Not that I cared about him per se, but having to deal with another Fallen gave me an instant headache. At least, I kind of knew what to expect with him.

"Have you seen Seth?" my dad asked with perceptive eyes.

Ugh.

"Yes," I nodded. "I saw him after my soccer game."

To my dad's credit he didn't ask about the nature of Seth's visit....

"Was he at all recognizable?"

I thought about that for a few moments. "Yes, at first. I mean, he seemed, I don't know, harsher or more serious maybe, but still him. There were still things about him that were familiar. But by the end.... he was obviously different."

"What made him different toward the end of your encounter?" My dad leaned forward, giving me all of his intelligent attention. I realized then that I did want to talk about this. It was so hard to process everything that was going on; it would be nice to get his opinion.

"Well, Seven showed up and his entire attitude changed. He went from being a little aggressive to cold and bullying. But then, right before he left he reminded me of our relationship. Honestly, it was very confusing."

"Did Seven hurt you?" Suddenly my dad was very angry. His eyes flashed with light and his shoulders tensed for action.

"No!" I assured him. "She didn't even try to touch me."

"I suppose she's not allowed to now." He relaxed his shoulders but still seemed tense.

I thought about my episode in the hallway this morning and wondered if it was her.

"Did Seth hurt you?"

"No." I thought about it for a moment. "Do you think he would though? I have never been worried about Seth hurting me, even after I found out he'd given up his soul. But then Jude was there, and after Seven and Seth left, I asked him why. He said he was contracted to protect me from every threat- even Seth. I don't know. I would never have thought Seth would be capable of something like hurting me, but he just.... he wasn't himself."

"And it's only going to get worse, Stella." My dad answered my question without actually answering it. Seth would and could hurt me. "He's without his soul, yes. But he still remembers what it was like to have one, he still has some connection to his morality. The further he is removed from that memory, the worse he'll get."

"Have you ever known anyone that's done this before?"

He shook his head. "Not personally, although it does happen."

"And do they.... has anyone ever come back from it?"

"Not that I know of." My dad looked down at his hands while I shattered into a hundred million pieces at his words. "But if anyone could...."

"I know, it would be Seth," I whispered. Although I wondered if that was true. To be detached from his soul for fifteen months, to live with Aliah and carry out his evil bidding, to be submerged in a culture that was the exact opposite of what he was born for.... it didn't seem likely that even Seth could overcome that.

You are my anchor.

That's what he'd told me. But was that true? Could I tether him to this life, to his soul?

"I know you want to be out with Nate and Serena more." I looked up and met my dad's resolute gaze. "Maybe that's a good idea. Maybe you should expose yourself to as much as you can. You'll know to pull back if it gets too dangerous for you."

"So I can go?" I asked with childlike excitement.

"Call Jupiter," he smiled at me. "Find out where Serena and Nate are. He might want to go with you. I think he's bored."

"Why do you think that?"

"Because he came over this afternoon and asked if I needed any help farming."

I couldn't stop the laughter from spilling out. "But, it was raining this afternoon."

"I am well aware. Go call him, get him out of here for a while."

"Love you, Dad."

"Love you too, Kiddo."

I felt infinitely better after talking to my dad. It was amazing how he could do that for me. When I bottled things inside, they seemed to expand and fester into gigantic problems that were unconquerable. But talking about them with someone I respected and who's opinion I valued, seemed to deflate every issue and make life seem.... beatable.

I went upstairs to change into yoga pants, a long sleeved t-shirt and tennis shoes- the outfit of every modern assassin. And then I called Jupiter.

He was ecstatic that he would meet Nate and Serena. And by ecstatic, I really meant he just said, "Yes." But it was the fastest he had ever replied positively to me.

He called Serena and found out that they were taking care of a problem in Budapest. Jupiter and I met up immediately, and off we went. Anticipation bubbled through me like lava over rocks. Instinctively I knew I would run into Seth. I just knew he would be out there, wherever there was the most damage or destruction, or the biggest opportunity for a threat. That was part of his old personality; when he was fighting against all of that, somehow I knew this would also be a part of his new personality.

The worst part about knowing I would see him was that I couldn't decide if I was dreading it or longing for it.

Flying was a little weird for me. Maybe if I had grown up anywhere but Earth, it would have seemed more natural. But honestly I felt very Superman meets Buffy the Vampire Slayer whenever I flew. It was obviously the fastest way to travel and the cold and wind didn't bother me since I had the whole glowing thing going on. Plus, as an Angel I had this incredible inner GPS thing happening, and I could find any place on the planet whenever I needed to. That came in handy.

I could also find Seth if he wanted me to.

Which he didn't.

Jupiter and I landed in a shadowy alley in the middle of the Buda side of Budapest. The city was divided by the Danube River and rose up into two great halves on either side. The architecture was all antiquated European with buildings on every corner that were older than the United States had been a country. Everything was gothic and beautiful, even in the darkness of night.

Lights from windows cast long, luminescent shadows onto the cobblestone walks. Laughter from nearby pubs created a rowdy soundtrack to the cool night. The speech was in a language I couldn't understand, but, or maybe because of that, it felt musical and melodic sound.

At the same time I could feel the evil around us. Frost shone on the walls of the antique buildings and the faint scent of sulfur hung in the air.

We had landed in kind of an epicenter of Shadow activity, and we came out ready to fight. We'd followed Nate and Serena's lights from our sky-high vantage but now, on the ground and with buildings in between, they were nowhere to be seen.

I pulled my two katanas from my crisscrossing back straps and readied myself to engage.

I had never fought in the middle of a city like this before. So far my field experience had been limited to actual fields, but I was excited to see how interesting this would get.

I followed Jupiter around a corner into a darker alley, across the road and further into the bowels of the Hungarian city. We ignored the Shadows that slithered along every surface around us. We remained intent on finding Nate and Serena; engaging the Shadows was only going to slow us down. But it just didn't feel right, especially after today when I had been nearly choked to death by the world's largest Shadow colony.

As we moved through the city the sound of swords crashing together could be heard clearly over the raucous city sounds. We could see an alley way that seemed to be..... glowing, of course.

We could also hear voices shouting or arguing, even laughing at times, coming from the same alley. We immediately converged. Jupiter gripped his sword tighter, the huge long sword that was honestly a struggle for me to hold.

There they were, with Shadows covering the building walls boxing them in on three sides and confining their space. Nate and Serena stood head to head with Seth, Seven and two Fallen that I didn't recognize. The Fallen were deceptively exotic with their dark beauty and rugged features. One had chin length hair and seemed smaller than most of the other Fallen I'd seen, except for Jude. He was the skinniest man I'd ever met, yet somehow one of the most muscularly, too. One had a military style flat top that only highlighted his harsh bone structure and shining gold eyes.

They weren't fighting now, so I didn't know why we heard swords clanging before. But one of the henchmen did have a long gash down his exposed bicep. Now all weapons were held tensed at their sides and the only murdering happening was from the killer stares, and just figuratively doing the damage. When Jupiter talked to Serena earlier, they were heading out to investigate a threat. Apparently they found it.

Seth looked up when we entered the alleyway and our gazes clashed together and held. He became immediately on edge as soon as I walked into the alley.

But it wasn't Seth that spoke first.

"What are you doing here?" Seven demanded. "Where's Jude?"

I shrugged, not trusting myself enough to answer her with anything other than loud curse words and swinging swords. I rolled my wrists around my sides, moving my swords about in a smooth and relaxed way.

I remembered when these felt heavy and awkward in my hands. After countless hours of practice they were extensions of my body; they breathed with me, they bled with me, they fought with me.

"You're not here to fight," Seth specified coldly. It wasn't a question, it was a bold statement.

So out of his split personalities, I was not meeting the one that wanted to make out with me. Shoot.

"I am here to fight," I countered defiantly. Serena shot me a quick grin over her shoulder. At least she was proud of me.

"You can't," Seth argued. "It's in the contract."

That irked me more than it probably should have, but it also prompted me to say, "Sorry, I didn't sign a contract."

"Be that as it may," Seven butted in, sounding more like an adult than I had ever heard her. "The contract includes you. You're not allowed to kill any of us." She flipped her long, golden brown hair over her shoulder with the tip of her sword, somehow managing it effortlessly without cutting even a strand of hair off.

"I didn't sign the contract." I took a step forward, proving I wasn't afraid of them. "I'm not responsible to it."

"Fine, you're responsible to my brother, then." Seven rolled her eyes, back to being the child.

I shrugged again.

"I would have stopped for a pint if I knew we were just going to talk all night," Nate taunted.

"She can't fight," Seven glared us all down. "We're not allowed to engage her. How is that fair?"

"Not my problem," Serena growled. I had a sudden feeling that Serena was a huge fan of this contract. It was somewhat of an advantage.

"Alright, but what about my brother? If any of us dies at her hands, he dies at Aliah's." She crossed her arms, her hands still full of her two swords that were similar to mine, but more Samuri-ish.

"What about your brother?" Serena bit out. "From where I'm standing he looks every bit as Fallen as the rest of you."

Which was very true, but I was also hoping she was bluffing some.

"I have a solution," I gloated. Seth quirked an eyebrow at me. "We'll play man to man tonight. Seth and I can fight each other."

He let out a bark of laughter and shook his head at me. "That's hardly a fair fight."

"You're scared of me?'

"Terrified." He smirked.

"I can tell."

Seven turned to face Seth then and leaned into whisper in his ear. She reached up with one hand and held her palm caressingly against his face. The hilt of her sword sat awkwardly in her grasp with the blade extending out at an extreme angle. She looked careless and irresponsible at that angle, but her fingers moved deftly across his cheekbone, so it was hard to tell if she was in control of herself or not.

"What are we waiting for?" I asked, genuinely wondering what we were waiting for, but also in an attempt to get Seven's poison out of Seth's head.

Serena laughed a little and then teased, "I'm not sure. Everyone is so very chatty down here."

"Are you saying you don't stand around staring at each other like imbiciles off planet?" Jupiter asked dully.

"No," Nate laughed. "We do that, too."

Then Serena raised her sword and brought it gracefully but skillfully down, slashing a line of destruction against the stone wall next to her. Shadows dissipated immediately at the contact and her ominous battle cry called us all to attention. And in a half a second we were engaged.

The Shadows swarmed around us like a tornado of death. The force of our Lights burned through the darkness, illuminating everything into a blinding shade of white. Our swords clashed through the brilliancy; the silver seeming dull against the pure color of raw Light.

And on the opposite side of the spectrum, the Fallen fought with their black auras that sucked our Light into their black hole of evil. Shadows fought alongside them, moving effortlessly- and able to stay out of the path of a flinging sword but still weave around the Light in an effort to cause pain. Seven was the only Fallen to still fight with her Light fully intact. She glowed brighter than even me. And for as crazy as she was, she fought with staggering talent.

But then so did Seth, so maybe it was a genetic thing.

Jupiter was the only one to escape letting off some kind of color effect. Except for his eyes. The dull red world-weary and exhausted eyes were now sparking a brilliant red. He could have been a vampire from the Twilight movies. I had the strongest urge to suggest a vegetarian diet.

But I refrained.

Mostly, because I was fighting for my life.

Jupiter stayed skillfully close to the Fallen and out of the burning rays of our Light. He was more resilient to the heat and power than humans, but we could easily still burn him. The mixture of Light and Dark mixed together to make a conducive atmosphere for his battle skills.

I hadn't initially engaged with Seth, although that was the plan. But because of how quickly Serena initiated the fight and how we were standing, I was paired with one of the Fallen I hadn't met before.

And damn, he was good.

I matched each of his blows with my two beloved katanas. These weren't the practice swords I used with Jupiter; these weapons could cause some serious damage.

If only I could quit playing defense and get one of my own hits in.

"Play nice," I mocked him. "Pretty sure your friend over there will cut your head off himself if you hurt me."

The man leered at me. "But it would be worth it."

He swung around with his broadsword- or whatever it was. It was heavy and made from some kind of metal not native to Earth. I heard a faint accent in his voice when he spoke.

He was old.

Bummer.

Warriors seemed to get stronger with age. And he was already kicking my ass in the brute force department. I had fifteen months before I received the fullness of my strength and while I was currently much stronger than the average human, I wasn't exactly measuring up to Hulk Hogan standards when fighting my own kind.

It was in stupid moments like these where I understood Seth's decision. I didn't like it or agree with it, but I could understand it.

The good thing about the zealot giant I was fighting was that he wasn't exactly a refined fighter. He relied too heavily on his brute strength and didn't pay enough attention to his foot work or smaller movements.

I whispered a prayer of thanksgiving for Jupiter's anal, over-the-top training and slid under one of his crashing blows using part instinct, part years of volleyball training. I looked like I was getting ready to dive low for a hard hit.

When I came to standing again I was at the Fallen's back, my swords waiting to cross his neck like chopsticks with a difficult piece of broccoli. I was eerily resolved to cutting his head off, the only true way to kill a Warrior or Star. My blades pricked his skin to let him know I was there and give him an idea of what I intended to do. I would have to pull my swords back to give my body some momentum to cut all the way through his neck, but I had this really practiced, dramatic speech to give first.

It was my first Fallen kill after all.

He stilled under the touch of my blades, knowing he was caught. A string of curse words flew out of his mouth, realizing he wasn't just facing death, but death by a Starling at that.

I was embarrassed for him.

And then I was flying through the air, but not by my own free will. I smashed into a stone wall. Bits of rock flew everywhere and Shadows scurried out of the rays of my Light. I had a sword to my throat, just the tip of a curved sword that looked like it belonged to a pirate.

"Ah, ah, ah," Seth taunted. "You'll make me jealous if you keep this up."

My swords dangled limply at my sides. I knew he wouldn't hurt me. I knew that. But his eyes were so lifeless and cold that I needed to remind myself of that, on a loop that ran constantly in my head.

Trying to play the wounded girlfriend card I said, "I was just trying to get your attention."

"You have it." He stepped forward and let his sword fall to my waist. The point dragged across my t-shirt, snagging it before jumping down to the next catch in the fabric.

"We could get out of here?" I smirked at him. I had no idea what I was doing, but he seemed to respond to physical touch last time we were together.

"Are you trying to seduce me?" He laughed, but he sounded gentler.

"Is it working?" I deflected because it was kind of depressing that Seth found my efforts humorous.

"More than you realize." He took another step forward and this time his sword dropped to his side too. We were close again, his chest heaving against mine. "I don't know how to control this," he whispered.

My battered heart plummeted to my stomach and I forgot how to breathe for a moment. "Why did you do this?"

Something like pain flashed in those dead eyes and his jaw ticked before he answered me, "So we could be together."

"But will you come back to me?"

He was silent for so long, while a battle raged around us, and Shadows slithered along the wall near my head, that I thought I had lost him to the hundreds of distractions that called for his attention. Finally, he growled in a voice so low and hoarse I could barely understand him, "Hold on to me, Stella, so that I don't have to come back to you. Hold on to me so that I never leave you."

My soul splintered into a million pieces and tears pricked at my eyes. He displayed a dichotomy of extremes- on one side he was this vulnerable, broken man that I loved, and on the other he was quickly becoming a ruthless killer that wouldn't recognize me anymore.

I felt myself nodding and all I wanted to do was finally confess how much I loved him, how desperately I was in love with him.

How I chose him.

But it was too late. I had chosen too late.

"Seth!" Seven called out. "We're done here."

Seth's eyes took on more emotion than I had seen since before he joined the dark side and he let his free hand trail a line up my forearm. I shivered under the tenderness of his touch before he leaned in and pressed the briefest kiss to my lips. My eyes fluttered closed on instinct. Our contact was short and feather light but I breathed in the hot warmth of his soft lips for as long as I could. After only a second I opened my eyes but he was gone.

He had disappeared back into the night that he'd come out of.

I looked over at Serena and Nate who were standing there a little battered and a lot bloody. Jupiter was leaning over the dead body of the only Fallen I hadn't dealt with tonight. His body lay at an awkward angle and his head had rolled a little ways off to the side.

It was pretty gross. But it made me breathe a little easier knowing at least one of them died tonight.

Serena looked at me and let out a whoosh of disbelief. Finally she said, "Out of everything that happened tonight, that wins the award for Most Tense Moment." She shot me a sympathetic smile and I realized that she was referring to Seth and me.

"Is that why they left?" I ignored her insinuation and nodded at the dead body.

"No," Nate shook his head. "You're why they left. I don't know how you're going to manage it, Stella. But if anyone can bring Seth back, it's you."

If only I could be that confident.

Chapter Fourteen

A week later I was still reeling from my confrontation with Seth. I hadn't seen him since, but I definitely had not stopped thinking about him. I couldn't get the desperation of his words out of my head or the isolated indifference of his eyes flashing at me every time I closed mine.

It was like he was this shell of a being and I didn't know which side of him to accept. Trust the words that I wanted to believe? Or the eyes that told me everything he uttered was a complete lie.

But always I would go back to those moments before he disappeared, to when he asked me, made me promise, not to give up on him.

He knew what he was doing then and how it would change him. But he had believed that whatever we had was stronger than all that.

And I hadn't even told him I loved him.

But even without saying the words out loud, they were true.

Tristan and I had been spending a large amount of time together, just like we used to. I had scaled back with him when Seth started having such a huge issue with him. But we didn't have that barrier anymore.

Except it wasn't like it was before. I wondered if Tristan really had only been infatuated with me because of Seth, like his turf was being threatened or something. Now that I was technically a free, er, free-ish woman, I wasn't as exciting anymore?

I didn't know.

But with all my recent developments in the feelings department for Seth I had to assume this was a good thing. Life seemed less complicated at the same time it was infinitely more so.

And then there was Jude. The bane of my existence. He was miserable and intrusive. And always there.

Always.

Like right now, while I was trying to eat lunch, he was hovering. "What?" I finally shrieked in irritation.

"Just making sure you don't choke," he smirked. "You're taking really big bites. Are you starving? Do you have a tape worm? Why are you eating like that?"

"Oh, my gosh," I hissed. I felt my face start to glow from embarrassment and I stamped the instinct down- way down. "I'm hungry, geez."

"No, I'm hungry," Jude commented dramatically. "You're trying to gain ten pounds before the bell rings."

"I'm going to kill you," I growled. My face was getting harder to control. We were surrounded by a lunch room so full that I would not be able to explain my glow worm talents to. Why was he egging me on?

"You don't mean that," he grinned.

"I do," I assured him. "I mean that. Just wait until I'm eighteen."

"Stella, if we both make it until you're eighteen, I'll hand you the sword."

He said it so candidly, so loudly that I snapped my head around and gave him my full attention, quietly asking him to explain. "Why do you say that?"

Jude finally gained some sense, and looked around at the table of my friends pretending not to listen to us. He leaned in to me with his minty-cigarette scent and asked in a quiet voice, "Want to go outside with me?" He pulled out his pack of cigarettes and tapped them against the heel of his hand.

I sighed. "I guess." He did seem to be the chattiest while he was smoking. I didn't understand it, but I put up with it for my occasional answers.

I avoided the questioning stares from Piper and Tristan and silently got up and followed Jude out the door, tossing my trash on the way. I slipped out of the cafeteria hopefully unseen, as I didn't really want to be connected with Jude. The entire student body knew why he was leaving early and I had a feeling the teachers were starting to catch on.

Sure, kids smoked at parties and on the weekends. But this was a school filled mostly with athletes. Jude's chain-smoking habit was literally unheard of in this environment.

He pushed the outside door open; we stepped into a beautiful spring day. The wind was strong and cool, but the sun was brazen and hot, standing unapologetically in the sky. I tilted my head up, basking in the warmth on my face, after enduring the chill that came with our nearly windowless school building. I wondered how Jude felt about the sun. Jupiter's stories about Jude's youth came back to me and I suddenly couldn't get them out of my head. What kind of kid could survive a lifetime of Darkness?

What kind of child could live without ever knowing the Light?

Jude leaned back against his favorite oak tree, in full view of the school building and anyone walking by and pulled out a cigarette.

"Got a light?" He teased, waggling his eyebrows at me.

"I'm not supporting that habit," I replied primly. I felt like a prude. And then I hated that I was embarrassed by that. What was wrong with following rules and having a quality of conduct standard? Nothing. And I had never felt bad about it until Jude showed up.

"Why?" he chuckled. "Afraid it will kill me?"

I rolled my eyes. No, it wouldn't kill him. It probably wouldn't even seriously bother him before his supernatural internal organs already started to heal from it.

So I crossed my arms showing off how uncomfortable I was to be around him alone and nodded. "Yes," I agreed just to be contrary.

"You're worried about me?" he asked again, only this time there was actual curiosity in his voice.

In response I let out an exasperated sigh and rolled my eyes. "Why do you think we're both going to die before I'm eighteen?' My voice was quiet and broken, completely giving away my fear. It was frustrating, but the questions were necessary.

"I don't want to talk about that," he shrugged and inhaled deeply. The smoke escaped his mouth in a long stream of white. He seemed casual, but his tone was callous.

"Then why did I come out here with you?" I demanded.

"To keep me company?"

I laughed before I could stop myself. "Who are you, Jude Michaels? How did you, of all people, get roped into this contract?"

He looked at me through the haze of smoke and let out a slow breath. "Obviously, I'm the right age for high school." There were such strong tones of bitterness in his voice, I actually took a step back.

"Is that the only reason?"

He let out a dark chuckle, "You're not seriously trying to psycho-analyze me are you?"

"Don't be a bastard," I shot back quickly. I was really annoyed by his deflection, more so than usual.

"Such a mouth," he tsked. His eyes invariably fell to the subject in question, and lingered there. I shuddered from the vulnerable nak*dness I felt when he looked at me like that. My stomach was queasy; I didn't know whether to run away or slap him.

"You don't know me, Jude," I reminded him.

"And you don't know me, Stella," he countered with his cold eyes meeting mine again.

With that lovely conversation finisher, I turned around and stomped back inside. He was infuriating. He was constantly crowding me, but the minute I tried to make our situation anything but wretched, he turned into the evil overlord I knew he was.

Tristan was on the other side of the door, waiting for me. "Hey."

"Hey," I sighed.

"Everything alright?" His bright green eyes were pinched with concern.

"Yeah, it's fine. Jude was just.... I don't know, I thought he was going to give me some answers about Seth, but he was just playing games, I guess."

"He's kind of an a**hole, right?"

I laughed. "Right."

Tristan's expression became more serious and I thought he was going to warn me about Jude- again; but he had something else entirely on his mind. "Hey, so I know we have practice after school, but I was wondering, if maybe, you wanted to have dinner with my family tonight? They haven't seen you in a while."

That was true, they hadn't. And a night at Tristan's house actually sounded amazing.

"That sounds great," I agreed quickly.

"You don't have training or anything?" his voice dropped to a whisper.

Matching his tone I explained, "No, the missions I've been going on with Nate and Serena have taken the place of training. And besides, I can always meet up with them after, if they need me."

Tristan's jaw tightened and his neck muscles were suddenly bulging, but he nodded. "Well, I'll let my mom now you're coming then."

"K."

And then we parted ways.... awkwardly. I decided I wanted to talk to him about that tonight. There was a time in my life, not that long ago, where Tristan was my epicenter, where my entire world revolved around him and our relationship.

It just wasn't like that anymore. And I didn't know why. Maybe it was as simple as we were growing apart. Maybe it was more complex and I'd somehow jilted him by falling accidentally in love with Seth- the boy I couldn't have anymore.

Maybe it was all him.

I wasn't sure, but I needed to find out.

----

"Stella!" Tristan's mom, Allison, greeted me as soon as I walked in the door. "It has been too long! Where have you been?"

I smiled under her over the top affection and greeted her with a hug. She squeezed me tightly to her and then kept her arm around me as she walked me inside her house.

Tristan's house was a huge farmhouse that was done completely in comfort and easiness. I loved it over here. It was basically my second home. It always smelled like baking or delicious homemade somethings. It was crazy loud- all the time. And it was consistently messy.

Allison was a stay at home mom. But even with two boys already off to college she had a hard time keeping up with everyone. Tristan was the third child with two older brothers and three siblings younger, two brothers, one sister. And their names all start with a t and an r: Trader, Trenton, Tristan, Trevor, Troy and Truman.

The crazy thing was that Allison kept talking about wanting another baby.

Being an only child, and coming from a culture that rarely had more than one child per family, that was insanity to me. But it somehow worked for the Shields. And even in the chaos of their rowdy household, there was such a feeling of peace and acceptance that it was hard not to fall in love with all of them.

Tristan's dad stepped out of his office and offered me a huge, welcoming smile. He was exactly what Tristan would look like one day- tall, athletic, dark, almost black hair kept short and manageable, with piercing green eyes that seemed to see deeper than surface level.

Allison didn't let me get waylaid with his greeting though, she kept pulling me toward the kitchen where she was determined she would teach me how to cook. I promised her there was a defect in my genetic code, but she kept dismissing that as an excuse.

Allison and Brian were high school sweethearts that actually graduated from Mead. They both went off to college at the University of Lincoln, got married right out of college, and then moved back home to farm and raise their family. They were the poster children for small town living and they had quiet expectations that their children would all follow a similar path. They weren't pushy about it, but anyone who knew the Shields could tell.

Trader and Trent had gone off to UNL on football scholarships without even questioning the family manifesto. But Tristan was having doubts, and I didn't blame him there. It was easy to blame his parents for putting too much pressure on him to be like them, but as soon as I would walk into their house, I always questioned my disappointment with their confined expectations for their kids. This seemed so perfect to me, living like this, with homemade delicious dinners and all of my children crowding around a happy table. It was so idyllic. I had a hard time taking Tristan's side when I compared it to my own, very empty future.

Even if Seth and I survived this current predicament, I would most likely live out my days childless. I was the Protector of Earth. Where other Stars could take a sabbatical off the battlefield for a few years to raise a child, I didn't have that luxury. Serena was filling in now, but when I had all my powers, I was expected to do this job full time.

And there would be no warm house or full table to sit down to. I would be spending the rest of my life in hiding. With or without Seth, it was going to be a lonely life.

I hadn't really thought how lonely until now.

One day I would have to give up Tristan and his crazy family. One day I'd have to walk away from these beautiful people to keep them safe. And away from Piper. And my parents.

I'd already lost Seth- for now.

But seriously, how much more would I have to give up in order to do my job properly?

And in the end would I feel like I'd lost my soul too?

I shook my head and tuned back into Allison who was asking me to whisk her gravy. She must have had a very long day. While there were things where she demanded my help, her famous gravy was not typically one of them.

But then she disappeared.

I watched her retreating back sprint up the staircase; my mouth dropped open. I looked from the stairs to the gravy, back to the stairs and back to the gravy.

"How did this happen to me?" I demanded to the empty kitchen.

"You have got to learn to put your foot down, Stel," Tristan chided me from the doorway. He had already showered and changed clothes. "She is going to continue to walk all over you until you stand up for yourself."

"Easy for you to say; she's your mom. I can't stand up to her. I'm not physically capable." I inhaled his freshly showered smell and tingles erupted in the lower part of my belly.

It was nice of him to invite me over for dinner; but seriously, couldn't we have suffered through our sweaty practice clothes and dinner together?

Those thoughts fled my mind as soon as I turned around to face him. His jeans were slung low on his waist and his t-shirt seemed just a teensy bit too small, but somehow he still made it work. More than work. Probably it was his flat stomach and unfair six pack. His shortly buzzed hair was still glistening with water remnants and he was barefoot.

All that combined together made the most delicious picture of him I'd ever seen; I was even more confused with what to do.

What was it about boys and being barefoot that got to me?

Possibly, I had a weird foot fetish.

"Need help?" he offered.

"Yep," I grinned at him. When he walked over to see why, I handed him the metal whisk, slapped him on the back and shot him a wink. "I'm hoping you have better luck than me."

Then I disappeared back to the long table in the center of the room that somehow fit eight to ten people at it, depending on the night, and which of her children's friends Allison had invited over to dinner.

I picked a crouton out of the salad bowl and watched Tristan work his gravy magic. Tristan half-turned around to talk to me while he whisked away at the gloppy mess I'd managed to make in under fifteen seconds. But Truman walked through the door before he got a chance to say anything.

I smiled at Tru and waved at her to sit down. She was gorgeous in her ten-year-old glory. Her hair was cut in a short bob that framed her cute face, and her eyes were a bright blue that matched her mom's shade more than her dad's. Her nose was also a replica of her mom, which was good for her because a Shields man had a very prominent nose that would have done her delicate face a complete injustice. And she had the prettiest full lips I'd ever seen.

Tristan had the same ones.

"Stella!" She squealed at me.

"Tru!" I squealed back. I stood up and pulled her into a warm hug. Immediately I felt hot all over with affection. I loved this girl. And no matter what weirdness was happening outside my world, I didn't want to neglect the people I cared about. I pulled her into a chair next to mine and then demanded, "Alright, give me all the gossip. What's happening in the fourth grade?"

She rolled her eyes at me. "I'd much rather hear about the gossip in the eleventh grade."

Pretending innocence, I looked shocked and said, "But there isn't any gossip in the eleventh grade! We're much too mature for that."

Tristan snorted and Truman giggled. "That's not what I heard," she said with attitude.

"Oh no," I groaned. "What have you heard?"

Allison walked in at that moment. She'd run a brush through her light brown hair and put on a little makeup. She'd also changed her shirt. She looked like a new woman. I was really impressed.

"Stella, I wanted you to make the gravy!" she whined when she saw her son hard at work and alone over the stove.

"Shh," I shushed her on a laugh. "Truman's about to spill all the good gossip."

"Ooh," Allison cooed. "I want to hear." She slid into a chair across the table and propped her

chin in both hands and waited patiently for Truman to begin.

Gossip was definitely the favorite pastime of every single inhabitant of our six-hundred population town. We developed a thirst for it young, and it grew to be almost an obsession by the time you were popping out babies and tending to the house. Truman was on the cusp of middle school, just learning how fun it could be to sit around with your girlfriends and dish details. As long as it wasn't done maliciously, it was also something her mom fully promoted and grilled her on every night. I couldn't help but get into the excitement of it over here. My mom wasn't exactly the gossiping kind, but I'd still picked up the bad habit. Allison and Truman were my fix.

Loving the attention, Truman began, "Well, word is there's trouble in paradise with Piper

Cassidy and Lincoln Chase." This was a big piece for Truman; I wondered how she had heard about it before me.

Allison gasped with the perfect amount of outrage, "Why? They're so cute together."

"I don't know," Tru shrugged. "All I know is that they are not a very happy couple. Or that's what Becca Henry says anyway."

Bree's little sister. I should have known! But why did Bree know more than me?

"It's probably because she's such a b-b- bee sting," Tristan commentated from the stove. His mother shot him a drilling glare before she returned her attention to Truman.

But Tru was looking at Tristan. "Why would you call her a bee sting? I think she's nice."

I rolled my eyes at Tristan's creativity and stuck up for my other best friend, "She is nice. She's my best friend. My real best friend." I winked at Tru again and she giggled.

Tristan snorted again.

"Then you tell us what's happening with Lincoln and her," Allison pressed. Her eyes lit up with expectation and I felt the sting of disappointment hit my stomach.

"I have no idea what's going on," I admitted. "Last I knew they were happy. This is a surprise to me."

"Well, maybe it's not true then," Allison offered sweetly.

"Maybe. Tristan, have you heard anything?"

"Oh yeah," he groaned. "Lincoln's calls me every night and talks to me for hours about it."

Ok, sarcastic much?

We ignored him after that.

Allison looked at me for one more moment with narrowed eyes and pursed lips before turning back to Tru. "Tell us what else!" Then she looked at me, "She won't talk like this unless you're here. Usually she just tells me to go away."

Tru blushed a pretty shade of red and so did Allison. Because even though she was trying to make it a joke, I could tell it was really bothering her that her ten year old wouldn't open up to her anymore.

I tried to help out a little by saying, "Tru, you have to tell your mom the gossip! That's like the number one rule of sharing. I tell my mom the gossip all the time."

"Really?" she asked a little disbelievingly.

"Really," I nodded. "Only my mom never knows anything about what I'm talking about. You're so lucky that you have a mom who already knows who everybody is and will understand what you're talking about."

Truman smiled at me a little wickedly; I just hoped that worked. It was definitely important to share the gossip with her mom, just in case anything weird was going on at school. This way would ensure that Allison would be kept up to speed, for at least another year. Then it was up to Allison; I was out.

"Ok, what else?" I demanded, smacking my hand on the table forcefully.

She turned a deeper shade of red and avoided my gaze.

Oh no.

"Tell me!" I coaxed with a nonthreatening smile on my face.

"Well, there was this one rumor that your boyfriend ran away from home, and joined some kind of gang. And now you're going off the deep end and hanging out with kids who smoke, and that you're skipping school and stuff." She said it in a rush of breathlessness and I almost smiled.

Almost.

"What?" I gasped. Tristan burst into laughter at the stove. "Gah! When gossip comes back to bite you in the.... eye!" I edited for Truman's benefit.

"Stella, you have a boyfriend?" Allison sounded outraged. I wasn't sure if it was because she was mad that I hadn't told her, or that I would dare date someone other than Tristan.

"No!" I quickly assured her. "There was a boy that was kind of interested in me, but he.... moved away."

"Oh," she sat back in her chair clearly relieved.

"We were never official though." I reinforced that whole point one more time, lest Brian come in and get in on this action too. "And I'm not skipping school. I was sick for a few days, but I never intentionally skipped class."

Allison's brow smoothed out and then she pinned me with a, "What about hanging out with kids that smoke?"

"There's one boy that smokes," I clarified. "And I don't so much as hang out with him as I can't get away from him. He follows me around."

"Like a dog," Tristan grumbled. And then he announced, "Gravy's done!"

The kitchen became a flurry of movement as Troy and Trevor seemed to appear from thin air; Truman ran off to find Brian, and Tristan and his mom brought all the food over and set it strategically in between the mass of place settings. Then came the scramble for a chair to sit in, which was a lot like musical chairs, except there were enough for everyone, and the object was more about getting to sit by who you wanted to and avoiding sitting by a parent.

Dinner went the same way. There was lots of shouting conversations and laughter. It felt so nice to be surrounded by Tristan and his family again. There was just such palpable warmth in this family that I wanted to soak it all up and keep it with me forever.

After dinner Allison shooed her younger kids away to go do homework and made me promise to come back on Sunday for their big family dinner. I was feeling absolutely content after the delicious meal and the happy conversation, that I immediately agreed.

"Oh, Tristan, before Stella goes home, why don't you go show her the basement," Allison suggested coyly.

This was her attempt to get us alone. I held the secret belief that she thought if she could put us together in enough dark, isolated places, we would accidentally fall into each other and start making out.

Ok, it had almost happened several times, so she wasn't far off base. But it was funny coming from his mom.

"Do you want to see our basement?" Tristan asked me with an amused eyebrow raise.

"More than anything," I smiled back.

He turned back to roll his eyes at his mom, but then took my hand and led me toward the downstairs.

I reminded myself that this was good news. I wanted to be alone with him. I wanted to talk to him. I just had to find the courage to want to hear the answers to all my questions.

Chapter Fifteen

"Sorry, the light switch doesn't work at the top of the stairs," Tristan apologized and then clutched my hand tighter.

I clasped his hand to my stomach and stayed as close to him as I could get, given that he was walking down the wide, long staircase ahead of me.

"You're doing this on purpose," I accused while squeezing all the blood from his hand.

"Doing what on purpose?" His voice was so sarcastic I could have punched him. "Using your irrational fear of basements to get your hands all over my body?"

I laughed despite myself, "Yes, that."

On the bottom step Tristan turned around to stop me. He let go of my hand to grip my waist and groped blindly for the light switch on the wall. I stood above him so I hovered over him just a little, and when I looked down at him, my ponytail flopped over and whipped him in the face.

"Sorry," I snickered.

"You sound very sorry," he countered. His voice was low and thoughtful. We were half hidden from each other because of the darkness and I kind of liked it that way. Putting aside my freakish fear of basements, this moment felt like the first real moment we had shared in a long time.

I could admit now that something was growing between us. I didn't know if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Maybe I wanted to be able to give myself completely to Seth and not have to worry about being in love with two people. Or maybe I was fighting what was between Seth and me for a reason.

Except these days my struggle to hold back my love from Seth was a losing battle. It just took him leaving for me to realize that.

Which I think made me a terrible person.

Tristan finally found the light switch and flicked it on. We were suddenly bathed in light from nak*d bulbs that hung down in strategic places all over the exposed basement. The basement was a disaster. The floor was ripped up leaving the cold concrete exposed; some of the old walls had been ripped down, leaving big gaps in the layout. There were different kinds of wood stacked against one of the walls, and a new sliding glass door set still wrapped along another.

"You guys are redoing your basement?" I concluded. "Very cool."

"Yes, it's amazing." Tristan didn't sound impressed. "I don't think my mom really intended for me to show you the new tile we're laying this weekend."

"You only think that because you don't know how much tile turns me on." I was shamelessly flirting with him; but this felt so close to our normal that I wanted to grab hold of it and never let go.

Tristan cleared his throat nervously, grabbed both of my hands and led me off the staircase. He walked backwards through a path cleared for the workmen, whom I assumed was actually Tristan, his brothers and dad, and to a corner of the basement not yet touched. The remaining room, with its drywall still intact and door still on functioning hinges housed all the furniture that had been down here prior to the remodel. A huge pool table sat in the middle of the space, with an assortment of couches and recliners closely surrounding it.

The Shield's had more La-Z-y Boys than any family I'd ever heard of. With five boys and one dad, they seemed to be always in need of a functioning recliner.

It was a phenomenon I failed to grasp, but I didn't know if it was because I wasn't human or because I was female.

Tristan flipped another light switch and led me to a comfortable red couch we used to watch movies on, when the TV wasn't shoved into a corner and actually hooked up to electrical outlets.

We sat down with several inches separating us and then turned toward each other. We both brought a knee up so now they grazed against each other. Tristan jerked at the contact like I surprised him, he stared down at my bare knee like it had the answers to his unasked questions.

I looked down at my legs, too; I looked so silly. I was fresh from soccer practice, so my running shorts and homecoming t-shirt from last year, that was one size too small but seemed to fit Ok, with a sports' bra on was not doing me any favors. My head was dried sweat, still half wet and the other half was stiff grossness until the ponytail at which point it stopped being damp and just turned angry. And my shins and feet still showed the indents of my shin guards and knee high socks.

Plus, I could not be smelling all that great right now.

"Your mom is so trusting." I shook my head and smiled at Tristan. "Isn't she worried about a teen pregnancy?"

"I think she secretly wants one." Tristan's eyes grew a bit wide and unfocused. "She's been hinting to my dad that she wants another baby and he's been hinting back that he's never giving her another child again. And then Trader brought home a girl last weekend and she basically offered to get us all out of the house so they could be alone. It's embarrassing. She just wants a baby in this house. I think she's willing to do anything to get it."

"Your family is so crazy," I laughed at him. "But I love it here. My house is always so quiet and boring."

"Your house is boring?" he rolled his eyes. "Seems like plenty goes on there that is definitely not boring."

"Sure, but you know, after the saving the world stuff, it's just.... silent."

"I could use some silence," Tristan sighed. He laid his head on the back of the couch and looked up at the ceiling.

So I let him have it. We sat there, lost in our own thoughts for several minutes. That was what I loved about Tristan- we could just exist around each other and it was the most peaceful experience.

Finally he let his head fall to the side so he could look at me. I met his emerald gaze and waited for him to say whatever was on his mind.

After a few more moments of internal deliberation he said, "It was stupid of me to ask you out. I should know better."

"What does that mean?" I tried not to be offended by his words. I could tell by his tone he wasn't trying to pick a fight with me.

"I mean I should have known that was asking you too much. I know I don't act like it but I do get this whole thing with Seth. I get that you can't pick me or I don't know what. I just know that I'm not an option. But Stella, my feelings for you haven't stopped." He laughed a little self-deprecatingly at himself and then said, "Actually I think they get stronger every day I'm with you."

"You've been a little distant lately, I didn't know what to think." I stared down at my hands and tried not to smile too big while a warm deliciousness spread through my body, unfurling inside me with each one of his words.

"That thing with Seth, I was pretty ashamed of my behavior. And not just because of what happened with him but how I was with you before that. I didn't mean to come of like such a dick, I just.... It's like every day you're with him I lose you more and more. I'm terrified of that and of the day you're finally all his. It feels like I have to hold onto you as tightly as I can now, so that when the day comes and you're his, I at least have these memories." He took my hands in his and pulled them on his lap. I scooted closer to him so that my legs pressed against his. I knew exactly what he meant. I lifted my gaze to meet his and he continued, "I pulled away hoping that I could save some of myself, you know? Hoping there would be some of myself left when you finally leave me."

"This is self-preservation?" I asked with a small smile.

"I watched it happen," he sighed.

"Watched what happen?"

"I watched you fall in love with him," Tristan whispered. His green eyes were dull with sadness and his lips pressed into a frustrated frown. "It was one thing to compete with your destiny when you didn't have feelings for him. But, now, I don't know, I guess I'm not sure where we stand. Where.... I stand."

I wanted to reassure him that his fears and concerns weren't true. Especially now that Seth was gone. But what could I say? He was right.

"So we're just.... over?" I finally found the courage to whisper.

He smiled sadly at me. "I wish it were that simple."

I pressed my lips together and held my breath. I should take this opportunity and cut out any hope that Tristan would have for us. If anything my future love life was bleak and at best it was obnoxiously complicated. I didn't want to give Tristan hope where there wasn't any. I didn't even have a sliver of faith for Seth, how could I possibly have any expectations for Tristan?

"I can't.... I'm not strong enough to walk away from you." He confessed this like he was ashamed of himself and I felt my chest cavity crack open. This was unfair to him.

I flopped my body over and laid my head against him. "I'm sorry." And I truly meant that.

He wrapped his arm around my waist and held me against him. "I've been trying to hold back. I wanted to give you some space. I know this has been.... difficult for you and then with Seth leaving. I wasn't even sure if you realized you were in love with him yet. I don't want to pressure you into anything."

"Thank you," I murmured because it was the only thing I could think to say. "I don't feel pressured. You don't have to worry about that."

"I do have to worry about that," Tristan mumbled. "Especially now that the other guy is temporarily out of the picture."

"Do you really think it's only temporary? I feel like he's gone forever."

"But that's only because you don't understand what he has to come back to." His words were so serious and flattering that I couldn't breathe.

It was wrong of me to ask Tristan to comfort me about Seth walking away. I knew that. And he knew that.

But I couldn't stop his words from sparking hope in my soul. Which meant what? That what I was doing with Tristan was wrong. But how did I stop? How did I walk away from Seth when that meant death for him? But how did I hang onto Tristan when we had no future?

"This is complicated," I groaned.

"Mmm-hmmm," he agreed. His nose skimmed the back of my head and nuzzled a little against my neck. "But it has its good moments."

I smiled, "Sometimes it has great moments."

"So you're Ok with me still being in love with you?"

I whirled around and caught his impish grin. "You're not supposed to say that."

I slapped his chest to make sure he knew I meant business, but he grabbed my wrist and tugged me across his lap. I was now straddling him on my knees.

"I'm not supposed to say that," he agreed, with his voice all low and teasing. "I apologize."

My breath hitched when his fingers trailed up my sides with the lightest touches. I shook my head at him and tried to act cool. Even though I wasn't. Even though I was boiling inside and my skin had started to glow.

"I smell awful."

"Yep."

"And I look all sweaty and dirty."

"Definitely."

His hands grabbed firmly to my waist and he tugged me forward so that my stomach pressed against his chest. His hands slid to my lower back and held me in place. I slid my hands over his shortly buzzed hair, loving the feel of it under my fingers.

"This does it for you?" I giggled.

"It's you, Stella. It doesn't matter if you're fresh from practice, or spent hours getting ready. It doesn't matter how I get you, you are always beautiful to me. You will always be beautiful to me."

I blushed at his compliment which really meant I started glowing brighter. My skin became feverishly hot and I breathed through my nose to calm down so I wouldn't burn him.

"And it's even better when you do this." He ran a hand up my shimmering forearm.

"You know I love you too," I whispered, feeling swept away with this moment.

"I know you do." He bent forward and placed a kiss on my collarbone. I shivered at the contact. "But don't promise me anything."

His words cut at my elated mood. I knew what he was saying. I didn't blame him. I didn't have any promises to give him. I was too confused.

Tristan looked up at me with his hopeful green eyes and held my gaze. His hand was running back and forth across my heated forearm and eventually he reached for my wrist and brought it to his lips to press just the sweetest kiss to the inside. "I know you've got a lot going on right now, Stella, but I was wondering if you would go to prom with me."

I couldn't stop the smile from spreading across my face. My mood was restored and my heart soared at his question. This was the first time Tristan had ever asked me to a dance before. We had always been so firmly platonic. And I had thought I was Ok with that- that I was Ok with him taking countless random dates instead of me.

But this moment proved how long I had been waiting for him to ask me. I had been secretly hoping to be his date since junior high. And he hadn't just asked me to any dance.

He asked me to prom!

Ah!

"Yes," I beamed at him. "Yes, I'll go to prom with you."

He grinned up at me with bright eyes. "Good."

"Good," I echoed.

And then I squealed when he suddenly bounced me off his lap and onto the couch. I landed on my back with him looming over me. He was standing. Apparently our romantic moment was over.

"What-"

"You should probably go," Tristan smiled down at me with soft eyes but he was serious.

"I thought we were having a moment!" I complained.

"We were," he agreed. I slowly sat up and glared at him. "And now I want to ravish you, so it's time to go. You agreed to go to prom with me and I'm not going to mess that up by acting like a horny twelve year old."

"But you are a horny twelve year old," I pointed out while I was secretly excited by his words.

He just grinned at me and waited for me to join him at the door.

"I've never seen you this excited about a dance before."

"Because I've never gotten to go to a dance with the girl I wanted before."

"That's your own fault," I grumbled.

"Be that as it may, Stella Day, I am fixing that now."

I was melting with every one of his sweet sentiments. I stopped suddenly as I was passing him in the doorway and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. I caught him off guard, but he recovered when I turned around, and he smacked me on the butt.

"Gosh, you're such a brat," I hissed.

"But you still love me." He was so smug.

"I wouldn't be too sure about that."

"Oh, but I am. You told me. I heard you." He was messing around, but he was adorable. And he was right. I did love him.

I said goodbye to Tristan and his family and drove home. We lived only fifteen minutes from each other and with the days getting longer and the nice weather, it was an enjoyably drive home. I was floating after an evening with Tristan's family and him. I was so worried about where we were going and what was happening to our relationship. And it was made worse because I felt like I couldn't fight for us- like I didn't have that right. I was supposed to be with somebody else, and if Tristan was done with me then it was my obligation to him to let him go. But I didn't want him to. Even with Seth and how crazy our relationship had become, I wasn't ready to give up Tristan yet.

I skipped my homework, said goodnight to my parents and went upstairs to shower. My bathroom was just outside my room in the hall; it was the only one upstairs apart from my parent's master bathroom. But the only person I ever had to share my bathroom with was Annabelle when she stayed with me.

It was usually a mess.

I showered off the sweat and grime from practice, and did the obligatory shaving thing. When I was on Earth my body acted just like any other human, and hair growth was a part of that. If I would have lived my life as the Star like the rest of my race, I wouldn't ever have to shave, or eat or worry about muscle tone.

But that wasn't my life. That would never be my life.

I brushed out my long blonde hair that seemed so much darker when it was wet. I proceeded to brush my teeth and floss. That was it, my entire bedtime routine.

I decided to braid my hair over my shoulder so it would be pretty-ish tomorrow instead of frizzy from sleeping on it while it was wet. That added an extra minute.

There was no other reason to put off going to bed other than I felt guilty for not doing my homework. I still wasn't going to do it.... but it made going to bed feel abnormally early. It didn't help that I had been out the last five nights in a row with Nate and Serena. My sleep schedule was all messed up.

I turned the light off in the bathroom and walked into my bedroom when I nearly came out of my skin. Seth was in my room.

Seth was on my bed.

He was sitting on the edge of it, with his hands on his knees, staring at the messy floor like it was the most interesting thing he'd ever seen. His golden brown hair was disheveled and looked well pulled at. His skin was still tanned but lacked any sign of Light. And his jaw was rigid with tension.

He was beautiful, but broken.

He was like the statue of David, perfectly carved and chiseled, but lifeless.

My soul fell apart at the sight of him. Some trampled instinct whispered I should have a weapon nearby, but I ignored it. This was Seth. And he'd only been gone for three weeks.

I closed the door behind me and then leaned back against it. Slowly, and with great reluctance, he finally lifted his eyes to mine.

Our gazes crashed together and all of the air was stolen from my lungs. He was so fierce, purely warrior and raw with intensity.

I knew I should feel fear, that I should be terrified of this version of him. But I couldn't find that emotion anywhere. All I felt was a love so strong, so severe, so consuming that it seemed to spark all over my body like a living, breathing part of me.

His eyes were the same honey-colored light they always had been, even if they were hard now, hard and distant.

He didn't say a word, but slipped off his leather dress shoes and then scooted back on my bed. He laid down while I watched him, while he kept me locked in his devouring stare.

He was dressed up again- in brown trousers and another white oxford. And he was wearing dress socks. I loved his dress socks. But I hated that he was wearing this outfit. It was like the Fallen dress code and it wasn't him.

I stayed by the door, too afraid of what he was asking of me.

His jaw clenched tighter and he patted the spot next to him impatiently. I let out a long sigh, but followed his silent command. I flipped the light switch and climbed into bed.

He was in his nice clothes and I was wearing my pajamas- sleep shorts and a cami- but I blushed from the feeling that we were nak*d next to each other.

We had slept together before, but every time had seemed innocent until now. There wasn't anything different other than he'd lost his soul.

And I didn't know if I was strong enough to tell him no, if he pushed me.

Mostly, because I didn't know if I wanted to tell him no.

But in the end it didn't matter because he didn't even try to kiss me.

I had crawled onto the bed and laid on my back with inches between us. I felt his presence next to me as if he were shouting at me. Every inch of him, from where his head curled around on the pillow above mine to his toes that stretched beyond where mine reached. His body still radiated heat, even though it wasn't his Light. And that seemed strange to me. He wasn't a vacuum of cold, icy air.

"This isn't going to do, Stella," he whispered in a hoarse, gravelly voice that sent shivers skittering over my skin.

I held my breath as he pulled me into his body. I turned my back to him and he tucked me into him. His face nuzzled the back of my neck and I felt him breathe me in.

I still hadn't breathed- I couldn't. I was too afraid to ruin this, too afraid to bring reality crashing in around us. I felt his hot breath on my nape and I nestled into him further.

He wrapped both arms around me until we were comfortable and completely intertwined. His face stayed buried in my neck and he held me so impossibly tight that I had to urge him to give me a little bit of breathing room.

When we were finally settled, he let out a soul-deep sigh that brought tears to my eyes.

"Seth," I whispered.

"I need you," he answered as if I had asked a question. "Whatever is left of me, I need you Stella."

I just closed my eyes as the tears flowed down my face and soaked my pillow. It seemed like only seconds passed by until his breathing evened out and became heavier. But even after he fell asleep he never loosened his hold on me. He held me pressed against his chest the entire night.

I lay awake for a long time. My mind was in complete turmoil, but my body was absolutely relaxed against his. A feeling had begun to unfurl inside of me- a purpose and thought. I hadn't wanted to face it, so it was facing me instead. I had never seen my life, destiny or future any clearer than this moment.

I suppressed it as deliberately as I could, but it wouldn't go away. It became this itching, crawling, living thing inside me. I fought with it until I couldn't keep my eyes awake anymore. And finally when I finally fell asleep, I decided I would ignore it no matter what. At least for now. At least until I turned eighteen and Seth could have a fighting chance of coming back to me.

Chapter Sixteen

I felt Seth stir next to me and my eyes shot open. The early morning sun was burning my room with a haze of gray light. I lay as still as I could, trying very hard not to change anything about me.

I was afraid to wake him up. I had no idea which version of him I would meet this morning. He could kiss me just as easily as he could put a knife to my throat.

It was too late though. I felt him yawn against my back and snuggle in closer. And then he seemed to remember where he was. His arms tensed before he abruptly flipped me over so that I was on my back looking up at him.

His sleep-mussed hair was wild and curlier than usual. His eyes were still just a bit confused and his jaw had a healthy overnight growth across it.

He looked amazing.

I didn't even want to analyze what I looked like in the morning with my frizzed out hair and missing makeup. It wasn't something I could even think about.

But truthfully, I couldn't think about anything with him staring so intently at me.

He was trying to see something or find something in me. I just didn't know what it was.

"I haven't slept that well.... in a while," he finally admitted.

We were silent for a minute before I finally asked, "Are you still having nightmares?" I couldn't feel him anymore. There wasn't a connection left for me to know what he was going through or feeling.

A cruel smile tilted his lips and he murmured in a deceptively seductive voice, "No, now I'm living them."

Sadness overrode every other emotion and I lifted my hand to cup his jaw. "I'm going to find a way to get you out of this."

He laughed bitterly, "Are you? You're going to save me? Come rescue me?" His tone was biting and acerbic. I shrunk back from him with a battered heart and tears pooling in the corner of my eyes. "It's a little late for that, don't you think?"

I shook my head, hating that I was so sensitive around Seth. If any other person taunted me like this, I would kick their ass and enjoy watching them suffer. But this was Seth. Just a few weeks ago he was the sweetest, most caring person I had ever known. He got frustrated with me, but he was never cruel or purposefully hurtful.

He took in my pained expression and seemed to make an effort to get a better hold of himself. His eyes scrunched shut and I watched the muscles in his throat work hard to swallow. He shook out his tussled hair and then slowly opened his eyes to look at me again.

"I should go."

I just nodded because he was right. Even though I didn't want him to. Even though I couldn't stand to be apart from him like this.

"I have work to do," he reiterated.

And this time it felt like he was convincing himself.

"And I have school," I offered.

He nodded.

"Will you come back tonight?" I was almost afraid to ask, but I was desperate for him to say that he was.

"I can't." His voice was ragged and he couldn't look at me. "This was just.... this was a moment of weakness."

"Oh."

He pulled his arm out from underneath me and pressed up on his hands. He hovered over me and suddenly dragged his nose from my navel up my stomach and then to the hollow of my throat. I sucked in a sharp breath as he seemed to hover over my chest, making some complex internal decision.

I couldn't have guessed the thoughts in his head if I had thought about it for the rest of my life. And I didn't think I wanted to know them anyway.

I just lay perfectly, absolutely still, until finally he bent his head down and pressed the sweetest, gentles kiss on my exposed skin, right where my heart beat frantically against my chest.

And then he was gone- off my bed, out my window, and into the sky before I could even resume breathing.

When my lungs finally worked again they were panting overtime. I flung an arm over my face and groaned. That boy was going to kill me from the emotional rollercoaster he put me on. One minute we were climbing the highest incline ever, slowly, carefully, feeling safe and self-assured, and then the next we had bypassed the peak and were flying down the steepest drop known to man, free-falling, crazily out of control, blinded by fear and uncertainty.

It was too much.

And this was only the beginning.

My alarm went off next to my bed and I tossed an arm over to shut it off. Eventually I crawled from my bed and forced my body into the movements it took to get ready. I was up earlier than usual and felt more rested than I had in a very long time.

Some of that had to do with the fact that I actually got more than three or four hours of sleep last night. But I knew most of it had to do with Seth and his strong arms wrapped around me.

Still, it was hard to find the motivation to look nice for school. I was a little depressed.

Ok, I was a lot depressed.

So I forced myself into my daily routine, even taking care with my makeup. I wasn't going to let this low feeling hold me prisoner. I was fighting back.

Starting today.

I grabbed breakfast on the way out the door, shouted goodbye to my mom, waved at my dad who was already climbing onto his combine, a sight that would forever shock me, and sped off to school.

I had always loved school; loved the human experience. But it was starting to feel like such a huge waste of time. I had bigger things to worry about these days than maintaining my grade point average and playing soccer.

These thoughts were completely foreign to me and I had no idea what to make of them, but the truth was Seth came before all of these things.

Even my friends.

I had to do something to help him. I had to get him away from Aliah and his deranged sister.

I parked my dad's truck in the middle of the student lot and grabbed my backpack. I was determined to focus on school today, but as soon as it was over I was blowing off practice and heading out with Nate and Serena. They were constantly fighting these days. I knew they'd be able to help me find Seth, and at least occupy his time to keep him from doing anything with lifelong consequences. My new plan included fighting him or bothering him as often as possible so that he didn't do something that would haunt him the rest of his life, long after his soul was returned to him.

I slammed my truck door, not bothering taking the keys out of the ignition or locking the door. This was the country, every car in this parking lot had the keys still in the ignition.

"Morning, Stella," Aliah's smooth, silky voice caught me completely off guard.

He was leaning against the back of my truck, his arm resting casually on the truck bed. He was especially casual this morning in designer jeans and a light blue oxford with the sleeves rolled up. His dark hair was expertly styled and his shoes were shiny loafers even though he was wearing jeans.

I didn't respond. I just opened my truck door again and reached under the seat for one of my emergency katanas. I pulled it out, and rested it, tip down, against my leg. I left the door open so nobody between the hood of my truck and the school could see I was wielding a deadly weapon. Then I mimicked his casual pose.

"What do you want, Aliah?" I used my iciest voice and waited for him to announce his purpose.

He tilted his head back and let out a short stream of genuine laughter. "What do I want? What a question."

I stopped myself from rolling my eyes and waited. He would tell me why he was here soon enough or he would attack me.

I was kind of hoping for him to attack me. Then at least Seth was allowed to kill him.

If I didn't kill him first.

After he was adequately amused, he tilted his head back down and narrowed his eyes on me. "I want you to stay away from Seth."

"Sure, no problem," I quickly agreed. "Are we done?"

"Don't patronize me, Stella," he snapped. His patience was gone and even though he stood perfectly unmoving, he seemed like a swirling tornado of Dark energy. He was terrifying in his composed stillness. "I want you nowhere near him."

"If only we always got what we wanted," I taunted.

He took three steps toward me and seemed to catch himself. He stopped and clenched his fists at his side, visibly trying to calm down.

"You're disrespectful, Child, and it will only hurt you in the end." His accent was thicker with his emotion and his malicious green eyes were alight with fury.

I was going to go with some kind of spanking joke, but thought better of it. I was trying to be a smartass, not take us into super weirdville. So instead I said, "Doesn't Seth live with you now? Isn't the entire point of his life now to officially stay away from me? Why are you here, Aliah?"

He glared at me but remained silent.

"Why are you here, Aliah?" I repeated.

"I want you to stay away from Seth," he bit out.

"You are the one that owns his soul. Maybe you should be having this conversation with him."

"I do own his soul, which means I want him nowhere near you. There are very specific requirements in the contract. You had better be very careful lest you get your soulless Counterpart killed."

"A contract that I did not read, agree to, or sign. Nothing I do can be held against the contract. I'm not a party to it. And I'm not worried about Seth's life in your hands."

A malicious smirk tilted the corner of his full lips. "You're saying you trust me with Seth?"

"I'm saying you have been searching for the better part of ten years for him and one mistake isn't going to send you over the edge. Obviously you have ridiculous patience. And on top of that I don't need to trust you, because I trust Seth to be able to take care of himself."

"But do you trust him to take care of you?" He was mocking me. And what I couldn't tell him was that I did. Even if it was stupid and pathetically naive, I trusted him.

The sword handle itched in my palm and I gripped it tighter, desperate to plunge it into the empty cavity of his chest where I would find no heart. "Leave," I growled. "It's time for you to go."

"Hey boss," Jude drawled while coming to stand next to the dusty Honda Civic, next to my huge truck. "Finally going after that GED I keep bugging you about?"

I would have laughed at Jude had I not been so completely pissed off. He sounded like he was reciting lines from a sitcom, and his acting skills were atrocious. He leaned back on the Civic and crossed his ankles and arms, and then just waited casually to be included in our altercation.

"Jude," Aliah sighed. "Obviously, if I'm here you haven't been holding up your end of the contract."

"I'm missing something," Jude pointed out. He looked back and forth between Aliah and me and finally ended on Aliah.

"She's not allowed near him, Jude. That was the deal. You keep her away from him or you will be replaced." Aliah was back to his cool confident coldness.

I was surprised that Jude seemed able to appear just as unaffected, though. If Aliah was threatening my life so directly, I would have had to say something. I wouldn't be able to let it roll off my back.

I would have opened my mouth and said something that got me into trouble.

"I'm doing my job," Jude shrugged. "The contract would tell you if I weren't."

That gave me pause. Living contracts were an extreme rarity. That also meant this one was bound by the signers blood. It was one thing to say Seth had sold his soul, even to see the evidence of it. But knowing they used a living contract meant the soul was actually trapped inside the contract. This was both good news and bad news. The good news meant that because the soul hadn't been imprisoned in hell during the duration of the contract, Seth would actually have a chance of getting his back. The bad news was that just because Seth got his soul back didn't mean he wouldn't already have changed into the Fallen he was pretending to be. It also didn't mean that his soul was going to be held apart from the evil that surrounded it. But the worst piece of news this brought was that the contract was extremely all-seeing. Where a simple paper contract was left to the signer's honor system, this particular contract would know if there was deceit or malpractice.

It also meant I wasn't told the entire story. If anything, living contracts were extremely wordy to ensure that all of the parties got exactly what they wanted, since they bonded the contract by blood both sides of the deal were carried out without any of the signer's wishes. They just... happened.

Some people believed there was an entirely secret sect that was devoted only to living contracts. A mixture of Fallen and Warriors that carried out the contracts until they were satisfied.

"The contract will tell me when you fail," Aliah reminded Jude, turning around so that they were face to face. "The contract will not tell me if you are on your way to failing."

Jude's face became a mask of unemotional placidness. His gray eyes were shuttered and his body remained relaxed against the car. He was too easy-going for me to fully believe him, and I suddenly felt nervous for him. Aliah would see through his facade easily and then Jude would die.

It was going to be simple and quick.

I just hated that; I actually felt bad for Jude. I should know better. I should be glad to get rid of him.

Finally Jude let out a long sigh, "Are you finished boss? I have to get to class."

"I'm finished," Aliah finally answered.

But Jude didn't move. Instead, he just looked at me and waited.

"Stay away from him Stella." Aliah's words were steel and titanium, both unbreakable and unbending.

"Or what, Aliah? You can't hurt me. You can't touch me. Stop with the threats. They mean nothing to me."

"I can't hurt you, but I can hurt him, Stella. Understand me when I say that I own him now. I know very well that you're looking toward the day he gets his soul back. Well, it won't be any good to him if it's blacker than he is. You better pray I take it easy on him while he's in my care or can you imagine what that would be like for you? You'd have to kill your own Counterpart." He paused for dramatic effect and then said, "That might be fun."

And then he was gone. We stood watching him disappear down the line of cars and climb into a midnight blue Porshe. He peeled out of the parking lot in record time. Jude and I just stared after him while the first bell rang in the background.

"You're a crazy person, Stella!" Jude exclaimed in a high-pitched laugh. I couldn't determine if I should agree with him or be extremely offended. "You can't talk to Aliah like that! Hell, you can't even talk about Aliah like that!"

This was the most worked up I'd ever seen Jude, and it was almost amusing. Almost.

"Jude, we are enemies. I can talk about him however I want."

"You don't understand what he will do to make you suffer," Jude shook his head, all traces of humor gone. He pulled out a cigarette and lit it before sucking in a long drag. His eyes went a bit unfocused; he dropped his tone as if he were afraid of being overheard. "Aliah wants complete obedience. It doesn't matter who you are or what side of the war you're on. You defied him, Stella. He will punish you for that."

"I defy him every time I see him," I pointed out. "I defy them all."

"And look at what he did to you!" Jude threw up his hands in exasperation. "Look at how he's making his point!"

"Seth made his own decision. He chose this to protect me."

He let out a cackle of bitter laughter. "And you think he just came up with this plan all on his own? You think he wanted to sell his soul?"

No. I didn't think that. But I thought he chose this. I assumed this was ultimately his decision.

"What are you talking about?" I demanded.

Instead of answering my question he just continued smoking and looking down at his worn-out Chuck Taylors.

"Jude, tell me what you're talking about." He looked up at me from under his full lashes and just stared. His eyes were bleak and dark, his jaw tight and his lips pressed firmly around his cigarette. He wasn't going to give anything away. "Please, Jude. I need to understand this."

He let out a whoosh of white smoke, nothing like his usually careful exhales that came out in "O's" or concentrated streams. "I shouldn't have said anything."

"Please." I sounded pathetic, but if this tactic didn't work I was taking my sword and gutting him with it. He would eventually heal. And I would have some satisfaction.

I realized I was still holding my sword, in broad daylight, surrounded by high school students and without any explanation that would make sense to my teachers. I kept my eyes locked with Jude's and returned the katana to its hiding place. I slid up sideways onto my driver's seat and rested my elbow on the steering wheel. I was late for class, but this was more important.

"The day you were... attacked," Jude looked around and then moved closer to me. He was still smoking and the strong scent of tobacco filled my car and filtered into my clothes. But I let him get away with it so he would talk. "You weren't the only one. Your boyfriend was attacked too. Seven, she can.... She has this way of affecting the atmosphere, making it seem like there's no trouble."

"I knew that," I said confidently. Only, I didn't exactly know that but I suspected it.

"Sure, but it doesn't always work with you and Seth. Or, that's what I figured out. Because you have that.... bond. Anyway, so they planned this whole thing. They knew you would be separated that day. And they knew you would be unarmed. When Saul took you out to that desert.... There's no way they would have been able to find you. And Aliah knew he would never be able to convince Seth to change sides without killing him first. So he gave him the.... opportunity to save your life."

"My location for his soul," I filled in the blanks.

"Seth added a few of his own provisos. But the deal was made before Saul lost his head."

"Aliah sacrificed his own man to get Seth to sign?"

"Aliah would have sacrificed all of his men to get Seth. He has this.... obsession with it, with him and his sister. You were collateral. A means to an end."

"Seth had already signed the contract before he saved me?"

"And then he was given the weekend to say goodbye. His stipulation, not Aliah's."

"What else did Seth add?"

"Small stuff. The majority of the contract was not up for negotiation."

"Tell me."

"It was mostly little stuff. Your human friends are safe, but not your family. He's allowed to see you whenever he wants. You get Sundays off."

I get Sunday's off. I mouthed.

Jude smirked. "I think he was just reaching to put in as much as he could. It really got kind of ridiculous."

"And Aliah gave him everything he wanted?"

"No, but then Aliah didn't get everything he wanted either. And it had to happen really fast because, you know.... your life was hanging in the balance." Jude finished his cigarette and stomped it out under his toe. Then he popped in a mint Mento. He held the pack out to me, but I declined.

"The protection until I'm eighteen thing, Aliah or Seth's idea?" I asked carefully.

"Aliah's. That was the whole incentive."

"More than just my life?"

"More than your life. But it's not exactly fool proof."

"What does that mean?" My hand subconsciously went to my throat.

"You're protected from Aliah and all of his Fallen. But at the time the contract was signed.... Seth wasn't technically considered..."

"Fallen," I finished. "So the only person allowed to kill me right now is Seth."

At one point in my life that would have seemed absurd. Now.... it was actually a possibility.

"Exactly."

"So why does Aliah want me to stay away from him then? It seems in his best interest to let us spend as much time together as we want until I end up headless and Seth becomes unredeemable."

"Yeah, I don't get that either." I shot him a disbelieving look and a smirk tilted his lips. "Hey, listen, I'm just a lowly foot soldier. I don't get to hear the big plans."

"I find that hard to believe," I groaned. I hopped down from my truck and adjusted my green cotton gypsy skirt. It fell in billowy folds to my feet. It was way more bohemian than I was used to, but in case of emergency it had a hidden slit and I could easily hide my dagger underneath. I paired it with a tight gray Mead Raiders t-shirt and felt more like Piper than myself. But desperate times and all.

"I know," he sighed. He moved out of my way so I could grab my backpack and close my door. "I look important."

I snorted. "That is not what I meant. I just thought this job... your third-party job was kind of a big deal."

"I fit the demographic: age, looks, not overly aggressive, not completely bat shit. All the important stuff. Before this I was mostly forgotten about." He sounded almost proud of that.

"You? With all your diabolical evil-ness?" I pretended to be shocked. "That's very hard for me to believe."

He shoved my shoulder and tried to hide a smile. We started walking toward the school in what could be considered a comfortable silence.

Right before we reached the office where we would have to face the wrath of the secretaries and try to explain away our extreme tardiness he said, "Just give Aliah what he wants, Stella. He gets to win because you can never compete with his inhumanity. He's not bluffing. He will ruin Seth."

I didn't respond because I didn't know how. Because I believed Jude. But I also knew, without a shadow of a doubt that I couldn't leave Seth alone. I was fighting with my life to protect this boy that I loved, this boy I wanted to come back to me. And if Aliah was demanding I stay away from him then I was doing something right.

Finally.

Chapter Seventeen

"Where were you this morning?" Piper asked at lunch. "You were really late."

"She was with me," Jude declared with an arrogant and suggestive raise of his eyebrows.

"I wasn't," I quickly denied.

"You weren't with me this morning?" Jude drew out his words slowly and I felt myself burn with embarrassment.

I swallowed and took a few calming breaths, trying to get the glow under control. "We were in the same place at the same time, but in no way were we together."

"Dude," Rigley laughed with respect. "Way to go."

"I just said we weren't together," I pointed out.

"Yeah, but when a girl works that hard to point out the specifics of what happened, she's obviously in denial." Rigley was grinning like the cat that ate the canary.

"I'm sure you know all about girls that are in denial after being with you," I pointed out acidly. "But, for real, nothing happened between Jude and me."

"You forgot about the sword."

Even Lincoln joined in the male snickering. Thank God Tristan wasn't here yet.

"The sword?" Piper asked slowly.

"If I say it was Stella's sword and not mine would that make things confusing?" Jude asked innocently.

"Yes," Piper agreed over the boys now howling with laughter.

"Dude, that sounds kinky," Rigley giggled- yes... giggled. "I had no idea Stella was so freaky."

"You, my friend, have no idea," Jude grinned.

I dropped my face into my hands and willed the world to just disappear around me.

"I'm going out for a smoke," Jude declared to the table. And then in my ear he whispered, "Want to join me? I know you secretly like the smell." His voice was both teasing and goading and my fingers itched for the sword in question.

"Go away," I groaned.

"Suit yourself," he sat back and I felt him swing his legs over the bench.

"Also," I turned my face in my hands and met his gray eyes. "I'm going to kill you later."

"You're adorable." He winked at me.

Bastard.

"No, seriously," I insisted quietly. "I'm going to fillet you. And then I'm going to strangle you until your head pops right off. Just wait."

"Mouthy," he whispered with a shit-eating grin on his face. "I like it."

And then he was gone. He zipped out of the cafeteria, pulling his cigarettes from his back pocket before my head could completely spin around from pure rage. That boy was going to make my head explode one day.

I turned back to my lunch and felt Piper's eyes on me.

"What?" I asked innocently.

"What is going on with you two? You were with him this morning? You were late to class? He flirts with you like he knows you. Stella, what the hell?"

"That stuff wasn't true," I defended myself. And then louder to the table I said, "Jude was just joking. None of that was true."

"What wasn't true?" Tristan asked as he slid onto the bench across from me. His eyes were curiously quirked and he was looking at Piper for an answer instead of me.

What was that?

"Jude is the reason Stella was late this morning," Piper explained quickly. Her eyebrows raised in a "Now what?" expression and I couldn't believe she just sold me out like that!

"Jude is the reason you were late this morning?" Tristan asked slowly, understanding what that meant at an entirely different level than Piper. At least I wasn't going to have to be defending myself to him.

Tristan sounded outrageously pissed off. He pinned me in place with a blazing glare and I felt paralyzed. Rigley and Lincoln all of a sudden found their lunches super interactive, and Piper sat gloating next to me with her arms crossed. Bree was noticeably absent for lunch today, which was fine with me. She would have found this way too entertaining for her own good.

Or my own good.

"It's not what you think," I offered lamely.

And like a furious older brother or father, he raised one eyebrow and said, "Oh really? What am I thinking?"

Shoot.

"I just meant, nothing happened." What? That was a terrible thing to say because it implied that something could happen. And that was just gross.

"Well, that's good news," Tristan glowered.

"Ok, stop." It was time to lay it out for them. "There is nothing between Jude and me. Nor will there ever be anything between us. So please stop listening to his craziness and trust me, your friend."

"So defensive," Piper grumbled, but Tristan looked satisfied.

I rolled my eyes but decided to smooth things over with her. "Piper, are you and Lincoln still getting the limo for prom?"

Lincoln tuned back in and nodded. I caught Tristan's eye and gave him a questioning look. He took over, "Want to split it?"

"With you?" Piper drawled. "Uh, no."

"With me and Stella."

"What?" she gasped and then punched me in the arm and her bangles set off jangling down her forearm. Ok, maybe this wasn't exactly smoothing things over. "You're going to prom with Tristan?"

I shrugged. "Yes?" I didn't know what I had done to piss her off now, but apparently she was not a woman easily pleased today.

Her head snapped back and forth between Tristan and me like she was watching an invisible tennis match. She pointed a painted black fingernail at him and scowled. "You had sixteen years to make your move, Tristan Shields. And you did nothing. Then as soon as a decent boy walks into her life, you decide to go all caveman and claim her? That is not cool."

My mouth dropped open- all the way open. Tristan cocked his head back like he had been slapped or punched or worse. And Rigley and Lincoln did the whole look-anywhere-but-at-us thing again.

When nobody challenged her, she continued. "And prom? Could you get more cliche? Ugh! I am so sick of the boys in this cow town. Grow up. All of you!"

And with that she swung her legs around and stomped out of the cafeteria in her low-heeled, red wedges, and shimmery black leggings. She looked like a pin-up model today- like a scary, raging, murderous, pin-up. Oh boy.

"Chase, what is going on with your woman?" Tristan gaped at Lincoln.

"Don't look at me!" He was blushing, the tips of his cheekbones tinged pink and his white blonde hair flopped forward in his eyes. "That was all you! But now I'm going to have to deal with the fallout. Thanks a lot, a**hole. And she's right."

"What?" Tristan swiveled around to face Lincoln. He didn't usually use that many words in a row; it might have been some kind of record.

"He's right, man," Rigley cut in helpfully. "I think you broke her."

"What did I do?" Tristan asked in a high, disbelieving voice.

"Hell if I know," Rigley muttered sympathetically. "But she's right. If you would have asked Stella

out the first time you noticed she had boobs, you would have saved us a hell of a lot of drama around here."

I expected Tristan to blow up and rival Piper's fury, but he just shrugged. "That is probably the first smart thing I've heard all day."

That was it for me. "I can't take this anymore. You guys are all idiots. All of you. Possibly the entire species of males everywhere are all idiots. I'm out of here. I'll catch you losers later."

"Can you smooth that over for me?" Lincoln asked while ignoring my entire rant.

I did find a sympathetic look for him, "Lincoln, I don't think a new car could smooth that over. You're on your own."

And then I walked out. I left my entire tray at my spot. Tristan would deal with it and I was too worked up to even spend one extra minute in that cafeteria. I walked straight to my locker and dug deep in my bag for my cellphone.

Can I meet up with you tonight? I need to kill something. I texted to Serena. And then I stared at my screen until she texted back.

Yes, please. We have a lead. Be ready by nine. I'll call Jupiter with details.

Thanks.

I was actually impressed at her texting skills. Serena had adapted well to human life, even while I knew she itched to get back up in the sky. I had been bred for a purpose and one of the reasons was so that the rest of the Star community didn't have to deal with the claustrophobic prison of Earth.

I slipped my phone back into my bag and pulled out my books for my next class. Piper yanked open her locker next to me sounding extra loud in the quiet hallway.

I peeked at her from around my opened locker door and found a miserable expression on her face.

"I know I'm crazy sometimes," she grumbled. "You don't have to tell me."

"I wasn't going to," I said sincerely. "You alright?"

"No," she admitted. She slammed her locker closed and let her forehead fall forward on it. "I'm worried about you." She tilted her face to mine and I met her concerned eyes with steady ones of my own.

She had reason to be worried about me; I was surprised by her perceptiveness. She wasn't usually this.... insightful. I mean, she was, in certain ways. But not about the big, secret stuff in my life.

Except maybe Tristan. Apparently I should have given her more credit a long time ago.

"Why are you worried about me?" I asked carefully, already afraid of her answer.

"You would tell me if something was going on, wouldn't you?" she demanded. "Like if you'd started using drugs or got pregnant or something. I mean, I'm your best friend. I should be the first to know. Plus, I'm the least likely to judge, so-"

"Piper! I'm not pregnant. Good lord."

"Drugs?"

"No drugs. Geez." I shook my head at her.

"Something's going on," she pointed out gently. "You don't want to talk to me about it, and I don't know why."

"I don't either," I admitted. And it was true. I had never wanted to open up to Piper more than this moment. I used to be able to talk about this stuff to Tristan, but that was before we were suddenly more than friends and back when things were a lot less complicated. My problems revolved around accidently lighting up like a light bulb in math class when I didn't know the answer, or running too fast at practice. He would lend me a listening ear and soothe my ego by telling me I was the hottest alien he'd ever seen. Now those small, conceited problems had morphed into the boy I was in love with sometimes wanting to kill me, sometimes making me feel things I'd never felt before. And in those moments, Seth made me feel things I never knew were possible. An entire faction of bad guys were out to kill me or torture me and the most annoying creature on the planet- Jude- existed as my constant shadow, doing his best to ruin my reputation at school. There was a lot to talk about with Piper, and I needed my best friend to unload on. "But I want to."

"Then talk to me, Stella. I hate watching your life unravel from the sidelines. I at least want to attempt to help you tape it back together."

I looked into her sad hazel eyes and felt my chin quiver. "Piper, I wish I could."

"By not telling me, you're pushing me away," she pointed out. Her expression grew harder and I winced at her words. "You're keeping me out and it hurts, Stella. You probably aren't trying to hurt me, but you are."

"Piper, if I could talk to you about this, I would."

"But you can't." It was a statement, not a question but I still shook my head. "But you can talk to Tristan?"

She was accusing me of the one terrible thing I'd done to her. I had opened up to Tristan and not her. I had betrayed her for the person she truly hated.

"No," I said and it wasn't exactly a lie. "I can't talk to him either."

"Well, he seems to know a lot more than I do."

I lifted my right shoulder and buried my chin into the unyielding bone. I couldn't look her in the eye. I couldn't explain to her how much he knew about my life that she didn't. It made me feel nauseous and overwhelmingly tired.

She stared at me for a few moments but if felt like forever. She wasn't just assessing my appearance, she was looking into me, looking for something that would mollify her self-esteem. I didn't know what she saw in my expression, but I felt miserable. I felt like I was betraying her along with everyone else in my life. I tried my hardest to convey apology in my expression without actually saying it.

I had no idea if she bought it or not, but she eventually offered me a truce. "I'm not going to be mad at you anymore," she sniffed.

"That's very generous of you," I smiled at her.

"I know."

"I love you, Pi."

"I love you too, you crazy girl." She stepped forward and pulled me into a tight hug. My face got momentarily caught in her long dark hair and huge hoop earrings, but I pushed through until I caught air again. "I probably won't stop worrying though, so if you need me.... for anything, I'm here for you, alright?"

"I know you are. And that goes both ways. If you need me for something, anything, I'm here for you."

"Good," she laughed.

The bell rang and we were no longer alone in the hallway. We pulled apart and headed off for class. Jude caught up to us on the way, smelling like cigarette smoke and mint.

He was so wrong about that smell. I did not like it. In fact, it mildly repulsed me.

He smirked at me and asked, "Did I hear that you're going to prom with the quarterback? Please tell me that's a rumor. Please tell me you have better taste than that."

"It's not even football season," I pointed out, ignoring all his other words.

"Are you telling me he's not the quarterback?" he challenged.

Well, he had me there.

Piper leaned forward so she could eye him on the other side of me and then declared, "It actually pains me to say this, but I think I'm officially Team Tristan."

Jude scoffed, "You mean you're over me?" His hands flew to his chest like he was mortally wounded. "You can't be serious."

"I'm deadly serious. You're trouble."

"Just the other day you called me an angel!" He was only pretending to be serious; I noticed the amusement dancing in his dark eyes. But Piper was absolutely eating it up.

"I was blinded by your gifts." She was adamant and I wanted to kiss her. Finally someone was getting my issue with Jude.

"But we bonded," Jude insisted. "I even gave you my coffee. Do you know how hard that was for me? I was practically on the verge of murdering someone innocent the whole day."

Now, that I actually believed.

"Sorry," Piper shrugged. "I have to do what's best for my best friend."

"At least that we agree on." Jude said quietly.

My head snapped around to ask him what he meant, but he slipped passed me and entered our classroom before anything came out of my mouth.

Was he honestly standing up for me? Or was that a dig on Piper? Did he just think Piper should be doing better at her best friendship?

I doubted it was either. In fact it felt very much like I had misheard him. He must have said something else that I didn't catch, so I subconsciously filled in the blanks and made up my own explanation.

That sounded so much easier than facing the truth.

I slid into my sixth hour desk and refused to acknowledge anyone around me except Piper. It just seemed safer that way, less life-threatening.

At least for now.

But I seriously needed to deal with the whole Jude fiasco.

And fast.

Chapter Eighteen

"It's really dark in here," I commented slowly. Nate shot me a look over his shoulder that said, "Duh."

I shrugged and he smiled. "Stella, it's nighttime. It's always dark during the night."

"I know," I shot back. "But I mean, it's really, really dark.... even for nighttime."

And it was. The Stars were hidden behind thick cloud cover and the moon was completely out of sight. Those factors alone made the night feel extra oppressive. But on top of that, we were wandering through some New England forest and the thick canopy of trees, spaced so impossibly close together, made the darkness feel like it wrapped around our bodies and swallowed us whole, like a man-eating anaconda.

Our Lights were as dim as possible, just a faint haze shimmering around our three bodies. We were like Tasers set to stun, strong enough to do some damage but nothing permanent. Jupiter had decided to join us as well, but he had no light and I could just barely make him out through the lack of light, even with my super sensitive sight.

"Where did this lead come from?" I whispered, even though it was unnecessary. If we were glowing, people would be able to see us; it wouldn't matter if we were quiet or not. Which was good, because I was stomping my way through this forest, snapping every branch underfoot. But I couldn't see them and flying was impossible with the trees placed so close together.

"The Council," Serena answered in a low voice. "They sent a message earlier today."

I still didn't get how communication with the Council worked. It wasn't like they could call on a cell phone. They were light years away. But I knew it happened, just not often. Usually all communication was done face to face. You were summoned, you flew away, you talked, you flew back. Or that's how it had always worked with my parents.

"And you trust them?" I asked carefully.

Jupiter snorted somewhere ahead of me but Serena said, "It doesn't matter if I do or don't. I'm exploring this lead whether it's a trap or the truth."

She had a good point. I drew out my swords. I felt like the trees were moving around me, waving in the air, like ocean waves against the shore. It was impossible to tell since everything was so dark, and the atmosphere around me all blended into one obscure, black canvas. But I could swear everything around me was rippling. I felt like I was in a bizarre dream or walking through a portal.

Nobody else seemed to notice though, or they weren't worried about it if they did.

I was also nervous because if Seven was around she would be able to neutralize our internal alarms, that sounded whenever evil was nearby. I had filled everyone in earlier on the new developments in my life- Seven was not just dangerous and unstable but a weapon as well, Aliah was concerned about Seth and Seth was the only one in the contract currently capable of killing me.... so unless I tripped and accidentally cut off my own head, he was my biggest threat right now.

And I loved him.

This wasn't complicated at all.

Or scary. This wasn't scary.

Except I was so tightly wound that I felt sick to my stomach and my hands were trembling where they grasped the two hilts of my katanas. My wrists were anything but loose and my breaths shook and quivered as I forced them in and out of my lungs. I was such a chicken about this stuff; it sucked, since it was basically my entire life.

Something glided alongside my foot and I yelped a pathetic sound.

"What's wrong?" Nate jumped around with sword raised.

"There's something on the ground." I poked the soft forest floor with the tip of my sword but only met mud and leaves.

"Stella." I could tell Jupiter was barely reigning in his patience. "There are Shadows literally all around you. Please don't tell me you're just now noticing them."

"Obviously, I'm not just noticing them." I was totally just now noticing them. Damn it, I was the worst Star ever. "I just didn't realize they were on the ground too. I thought it might be something.... different."

Serena chuckled darkly. "As in a wayward field mouse."

I ignored her and let my eyes reflect against the dark night around me. The moon broke through the heavy cloud cover up above; some of the light filtered in between the trees so I could finally adjust to my surroundings. When everything became clear I could see them now. They covered every available space as we trudged through the forest. They blanketed tree branches, glided over their trunks and whipped back and forth across the ground.

There were so many of them that I instantly felt threatened. They didn't exactly have eyes, but they seemed to be watching us with wagging tales. And if they had any kind of expression hidden in the dark mass, they would have looked hungry- starving. I imagined them licking their lips and purring with anticipation.

"Why aren't they attacking us?" I stage-whispered, almost afraid to give them the idea. As if they wouldn't come up with it on their own.

"No clue," Nate shrugged. "But I'm going to assume it's because something worse is waiting for us."

"Oh, geez," I sighed.

Nate grinned and Jupiter sighed.

A Shadow came to a stop directly in my path and twitched its tail back and forth. I tried to step over it, but it slithered around and stopped again, this time facing me. I wasn't exactly sure what it wanted, maybe for me to rub its belly?

I moved to the side, bumping into Jupiter in my attempt to change paths, but the Shadow followed me. "This thing is begging me to kill it."

"Don't," Jupiter ordered. "A Shadow that anxious to go back to hell is hiding something."

"Good to know, I muttered and subtly retracted my sword. I had been just about to gut him. Instead I stepped over him again. He was persistent, but I somehow kept up with Serena and Nate while avoiding getting Shadow goo on my feet.

The further into the forest we walked, the darker it became until our Lights were bright, blinding and hot. This kept the Shadows away from us for the most part, but they seemed to be growing thicker as we continued as well. Beyond where our Lights reached there were walls of them, they stacked on top of each other, tangled in columns or along tree trunks.

And they weren't just everywhere. They smelled terrible, too.

I hadn't noticed at first, but now the smell was impossible to ignore. The scent of rotting eggs and something so foul and diseased it could only have originated in Hell itself, hung in the air. I felt it on my skin, I tasted it on my tongue.

I would need to take at least fifty showers after all this and we hadn't even shed any blood yet.

We pushed through the Shadow-made barrier and stumbled into a remote cabin.

The lights were off inside and it looked utterly deserted.

However, there was no way I was getting out of this that easily. This was the perfect precursor to the world's scariest movie, and because I was living it, I knew without any doubt that this moment was only the beginning of a very long, very bloody night.

So, was this a trap or a true tip?

That was the question.

"That looks rather ominous," Nate drawled.

No kidding.

Serena looked back at the forest behind us and visibly swallowed. Stealing a breath for courage I turned around to see what made even Serena cringe. And when I finally understood, I let out a weary sigh.

The Shadows followed us. Thousands of them created a black, solid wall of no escape. We had been herded here, rounded up and delivered for execution. We could have seen this coming. Ok, we probably knew this was coming and chose to ignore it in favor of retaining at least some of our fighting spirit.

Or that was my excuse anyway.

They had a purpose. And we had a purpose. Everything seemed to be falling into place. There was only one thing left to do.

And that was explore the cabin.

"Is everyone else thinking what I'm thinking?" I asked lightly.

"And what is that?" Nate asked carefully.

"That the cabin is secretly a church, blessed by a priest and a perfect place for refuge?"

Jupiter choked on what sounded like laughter.

I made Jupiter laugh- I could officially die tonight and be happy.

"No more stalling," Serena announced calmly. "Let's explore." She pulled a second sword from her waist and tossed the hilt until it fit exactly in her tight grip. On Earth, the closest style of sword she used was called a scimitar. Longer than mine and more pointed, it wielded a wide, powerful arch. Where my katanas had a square but angled edge, her blades were strictly pointed. The saber curved in a long, subtle way. The bend was important- it made catching the neck of a Fallen just a bit easier. Her hilts were made out of pure, heavy gold, forged in Heaven itself.

In other words, her weapons were bad ass.

One day I would get my very own Heaven-commissioned swords and then I would also be bad ass. Until then, I would use my hand-me-down katanas that Jupiter pulled out of his bag of tricks and kick ass the old-fashioned way.

The cabin appeared exactly like a haunted cabin in the woods should look like. Actually, this one could easily be where the whole Hansel and Gretel myth came from.

The pure log building's old wood wasn't golden blonde anymore; these logs had become dark and wet with heavy moss growing on every beam. A short staircase led to the main door and the stairs looked completely rotted and sagging. Evenly-spaced windows surrounded the cabin on every wall, but most of the glass was broken. Frayed sheer curtains were snagged in the jagged edges as they tried to float with the whipping wind, that was sucking them into the outside.

The mossy roof was completely overgrown with ivy that I suspected had pushed its way into the house, by the look of the dilapidated shingles. And beyond the cabin lay more forest. I half wondered why we didn't simply fly to this spot when we first stumbled upon it, but now I could see that would have been impossible. The forest created a second roof over the structure and boxed the cabin in from every side. We stood in the only small clearing right now.

This cabin never saw light and never saw day.

Darkness every single moment of its existence, drowned and suffocated it.

No wonder it looked like a Rob Zombie set piece.

This is what I would look like, too, if I had to deal with that kind of repression.

I immediately thought of Seth and I felt punched in the chest.

Nate and Serena were first up the stairs, carefully stepping around the weaker looking spots. I held my breath and bravely followed forward. Jupiter flanked me, but I knew this was not out of fear. As the least visible out of all of us, it made sense for him to remain as undetected as possible.

At the door, Serena kicked it in, but she really didn't need to. Rotten wood that was already off its hinges, exploded at the slightest touch of her booted foot. She didn't wait around to comment but burst through the doorframe with Nate hot on her heels.

I sucked in another steadying breath and was right behind them with Jupiter only a half a second behind me.

We took in the even darker space. The cabin was just one giant room with a dead leaf and ivy covered floor. The vines had come out of the ceiling and wrapped around every available space, effectively obstructing whatever life could have been left here. This was not a friendly or pretty plant; this was destruction and domination at its most obvious.

But other than the aggressive vines, there was nothing here. No Shadows, no Fallen, no anything evil that was waiting in the Darkness to meet us.

Serena took a confused step forward and that's when it happened.

The floor gave way and we were all falling.

It was a strange feeling to be standing on solid ground one second and lose all sense in the next. I could have easily started floating or flying, but my mind was so discombobulated that I found myself lost in the heady, overwhelming sensation of losing my footing.

I wasn't the only one, since we all landed with the thud on a hard dirt floor.

My butt hurt. But I scrambled to my feet and managed to grapple hold of my flailing swords. When I finally managed to stand and regain my composure, I stepped back into a defensive formation, with my back to Serena, Nate and Jupiter's backs. Our swords pointed out and our Lights lit up brightly as much as we could without melting Jupiter.

Oddly, there was no debris or dust around us. The floor didn't collapse; the floor disappeared.

Vision. Hallucination. Or whatever. It was the Shadows and we fell for it.

Ok, we fell for it a bit willingly, but still.

And now I stood trapped in a basement with my enemies. This was my worst nightmare.

Aliah stepped forward from out of the dark corner; I was less surprised with this than any other moment in my life. It was like we were following a scary movie script, only if we kept following the one he wrote, this was not going to end well for us.

I did have the whole virgin thing working out for me. Wasn't that part of some Hollywood formula?

I was almost positive it would work for me to.

Well, Ok, not exactly positive.

"Thank you for joining us," Aliah greeted us warmly. "Stella, lovely to see you, as always. I'm surprised to see you twice in one day however. I didn't realize you were incapable of listening to simple directions." His accent was thick with impatience and I had to hold back a smug smirk.

"Oh, is Seth here?" I asked innocently. "I guess I didn't realize who was throwing this party."

Aliah motioned with his hand, and Seth and Seven walked into the glow of our light. They looked more related than ever before tonight- hauntingly beautiful, terrifyingly dangerous. And then out of the shadows stepped more Fallen than I had ever seen in one place. They lined the walls around us, armed, dangerous, menacing.

We were seriously out-numbered.

Which meant one thing. We were set up tonight. This was carefully planned. And by the Elders themselves. Or at least one of the Elders.

That was good news. A traitor was officially confirmed. I couldn't stop the grin this time. Although my current circumstances were nothing to smile at.

"You've complicated my plans, Stella," Aliah explained carefully.

He walked forward to within the reach of my sword, but Serena stepped in front of me and raised her own blade to his carefully groomed throat, "Ah, ah, ah, Aliah, my dear."

Aliah sighed impatiently, "Serena, you are wearing out my patience. I am under contract. I cannot hurt the child, but I can hurt you."

"I would love for you to try." Serena was such a beast. She was feral in her threat, almost drooling for this confrontation.

"Nathaniel gives you too much freedom." Aliah stepped forward into the tip of her blade. "You're wild without any restraint."

"Well, I don't like to keep her caged up, teetering on the verge of utter insanity, if that's what you mean," Nate bit out.

That comment was met with absolute quiet. Not even the forest around us dared to make a sound. Aliah's cold, calculating gaze shifted to each of us as if he were deciding his next move very carefully. Serena taunted him by pressing the tip of her blade into his jugular until drops of his blood painted her blade.

Finally, Aliah looked down at his watch and made an impatient noise in the back of his throat. He seemed to take another minute deep in thought as he stared down Serena and Nate.

"I would really enjoy killing you myself," he admitted with a sadistic grin. "I would make you suffer.... for a while. Until I got bored and your blood ran dry. But I just cannot spare the time tonight. Ah, well, at least I have the satisfaction that you will be dead. That pleases me immensely."

Serena didn't respond or even acknowledge his words in any way but became extremely still- I recognized this as her focusing. She easily morphed into granite muscles and steely resolve. She was now a force to be reckoned with; she was now the Sun she was meant to be.

Aliah ignored her building wrath, "Stella you'll have to go with Seth, I suppose."

Feeling a tad bit intimidated by the larger players in the room, my voice wasn't as strong or as taunting as it normally was when I said, "I'm not going anywhere with you."

"I disagree," he smiled pleasantly at me. "I'm under a contract that I have no intention of breaking, Stella. So come with Seth now."

"Go to hell," I ground out, feeling my old confidence return to me.

"Gladly," he grinned.

And then three things happened at once. Serena, in a move so silent, the sheer lack of sound frightened me, reared back her swords. Her right hand drove high above her head to bring down the killing blow; her left swung back in an effort to give her graceful momentum. She swung at the same time Aliah pulled out his sword with the speed of a Warrior in full capacity. Their blades clashed together with a resounding clash. But that was only a distraction- on Serena's part.

While Aliah was distracted by Serena's fierce blow, Nate lunged forward with sword arm raised and muscles bulging. I held my breath, watching the scene take place before me. He was going to kill him; Nate was going to get to Aliah's head.

From nowhere, Seven let out a god-awful screeching sound and lunged forward. She had been watching him the entire time. Ready with her sword, she leaped over Serena, plunging her sword through Nate's chest, all the way to the hilt. The force of her body, which was in itself shocking because of her size, took Nate back, away from Aliah and Serena. They fell together into a wall of Fallen standing around like an audience to a boxing match.

I watched in stunned horror as Seven just kept plunging the hilt of her sword deeper into his chest until her hands were covered in blood, until it spackled her face and pretty pink cocktail dress. She looked savage and insane.

Nate's face was frozen in horror as he looked down at the wound and the blood gushing out of his chest and flowing down his body like a river of carnage.

I felt sick. I was so sure I was going to throw up; I couldn't hold back my emotion. Then Serena broke her contact with Aliah and spun around to gape at the man she loved, her Counterpart, her reason for living and fighting.

She let no sound escape, no tear fall. She just stared on with abject horror and glowed brighter and brighter with each moment that passed. Time seemed to stand still, and even though only seconds passed, everything seemed to slow down until it was just barely moving.

Seven turned around and sucked the blood and gore from one of her fingers before moving onto the next. This time I knew I was going to be sick... I just needed.... I just....

I didn't even know.

"Well," Aliah broke the heavy silence. "It's been lovely catching up. Seth, your girl." His directions seemed pointed at me but my brain was struggling to catch up, to work properly again.

Suddenly Jupiter attacked and everything snapped back into place. I remembered the swords at my side and brought them up to use them. Seven was weaponless now, her blade almost permanently jammed into Nate's heaving chest, as he tried to breathe around the wound and pain.

Serena spun around again, to extract vengeance, I assumed, but this time five Fallen blocked Aliah from her, and were more than happy to engage her in a complicated sword battle. And just like that, the entire space was filled with Stars fighting Fallen, Shadows joining the assault with vile creatures from an underworld I did not even know exist.

I pushed my way into the fray, desperate to get away from Aliah and Seth, and more than frantic to reach Seven and end her.

She was insane- so damn insane. She couldn't function in real life; she wasn't meant to be alone. She probably wasn't even meant to be good because of this sickness existing in her even before her parents died. I had to kill her. I had to put her out of her misery.

I had to end whatever sick evil she was spreading on this planet.

She walked calmly through the fighting crowd. It wasn't hard for her to do. We were outnumbered forty to four and Nate was currently bleeding out on the floor. The other Fallen moved out of her way as she happily licked her fingers clean of blood.

She was just out of my reach, but I pulled my sword back anyway, determined to slice through her delicate little neck. And then my feet weren't touching the ground anymore and the cabin was shrinking beneath my rapid rise. A strong, familiar arm wrapped around my waist and held me against his solid body.

"Let me down, Seth!" I screamed even as the rushing air fought with my oxygen intake. He wasn't glowing, there was no Light coming out of his skin, instead it was something so much darker, more sinister, something that pulled out any hope I had for him from my body and replaced it with cold despair.

"You're going to get killed down there," he growled in my ear. "You're not supposed to be here."

"Let me go!" I was hysterical. My swords had slipped from my hands when he first grabbed me and I had nothing but fingernails to claw with and pull at his skin. "They're going to die! Let me go!"

"They don't matter," Seth was firm, unyielding. "It's you that I want safe. It's you that I'm doing this for."

"Jupiter's down there," I panted. Tears were streaming down my face now, panicky sobs pushing at my chest. "I have to get back there."

"No!" Seth shouted into my ear. "Understand why I did what I did! It was for you! And you continue to slap it in my face. I did this for you. Respect my actions!"

I could feel how dark and empty he was- how the Light had been sucked out of his skin and left nothing behind. His grip around my waist was tight to the point of pain and his fingers were digging into my side until I was sure there would be bone-deep bruises.

But if he would have lightened his grip just a fraction, I would have been able to escape.

Aliah was up in the air next to us then, "Bring her," he ordered Seth. "If she stays here, she'll die."

Seven joined us next, cackling and shaking her finger at me. "Such a naughty girl. But she makes it so fun!"

"Seven," Aliah bit out, and she instantly sobered. She went to him immediately in the air and he held her at arm's length with his hand firmly gripping her chin. "Too close, my pet. You cannot kill. You know this darling."

"But I want to kill," she whined, her eyes tearing immediately. She seemed so childlike again, completely at Aliah's beck and call. "I need to kill," she whispered and the sound sent chills skittering across my skin.

"The Fallen will always be out of your reach; that is how it has to be. Do you understand?"

She whimpered but nodded. Aliah leaned forward and kissed her sweetly on the nose. "Now be off, my sweet. We don't want to be late."

She immediately obeyed and I felt the impossible tightening of Seth's arms. At least he was affected, although I didn't know if it was for good or for bad.

Aliah turned to me in the sky, with that same sadistic but gentle expression. "Do you see how she teeters, Stella? What a fine line she walks. So close to evil, not quite one of the monsters that surrounds her. Can you imagine her inner turmoil? She's filled with all that glorious Light but we both know how far from redemption she is. She lives in the worst kind of limbo, wouldn't you agree?"

I gasped, but said nothing. How could I?

"And your Seth is next. It's only a matter of time. And then what will you do? How will you save the world then?"

I didn't respond, I couldn't. I had to prioritize my attack and compartmentalize my feelings. If I went with what I truly wanted, I would fly across the space between us and claw Aliah's eyes out with my bare hands. But, I had to get back to Jupiter and Serena and especially Nate.

My fingers brushed my belt, but Seth's grip was so tight that this was not an easy feat. Using the flexibility of a ninja, I slipped out my butterfly knife and flipped it open. Seeing I had a weapon, Seth lifted one arm to grab for it. I took that moment to jab it into his forearm right at his elbow. I drug it across his flesh, filleting it open so that blood and muscle spilled out. His useless arm dropped from my side. I let the momentum take me. I dropped down, desperate to get away from Seth and Aliah.

I heard them pursuing me, but Seth had not even let out a cry of pain. Aliah was shouting something obscene and threatening at me, but I was diving for the cabin. The whole sky was filled with Shadows now, in what looked like a black force field from above. They were solid in their awning over the cabin. And they were relentless. I could make out just one burning Light and it had to be Serena's. There weren't any other options.

"Come here," Seth shouted as he grabbed a hold of my torso again.

I flipped around and used my knife on him, jabbing it into his side and puncturing some major organ. He immediately went limp and I shoved him off me.

Now at this moment I couldn't take time to deliberate. I had one choice and that was to trust that Aliah wanted Seth alive. Seth was struggling to remain in air, but he was losing a lot of blood and I didn't stick around to watch.

It was the hardest thing I had ever done, but I took off again, without looking back. Aliah let out a string of aggressive obscenities in my direction, but I ignored them all and shot through the wall of Shadows, feeling every burn and pain straight to my bones. My friends were in trouble and not even Seth could keep me from them.

Chapter Eighteen

I landed on my feet and was swept into battle before I felt the ground underneath me. I only had my switchblade with me but my swords were somewhere on the ground. I just had to find them.

I was disoriented and emotionally destroyed, but I had to fight. I had to find a way out of this for us.

I didn't know if it was possible... there was just so much Darkness.

Serena was completely surrounded. I couldn't even see her body or form, just her Light. Then came the sound of her swords slashing away at her enemies.

Jupiter was somewhere with her, too, but I couldn't make out either him or Nate. I assumed one of them was protecting Nate, but it was impossible to tell. Serena's Light was too dangerous and hot for Jupiter to function near, but too many sounds of death and gore made it difficult to really be able to pinpoint anything.

My dagger flew around me, but it wasn't enough. I burned bright, as bright as I could before Jupiter wouldn't stand a chance anymore. He had to get out of here. And he needed to take Nate with him. We had more of a chance if we could remove our weakest links.

And if I could find my swords.

Shadows were cutting at my arms whenever I swiped at them, and my bag of tricks with the small blade only went so deep. They were everywhere. Swarming, cutting, slicing, destroying.

This was Hell. This was it.

And I saw no way out.

I tried to cry out to Serena or Jupiter, but it was almost impossible to make coherent sound come out of my mouth. I was fatigued and on the verge of losing control of my Light. Usually this was a containable force inside of me that I occasionally lost control of in small amounts when I wasn't paying attention. Currently, it was a living, fire-breathing dragon inside of me, desperate to protect myself. But if I let my Light out it would destroy Jupiter and the surrounding forest.

Not that I cared a ton about the trees over my own life, but something as unexplainable as heat that just disintegrates everything around it, is not easily explained to the human world. And my job wasn't to confuse them and raise questions, my job was to protect them.

"Jupiter!" Serena's voice cut above all the other sounds of battle. Then words came from her mouth in a different language that I didn't understand. Her instructions were rapid and commanding. I didn't speak the old language, but I was almost positive her commands were the same as my thoughts.

I continued to fight, but I was losing. My Light burned bright but soon enough the Shadows were braving exposure to slash at my arms and neck. I needed my swords.

Jupiter shouted back something in the same language and then I heard the intensity of the battle increase. Jupiter was fighting to get to Nate and pick him up. I moved toward the sound as quickly as the Shadows would let me, which wasn't very fast since I had to take the time to kill everything in my path.

I finally found Jupiter, still fighting, still trying to cover Nate. There was no way he could fight off the Shadows and deal with a fading Nate. It was asking too much of his multitasking skills.

"I'll fend them off, but you have to get him out of here," I grunted through a breathless, raspy voice I didn't even recognize. Pain so deep and searing, felt to the marrow of my bones, cascaded over me; I felt like I was bleeding from every pore.

"Where is your weapon?" Jupiter panted back.

"Somewhere on the floor," I admitted, waiting for his scolding.

But it never came. Instead he said, "I'm going to give you my sword, but then I will have nothing. Cover me until I can get Nate out of here."

"Alright," I heaved on a determined breath.

"Stella," his voice was grave and eerily calm. "Get out of this alive."

I smiled despite myself but didn't answer; I couldn't spare the strength. All at once the hilt of Jupiter's long, heavy sword was pushed into my hand and I went to work. This weapon was so different than mine. Where my blades were light and thin, this one was extremely weighty and thick. The tip came to a V-point and the hilt required me to hold it with two hands.

I adjusted it to a comfortable position while still swinging it around, but truthfully I felt out of control with this foreign thing. It was so much bigger than anything I had held and even though my muscles were well developed after hours and hours of practice, I was still swinging it around wildly and without any kind of obvious skill or precision.

But it did its job.

No matter how flailing my moves were, the blade still sliced through flesh and landed killing blows. And that was the most important thing.

I felt Jupiter move behind me in an effort to pick up Nate. And I protected them as best as I could.

There were so many factors working against us that my anxiety only sky rocketed, despite the weapon I now had.

First, Jupiter could fly, but he wasn't supernaturally strong. He was in shape, but not superman and Nate was heavy. Nate was a warrior, all muscle, tall, thick and currently dead weight. And on top of it all, I wondered how Jupiter would even hold him because his wound was in his stomach and I imagined Jupiter needed to hoist him over his shoulder

Plus, the Shadows incessantly attacking didn't do anything to make the situation easier.

While Jupiter struggled behind me, I covered myself in the black, sticky ooze of the Shadows felled by my blade. I was relentless, if not a little clumsy and brutal while pushing past the exhaustion and pain. My arms were trembling by now, my legs numb. My vision was almost completely obscured by goo and blood and sweat.

The hard truth was- we were losing.

Serena's Light was so bright I could feel her heat on my skin, and I desperately wanted to match her intensity. But there was no way I could without seriously injuring Jupiter or even Nate whose full abilities were not at his fingertips.

I somehow heard Nate behind me over the gory sounds of battle. The sound was memorable in the macabre and traumatizing kind of way. He was struggling to breathe as blood curdled in his lungs. It was the ugliest sound I had ever heard, the ragged intake of breath and then hissing outtake. I heard the liquid in his windpipe and lungs with every breath.

The sound twisted my heart and urged me to fight harder, be stronger, kill faster.

But there was no dent to be made in this constant stream of Shadows. And the only reason we weren't completely overtaken was the little damage our Light did. Also, because the Shadows were solid, organic beings, they couldn't converge on us at once- in some messed up, stupid way, they had to wait their turn.

"This isn't working!" I finally screamed at Serena.

She said nothing right away but her Light pressed against the limitations of this world as she pushed it further out. Jupiter screamed in agony behind me- a sound that would also carry over into my nightmares. I heard a thump and an "oof" of air being released. I glanced back for just a moment to find that Jupiter had blacked out, and through my special night vision I could see his skin blistering and red, his clothes melting away.

My clothes were starting to melt now too and I was positive even Serena's leathers had to be close, if not completely disintegrated.

"Jupiter passed out, Serena!" I yelled desperately. "Your Light is too bright!"

She screamed out a battle cry of frustration but pulled her brightness back barely and continued fighting. And still the Shadows kept coming. And now that both Nate and Jupiter were incapacitated behind me, I couldn't hold off the Darkness for much longer. Nate might survive... but Jupiter would die.

Unless I did something now, Jupiter would die.

Our only option was retreat.

But how would we get out of here?

"Serena, you have to take them! Find a church, go back to the farm, find some place to hide!"

"No!" she screamed back. "I cannot leave you!"

"You have to! They will die if you don't!" Each word came with the price of a deeper exhaustion and impossible breathlessness. But I had to explain. "I can't lift them. I'm not strong enough to carry them both back. And you're faster than me. If you don't take them we all die. Serena.... you.... have.... to go!"

Each of my words was punctuated with a swing of the sword. Shadows were relatively simple to kill; stab them in the chest/heart region and they died. But there were so many of them that it was never ending. And I was feeling the effects of their bone-chilling evil in every blood vessel and atom in my body.

"Just so you know," Serena bellowed. "I'll follow you're plan, but I do not like it!"

I smiled, despite myself. "Then go! Get out of here!"

She fought her way over to me. We both had to dim our Lights even further when she got close enough to where the true meat of it- that which was closest to our bodies- touched. We were even stronger together, which was normally a good thing, but not with Jupiter hanging out behind us face down in the dirt.

"I don't even know if I can get out of here," she panted.

"Just get them and go. I'll cover you the best that I can. You have to get Jupiter out of here, though or I'll start him on fire."

"It's annoying that he's not one of us," She grunted.

And then before I could say anything else or give some kind of heartfelt goodbye speech, she dropped one of her swords at my feet, tucked the other one into the sheath at her side and scooped Nate over her shoulder and then Jupiter.

Out of the corner of my eye I watched her totter to the left. Her Light would make her stronger but she couldn't use it while she was holding Jupiter. I lunged in front of her, determined to block as many of the Shadows as I could and she struggled to take off.

She was carrying the weight of two full grown men with maybe twenty percent of her ability aiding her.

"Just use it," I screamed over the sound of gore and shrieking around us. "We're all dead if you stay. He has a better chance if you get him out of here. Just dim-out as soon as you can."

"You're right, Starling," Serena shouted back. "When did you get so smart?"

I grinned at her, but then I got Shadow blood in my mouth so I wiped my lips against my shoulder, which was actually covered with more goo. Bleh.

She didn't say goodbye this time either, just lit up, stood up straighter and then burst through the cover of Shadows like the biggest, brightest firework. She exploded upwards. I allowed myself to watch until she reached the brightest atmosphere that Jupiter could stand and then dimmed to a tolerable level for Jupiter.

I didn't know where they were going but I truly hoped there was a sacred building around. The movies had gotten that part right about all things evil. If a place was sacred or blessed than they could not enter. That was trickier than it seemed.

Not every church or religious building had been blessed, so you had to pick them out carefully. And not every blessed building was an obviously religious place. Like my home.

That Seth had stayed at just the other night.

Which meant he wasn't entirely evil.

At least not yet.

Focus.

When I felt Serena was a safe enough distance away I paused with my sword at my side and let my Light burn. My clothes wouldn't completely burn away, but they would melt to my body. It was painful, but necessary, just like the Light.

And I chose not to worry about those small details right now. I just enjoyed the Light. Every part of me became swallowed up in the brilliance and purity of my golden essence shooting from every part of me. My body tingled with the heat, my hair lifted off my shoulders, moving in some supernatural way that kept it out of my face and I was nothing but a bright, burning ball of pure, raw Light.

I wasn't even close to burning as bright as I could, especially if I was off planet but the shrieking around me increased to a deafening roar and the structure- all those pieces and parts that weren't part of the hallucination caught fire.

Now it wasn't just my Light, but the flames licking at anything they could reach, spreading out beyond the cabin and to the surrounding forest.

My sword burned brightly in my hand, the silver blade heating to a fiery red, but the quality remained. Yep, Jupiter's sword was definitely not from this planet.

I held my Light, feeling more alive than I ever had in my entire life, until I was positive I would at least have some breathing room before the remaining Shadows attacked. The house crackled and snapped around me, as beams caught fire and slowly fell apart. The walls collapsed in heaps of ash and brokenness with some debris falling at my feet, some scattering into the fires beyond the dig-out of the basement. I stayed like that for as long as I could, until I felt evil retreat and the shrieking stop.

When I was certain I was alone, I reigned the brightness back; it was like I was a candle and someone simply blew me out. One minute there was a Light bright enough to see from space, the next, just an empty forest clearing that was on fire. But other than that... no Shadows or other hellish creatures.

The night was still black and the forest still creepy, but whatever was left of that evil receded into whatever portal of Hell they escaped from. I looked up at the fire blazing around the edges of where the house once stood. I was in the basement still, my feet on charred, dusty dirt. My swords lay in the center of the room, seeming randomly placed. The walls were completely blackened and charred, if not completely burned to dust, and the cabin had been completely decimated around me.

There was no love lost for the death of this particular cabin though. As a general rule, cabins like this belonged solely in scary movies.

I needed to do something about the fire. Or at least call someone who could do something about it.

I had powers, but they weren't all-inclusive. I couldn't switch from Lava Girl to Aquaman or anything.

I picked my way through the debris and gathered my swords along with Serena's discarded one. I had Jupiter's as well. And despite my better than average coordination, it was awkward carrying that many sharp weapons.

I swiped the hair that had escaped my ponytail back- it was filthy and covered in ash. Then I let out a long sigh. That wasn't the end of this. That was more like.... half-time. And my friends.... Jupiter and Nate were both seriously injured. Hopefully Nate would be better soon, but.... Jupiter. There was no way to tell if he'd survive or not. I needed to find them.

An overwhelming sadness settled over me and I took a few more breaths to find control of my emotions. Because at the root of my heartache and intense pain wasn't just Nate and Jupiter, wasn't even mostly Nate and Jupiter. While I was worried and anxious for them, the worst of my pain came from Seth.

I had attacked him. I had cut him. I had left him free-falling in an effort to get away from him!

What was wrong with me?

What was wrong with him!

I floated to the surface and surveyed the forest fire raging around me. It seemed to be dying out as it moved into the forest. It wasn't dry here- in fact it was the opposite. Everything was wet and mossy; no sun warmed the ground or dried out the ground. The fire was losing steam. That was a good thing.

But still it made a ring around me, almost a perfect circle, and the trees above had been cleared from my destruction so that this was now a proper clearing.

I felt him before I saw him. Instinct and something deeply still connected to him sensed his presence.

He stood on the border, a part of the fire, but untouched by it. I turned toward him and stilled.

He had begged me not to give up on him. He had made me promise.

But we were only a few weeks in and everything had already fallen apart. I tried to imagine the next fifteen months and what they would be like, but all I saw was Darkness, death and pain. And what about beyond that? That was if I lived past my eighteenth birthday.

How would Seth heal from this?

Tears slid from my eyes, unwelcomed and confusing. I loved this man. And he had set me and my friends up for death. Maybe not him specifically, but he was a part of it.

And didn't stop it.

Could he have stopped it, even if he wanted to?

More confusion.

When I locked eyes with him, he stepped out of the fire and walked slowly over to me. His Light, or non-Light, or whatever the Fallen had in place of Light receded and he stood before me just a boy- just Seth.

More tears fell, faster and quicker and completely unbidden. I didn't want him to see me this broken, wretched, and fragmented without him.

"I had to see." His voice was stripped and desolate. His already vacant eyes were almost black with whatever emotions were running through his body. He looked savage standing in front of me, savage and achingly beautiful. "I had to see if you made it."

"I did," I whispered. He was breaking me all over again, twisting me, clawing at all of my important parts and organs until there would be nothing left of me. I couldn't go through this over and over again. I couldn't let him destroy me like this every time he was with me and every time he wasn't.

His hand reached up to run a finger over my cheek. It trembled as he touched me so gently. And when the curve of his finger touched my skin he closed his eyes against the simple sensation.

We were only standing an arm's reach apart but it felt like miles between us- miles and miles and miles of miserable distance, where he stood on one plane of existence and I stood on another.

He slowly opened his eyes and drank me in like a man deprived of every vital sustenance. His eyes caught fire then, just like the one raging all around us. Branches snapped with the heat of the fire, grass and dirt crackled as it went on and on. And that was exactly what felt like was happening to my body. He was burning me up slowly, methodically and when he was finished I would be nothing but ash and dust.

I saw a trace of something other than emptiness in him and I knew it had to do with me. Like he said, I was his tether to whatever goodness was left inside him. I was his anchor.

I dropped the four swords I was still holding at my feet. They hit the black, charred ground with a clank and bounced away.

I jumped on this moment, hoping to bring out whatever of his former self I could. "Jupiter and Nate were pretty severely injured tonight."

"I don't care," he answered plainly. He took a step into me and towered over me. "I don't care about them."

"You should-"

"The only thing I care about is you."

"But they're your friends," I insisted.

"Stella, let me be clear. There is one thing in my life I live for, one thing I survive for... and that is you. There is no one else. There will be no one else. It's you. And I'm lost without you."

The tears fell harder and a sob hiccupped in my chest. "I stabbed you tonight." I cried. My eyes flickered over his still open and raw wounds, but he didn't seem to notice them at all. I realized the fire might not have touched him, but he was covered in dried blood and dirt. He looked beat up and it was all my fault. "Seth, I stabbed you!"

He yanked me against his chest and wrapped his arms around me so tightly I had to struggle for breath. It wasn't a sweet or gentle move, he was brutal and rough and not at all himself.

But at the same time he was. He was the same boy so devoted and loyal to me that he was almost blinded by it. He was still intense and commanding, still vulnerable and broken. He was Seth in the most important ways and that broke me even deeper.

"And you'll probably stab me again," he chuckled darkly. "Keep me contained, Stella. You have to keep me contained."

I lost the battle with my emotions completely then. Whatever hold I had on them disappeared and I sank into his chest a heap of tears and sobs and loud, grieving cries. He tightened his grip and held me, just held me.

My chest was so tight and pained that I thought for sure it would explode. My eyes burned and my throat was raw from an eruption of emotions.

"I need you too!" I shouted at him. "What about me? What am I supposed to do without you?"

His tone gentled and he shushed me and soothed me by rubbing a line up and down my spine with careful, tender fingers.

"Tether me to you, Stella and I will do the same for you," he whispered harshly in my ear. His lips brushed the shell of my ear, and I melted into him. Even while I wondered what it would do to my own soul if I let it be owned by someone like Seth- someone who wasn't himself and who had no idea who he actually was? I nodded into his chest. What choice did I have? He already owned me- body, soul, spirit. I was his.

I had always been his.

"Alright," I whispered. "Alright."

He pulled back and stared into my eyes intently. He was looking for something or maybe he was just looking. And once he found it, he couldn't restrain himself anymore. His lips crashed against mine in a desperate plea to connect. And I reciprocated immediately- there was no other choice for me. I had to kiss him back, just like I had to breathe, just like I had to live.

He tasted like soot, and wind and fire. His lips were soft but unyielding, demanding but caressing. His hands clutched me to his body, possessing me with their need and strength. I loved this man. I loved him more than anything or anyone.

And it suddenly felt imperative to tell him that.

Even if it wasn't really him or he wasn't coherent enough to care.

I pulled back, trying to separate our lips, trying to tell him that but he followed me. His tongue swept inside my mouth and he groaned at the hot, wet contact with mine. He consumed my mouth with so much dominance it almost frightened me. And then his lips were moving all over my skin- down my neck, across my jaw, along my exposed collarbones. I was gasping for air but lost in his assault on all of my senses. This wasn't a kiss, this was raw, desperate need.

His lips came back to mine on a deep groan of satisfaction and I knew I would never be the same after this moment. I hated that he had to lose himself before we came to this place, but I would never go back, I would never relinquish the ground we made through this struggle.

"I love you," the words fell from my mouth like my next breath. "I love you."

He froze. His entire body went rigid, each muscle completely tensed and solidified. His hands gripped me painfully and his forehead rested against mine. We stayed there for endless minutes while we breathed the same air. The fire slowly started to die out around us.

"Say it again," he demanded with a voice that sounded like it had been torn to shreds.

"I love you," I whispered, the tears freely falling again.

He let out a shaky breath and relaxed his grip on me. "This will be the moment that gets me through everything else. This moment with you and your words and your beautiful lips."

I cried harder and he pulled me against him again, only this time he was gentle. He held me to him and I trembled all over him.

"I love you," I said again because I knew he needed to hear it. He didn't say it back. I wasn't even sure if he was capable of saying it, let alone feeling it. But if he didn't today, he would someday. Because I would fight the rest of my life if I had to to bring him back.

Maybe there still existed a larger purpose in my life than Seth, but I couldn't remember it. Right now he was my entire world and I would do anything to save him, to keep him tethered to me like he said.

We stood there holding each other for a very long time- until the night air started to lighten and dawn broke on the horizon. He eventually pulled back and whispered, "I need to go."

"I know."

He stepped away robotically and clenched his fists at his side. He turned away but then looked back over his shoulder and closed his eyes. "One more time," his voice was ravaged and raw, "Say it one more time."

"I love you," I promised.

And then he was gone. When I could finally move again I left too. I left the fire to die out, the cabin to continue to rot and my heart to bleed out all over that space.

Chapter Nineteen

"I don't want to go," I grumbled firmly.

My mom gave me an appraising look. I was sprawled out in my bed, in dirty sweats and without a shower. She let out a long suffering sigh and plopped on the bed with me.

We laid their silently for a while, heads touching on my pillow, but bodies angled away from each other and just breathed. It was Saturday and she wanted to take me dress shopping for prom, but I couldn't seem to drag myself out of bed.

It had been two weeks since I had seen Seth.

Two weeks since I had been able to check on him, make sure he was alright, feel out how he was holding up.

Two weeks since my heart had been completely ripped from my chest and filleted on the ground in that stupid forest.

Two weeks since I told him I loved him.

I hadn't seen him anywhere.

Not for lack of trying.

I went out nightly with Serena while Nate and Jupiter healed, and when Nate was better I continued to tag along. When I wasn't actively fighting, I was training relentlessly. And the only time I wasn't training I was in school.

I had become a ruthless machine. A single-minded instrument determined to save Seth from the living Hell he lived in, and in the process possibly save me from my own special kind of darkness.

I felt like I was spiraling out of control. Not only had he been taken from me, but while I lived, breathed, existed in this perfectly normal world, he was surviving some kind of nightmare. I felt lost without him, ungrounded and without footing. The earth beneath my feet had been stripped away and there was nothing to catch me while I disappeared into the eternal depths of nothing.

There were other things in my life, but they were like sifting sand as I tried to grasp onto anything to keep me steady.

And while he wasn't the only one that noticed something was different about me, Tristan definitely picked up on my melancholy.

But it was more than that. My heart felt ripped in two, separated to opposite ends of the Earth. I couldn't do this. I couldn't be apart from Seth like this.

I honestly felt a little pathetic.

"Stella," my mom's rational and patient voice cut through my thoughts. "You told Tristan you would go with him. Don't you want to look nice?"

"I'm not sure," I admitted. "I'm not sure I want to go anymore."

She scooted over a little so she could pull her head back and look at me. I felt the full force of her golden gaze on me. Her eyes were like yellow gold without her contacts, bright, liquid and so perceptive I wanted to crawl under my bed.

"You can't obsess over Seth every moment of your life, sweets." Her voice was so very gentle it made me irrationally emotional. "You have to live outside of his.... predicament. Or you're going to drive yourself crazy."

I thought for a moment I would cry simply from frustration. Tears pricked at the corners of my eyes for just a moment before sadness turned to a burning anger with a ferocity that turned to acid in my veins and burned in my stomach hotter than lava.

My mom continued, "Seth did this for you, so that you could be safe, so you could.... prepare. So you could live. He's suffering for nothing unless you do your part in this."

"And my part includes going to prom?" I asked dryly.

My mom's face split into a wide grin, caught in her duplicitous pep talk. "Well, maybe that wasn't specifically why he signed over his soul, but I know he wouldn't be happy if you laid in bed every day or missed out on the humanity you love so dearly." She paused; maybe to wait for me to respond, but I didn't really have anything to say to that. She was right. "Whatever happens to Seth, he did this as a gift to you, Stella. I don't think you should spend every night dancing the night away, but you are allowed to go to prom without guilt or fear of failure. Enjoy the night. Enjoy humanity. Enjoy Tristan."

I looked at my mom carefully, hearing the very loud undercurrent of her words. Tristan was not my future according to my parents- well, according to everyone. She was telling me to enjoy prom with him because there wouldn't be other nights with him. Seth hadn't just given me time to come into my powers, he had given me time to spend exclusively with Tristan.

Even if that wasn't exactly Seth's purpose.

When I turned eighteen everything would change. I would gain my powers but give up the world I lived and participated in.

I would give up my friends, my family and Tristan.

I sat up slowly. Prom was suddenly very important; extremely vital to my survival.

My mom smiled up at me. "Get showered. We'll leave as soon as you're ready."

I tried to smile back at her but it wobbled and then my chin started quivering and the righteous anger I felt just moments ago dissolved immediately into fear of the unknown.

But my mom was there to immediately pull me into her arms and hold me close to her. "Everything will be alright, Stella. Everything. I promise you. We will work this out."

I nodded into her shoulder and took a few steadying breaths. I had to pull myself together if I wanted to get through the day. I had to be strong.

I was strong.

I just sometimes forgot that.

I showered quickly and did the whole blow dryer, makeup thing. I pulled on a knee-length button-up navy blue dress with small white polka dots to get me in the mood for dress shopping. The dress was stiff cotton and so I paired it with a pair of worn-in cowboy boots and a long sheer cream cardigan. I left my hair down and after the blow dryer it was a little bit wild, but I was just going out with my mom.

I felt a million times better dressed and clean. My dagger was firmly strapped to my thigh, another one thrown into my hobo bag and mom's car was outfitted with enough swords that if her car was ever pulled over and searched by local law enforcement she would be dragged away to jail while her picture was plastered all over national news: Country Housewife Plans Harvest Massacre.

I bounded down the stairs and met my mom with a more confident smile. She put her cup of coffee down and dropped a kiss on my dad's forehead. He was at the table with a still-healing Jupiter, looking over the Alpha Heiros- it was like an instruction manual and history book all in one, everything a Warrior or Star would need to know about defeating the dark side.

It was our Obi Wan.

My dad looked up and gifted me with a proud smile, but Jupiter didn't even grunt a hello. Although to be fair, most of his face was still bandaged from his extensive burns and his arm was in a sling.

I dropped a kiss on my dad's head and patted Jupiter's good shoulder when I walked by.

"Bye, Dad!" I called out. "Bye, Jupiter."

This time he snorted.

I followed my mom out the kitchen door and then ran into her back when she abruptly stopped. "Who are you?" she snapped and her dagger was in her swift fingers before I could even look around her shoulder.

"A friend of Stella's," the other person answered.

Great.

"What are you doing here, Jude?" I walked around my mother since she was refusing to move and crossed my arms. I glanced over my shoulder to make sure the door was closed, but had to assume my dad could hear this entire thing. He just trusted my mom enough to know she would decimate anything that tried to harm me.

Jude's eyes flickered over me from cowboy-booted toes to my voluminous long hair that was flipping frantically in the warm breeze. I watched his pupils grow big and had to assume it was from surprise. I probably looked a little like a wannabe cowgirl Barbie.

My school wardrobe had been pretty gothic lately- as black as my mood had been. So it made sense that he was surprised by my tamed if not somewhat country appearance.

"I was just, uh," Jude's gaze hopped back and forth between my mom and me nervously. I wanted to laugh, but in no way did I want to make him feel comfortable here. "I was just checking on you. Doing my job and what not."

"What exactly is your job?" my mom, every bit of the fierce warrior princess she was, asked slowly.

"Mom, this is Jude," I reluctantly made introductions. "He's the third in the third party soul contract."

My mom straightened somewhat, but did not put her blade down. "You're the third?"

"I know! Completely unbelievable right?" I agreed dramatically- partly because it was unbelievable they chose someone so young, and the other part just to piss Jude off.

Jude's eyes narrowed on me, but he took a step forward and reached a hand out to my mom. This was kind of like a backhanded compliment, a Fallen trying to shake hands with a Star, but it wasn't exactly an aggressive move either.

My mom eyed his hand, but in the end she kept a firm hold on her knife and just looked at him curiously. "Celina Day."

Jude pulled his hand back and ran it through his unkempt hair. "Pleasure," he grinned devilishly.

I pushed my mom gently on the back to get her going. "Well, as you can see, I'm perfectly fine and alive. Bye, Jude."

Mom and I walked down the stairs and toward her car. I felt Jude take off after us and desperately wished my dad would step out of the house and take care of him for us.

As in permanently.

"Where are you going?" he pulled ahead just fast enough so he could lean on the back door of the Malibu.

"Dress shopping," I gritted. I didn't mean to answer truthfully, but his question caught me off guard.

My mom played with her car keys and finally put her dagger away. She eyed Jude suspiciously. I tried to catch her eye to beg her to kick him out, but she just continued to watch him carefully.

"Sounds fun," Jude said brightly.

I scowled at him. He obviously had a motive for being here that was more than just checking to make sure I was alive, but I couldn't figure out what it was.

"Alright-"

"Sure, I'll come." He bounced off the car and opened the back door so he could crawl inside.

I grabbed his wrist to stop him. "I'm sorry, what?"

"I said I would come," he answered very slowly, like I was having trouble understanding him. And then in case I needed more explaining he said, "With you. Dress shopping."

"No," I shook my head vehemently. "Uh, no. No way. That's not happening."

He tilted his chin and regarded me thoughtfully. "It will be safer if I go with you."

"You're not my body guard Jude, you're part of a contract that I don't fully acknowledge and your one true job in this life is to simply make sure one of your friends doesn't try to take my head. I doubt prom shopping is a clause in your contract."

"Ah ha! You doubt, so you don't exactly know whether it is or not."

"You're really going to try to tell me that you are obligated to go clothes shopping with me?" I knew there was no way in Hell that he was, but I also found it slightly amusing that he was trying to make this his case.

"Yes," he answered evenly.

"You're lying."

"I'm Fallen, I'm supposed to lie." A light went out in his eyes when he said that. It was like one moment he was enjoying torturing me the same way I enjoyed chocolate chip pancakes, and then he was vacant and hollow.

"Why do you want to go shopping with us so bad?" I whined, knowing that he was much more dangerous as the broken bad boy than the obnoxious stalker. I felt sorry for him and my conscience all of a sudden wanted to make a case for him. Maybe he was lonely, maybe he needed a friend, maybe his life was in jeopardy if he didn't do his job better.

Which was all stupid since I couldn't care less what happened to Jude and would be grateful if he was taken off my hands.

His eyes softened some; they seemed more human than ever before, and he looked up from under those thick eye lashes and.... and then didn't say anything. He just looked at me like I should be able to fill in the blanks.

"You can come," my mom announced. She had been peculiarly quiet until then. Her hand rested casually on the top of the car and even though her eyes were still intently watching Jude, they seemed to have softened some.

"What?" I screeched.

"Better to have him with us where we can see exactly what he's up to than skulking in the shadows."

My gaze swiveled back to Jude and I narrowed my eyes. He had three seconds to back out of this or I was going to stab him in the kidney- for real.

"I prefer to think of it as light lurking, but I appreciate the consideration." Jude grinned at me and then slid down into the seat and slammed the door in my face.

"Mom," I hissed. "What are you doing?"

"Stella, this boy is our enemy," she explained firmly. "But he's also out of our reach and charged with spending the next year with you. I want to get to know as much about him as possible. I will feel better when I have been able to study him."

And then she climbed into her seat and slammed the door.

I supposed she had a point. It would be beneficial to everyone if we knew more about Jude and the forces he worked with. Plus, maybe he had seen Seth recently.

Only muttering a little bit under my breath, I walked around the car and got into the passenger's side. We had almost an hour drive into Omaha and the mall we were planning to shop at. I had to endure the entire trip with Jude behind me.

As soon as my mom pulled out onto the main highway the back window rolled down and we were immediately hit with the suck and pull of rapid wind. I grabbed at my hair so I could keep it from whipping my mom in the face and whirled around to face Jude.

"Close the window," I growled.

He was playing with a cigarette wedged between his middle and third finger, rolling it back and forth, back and forth. Slowly his gaze tore away from his nicotine addiction and raised an eyebrow at me.

"I need to smoke," he said carefully. He slipped the tip of his cigarette in between his lips and pressed them down around the cigarette. "I was being thoughtful."

"Being thoughtful means waiting to smoke when you're not in a crowded car."

He took the cigarette back out of his mouth and squeezed the tip between those same fingers and looked at me like he wanted to strangle me. "You're not being a very gracious hostess today."

"You're not going to smoke in this car, no matter how much you insult me."

He groaned and then draggd his free hand down his face. "God, it's like you honestly have a giant stick up your ass all the time. It's just a cigarette."

"Mom!" I enlisted help.

"Keep the window down, Jude," my mother said sternly. And then she rolled down her window an inch so there was better airflow.

Jude grinned at me and immediately lit up. He inhaled deeply and his eyes sort of rolled back in his head in an expression of pure bliss. I gaped at him. And then at my mother. And then back at him.

What was happening?

"Mom!" My voice sounded way too pitchy.

She just shrugged her shoulder. "It was nice of him to be so considerate. I want to reward his good behavior."

That did nothing but baffle me further. But Jude found a way to speak for us. "Thank you Celina. I appreciate your hospitality. If only it was genetic."

I whipped my head around to burn a hole through his chest with my superheated hands but he blew a stream of white smoke in my face before I could say anything. I sat back sputtering and coughing, swiping my hands in front of my face.

"You're vile," I growled finally.

"This is going to be such a fun day," he beamed.

Chapter Twenty

The mall was busy on Saturday and the prom dress stock was low. That's what I got for waiting until a week before prom to look for a dress. My mom and I were on a mission though. We were determined.

Surprisingly Jude didn't complain at all. At least not about the monotonous shopping. He would always give me a disapproving look whenever I picked out a dress that was not up to his standards.

Which was apparently all of them.

And he insisted on being a very active part in our selecting process.

The weirdest part was that my mom went along with it, giving him everything he wanted. In fact, he had almost stopped talking to me completely, in favor of bonding with my mom.

It was very confusing and I hated it.

"Maybe you should try a different style," Jude suggested after we had been through almost every dress in the latest department store.

I just snorted.

"Jude might be right, kid," my mom held up an option that was nothing like the long, full gowns I'd been drawn to most of the day.

I was mesmerized by it, completely hypnotized by the delicate, feminine lines and pretty detailing. I took it from her, and noticed I was wearing a smile for the first time since we arrived at the mall. I immediately took off for the dressing room and stripped.

Struggling with the zipper just a little bit, I finally wrangled myself into it and then walked out into the dressing room hallway so I could get a better look in their three-paneled mirror.

I pulled my hair over my shoulder and admired the gorgeous dress that fit me perfectly. The shimmery, pale, nude material highlighted the golden color of my skin. The high, modest neck, styled in a boat neck fashion ended in cap sleeves just over my shoulders. A sweetheart-shaped satin front made it acceptable for places other than nude beaches.

Despite initially appearing ultra-modest, the back was almost completely sheer until the middle of my back, where glittery, gold detailing created a pattern of elegant, long stemmed flowers all the way to the hem. The stems wrapped around to the front, making the satin interesting and delicate. The skirt flared out with layer after layer of the bronzed tulle and ended mid-thigh in ballerina-esque detail.

"Wow, Stella," my mom breathed. "You're stunning."

I looked up to smile at her but caught Jude's eyes instead. He was leaning against the doorway to the changing room, playing with another cigarette. His eyes were dark from this far away, but our gazes seemed to tangle together and get stuck in a third grade staring contest.

I lifted one eyebrow in sarcastic expectation. He apparently couldn't think of anything though, but finally he just nodded his approval and then ducked back into the main part of the store.

I sighed at his weirdness and turned around to my mom, "This is the one. It's perfect."

"Tristan is going to die," she agreed quickly.

"I thought you were Team Seth?" I asked jokingly.

She gave me a look that said she was way too mature to play these games but then laughed ruining her entire image of maturity. "I'm Team Prom. It doesn't matter who takes you as long as you get to look this lovely!"

"I think I'm Team Prom, too," I laughed. I reached under my arm and looked at the price tag. "Holy cow, it's kind of expensive though." A sick feeling settled in my stomach at the price of this one dress. I still needed shoes.

"Let me see." My mom walked over and held the tag in her own hands for a while before looking up at me with a resolved expression on her face. "We're buying this dress. It doesn't matter how much it is."

"Mom, can we afford it?" I whispered.

"Sure," she shrugged with an easy going smile. "Money is just money. We can make more. Or we can lose it all. It doesn't really matter. This place is not our home, Stella."

"Who are you? What have you done with my mother?" I gaped.

She shook her head at me and straightened the top of my dress a little before saying, "If anything, this whole thing with Seth has made us realize how important this time is for you. When you turn eighteen everything is going to change for you. You only have a little bit of time left to make the most of this gift of freedom and independence. Your father and I want you to make the most of it. We know how hard that will be while Seth is taken away from you, though. And that's why moments like these are all the more important. I want you to go to prom and have the time of your life. I want you to enjoy humanity while you still can."

Her speech brought tears to my eyes as it sank in. I would be done with humanity in just under fifteen months- completely done. She was right about making the most of the time I was given. I just hated that Seth couldn't be a part of this, too.

Still, I understood her point and really wanted the dress anyway.

"Yay!" I squealed in a tiny voice. I whirled around to admire the dress for a few more minutes before it was time to take it off.

"I'm going to see if I can find some shoes to go with it," my mom beamed at me and then slipped out the open doorway.

I rocked back and forth on my bare feet admiring the dress in every angle and on every side. I felt so pretty. I just loved it.

Jude reappeared behind me, like a thunder cloud on my bright sunny day. I barely gave him an acknowledging glance before returning back to the staring at the dress.

"Tristan's a lucky guy."

I looked up and met Jude's eyes in the mirror. He was closer than I thought he was and I jumped a little, surprised by his body standing right behind me. His voice was growly and a bit hoarse. And his charcoal eyes looked black in this dim light.

I whirled around and the movement brought the strong smell of smoke and mint into my nose. He must have disappeared to go smoke really quickly.

"You snuck up on me," I breathed, feeling inexplicably out of breath.

"You know," he smirked. "For a Star, you are not very good at the surprise attack thing."

"Are you surprise attacking me?" I asked purposefully naive.

"Maybe," he answered seriously.

A shiver skittered down my spine. I had no idea what he meant. Was he being candidly honest? Were Seth and the contract and Aliah, all just a show? Or was he just teasing me?

He was impossible to read.

He trailed the tips of his finger over my lower back, just where the tight, cinched bodice met the full, poofy skirt. "Prom's a big deal?" he asked right in my ear and his minty, post-smoking, breath tickled my neck.

Just when I was about to scold him for being inappropriate, he pulled back and plopped down into one of the half-circle chairs. Then I decided it was stupid to think he was flirting with me. He looked so angry and menacing in the girly, floral chair. His long, jean-clad legs stretched out in front of him, his motorcycle boots remained untied and loose on his feet, and his arms hung around the back of the chair too casually.

He looked every bit the bad boy, fallen angel he was.

"Why are you really here, Jude?" I ignored his comment.

He shrugged and met my angry glare with a steadiness that unnerved me. "I have a job to do."

"A job that includes dress shopping? I'm not buying it."

He looked around the small hallway, lined with slatted wooden doors on the other side, finally dragging his gaze back to mine. "You're not exactly safe these days, Stel. My life is on the line, too, if something happens to you."

"I thought I was off limits. Why wouldn't I be safe?"

"You tell me," he sighed.

"My life is no more dangerous now than it was before." Which was obviously a lie, but I needed to get Jude out of my day-to-day activities. "And I can take care of myself."

His lips twitched obnoxiously, causing him to look away. "I remember Heaven."

That caught me completely off guard. "What?" My voice was barely a croak.

"I remember Heaven," he said louder, just to be an ass. "I was there, you know, before the whole Fallen thing. I remember what it was like, what the people up there were like."

"Alright," I said slowly. Where was he going with this?

"You're nothing like them," he finally said. "You're different."

"Wow," I cocked my head back and resisted the urge to stab him. "Thank you." My tone was pure, undiluted acid, and I felt my skin start to burn into a glow.

He just chuckled at me. "See? This is what I mean. All this attitude and defiance. You definitely belong down here. They wouldn't know what to do with you up there."

"What about you?" I challenged. "Where do you belong?"

His eyes started to darken angrily and his jaw clenched tight. "I'm where I belong," he growled.

"You were meant to be Fallen?" I challenged. "Your kidnapper just knew at the age of eight you

were going to be one of the baddest, meanest guys out there?" I rolled my eyes and turned back around.

"What I'm saying is that it all worked out for me."

"Jude, how did you get pulled into the contract?" I asked in a softer voice. I was totally playing on the fact that I knew he somewhat respected me. There were things I didn't know. The more Jude hung around, the more I realized how in the dark I was about the.... Dark side. And he was my answer to it all- to how to save Seth. But first I had to get him to trust me.

"I told you, I was the right age."

"But they could have picked someone older that just hung around and didn't make contact with me. It's not like I get attacked at school." He raised his eyebrows at me and I amended, "Not very often, anyway."

"You were just attacked a couple weeks ago, Sweetheart," he growled at me. "I saved your life."

"You saved my life?" I laughed. "And never, ever call me sweetheart again."

He jumped to his feet and took two fast steps forward so we were standing just inches away from each other. "I saved your life." His words were firm truth and I believed him. I didn't want to believe him, but I did. "Sweetheart," he finished on a breathy growl.

"How about these," my mom asked brightly from the doorway. She walked further into the space eyeing Jude and I carefully. She was holding simple nude pumps that would match perfectly.

I stepped back from Jude and took the shoes from her, offering a reassuring smile. "Perfect. Thanks, Mom."

I slipped into them and went back to admiring myself in the mirror, ignoring Jude completely. I didn't know what to think about him, but it was so obvious how dangerous he was to me and my life.

Thankfully he stayed quiet the rest of the trip. The shoes looked amazing with the dress, so I went back in and changed while my mom took the items to the register. I was surprised to find Jude waiting for me when I came out of the changing room. He was draped in the same chair and his eyes immediately locked on mine when I walked out.

Just when I thought we were going to start arguing again, he got to his feet and walked out ahead of me. He remained silent the entire way home. I probably would have forgotten about him entirely, if it wasn't for his constant need to smoke.

Such a disgusting habit and one I didn't even understand. He was an Angel for goodness sakes! It wasn't like he could feel the buzz of nicotine, or even waste away his lungs or throat. He was completely impervious to the effects, so why do it?

It didn't make sense to me.

But then again, Jude didn't make sense to me.

My mom pulled up to our house a little before five, and while I gathered the shopping bags into my hand she turned around and smiled at Jude. I was already thrown off by her behavior, but she shocked the hell out of me when she asked him to stay for supper.

"Would you like to stay for dinner, Jude?"

Apparently he was confused, too, because for several moments he just stared at her. Finally, and a little bit sheepishly he said, "Isn't your house blessed?"

My mom laughed lightly, a little embarrassed. "Oh, right," she said. "I forgot about the whole Fallen thing."

"You forgot that I was Fallen?" He asked while sounding amused.

She didn't answer him with words, just smiled brightly at him. Finally she said, "Alright, well, I'm sure we'll see you around." And then my mom just got out of the car and went inside.

What in the world?

I scrambled out after her, desperately trying to reach the safe haven of my house. I could easily leave Jude standing out here all by himself. I just wanted to erase the entire bizarre memory of him today.

"Does your mom usually invite her enemies to dine with you?" he asked sounding perplexed.

"I think you're the first." I shut my door and turned around. Jude was right behind me and just stood there, as if I wanted to talk to him some more. "I doubt she'll ask you again though, so I wouldn't worry about it."

"Maybe I'll ask her to dinner?" He waggled his eyebrows in a suggestive manner and I swung out and hit him with my garment bag.

"You're disgusting."

"If only you didn't love me so much."

"Ha!" I shook my head at him and started to walk backwards, away from him and away from his friendly/non-friendly ways. "If only."

"Thanks for letting me tag along today," he called out after me. "It was fun."

I knew he was being sarcastic; he had to be. So I just waved him off and turned around. "Whatever, Jude." I called out and then slipped inside my house.

I didn't look back at him, or check to make sure he was gone. He was right, he was Fallen, he couldn't even walk through the door. I felt safe in my home, sheltered from a world that wanted me dead and had expectations of me I couldn't meet.

I felt cocooned in here, away from Jude or Aliah or Seth. This was a place filled with love and acceptance. I knew I couldn't stay here forever- obviously not. But I needed to feel safe tonight.

"Mom, why did you invite Jude to dinner?" I demanded once my bags were thrown on my bed and she was loading the oven with a few frozen pizzas. "I've never seen you act so crazy in my entire life."

She shot me a sly smile from across the kitchen. "He was on our porch earlier, Stella. And he walked freely on our land. It's not just the house that's blessed. It's the entire property."

"So what are you saying?" I felt dizzy all of a sudden. Nothing that was supposed to be true was. Everything was different than it seemed.

My dad walked in from the living room, remote control in hand and stared at my mother, waiting for her to explain.

"I'm saying he's not entirely Fallen."

"Um, yes he is."

"Stella, that boy asked permission to smoke in my car, he stood on our land and found you that dress."

"You found that dress," I argued.

"Jude handed me that dress, kid. He's not all bad. I know he was kidnapped as a child. Maybe.... maybe somehow he hung onto some of his original goodness."

"Or he's tricking us. Maybe he's like Seven. She is clearly out of her mind with evil and we still can't detect her or feel evil around her."

"Maybe," my mom agreed thoughtfully. "Or it's something else entirely."

"What is the something else entirely?" I asked carefully.

She laughed again, "I have no idea. But it seems smart to keep an eye on him. Make sure we know what he is up to."

"This was the kid from the porch earlier?" my dad asked gruffly.

"The third to the contract," my mom explained.

"Keep an eye on him, Stella," my dad ordered. "He might be nothing. He might be our worst enemy."

"Or...." I prompted because I felt unconsciousness coming on.

"Or, he might be a little of both. But either way, we need to know."

"He makes me uncomfortable," I groaned.

My dad pulled me into a side hug in commiseration. "It's odd that we are dealing with the Fallen as much as we are. I know that. In all of history, I can't seem to recall a situation where we interacted so much with them. Everything before now, before Seth, has been battle after bloody battle. I honestly, don't know what to make of it."

"And I don't know what to do with it," I added softly. It felt more like my responsibility than anything else. And because I wasn't able to solve this problem, it also felt like my failure.

"They chose you for a reason," my mom reminded me as if reading my mind. "You were handpicked for this task. Whether you know now or not, you have everything you need to handle this problem."

"Still think I should go to prom?"

My mom smiled at me and my dad squeezed me in closer.

Laughing my mom said, "If you don't, I'm going to! That dress needs to be worn!"

I laughed, too, because she was right. No matter how deadly or frustrating my life became, that dress was officially my first priority. Prom was only a week away and school would be out for the summer in three weeks. I could spend my entire summer looking for Seth if I wanted to. And I wouldn't have to see Jude every day either.

So until then, the dress took priority. Besides, my dad was right. I only had a little over a year with Tristan left. I wanted to make this a good year. I wanted to make amazing memories with him that I would be able to keep with me forever. I would start with prom. I would start with holding on to him as closely as I could now.

And then, maybe, when I was forced to give him up entirely, I could keep a little piece of him with me.

That had to be true. Because the alternative was to lose a big piece of myself with him instead.

Chapter Twenty-One

It had been a long day. A really, freaking long day. But it was over.

Well for the most part.

I flung myself onto my bed, face down. Every muscle and tendon in my body screamed from the abuse I'd put it through. My veins hurt I'd pushed myself so hard.

Soccer was over, so I didn't have to hold back anymore with easy practices and human standards. I got to demand the most from my body, push it to every last limit. And I had spent the entire afternoon and evening doing just that.

Then there was training.

And it wasn't like Jupiter ever held back with me. Especially not now.

He was as single-minded as I was. And our session was made even worse because it had been so long since either of us had seen or heard from Seth. The fragile remains of decency were long erased from the empty place where his soul used to reside. There would be nothing left of goodness to guide him, no moral compass or voice of reason to whisper truth into his ear.

Three weeks was not that long to a normal person, but alone, with the Darkness and all the evil they had to offer, was more than a lifetime. With my frustrating innocence and straggling naivety, I honestly couldn't even imagine what Seth had been through recently.

There was no way to even picture what life was like for him.

And I was positive I didn't want to anyway.

A light tapping on my window grabbed my attention; I flopped my head to the side to make out Tristan's face through the glass. My light was on, so he was mostly a dark shadow until he pressed his face directly against the glass. I smiled at him weakly and tried to pull myself into a standing position.

I failed.

He pointed a commanding finger at me and then flashed a boyish grin. I sighed, because I really didn't want to move, but I knew I was going to; I dragged my body off the bed.

I was a hot mess tonight. I was still in my baggy Mead High sweatpants that Piper and I swiped from the boys' basketball team last year, and a black athletic tank top.

My katanas were thrown haphazardly on the floor along with a few daggers I'd been working with. The blades looked decidedly out of place among the piles of dirty clothes and random stacks of books. Actually, the middle of my floor looked insanely booby-trapped.

I decided to keep it that way.

Carefully stepping over the death trap of sabers, I trudged to the window and opened it to the cool spring night. The weather was heating up, and the nighttime temperatures usually hovered around the high sixties, the perfect temperature for nighttime.

I half crawled, half flung my body onto the roof and then immediately cuddled up next to Tristan. He glanced down at me just long enough to drop a kiss on the top of my still sweat-soaked head.

"Rough night?" he asked, clearly enjoying himself.

"Did you know that Jupiter's like, a thousand years old?" I struggled to sit up straight and pull my hair back into a better pony tail. It was easy because it was so sopping wet with sweat.

Tristan chuckled. "I had no idea."

"I swear to you, it's like the older he gets the meaner he gets."

"He must have a good multivitamin."

"Don't joke," I groaned. "He kicked my ass all over the place tonight. It wasn't even a competition." My head flopped over of its own accord and landed on Tristan's shoulder.

"It will come, Stel," he promised and in that moment I needed to hear his encouragement. My soul drank his words like water straight from a mountain spring.

"I needed to hear that," I whispered.

He put his arm around my shoulder and pulled me against his firm side. He was so familiar, so natural that I just fit against him without even questioning it. My senses filled with him, like they always did- his masculine scent, his ripply muscles, the way he draped his arm across me. He brushed the tips of his fingers up and down the sensitive part of my side like he had done a thousand times before.

Tristan was everything I had loved my entire life. We fit together easily, understood each other above all else, and could speak with just glancing at each other.

He was the only thing I grew up knowing I wanted- more than the Protectorship that I was born to inherit, more than the safety of this planet that I was always afraid I wouldn't be able to maintain, and more than the obscure future with a Warrior I hadn't met until recently. Tristan occupied a place in my heart that held past, present and future.

So what part of my heart did Seth hold?

Or was it all his?

Was Tristan merely a rebellious delusion, a last desperate grab for something in my life that I could control when every other independent element had been taken from me?

"Ready for prom?" he asked in a rumbly, relaxed voice.

I was relaxed too. We hadn't done this in a while. It was nice to be next to him, gazing up at the Stars, like we had done most of our childhood.

"I guess," I smiled. "I have the dress and shoes. I'm prepared to spend all Saturday shaving my legs and plucking my eyebrows. So, yeah, as ready as I can be."

"It takes you all day to.... shave?" he asked, obviously uncomfortable.

"Um, hello? I'm a girl. Yes, it takes me all day to shave. Besides, I feel like it should- like it's part of the pre-prom ritual or something."

"And the, uh, plucking?" Tristan sounded really uncomfortable but a huge part of me didn't want to put him out of his misery.

I sighed, "Honestly, I'm not born with these eyebrows. Plus, I need to paint my toenails and there is other stuff to do. I was just saying, Saturday is going to be a full day of primping."

"Huh," he grunted. "It's weird to me that you have to shave. Sometimes I forget you do normal things like that. Sometimes you're just this incredible, out of reach Star to me."

"All Stars grow hair when they're in their human form," I explained quickly. He was making me feel like an alien. "We're very human-like in this form. Our bodies function the same way humans do until we light up. What's weird to me is that when I turn into a human light bulb you barely bat an eye, but the second I tell you I shave my legs you act like it's the craziest thing you've ever seen."

"It's just hard to believe, that's all," he said through a grin.

I decided it was better to just change the subject. "The point is, I'm ready for Saturday."

"Me too," he agreed, but something had changed in his voice. Goose bumps pebbled across my forearms and chest. "I've been ready for a long time."

I cuddled closer to him and let out a soul-deep sigh. I had been waiting for this for a long time too.

But then he cleared his throat and I felt his body go tense. I recognized this as Tristan preparing for a serious conversation but when I tried to sit up to meet him eye to eye he just held me against his side.

"The thing is.... Um, I mean to talk to you about this sooner, but do you mind if we drive ourselves?"

"I don't mind," I assured him. "But why? Piper might be pissed off about it, but hopefully she'll eventually forgive me."

"She's actually the reason," he groaned. "She's still mad at me for that whole lunch thing. "

"I know," I tried for sympathy but didn't exactly reach it. The two had been fighting for as long as I could remember and I was mostly over it by this point. "You should talk to her. You guys need to work this out."

"I thought of a better solution," he grinned down at me.

"She's not going anywhere," I argued quickly. "I'm not getting rid of her so stop asking."

"I didn't ask!" He said defensively and then added, "You didn't give me the chance."

I laughed despite myself and then wrapped my arms around his middle. "Please try to get along with her. I love her too."

He made a noncommittal grunting noise but didn't say no. I tilted my face up and kissed the underside of his jaw because I knew he would make an effort with Piper- for me he would make an effort.

He looked down at me and even in the darkness I could see how his eyes changed- deepened, darkened.... became something so indescribable and consuming I lost my breath.

We stayed like that for endless moments, until I knew he would kiss me, until there was nothing else left but for him to kiss me.

We both leaned forward until there was only a moment between us. My stomach erupted with butterflies and my skin tingled with anticipation. This was it. I had waited for this moment my entire life. Tristan closed his eyes. I closed my eyes. I felt the whisper of his lips against mine.

Suddenly a deafening rush of air exploded around us, and behind our closed lids the sky illuminated in the brightest, hottest light. I immediately threw my body over Tristan's and screamed for him to keep his eyes closed.

The boom of landing hit three times and then nothing. The lights were extinguished and the nighttime resumed.

"Oh, no," I groaned. My breathing was extremely elevated and my body was awkwardly thrown over Tristan's as he lay splayed out on my roof. The shingles were rough under my hands but still intact as I pushed into sitting. "You have to go."

"What?" Tristan looked at me like I lost my mind. Fear and confusion mingled in his green eyes and his whole body went tight with tension. "What just happened?"

"We have visitors," I shrugged.

His jaw tensed and he reached for me, pulling me toward him.

"Good visitors," I rushed to reassure him. "They're on our side. I don't know who they are, but they couldn't land here if they were Fallen."

"You're safe?" he double checked.

"Oh yeah," I agreed enthusiastically while my insides screamed that something wasn't right. Nothing about that landing was right or acceptable. Something was going on. "But I should get down there, and you should definitely leave."

He stared at me for thirty more seconds, debating on what he wanted to do and what he thought I needed him to do.

Finally he said, "Call me later."

Not a request.

I agreed and then watched him climb down the side of the house like a spider monkey and jog out to his car that was parked at the end of my drive. I stayed there long enough to watch his taillights glow in the dark distance and disappear into the horizon.

Taking a big breath, I turned around and slipped back in my window. I was filthy, sweaty and disheveled, but I decided to see who was here before I worried about my appearance.

I slipped down the main stairs because I could hear voices in the living room. My dad was standing in the doorway, his back ramrod-straight and battle-ready. He turned at the sound of my footsteps on the stairs and offered me a bleak smile. The laugh lines around his eyes were pulled tight and his hair looked uncharacteristically messy as if he had been tugging on it.

"This is my daughter," he announced, holding an arm out for me. I walked into his half embrace just as he finished, "Stella."

"The Protector," I heard mumbled in reply.

And then I was before the most other-world, most beautiful and striking Angels I had ever seen. These were not Warriors or Stars. These were the kind of Angels that sat in councils and meetings every day of their life, that never left the lower realms of Heaven. These were the beings I was never supposed to meet.

My father continued, "Stella, the Council has paid us a visit."

My mouth fell open; all of time seemed to stand still and wait for my brain to catch up with that announcement. I knew they were not like us... but I didn't expect.... The Council was here. On Earth. In our house. Standing in front of me.

This was either going to be really, really, really, really bad.

Or just really bad.

There were three of them, two men and a woman. And they were completely ethereal- so obviously and strikingly not human that I felt a bit mesmerized.

The woman was tall, well over six feet with willowy arms and legs and pale, translucent skin. Her hair, sleek and straight, held a grayish purple hue, like the color of lightning. Her eyes glowed pure white, shining orbs that had no color, or every color, depending on how you looked at it. She stood fierce, and so composed she seemed more statue than living creature.

The men differed from each other as starkly as they possibly could and also from my father and what I knew of other Warriors. The first had skin so dark and black, he seemed to be made out of silk. His short hair by contrast was pure white, as were his eyes. He towered just as tall as the woman, but not much taller than her. And he bulked with toned muscle, imposing, and absolutely serious. If the woman reminded me of a statue, this man mimicked a boulder.

He was terrifying.

The third and final man at least put me somewhat at ease. He had a pleasant expression and a calming smile. His skin was pale, but not as pale as the woman's. His eyes were the same luminescent white as the others but somehow warmer and not as clinical. His hair burst from his head in shocking red chunks that seemed to fall wherever they wanted in wild disarray. He was the most classically good-looking of all three, but they were all beautiful in their own unearthly way. The first man looked too scary to really be considered attractive, and the woman was one of those ladies who would be called handsome over lovely, or fine instead of pretty. She appeared to be the oldest present. The third man was actually hot- big dimples when his mouth relaxed into a smile and had a firm, muscled body that wasn't just simply overwhelming.

"So, you are the Star of Earth," the woman began, her assessing eye appraised me with a scrutiny that made me struggle to swallow. She had the strong accent of Heaven. It was musical and lilting, but so completely foreign that my brain struggled to correlate it with the English she spoke.

"I am," I tilted my chin up, grasping for confidence that was nonexistent. "And you are....?" I prompted when nobody seemed to want to speak next.

The woman scowled, her silvery eyebrows slammed down over her shining eyes and her thin lips puckered unhappily. The men seemed equally as stunned by my question, but weren't as hostile with their reactions. I realized I'd probably spoken out of turn, but I was impatient to get to the point. A sickening feeling of unease had slithered into my stomach and made my insides ice cold.

"This is Celeste," the red haired man said helpfully, the same accent as the woman tingeing each of his words. A small smile tugged at the corners of his lips and his white orb-like eyes seemed to warm somehow. "Raphael." He pointed to monster Angel. "And I am Ariel." And as an afterthought he amended, "But you may call me Ari."

This earned him a scathing look from Celeste, but he didn't seem to notice.

"Nice to meet you," I said politely.

"Shall we sit?" my dad gestured around the room at which the Council members seemed to take it all in with an attitude of absolute repulsion. My dad was a trained and vetted Warrior, their reactions weren't lost on him. "Or we can stand," he added quickly.

Nobody said anything. This was awkward.

Were they always like this?

"We are graced with your presence," my mom offered magnanimously. "But we would have readily come to you. If you only would have summoned us."

"We came to see the Starling," Celeste explained. Each of her words were spoken slowly, carefully, as if she chose each word specifically, and with each syllable uttered she carried out a particular purpose. "We understand that she is not allowed to leave this.... planet."

"That is true," mom answered. Now she sounded suspicious.

Something was going on.

"And your Counterpart?" Raphael was less precise with his words. They came out in a rush of menacing dominance; his accent sounded as overpowering as it did authoritative. "Where is he?"

The question was directed at me, but I was not about to answer him. That just seemed like an entire cauldron of trouble.

Thankfully, my dad stepped in, "It will be easier if you tell us what you've heard. We can fill in any missing pieces that are left."

Ari chuckled lightly and it seemed so out of place in this room filled with tension and stress. In a friendly voice he eased some of the strain between us. "I apologize for our grim arrival, but news has found its way to the Sanctum that is very alarming. We've come to find the truth of this matter. We're not here to harm or even punish you, Starling. We are simply looking for answers that will help us understand our position on planet."

I definitely liked him the best out of the three. He put me at ease with his friendly warmth and silky tone. He was different than the cold, military style of the others.

So I started to tell them what happened, "Seth, um, my Counterpart, in an effort to protect me...." And then I realized I couldn't say what he had done. I couldn't tell them how he sold his soul and became Aliah's lap dog. They would never understand. And worse, they would never believe he could return with his soul still intact.

Even I didn't know if that was possible.

"He's on a mission," my dad lied. I flinched, but tried to reel it in since I knew every eye in the room was watching me.

My dad was lying to the Council. That was not only unacceptable, but grounds for a trial. If he were caught in this lie, he would be taken away and judged as a Fallen. Warriors and Stars usually had no reason to lie, no reason to keep secrets. This would look very badly when- not if- it came out.

The sick feeling grew to almost an unbearable ache. I hated that my dad was lying, but at the same time so thankful. There was an ulcer brewing in my stomach for sure.

"On a mission?" Celeste asked with narrowed eyes. "Who sent him?"

"He went by himself. We had no idea what he was contemplating and would never have allowed it had we known. He was, he is.... he is a special target by the Fallen that occupy this planet. As you know, his parents, Ethan and Sitara were killed by one of their close friends. Aliah has done nothing but pursue Seth since his identity became known in January. Seth took it upon himself to remove the threat from Stella's life."

Ok, so he wasn't so much straight out lying as he was embellishing the truth- just a little. Go Dad!

"We are acquainted with the Warrior's history." Raphael's voice was deep and melodic, a smooth sound that crested gently before dropping to a low bass that rumbled in his chest. His voice was more beautiful than even his face. But not in the I-could-listen-to-it-for-hours way, more like the intimidating kind of beauty that made me feel insecure and insignificant.

These Angels were awe-inspiring but frightening. Yeesh! I wondered if I was raised in the Lower Realms, if I would feel the same way. Or was this only because they were as foreign to me as they would be to anyone else on Earth?

"But we have also heard that now he is Fallen," Celeste continued coolly. "There have been those that say he joined forces with Aliah."

"He hasn't." I was adamant, because it was the truth. He was not willfully apart of Aliah's schemes or plans. He was doing what he thought was best for me.

And sometimes I wondered if it was. I wondered if it was the only way I was still alive.

"You would protect him to death, would you not?" Raphael asked again and it wasn't exactly a question. "He is your other half."

"Be that as it may," I started with the most mature phrase I knew, "I am well aware how dangerous he would be if he were Fallen. As my enemy he would be a threat not only to this planet, but to me specifically. I would take care of him, if that were true." There, the whole truth. I let out a steady breath and realized how deeply I believed that. If Seth became unredeemable, I would have no choice.

I'd better get used to that idea now.

Because I would have to follow through. If Seth were ever Fallen- truly- I would have an obligation to destroy him.

Gulp.

The very thought of Seth becoming truly evil made my entire body rebel, my head swim, tears flood my eyes. He wouldn't.

He couldn't. He couldn't do that to me.

"It is peculiar though," Raphael pressed giving me the strongest urge to yell at him to be quiet, "that Seth has left you at all."

"Well, we're not exactly married. We sleep at different houses," I pointed out. "He leaves me every day. I'm only sixteen."

"We are well aware of how old you are, young Starling," Ari broke in gently. "What my friend meant by that was that we are surprised Seth left you for this.... quest of his. His place is by you, is it not?"

I did not like how they asked leading questions like that. It felt like they were trying to trap me. Like I was on trial. And other than protecting Seth I hadn't done anything wrong.

"Technically, we weren't supposed to meet for another nine years. So, to handcuff Seth to my life now, when only a few months ago I had no expectations of him, or him of me, seems unfair. Seth knows he has my support in whatever he does, in whatever he decides. He will come back to me." I met each of their other-worldly gazes steadily and confidently. I dared them to defy me, to argue that he wasn't coming back. I knew that he was.

He had to.

He had to.

"Of course, he will," Ari grinned happily. He ran a hand through his red mop of hair and the gesture was so normal... so casual, I felt myself relax.

Just a smidge.

I refused to look at the other Council members, just to hold onto that small feeling.

"Is that the entire purpose of your visit?" my mom asked with a furrowed brow. "To inquire about Seth?"

The three of them exchanged a telling glance. It was hard to read their expressions exactly because of the whole glowing eye thing, but that was a pretty tell-tale gesture.

After several moments of heavy silence, Celeste said, "We've been.... it would seem.... We're not exactly sure, but there seems to be a traitor in the midst of the council. We haven't been able to pinpoint who exactly, but the evidence is there."

"And you trust each other?" My father sounded skeptical and authoritative. This was the Warrior I knew he was; the man that would stand up to the Council if he had to.

Raphael met my father's gaze and said clearly, "No, we don't. But the rumor of a traitor among us isn't a secret. And with every day that passes the traitor becomes that much closer to upturning everything we have worked for, to disturbing the careful balance of good versus evil on this last planet, to taking this world to its knees and giving the final victory to our enemy."

"And so we've come to speak with you directly," Celeste continued after Raphael finished his doomsday speech. "This battle that the Starling fights with her Counterpart is more crucial than ever before. The Fallen are spread out throughout the galaxies, their forces are weakened this way, yet the Shadows flock here en masse. As far as our intelligence can tell, Aliah is acting of his own authority. Something else calls their other leaders away."

"Aliah is a formidable opponent," my mom said slowly as if she already knew how this conversation would end.

If only I did.

"But there is no one else like him," Celeste replied meaningfully.

"Azrael," my father said quickly. "Sammael, Cassiel."

"All dead," Ari answered. "All of them."

I opened my mouth to ask about a hundred thousand questions, but Celeste continued for me, "Aliah left the eastern galaxies with Ethan and Sitara. At the time, he was not Fallen that we were aware but living among us as a traitor, but still Warrior enough that he was effective during battle. Even Ethan was unaware of his change. Aliah chose to fight closer to this planet, the same planet he inherited after his defection. Meanwhile the Fallen forces have only been somewhat successful on their other outposts. We have reclaimed much of what was taken. The battle turns to a more even plane, and this planet remains in the balance."

My parents seemed staggered by this revelation. I was still looking for the Cliff Notes version.

"But Earth can never be truly turned, one way or the other," my mom argued. "That is the bargain. Influence only."

"Yes," Ari agreed quickly. "But with Aliah gone...."

My dad saw my absolute confusion and took pity on me, "Aliah is second in command of the entire Darkness in this third of the universe. The other three Angels I mentioned were generals under him. Their leadership is a gaping hole right now. Aliah must be holding the entire army together by a thread."

Understanding started to flow through me but my mom quickly added, "Not that the Darkness can ever be completely destroyed. There is a balance that has to be maintained. But with Aliah gone, this war would be swung very favorably in our direction."

"Or at least brought back to the center," Ari threw out. "We are fighting a losing battle as it stands today. And with every moment of every day Aliah works to destroy this planet from the inside out. Starling you are what remains of hope for us."

"But, but... what?" Super eloquent.... I cleared my throat and tried again, "Why are you relying on me? I don't even have the full strength of my powers yet! Why not bring another Star in? Or give it over to Serena completely?"

The Council stared at me as if I spoke in a different language. Again, it was hard to tell what exact emotion was flashing in those bright white eyes, but if I had to guess I would say indignant anger...? Maybe outrage and embarrassment?

Yeah, they were not happy with my attitude.

"You were chosen for this task for a reason," Celeste lectured. "We can no more remove you from your position than we could have assigned you another one from birth. The Council did not err. This planet has always been yours, since before you were born. You were born the Protector of Earth, and Earth was always destined to be protected by you. There will be no greater guardian than you, no greater sentinel or keeper. This is your fate. Should you fail, we all fail."

I gulped. That wasn't exactly the conversation my parents had with me.

"But should you succeed," Ari continued, "We all succeed."

"No pressure," I whispered to myself. These were essentially things I already knew. Although maybe I hadn't taken them so seriously. I had always believed to a certain extent I was replaceable. With a sky filled with Stars stronger than me, wiser than me, more experienced than me, I just assumed there was a list of others that could fill in where I failed. Serena was a prime example of how quickly this space could be given away. I hadn't realized how much was left up to me until now.

How alone I was in this fight.

"And Seth?" I whispered.

"He's important," Raphael answered almost sadly. "But as with any Warrior, the truth of his strength lies within his Star."

I gaped at him. I had never heard it like that before. While most of our tasks were interchangeable, we did have different jobs. A Star was always the primary soldier and the Warrior battled only to protect his Star. That was why I was the Protector of Earth and Seth my Counterpart. But logistically, we fought on the same fields, we vanquished the same enemy.

"But he is not as necessary," Celeste finished.

Rage blinded me for a few moments, pure, primal, suffocating raw rage, and my vision went completely black. He was necessary. He was absolutely necessary. If they thought I could function, or even live without him, they were out of their alien minds.

"She needs a Counterpart," my mother injected quickly; I had a feeling it was because she saw how close I was to losing my battle with composure.

"And she will always have one."

The unspoken words echoed through the room as loudly as any explosion- but it doesn't have to be Seth.

My heart dropped to my stomach and my legs suddenly felt like jelly. I leaned into my dad and felt the literal weight of the world. I was somehow supposed to be strong enough to defeat Aliah and bring the balance back, but I couldn't even imagine tomorrow without Seth.

"Is there anything else?" my dad asked in a ragged, exhausted voice.

"We have come to warn you," Celeste started again. "Trust no one. Not any of our Council are to be given faith. In the month of your July you are to return to the Lower Realm with Celina for a summit, at which time the traitor will be named. Until then, you are expected to carry on as usual."

"But without any help from you," I bit out.

The three of them eyed me in that carefully detached way again and then Celeste said, "Correct."

"I thought we weren't supposed to trust anyone," I pointed out, but that only got me silence.

Psht.

The three of them moved for the door again. Without a word, without a goodbye. They were just going to walk out as coldly as they'd come.

We watched them go and followed behind them until we were all standing out on the porch in the cool night air. In the dark night of the country they had a visible aura of light that shimmered around their bodies. They seemed softer out here, more angelic and less.... dreadful.

They took a stance in the middle of our big yard and looked heavenward. At the last moment, Ari looked at me and gave me a charming smile.

"Starling, while you may not trust us, you have our faith. This world is yours to keep. Let not the Darkness prevail."

And then they were gone just as I tried to sort out his words.

Our entire property lit up with the brightness of their energy. They burned like hot, holy light and everything that was anything for miles was touched by them- touched, but not burned.

They disappeared into the atmosphere as fast as they came, leaving us reeling with their words and warnings.

"Stella," my dad said immediately. His voice was roughened with what felt like years of struggle and heartache. "They.... those-" His voice broke and tears immediately flooded my eyes. What was it about parents? Like the minute they showed any emotion I was a weeping mess. "The Council doesn't understand what life is like down here. They can plot and plan and prepare, but they have no idea what it takes to live here. Listen to what they say, but only take what you want from it. No matter what, you have to know we stand behind you in everything. You are not alone."

My mom pulled me into a tight hug and I just let her hold me. Finally I found the courage to ask, "What about Seth?"

But they didn't answer. My dad lay a heavy hand on the back of my head and my mom let out an exhausted sigh.

They didn't know either.

Don't give up on me, Stella.

I promised that I wouldn't give up on him.

And I wouldn't.

Chapter Twenty-Two

"He's here, Stel," my mom whispered from the doorway.

I was staring at myself in my vanity thinking about everything except prom. My hair was done in a pretty, loose bun thingy that tapered to the side and wrapped around my neck. My nails were done, my legs were shaved, my eyebrows perfectly plucked. My makeup was bronzy in golds and pinks and my dress fit perfectly.

But dancing the night away was literally the last thing I wanted to do. I hadn't been able to get the Council's visit out of my head and I still hadn't heard from Seth. He seemed to have disappeared into the black abyss of Aliah's underworld.

The last three days had been painful. And I hadn't exactly done my best to disguise my misery. Even Jude was concerned, well, as much as Jude was capable of feeling concern. There was a lot of cigarette smoke, a lot of reminding me that his life was at stake during this contract, too, and then there was some grunting noise that sounded like "Snap out of it."

I stepped into my simple nude pumps that were four inches high and would pinch my toes after five minutes in them. I picked up my carefully packed gold sequined clutch and turned to my mom for her approval.

She smiled at me with tears in her eyes, "You're beautiful."

I rolled my eyes, "Thanks."

"Now, it's time to stop moping. Enjoy tonight. You can go back to making yourself sick about Seth tomorrow. Let Tristan have tonight."

Her words hit home quickly. "Yeesh, mom."

"I'm your mother," she reminded me. "I'm supposed to know exactly what to say."

I laughed before I could pretend I wasn't affected.

She went on, "Give up the fight for just tonight, Stella. It will be there for you to pick right back up tomorrow. But you're supposed to experience this world before you defend it, and I think tonight is the perfect opportunity to do just that."

"You're right," I sighed.

"He's going to die when he sees you," she grinned at me.

"I know!" Her enthusiasm was catching. I couldn't help it!

She grabbed my hand and led me down the stairs. Tristan was waiting in the entryway talking to my dad. I knew he was supposed to be impressed by what I looked like, but honestly, Tristan in a tux took my breath away.

His hair was freshly shaved and his green eyes glistened against his tan skin. His tux was incredibly crisp with clean lines and a classic white shirt, black bowtie look. His lean muscles filled out the suit to perfection and I couldn't wait to stand next to him, to be pulled into his gravity of beauty.

But he was just staring at me.

His eyes were the deepest green I had ever seen and his jaw was tight with tension. I started to feel self-conscious from the intensity of his look.

Finally I said, "What?" I brushed at my skirt and waited for him to say something, to say anything.

"You're breathtaking," he finally said in a low, raspy voice that sent shivers skittering across my skin. "Stella, you're beautiful."

I pressed my lips together to keep from grinning like an idiot. But that was exactly the response I was hoping for.

"Pictures!" My mom declared.

I moved to stand next to Tristan, keeping my eyes locked on his. He seemed just as unwilling to let me go as I was to look elsewhere. But eventually I had to.

He pulled me into his side and I slid my arm around his back, the cool, softness of his suit jacket was shocking against my super-heated skin. Tristan wrapped an arm around my waist, too, and then another around my front and pulled me closer to him.

"Stella, babe, tone down the glow," my mom commanded from behind the camera.

I tried my best to hide my excitement for the evening, for getting a free pass to go out with Tristan- even if it was just for one night- and for being wrapped so tightly in his arms, but I couldn't. I was beaming with Light. I couldn't control it anymore.

My mom just shook her head while smiling almost as big as me. She took a hundred pictures, my dad gave Tristan a very firm reminder about my nonexistent curfew and then gave me a big hug and kiss.

After what felt like forever, we were finally alone in Tristan's big truck and leaving my house in our dust. We were headed to dinner in Fremont before the dance and as far as I knew we were doing this all alone. Lincoln and Piper had gotten a limo and were sharing it with Bree and her date, senior baseball stud- Milo Reed, and Rigley and his date, sophomore Cara Williams.

As far as I knew Piper and Tristan still weren't talking. But I hadn't exactly helped things along with my depressing attitude this week.

And anyway, it was kind of nice to just be the two of us. If this was our one sanctioned date, I selfishly didn't want to share Tristan with anybody else. I wanted him all to myself.

He reached across the cab and took my hand, tugging me closer to him. The radio was off and the only sound that filled the truck was our breathing and the crunch of gravel beneath his tires. I let out a shaky breath and then tilted my head back carefully, so I wouldn't mess up my pretty hair on his high-backed seats.

"Are you all right, Stel?" he asked quietly.

"Yes," I answered honestly. For the first time in weeks I really was Ok. There were a million problems that should have been tumbling through my head on a sadistic, masochistic repeat, but I was ignoring them all right now. I wanted tonight. I wanted tonight to be mine, untainted by Aliah and all his dark plans. I wanted to enjoy Tristan without the massive guilt that usually plagued me.

And most of all I wanted to dance.

We drove for a while like that, just holding hands and not talking. Suddenly, Tristan was turning right and whipping off the highway with almost no notice. I gripped the door handle and just barely managed to swallow a surprised scream.

Just as quickly as we turned, Tristan pulled over and we were parked on the side of a field. We were facing west just as the huge, burning sun was about to meet the horizon. It cast long, golden rays of sunlight on almost everything that stretched between us and it.

Tristan turned the key in the ignition and the angry rumble from the engine died, leaving us in a severe kind of silence. He looked over at me, with my hand in his and I felt the strongest urge to crawl into his lap, lay my head on his shoulder and then cry for the next three months.

Or fall asleep and finally get a few hours in a row.

All of a sudden he let go of my hand and hopped out of his truck in one fluid motion. I watched him walk around the front hood and open my door. He took both of my hands- without saying a word and then helped me down.

My heels sunk into the soft earth but I followed Tristan to the back of his truck. He held up a finger and then raced around to the driver's side again. He returned with a soft, plush blanket I knew he stole from his living room.

He dropped the gate to his truck bed and then spread out the blanket. "Can we have a few moments to ourselves?"

I nodded, too charmed by the moment to find my voice. He reached for me, taking my waist firmly in his hands and lifted me to sit on the blanket. The beading of my dress dug into the backs of my thighs, so I adjusted until I was comfortable and my dress wasn't in danger of wrinkling or getting torn. Tristan hopped up next to me, so close I felt the smooth silk of his pants against my bare legs. He smelled amazing tonight, like himself and the masculine scent of a cologne he usually didn't bother with. He was so handsome.

And he was Tristan- my Tristan.

There was something happening to us though. I felt it every time we were together now, with every touch, every look.

We were drifting apart and I wondered if he noticed it as acutely as I did. By his especially quiet and somber mood I had to believe that he did.

It was funny how the removal of Seth from my life was the catalyst to me choosing which boy I would give my heart completely. Seth wasn't even technically an option right now- and maybe never would be again.

But he still held my heart in his soulless hands- all of it, not just a piece or a portion. Seth owned my soul in the absence of his.

I loved him with all of me. I would do anything to be with him again, to make him safe again.

And tonight I would give Tristan this moment. My last gift to the boy I had loved for most of my life so far.

I did still love him. It was amazing how I could be split so definitively between two boys that commanded so much affection. It wasn't a race, or a contest, it was a tragedy that split my entire being in two right along with my heart.

I would always love Tristan. Always. But not with the same consuming, life-defining power that I loved Seth with. I was split in two, but not evenly. And this time I was listening to my heart, I was following my instincts that were supposed to be honed and perceptive.

My entire life I had accepted a destiny that didn't seem real and a future I would one day "get around to". And then it happened to me and I felt this rebellious instinct to fight against it- to fight against Seth. Had I given into the eventuality of my fate, I didn't believe I would have fallen for Seth as hard as I did. It was in my frantic attempt to escape him and what he stood for that I realized how desperately I needed him, how wholly I loved him.

But because of those same reasons, I lost him.

Now I would give up Tristan so I could find Seth again. And this time I would keep him.

Still, tonight was Tristan's. The last of our nights like this.

I looked up at him from under my heavily mascara-ed lashes and pressed my lips together. There were so many things I needed to say, but I didn't want to ruin the night.

Without looking down at me he sighed and said, "I know."

His resigned tone caught me off guard and I felt the tears immediately prick at my eyes. "What do you know?"

He didn't answer, but slowly turned to look at me. His eyes were so brightly green and soul-searching I felt completely exposed under his gaze. He leaned forward until his head rested against mine. When I breathed in, it was entirely him- his scent, his essence, his love.

"You've ruined me forever, you know that, right?" he asked in a husky rumble.

I shook my head slowly so I wouldn't break our gentle contact. "Not forever," I promised.

"I'm going to kiss you now," he breathed and the force of his conviction shook me to my bones.

His lips brushed against mine, so gently I barely felt them at first. I felt him shiver against the contact and then his mouth was on mine firmly. His soft, full lips pressed against mine with a quiet, demanding desperation. I kissed him back, feeling years and years of wanting and longing click into place and finally find fulfillment.

He tasted as perfect as I had always imagined. His kisses were as needy and hungry as mine. His tongue swept mine with a possessive power that I would remember forever- no matter what happened from this moment on; I had this perfect kiss to remember Tristan by.

And I would. I would always remember Tristan and this flawless moment.

His hand reached up to cup my jaw, the other sliding around my back and pulling me closer so that my chest pressed against his completely. His mouth moved against mine, stoking a growing fire that had been building forever. I tasted him, savored him, consumed him as greedily as I had always wanted to.

I reached up and allowed my hands to feel him like this, like I had always wanted to. This wasn't a friendly hand hold or an innocent hug. This was the culmination of a lifetime of feelings for each other we had always denied ourselves, always ignored in the shadow of a fate I never really wanted until recently. His chest was hot and hard under my fingers, even through his layers of nice clothing I could feel the defined muscle that made him up.

I slid my hands slowly over him, feeling every inch of his delicious chest and then wrapped them around his neck. His short hair tickled the pads of my fingers, and I allowed myself to caress the back of his head, whimpering as he deepened the kiss.

The world- my life, my entire existence- had shrunk into this one moment, into the feel of Tristan's lips against mine; his body pressed tightly to mine and the steady draw of my heart and hopes for a future that could never be from my soul into his.

I would take this moment with me and treasure it forever. It didn't matter that I was giving him up or that this kiss meant goodbye. A part of me would always love Tristan. But we were a future that could never be. We were a love that couldn't compete with the depth of feeling I had for Seth standing between us.

So even while it was love, it wasn't enough to sustain the rest of my life. It was real, and honest, but it wasn't the end-all love I was meant to feel.

It wasn't the love that would get me through the very difficult destiny that laid out before me.

I was embarrassed at the two traitorous tears that fell from my eyes, landing hotly on my cheeks and ruining my makeup. Tristan felt them, or sensed them- I wasn't sure- and immediately kissed them away. And when his lips returned to mine they were salty and wet from the evidence of my heartache.

With a last punishing push of exposed emotion, Tristan branded his love against my lips so that I would never forget him. There was a cli**x to our kiss that screamed our feelings for each other, the fullness of finally tasting each other while the world crumbled around us, and the utter heartbreak that would shatter us when we pulled apart.

It was as innocent as it was hungry and passionate. It was as perfect as it was soul-wrenching and torturous. It was as lasting as it was temporary. It was as much a beginning as it was the end.

Eventually, Tristan pulled back and I gazed up into the eyes of a man that I believed was the greatest man I knew. The entire reason I fell in love with humanity was because I fell in love with him first.

His eyes were dark with a greedy hunger and his lips were swollen and lovely.

"I love you, Stella," he growled while unshed tears shimmered in his forest green eyes.

"I love you, too," I whispered at the same time my heart fell out of my chest and splintered into a million pieces. "I will always love you."

I reached up and cupped his smooth jaw. He leaned into my touch and closed his eyes, depriving me of his consuming gaze. He shuddered under my hand and I immediately went up on my knees and wrapped my arms around him. His arms went around my waist and we held each other like that for as long as we had kissed.

The sun set while we stayed like that, the Stars came out and the dark of night enshrouded us. We were living in our own world, existing in a reality that only included us. But there wasn't a moment that ticked by when we didn't realize we would have to come back, when we weren't severely aware that in only a few more moments we would have to give each other up.

He pulled away first, looking up at me with a resigned pain that cut me quickly to the core. "We missed our dinner reservations."

I laughed with a release of adrenaline and emotion. "I'm not hungry anyway." I sat back down and leaned into him.

"Let's go to the dance," Tristan suggested.

"Yeah? You still want to go?" My voice was a shallow shell of my crushed soul.

More confidently and sounding more like himself he said, "Yeah, I do. I want this night."

I pulled back and smiled. I couldn't help it. I wanted this night too. "K."

"K." he echoed.

He hopped off the truck and turned around to help me down. Lifting me from the waist, he set me back on the solid ground but didn't let go. "Remember me, Stella."

"Always," I swore. "I will always have this."

He pressed another gentle, claiming kiss to my lips. I breathed him in one last time and let myself get swept away by feelings for a boy that could never be. He would always be my first love.

He just couldn't be my last.

He helped me into the cab of his truck and then grabbed the blanket and closed the truck gate. Before I knew it we were back on the main highway and headed toward school and the prom.

Prom was supposed to be this major event in my life, in my youth. But it would pale in comparison to these stolen moments with Tristan. And I had to wonder if the rest of my human moments would all shrink in the shadow of the greatness of that kiss, in the culmination of a love that would only fade after today.

There was so much joy and fulfillment in finally being open with Tristan, in finally taking our relationship to where it always wanted to go. But there was so much heartache that accompanied it.

That was it. The grand finale. And every moment after this we were both willingly and openly walking away from each other and the intense feelings that tied us together.

And while I was definitely and completely traumatized, I was also already healing. Tristan and I were never meant to be. There was something strong and powerful in giving that up, in fully embracing the life I was supposed to have.

Meant to have.

The life I now wanted.

Seth.

Chapter Twenty-Three

"Dance, bitch!" Piper demanded as she laughed and followed her own command.

I grinned like an idiot and obeyed. This really was turning into one of the best nights of my life. Tristan and I had been able to relax after the intense beginning to our night. We'd fallen back into the comfortable, open friendship we always had. Piper and Tristan were even getting along tonight and while we all danced together in the middle of the packed Mead High gym, I was laughing more than I had in weeks.

It was good to be surrounded by so many friends. It was nice to relax after weeks of high stress and tension.

The song changed to a slower one and Piper grabbed my arm and tugged me toward the punch. She put up a hand to keep the boys from following us and while they obeyed her, they still wandered away from the dance floor.

Piper and I stumbled over to the punch on sore feet and chugged one glass and then another.

"Have I told you how gorgeous you look tonight?" she laughed breathlessly.

"Yes, but only a hundred times already," I smiled back. "You too, babe." And she did, in her bubblegum pink feather dress. It had a deep scoop neck that made her boobs look fantastic without being revealing, then the back clasped in a high collar at the nape of her neck and while it was completely covered, it was a sheer netting kind of covering that she was supposed to wear a shawl over- but wasn't. The bodice was tight, but poofed into a huge skirt covered in pink feathers on top and puffed up with layered black tulle. Her fishnet stockings and black studded chunky four inch heels completed her edginess. She finished her look with big, wavy hair and extra heavy eyeliner.

She was gorgeous. And totally herself tonight. I loved her look.

"Thanks for making up with Tristan," I called over the music.

She rolled her eyes, "It's a temporary treaty. He asked to have this one good night with you. And if he wasn't so pathetic I would have been able to hold out."

I shook my head at her. "It's not what you think, Pi."

"It is what I think," she argued. "He has had feelings for you since forever, Stella. But he's been too much of a coward to do anything about them. So he's let you sit there, pining for him for years while he's dated every other thing that moves and has a vag**a. And while he's off whoring himself out to the entire school, he scares every other prospective boy away from you. You have no idea how frustrating it's been for me to watch you get your heart broken over and over by him. And then Seth finally comes into the picture- a decent, good, super-hot guy that's interested in you and not intimidated by Tristan at all. Then Tristan decides to go after you. I mean, I know Seth is technically out of the picture now, but Tristan doesn't just get to have his way whenever he wants it. As far as I'm concerned he lost his chance with you years ago."

I loved my fierce, fighter of a friend. But she had no idea what happened underneath the surface during all those years. She had no idea Tristan was loving me at a distance because I asked him to. And that Seth wasn't a catalyst to Tristan coming face to face with his feelings, but the final barrier that kept him away. Tristan wasn't being selfish, he was doing what he had to until he literally couldn't make himself anymore.

Bu now things were how they probably always should have been.

"You don't have to worry anymore, Piper," I admitted on a weighty breath. "We had a talk tonight. We aren't, um, we have feelings for each other, but we decided to stay friends."

Her eyes narrowed, "Your idea or his?" God, I loved this girl. Even though she hated Tristan, she would totally kick his ass if he didn't give me exactly what I wanted.

"It was mutual," I answered sincerely. When she rolled her eyes I laughed, "Seriously, it was completely mutual. We are both.... headed in different directions. And we don't want to lose the friendship. Tristan will always be my best friend, but he can't be anything more."

Her expression immediately softened and she pulled me into a hug. "Is this because of Seth?"

I nodded into her shoulder. "I love him, Pi."

"I know, Stel," she admitted.

"Stella," Jude's voice cut through our moment. Piper and I both whipped around, surprised to

see him here.

He offered us a weak smile, but then his charcoal eyes met mine and held my gaze. He was dressed in exactly his style, skinny black jeans, his motorcycle boots and a white oxford that was rolled up to his forearms. A black tie was pulled loose around his collar and his hair was actually styled into a messy Mohawk. Or uh, faux-hawk.

"You dressed up," I said dumbly. I didn't expect to see him here, let alone in something resembling formal attire.

His lips twitched and then quirked into a half smile. "Was that a thinly veiled compliment?"

My eyebrows slammed together and I immediately started sputtering, "Are you kidding?"

"I want to dance," he interrupted me and his eyes shot to the dance floor.

Piper snorted into her punch glass. I rolled my eyes and looked around for Tristan. He would come rescue me from the pure evil demon trying to dance with me.

The theme for this year's prom was "Timeless" and the prom committee had actually done a decent job of decorating. It was sort of an ironic theme since time pieces decorated every inch of the room in steam-punkish pocket watches and old clocks. One entire wall was sort of an exploding hour glass with the top corner of the gym wall picturing an hour glass and then the bottom shattering into broken glass looking pieces with glitter- that was supposed to look like sand- covering every inch of the rest of the wall. That's where the prom pictures were taken when we first walked in the gym.

Tristan was standing over there with Rigley and Lincoln, laughing about something and having a good time. I didn't want to interrupt his night by causing a scene. He could easily swoop in and rescue me, but I wasn't exactly the kind of girl that needed rescuing.

Or I wasn't supposed to be anyway.

"You want to dance with me?" I repeated, meeting Jude's eyes again.

He faked a gasp, "I'd be honored." His eyes were twinkling when he took my hands and led me out to the dance floor.

I shot a pleading look at Piper but she just smiled and waved. She thought this was cute, that Jude was pursuing me or something. If only she knew the truth.

"The dress fits," Jude murmured directly into my ear when we were standing in the middle of the crowd, bodies pressed together, his hands on my hip, mine awkwardly on his shoulders.

I guessed that was his way of complimenting me.

"It does," I admitted. "But you already knew that because you already saw me in it."

"I did a very nice job of picking it out," he chuckled against my skin. His nose skimmed my ear and his hot, minty breath cascaded down my neck.

I pushed him back before he got any ideas and gave him a pointed look. "You are an arrogant a**hole, you know that?"

He smirked at me and brought one hand up so that he could pull on my bottom lip with his thumb and forefinger. "So mouthy," he whispered.

I struggled to swallow. He was making me nervous and mostly because I didn't understand his plan. I knew he came here for a reason and instinct told me it was more than just to drive me crazy.

"What are you doing here, Jude?" I found my voice and feigned confidence.

"My job," he growled. Suddenly his mood was as dark and forbidding as any Fallen I'd come in contact with before. This was not the playful mischief of his normal personality; this was a glimpse at the soulless creature he truly was. "Stella, there is something...." He winced as if in pain and then tried again. "Seth will not live through the night unless you do something."

"What do you mean?" I whispered, the words barely escaping my closed throat.

"There are those that want Seth dead. That see him as a threat to their... political aspirations. He's being set up."

"Tonight?"

"Tonight."

"Where's Aliah? What about the contract?"

"Aliah's.... otherwise engaged." Jude stopped our innocuous swaying and stepped away from me. His hand lingered on my waist while his other rubbed up and down on his face roughly. "I don't know where Aliah is truthfully. And I don't know whether this is one of his schemes or if this is happening without his knowledge. What I do know is that I am bound to you by contract, and your Counterpart is in danger."

I stared at him curiously. I should already be on my way to Seth, but there was something I needed to figure out first. "You're bound to keep me alive, not to warn me when one of my friends is in trouble."

"He's more than your friend, is he not?" Jude demanded harshly. "And besides, you'd never forgive me if I allowed this to happen and never told you about it."

I felt myself suck in a sharp breath, but couldn't hear it over the roaring in my ears. "Forgive you? Since when are you concerned with forgiveness?"

"Starling, I am doing you a favor. I didn't have to come here and I didn't have to warn you." He wrenched out of my grip and I realized for the first time I was clutching at his bicep. He stormed off the dance floor and slammed through the side doors that led to the outside.

I stood staring after him, completely confused by his behavior. From start to finish, he didn't make sense. And then slowly his words of warning trickled through my confusion and I realized that Seth was in trouble.

I tore off after him. I vaguely heard Tristan call after me, but I was too focused on pushing through the happy crowd and chasing after Jude.

I pushed through the same doors he went through and then stood panting in the extra warm evening. I looked around in every direction, but he was gone- vanished. My shoulders slumped and I realized what an idiot I had been. Who cared if Jude was developing non-evil emotions? Who cared if Jude could actually feel things like remorse and concern? If he wanted things like forgiveness? He was absolutely inconsequential when Seth's life was at stake.

The long draw of breath drew my attention and I whirled around to find Jude leaning back against the brick wall of the gymnasium, cigarette wedged in between his pressed lips.

"I was being ironic," he drawled. Another long puff on his cigarette made his words sound like they were being sucked into a vacuum.

"Seth isn't in trouble?"

"No, your Warrior is most definitely in trouble." He shook out his head and looked to the dark horizon. "But I don't really care what you do about him. Although I would like to be apprised of your decision. Since either way I'll have to stay with you."

"Either way?" I felt like a puppet just answering questions he was laying out for me.

"If you go, I'll obviously have to accompany you. Whether Aliah is behind this or not, I would really like to live through the night. And if you stay, well, either way, you'll be next. If Seth falls, they will come for you next."

"They might not," I argued, even while I knew he was right.

"The only reason you're still alive is because your precious Warrior signed away his soul to keep you that way. If he dies, there's nothing left to stop others from coming after you. And that's what they- we all want. We all want you dead."

"Then you should know that I'm going."

"I wouldn't have expected anything less." But it sounded like an insult coming from him.

I spun around on my bare feet and moved to the door. His hand snapped out and caught my forearm. "Where are you going? I thought we were leaving?"

I narrowed my eyes on the hand that was holding me and said caustically, "I'm saying goodbye to my friends and grabbing my clutch."

"You need your purse?"

"I need my cell phone so I can call for back up."

He seemed to accept that answer but then his eyes dropped down my body, raking upwards in a slow slide. "You'll need to change too."

I scoffed and rolled my eyes. "I'm well aware I can't fight anything in this."

"Good," he rasped and then immediately let me go.

My arm burned where he was touching me and I realized it was actually burning. His skin had been super-heated while he touched me.

"Wait here for me," I ordered.

"Your wish," he muttered and pulled out another cigarette.

I slipped back into the dance, even though this door was supposed to be locked. It wasn't and I assumed it only opened because other students were using it to leave for.... various reasons. This was prom after all.

As soon as I was back inside the gym I was assaulted by Piper. "Where did you go?" she demanded.

"I pissed Jude off and then I felt bad."

She smiled knowingly at me. "He has it so bad for you, Stel."

I rolled my eyes, "Trust me, we could not be more different. We're on like opposite sides of the spectrum. He doesn't have it bad for me, he's fascinated by a decent person that doesn't need to spread evil to every corner of the globe."

She giggled, "And by that you mean, he is fascinated by the gorgeous good girl that he can't seem to stop stalking."

"That's it exactly! He's stalking me."

She just shook her head at me, "Well, we'll see."

"Where are the boys?" I asked in a blatant attempt to change the subject.

Piper pointed and we started walking over to them while I battled with what to tell them. They were sitting at a table we had claimed in the corner and laughing while discretely passing around a flask. I watched Tristan pass it on without taking a drink, and had to wonder if that was for him, or for me.

Piper immediately slid onto Lincoln's lap and greeted him with a very enthusiastic kiss. I met Tristan's eyes and watched the expectation in them turn to accusation. He handed me my clutch.

"I'm sorry," I mumbled, kicking his shiny dress shoe with the toe of my bare foot.

"Duty calls," he sighed. His green eyes met mine and heated suddenly. His eyes drifted to my lips but then immediately snapped back up. This was the end of it. The end of our night.

The end of us.

"I love you," I mouthed, with my head dropped so no one else could see.

"I know," he smirked at me. He stood up and pulled me into a warm hug. His lips brushed my cheek and then he buried his face in my hair. "Be safe," he murmured. "Stay alive."

"Always," I promised.

"Call me tomorrow?" He seemed to think better of that and the moment suddenly grew awkward, "Or whenever you can."

"I will. I'll call tomorrow." If I was still alive. But one step at a time.

I stepped out of Tristan's embrace, out of the comfort of his arm and the familiarity of his touch. I held his gaze for one moment more and then I turned and left the dance without saying goodbye to anyone else or picking up my shoes that were somewhere by the punch table.

I pushed through the heavy metal doors and met Jude in the darkness. "So I need to go home and change."

"I'll come with."

"Jude, I-" I turned not really knowing what I was going to say, not really having an idea of how to address the fear Piper had planted in my head.

But he shot me an impatient look and then gestured with his hands in an "I'm waiting" move. I decided Piper was out of her damn mind and finished with, "Thanks for the heads up."

"Well, he still might die," he answered gruffly. "Let's go."

I held up a finger and dialed Jupiter first and then Serena. Jupiter was already with my parents and Serena had already been instinctively notified that something big was about to go down. Serena and Nate were just about to conference with Jupiter and my parents. We decided to meet at my parent's farmhouse and go from there.

Jude and I took off into the night- true Angel style. He kept up with me even while a dark light surrounded him. He wasn't totally muted of color, like other Fallen I had seen, but there was definitely something different about the aura of power that surrounded him.

I thought through the night ahead, about how I would face this threat, how I would protect Seth even while he might not want to be protected.

And was this another plot by Aliah? Or were there more forces at work?

Either way I was in this to win. I wouldn't let Seth die tonight without me. Fate and destiny be damned, because without Seth there was nothing for me.

Chapter Twenty-Five

We hovered in the sky over the white, sparkling beach and an ocean that seemed to stretch on infinitely- even from my lofty vantage point. The sun was just rising on the eastern horizon and painted the sky with pink, purple and orange brush strokes. The bluest water in the world glistened like a mirror below us and all around puffy, misting clouds were turning from gray to white as the sun rose higher in the sky.

Sri Lanka.

The island lay before us- particularly the isolated stretch of beach we were deciding what to do with. Green-leafed palm trees dotted the shoreline and the sand was virtually undisturbed, silky and smooth as it wrapped around the water's edge. White-crested waves crashed against the beach in a hypnotizing dance, creating a soothing lapping sound that betrayed the true danger of the morning.

I wasn't exactly surprised to be at the place Seth called his childhood home. Somehow meeting Seth and his Fallen friends on this stretch of beach seemed appropriate, if not a little messed up.

I looked over at Serena to check out her reaction to this obvious trap- and for us, not Seth. Her bright orange hair whipped around her pale, ethereal face in the rushing wind, her ocean blue eyes matched the color of the water below us and met mine with a startling intensity. Gone was the cool, confident warrioress, with her disturbing excitement and anticipation for battle. She truly looked concerned for what lay ahead of us.

And that made me more than a little anxious.

I could handle not understanding her enjoyment of conflict or sword play. I could handle feeling amused at the brightness in her eyes whenever bloodshed was involved. I could not handle her being afraid.

My eyes moved from Nate to Jupiter, to my parents- who all wore that same unsure expression. Finally, I found Jude's dark gray eyes and raised an eyebrow at him. He brought us here. He played my emotions and fears like only a true master manipulator could.

And now this.

I watched a thousand different emotions begin and then quickly fizzle behind his shuttered gaze, until he finally decided on the one I expected the most- indifference. He shrugged a casual shoulder and then his mouth twisted into a cruel smirk.

"I didn't know about this," he started, looking down at the gathered Fallen surrounding Seth, Aliah and Seven. Shadows slithered in and around their feet, turning that particular part of the beach black with their inky evil. "But I have to say, well done." His smirk lifted into a full grin and I could hear his deep chuckle even over the rush of wind in my ears.

I spun all the way around and jabbed one of my katanas directly into the hollow of his throat. "This is funny to you?"

He thought that over for a moment and settled with, "A little amusing." And then he shrugged. Shrugged.

"I thought we were-" I shook my head quickly and steeled my expression.

He barked out a rough laugh and when his eyes found mine again they were dancing with sinister disbelief. "You thought what? You thought we were friends?"

"No," I growled. "I thought you were less of a disgusting piece of trash than your associates." I tossed my head toward the beach and waited for him to say anything that would allow me to believe he wasn't as horrible as he seemed right now. I didn't like Jude, I wouldn't ever like Jude. But I had come to a see a side of him that wasn't completely repulsive and saturated with evil. I had hoped there was a modicum of difference between the monster I knew was Aliah and the kidnapped, forced-into-Darkness Jude.

Jude's expression froze into a mask of hatred. "You don't know anything about me. And by the looks of it, you never will. I couldn't care less if you want to insult me, Starling, but you do well to acknowledge you have never known, nor will you ever know anything about me."

"Fair enough." I drew back my sword acknowledging that it was doing nothing to intimidate Jude and that he was right. I really didn't know anything about him. "But let's remember why you're here in the first place. They," I gestured toward the beach with one of my swords, "can't touch me. Evil or not, that contract means something binding. They can't kill me."

He stepped forward in air, just as easily as if he were walking on the solid ground. His black aura seemed to suck all the light from around him. It wasn't a color that surrounded him, but rather a lack of color. And this was different than before. A switch had flipped and I knew without a doubt I was the one who turned it. His Fallen soul couldn't sustain the Light that he was born with, except on the very edges. Just where the dark atmosphere surrounding him met the normal, non-tainted air, there was a brilliant gold outline that shone brighter than even my inner Light. It was like pure, solid gold, almost blinding in its intensity. When we were only inches away from each other, he met my angry stare with dead, vacant eyes.

"There are other ways to die than physical death, Stella." His words were rough, grating on my skin. And the words were a promise- spoken from experience and conviction.

I tore my gaze from his and looked back at my parents and friends. He was right. They couldn't kill me.

But the Fallen, Aliah... Seven.... even Seth could kill them.

What would be worse than my own death? Losing everyone I cared about.

I spun around so that my back was to Jude and looked down at Seth as he stood next to Aliah- at his right hand. Seven on the other side. Twenty-five Fallen at their sides and a horde of Shadows at their feet.

They were waiting for us.

And we would engage.

It was in our nature. We couldn't not fight them.

"Stella," my dad rasped. "Don't let what happens down there damage you." My eyes filled with tears as he fought for composure. He was waging an internal battle of raw anger, battle-readied with insane focus and fear- for me, for my mom.... for Seth. "Do what you have to do. You can survive whatever happens here. I know that you can. It's why you were chosen above everyone else for this task."

His words were like daggers of truth, slicing open my veins and infusing my blood with their powerful reality. I nodded because my throat had dried out and then closed up. Words failed me.

No matter how wrong and deranged this situation was, this was my future, my destiny. Not because it was elaborately planned by some greater imperial force than me, but because this was the only way for me to move forward in time. Fate could be this confusing cosmic what-if, or it could be what I chose to make of it with the circumstances I was given. This was my destiny because I was making it my destiny. The outcome wasn't decided yet, but whatever happened, I would choose how I came out.

And cutting immense thoughts and ideas down to those simplistic terms made me feel in control again- made me confident that I couldn't just control what happened to me, but what happened to everyone.

"I love you," I looked at my dad and then to my mom. "I love you too, Mom."

She immediately echoed my words and so did my dad. I adjusted the grip on the hilts of my katanas and swung them around a few times, keeping my wrists loose and ready. I nodded at Serena, smiled at Nate- who looked stronger than ever since his chest healed, and then met Jupiter's firm expression. He was the only one of us that didn't light up when we took flight and it was still weird to me to see a normal-looking human hovering in the air without anything aiding him.

He wasn't exactly normal though, since he was completely healed from his burn wounds, not a scar in sight. He could blend in with humanity, but like us, he would never be a part of it.

I was a Star, but Jupiter was a for-real alien. Was I the only person that felt weird about that?

My attention returned to the beach and I struggled to swallow my real, bone-deep fear.

We had no choice but to fight the Fallen below. There were too many of us to disappear into the sky. If we moved as fast as we needed to get away before they could chase us, we would destroy the planet we were fighting to save. And I had no doubt they would pursue us. They came here to fight. Besides where would we take them? Back to Mead? Not acceptable.

We were brought here for a purpose and we were prisoners to how this would play out now. And there was still the chance that Seth needed me, that he was still in trouble.

I didn't have time for another thought, though, because Serena took off for the ground like a bullet and I was nose-diving before I could even entertain another insecure thought.

We landed directly in the middle of the large group of Fallen. I was the last to land, because I was the slowest, and my tennis-shoe clad feet sunk into the grainy sand immediately. I kept my swords at my sides, mimicking the stances of everyone else around me, even while instinct screamed inside me to raise them, to start swinging before a single word was uttered between our two sides.

There was something I knew acutely, something I had learned over the last several months that I hadn't taken seriously before. While weapons were deadly, dangerous and all-in-all bad news, the most debilitating weapon of all wasn't a sword or knife, it was words.

Aliah, Seven, even Seth, especially Seth, had the power to strip me with their words until I was a useless, weeping victim, if I let them. And I couldn't let them. While my soul was on the line here, it was my parents' lives that hung in the balance of this fight- my friends, my mentors, my Counterparts.

"Welcome," Aliah grinned at me specifically.

And we were off.

"What is this?" I asked in a weak, embarrassing voice.

Aliah glanced around and then back to me with pretend confusion. "What, this?"

"Yes, this," I groaned. "I was at prom. This couldn't have waited?" And I had been at prom- just an hour ago. Although because of the time difference and the early morning sun here, it felt like an entire night had passed instead of just sixty minutes.

It was warmer on the ground. The wind changed from the iciness of the sky to a warm, balmy ocean breeze that wrapped around my skin like a melody. It was darker down here too, but I felt that had more to do with the black auras of the Fallen spread out around us than the actual time of day.

"I have a problem," Aliah explained with a twist to his full lips, hidden in his manicured beard.

"Just one?" I snipped.

Aliah ignored me. And continued, "I signed this little contract as a formality, an incentive to procure something I had been working on for a very long time. Because of the terms of the contract, I hadn't anticipated it being quite the thorn in my side that it's turning out to be. It's time for me to tie up some loose ends."

Until that moment I had refused to look at Seth, refused to meet his golden amber gaze and see the emptiness I was positive was there. I refused to see his beautiful body, his perfect face, and familiar mouth, bending and breaking at the will of someone so evil.

But I couldn't stop myself; I couldn't hold back my heart anymore. I flicked my gaze to Aliah's right and met the startling, livid, loathing eyes of the one man I loved so fully. My soul shattered in that moment, broke apart into thousands, millions of destroyed pieces as I saw the utter hatred in Seth's expression. There was such a strong, aching pain in the area where my heart used to reside that I couldn't breathe through it, couldn't see through the flood of tears in my eyes.

The thing I had been most afraid of had happened. Gone was whatever was left of Seth's purity and innocence, and in its place was the soulless shell of a man that now hated me, me the reason he suffered, the reason he had lost that vital, good part of himself.

Me the reason all had been taken from him.

"As it turns out, I'm not the only one anxious to move on from the stipulations of our agreement," Aliah continued. He was addressing me, but I couldn't tear my eyes away from Seth. And as Aliah spoke, Seth's jaw clenched with a hard determination. He raised his swords as if he were anxious to get on with this. "We are bound by blood," Aliah continued, "but not for long."

And then all hell- almost literally- broke out.

Aliah issued one last command, "Leave the Starling for the boy!"

And then the quiet of the peaceful morning was ripped to violent, bloody shreds as sword after sword clashed together in a frenzy of bloodlust and mutual hatred.

Thinking quickly and impulsively, I dashed away from Seth and into the far side of the crowd. The Fallen couldn't kill me, but I could kill them. In fact, the only person that could hurt me was Seth, and while I had no doubt he intended to not just hurt me, but kill me, I could at least delay his fun.

And in the process, I could hopefully help out my family and friends.

It was easy to distinguish true Angels from the Fallen, as every one of us lit up with the power of our Light, our skin turning to that pure brilliancy, the rays of our inner beings reaching well beyond us. I engaged with whoever was close to me. I felt how they held back just enough for me to get the upper hand. They had to defend themselves at the same time honor this stupid contract.

And while I fought, I noticed Jude slip away on the beach. He just walked away from this like it had nothing to do with him, like he wasn't the one that brought us here. Somehow fighting off the female Fallen in front of me, I watched as Jude pulled a cigarette from his back pocket, light it and just continue to walk. His feet made indents in the wet sand near the shoreline as he went, only to be washed away by the next crash of waves. And he just went on like that, casual and uncaring, smoke puffing from his mouth and into the air next to his head as he went.

Nobody seemed to care and I wasn't going to call him out, although I was dying to know why he wasn't fighting with his evil brethren. I glanced over at Aliah who was standing back from the group as well, Seven at his side, watching with fascinated interest as the battle raged on.

There were only six of us, against more than twenty Fallen.

But we fought on.

The woman in front of me eventually weakened. I understood how there was this loyalty to Aliah, that there was this issue with killing me, but I would have fought harder for my life. I was fighting harder to live.

So when my swords crossed her throat and slid all the way through, I realized I was just as surprised as she was. My killing experience was limited. I wasn't used to taking lives other than Shadows.

My stomach lurched at the gory sight as blood spurted from her neck and her headless body fell to the ground.

Oh, God.

I had always known that this was part of my life, that at some point I would have to kill and kill often; not just the demonic Shadows that seemed more animal than eternal being, but living, breathing, Angels. Someone like me. Someone who had the potential for good, for Light, but gave it away to chase a greedy, selfish future.

My hands shook, barely able to hold onto my two swords. My stomach clenched against the roiling nausea and my mind spun with the consequences of taking a life. I was forever a changed person. Forever a true Warrior now.

Forever I would have her

blood on my hands.

And it wasn't a bad thing. I knew that. Somewhere in my spinning brain I knew that my parents had killed, that Nate and Serena killed daily. And they were still good and fighting for something worthy.

But it felt different when it was me. It felt cataclysmic and elementally changing. It felt.... wrong.

While I stood over the dead body- dead by my hands- a strong hand shoved into my back and I flew forward, sprawling into the blood and lifeless limbs of my victim. I spit out sticky, bloody sand and rolled over onto my back with swords raised defensively.

Seth loomed over me, apparently finally catching up. His face was contorted with hate and frustration, his swords gripped tightly at his sides.

"Get up," he growled.

I didn't immediately respond to his command. My body was sunk into black sand as the blood continued to run from the dead body next to me. I stupidly tried to imagine what she looked like, but I couldn't picture her face. I had been so intent on the kill that I hadn't processed anything leading up to it.

It seemed silly now, to dwell on the appearance of my victim. But I couldn't help it. I needed time to process this, and instead I was fighting for my own life, fighting to reign in my sanity so that I could face Seth and the unique danger he brought.

I couldn't do that again- I couldn't just lose myself to the fight again. Because while killing someone nameless, but evil, was traumatizing, taking Seth's life would destroy me. But unlike the dead woman next to me I wasn't going to give a half-hearted attempt at protecting myself either. I wasn't afraid to hurt Seth. I just couldn't deal the death blow across his neck.

Everything else was fair game.

"Get up, Stella," Seth commanded and my name sounded like a curse word on his beautiful lips.

I scooted back before jumping to my feet. My t-shirt was saturated with blood and sand; my

shoes were filled with the same gritty wetness. I brushed at bloody sand that stuck to my face with the back of my hand and met Seth's murderous glare with one of my own.

"Is now the time that I remind you that you made this deal?" I taunted. Bodies moved around us, metal flaring in the early sun before finding something to clash with. Smoke billowed around us, but I was sure it was Shadows either creating an illusion or dying. "You made this bed and all that."

Seth took an aggressive step forward, one sword raised and pointed at my throat. "And for the life of me, I just cannot figure out why."

Mimicking him, I took a cautious step back. "I think it had something to do with love."

"Foolishly," he bit out. "Giving up my life, my freedom, my soul for a spoiled brat that didn't even feel anything back. How stupid."

"I never said I didn't feel anything back," I ground out defensively.

Bitter laughter fell from his mouth like insults, "Yeah, you felt a little something for me, and a little something for a human not even worthy to walk on the same ground as me. And who else? Huh? How many others got to feel your little something, too?"

White and blinding, pain flashed through me. This was not him. This was not Seth. I pushed my self-doubt and raw sensitivity down, deep, deep down and pretended I had as much attitude as he did. "Now you're just being petty. I had no idea you were so insecure." He growled out an animalistic sound and I knew I hit a nerve, but something dark and punishing pushed me further. "Had I known you were lying to me all this time, I would have just lied back. I could have easily saved your poor ego, if I knew that was the game we were playing."

"I never lied to you," he shouted. "I was nothing but honest- too honest. I laid my soul bare for you, and you spit on it! You were created for me, not even given a choice to love someone else and you still couldn't admit that you had a future with me! And now everything has been taken away from me and still I ache for you. It's the cruelest kind of purgatory." His last words were grated out in a harsh whisper and the throbbing in my chest intensified to beyond what I could handle.

"So that's it? Kill me? Remove the problem? And then what?" I challenged. We had walked beyond the main battle, off to the side of the crowd, to our very own stretch of perfect beach. "You'll have peace? You sold your soul to the most sadistic creature in the universe! There is no peace for you. Kill me if you have to, but you suffer forever at your own hands. I had nothing to do with this decision."

"You had everything to do with this decision!" He was screaming now in a raging voice that echoed over every other sound. Spittle flew from his lips, his face was suffused with bright red blood.

And then he attacked. His swords swung with superhuman speed and I only caught them with my own by sheer luck. I had been determined to not just defend myself but fight back too.

In reality, under the power and skill of Seth's swords, there was no chance that I could actually fight back against this guy. He was insane with speed, strength and ability.

And I was just me.

Inadequate, lacking and half his size.

But I still kept my arms moving, my wrists loose and my focus intently on his body. I met him blow for blow. Sweat poured from my forehead, my Light was intensifying with each second and the sand underfoot became so hot it started to melt the rubber soles of my shoes.

Seth swung one blade toward my side, while the other raised above my head and sliced from the opposite direction. Just managing to move fast enough, I twirled out of the way, spinning backward and letting my blades fly with the momentum.

As soon as I landed, Seth was there, dealing more punishing blows that jarred my bones and vibrated through my body. One of his blades caught my bicep and sliced it open before I could pull back. Another got my thigh, cutting through the loose material of my yoga pants with ease.

I vaguely noted I was going to have to switch over to leather like my mom and Serena. Suddenly I understood the benefit of looking like Cat Woman.

When he nicked my neck with the tip of his sword and I felt blood drip over my collarbone, I had about had it.

"Enough!" I screamed. "Are you really going to kill me?" I was just as angry as he could ever be and even while I threw my swords up to block his next blow, I waited for an answer.

"I have to," he spat out in a voice so low and growly, I could barely make it out. "I have to end this."

"End what?" I gasped, struggling under his brute strength.

"The constant pain," he whispered as if the words actually hurt him. He pressed forward and I collapsed under his power. He was down on top of me in another moment, before I had the chance to move, to roll, to do anything but surrender to his ruthless attack.

He straddled my waist, pinning my arms beneath his heavy knees. I kept my swords tight in my hands, but they were useless since I couldn't lift my arms. His face hovered above mine, almost completely indistinguishable from hate. He growled again, words this time, but I couldn't understand him. His curved sword pressed against my throat. I felt the hot blade cut at my skin, holding me on the precipice between this moment that I was alive, and the next when I would be without a head.

Our blades were cut and sharpened so that cutting through bone and flesh was as easy as slicing soft butter. If I even breathed heavily his sword would sink deeper into my skin.

I didn't expect him to, but he was hesitating. It probably shouldn't have, but his pause gave me hope. In the depth of eyes so crazed and confused, I could have sworn I saw some kind of recognition.

"Seth," I whispered, losing the tough-girl act and reaching desperately for the love that still infused every molecule in my body. "I love you."

He winced and closed his eyes as if in real pain. His sword never left my throat but I felt his resolve stutter.

"I do love you," I promised. "Only you."

"You don't love me," he grated. "You would never tell me that now, if you did. You would know better."

"I told you before, in the forest. Remember?" His eyebrows fused together and he just looked at me. I shook my head, and the sword bit into my neck deeper. "And I have to tell you now. If this is my last chance, I have to tell you."

Confusion laced with guilt flashed in his expression. Even like this, even distorted by the torturous existence he was suffering and raging with a hate he didn't understand, he was beautiful. Perfect. Lost. I ached for him in ways that had nothing to do with fear or resentment. My entire body cried out to him, pleaded with him to stop this. And surprisingly my desperate need for him not to kill me had nothing to do with my life, or my desire to stay alive. But everything to do with Seth and his soul that still hung in the balance.

Killing me would destroy him. One day he would have the opportunity to get his soul back, to come back to himself. He couldn't do that if he blackened and demolished it in the meantime. I had to live so that he could. I had to survive so he could.

He would never forgive himself for this.

He would never recover.

"And Tristan?" he flinched. "I saw you with him. I saw you tonight."

In Tristan's truck? Could he have really seen that?

Tears leaked from my eyes now, steady streams of emotion I couldn't control. "That was goodbye," I swore. "I was saying goodbye to Tristan."

He cocked his head back and pushed the blade deeper into my skin. I choked on it, tasting the metal of blood in my mouth as it coated my tongue. "You're lying. You're always lying!" He was shouting again and applying crushing, life-taking pressure on his blade.

I mouthed no, but he was back to being evil again- back to crazy. I closed my eyes against that deranged image of him. If this was my last moment of life I didn't want to remember him this way. I wanted to picture him as the beautiful boy I knew and loved; the one filled with Light. I remembered his easy going attitude; the strength and power that rippled through him even while he was still. I wanted to remember the mischievous boy that stole my chocolate chip pancakes; the boy that danced gently with me at the Valentine's dance while my body was still recovering from my first real battle with the Fallen; the boy that curled up with me when his nightmares became too much; the boy that stole my heart and demanded I fall in love with him, not because it was our destiny but because he was the perfect answer to me- my perfect Counterpart.

I opened my mouth to tell him I loved him one more time, but blood ran out of my mouth instead and I was suddenly without the ability to move my mouth. This was it.

Something wet hit my cheek and rolled into my ear. Some distant thought wondered if it was a tear- his tear- but then he was gone and my world was thrust into confusion.

Chapter Twenty-Six

My head fell to the side, while my body frantically tried to heal the damage inflicted on my throat. I was losing a lot of blood and I couldn't seem to move my arms or legs. My hands had stopped gripping my swords, so they lay idly in my open palms.

And all the while I watched people I cared about fight. My dad was the one that knocked Seth from me. He had flown in, using his strength and power to shove Seth into a skidding path that sent sand flying everywhere. Behind them everyone continued to fight, to kill, to survive.

Bodies lay scattered and lifeless and I couldn't tell if they were all my enemies or if my friends had fallen too. My dad raised his thick broadswords and brought them swiftly down on Seth.

I had no doubt he intended to kill Seth. There was no hesitation in his swing or his stance.

Seth just barely threw his own cutlasses up to protect himself. The metal clanged together louder than anything yet. Flipping up to his feet, he met my dad hit for hit. They were both fierce, incredible Warriors, their skill unmatched by anyone else I had ever seen.

My dad would get a blow in, finding soft flesh or firm muscle, just in time for Seth to return the hit. They circled and lunged and attacked with a savage grace that flooded me with fear.

Slowly my body started to mend, pull itself back together and heal. Slowly I regained feeling in my fingers and toes. My wound wasn't as deep as it could have been, nor my pain so significant. But still I felt paralyzed by the scene in front of me. One of those men was going to die- either my dad or my soul mate.

There were no words to describe the emotions that rushed through me, no accurate way to identify the pain, terror and heartache that pressed down against me.

A shadow fell across my face and I looked up into Seven's amused expression. She was grinning, completely happy to be part of this mayhem.

"Would you like to make a bet?" she laughed lightly. "Seth against your father?"

"No," I grated, my voice as rough as gravel.

Her eyes twinkled when she crouched down next to me. "Pity I can't help my brother and end you for him." Her dagger twirled in her hands. She had all of my attention now. "It would be so easy." She pressed the blade to my still healing wound. "It would make my brother so happy."

"Do it," I challenged. "Kill me." And then Seth would kill Aliah- his soul would be returned to him, his sanity replaced.

"Do you really hate my brother so much," she hissed. Her expression flashed from disturbingly childlike to feral in less than a second. "You would take me away from him? You would take Aliah away from him. Selfish cow."

"You forgot me. I would take me away from him and isn't that what would really hurt him?" I gloated, even while every word seared in my raw throat.

Disgust morphed her delicate face into something truly disturbing. "You are but an afterthought. He left you."

"To save me," I whispered. "How hard did he fight to save you?"

She spit in my face before I saw it coming. "I don't need to be saved." She stood up and glanced at the battle raging beyond us. "Unlike you." With one last dismissing glance at me she mumbled, "Unlike your father."

I grasped the swords in my finally working palms and struggled to standing. I swayed on my feet from the loss of blood, but managed to stay upright. We healed extremely fast, but it wasn't instantaneous- our bodies still went through a process. And while the skin at my throat was closed and I was no longer bleeding, I was by no means one hundred percent.

"Maybe I was wrong," I ground out, gasping for breath. Seven didn't even turn around, she just kept trudging through the bloody sand. "Maybe you do need saving."

And then I swung my sword at Seven, slicing a straight, bloody path down her back. She shrieked at the contact and writhed with back bowed as I cut the length of her from shoulder to opposite waist. Her blood-curdling scream resounded louder than any of the current fighting and for a moment it seemed that everything and everyone stopped.

I lunged forward and with my left hand I dropped my sword and grabbed her full head of golden brown hair. I ripped her back to me and had my sword at her exposed throat in a second.

"Stop fighting!" I shouted. "Or I will end her."

She laughed a light, nervous sound and because I had my face pressed against hers I felt it vibrate against my skin. "Look who finally found a backbone," she taunted.

I pushed the sharp blade of my sword through her soft skin and dared her to keep talking. My dad and Seth were locked two swords against two swords and were the closest to us. Seth broke apart first, giving up easily and stepping away from my dad. Aliah was there next, five feet away from us and dangerously angry.

"Let her go," Aliah commanded in a deceptively controlled voice. And then he lost it a little bit, "Or I swear to you I will make Seth kill himself!"

"At this point, it's either Seth or me, Aliah, so be my guest. You'd be solving a problem for me." I feigned a lot of bravado, but inside I was shaking with nerves.

I looked around and counted my friends and family. My mom was bloody and heaving for breath, but alive and standing. A pile of bodies lay at her feet. Serena and Nate were back to back and much the same. Blood and gore covered them, either from their victims or their own wounds, which were many. My dad and Seth stood several feet apart, still gripping their swords defensively. And Jupiter stood not far off from them. He walked a few feet toward me, and consequently too close to where Seth and my dad were fighting. He was limping severely and his sword arm dangled at an odd angle from his shoulder.

"Stella," Seth called from a few feet away. "I will never forgive you if you hurt my sister."

Manipulative much? Yeesh.

"That's alright," I promised back. "I'm not sure I'm going to forgive you for trying to kill me!"

A huge grin broke out across his dirty face and a low chuckle rumbled in his chest. "We're

playing a game, Stella. I try to kill you, you try to kill me. It's how we show our love." The word love sounded like the dirtiest word in the English language, but he didn't give me time to dwell on that. "But my sister is going too far. You don't touch my family."

"Like you don't touch mine? You were just fighting my dad, you idiot!" I shouted. This was taking too much time. The truth was, I wasn't emotionally equipped to kill Seven right now. I had enough issues to deal with. And while I wanted this bitch dead and buried, I wanted those I loved safe first.

"My sister can't protect herself!" Seth yelled back, his anger breaking free again.

"Stella, let go of Seven, before I come after you myself," Aliah growled. He took a step forward and I made a point of meeting his cool green gaze and pushing my sword further against Seven's throat. She cried out in a whimper of pain and dug her fingernails into my forearm. She wasn't exactly gentle about it and soon blood dripped from her viscous nails. Still I held my position, ignoring the pain she was inflicting and the tremor in my soul.

"We're leaving," I declared.

"And how are you going to do that?" Aliah smiled confidently.

I narrowed my eyes on him, hating him all over again for what he was doing to Seth. "Do you remember the first time we met?" It was a rhetorical question and I didn't wait for his answer. "I hope she can fly."

I heard Aliah growl out a shout, but I was already taking off for the sky. I hovered for only a moment, a gruesome, horrifying moment. And it was a moment too long.

In a rage Seth whirled around and took his two swords, plunging them into Jupiter who had moved too close. One through his heart, the other into his side at a horizontal angle. Jupiter's face crumpled in agony while Seth loomed over him, pushing his weapons in deeper. Seven's delighted laugh was the only sound I heard before I lost hearing all together. My head swam, my ears rushed with panic and uncertainty. Seth turned around, as if sensing my indecision to stay or to go and met my eyes. He was not even a shadow of himself, but completely consumed by the Darkness.

I felt myself gasp at his change and then I was gone, into the sky and far away from the grief and disaster littering the beach below. I paid enough attention so that I could count the Lights that were following me- one, two, three....... Four. Jupiter could have been with them or just as easily still be bleeding out on the beach. He didn't have a Light so it was impossible for me to tell. And I couldn't dwell on that now, anyway.

A swarm of black smoke followed after them and I knew it was the Fallen following. I still held Seven clutched against my chest. Her nails were still digging into my skin, but if she was making noise I couldn't hear her. I was too lost in the confusion of the moment.

Letting my sword slice across her throat, a severe wound, but not a fatal one, I released my hold and watched her fall, flailing and frantic, to the Indian Ocean below. This time I could hear her thickening, bloody scream as she struggled to take flight and hold her gaping wound at the same time.

I turned around, not caring what happened to that evil wench and took off at a slower pace. I saw one by one Nate, Serena, my mom and then my dad who was carrying an injured and barely alive Jupiter. We didn't say anything to each other, each of us too weary to form words. But we flew with a renewed pace, anxious to leave this disaster behind us. There was an urgency to get home, to make sure Jupiter would survive the night, but there was also relief.

The Fallen had abandoned their pursuit of us. Aliah was no doubt tending to Seven and the battle that waged so hot and deadly before would be put off to another day. I was thankful for Aliah's foolish, but sole focus on Seven, even on Seth. If it meant we could escape this time, then it was momentarily to our benefit. I breathed deeply for the first time, feeling the weight of the battle lift from my shoulders.

Until Seth came flying up behind me; he grabbed my arm and whirled me around midair. His swords were gone, still deep inside Jupiter's limp body and as far as I could tell he was alone.

His haunted amber eyes met mine and he said, "You almost killed my sister."

"I didn't," I defended. "I just wanted to leave." We had to shout over the force of the wind this far up, but I still heard the depth of emotion in his words and hoped he heard mine. It was weird to see him this vulnerable and emotional just minutes after he tried to kill me. But I also knew that the monster that held a sword to my throat was not who he really was. This lost, broken man resembled Seth more than anything.

"Well, now you're leaving!" he shouted. "Again. And back to Tristan like always."

"I'm not going home to Tristan!" I was livid at his accusation. I had given this man my heart- this one, monster and all. And I loved him. I couldn't help it. I couldn't go back to Tristan even if I wanted to. "I said goodbye to Tristan. It's you. Even like this, it's you!"

Something hot and needy flashed in his eyes and he lurched forward so that we were only inches apart. "I saw you kiss him."

"You saw me say goodbye to him," I shouted.

He grabbed my biceps in his two huge hands and held me painfully. His fingers bit into my biceps and he pulled me harshly against his chest. My mom and Serena immediately flanked me, a threatening, ever-constant presence. He glanced at them briefly before returning his savage gaze to mine.

"You're mine," he rumbled, low and threatening. "He'd better not touch you again."

"He won't," I promised, but felt sick about it. It seemed so wrong to give him what he wanted after everything we just went through, but I couldn't do anything but tell him the truth. Tristan and I were over. It was only Seth. It was probably only ever Seth.

"I'm going to try to kill you again," he confessed in a ragged voice. "I swear to you, I will try to kill you."

"I know." And a tear slipped from the corner of my eye.

"Don't let me." And then he was gone.

My breath caught as I slipped in the air but I quickly righted myself. More tears poured from my eyes. I felt like collapsing to the ground, letting the impact take me, getting swallowed up by the vast ocean and giving up. But I couldn't. And not just for me.

For Seth too.

I moved with my loved ones and we made our way back to America, then Nebraska and finally home. We were as slow as we could be on the way home- without burning Jupiter, without drawing attention to ourselves. Still, there was an earnestness to get Jupiter home and hopefully save him.

We landed on the gravel drive silently. It was just past midnight by now and the Stars above were bright and vast as they stretched out from one end of the horizon to the next. I paused and looked at them, silently hating them for the cold battle they fought from such a distance; for the help they could never offer me; for their far-removed existence that didn't even touch the chaos I lived in.

We fought the same battle, but it felt infinitely different. We shared a common enemy, but I was not like them and they were not like me.

I couldn't even grasp the concept of the bigger picture in my damaged state. Nothing, no conflict, no battle, no torment existed except Seth and his heavy presence in my world.

Even Aliah paled in comparison to the man I loved and the destruction of what should have been a perfect love. I hated that he was so far away from me, but at the same time I needed him to stay away.

I hated that I loved him while he was like this; at the same time I knew that my love was the only thing that would save him.

Clattering inside the house drew my attention and I followed the noise through the front door that was left ajar to watch my dad lay Jupiter down on our dining room table. Whatever had been on there had been swept to the floor and Serena was running into the other room, gathering items as my mom shouted instructions.

Nate and my dad immediately went to work pulling the swords from Jupiter's body. He had long since passed out, so I prayed he didn't feel the jerking and tugging as the men worked to remove the weapons. Crimson blood tinged with a bright, almost neon orange flowed from his body and my mom worked to mop it up with towels that Serena brought in.

I watched in horrified fascination as they worked on Jupiter's body. His skin was sickly pale, but the blood was so bright, so hot. Where it dripped on the table it sizzled into beads. My mom's hands weren't bothered by the heat, but the towels were steaming.

If he were a Warrior, this wouldn't be a fatal wound; he would already be healing. But he wasn't a Warrior. He wasn't even human. I realized he outlived most humans by hundreds and hundreds of years but I had no idea how resilient he was to this kind of blood loss.

Eventually Serena ran out of a job and walked over to me. Putting her arm around my shoulders she led me out to the front porch. Wordlessly she sat down on the porch steps and I followed simply for something to do.

For a long while we just stared up at the sky and watched the stars twinkle above us. Eventually she let out a long sigh and said, "I miss it up there."

A humorless laugh escaped my lips and I heard myself say, "Oh, yeah?" Although I felt a serious detachment from my emotions right now. I probably should have been worried about how my body seemed to shut down and block the torrent of pain and heartache I should be going through. On the other hand, it actually felt kind of nice to be separated from what I knew to be an intense, soul-shattering heartache.

It felt like survival.

"It's simpler up there," she sighed. "Not as..... complex. Bad guys are bad guys, good guys are bright, fiery balls of Light. There's no confusion in who to kill, who to save. Evil is always evil and goodness always, always looks exactly like it should."

I stared at my ruined shoes and waited for her to get to the point.

Hopefully she had a point.

"I'm glad I'm not staying here," she admitted and I didn't know whether to laugh or stab her myself.

Instead the emotion I had been holding back broke free and the hot tears were falling from my eyes before I could get control again. Serena glanced down at me, seeming surprised by my show of emotion. A little awkwardly, she did put her arm back around my shoulder and held me close to her.

Laying her head on top of mine she said, "You were built for this world, Stella. You are equipped with the right emotions and defenses to deal with all of this. I wouldn't have spared Seven's life today. And I wouldn't have spared Seth's. You are for this world, for the people that live here. They couldn't have chosen a better Star."

"You say that, but if it were Nate-"

"If Nate were trying to kill me, if Nate were no longer in possession of his soul, I would not hesitate. It might kill me, but I would not hesitate."

And there was such solid conviction in her voice that I was stunned to find I believed her.

"It's nice to feel safe now, isn't it?" she changed the subject before all of my thoughts and feelings had completely settled. "It's nice what the people down here can do with a blessing. Now that is something I wish I could take with me. I would just bless the whole planet and then retire."

I snorted a surprised laugh. "Retire?"

"Sure," she laughed too. "Take Nate, tour the galaxy, all that good stuff."

I shook my head and laughed some more. "You're crazy."

She was quiet for a moment and then said, "You know, you are too, a little bit." She kissed the top of my head, squeezed me a little tighter and then said, "I'm proud to know you, to fight alongside you. You have a strength I didn't know existed. And when the time is right, this planet will be thankful for the force you will become. The Darkness will cower at your name, Stella. And the Stars above will celebrate in the fortress of power you will be. I know this."

She stood up, leaving me gaping at her words. She patted my head like a small child and then disappeared back into the house. I stayed on the porch, not able to face Jupiter inside on the table, not able to look at my parents who had come so close to death tonight but somehow survived, not able to deal with the rest of my life.

Instead I stayed still, staring at a world in the heavens I would never be a part of. I thought about Serena's words of encouragement and wondered if they would be true. If they could be true. If I could live up to all that.

She was right when she said my battle was complex. Seth was my enemy but my future too. How was I supposed to fight him and protect him at the same time? Not for a moment did I believe he or Aliah would stop. They would keep coming after me and keep coming after me, until either I turned eighteen or they killed me. And even after eighteen? Then what? Would Seth be able to come back to me? Would there be anything left of the soul I fought to save?

When dawn finally broke in our part of the world, Jupiter was still alive and successfully bandaged up. He wouldn't be the same for a long time, his wounds were deep and damaging, but he would live. Nate and Serena had taken off, back to their hidden house. And my parents were alive.

They said goodnight and suggested I do the same. Jupiter was now in our guest bedroom where he would stay until he was fully recovered. There was nothing left to do but go to bed.

I crawled up the stairs and dragged myself to my bedroom. I stripped down and fell into bed. I was filthy, covered in dirt, sand, sweat and blood, but a shower would wait. Snuggling into my pillow and wrapping my blankets around me, I stared out my window at the lightening sky.

Just moments before sleep took me away to the wonderful world of peaceful oblivion, I felt a presence and the shadow of something pass over my window. Too exhausted to move and emotionally worn out to care, I let my eyes drift shut and gave up thoughts of the honey-eyed boy that would haunt my every waking thought and watch over me while I slept- even while he vowed to kill me.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

"Seniors!" Piper hollered at the top of her lungs. Her head was tipped back and her arms swung out wide to her sides. All at once she dropped her head and swung her arm violently so that her hand hit her open locker door and slammed it shut. "Finally!"

"Finally," I said quietly in support. But while the rest of the school celebrated the last day of school, I secretly mourned it. Part of me couldn't wait to reach eighteen and set Seth free. And another part, currently the most emotional part, felt depressed because this was it. One more year and I would give up whatever humanity I pretended was mine. I would walk away from all these beautiful people, my friends, the people I cared about most outside of my family and Seth, and embrace a destiny I was quickly learning to despise. This was my last year in civilized society before my days and nights became stuff of super-hero legends only without the comic books to immortalize me.

It was like a countdown clock hovered above me, following me around with every step.

Besides the loss of humanity I felt strongly, there was the real possibility I wouldn't live past my eighteenth birthday anyway. Because while the fight on the Sri Lankan beach was something I personally would put down in a history book, my eighteenth birthday was basically an invitation to every bad and dangerous thing out there that I was fair game.

My identity was no longer secret and my incentive to come out of hiding- Seth- would be especially advertised.

So this was it. In a month and a half I would turn seventeen and then it was just a matter of time.

"Is your locker cleaned out?" Piper asked, eyeing me skeptically.

"Yep." I kicked at my overstuffed backpack that was pushed against my closed locker door. "You?"

"Yep," she echoed. She kicked at her own backpack that was not even zipped closed thanks to the books, papers and random locker items that overflowed the top. "Stella, seriously, you need to be a little more excited about the end of the school year. We are going to have an epic summer! We're seniors and you finally realized what a tool Tristan is. I mean, come on! All good things, baby! All good things!"

Her excitement was catching and I did feel a smile break free. But I still said seriously, "Tristan is not a tool, Pi. Give the guy a break!"

"I know," she nodded while looking down the hall where Tristan stood with Rigley and Lincoln. "It's not very nice to pick on him while he's so pathetic. Not that I'm sad you bulldozed his heart, but he's not very much fun while he's like this. I do prefer my victims to have a little bit of fight left in them. You sucked the soul right out of his future-frat boy body. He depresses me now."

"It's not like that," I argued. But Ok, it was kind of like that. "Think he'll ever recover?"

"Hopefully not," she groaned.

"Piper!" I gasped. "He'll be fine." But it was more to myself than to her. I had to believe that. I had to believe he would get over me. Our friendship had been nothing but strained and awkward since prom. And while the first part of prom been one of the most perfect if not saddest in my life, we both realized we had to move on from each other.

Sometimes I wondered if Tristan only agreed because it was what I wanted to hear. But other times I knew he believed it. There wasn't a future for us. We had always known that. It was why we had fought the attraction between us for so long. But it was excruciating to watch him recover. I hated that I caused him so much pain.

I hated that I seemed to cause every boy in my life so much pain.

"Is he why you're so mopey now?" Piper asked as she leaned back against the bank of lockers. We were still an hour from getting out of school for the summer, but nobody was taking classes seriously by now. Finals were over, lockers were cleaned out. We were just biding our time and saying goodbye to our friends that we would no doubt see in two days at the annual start of summer bonfires that dotted the countryside.

"Not really," I said honestly. "I'm just...." How did I say this?

"Is it Seth? Are you still hung up on Seth?"

I turned to Piper and felt the tears sting my eyes. I hadn't seen or heard from Seth since Sri Lanka. And I was thankful for that. But sometimes I swear I could feel him nearby- feel him watching me. Until he made contact I wasn't going to seek him out; that would just end in us fighting. But every moment of every day I worried about him, worried about what was happening to him, what new and creative evils Aliah was exposing him to. There was so much wrong with what was happening, I couldn't help but let it consume me.

"Yes," I said honestly. "It's Seth. I miss him."

"Oh, Stel," Piper crooned and pulled me against her. "I didn't even know you guys were this serious."

I fought tears and said, "I don't think I did either until he was gone. And I hate myself for that."

She hugged me tighter and released me. "Have you heard from him?"

"Nothing good," I sighed.

She frowned, her hazel eyes filling with concern. "It's probably better that he's gone then. I know it's hard, but there are other boys out there."

"Ms. Cassidy!" Mrs. Sadler, the school secretary, gasped as she passed us in the hallway. She was well into her sixties and wielded the kind of crotchety power every student was terrified of. "Get to the office right now! Have you been wearing that outfit all day?"

Piper pressed her lips together in an effort not to laugh. "Not all day, Mrs. Sadler. I've been slowly removing articles of clothing for only the past two hours."

"You've been what?" Mrs. Sadler shrieked.

"Well, you know, I'll be a senior next year. I'm just testing out my potential career options before I decide on a college." Piper smiled innocently and I had to stifle my own laugh.

"Do not share what options you're considering Ms. Cassidy. Go to the office. Now." Mrs. Sadler held out an impatient arm and Piper obeyed willingly. She flashed me a goofy smile and mouthed that she would call me later.

Piper had purposefully worn a risque outfit today in the hope of getting sent home hours earlier. By lunchtime she had been really upset that the teachers seemed oblivious to the white baggy, boys wrestling t-shirt she had cut into a kind of crop top t-shirt that was longer attached on the sides but revealed a healthy amount of belly and back. It was also scoop necked and a little scandalous. Her extra short, frayed denim skirt was just as bad. The only modest amount of clothing she was wearing was her cowboy boots that she borrowed from me. Lincoln hadn't talked to her all day; he was either too embarrassed to be seen with her or pissed she was stooping to flaunting her body in an effort to get out of school early.

I was just impressed by her confidence.

I waved goodbye and then leaned back into my locker with a long sigh.

"How committed is your friend to that kid?"

"Go away, Jude," I growled.

Cigarette smoke wafted around me and this was what I didn't understand. Piper got hauled away for her first inappropriate outfit all year and Jude regularly smoked in the hallways, bathrooms, and around the school building and nothing. He was never caught.

It did not make sense.

I thought about organizing a feminist rally, but I hated to admit that most of the female population of this school was fascinated by the resident bad boy.

But that was only because they didn't know just how truly bad he was.

There was an acceptable amount of rebel that every girl sat at attention to. And then there was the pure evil abomination that was Jude Michaels.

Ok, and maybe I hadn't exactly gotten over his betrayal yet.

Nor would I ever.

"Stella, this is a serious question. I get that your panties are in a bunch over the whole handing you over to my boss thing, but this is more important than your poor, baby feelings."

"I'm going to stab you," I warned dryly. Pulling my butterfly knife from the inside of my knee high brown boots, I flipped it casually in my hands.

I felt more than heard Jude suck in a deep breath of nicotine and then hold it. Slowly he let it out and it puffed in front of me in perfect rings of smoke. "Big plans for the summer?" he asked, ignoring my threat.

"What do you want," I sighed, resigned that he wasn't going to leave until he got it.

"Just checking in," I heard the grin in his voice even though I didn't turn to look at him. "You know, doing my job."

"I'm fine. You see that. Now be gone," I growled.

"This is going to be such a fun summer." He was laughing now. He bent his head closer to mine and lowered his voice. "I can't wait to spend it with you."

"What do you mean, spend it with me?" I demanded, finally spinning to face him.

He was wearing a smug smirk and a few days' worth of beard growth, that didn't seem fair to the other high school boys. His hair was more disheveled than usual and he looked shockingly skinnier. I told myself I didn't care though. I didn't care what happened to Jude, or why he looked a little crazed. I didn't care that his eyes were red-rimmed and that they were drawn tight even while he wore a smirk, as if he were hiding some emotion behind a curtain of nonchalance.

"Well, there's run club," he started ticking off his list while he held onto his diminishing cigarette. "That will be fun, yeah? Then there's that basketball camp for the little guys that we're both helping at..."

"You don't play basketball!" I half-shouted, realizing what he was doing to me.

"And then I hear a rumor that we're going to be working together all summer long."

"Oh, no," I groaned. "At least I can fix that. Mr. Shields will fire you for me." It was a tradition to work for Tristan's dad all summer long. He hired all the high school kids he could- cheap labor- and we hung out on Tristan's farm and spent the long summer hours being slaves to manual labor, getting farmer tans and drinking gallons of homemade lemonade. It was one of my most favorite things. And while Tristan and I were in an awkward place right now, I knew we would get out of it eventually.

This was my last true summer with him, I wasn't giving that up.

And I wasn't going to let Jude's negative, horrible presence taint it.

"Sure, you do that," he grinned at me, making me feel like I could not actually do that.

I could. Tristan's dad would listen to me. I wasn't above making up reasons, but only because I couldn't actually say the real reasons I wanted him nowhere near Tristan or his family.

"I will," I sniffed. I picked up my backpack and hefted it onto my back. Without using my Light the backpack was heavy enough that I almost tipped backward but I regained control of my body and glared at Jude whose lips were twitching with the effort not to laugh at me.

"Need help?" he teased.

I hated that. I hated that his eyes twinkled and that he acted like he knew me. I hated that he was tormenting me with his presence and stalking me because he claimed he had to. I hated that he represented a world I wanted to destroy. And that he was a direct link to all of my enemies.

But most of all I hated that if I had to deal with one Fallen on a daily basis, that it wasn't Seth that I got to deal with. I hated that it was Jude and not Seth.

I just hated him. I glanced around the hallway and when I saw that nobody was looking at me, I took my butterfly knife, flipped it open, tossed it in the air, caught it on the handle and then jammed it into Jude's thigh.

He lurched forward with a hissing breath and then choked on the nub of a cigarette still dangling from his lips. His hands immediately flew to the knife to try to wiggle it out of his too skinny thigh. I watched him for a few disturbing moments and then turned to walk away.

Over my shoulder I threw, "That's for being so f-ing annoying, you twisted bastard."

His chuckle chased me down the hallway and skittered over my skin, "God, you're mouthy."

I chose to ignore him and hoped nobody saw my school-stabbing. Last day or not, I was pretty sure that would have some lasting consequences.

"Hey," I smiled at Tristan, Rigley and Lincoln as I approached.

They all greeted with grunting responses.

Lincoln flicked his head to get his long blonde bangs out of his eyes and asked, "Have you seen Piper?"

"Mrs. Sandler caught her in that ridiculous shirt and made her go to the office."

"It's about time," Lincoln groaned. He ran a hand through his hair and then blushed when we were all staring at him.

"I thought it was awesome," Rigley grinned. "Pretty sure it motivated me to go out for the wrestling team next year."

I rolled my eyes but couldn't stop the laugh that escaped. "You're such a pig, Rigley."

"Only parts of me, Stella."

"You should probably work on those parts." I raised my eyebrows suggestively.

"You know, I might be motivated to change those parts of me, if they weren't absolutely essential to getting laid." His grin turned wicked.

Before I could say something else scathing or slap him, Lincoln interrupted. "Well, I'm off to break Piper out of secretary-jail. See you guys at the bonfire later."

And the summer activities were already in full swing.

"I'm coming with you," Rigley chased after Lincoln.

Tristan and I watched them walk away while Lincoln said, "Dude, if you stare at my girlfriend and her stupid shirt for longer than three seconds I'm canceling the party. Keep your eyes up."

"They are ridiculous," Tristan laughed, drowning out Rigley's offended reply.

We watched them disappear down the hall and then stood there silently for a few more minutes. Eventually, I turned to Tristan and willed him to meet my eyes.

After several long moments he turned to face me and I could finally look into those familiar green eyes of his. And in them reflected the heartbreak he was suffering, but also something stronger- something that had nothing to do with me and everything to do with him getting on with his life.

I ignored the pang in my chest and made a genuine effort to feel happy for him.

"Walk me to my car?" I asked.

"Sure," he smiled. "Want me to take your backpack? It looks heavier than you."

"It is," I groaned. "But it's alright. I got it."

Tristan didn't say anything after that and we walked to my mom's Malibu, that I was still borrowing, in silence. We didn't even touch, no bumping elbows, no brushing arms, nothing. Just two friends walking in awkward, terribly uncomfortable, heavy silence.

"Are you going to Lincoln's later?" I asked after I deposited my backpack in the backseat.

He stared out over my head for a long moment, rubbing one hand over his shaved head. "Yeah, I think so." He hesitated before asking, "Are you?"

"Uh, I wasn't exactly invited," I shrugged. It was probably just an oversight. Tristan thought Piper would invite me, Piper thought Tristan would say something, and Lincoln didn't care if I showed up or not.

"Sure, you're invited." Tristan looked genuinely uncomfortable. "I was going to invite you, I just..."

"Oh, no, please stop," I begged. "Don't make this worse."

"What do you mean?" Suddenly his eyes were a sharp, vibrant color staring expectantly at me.

"It's just so awkward right now." I gave him a pained smile. "Don't make it worse. Please."

Tristan let out a bark of laughter and surprised me by pulling me hard against his chest. "God, I've missed you."

My arms slid around his waist and I hugged him tightly. "I've missed you too!" I squeezed him tighter. "Can we go back to normal now?"

I felt his body deflate in my arms, as if I asked the hardest question in the world, but eventually he whispered against my hair, "Yes, we can."

I pulled back and looked up into his fathomless eyes and searched for truth. He met my intent gaze and didn't hide from me like he had been doing for the last two weeks.

"I don't want to lose you too, Tristan," I whispered, feeling raw and exposed from the acute pain stabbing at my chest.

"You won't," he promised quickly. "You didn't. It's hard for me to accept that 'normal' for us is just friendship, but I'm getting there. I miss you too much to stay this narcissistic." He grinned then and it was the familiar, heart-stopping smile I knew and loved.

"That is very good news," I laughed.

"I'll pick you up tonight? We can go to Lincoln's together?" He pulled out of my arms and started walking back.

"I would like that," I agreed.

Another one of his grins and then he turned around and left me to my car. It wasn't perfect, not even close to normal and definitely not where I wanted it to be- but our friendship would survive. He would survive this.

And I realized how utterly happy that made me. It wasn't just that he wasn't a future for me, that he would hold me back from my true purpose and die long before I hit my Angel-prime. It was that I would hold him back too. If he stayed in love with me, he would never experience a full life: a life of college, dating, marriage, kids, growing old with someone he truly loved. He would forever stand in my shadow and be passed over for obligations and world-ending problems.

Sure, there was love between us. But there wasn't a life in that love. And because we walked away early, he could still experience that.

In some ways, I was jealous of him. I was completely envious of the simplicity of his life, of the hopes and dreams he could look forward to.

My life would never be that easy- my love never laid-back or straightforward.

He was living a better life without me taking up most of it. He would live a better life without me in it.

I turned around to get in my driver's seat and that's when I saw him. He was across the highway, with his hands in his pockets, watching me intently. My heart stopped in my chest and I immediately went over my checklist of weapons- two katanas under my driver's seat, a long dagger at my thigh. My butterfly knife was gone, but there was another broadsword in my trunk if I needed it.

But he never made a move toward me. He just kept staring.

After a few more moments, he stepped back, disappearing behind the side of the one Mead bank. I felt him go, in my bones I felt his presence disappear from my life.

He was gone now, but he would be back. He would always come back. He could no more stay away from me than I could kill him.

This love, our connection, our consuming need for each other was so strong it would always bind us together. Even if it was damaged, even if it was stained and polluted for now.

It wouldn't always be.

I had to believe that. I had to believe it would become good again, just like Seth would.

And that I wouldn't always be alone in this fight against Evil. I wouldn't always be without the one man that would make this future worth fighting for and this destiny worth accepting.

The next year would be the hardest battle of my life, but the reward was worth the fight. And I would always fight for Seth. Even after there wasn't anything left for me, there would always be Seth.

And I would fight for him.

I would fight for us.

