Part I

Confidential files

WICKED Memorandum, Date 220.6.24, Time 0936

TO: Partners

FROM: Kevin Anderson, Chancellor

RE: Welcome

Welcome, colleagues, to the beginning of the greatest collaborative human effort in the history of our planet. I would not dare suggest that this is a time for excitement. The world has never known such dark times as these, and celebration is far from appropriate. What I would like to establish, however, is that we can feel hope and pride that we are a part of something that is working to save the human race. And to succeed, we must hit the ground running.

Those of you in charge of the search parties in the designated Twelve Sectors are to report back to the Council each time a suitable subject is discovered. It is far too early to know what percentage of the population meets our needs, but it has become obvious that the number will be small. We need to test each subject immediately so we can choose Candidates with the greatest potential to last until the very end.

The design team for the Maze will be presenting their latest plans to us tomorrow morning at 0900 hours at command center 3. Building a structure of this sophistication is an ambitious project during the best of times, and given the current state of the world, we anticipate that implementing phase 1 will take the next several years. We will spare no expense to keep the project on track. In a few years we will have our Elite Candidates to help in the final design and building phases.

Tomorrow's meeting will also devote a segment to the biotech creatures we have manufactured to help us create and fully manage the planned Variables.

Our Psychs and doctors have worked to come up with an action plan. They believe that we can achieve sixty percent of the patterns we need by setting in motion the incidents we have plotted so far. With at least ten years until the project reaches its cli**x, I think that is an incredible number.

Members of the Council plan to stay in constant communication throughout the entirety of this project, so do feel free to share your thoughts with me or the others on the Council at any time. I am proud to be a part of this great endeavor, along with all of you.

The future has begun.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 221.11.26, Time 1056

TO: Partners

FROM: Kevin Anderson, Chancellor

RE: Elite Candidate

We have discovered a most extraordinary Candidate.

None of us can put a finger on why he seems so perfect to serve as one of our Elites. There is simply something about him. Though very young, he seems to have an awareness of his surroundings well beyond his years. His verbal and cognitive skills are at an adult level, yet somehow he still holds on to an innocence-a childlike quality-that has endeared him to everyone he has met so far.

Preliminary tests show the most promising results we have had thus far. His intelligence and capacity to learn are immeasurable. He also has the potential for incredible physical abilities, which of course will be vital in the Maze if he ends up doing what we would like him to do.

We have decided to name him after one of the most important inventors in history, as we believe strongly that he will go on to achieve great things.

If you would like to observe Thomas, go to room 31J. (Located next to Teresa.)

I think you will be impressed.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 224.9.6, Time 1108

TO: Partners

FROM: Kevin Anderson, Chancellor

RE: Implants

One of the most delicate elements of our project is complete. All brain devices, including the Swipe trigger, the manipulators, and the telepathy tools, have been successfully implanted. I am happy to pass on that the doctors reported only seven deaths during surgery. Many fewer than we had feared and anticipated.

Transcript of Subjects A1 and A2, Meeting 1

BEGINNING OF TRANSCRIPT

Thomas: Hey.

Teresa: Hi.

Thomas: Why did they put us in here?

Teresa: I don't know. They wanted us to meet and talk, I guess.

Thomas: How long have you lived here?

Teresa: Since I was five.

Thomas: So ...?

Teresa: So four years.

Thomas: You're only nine?

Teresa: Yeah. Why? How old are you?

Thomas: Same. You just seem older is all.

Teresa: I'll be ten soon. Haven't you been here just as long?

Thomas: Yeah.

Teresa: Why do they keep some of us separate? I can hear other kids screaming and laughing all the time. And I've seen the big cafeteria. It's gotta feed hundreds.

Thomas: So they bring your food to your room, too?

Teresa: Three times a day. Most of it tastes like a toilet.

Thomas: So you know what a toilet tastes like?

Teresa: Can't be worse than the food they give us.

Thomas: Heh. You're right.

Teresa: So there must be something different about us, don't you think?

Thomas: I guess. There has to be a reason we're kept alone. But it's hard to guess what when we don't even know why we're here.

Teresa: I know. Is your life pretty much school stuff from wake-up to lights-out?

Thomas: Just about.

Teresa: They keep telling me how smart I am.

Thomas: Me too. It's weird.

Teresa: I think it all has something to do with the Flare. Did your parents catch it before WICKED took you?

Thomas: I don't want to talk about that.

Teresa: Why not?

Thomas: I just don't.

Teresa: Fine, then. Me neither.

Thomas: Why are we in here, anyway? Seriously, what're we supposed to be doing?

Teresa: Talking. Being tested. I don't know. Sorry being around me is so freaking boring for you.

Thomas: Huh? You're mad?

Teresa: No, I'm not mad. You just don't seem very nice. I kind of like the idea of finally having a friend.

Thomas: Sorry. Sounds kind of good to me, too.

Teresa: Then maybe we passed the test. Maybe they wanted to see if we'd get along.

Thomas: Whatever. I quit guessing about things a long time ago.

Teresa: So ... friends?

Thomas: Friends.

Teresa: Shake on it.

Thomas: Okay.

Teresa: Hey, does your brain hurt sometimes? I mean, not just like a normal headache, but deep down inside your skull?

Thomas: What? Are you serious? Yes!

Teresa: Shh! Quiet, someone's coming. We'll talk about it later.

END OF TRANSCRIPT

WICKED Memorandum, Date 228.2.13, Time 1842

TO: Partners

FROM: Kevin Anderson, Chancellor

RE: Telepathy Progress

A quick report to all those not directly involved in Project Silence. Of all the elements we debated during the planning stages, this is one that I think we can all agree is an absolute winner. The potential for valuable pattern results from those with implanted abilities is enormous. Though we have not yet officially begun collecting data, we can already see what a boon to the studies Project Silence will be.

Please remember the reasoning we have agreed upon for why the Elites have been given this special gift of communication; it is important in case you ever come into direct contact with them and are questioned. These Candidates are, by nature, very curious-not only about this particular issue, but also about why they are being treated differently from other subjects in all aspects. They have often asked each other about it, and the questions have become constant now that they can speak to one another via telepathy.

Please remember, if questioned, to answer that they have been given the ability to do this for one reason and one reason only: to allow them instant communication as they help us complete the Maze. The irony is that it really will help. Quite a bit. I believe we greatly underestimated how smoothly and efficiently the structure will operate with such remarkable workers.

It is vital that these Candidates never learn the truth. Once our subjects know that we have manipulated their brains to such an extent, we will lose the advantage of their oblivious and sincere reactions to the upcoming Variables. Their altered perspective and inevitable suspicion will not only taint the results in the beginning, but will also make it almost impossible to implement the stimulating experiments when we begin feeding them memory retrievals and the like.

Those are the two things I wanted to bring to your attention. First, that the telepathy is working even better than we could have hoped, already proving that it will be invaluable in creating the kinds of situations and Variables we will need throughout the experiment. And second, that we must ensure that Thomas and the others think they have been given this ability merely to assist in their design-and-build efforts.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 229.6.10, Time 2329

TO: Partners

FROM: Kevin Anderson, Chancellor

RE: Spread of the Flare

Due to the increased rapidity of the virus's spread and the outbreak within our own facilities, it seems we may need to rethink the schedule of the Maze experiment. Although it would be ideal to keep to our five-year time line of study and analysis, I suggest we pare back to two years before sending in our catalyst subjects. I've spoken with Thomas, Teresa, Aris, and Rachel; they are in agreement.

I do not believe we will be able to collect all the necessary patterns by the end of this phase. This makes it almost certain that we will be required to implement the second phase we have tentatively planned for. We will achieve results more quickly by accelerating the schedule, though the experiment will be much, much riskier.

The next few months are going to be terribly difficult. I am instituting mandatory testing with the Psychs FOR ALL PARTNERS every other day so we will know when we have reached the point of no return, at which time decommissioning will take place. We cannot let the decline of our minds jeopardize the very project meant to stop such a thing.

Please be sensitive around Thomas and the others. Despite their intelligence and maturity, sometimes we forget how young they are. They will need thick skin to make it through the transition to becoming our replacements; they will have to survive with their emotional and psychological foundations intact or the whole project could be a failure. We must watch them closely.

At this time it is important that we not let hopelessness prevail. We have a chance to save the future. Be diligent. Be decisive. Detach your emotions from the difficulties of the present and remember what we have held as our mantra from the very beginning: we will do whatever it takes to succeed.

Whatever it takes.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 231.5.4, Time 1343

TO: Partners

FROM: Kevin Anderson, Chancellor

RE: My Farewell to You All

I hope that each one of you will forgive me for doing this in such a cowardly manner, sending you a memo when this is something I should do in person. However, I have no choice. The effects of the Flare are rampant in my actions, embarrassing and disheartening. And our decision not to allow the Bliss within our compound means I can't fake it long enough to say goodbye properly.

Typing these words is difficult enough. But at least I have the ability and time to write and edit in the small windows of sanity left to me.

I do not know why the virus affected me so quickly and so viciously. I deteriorated far more quickly than almost all of the original group. But no matter. I have been decommissioned, and my replacement, Ava Paige, is ready to take charge. The Elites are well into their training to serve as the links between us and those who will continue to run WICKED. Ava herself admits that her purpose is almost that of a figurehead, with our Elite Candidates the true rulers.

We are and will continue to be in good hands. The noble endeavor we began over a decade ago will see itself through to fruition. Our efforts, and for almost all of us, our lives, will have been spent justly and for the greater good. The cure will be built.

Honestly, this is more of a personal note. To thank you for your friendship, your compassion, your empathy in the face of such difficult tasks.

One word of warning: It gets bad in the end. Do not fight your decommission. I did, and now I regret it. Just leave and end the suffering.

It has become too much.

Thank you.

And goodbye.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 231.5.5, Time 0716

TO:

FROM:

RE:

I only have two fingers left.

I wrote the lies of my farewell with two fingers.

That is the truth.

We are evil.

They are kids.

We are evil.

We should stop, let the Munies have the world.

We can't play God.

We can't do this to kids.

You're evil, I'm evil.

My two fingers tell me so.

How can we lie to our replacements?

We give them hope when there is none.

Everyone will die.

No matter what.

Let nature win.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 231.6.22, Time 1137

TO: The Replacements

FROM: Thomas [Subject A1]

RE: The Purge

I take total responsibility for what we have had to do over the last few days.

What we have to keep in mind, though, is that WICKED is alive and stronger than ever. The Maze is up and running and our studies are in full swing. We are on the path and we cannot stray from it.

All I ask is that what we have done here remain within the organization and never be referred to again. What's done is done, and it was a mercy. But now, every waking thought has to be devoted to building the blueprint.

Ava Paige is the new chancellor of WICKED, effective immediately.

WICKED Memorandum, Date 232.1.28, Time 0721

TO: My Associates

FROM: Ava Paige, Chancellor

RE: Regarding Chuck

I wanted to share some quick thoughts about Chuck's death since talk of it is rampant around the compound. Though not surprising, the reaction disappoints me.

We all understand what it is we have been asked to do, and we all knew that we would be expected to do things that are difficult. But WICKED's purpose is about the long term, and everything will have been for nothing unless we accomplish our ultimate goal. Showing small mercies along the way does no one any good.

The Psychs have determined what we need to stimulate our subjects and seek the patterns; their edicts are our first concern. Chuck was a wonderful child full of life and sweet tenderness. Of all our subjects, he may have been the one most likely to earn our sympathies, as well as those of his companions. Ironically, that is the very reason why what happened needed to happen. You saw the results for yourself.

Most importantly, and to ease your conscience, remember that Chuck was not a potential Candidate and most certainly would have met an even worse death eventually. If anything, we did show him a mercy by setting up the scenario that led to his murder.

There is not much else to say. I do not need to preach about morals or right and wrong. We are in survival mode, and the only thing that matters is maximizing the number of lives saved in the long run. Please visit our in-staff counselors if need be, but then please move on and stay on course for the Scorch Trials. The discussions regarding this matter must cease immediately to keep morale up.

Part II

Recovered Correspondence

TO ALL SURVIVORS OF THE SUN FLARES

The Flares Information Recovery Endeavor, henceforth known as FIRE, hereby calls upon municipal units, police agencies, social services and any surviving governmental entities for help. Because most means of communication have been rendered useless, this flyer is being disseminated to the four corners of the world by any available means, including Netblock, Berg, plane, boat, car, and horse.

So far FIRE comprises representatives from the North American Alliance, Russia, the European Union, the United States of Africa, and Mexico, all countries that have suffered catastrophic damage from the sun flares. We hope to gather more representatives from around the world as quickly as possible.

The globe has been ravaged by this disaster. But now is the time to pull together to do what we have always done: survive. FIRE's first task is to assemble world leaders and collect information. We will then organize governing units, police forces, and food and shelter coordination plans.

If you read this message, please find a way to send word back to the FIRE headquarters in Anchorage, Alaska.

Post-Flares Coalition Memorandum, Date 217.11.28, Time 21:46

TO: All board members

FROM: Chancellor John Michael

RE: Population concerns

The report presented to us today, copies of which were sent to all members of the coalition, certainly left no room for doubt as to the problems that face this already crippled world. I am certain that all of you, like me, went to your shelters in stunned silence. It is my hope that the harsh reality described in this report is now clear enough that we can begin talking about solutions.

The problem is simple: the world has too many people and not enough resources.

We have scheduled our next meeting for a week from tomorrow. I expect all members to come prepared to present a solution, no matter how extraordinary it seems. You may be familiar with an old business saying, "think outside the box." I believe it is time we do just that.

I look forward to hearing your ideas.

To: John Michael

From: Katie McVoy

Subject: Potential

John,

I looked into the matter we discussed over dinner last night. AMRIID barely survived the flares, but they're confident that the underground containment system for the most dangerous viruses, bacteria, and biological weapons didn't fail.

It took some wrangling, but I got the information we need. I've looked through it and come up with a recommendation. All the potential solutions are far too unpredictable to be usable. Except one.

It's a virus. It attacks the brain and shuts it down, painlessly. It acts quickly and decisively. The virus was designed to slowly weaken in infection rate as it spreads from host to host. It will be perfect for our needs, especially considering how severely limited travel has become. It could work, John. And as awful as it seems, I believe it could work efficiently.

I'll send over the details. Let me know your thoughts.

-Katie

To: Katie McVoy

From: John Michael

Subject: RE: Potential

Katie,

I need your help preparing my full proposal for the virus release presentation. We need to focus on how a controlled kill is the only way to save lives. Though it will make survival possible for only a select portion of our population, unless we take extreme measures, we face the eventual extinction of the human race.

You and I both know how hypothetical this solution is. But we've run the simulations a thousand times and I just can't see any alternative. If we don't do this, the world will run out of resources. I firmly believe it is the most ethical decision-the risk of race extinction justifies the elimination of a few. My mind is made up. Now it's a matter of convincing the others on the board.

Let's meet at my quarters, 1700. Everything has to be worded perfectly, so prepare yourself for a long night.

Until then,

John

To: Randall Spilker

From: Ladena Lichliter

Subject:

I'm still sick from the meeting today. I just can't believe it. I can't accept that the PCC actually looked us in the eyes and presented that proposal. Seriously. I was stunned.

And then more than half the room AGREED WITH THEM! They supported it! What the hell is going on? Randall, tell me what the HELL is going on? How can we even THINK about doing something like that? How?

I've spent the afternoon trying to make sense of it all. I can't take it. I can't.

How did we get here?

Come see me tonight. Please.

-LL

Post-Flares Coalition Memorandum, Date 219.02.12, Time 19:32

TO: All board members

FROM: Chancellor John Michael

RE: EO draft

Please give me your thoughts on the following draft. The final order will go out tomorrow.

Executive Order #13 of the Post-Flares Coalition, by recommendation of the Population Control Committee, to be considered TOP-SECRET, of the highest priority, on penalty of capital punishment.

We the Coalition hereby grant the PCC express permission to fully implement their PC Initiative #1 as presented in full and attached below. We the Coalition take full responsibility for this action and will monitor developments and offer assistance to the fullest extent of our resources. The virus will be released in the locations recommended by the PCC and agreed upon by the Coalition. Armed forces will be stationed to ensure that the process unfolds in as orderly a manner as possible.

EO #13, PCI #1, is hereby ratified. Begin immediately.

To: John Michael

From: Katie McVoy

Subject: Potential

John,

We received the following radio message from soldiers at Ground Zero EU: an exchange between a Lieutenant Larsson and a private named Kibucho that began during a helicopter flyover. I have to warn you, it's a little disturbing.

*Begin transmission*

Larsson: What the *expletive* is that down there? Through that gash in the roof. What's all that movement?

Kibucho: They're supposed to be *expletive* dead by now. It has to be animals or something.

Larsson: No way. But it's too dark. We need to get down there and have a look.

Kibucho: I'll tell them.

*Three-minute break in transmission*

Larsson: Open the door.

Kibucho: Are you sure?

Larsson: Open the *expletive* door, Private!

Kibucho: Going in.

*Two-minute break in transmission*

Kibucho: He chopped off my leg! He chopped off my *expletive* leg!

Larsson: What? What the *expletive* are you talking about?

Kibucho: [Garbled response.]

Larsson: Private! What's going on?

Kibucho: Half of them are alive! Get me out!

Larsson: Backup, backup, backup! We need backup in Sector Seventeen of Ground Zero EU immediately!

Kibucho: [Garbled screams.]

Larsson: Holy *expletive*! Holy *expletive*! They're eating him! My God, they're eating him!

Kibucho: [Garbled screams that cut off abruptly.]

Larsson: They have me cornered! Oh, *expletive*, they have me cornered!

*End transmission*

We need to gather the board.

-Katie

To: Randall Spilker

From: Ladena Lichliter

Subject: Unbelievable

I know you've been sick, but the reports are flying in now. Have you seen any of them? These aren't rumors anymore, Randall. They have at least 27 confirmed sightings of infected groups. The virus didn't kill them! None of the doctors or scientists can nail down what's gone wrong. But most of the people living at Ground Zero locations are completely insane, like animals. They're monsters!

But that's not even the worst part. What has the Coalition terrified is that victims even had time to escape from the remote camps. The Coalition thought the incubation period and onset of death would be much faster. And there are reports of symptoms in citizens outside the hot zones. Everywhere.

Randall, we have a major, major crisis on our hands. They should've listened to us. They should've listened!

God help us.

-LL

To: John Michael

From: Katie McVoy

Subject: Some last words

John,

There's no way we can stop this. You're right. I hate to admit it, but it's true. Every effort we made to prevent the spread was pointless. The virus is jumping bodies every second. We can only hope that the rumors of the presence of Immunes are true. They might be the only chance we've got for survival.

A cure. I can't think of any other possible solution. Somehow, we have to find a cure.

Did you hear what the media has taken to calling it? The Flare. I'm sure it'll stick.

I have it. I know I do. I'm leaving. I don't want to infect anyone.

You were a true friend in this madness.

Goodbye, John.

-Katie

Post-Flares Coalition Memorandum, Date 220.05.01, Time 11:23

TO: All board members

FROM: Chancellor John Michael

RE: Another solution

The killzone. That's their word for the brain now. Where the Flare does its damage and slowly kills you with lunacy. And they already have a nickname for the Immunes, too. The Munies. What utter ridiculousness.

But jargon matters not. What matters is how it all connects. The killzone. The Flare. The Immunes. A world that's in complete catastrophe. We need to find a cure. There is no other way to go forward.

We will meet tomorrow, 0800.

I have an idea.

Part III

Suppressed Memories

Thomas's first memory of the Flare

It had been five days since they'd locked Thomas up in the white room. On that fifth day, after trying his best to go through the routine he'd established-exercise, eat, think, repeat-he decided to lie down and sleep. Let his terrible new world wash away for a while. Exhausted, he faded quickly and images began to bloom in his mind.

Thomas is young-he can't tell how young exactly. He's curled up in a corner, knees pulled up to his chest, shivering with fright. His dad-the man who holds him, reads to him, kisses him on the cheek, hugs him, bathes him-is on a rampage, screaming hateful things and turning over furniture. His mom tries to stop him, but he pushes her away without even seeming to realize who she is. She stumbles, tries to regain her balance, then slams into the wall a few feet from Thomas.

Sobbing, she crawls to him, pulls him into her arms.

"Don't worry, honey," she whispers. "They're coming to take him away. They'll be here soon."

"Who?" Thomas asks. His voice sounds so young, and it breaks his dreaming heart.

"The people who are going to take care of him," she answers. "Remember, your daddy's sick, very sick. This isn't really him doing all of this. It's the disease."

Suddenly Dad spins around to face them, his face aflame with anger. "Disease? Did I just hear you say disease?" Each word comes out of his mouth like a poisoned dart, full of venom.

Mom shakes her head, hugs Thomas tighter to her body.

"Why don't you just say it, woman," Dad continues, taking a step toward them. His chest is lurching with his attempts to suck in breath, and his hands are clenched into tight fists. "The Flare. Tell the boy how it is. Tell him the truth. Your dad has the Flare, Thomas. It's comin' along real nicely." Another step closer. "Your mom has it, too. Oh yes. Soon she'll be chewing on her fingers and feeding you dirt for breakfast. Laughing hysterically while she breaks the windows and tries to cut you. She'll be bat crazy, boy, just like your daddy."

Another step closer. Thomas squeezes his eyes shut, hoping it'll all go away. The dreaming part of him doesn't want to see anymore, either. Wants it to end.

"Look at me, boy," Dad says with a snarl. "Look at me when I'm talking to you."

Thomas can't help it. He always does as he's told. His dad looks calm now in every way except one: those fists. Fingers and knuckles white.

"That's good," Dad says. "Good boy. Look at your daddy. Do I look crazy to you? Huh? Do I?"

He shouts those last two words.

"No, sir," Thomas says, surprised he can say it without shaking.

"Well, you're wrong, then." Dad's face pinches with anger again. "I'm crazy, boy. I'm a madman. I could eat both of you for dinner and love every bite."

"Stop it!" Mom screams, a sound so loud it pierces Thomas's eardrums painfully. "You stop it right now! I swear to God I'll rip your heart out if you touch my son!"

Dad laughs. Not just a chuckle, either. His whole body shakes and he throws his head back as booming laughter pours from him, filling the house with its noise. Thomas has never heard something sound so wrong before. But the man keeps it up, laughing and laughing and laughing. "Stop it!" Mom screams again. She repeats it over and over until finally Thomas can't take it anymore and covers his ears.

Then the doorbell rings, barely loud enough to be heard. But both of his parents go silent. Dad looks in the direction of the front door, his face suddenly showing fear.

"They're here to get you," Mom says through a sob. "My sweet, the love of my life, they're here to get you."

Thomas woke up.

Frypan, Swipe Removal Operation

Frypan looked up at his nurse, and though nervousness filled his gut, he knew he was doing the right thing and forced himself to relax. He was about to get his memories back. His memories!

He couldn't wait to see his past.

The woman swabbed a spot clean on the side of his neck, then poked the needle into a vein before he could get another word out. There was a sharp sting and then warmth flowed through his body.

"There," she said. "Just rest for a few minutes. We'll lower the mask as soon as you fall asleep."

"How does it work?" Frypan whispered; he couldn't help himself-he wanted answers. "What is the Swipe, anyway?"

"Just relax now" was all she said in response.

Frypan closed his eyes and resolved to shut up. The answers would come soon enough. He breathed deeply, doing his best to follow directions, to calm his nerves. The warmth he'd been feeling expanded as weariness trickled in, pulling him toward sleep.

"You ready?"

Frypan's eyes snapped open to see his nurse staring down at him through what seemed like a white haze. He tried to speak, but only a mumble of something unintelligible came out.

"You look ready," she said. "Just wanted to let you know I'm about to lower the mask. You don't need to do anything-go ahead and close your eyes again. When you wake up you'll remember everything."

He grunted, closed his eyes. He hadn't been this tired in a long time.

Something squeaked, followed by a grating sound, then a few hard clinks. He felt the pads of the mask on his skin. Something whirred, reminding him of the Grievers, which sent a brief spurt of panic through him before it got swallowed by his exhaustion.

Just before he lost consciousness, he swore he could feel cold worms trying to burrow their way into his ears.

* * *

Frypan swam in a pool of darkness.

Somewhere on the outside, in the periphery, he was aware of pain. It bit at his nerves, sliced through his head and brain. But a dullness, the fog of drugs, numbed it, made it a thing he didn't care about.

As he floated in the absence of light, he remembered how others back in the Maze had described the Changing-an awful journey into a swirling white tornado of their imagination. And that was when recalling only a few flashes of memory. They talked about the extreme pain, and he wondered if he was about to go through something like that. He wasn't too keen on the idea-a good burn from the stove was about the worst thing he'd been through before.

Things developed differently than he could've ever guessed.

He floated in an impossible vacuum-with no gravity, no sense of direction or space. Finally an unseen ground solidified below him and his feet touched a hard surface. He pulled himself together and looked around, hoping for a light to banish the darkness that pressed in on him, scaring him.

Something creaked close by and he turned toward the sound, saw an open door, a soft light spilling out to reveal a stone path between him and the entrance to who-knew-where. He knew this all had to be imagined, that he wasn't actually in this place, seeing what he was seeing. It had to be symbolic, something formed in his imagination to be able to process whatever the doctors were doing to his brain with their mask machine.

He reached the door in just four steps, hesitated in front of it, then pushed it open wider and entered a sea of blackness. As his eyes adjusted, he realized he was in a long hallway that stretched into the distance as far as he could see. The walls, floor, and ceiling were no longer black, but white. They went on until they converged into a single point.

A series of screens was set into the right wall, one about every three feet, seeming to continue as far as the hallway itself did. The screen closest to him suddenly flickered with static; then a moving image formed within its square, perfectly clear and crisp. Frypan stepped closer to get a better look.

A man, standing at a kitchen counter, his arm moving furiously as he mixes something in a bowl. Frypan is sitting on the floor, staring up at this man. His ... dad. The man turns to face Frypan, a huge smile on his face. "These are going to be the best pancakes ever eaten by humans. Almost ready!" Frypan laughs.

The screen goes black. Frypan realizes this was his first memory, the earliest his mind can go back; he was maybe three years old. He is remembering his dad, his kind face full of love as he smiled and spoke.

Frypan knows what to do next, reminds himself that it's all imagined-this is how his brain has chosen to give him his life back. He walks to the next screen.

He's sitting in a small pool, splashing and shrieking, crying when too much water gets in his eyes. Warm hands reach down-a woman's hands-and wipe his face; then he begins all over again. A ball is thrown in and he kicks it. His mom's body keeps appearing and disappearing in the background as she paces back and forth. She's just learned some awful news about the disease spreading across the world.

He doesn't know how all this is so clear from just watching a few images. But it is. He moves on to the next screen.

A little older, helping his dad in the kitchen. They're making stew, chopping up all the veggies and meat. His dad is crying. Frypan knows that his mom has been taken away for further testing, and that they've said his dad will be next.

On to the next screen.

A man in a dark suit, standing by a car. Papers in his fist, a grave look on his face. Frypan is holding hands with his dad on the porch. WICKED has been formed, a joint venture of the world's governments-those that survived the sun flares, an event that happened long before Frypan was born. WICKED's purpose is to study what is now known as the killzone, where the Flare does its damage. The brain.

Frypan is immune. Others are immune. Less than one percent of the population, most of them under the age of twenty. Many people have developed hatred toward those who are immune, call them the Munies and do terrible things out of jealousy. WICKED says they can protect Frypan while they're working toward a cure.

His dad says many things to him. Mostly that he loves him and is so glad that he'll never go through the horrible things they're seeing happen around the world. Madness and murder.

Frypan has no reason to process or think too deeply about the returning memories. They're not like new revelations, things to which he should respond somehow. They've always been there, inside him. He has already reacted to them. He has been shaped by them. He's not learning. He's not experiencing. He's remembering.

He walks to the next screen, hungry to be himself again.

Minho, Phase 3 Trial

Three days had passed since they'd arrived on the Bergs from the Scorch, and Minho was just about ready to go whacker. He'd been kept in a small dorm room with plenty of food and absolutely nothing to do. Counting the rows on the wallpaper and imagining faces in the swirly patterns of the ceiling had grown old. And he'd heard nothing about Thomas or his other friends.

On the morning of the fourth day, the Rat Man showed up at his door with two armed guards.

"Follow me," he said.

"No hugs and kisses?" Minho asked. "I've missed your ugly face."

"Follow me or you'll be fired upon." Not even a crack in his stone-hard expression.

Minho sighed and did what he was told. He wasn't in the mood to be shot that day. And if he was honest with himself, anything would be better than sitting in that room for one more second.

Minho followed the Rat Man down a long hallway and then into a small chamber that led to several marked doors.

"You're in room number eight," the Rat Man announced. He gestured to the door marked #8.

They stood in silence until Minho asked, "Oh really? And what am I supposed to do in there?"

"A simple test," the Rat Man answered. "Nothing like the Trials before, I assure you. Yours is probably the easiest of all the tests we've created, and I think the shortest. You will be asked one question and one question only, and the answer will consist of exactly one word. Sound simple enough?"

It sounded too simple. "You actually think I could ever trust you, shuckface?"

"Excuse me?" the Rat Man asked.

Minho shook his head. "I swear to God that if you do one more thing to me or my friends, I won't quit fighting until I'm dead."

A smirk appeared on the man's face, enraging Minho even more. "I give you my word that your response alone will dictate what happens. Everything from this point on is voluntary. The Trials are over."

Minho was so angry he almost shook. He knew he had no choice but to do what he was told, and it drove him crazy.

"Are you ready?" the Rat Man asked.

Minho grunted. He walked over to the door marked with an eight and opened it. He was surprised-there was no fancy gadgetry, no complex machines. It was just a small beige room with a single wooden chair in the middle of a brown-tiled floor. A whiteboard hung on the opposite wall, and beside it stood a tall, muscular man dressed in green scrubs and a white lab coat. He had perfectly combed black hair and the worst mustache Minho had ever seen.

"Welcome," the man said. "My name is Lincoln. Please have a seat, facing me."

Curiosity took over. Minho sat in the chair, wondering what to do with his hands, until he finally folded them in his lap.

"Now please observe," Lincoln said in a cold, clinical voice.

The man turned and started writing with his finger on the upper left hand corner of the board, his touch creating a bright red line as he moved.

The first word Lincoln wrote was Thomas. Then he moved down a few inches and wrote Newt.

Then down again and added Frypan, and Aris under that. The man shifted to the right and wrote Harriet in the upper corner on that side. He moved down and wrote Sonya. Then Teresa. Then, to Minho's surprise, Brenda.

When Lincoln was finished, eight names were printed in red on the board, evenly spaced. He turned to face Minho once again.

"Do you confirm that you are aware of these eight individuals?" Lincoln asked.

Minho rolled his eyes. "Yeah, genius, I know them. The Rat said you'd only ask me one question. Is that it?"

"The actual Experience exercise has not begun. This is what we would call prep work. Please answer the preliminary question and then we will begin the test. Do you-"

"Yes!" Minho yelled. "I know them. What now?"

Lincoln showed no signs of being caught off guard. He calmly responded, "Thank you for confirming."

His eyes flickered to one of the back corners of the ceiling; Minho turned to see what he was looking at. A beetle blade was attached to the wall; its red light made it impossible to miss.

Minho could see the familiar scrawl of WICKED painted on its body. Memories of the Maze flooded in, and he shifted to face Lincoln again.

Of course they'd be observing all this, he told himself. But did they really have to use beetle blades? He hadn't seen those since leaving the Maze.

"Okay, we're ready to begin," Lincoln said loudly. The man returned his full attention to Minho.

"As you've been told, I'm going to ask you one question and one question only. Your response should be limited to one word. I'll pose the question in ten seconds if you're ready."

Minho let out a small laugh to show how absurd the situation was, then nodded. He was ready.

When the allotted time had passed, Lincoln spoke in a grave voice that showed he meant every single word. "Our doctors have determined that we need to dissect the brains of these subjects for a more in-depth study. But we will allow you to spare one of them. Which person do you choose to save? That is your question."

* * *

Five full minutes passed. Minho sat in silence. It couldn't possibly be true. Did WICKED really mean to cut his friends' brains apart?

"Minho," Lincoln said, "I need you to answer the question, but you can take some more time if you need to. I know it must be difficult."

"I'm not going to answer your stupid question," Minho replied, surprised at how much venom was captured in each word.

"This is no game. The people on this list have been used to their fullest extent, and the only value remaining is to study them physically. Your friends will have the honor of donating their lives to the noblest cause ever known to mankind."

Minho said nothing, seething in his chair.

Lincoln persisted. "Be thankful that the Psychs determined that this Trial would be beneficial. At least you get to save one of the people you care about."

Minho broke eye contact and looked down at his hands. He'd been gripping the sides of his chair tightly, he realized. Spots swam before his eyes, blood pounded in his head-almost as if he could hear it running through his veins and to his heart. Of all the many times he'd felt anger since entering the Maze, it had never been like this. Never.

"How much time would you-"

"I don't need any time!" Minho yelled before the man could finish. "I refuse to answer! If you even touch a single one of them, I swear ..."

"I'm afraid you have no choice in the matter," Lincoln's voice was firm, and he seemed unfazed.

"Times are desperate, and we need to complete this blueprint. We need those brains for study."

"I won't let you do it," Minho said, suddenly calm. "If one of them gets hurt, I'm done. Take your chances with me, do however many tests you need to, but leave them out of it."

"That's simply not an option, Minho. I'm sorry. We need you to make this choice. And we're willing to take whatever actions necessary to ... encourage you to continue volunteering."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

The lines of Lincoln's jaw tightened. "It means what it means. Now which of these names do you choose?"

"I choose all of them," Minho said.

"You can choose only one."

"All of them."

"One and one only."

"All."

Lincoln took a step forward. "I'll ask it a final time before taking further measures. Which of your friends do you want to save?"

"Every single one."

Lincoln rushed forward and grabbed Minho by the shirt, pulling him to his feet. "You will choose, now!"

Minho was terrified, but he ignored it. "All!"

Lincoln reared back with his right hand, formed a fist, and punched Minho in the face. Pain burst through his head as he fell to the floor. Lights seemed to flash along the brown tiles a few inches from his eyes. Lincoln grabbed him and pulled him back up, turned him around so they were facing each other once again. His strength was ridiculous; Minho had no chance.

"Which name do you choose?" Lincoln asked him.

Minho's face felt broken and he tasted blood, but he refused to give up. "I won't choose!" He spat a wad of red goo onto Lincoln's face.

The man didn't flinch; he punched Minho again, but held him up this time so he couldn't fall.

Another explosion of pain, more lights.

"Minho," Lincoln said with insulting calm. "Which of the names do you choose?"

"I won't," Minho forced out.

Lincoln punched him on the other cheek. Again. Then again. Minho's head felt like needles and mush.

"Make a choice." Lincoln spoke between heavier breaths now. "Which one of the names do you choose?"

Minho didn't get it, couldn't comprehend how this could all be necessary. The confusion just made him even angrier and more stubborn.

"All of them," he said, ashamed of how it came out, nothing but a whimper.

"We can do this all day," Lincoln said. "We're not leaving and I'm not stopping until you give me an answer. All you have to do is say one name. Just say it! Now, which one! Say it!"

"All of them, you slinthead shuck-faced piece of klunk." Minho smiled.

Lincoln showed the slightest hint of surprise on his face, but recovered almost as quickly as he had slipped up. He stepped back, smoothed out his clothes.

"The test is over," the man said. "You're free to go."

Stunned and battered, Minho remained speechless as the guards came into the room and escorted him back to his dorm.

