PROLOGUE

(END OF FISSURE)

"Would you guys excuse us for a while?" I addressed the room with an invisible line drawn between the Haywards and Scarletts. "Just, eh, make yourselves comfortable." Grabbing Emma's hand in mine, I headed for the balcony for the illusion of privacy. It wouldn't have mattered if we were two houses down-if my brothers wanted to eavesdrop on our conversation, they could, and knowing Joseph and his expecting this whole convincing Emma thing to be a flop, he'd be hanging on every word.

Sliding the door closed behind us, I didn't think about what I was doing until I was kissing her, bracing her against the railing, moving my mouth against hers not as softly as I should have, but not as roughly as I wanted.

I didn't really care if her brothers were watching and about to kick my butt, and I didn't care if my brothers were watching and disapproving of every last forbidden Mortal fraternization kiss, I only cared that this was what I had to do right now.

Some instances were created ages before the beings involved in it were even born. This was one of those instances. Me kissing Emma, Emma kissing me, like history had been building it up since the world's inception.

I could have said this was something of a "good" kiss, but there weren't words, least of all "good."

"Goodness gracious," she whispered, breathing short when I pulled away just enough to still feel close, but still kind of pained at the distance. "Now I'm even more convinced what you've got to say is going to be bad. Very bad," she said, looking at me, waiting for an explanation.

"Why?" I asked, touching the bandage covering the better part of her forehead.

I felt the muscles move beneath it. "Because no one kisses like that unless they're half convinced it could be their last kiss for a while."

Man, that would have been the kind of kiss to end it all on, it was the way I wanted to go-kissing the woman I loved-but I hoped there'd be more before my lips, along with the rest of me, took me to jail.

"It's not so bad," I began, making a no big deal face.

"No one says that unless it is bad," she replied, tracing a finger over the Stanford lettering of the sweatshirt I'd snatched from one of her brothers. "Just give it to me straight, no more stalling, no more kissing, no more modifiers as you ease yourself into it. Explain until the explaining's done." That was typically the way I liked things, the way I did things. I was anti-sugar when it came to coating the truth, but having Emma standing before me now, wanting nothing more than to protect her and give her nothing but happiness, I got why William had been a fan of using it with Bryn.

It was the only mercy we had to offer them in the midst of the often cold, always hard, truth.

However, just as William had been when Bryn had thrown the no-sugar-today ultimatum on the table, I was incapable of giving Emma anything but the same at her request.

"It's very likely your brothers will be facing some convincing charges for what they did to Ty tonight," I began, finding it hard to look into her face as the strength began to melt away, piece by piece. "I doubt there's any way around serving jail time, which would result in them losing their scholarships, their spots on the football team, the futures they planned on."

I glanced inside at the Scarlett brothers and how their lives could be permanently ruined from tonight, the injustice of it all. I was certain they hadn't hit Ty half as many times as he had Emma over the course of five years.

"I'm not going to let this night demolish everything they've worked for. Like you said, the four of you got where you did by employing elbow grease and sheer determination. I won't let them take the fall for something I would have gladly done had they not taken the honor of it away from me," I said, trying not to overanalyze what the shift in her expression meant. "I put the bat in their hands, the idea in their heads; I was the mastermind, they were only the muscle. I can't allow them to serve the time when they wouldn't be facing it if it wasn't for me. Especially when their futures won't be waiting for them on the other side and mine will." I'd lived three lifetimes of a man's future and I was finally looking into the green eyes of the one I'd been waiting for.

"Patrick," she said slowly, doubt in her voice, "what exactly are you getting at?"

"Everyone's on board with the... modified version of what happened tonight. Your brothers, my brothers, Julia, Ty-"

"You saw Ty?" she said, her hands dropping to her side.

I nodded my head. "I had to convince crapperware with some persuasive means to align his side of the story with the one I crafted."

Her face dropped too. "And what have you been crafting?" she asked, like she already knew.

"Everyone is going to confess to me being the one attacking Ty tonight," I said, and there it was.

The flash of pain tearing open her face I'd wanted nothing more than to avoid. The pain that was perhaps the whole reason I'd avoided relationships in the past, because if you wanted to experience the good, you had to take the bad with it. Because the good was nothing but the norm without the bad.

The norm...

Everything Emma wanted and yet another reminder of what I couldn't give her.

"You don't have everyone in on your lie," she said, trying to break free of my arms. I didn't let her.

"You went to my brothers. Your brothers. Julia. Ty!" she yelled, letting me see the hurt in her eyes. "You went to the devil himself to get him on your side before even talking to me about this?" she asked, wanting me to confirm it again because she didn't want to believe it.

"I did," I admitted, because there was no other way to put it.

"Yeah," she said, breaking through my arms this time. "I guess it doesn't really matter what the woman you supposedly love thinks. The boys are all on board, so of course Emma will just go with it, right?" she accused, spinning towards the slider. "But guess what?" she hollered, looking at me over her shoulder. "Everyone is not on board, so good luck getting your story to stick in court." She rushed through the door, whooshing it shut with a slam. Gripping the railing like I wanted to turn the wood to powder, I tilted my head back and cursed at the moon, at the bloody stars, and universe, and cosmos for aligning the stars to not be in my favor tonight.

One more curse flowing under my breath and I followed after her, not because I was worried about what would happen to all of us if she didn't carve her story to match ours, but because I'd hurt her. No punishment that could be inflicted by man could hurt me worse than this.

The sets of brothers were still on opposite sides of the room, although William and Joseph were at least trying to make small talk.

"You guys," I snapped at the pacing Scarletts, "you need to get out of here now. Before the cops get here." When their pacing continued, I shouted, "Now!" One word put them into action faster than a string of them.

While one set of brothers were scrambling into action, I looked to the other set, one of which had a smile of satisfaction taking up the lower half of his face.

"That went well," Joseph said, clapping his hands at me. "Like you said, convincing a woman is as easy as you are."

William nudged him, shaking his head in a not now kind of way.

"Don't you have a rainbow to paint or something?" I sneered over at him, holding myself back from throwing him to the ground because that's how we Hayward brothers tended to resolve these kinds of situations. An old fashioned, rough and tumble, fight to the word mercy.

"You guys need to get out of here too," I said, looking at William since he was the only one not smirking at me. "The fewer people here to question when the cops come to get me the better." I waved at the door. "You can take the Mustang, so make like a tree and leave."

"What?" Joseph said, shoving off the countertop. "I thought you wanted us to sit back and enjoy the show? I wouldn't want to leave just as it's about to good." Motioning to the microwave, he added, "I just threw in a bag of popcorn to enjoy the part where Patrick is about to have his ego bubble burst."

"Get out," I whispered because it seemed more convincing that a scream. It was. Three brothers hurried out of the kitchen, congregating at the door.

"Hey, guys," I called out, forcing my rage fuse to snuff out. They weren't the ones I was mad at, and it wasn't fair to take it out on them because I couldn't on Ty. "Thanks," I said, "and sorry for the mood swings."

"When you say sorry," Nathanial said, opening the door, "are you apologizing for tonight or since the day you were born?"

Joseph turned away, probably to hide the expression he was stifling a laugh around.

"Yeah, yeah," I said, shooing them away. "Get out of here, you ugly brutes."

"We love you too, little brother," William replied before the door closed behind them.

Once they were gone, I wished they were back because nothing was waiting for me but the uncomfortable silence only an upset woman could create. This might have been a good time for the cops to come and take me away.

Forcing myself down the hall, I tapped the door of the guest room Emma had occupied a week ago.

"Go away," was her succinct and immediate response.

"Not gonna happen," I said, sounding another knock before letting myself in.

"Go. Away," a blanket covered lump repeated from the bed.

"No."

"I don't want to talk to you. I don't have anything to say. So be on your merry way to jail." Her voice was more sad than angry, but more angry than affectionate.

"Don't go to bed mad," I said, pulling on the blanket. She snatched it right back. "Stay up and fight.

You won't be able to sleep anyways."

"You want to fight?" Emma seethed, the blanket performing acrobatics across the room.

"Not really," I said, taking a couple steps back because she was three shades of pissed. "I'd rather discuss what's bothering you in a mature, peaceful, you talk and I'll listen, then I'll talk and you listen kind of way."

Walking on her knees to the end of the bed, she came to a stand, glaring at me like I'd betrayed her in every way a man could betray a woman. "How about I talk loudly and you listen because I've heard ten lifetimes worth of screaming and I made a promise to myself I'd never allow myself to scream at someone. As much as I want to right now." She might not have been screaming with her voice, but her eyes were picking up the slack. "So, what defense could you possibly have for getting everyone else to go along with your lies, and then you came to me last? Because Emma will go along with whatever, right?" she said, mimicking a man's voice as she threw her arms around. She wasn't having any problem moving those arms now. "Emma doesn't even have a backbone. She won't stand up to me. She won't challenge me on this." Her eyes were too swollen for me to detect the tear before it skied down her cheek. She wiped it away so fast it could have been acid. "What sort of explanation could you have that I'd want to hear?"

I glued myself to the wall behind me because I felt my own anger trickling into my veins, and two hot-heads accomplished nothing but a lot of shattered picture frames. "Was that you trying to twist what I did tonight into something Ty would do?"

"No," she said, cinching her bathrobe tighter. "That was me making a conclusion based on the evidence. You didn't ask me. You didn't come to me first, second, or even third. You came to me last, telling me this was the way it was going to be."

And then I got that everything-looks-different-from-someone-else's-point-of-view ideology.

Perception is reality.

"God, Emma. I'm sorry," I said, tapping the back of my head against the wall. "It was a crappy thing to do now that I hear it from your shoes. When I came up with this hair-brained scheme, you were being stitched back together and I had to get to Ty before he talked. But you're right, I should have come to you first," I admitted, realizing it now, of course. Why would anyone upstairs want to make my life easy? "I'm sorry. It won't happen again. And just so we're straight, I'm not telling you that you have to go along with this. I'm asking you." And I was. I wouldn't force anything on her, even myself if she didn't want me to. "I respect whatever decision you come to and I mean that. I'm not just saying it because I'm supposed to.

"So," I said, walking towards her, wanting to kiss her so badly I knew I shouldn't, "are you going to tell me what's really bothering you?"

I waited for her answer. And waited some more. I knew me not including her in my quest to make myself a felon had upset her plenty, but it wasn't what was still causing the skin between her eyes to line.

"When I have a tough time deciding where to begin, I find starting with the truth helpful," I said, trying to be supportive, but I knew it could be taken as a remark coming from the mouth of an insufferable smartass.

Emma collapsed on the end of the bed. "I've lived twenty years without you, one month with you, and for one night-one fraction of a night-you've been mine. And now I'm losing you," she whispered into her lap.

And I got it. Got to the heart of the problem. Now that I'd identified it, I could work towards fixing it.

"Emma, you are not losing me," I said, kneeling in front of her. "I'm just going to spend a little time behind bars, maybe none since I have an attorney on my side that doesn't know how to lose." I took her hands in mine, focusing on the feeling, knowing there'd be more than a few nights I'd spend dreaming of this moment. "And I haven't just been yours tonight. I was a lost cause the day you called me out on a perfect sun-tanning day."

A corner of her mouth lifted in a sad smile. "It won't matter how long you're in there because you're going to end up resenting me. You'll blame me for being there, and you'll be right to." She looked at me, apology etched in her face. "Nobody would be in this mess if it wasn't for me. And I know I'm not very good at relationships, given my colored history, but blame and resentment have a way of choking out anything good that might grow in a relationship."

Why were women so adept at twisting things up into the worst possible conclusion? "You talk this crazy every Thursday night?" I asked, kissing her when I wanted to shake my head in frustration. Embrace the good at all costs, I'd heard someone say once, and I was going to do just that. "Listen to me, Emma," I said against her mouth. "I love you. Nothing's going to change that, a little jail time least of all, although no promises I won't come out with facial tattoos and a bald head, looking ready to bench press a bus." She laughed, less sad this time. Something was finally getting through, but it was like trying to smash through a concrete barricade with a pencil. "But you're going to lose everything you've worked for too. I try not to make it a habit of mingling with convicted felons,"-she lifted an eyebrow at me-"but it's common knowledge that a mark like that stays on your record for awhile and makes employment difficult to ascertain."

I wanted to shake my hands to the sky in exasperation. She was worried about me going away for all the wrong reasons. All I was worried about was not being able to kiss her until her, me, or both of us were senseless.

"The only thing I'm concerned about waiting for me outside of those exit gates is you," I said, meaning it. My job didn't require a clean record, Stanford could kick me out for all I cared,-I'd found exactly what I'd been looking for there-and I certainly didn't need any more money. "Everything will be fine. Everything is fine now. Since I know you don't believe it in your present state of woman crazy, can you just take my word for it?" It was asking a lot; trust wasn't something that was easy to give away.

She touched my face, like perhaps she didn't think it was real, until the trio of lines folded between her eyes smoothed. "Fine," she said, blowing a chunk of hair off her forehead. "Now seems like a bad time to stop trusting you anyways, especially since I'm about to tell you I love you for the first time." I didn't hear it right away. I mean, I heard it, I just didn't process it. It was what put the surreal in life. Hearing someone loved you because they did, because they'd chosen to, not because they shared the same DNA as you, but because they'd observed, studied, and analyzed you, and they'd liked what they'd seen. They'd loved it.

"Do you think you could say that one more time?" I asked, turning my ear. "Just because I wasn't expecting it and I really want to give myself over to the moment and this time I can at least brace myself for it?" I was rambling. Patrick Hayward was rambling like an idiot. And I didn't care.

Looking at me, no, seeing me, Emma opened her mouth. "I love-" I couldn't wait for the third and final word. I was kissing her again, which felt a lot more like consuming, but it was a joint effort. Pressing against her, we took our kiss horizontal, the mattress molding around her while I held myself above her.

I didn't want to brace my forearms on either side of her head, but the reminder of her bruised body stayed relatively in the front of my mind when nothing else did, so I held myself just above her, just barely against her.

Minutes passed, the kissing nowhere near cresting, when something that felt a lot like responsibility filtered its way through my male one track mindedness.

"Em?" I whispered, hoarse from our mouth marathon. "There's one more thing I'm asking, asking, you to do," I said, rolling onto my side next to her.

She rolled onto her elbow, pressing a peck to my mouth before replying, "What?"

"I need you to be strong," I began, hoping I'd deliver this with as much strength as softness. "I need you to tell the cops everything. I need you to do what your mom didn't. I need you to tell them everything Ty ever did to you, down to the last finger he laid on you." Against everything I'd prepared myself for, her face didn't blanch white, her eyes didn't fill with fear, her shoulders didn't fall with doubt. Emma had found the strength I'd known was there the whole time.

"And there will probably be a trial, and you'll have to tell the god-awful story all over again. And I know how hard it will be for you to relive, to admit to strangers you were abused by the person who should have loved you unconditionally, but you need to do this so the SOB gets locked away for awhile and gets a permanent mark on his record." I ran my thumb down the side of her face, having to dodge bandages and stitches like it was an obstacle course. "So next time he's raising his hand to the next girl who falls for his act, he'll think twice. He'll wonder if this girl is as strong as you are, able to stand up to him. To hold him accountable for his actions." I kissed the tip of her nose, watching a tear fall on her cheek. I didn't realize it was mine at first. "Lock him away, Emma. And then I swear to you, he'll never hold any sway in your life again."

Her hand slid into the curve of my neck and, somehow, I felt what she was going to say before she said it. "You didn't need to ask, tell, or demand me to tell my story," she said, peaceful like I'd never heard her. Peaceful like the silence after a thunder storm in the summer. "I gave Ty too much of my life, and I'm not going to give him any more. I'll tell everyone on the face of the planet my story if that's what it takes to be free of him. I don't even care if he only serves a week. That's one week he can't hurt anyone else," she said, inhaling. "I know if I'd had one week without having to live in fear of every moment alone with him, every word I said that could set him off, it would have been like paradise." I wanted to kiss her again, I wanted to do more than just kiss her, but I heard the sound I'd been listening for approaching at last. Ty hadn't wasted any time telling his story, but I'd said what I needed to say and could face what was to come next with a ready heart.

"All right, Em," I said, pulling her up with me so I could hold her one more time. "The cops are almost here."

Turning her head, like she was trying to pick up the sirens, she said, "How do you know? I don't hear a thing."

"They're a little over one mile away," I said, opening Pandora's box just a crack, just enough to plant the seed so that when I told her everything, that seed would have taken root and could be built upon.

"And you can hear them from a mile away?" There was nothing antagonistic about her voice, just curiosity. Asking for an explanation-one that I couldn't give at this time of impending arrest.

"I can," I said, moving right along to my closing point. "When they get here, don't say a word. Okay?

Once we're gone, go to the nearest police station and make your report."

"Since I'm a fan of efficiency and convenience, why can't I just tell these cops, in the comfort of your home, what happened?" she asked, her fingers gripping into my back like she too was already experiencing the separation anxiety I was.

"These cops are coming to arrest a bad guy, not take a domestic violence report from a nice girl," I said, steering us out of the bedroom because I didn't want anyone busting down my front doors. "We need empathetic, non-biased cops on our side here, and I promise you the ones about to come through that door won't be."

She could hear the sirens now-her head whipped towards the door like she was ready for an invasion and tear gas. Ever so slightly, so much so I could barely detect it, she started to tremble.

"This is no time to lose your courage now, Em," I said, squeezing her shoulders. "Be brave. I promised you everything will be all right and that's a promise I made with no maybes, no conditions.

That's a promise I'll go to my grave to keep." I looked hard at her, kissing her lips for the last time in what would be a while. The cops were already power-walking up the driveway-three of them. "Okay?"

"Okay," she whispered, bobbing her head.

"I love you, Emma Scarlett," I said, pressing my forehead against hers. "You make me every shade of crazy, and I wouldn't have it any other way. I'm coming back for you, and I better find you waiting for me because I don't care what, why, or who it is, I'm not letting you go without a fight." A rapping thundered into the room and made both of us snap to attention, whipping our heads towards the door.

I slid her a reassuring smile before turning and walking towards the door, but she didn't let me go alone. She wouldn't let me face this without her at my side. She was just as much my protector as I was hers, and that made me feel every kind of good a man could feel.

Resting my hand on the handle, I exhaled. Sliding her hand over mine, she gave it a squeeze and helped me get this over with.

"Patrick Hayward?" the cop sporting a buzz cut, a mastiff sneer, and a pair of handcuffs boomed as soon as the door was open.

I nodded, spinning a one eighty, my hands crossing together over my back.

"You're under arrest for the aggravated assault of Ty Steel. You have the right to remain silent.

Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to speak to an attorney."

I smirked at the floor; my attorney was going to kick their attorney's ass.

And then I looked back up at Emma. At her anxious face, but still peaceful eyes. I was going to jail for a crime I didn't commit for a woman I loved. And I'd do it all over again. I'd never been so bloody happy in my life before.

As officer bull mastiff started pulling on my freshly handcuffed wrists, I slid a smile into position, and I'd bet my fortune my eyes even twinkled. "Don't worry about me, Em. No bars can keep me caged."

CHAPTER ONE

Blackness still sweltered around me like an unwelcome house guest, but this time it had nothing to do with my mental fortitude, or decay thereof, and everything to do with it being lights out at my new bachelor pad. Also known as the prison that shall not be named.

Instead of spending the last few months wrapped in the glorious arms of the siren Emma Scarlett, I was gag reflex and hairnet deep in kitchen duty, slopping corned beef hash and other substances of a gelatinous form onto the trays of men wielding them like weapons.

In addition to being a jumpsuit wearing, slop-tossing maid, I showed the boys how a real game of street ball was played, bench pressed four hundred pounds just so every other bad ass behind bars would know I was the baddest ass of them all, and wrote enough love letters to keep the mailman busy. I also spent a good portion of my months behind bars losing myself in thought to pass the seemingly endless time.

Thoughts consumed all, every last one of the orange jump-suited felons with nothing to look forward to except tomorrow's watered down cup of cheap coffee. Lucky for me, I had more than enough good ones to get me through the day-thoughts, that is. Ones that involved the woman I didn't only love, but flippin'

worshipped. A woman who had as checkered of a past as myself; a woman who was honest enough to call me on my bull; and a woman I wouldn't settle for anything less than spending the rest of her lifetime with.

So, yeah, to the ever growing list of attributes, verbs, adjectives, titles, and profanities prescribed to me, one could officially add felon. Nathanial was more than his usual shade of pissy self when Judge Stick-Up-His-Butt announced the verdict-not because his little brother was found guilty of aggravated assault and would be serving hard jail time, but because his perfect record of never losing a case had come to an end.

I'd be lying if I didn't admit I'd let myself have a moment of vindication, doing an internal cartwheel that I was the one responsible for tarnishing a one hundred year winning streak, but then the fact I had a date with a sour-faced warden and hundreds of lonely, hardened criminals hit me full on as cold metal circled my wrists.

I didn't even have a chance to grab her hard against me, bury my face into the bend of her neck, feel the breath moving in and out of her chest, before I was handcuffed. Watching her face fall apart as she mouthed my name while I was being all but drug out of the courtroom by the chain of a set of handcuffs was a worse punishment than the four month sentence I'd been given.

Emma gave her side of the story, like the pillar of strength I'd always known she was and she was just beginning to embrace, and it was convincing enough to lock the jailhouse bicycle formerly known as Ty Steele away for a year. I'd been so damn proud of her, hearing the run down of her testimony retold by William. I wanted nothing more than to fold her into my arms that night and fall asleep with her, putting her day in court, the past six years of domestic abuse, and the past twenty years of being abandoned by two parents in two very different ways behind us like a bad dream. I wanted to wake up with her the next morning and file those nightmares away forever and embrace the future together.

However, an impressive set of steel bars, a nasty brigade of prison guards-that from their screwed up expressions seemed like they were suffering a bad case of hemorrhoids on a daily basis-and a wall of China chain-link fence kept Emma away from me.

However, it didn't keep me away from her. Completely.

She didn't know about it of course, and I knew it was eighty-eight ways to Sunday seriously creepy, but as I was a being of supernatural quality, gifted with elements of the same quality, I wasn't about to waste this gift. So, because I could, and because I wanted to more than I knew I should, I teleported into her dorm room every night, right around the same time. A few hours after midnight and a couple before dawn, the only time it would be safe to assume a college student of her four-point-o quality would be asleep.

It was only for a few seconds; I might have been brazen, but I wasn't a fool. A complete one, at least.

My God-seeing her like that, asleep, peaceful, too beautiful to be real...

Those few seconds got me through the rest of the twenty three hours, fifty-nine minutes, and fifty-seven seconds until I got to spy on her again.

A helicopter snoring started below me, so intense it rattled the springs of my pee-stained, not-even-fit-for-an-Inheritor mattress. Mr. Rogers, my cell mate and, in my opinion, the second biggest badass in this tomb of posers, was dreaming of sugar plums. Mr. Rogers wouldn't talk about why he was doing time, so naturally, speculations aplenty ran about, but I could recognize death in a man's eyes when I saw it.

And Mr. Rogers had it.

And, like me, he didn't seem to regret it. But while I knew the intentions behind my kills were as pure as killing could be, I couldn't ascertain that by a mere review of Mr. Rogers's cloudy brown eyes.

Hell, if the fact the man had killed others wasn't enough to give him a wide berth in the lunch room, the name he'd earned here would have done the trick. Scorpion, Cobra, Danger, those nicknames had nothing on Mr. Rogers. Rule of thumb when it came to prison names: the more benign the name seemed, the scarier the dude behind the name was.

It wasn't even ten and I had five hours to kill before I could catch a few second glimpse of Emma, so what was I going to do with myself? I could be in Bora Bora sprawled in the white sand, or balancing on a ledge of Notre Dame, or enjoy a bowl of the best red curry I'd ever tasted outside of Pu Khet. I could be anywhere, all night. Every night.

But next to being beside Emma, there was only one place I wanted to be.

I was there before I realized I'd pinpointed the coordinates in my mind and focused my energy on getting there.

I landed smack in the center of a kitchen, in my favorite brother's house, staring at the back of the woman who'd inadvertently shown me I was capable of falling in love.

She was holding a steaming cup of coffee like it was her religion, and to Bryn, caffeine was. It was one of the few times I'd seen her alone since she'd become a Hayward and I wasn't going to let a rare opportunity pass me by without riding the wave.

Like the generations experienced cloak and dagger man I was, I tiptoed like a little girl, sneaking up on her where she sat swinging her legs from a barstool.

"Just because I don't have eyes on the back of my head doesn't mean I can't sense when someone's sneaking up on me in my own kitchen." She spun around, a Bryn one-sided grin hitched into position.

"Especially someone that's wearing something as bright and ginormous as a hot air balloon. You can't stalk in that thing. You rustle." Her eyes scattered over my cliche, right down to the hunter orange color, jumpsuit.

This was why I normally landed in my bedroom first, so I could change before my family wouldn't let the open door of payback go unexplored. However, the slop served today looked, smelled, and when I'd chanced a bite, tasted toxic. My stomach was screaming-not because I needed food but because I wanted food-and, while I knew Bryn was hopeless when it came to most things of a kitchen nature, I also knew family dinner night was held at their home tonight and that meant leftovers.

"You were trained by the best," I said, giving her that sardonic smile right back.

Her eyes made slow work of rolling. "Hey, Bart. How many license plates did you punch today?"

"Hey, yourself, Bryny-bear," I said, nice and slow and enunciated. "How many pieces of toast did you burn today?"

"That was weak," she said, giving me an unimpressed face. "Jail's throwing you off your game."

"Don't I know it," I grumbled, mentally counting off the many ways.

"Uh-oh, I know that face," she said, popping off her stool and forging towards the refrigerator.

"You're three and a half seconds away from transforming into a petulant child if you don't get food." She began unloading the contents of the fridge, balancing more plates and bowls than someone with Bryn's proclivity for clumsiness should. Rib-eyes, creamy garlic mashed potatoes, buttermilk biscuits, grilled veggie kabobs-Abigail and Cora had whipped together my all-time favorite meal. My mouth was watering. What Pavlov's bell did to his dogs, rib-eyes did to me.

"An orange jumpsuit is undeserving of this meal," I said as Bryn began heaping potatoes on a plate.

"I'm going to change and I'll be back."

Turning towards me with a plate of steaks swimming in their juices, she smiled, lifting the plate at me. "Oh, I know you will."

And just like that, with a snap of my teleportation fingers, I was sliding a pair of pewter slacks from their hanger the next moment, trying to make as little noise as I could so Father wouldn't hear me and distract me from sinking my teeth into a twelve ounce divine cut of meat.

The jumpsuit hadn't hit the floor before I was buttoning up a white oxford and, since jail issue underwear were in the same class as steel wool, I slid out of those too. Since the dresser holding my sexy, expensive, soft undergarments was across the room, I slid into the slacks. I went commando half the time anyways and at the present moment, it meant getting back to food, good food, sooner. I could think of few instances that would more warrant a session of feeling, eh-hm, free than that.

Shoes and socks would take too long, so I wound up barefoot and undergarment-less when I made my reappearance in front of Bryn.

"That was quick," she said, surveying my wardrobe change as she slid a steaming plate of food, glorious food, on the breakfast bar.

I pounced into that chair so fast you would have thought it was my first, last, and only chance to spend the night with Emma. And I mean that in a mostly clothed, tapering off before hitting third-base kind of way. Maybe.

I sawed off a piece of meat, smearing it through the mountain of potatoes before burying it into my mouth.

"Oh my god," I moaned, chewing through my words.

"Pretty good?" Bryn smiled, setting a bottle of my favorite brand of root beer in front of me.

I resisted the urge to pick up the slab of meat and eat it like a slice of pizza. "Peanut butter and jelly sandwiches are pretty good," I said, cutting off a manly sized piece of steak. "There are no words for this."

By the end of the next bite, my foot was thumping the ground like a dog who'd found his sweet spot.

"I take it from that expression you're going to want seconds?" She was already piling up another plate.

"Just keep it coming," I said around a mouthful of potatoes. They were fluffy like Abby's, but buttery like Cora's. They were a superhero hybrid of the two, positively the best mashed potatoes I'd tasted in my two hundred years.

"Where's the ruler of the universe?" I asked, checking over my shoulder to make sure he wasn't going to pull a sneak attack.

She shifted, two bites into gnawing her lip when she answered. "Asleep." The poor woman couldn't have sounded less casual if she'd tried.

"Asleep?" I said, pausing my knife mid-slice. "The last time I remember William sleeping was..." My face scrunched in concentration. "Never. I don't remember the last time he slept. In fact, I'm not even sure William Hayward is capable of sleep." Chosen One duties have a way of eating into a man's personal time.

To complement the lip biting, Bryn flushed crimson.

"Bryn, Bryn, Bryn." I clucked my tongue, taking immense pleasure in her discomfort. "What have you been doing to my big brother that he would require nothing short of the recuperative qualities of sleep to restore himself?"

She rushed to the sink, distracting herself with washing a spotless faucet head. She was either pretending she hadn't heard my question or was ignoring it.

"You fox, you," I said, whistling through my teeth.

"Grow up, Patrick," she said, flicking a few droplets of water at my face.

"I tried it once. Wasn't really my thing."

"Then why don't you keep that large mouth of yours clamped shut?" she said, sliding the second plate behind the one I was two bites away from clearing.

"I didn't even need to try that to know keeping my mouth clamped shut wasn't my thing." She sighed. I received a lot of sighs throughout the course of a day. "You are exasperating." I met her eyes. "Ditto that, Mrs. Hayward."

That had her squirming again. Not because she wanted me or I wanted her anymore, but because we had history. Well, for my part, we had history. Histories have a way of tainting your present, no matter how fully you heal from them.

"How's jail?" she asked, smiling devilishly. "Meet any nice single guys in the shower room?" I nearly choked on my food. "Is it just me, or have you become an exceptional smartass since joining this family?" I asked, pointing my fork at where she stood smirking at me.

"What can I say? I learned from the best," she said, tying her hair into a high ponytail. "My former strength instructor wasn't only a master of martial arts, but a master in the art of smartass."

"Now that sounds like a fine specimen of a man," I said, digging into the second plate and taking no hostages.

Bryn made a sound of acknowledgement, but not one of agreement. Would it kill her to admit I was a pretty decent guy? I was no William, not by any stretch of the imagination, but I wasn't some derelict tube sock.

"Who's been training the newbies while I've been busy fraternizing with the Mortals?" I used to cringe over that phrase, but that was before "fraternizing with the Mortals" included talking, touching, embracing, kissing, and every other "ing" with Emma Scarlett.

"Some guy based out of north Idaho," she answered, lifting a shoulder. "I haven't met him."

"Well, even if he lacked the badass strength instructor, I'll-rip-your-arms-off-and-beat-you-with-the-bloody-stumps aura, him being from north Idaho should be enough to intimidate any newbie."

"Ready for thirds?" she asked, a clean plate and a scoop of potatoes at the ready.

"Is there dessert?"

"Of course."

"Then, nah. I'm good," I said, demolishing the last chunk of steak. "So, did you get your cap and gown for graduating from talent training? Things were a wee bit accelerated with you and things since have been a little hectic. Plus," I said with a lazy shrug, "I doubt anyone wants to piss you off given you could kill them with one touch."

Bryn was a Taker, as in a taker of life. Practically unheard of amongst our kind and the strength of her gift was unparalleled. I was probably the only instructor who was brave, or dumb some might argue, enough to take her on as my pupil. But where a gift of her substance was involved, I preferred that she was with me rather than against me.

"I guess so," she answered, cutting a deep dish apple pie in half. "Your dad's actually been working with me lately."

Bryn was a solid bluffer, about a hundred times better than Emma, but about a million times worse than I was. She might be trying with all her might to keep the apprehension from her voice and face, but she wasn't fooling me for one sly second.

"Chancellor Charles Hayward has been filling talent instructor shoes? Giving private lessons?" It didn't add up to me, but I knew father had already solved the equation. He was meticulous with his time and where he expended his efforts-Bryn had become of some value to him, outside of being a daughter-in-law.

The realization should have been less concerning than it was.

"I suppose that's what you could say," she said, focusing her attention on balancing half the pie on a spatula as she flopped it on the plate. "Although there are no guidebooks we're consulting for our lessons.

It's more of a speculate as we go and test our theories by trial and error." She slid the slab of pie in front of me, continuing to look everywhere but in my general direction.

This act might have worked on William, but it didn't stand a chance against my BS detector.

"Vagueness doesn't become you, Mrs. Hayward," I said, shifting in my seat until I caught her line of sight. She was seven shades of disturbed.

"Yeah, and letting a girl brush something under the rug might become you if you gave it a chance once an eternity." Her eyes flicked northwards.

"I doubt it," I said, diving into the pie as Bryn scooped half a gallon of French vanilla ice cream on it. "I'm one of those people who like the truth."

"Good for you," she grumbled, retrieving her cup of coffee and leaning across the counter from me.

"So," I said, arching a brow, "what has the good Chancellor been trial and erroring with the most gifted Taker in known existence?"

"Stop being so dramatic," she said, taking a slow sip of her coffee.

"Start telling the truth."

She sighed, the exasperated kind. "I'm assuming you've heard of the Reversal Project?" That was a truth of Immortal history I'd been happy to keep swept under the rug.

"If you're talking about a certain low point in Immortal history where a bunch of nut-jobs thought they could transition an Immortal back into a Mortal, then yeah, I've heard of it," I said, scowling into my pie. "But I'd prefer not to take a stroll down that memory lane and I sure as hell don't want to talk about it."

"Good," Bryn said all matter-of-fact, "neither do I, so...moving on to the next topic?" If I wasn't already convinced, women were infuriating creatures.

"How the hell does the Reversal Project have anything to do with what my father and you are doing?" I said, for the first time in a long time losing my appetite. "Because it better have nothing to do with it. The RP was like the dark ages of our kind and I'm not about to revisit that."

"Down, boy," she said, leaning away from me like my outburst had surprised her. "Just take a few calming breaths and keep the beast caged, all right?" She paused, giving me the opportunity to breathe, argue, or punch a hole through the wall, I didn't know. "We've done nothing more dangerous than talking."

My eyes narrowed. "Genocides start by talking."

"Again with the drama," she mumbled into her cup.

"Dozens of Immortal lives lost warrants drama if anything does," I argued back, not sure why I was taking my anger out on Bryn. Maybe because I knew she could take it and return the favor, or maybe because I'd done everything a man could to repress this memory into the cobwebbed corner of my memory attic.

It'd started with a question, a hundred and some odd years back. What if we could phase an Immortal into a Mortal as we could a Mortal to an Immortal? I don't recall there being a reason for wanting to try, other than our egos and general worldview that we were capable of anything. The same teams that were skilled in the art of Immortal creation were called together, and the experiments commenced. There were more than enough volunteers at the start. Men and women eternity weary from the centuries-long fight, those outsiders that never took to Immortality for one reason or another, good friends who saw it as the ultimate adventure...

And ended up paying with their lives. All of them. Every last one.

"Stop looking at me like that, Patrick," Bryn scolded in a small voice.

"How's that?" I asked, shoving the pie aside and staring at her. "Like you're a potential mass murderer?"

Her face flashed red, but not the embarrassed kind, the I'm-so-pissed-I'm-going-to-kill-you-with-my-words kind.

"Don't you ever say that to me again," she said, her jaw clenched. "I've had more than enough opportunities to make myself a mass murderer and have restrained myself, even when I knew restraining my gift would mean Guardians would lose their lives." Her eyes flashed with reminders, not that I needed them to. "Nothing your father, the Council, or the whole damn Immortal world could say, do, or bribe me with could turn me into a merciless killer, you got that?" She stood taller, glaring down at me in my seat.

You would have guessed I was sitting on a stool of stinging scorpions from the way I wanted to squirm.

"Although I might make a special exception for you if you continue to point the killer finger in my direction."

I took a chug of root beer to clear my throat. "Turn the anger waves down a few stations," I said finally. "I didn't mean for that to sound the way it did, Bryn. I know what you're made of just as much as I know what you're capable of. I know you'd never intentionally hurt anyone. But there are ancient, sly Immortals who have mastered the art of deception and bending others to their ways." She huffed. "I've never been a girl who bends easily to others." I wanted to shout, "Understatement!" but refrained.

"I know, you're right," I said, caving. "I'm sorry, okay? I'm not trying to be a dick about this, but I lost a close friend to the Reversal Project and it's something I'm determined to never let happen again."

"Yeah, William mentioned you lost a fellow strength instructor," she said, laying her hand over mine. The quivering stilled instantly-a women's touch was the ultimate calming salve. "I'm sorry. I promise I won't let anything like that ever happen again."

"Yeah, yeah, I know." I exhaled. "I'll quit acting like a sensitive schmuck so you can tell me what, exactly, father and you have discussed."

Her eyes flicked to the stairs, like she wished William would make his way down them right now to save her. "Charles harbors a lot of guilt for all those lives lost," she said, ambling over to the nearly empty pot of coffee. "I mean, he's never said that, in so many words, but it's there in his face whenever we talk about the Reversal Project and what went wrong." She upended the pot, emptying the last of it into her cup.

Caffeine wasn't only an addiction for Bryn, it was a coping mechanism.

"So he regrets it, feels bad that dozens of our kind were eradicated on his watch, how cathartic," I said, reminding myself why I was a fan of these kinds of memories staying repressed. "Then why in the hell is he revisiting the topic with you, Miss Walking Death?" Bryn's face crumbled. And she was a strong girl, not the kind that was devastated because she'd chipped a nail. I was reminded, yet again, why I was an ass.

"Damn it," I cursed, running my hands through my hair. "I'm sorry. That was a crap thing to say." She waved her hand, running the other arm over her face. "It's-"

"No, it's not all right," I said, having completed enough rodeos with Bryn to know her M.O. She was hurting, but trying to keep it suppressed. "You couldn't control what gift the universe bestowed upon you, and you weren't around the horror that was the Reversal Project." She ran another arm over her eyes, turning away from me and busying herself with putting the leftovers back in the fridge. She was still hurting thanks to my latest display of insensitivity at its finest.

I didn't have a way with words like William to dig myself out of this crap hole I'd buried myself in, but I was acutely aware that, sometimes, a solid hug took the place of a million lines of poetry.

"Come here," I said, shoving out of my stool and walking over to her. "Let's hug it out." I didn't wait for a response-I just wrapped her in my arms and pulled her tight against my chest. It was intimate-as any touch was-but it didn't ignite a fire in my stomach that spread to every nerve in my body. I'd loved Bryn, no doubt about it, and I still did, but not in that way. I loved another woman in that way., I could now be close to Bryn without feeling an ache in my chest that threatened to tear me apart.

"I know you're good, nothing but good," I whispered into her dark hair. She still smelled like Bryn, but the undertone of William was there too. He clung to her everywhere she went, as it should be with the two of them. As I hoped it would be with Emma and me. "I know you wouldn't do anything to hurt anyone.

Just chin up, okay?" I leaned back, lifting her chin so I could look her in the eyes. "I know Father wouldn't do anything intentional to hurt anyone either, but he's tainted by politics and democracy. If something doesn't feel right, don't do it. Just say no."

Her mouth broke into a smile. All would be right again. "You know, my parents gave me the 'just say no' talk about ten years ago, but thanks for the refresher course."

"That was pathetic, Hayward," I said, making a face. "The entire world of comebacks at your disposal and that's what you throw at me? I'm disappointed."

"Sorry. My study of comebacks has been lacking as of late. I've been a little busy." I felt the corners of my mouth curl. "I bet you have, newlywed." My inflection wasn't missed, as the screaming red color of her face attested to.

"What have you and Mr. Chancellor been discussing about reversal?" I asked, back to the point at hand.

She lifted a shoulder, her face recomposing. "He thinks that someone like me, with the gift I have,"-

she swallowed, looking down-"I'd be more in tune to the subject's body-their life force. Better able to recognize when they were passing from Mortality to death."

I forced myself to reply, although my insides were twisting speech right out of me. "You do realize that instance, passing between Mortality and death, is a line so thin it's all but invisible, right? It's not like the transition from Immortality to Mortality, and Mortality to death, is identical. The first part takes a great deal of focus, energy, and time. The second part," I took in a breath, although I needed it for nothing more than courage, "one fraction of a second longer than necessary and you kill the subject," I repeated her words; well, my father's words. The Immortals whose deaths I'd witnessed weren't subjects; they were brothers and sisters who hadn't deserved the fate that'd befallen them.

"I know, Patrick," she said in a small voice. "I know. I'm positive I'm too new and uncertain of my gift to be able to keep from killing someone at the first touch when I'm buzzing. However, Charles thinks that, unlike the teams we use to create and, once upon an evil time, used to reverse an Immortal, one person would be able to better sense that line between Mortality and death than a group."

"Yeah, and if you kill someone, there're no other members of a team to share the blame with either," I huffed. "Come on, this is crazy talk, Bryn."

"You're right, it is," she said, giving me a look that I'd seen dozens of times from her-a drop it, Patrick face. "Besides, this is all just theory and speculation. Charles has not once mentioned putting words to action, nor would I agree to it if he did ask. So take a chill and be nice." I grinned. I liked this Bryn, the spunky, don't-mess-with-me one. "Does William know?"

"Of course he does."

"Of course I do what?" an all too familiar voice asked before he rounded the corner into the kitchen.

Taking an exaggerated look at the two of us, William said, "Nice to see you hugging my wife." I pulled back, but only because our embrace had come to an end; there was no threat in William's voice.

"I had a bout of verbal diarrhea and she was in the way," I said, clapping his shoulder in passing as I headed back to my pie. My appetite had returned now that reversal was back where it should be-in a jar with a tightly sealed lid.

"How many times will I have to tell you," he said, running the backside of his hand down Bryn's face as he stopped in front of me. "Use this,"-his index finger drilled into my temple-"before you use this," he finished, staring at my mouth.

I cracked a dry smile before shoveling a heaping forkful of pie into my mouth. "Considering you've told me that at least once a day for the past two centuries," I said, my words muffled from my mouthful,

"I'd say I'm a lost cause. I'd consider my verbal diarrhea chronic." William shoved off the counter and back from the lost cause and mouthed, "So would I," over to Bryn.

"I can read lips you know," I said, flicking a piece of crust at his bed mussed hair.

Catching the chunk of flaky pastry, he glanced back at me. His damn eyes were all but twinkling. "I know."

"Not you too," I grumbled, stabbing the pie with my fork. "I'm already a man on the verge, incarcerated and surrounded by felons that think itching, spitting, and one syllable cuss words are the height of civilization, I haven't been able to touch my girl in months despite seeing-"

"Spying," Bryn inserted, grinning like a fox.

I continued my rampage with a glare aimed her way, "despite seeing her every night, and then every night when I finally get a reprieve from prison life, I have to dodge and deflect insults from Breathes Fire and Farts Sunshine." Nathanial would have been pissed and Joseph would have laughed had they been here to hear their latest nicknames. "I don't need to be on my guard with you too, brother." William waited, his mouth sealed and arms crossed. After a few seconds of silence passed us by, he said, "Are you finished?"

"No, but I didn't think you'd want to hear anymore."

"And you'd be right," he replied, trying so hard not to smile. "It seems finding you wrapped around my wife in the middle of the night makes me a bit..."

"Of an a**hole?" I muttered, just loud enough for him to hear.

"Territorial," he said. "That's the word I was going for."

"Play nice, boys," Bryn said, interrupting our brotherly stare down. Good thing because neither William nor I were known for being the first to back down-we could be here for the rest of our existences. "Or no more pie for you," she said, tugging the plate away from me, "and no more..."-she looked at William, running her eyes down his entire six foot monster sized frame and squirmed-"no more"-she cleared her throat in explanation-"for you."

"A formidable threat, Mrs. Hayward," William replied, looking amused. "Consider me on my best behavior the rest of the night. If I don't have anything nice to say, I won't say anything at all."

"Men," Bryn said, shaking her head.

I curled my nose and looked away, sticking the fork in my mouth and gagging. Please, for the love of onlookers and third wheels' eyes everywhere, please tell me Emma and I didn't nauseate those around us like these two did.

"So what were you two talking about down here?" William asked, pulling a fork from the drawer and heading towards me and my pie. I repressed snarling my lip and guarding it from him. "What were you concerned with me knowing?"

"About the damn reversal topics father's been discussing with your wife." The rebirth of the topic resulted in loss of appetite. I shoved the half eaten pie William's way.

"They're just talking about them, Patrick," William said, in his most appeasing, calming voice.

"There's been no talk of actually carrying out a reversal. It's all theory and speculation. Nothing more."

"Hmmm," I mused, scratching my head. "I seem to remember the Holocaust starting with talking. You know what else? Those crazy e'ffers that drove the planes through the twin towers didn't get there without first talking about how they could kill as many innocent Americans as possible. You want to know who else I'd bet my Immortal life started out talking before killing?" I didn't wait for an answer. "Those British bastards that murdered our mom, sister, and Nathanial's wife, right before they turned their muskets on the five of us." I fought through the bowling ball sized lump in my throat. "Talk is every beginning, the catalyst to every horror story in mankind's history. Talk is dangerous."

"Talk is dangerous?" William repeated in his ever calm voice. "This coming from someone who never shuts up?" Now he was smirking.

"I'm dangerous," I said.

Bryn exhaled her agreement.

"You're a Hayward. Of course you are," William said, grinning. "But in case the pessimist in you fails to remember, talk has been the catalyst for good as well. It's a tool that can be used for evil just as much as it can for good."

Of course the good professor could deliver a lecture that could convince the most rigid of the cynics.

"What matters, what you should concern yourself with, is whose hands the tool is in." I snorted, crossing my arms. "Yeah, Chancellor Hayward. A very responsible and active participant in the last 'talks' before the Reversal Project ended the lives of friends we both cared for." His expression didn't change. Trying to fluster William was as impossible an endeavor as it was trying to keep me calm. "And Bryn," he said, nodding at the woman who, at one time, we'd both loved.

"And me," he added, staring at me-making sure I was taking mental notes. "And now you too." I scrubbed my hands over my face. Damn it was infuriating how much sense he made when sense was the last thing I wanted to see. But he was right. I couldn't decipher father's intentions-he was too much a the-needs-of-the-many-outweigh-the-needs-of-the-few brand of soldier-but I knew the stuff the three of us were made of.

It was the kind of stuff that believed no one's life was worth the advancement of our kind. An eternal life lost was not worth uncovering the secrets and possibilities of reversal.

"Fine, you've made your point," I grumbled, hacking into the pie again as William's fork zoomed in.

"Does it ever get old being right all the time?"

He took a bite that was all apples and ice cream, smiling through it. "Not really, no." Sighing, I clanged my fork against his when he came in for seconds. "Bugger off. Get your own dessert."

Setting his fork down, his eyes trailed across the room, falling on one blushing bride. "I intend to." I cringed, letting it shake my whole body. "I've suddenly lost my appetite." William was throwing an all but giggling and giddy Bryn over a shoulder when I bolted off my stool. I might be over Bryn, but being a fly on the wall while one's big brother was a set of stairs and one hallway away from getting it on with my former love interest was wrong on every level.

"I'm outta here," I said, knowing I'd be early, but it was late enough that, hopefully, Emma and Julia would be asleep by now. "Thanks for the dinner, Bryn."

"You liked it?" she asked, forcing her laughter to freeze frame.

"You see any leftovers?" I replied, as William man-handled her out of the kitchen.

"I made it, you know," she said, and I didn't need to see her face to know just how proud she was of herself.

I don't think I would have been more shocked if she'd just said she was preggers. "You went all Stepford on me, Bryn!" I hollered. "I didn't take trophy wife as your thing, but from those mashed potatoes, I can see I was wrong." I grinned despite William's footsteps attacking the stairs. I loved few things more than giving someone, especially someone as easily baited as Bryn, a hard time.

"Didn't your dad ever teach you not to piss off a Taker?" she hollered back, before she shrieked, followed by another giggle.

I was so out of here.

"Have fun," I muttered, partly grossed out, but mainly jealous. I wanted to be able to touch my woman like William could, was, at present, touching his. Hell, I would have been happy with one chaste kiss, but that was out of the question since I expected a full scale meltdown would ensue if Emma woke to find her boyfriend, who was supposed to be serving the last few weeks of his four month sentence, lurking in her bedroom.

Speaking of lurking in her bedroom...

God, I loved my gift. I could go from prison, to inhaling steak and apple pie at my brother and sister-in-law's, to standing in the center of a dark room, staring at the girl who could take my breath away sporting a ratty Stanford tee and a high ponytail.

I did a quick check over my shoulder to ensure the goddess of darkness wasn't brewing a potion or stabbing a voodoo doll and sighed my relief when I found Julia's bed empty. Maybe she was at her favorite cemetery, performing a seance or studying the existentialism of mankind.

Turning back towards the bed I wanted to crawl into, I took a couple steps closer, kneeling beside her. She breathed the steady rhythm and wore the face of a person who didn't fall asleep to nightmares.

But Emma had nightmares. The kind that came from the horrors of real life. The kind that knew what a girl who'd watched her dad abuse her mom and had fallen into the same trap would run away screaming from most.

Emma had always been a pro at hiding what she was really feeling deep inside. It was something she couldn't let go of even while she slept. She could be having the sweetest of dreams, but I knew she likely wasn't.

Of course I was delirious enough to hope that recent events and her recent boyfriend acquisition might be changing that.

She suddenly rolled onto her side so she was facing me. If I was gun-shy, I would have jolted, but I stayed right where I was, letting my eyes absorb as much of her face as I could. The perfect in its imperfection face I'd fallen for months ago. The only face I could ever love. I'd spend eternity alone if Emma one day woke up and decided I wasn't it for her anymore.

That scared the hell out of me, knowing some person other than myself had that kind of control over my life, but it was also kind of special. When I realized the world didn't revolve around me-when I realized I wanted to live my life making someone else happy. It was oddly freeing.

I was smiling like a damn fool, staring all dreamy eyed at a sleeping woman, but damn fool fit me pretty well.

Emma's hand was splayed over her pillow, her fingers curling just enough into the billowy fabric to give away that whatever dream or nightmare was unfolding now was intense. I ached from wanting to touch her, ached like a disease had worked its way into my bones.

Unable to fight it any longer, my hand moved towards hers, just to brush it ever so lightly, I assured myself.

Myself was not good at assuring.

I knew once my skin connected with hers, even for a heartbeat, I'd be a lost cause for skin-to-skin celibacy. I'd want to weave my fingers through hers, curl up beside her until my body ran against every inch of hers, wrapping both my arms around her until I couldn't determine where I ended and she began.

Shaking my head in an attempt to calm myself, I bit my fist too, hoping physical pain would deter me from this line of crazy thought. It was futile of course; nothing short of a team of Immortals intent on ending my eternity would be painful enough to stop me from putting idea into action.

"Patrick..."

If I wasn't gaping at her, I wouldn't have believed the word had come from her mouth. I waited for more, another word or for her to stir, but nothing came. Nothing other than a slow forming, long staying smile.

Did she know I was here?

I doubted it, because if she did, she wouldn't still be asleep. She'd throw herself on me in either a ball of excitement or a ball of terror for being in her bedroom when my bar studded room was a few dozen miles away.

So she was dreaming about me.

My smile managed to jack higher, although I knew from the levels of smug I could feel elevating, it was tilted higher on one side. My Emma was having lewd, pure, amorous, or I-didn't-care-what-else dreams of me, and I wanted to dance an Irish jig.

To be a fly on the walls of that dream world...

I heard the footsteps coming down the hall, the heavy clopping reminiscent of a Clydesdale trotting down a cobblestone road telling me it was a purple steel-toed boot-wearing culprit. Julia was going to be here soon.

Which meant I'd have to leave my smiling, dreaming of me, sleeping girl soon.

"I love you, Emma Scarlett," I whispered, going against every instinct in my body and brushing the back of my thumb down her arm.

And then I was gone, as silently and suddenly as I'd appeared.

At the end of the day, or the end of the night, a felon belonged behind bars.

CHAPTER TWO

"That hairnet looks mighty fine on you, Hayward," Mr. Rogers yelled across the kitchen at me as he slopped something of a medium gray consistency into a serving tray.

You see, when it came to jail food, everything was some shade of gray. Where the geniuses that created the menus got creative was in the consistency. We inmates were blessed with no, medium, heavy, and brick-like consistency for variety.

If the time served wasn't deterrent enough to stay out of trouble on the other side, flashbacks of the food would be enough to keep any man from stealing a subcompact again. In my Immortal, no real need to eat opinion, no food was better than god-awful food. I might have cooked the crap, but I wasn't dumb or desperate enough to eat it.

It helped I was able to gorge on a rainbow of deliciousness at one of my three sisters-in-laws' every night.

"If I wasn't positive you're lashing out only because your receding hairline no longer requires a hair net, I'd be dishing out a tongue lashing comeback right about now," I hollered back, putting my back into stirring the gray slop of a brick-like consistency-soup, is what it was called on the menu-in the metal vat deep enough to hold a man.

Mr. Rogers chuckled the creepy kind of laugh. The kind that schizophrenic mass murderers emitted throughout a horror movie. "You got yourself a woman waiting for you on the other side?" he asked at the conclusion of that spine spasming chuckle.

I was caught off guard for a moment, which didn't happen often. Mr. Rogers had been my cellmate for nearly four months, and he was about as talkative as a corpse, and-on the rare occasion he did open that mouth of his-it was about nothing personal. Sports, the weather, foods he couldn't wait to eat when he got out-that kind of thing. This was the first time he'd ever been the initiator of anything of a personal quality.

"Yeah," I answered, continuing to stir the slop so it didn't burn on the bottom. However, burnt might at least add a little flavor, so I stopped stirring. "I've got a girl on the other side."

"She pretty?" he asked, scooping what looked to be month old coleslaw into portion cups.

"Yeah," I understated, not comfortable unleashing just how beautiful she was to the likes of Mr.

Rogers. "She's pretty."

"She a good girl? Stay out of trouble? Go to school? That kind of thing?" I tried to contain my bewilderment that Mr. Rogers and I were having an honest to goodness conversation.

"Yes, yes, and yes," I said, leaning into the counter across from him. The coleslaw smelled month old too.

I took a step back.

"Then what's she doing with a son of a bitch like you?" he asked, flashing his toothy grin at me.

"That's an unsolved mystery," I said. "And I hope it stays that way." He nodded. "Hoping to marry her?"

"Hoping. Praying. Meditating. You name it, and I'm doing it." He nodded again, tossing the ice cream scooper into the vat of coleslaw. It made the second most disgusting sound I'd ever heard. The first was Nathanial's farts after he'd eaten sauerkraut. "I know the feeling."

I paused, wanting to keep the conversation rolling, but not sure how it'd go over. Mr. Rogers wasn't exactly the open book kind of guy.

In the end, I decided to go with what I did best: plow on through. "Do you have a girl waiting for you?"

Since I knew he'd already served quite a few years and had at least a few more to go, and the fact I doubted a damn golden retriever would be excited to see him, I doubted not.

"Yep," he answered, smacking his mouth.

This surprised me. So I had to continue on with the questions. "You two married?"

"Sure are."

Another, even bigger surprise. "She must live far away," I guessed.

"No, she's close," he said, staring into the mound of coleslaw. "Just a few minutes from here, actually."

"Does she ever come visit?" I continued, smelling the burn of the slop behind me. It was an improvement on what it'd smelt like before. "I don't think I've ever seen her."

"Nah, she doesn't visit," he said.

"Why not?" I asked before thinking if I should. It wasn't the friendliest of questions.

"Because she's dead," he answered, those cloudy brown eyes meeting mine. "She's buried in the cemetery just a couple miles down the road from here."

And now I wished I took my internal warning and shut the hell up a few questions ago.

"Damn. I'm sorry, man," I said, shaking my head and wandering back to my slop-slash-soup. Burnt was one thing. Charred was another.

He waved his hand. "It was a long time ago. And I've mostly gotten over it," he said, going back to portioning the coleslaw. "It helps I got my revenge."

Don't say anything. Pretend like you missed that last part. My mouth opened-nope, I wasn't going to heed my own warnings. "Your revenge?"

Pausing, Mr. Rogers stared at the wall off to the side. "My wife was raped and murdered over ten years ago."

My stomach clenched. The story, combined with the smells, was only making it worse.

"The cops took the report, gathered their evidence, but me and Annie didn't exactly live on Magnolia Lane. Our stations in life and our double wide on a half-acre of scab land wasn't exactly the kind of circumstance good, upstanding taxpayers wanted to waste their tax money on," he continued, glaring at the wall. I was half certain it was going to burst into flames if he didn't turn his gaze somewhere else.

"The cops dropped the case after giving me some dog and pony show about lack of evidence and cold cases. That was one week after Annie's murder." He slammed the scoop against the metal counter.

"So I took matters into my own hands. I hired a private investigator who was able to identify the piece of shit in a matter of days. From there, I hunted the bastard down and shot him in the back of the head when he was leaving some yuppy bar one night. Cops came, I got sentenced for murder, and here I am," he said, opening his arms. "The best damn coleslaw scooper this side of the Mississippi." I focused on the slop as I stirred. "You avenged your wife?" I said. "You took the law into your own hands?"

"Hell, yes, I did," was his immediate answer. "And I'd do it all over again." So Mr. Rogers was a vigilante. A husband who had avenged his wife. Not the psychotic mass murderer he was rumored to be.

"Good for you," I said, because I'd do the exact same thing. I wouldn't care if the police were still actively working the case with every last detective on their squad.

If I found the man who'd raped and killed my wife before they had, I would have killed him where he stood. And made it hurt.

"Hayward," he called over at me, back to scooping 'slaw.

"Yeah?"

"You love this girl, you marry her, you hear me?" he said, waving his scoop my way. "And you protect her with your life. You hold tight to her because we're living in one sick, messed up world and you never know when or who's going to try to take those we love away from us." He stopped, those cloudy eyes of his looking almost glassy. "You hear me?"

If this was what having a conversation of a personal nature with Mr. Rogers was like, I was pretty sure I wanted to stick to sports and the weather from here on out. However, the man made a lot of damn sense.

"I hear you."

"Don't you let anything happen to your girl," he said, giving one last wave of the scoop. 'Slaw flew into the air.

"I won't," I vowed.

CHAPTER THREE

"You're going down, little brother. You know that, right?" I said as Joseph and I circled each other in our arena back home. It was late, cold, and the thick cloud cover didn't allow any bit of light from the stars or the moon to break through, but I could make out every flinch of Joseph's pinky finger, every blink of his eyes.

"While you've been in prison getting soft, I've been filling in for you on your favorite ass kicking missions," Joseph replied, faking a lunge forward, trying to get me to respond. No cigar. "I've learned a thing or two."

I huffed. "You mean you've finally learned how to tie your shoes and how to remove a woman's bra?" I said, flashing him a wide smile. "I'm proud of you, little brother." He lunged again, but this time I did respond. Dodging to the side, I ducked forward, chopping the edge of my hand down hard on the space behind his knee.

He grunted, going down.

"Mercy?" I asked, brushing my knuckles over my chest.

"Not in this lifetime," he grumbled, popping back up.

"Come on. Go ride the bench for a while. I want to kick Nathanial into next week."

"What?" Joseph said, lifting his arms in the air. "You afraid the baby of the family might actually be able to hand your pride to you on a silver platter?"

The kid was determined, I had to give him that.

I went from being a few body lengths in front of him to a half foot in front of him before he could even flinch.

"Not even a little bit," I said, wrapping my arms around his head and swinging him over my back before driving him into the ground.

The trees groaned their protest around us as the earth rattled.

"No fair," Joseph said, groaning as he got up. "No gifts allowed."

"My bad, I thought we weren't playing by a set of rules. I thought the goal was to win." Joseph popped back up, not as spryly as the last round though. "You're being a real dick tonight," he said. "Is it that time of the month or something?"

Boom. And he was back down, my foot hooking under both of his and pulling them out below him before he knew I'd moved. And this time, I hadn't used teleportation.

"I'm in jail. I haven't touched, embraced, kissed, or copped a feel on my girl in months. I'm serving a sentence for a crime I didn't commit. My brothers fight like a bunch of girls. And I find out Father is going over the Reversal Project with Bryn." Extending my hand, I helped Joseph up. "So, yeah, maybe it is that time of the month."

"Your life sucks," Joseph acknowledged, patting my back after I hoisted him up. "Good luck with that."

I grumbled at him, holding back from taking him down again.

"The RP, as it was intended to work, is a necessary evil, Patrick," the big brother who I was happily going to kick into next week said. "You know that, right?"

I spun around, my eyes narrowing. "No, Nathanial. I don't know that. In fact, I'm quite positive it was the worst idea ever conceived."

Leaning into a tree, Nathanial crossed his arms, looking totally unconcerned with my lid about to blow. He was like William in that way. The only one I could get a rise out of was brother number four.

"You're tainted because you lost a friend. We all lost friends to the RP," he said. "But if it worked like it was supposed to, it would have been bloody brilliant."

A tremble ran up my spine. "And instead all it was was bloody."

"It was the perfect solution to those Immortals that never fit into the lifestyle, and those who no longer deserved it. It was an out for them, without actually having to kill them." My brows came together as I searched the sky. "I don't know, Nathanial. I seem to remember everyone dying where the RP was involved."

"In theory," he emphasized. "If no one died and we could successfully transition an Immortal to a Mortal, it would be another weapon in each Alliance's arsenal."

"It was a weapon all right," I said, glaring back down at him. How did he have such screwed up views of what had been the Immortal equivalent of genocide?

"Stop being such a girl, Patrick," he said, rolling his head back into the tree. "Father and the entire Immortal community learned their lesson. It will never happen again."

"Then why is he talking about reversal with Bryn, huh?" I said, glancing over at Joseph, who was looking between the two of us like he was trying to decide if he should run for popcorn and a soda or try to break us up. "If he's learned his lesson, why's he spending copious amounts of time talking about the ins and outs of reversal with an Immortal who is able to single-handedly kill another Immortal?" Nathanial waited to reply, either gathering together a response or waiting for me to take a step back from the ledge. "Because he needs to know if it can be done."

"Why?" I shouted. "Why does he need to know that?"

"Because if it can be done in our Alliance, it can be done in another Alliance," he replied, still a pillar of calm. "Part of his role as Chancellor is to delve into the dark realms of possibility the rest of us would prefer to stay blissfully ignorant to."

"What part of me has ever been blissfully ignorant?" I said, looking at him with a degree of disgust.

"I'm not afraid to get my hands dirty. I'm not afraid to delve deep into those dark places. And neither are either of you two for that matter."

"True," Nathanial agreed with a shrug, "but that's because we're Haywards. It runs in the blood."

"Just keep your head up and ears open, okay? I don't care who, what, or why, the RP is not making a comeback on my watch." Shoving Joseph's arm, I looked at him. "You too, little brother."

"Got it," he said, righting himself. "Head up. Ears open."

I blew out a breath, willing myself to let this go. For now. I wasn't here to get in a fight with my brothers. I was just here to fight them.

"Head up and ears open, huh?" I said, winking at Nathanial before turning to Joseph.

He grinned, tapping his temple. "I've so got that covered-you can sleep easy at night." I popped my neck from side to side. "Yeah. Well, there's a first for everything," I said before sliding a devious grin into position.

Joseph's face had just enough time to fall before I leapt in the air towards him, the butt of my left heel crashing into his chest.

Joseph hit a solid three seconds hang time in the air, flying backwards into the growth of timbers. I held the look on his face dear to my heart.

Nathanial's chuckles mixed with my full bellied laughter and Joseph's humph as he punched a meteor shaped hole into the earth.

"You've gone all soft on me while I've been behind bars," I hollered across the arena at Joseph as the aftershock from him smashing into the earth rippled away.

"And this is what you call behind bars?" Nathanial, who was now reclining over a heap of broken timbers, called out. "It must be rough." He smirked at me, where I stood flushed from the adrenaline of a good bout of fight training, sporting my standard issue designer suit, stomach stuffed with pork carnitas and dulce de leche.

"As a matter of fact," I said, ready to challenge him to the next brotherly duel, "it is rough. Sure I get to wrestle with my weakling, ugly, stinky brothers, but I haven't been able to see Emma."

"You've seen plenty of her," Nathanial said, jacking his brows to the sky, "you sick peeping Tom." Something that sounded too animal to be coming from a man growled deep in my throat.

"And who are you calling ugly?" Joseph said, wiping the dirt from his face with the back of his sleeve. He looked like he was just tumble washed with a detergent of mud and gravel.

"You," I said, giving him a half-hearted shove.

"I'm next," Nathanial said, leaping down from the tower of timbers.

Just then, a needle of panic pricked at me. It spread quickly, tearing through every vein, muscle, and nerve of my body until I was nothing but a ball of fear-induced panic. It had nothing to do with the taller, heavier, and older brother marching at me with fists at the ready either.

One word-one name-ran on a loop through my mind. One name that the panic clung too.

Emma.

Without one word of explanation, I was in her dorm room. It was empty.

The panic beat inside me like a set of drums, bringing to life a dose of adrenaline that demanded to be put to use before I exploded into a ball of energy.

Before I made a conscious decision, I was inside Stanford's library. It was Thursday night and that meant she was just finishing up with a study group. I ran down the aisles of books, glancing down each one in passing, hoping with everything I had I'd find her perusing the rows of books. I wove through bodies, earning a curious stare from everyone that I passed, the rapping of my shoes echoing through the silence.

I didn't care.

I didn't care that someone might recognize me-of course everyone and their stiff-lipped parents knew of the former Stanford student who'd gone to jail for nearly murdering the golden boy. How a guy like Ty Steele could earn the reputation as a golden boy was more proof in the overflowing file that mankind was screwed.

I certainly didn't care that the beyond senior citizen librarian was squishing her face up at me as I screeched to a stop outside the room Emma's study group met. I didn't care about anything but finding Emma.

A few lingering bodies were shuffling books and laptops into book bags, but she wasn't amongst them.

"Damn it," I cursed, slapping the wall beside me, which earned me a sharp shushing noise from Mrs.

My-Bones-Should-Be-Dust.

Spinning on my heel, I shoved through the library doors. It was dark and late, but several bodies were still gliding through the blackness. Emma had to be one of them. As I stood there, scanning the area for a familiar shape, the panic had a chance to catch up with me. It was more raw than anything I'd ever felt before, more titanic than I'd felt when my own life was threatened. It was a hair from being debilitating.

Finding no Emma shadows ghosting into the night, I made a logical guess and broke into a run in the direction of her dorm. A college student could head dozens of places late at night, after a long day of classes and studying, but Emma was nothing if not predictable when it came to her routine. I wouldn't use the word predictable to describe her in any other way though.

I was about halfway to her dorm when the hair-on-the-back-of-my-neck-rising feeling skittered up my spine. I lurched to a stop, letting my senses be my guide.

It was a sound-a grass muffled footstep-so slight it would be imperceptible to the Mortal ear, that caught my attention first. Anyone who wasn't worried about being detected didn't walk that carefully.

And then a shape came into view. A book bag slung over her shoulder, her body moved in a way I'd memorized long ago. Seeing her, awake and not behind a wall of glass with a prison phone pressed to her ear, smiling at something, froze me in place. Just long enough to get a taste of sweetness before another muffled footstep caught my attention. The panic overtook my moment of sweetness like a typhoon.

Even if she looked my way, Emma couldn't see me. A mist blurred me into nonexistence, and enough space separated us to make me hard to make out even without the fog cover.

However, if she took a vacation from the thoughts bringing that euphoric smile to the surface and glanced over her shoulder like any woman walking on her own at night should every other stride, she would see the figures closing in behind her.

Emma was being followed.

No, she was being stalked.

I reacted an instant before the shadow a stride behind her did.

I charged ahead, with as much silence as speed, knowing I'd get to him before he got to her. I tackled him, sending the two of us cartwheeling one over the other in the opposite direction of Emma. I didn't let out so much as a sharp breath, nor did the behemoth sized man I was mowing the Stanford lawn with, although there wasn't enough rationality left for me to be grateful for our quiet so Emma could continue on her oblivious way.

Rational was the last thing I felt when I pinned Gigantor to the ground and introduced his beefy face to the business end of my fist. I didn't stop to ask questions, I didn't pause to wonder if he and his pal's intentions had been anything but dishonorable, I just took out a boyfriend's right on creeper-in-the-night's cheek bone.

I was about to land my third hit when Gigantor numero deux rammed into me from the side. I flew across the lawn, my ass punching a crater into the ground when I landed.

I didn't need to survey the eyes; the fact I was just tossed like a Frisbee across the courtyard was all the evidence I needed to conclude I wasn't dealing with a couple of anything-but-savvy intentioned Mortals.

So why, in all the world's insanity, was Emma being stalked at night by two mutant sized Immortals?

I needed the answers as much as I didn't want to arrive at them, but this was all beside the point anyways because the behemoth twins were marching my way with slanted smiles and gleaming eyes.

My eyes trailed Emma's direction, and relief flooded me for the shortest moment when I found her continuing on her way, totally unaware of the Immortal mono-e-duo taking place a few hundred yards behind her.

Emma was safe and oblivious. Number one priority accounted for.

And now, it was time to kick some ass.

Popping up, I wagged my eyebrows at the advancing duo, tempting them forward. Sure, they might have me outnumbered, outweighed, and taken by surprise, but what I lacked in sheer size, I more than made up for in skill and experience.

And ego-that couldn't hurt my chances, either.

They sized me up with their gazes before looking at each other and smiling. Their lack of even trying to pretend they weren't certain they could bend me over their knees and spank me was insulting and only added fuel to the fire that wasn't lacking for any.

Their smiles vanished right before they charged me, the heft of their footsteps vibrating the soft ground beneath me. It was like experiencing an Immortal version of the running of the bulls, although this guy wasn't going to run in the opposite direction of a pair of horns and flaring nostrils. This was the guy that turned bulls into dinner steaks.

It was over quicker than even I thought it would be. I usually liked to drag out a fight because I found myself in them so infrequently these days, but whether it was the built up adrenaline in my veins or whether these guys had a rock for a strength instructor was a question that would have to remain unanswered. A sweep of my leg to the right, a drive of a flat palm to my left, and two giants tumbled to the ground.

I spun around, everything at the ready for their retaliation, but none came. The two giants were still sprawled on the ground, looking from me to one another like they'd just encountered the Budda of kick ass.

And they weren't far off.

These two were newbies, evident from their inexperience fighting, their sensitivity to the single moves I'd landed on each of them, and from the fear in their eyes. I remembered the first time I'd experienced real fear in my Immortality, just as these two were now.

It was when Hector had knocked me to the ground and held me there with his thumb, glaring at me the way I was at these two now. A newbie Immortal doesn't realize just how fragile we are until moments like these. The moment something knocks us down from our eternal pillars.

Someone who's been around the Immortal block a decade or two doesn't let fear manifest in their eyes. It's there, running through the very core of us, but we learn Immortality is a state of mind, not a guarantee.

I kneeled between the two, slapping both their cheeks to get their attention as if I wasn't sure I had it already. Grinning manically between them, I pulled on their neckties, lifting their heads from the ground.

"Why are you here?" I hissed, grinding my jaw.

I waited, although neither looked anywhere close to answering me.

"Who sent you?"

I didn't wait as long for their reply to this one. I knew these two would take some impressive interrogation to pull answers from. Impressive interrogation was old hat for me, but required time and focus.

I had neither right now. My thoughts were first and foremost on Emma. I had brothers who could carry out interrogation after these punks spent a little time behind bars. Hopefully not in the same prison as me or else I'd murder them if I saw them again. And then four months would become a life sentence, which would really suck for someone with my "life sentence."

"If I ever hear, catch, or sense either of you two anywhere within one state of her again," I stared each one of them in the eye for a good two seconds to let the threat and tone of my voice wedge its way into their less-than-bright minds, "I will rip each of your balls off and shove them down your throat." Both their faces curled with the image. Words were a powerful tool when wielded in just the right way.

"Sayonara, suckers," I said before whipping their ties in the opposite direction of their owners, succeeding in an exemplary, unconscious-inducing bout of noggin' bonkin'.

They were out. And probably still would be when the cops arrived after a certain someone placed an anonymous call that a couple hooligans were preying on unsuspecting female students. I knew the Mortal judicial system couldn't hold them, but it would buy me time.

Time to figure out what the hell a couple of newbie Immortals could possibly want with Emma. And while I didn't consider myself someone who readily stereotyped, these two were a couple of Inheritors if I'd ever seen some. A million and a half thoughts, conclusions, and guesses started running rampant in my head, but I stifled them all.

First things first, I needed to make sure Emma had made it safely back to her dorm and a third thug wasn't laying in wait for her. That thought got me moving, fast. Maybe a little too fast, because just as I rounded the corner of her dorm, I barely had time to come to a screeching halt before I ran at blurring speed into someone.

A certain someone I really didn't need to see me right now. And a certain someone who I was really glad did see me right now when her eyes amplified at the same time a smile burst like a stick of dyn**ite.

But once her senses caught up with her, that smile faded, and something else replaced the exhilaration that had just lit up her face. Something distinctive, something important-so, of course, I had no clue what it was.

I wanted to wrap every last inch of my arms around her, I wanted to whisper a trio of words into her ear over and over again, I wanted to kiss her senseless, I wanted to toss her over my shoulders and get the hell out of here until I found the closest vacant island to claim for our own. I wanted it all so badly I was an aching ball of damn emotion.

So I went with, "You need to get back to your dorm."

She took a step back, like now she was certain I wasn't just a mirage.

She didn't move any more than that one step though.

"Now," I whispered.

Her eyes trailed down, for a moment or for an hour, I didn't know. I didn't stay long enough to find out.

It was the most painful teleportation I'd made to date. The only one that made me wish I'd never been given such a gift.

"What dumbass Scarlett brother was on Emma duty tonight?" I shouted an instant later, driving my palm into the living room wall of Joseph and Cora's place.

Joseph shrugged, unphased. My sudden outbursts, just like my appearances, were something that could be depended on like the rising and setting of the sun. "Austin," he answered, inspecting and cleaning the items in his doctor bag. "What's got your boxers in a twist?" Smoke could have just billowed from my nostrils. When I'd assigned, without a loophole to veto, Joseph to scheduling Emma's four brothers to ensure one of them was with her round the clock, I'd expected him to take his duty as seriously as he would if it was Cora's life that depended on it.

"What's got my boxers in a twist, brother," I spat back, giving him every degree of a terse look I could muster, "is Emma was about to become victim to whatever the hell two Immortals on steroids wanted to do with her tonight." Not that any one Scarlett brother, or all four combined, could have taken on two Immortals, but that was beside the point.

The stethoscope in Joseph's hands fell into the bag with a thud.

"Had I not been there to show them messing with another man's woman comes with a meet and greet with the death penalty, I don't even want to imagine what could have happened." I rammed my palm into the wall again, just hard enough it would feel cathartic without punching a hole in the drywall.

"Who were they?" Joseph asked, setting the black bag aside.

"Other than Inheritors, I don't know," I said, trying to add, subtract, multiply, and divide the possible reasons a couple of dudes on the evil side of Immortality would be following Emma. My equations didn't wield any answers.

"How do you know they were Inheritors?"

Joseph and his giving the other guy the benefit of the doubt, innocent until proven guilty mumbo-jumbo was not going to fly with my mood tonight.

"Because I know," I enunciated, giving him a don't-challenge-me look.

He was familiar with that look and went with it.

"I'll round up a few guys and have them do a little recon work. See if they can catch a whiff of who these guys are, where they're from, and what they want with Emma." He was already sliding his phone from his pants pocket when I interrupted.

"No, I don't want some guys on this," I said, hitching my hands on my hips. "I need my brothers on this. I trust you all implicitly-everyone else not so much. I need you guys on this. The three of you are the only ones I can be certain of who possess the hacks and damn Hayward determination to get it done." I knew I was asking a big favor, asking not one, but three of my brothers to put their lives, stations, and plans on hold to get to the bottom of this, but since I was locationally impaired and had a bit of a trust issue when it came to anyone other than a tight circle, I needed them. And I would have done it for them without a single question or thought. I had done the same for them before.

"You got it," Joseph said, not missing a beat. "We'll get it done." Everything inside me exhaled. "I know you will, brother," I said, feeling everything else loosening with my shoulders. "And I know you're not babysitters, but since Emma's shit-for-brains brothers are incompetent, as evidenced tonight, I need you guys to work on rotating shifts. Again, I'm not comfortable trusting the safety of my girl to anyone else but my brothers." It seemed I couldn't trust her safety to her own brothers either. "Will you do it?"

"Done," Joseph said, rising. "Since we don't have this great nightly prison escape gift of teleportation and actually have to use a means of transportation that requires hours and not seconds"-the little punk was smirking at me-"we'll each take seventy-two hour shifts. Since I'm the lucky one you happened upon tonight, I'll take the first shift."

He shouldered past me, smiling, as he pulled a backpack from the coat closet.

We all had the same thing, in varying colors and sizes of luggage, in our own houses. We called them our 911 packs, and they got more use than the luggage we used for RandR. Our existences, and career fields, meant emergencies were the norm, and we packed accordingly.

"I'll hoof it over to William's and see if he can jet me down to Stanford, and then I promise, I won't take my eyes off of Emma once I'm there," he said, sliding both arms through his backpack.

"Lucky bastard," I muttered, jealous he was watching over her because I couldn't.

"Green isn't really your color, Patrick." He shot me an obnoxious grin as he started up the stairs.

"Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go explain to my woman why I have to spend the next three days with yours."

"Joseph," I called out as he climbed the last step. He tilted his head back. "Thanks. I owe you one."

"No, you don't," he said, looking at me. "You've watched over Cora, Abby, and Bryn more times than any of us can count. It's nice to be able to return the favor." Flicking me a wink, he loped down the hall towards his sleeping wife while I teleported west a few states to a sleeping cell mate named Mr. Rogers.

CHAPTER FOUR

If anxiety was a lethal disease, it would have killed me by now.

It took every rope of restraint and wrap of willpower to keep me from teleporting to Emma, to make sure she was safe, Joseph had made it there, and a new bunch of Inheritors weren't tailing her.

Disappearing in the cover of darkness and sleeping inmates was one thing; vanishing into thin air sliding my tray along the chow line at breakfast was something entirely different.

So my better judgment had a hell of a day beating my anxiety into submission. It was winning the war by a margin so narrow it was next to nonexistent. Of course, modern day essentials like email, texting, or even a damn phone call were a rare luxury when you stood on the other side of the judicial line in an orange jumpsuit, so there was no way for me to know with absolute certainty Joseph had everything I'd entrusted to him under control.

So I waited.

And waited some more.

By the time afternoon arrived, I was convinced I was five minutes away from combusting from the nerves, so I worked to outlet some of the worry into a rip-roaring set of bench press. I was busting out my fifth set, not even close to winded as I racked four hundred pounds, when a shout blasted my way.

"Hayward!" The prison guard who seemed to hate me just out of principle that I was better looking than him motioned at me. "You've got a visitor."

I sprung off that bench like it was a vat of hot lava, untying the arms of my jumpsuit at my waist and sliding it back over my arms. The nerves wilted down; someone was here to give me an update. I didn't care which brother it was, even if it was stick in the mud Nathanial, I was going to kiss them square on the face next time I saw them when a pane of glass wasn't separating us.

I was all but skipping down the hallway while the grim faced guard followed along behind when I felt it. The shock that originated at the core of me and zapped down every last nerve I owned.

I felt her.

A burst of excitement was dampened by an internal, oh, crap.

Emma came every Saturday during visitor hours, exchanging flirty, longing, desperate, and-when it came time to say goodbye-sad looks and words. I lived for those ten minutes every Saturday afternoon.

For those few minutes when she was aware I was near her and able respond when I told her I loved her.

However, given today was a school day and technically a no visitors allowed day, and given what had happened and what or who she'd seen last night when he should have been locked up miles away, I knew exactly the reason for today's impromptu visit.

Even at that-knowing I'd be dodging impossible questions and inadequate answers-I was looking forward to seeing her. My stride lengthened until I found myself staring at the prettiest face I'd seen in two hundred years of looking. Nothing but five feet and a plate of glass separating us.

Something in my DNA made it incapable for me to exude anything that resembled shyness, but right now, as her eyes took me in with a mixture of wonder and confusion, my smile felt kind of shy.

I slid into my seat and picked up the phone, automatically pressing my hand against the glass like I could let myself puncture through it and feel her warmth instead of its chill.

"Hey, Em," I said, feeling that ache in my gut balloon. You would have thought having her closer would deflate it, but it somehow only made it larger.

"Hi, Patrick." She was looking at me, but not in that way I'd grown used to. The I-want-you-here-and-now-and-forever look.

I cleared my throat. "Not that I really care since I get a few unexpected minutes with you, but how did you manage to coerce the Gestapo into letting you in during non-visiting hours?" She wiped the smile, shy and all, right off my face with the look she leveled at me. "Oh, I don't know," she said, tapping her fingers over the tabletop. "How about I'll enlighten you if you enlighten me?"

This could have been one of those instances where I played dumb. I was, after all, a pro at it, but something about Emma's I'm-a-woman-on-the-verge look assured me this wouldn't fly.

A response required another clearing of the throat.

Holding up her hand as I prepared to explain in the most informatively vague way I could, she said,

"Before you try to appease me with a pack of white lies, let me stop you." Stop me she did. Just from the way she was holding me with those green eyes would have shut me up had her words not been up to the task.

"I know there's something different about you. Something that isn't like the rest of us. Something that isn't like anyone I've ever known."

I had to bite back the dozen automatic responses that came with this segue. Inserting a list of adjectives that included charming, sexy, fiercely enigmatic, so on and so forth, would have done nothing more than put me out of the game.

"I've known this for a long time, but chose to overlook it." She blew out a slow stream of air, looking as lost as I felt. "But after last night"-her eyes drilled through me, screwing me to the wall behind me-"I can't overlook it anymore."

Here it was: the question. The one I'd never heard before because I'd never allowed myself to get close enough to beings of the other existence to ask-the question I'd only heard told around campfires.

The question that could end it all.

"What are you, Patrick?"

She was close to tears; the resolution set in her jaw and determination drawn through her brows couldn't mask them. Above everything else at this moment, I wanted to comfort her. I needed to pull her to me and keep her there until she'd been sucked dry of every last tear ready to fall from her eyes right now.

She stared at me, waiting for an answer. I knew without an ultimatum that silence was the only thing I'd get from her if I didn't answer her question to her satisfaction.

I sighed, resolved that nothing would be the same between us again. For better or for worse, the innocence I'd wanted Emma to retain from my world was going up in flames. But somehow, I'd always known this day would come. And the increasingly unselfish pieces of me wanted it to, knowing I couldn't keep something like my existence and the Rubix cube of shit that came with it from her.

I wasn't an expert when it came to loving a woman, but I knew transparency and honesty were kind of critical to keep the relationship going.

"Do you have any plans this weekend?" I asked finally.

"Are you really just going to ignore the question I asked you?" she said, her shoulders sagging.

"Don't you think I deserve the truth? I love you, Patrick," she emphasized, pleading at me with her eyes.

"Nothing will change that."

"Baby, of course you deserve the truth," I said. "And that's just what I plan to give you, but I can't this instant for obvious reasons." I eyed the obvious reasons yawning, scratching, and picking themselves staggered around the room. "Do you have plans this weekend?"

"No." She sighed. "No plans this weekend, unless you count getting some serious answers from you." The slightest smile was lightening her expression.

And just like that, the worst was over. One of the million reasons I loved Emma was her ability to swim the opposite direction of the rest of her gender. She could get over something and move on faster than I could teleport into the next room.

"Answers I have," I said, curling my fingers into the glass when her hand formed outside of mine.

"And answers you'll have soon."

Staring at me like I was an enigma, she chewed on her lip. "Okay, I'm just going to go with this. I'm not going to get hung up on the fact you're in jail, or that none of your vagueness is making sense, or that I almost ran face first into someone that could be your twin last night." Inhaling, she closed her eyes. "I'm going to trust you. Just like I have from the beginning." And then her eyes opened, dead into mine. "Don't let me down."

"I won't," I vowed. It was an easy one to make-nothing was more important to me than never letting her down. It was my life's mission.

"You remember my little brother, Joseph?" I asked rhetorically. No one ever forgot Joseph once they met him. Whether it was the smile, the infectious boyish charm, or the fact he was a damn Greek god incarnate, he was something of a memorable man. "The obnoxious, snarky runt of the family that smiles like a damn fool everywhere he goes?"

She nodded her head, still worrying over her lip, which made it difficult to concentrate. The attention she gave to her lip made me want to give it the same attention.

"He'll come pick you up tomorrow morning and take you back to Hayward headquarters-" I said, not sure if I should divulge he was already tailing her without her knowledge.

"In Montana?" she interrupted, one notch south of a shriek.

One of the guards in the middle of a yawn zeroed in on us, but not for long as a couple of lovers in a mini bout couldn't hold a candle to whatever was bothering him up his right nostril.

I nodded once, hoping somewhere in my eyes, expression, or soul she found the reassurance she needed. "Trust me."

"Remind me to be anti-trust in my next life, will you?" she said, curling her fingers against the glass.

Save for a half inch of melted sand, we would have been entwined. "So, Montana. Tomorrow. Answers." Shaking her head, she grinned at me. "Sounds like it will be a hell of a weekend." I grinned the one she loved most. Well, all the girls loved most. "Guaranteed, baby." One day. Twenty four hours. Fourteen and forty hundred minutes.

I'd lived two centuries plus worth of days, but after living this past one, I'd come up with a new name for them.

Hell.

I'd never wanted a day to pass so quickly before. Just as much, I never wanted a day to pass so slowly. I was such a wreck on Saturday I accidentally substituted salt for sugar in the vanilla sheet cake and been the catalyst for a very near full-on inmate rebellion. I learned my first week that you can't mess with one of the few luxuries left in a man's life.

And to top the day from hell off, Mr. Rogers took his sweet time falling asleep. Every night before, I swear every last one, he was off to dreamland about two point five seconds after laying down. Tonight, when I knew my girlfriend was waiting for me-for the first time in months, I'd be able to really touch her

-a half hour wasted away before his breathing evened out.

I didn't waste one more impatient second.

I was pulling on the first suit I put my hands on in my closet before you could say eager. I heard the chorus of familiar voices a floor below, and my heart sped up, moving faster than my hands-I couldn't change fast enough.

Her voice wasn't mixed in with the rest, but I knew she was here. It was like another piece of me was one floor down.

I was in such a hurry, I buttoned my shirt up wrong and had to start again. This time, I made sure I was getting the right button in the right hole. I was a ball of nerves, the good ones that derived from excitement and the bad ones too. The ones that derived from apprehension and fear.

I had no idea how informed I'd find Emma. I would walk down those stairs, towards her, having no shadow of a clue how much she knew of the not-so-finite me. I knew my family would handle this situation delicately and try to leave the Q and A session to me, but I didn't underestimate the persuasive qualities of the woman I loved. She'd been with Joseph-the man couldn't keep a secret if you sewed his mouth shut-since this morning. Trapped in the confines of a car on the way to the airport, trapped in first class, then trapped on the ride from the airport to home.

I'd be lucky if she didn't already know every last damn secret of Immortality and didn't burst through the back door running away from me forever when she saw me. Then again, maybe Joseph bit into his tongue and went against everything in him and kept his mouth shut. Maybe she knew nothing and was waiting for me to spill it.

Stepping out of the closet, I realized how screwed I was.

I was walking into a situation I had little to no knowledge of, a situation I had next to no control over. The odds for coming out of this one unscathed weren't good, but nothing I could do would change the odds in my favor, and I was in far too deep to walk away. This was Emma we were talking about; walking away had never been an option.

I closed my eyes at the top of the staircase and imagined breathing calm in and uncertainty out. I tried one more time-bring in the good, let out the bad-when I came to the conclusion meditation wasn't for me. I was an action man; the only way to calm my nerves was to confront the source of my anxiety face to face.

Gliding silently down the stairs, I picked out her laughter from the mix. It was tight and a tad clipped, but the fact she was still laughing was a good sign. She either knew nothing about the f'ed up world that is Immortality or was copacetic with whatever tidbits she'd gleaned. Knowing what I did of prior instances of Mortals finding out about the other side, I presumed my first conclusion was more correct than my second.

I let my footsteps emit some noise as I walked to the kitchen, just enough so the Immortal sets of ears would know I was coming. The room was silent save for Joseph's dimming laughter when I made my appearance.

All eyes shifted my way, although hers took a while.

She knew I was here, straddling the doorway like it was a line I needed to be invited over. She was just as aware of me on a subconscious level as I was of her, but she looked like I had at the top of the stairs.

Focusing on getting her emotions in check before she faced the storm.

The stares of my family went from me to her, then repeated. Their expressions were a mix of reassuring, supportive, and in William's case, empathetic.

A lifetime passed before she looked at me, and when she did, my knees gave out a little from the emotion in her eyes. It wasn't anger, and it wasn't fear she was regarding me with; it was much worse.

It was like she was looking at a stranger.

She knew. More than I wanted, but knowing my tight lipped family, still not enough.

I fought every instinct dying to break loose and didn't cross the space between us in a rush and fold her into my arms so as to remind her who I was and not what I was.

I was Patrick Hayward, a broken man with a lot of bravado, a man who'd lived two centuries without realizing I wasted them until I met her, a man who loved a woman more than was healthy for both his sanity and well-being. A man who wanted this woman forever, in the Mortal or Immortal sense, whatever way he could have her. A man who now, staring at her face, was no longer certain he'd have tomorrow to look forward to with her.

"Em," I said, like a question, an answer, a plea, a promise. Everything was crammed into that one syllable because there was nothing else to say at this moment.

Her response was immediately backing away from me before she turned and ran out the back door like the devil was chasing her. The screen door hadn't had a chance to screech closed before I was halfway across the kitchen, weaving and shouldering past the herd of stone-faced Haywards.

"How much did you tell her?" I asked through a clenched jaw, not pausing for an answer because everything I needed right now was running away from this room.

However, I got an answer.

"Not enough," Joseph called after me.

I laughed a one-noted dark one. "Since my girlfriend is presently running away from me like I'm a bonafied monster, reason would give way to the conclusion you told her way too damn much." The screen door slammed shut behind me as I caught a glimpse of her disappearing into the night.

Knowing who she was and who I was-her innocence juxtaposed to my worldliness-I felt like the angel I'd fallen for had finally seen me for the demon I was.

CHAPTER FIVE

I guessed she needed space. I assumed she needed time to sort things out.

But I knew she loved me.

And I loved her.

At the core of it all, that was our bond. And it wasn't the kind of bond that didn't stand the test of trials and time.

So that's why I went to her about five hot seconds after she'd fled in the other direction. She'd have more than enough time to over, under, and around analyze the hell out of my-and now, her-situation. I wasn't going to let tonight go by without her in arm's reach, preferably in them. I had tonight to ensure we still had a tomorrow.

A prayer so primal it was silent was on my lips.

She was heading in the direction of the lake, and I just let her keep going, staying close, but giving her space. An angel wouldn't have looked as ethereal as she did weaving through the fields.

Finally, after a couple of miles, the lake came into view and Emma stopped, staring at it like it wasn't real. I gave her a few more minutes before closing the space between us, making enough rustling so she knew I was coming.

She didn't turn as I approached, she didn't even look over at me through the corners of her eyes when I stopped next to her. The agony was so intense it felt like a colony of fire ants had taken up residence in my gut.

I gave her this. The silence she needed. I didn't twitch a muscle, I didn't blink, I didn't breathe. We just stood beside one another, staring at the still, black lake. And it felt like two minutes of this would kill me.

Then, when I was more than half certain she's done with me and my complicated existence, she crushed against me, her arms winding tight around my neck. Mine reciprocated, pulling her harder against me. Every muscle in my body breathed in relief; everything felt right in the world again.

"I love you," she said, her words muffled against my chest.

And that's when I knew it. When I knew she has the whole unconditional thing that I have. If a person can know what they know of me and still profess love, that's unconditional in its rarest form.

"I love you," I replied, holding her to me for the first time in four months. Four long months. "Damn, this feels good," I said, burying my face in her hair.

She laughed. "My boyfriend is so romantic."

So she still loved me and still considered me her boyfriend, after whatever little or however much she was told about my mortal handicap. We were going to be all right.

"So," I began, "you're good?"

When her eyes flicked up to mine, I knew she'd read in between the lines. "Absolutely not," she said, looking aghast, or at least trying to. "I just had to do that before we breech the next topic."

"Yeah," I exhaled. "I didn't think this would be that easy." Hoped, sure, but what girl in their mostly right brain could hear the word Immortal and her boyfriend's name in the same sentence and not have some serious questions?

Backing out of my embrace, she looked at me with something in her eyes I'd never seen directed at me before. Uncertainty and even a bit of fear. I hated that she would have any reason to fear me, but I also understood why.

"It's not like you're dropping something like, Hey, would you like to move in together? or I used to wet the bed until I was ten, or I got suspended when I was in junior high for smoking pot in the boy's locker room. " She paused, swallowing, unable to get the word out. "This is...you're a..." She paused again, taking a seat in the sand. The word was so heavy she couldn't stand and say it. "You're a..." I couldn't take her struggling to get the word out anymore. "Immortal?" Looking at me from the corners of her eyes, she nodded.

"You can say it, you know?" I said, taking a seat beside her. "I swear it won't bite." She studied me, like she was trying to ascertain I was still the same guy she met on a sunny day in a grassy courtyard. "Immortal," she whispered, drawing in a breath. Pulling her sweater tighter around herself, she stared at the partially frozen lake.

"It's perfectly fine for you to be totally freaked out right now," I said, trying to convince myself as well.

"Oh, yeah? How do you know?" she asked, arching a brow at me. "Dropped this bomb on more than one..." she choked on another word, "Mortal girl before?"

"No. You're the first."

The corners of her mouth curved up ever so slightly. "I guess I should feel privileged, but you're right. I'm pretty freaked."

I sighed. The last thing I wanted to do was complicate Emma's life more than it already was. "Em, I don't know how to navigate through this, I don't have a road map, so let's figure it out together," I said, clearing my throat. "That is, if you're up for figuring it out with me." The thought of losing her crippled me. I'd rather die a hundred deaths a hundred different ways than spend my existence without her.

Love was powerful stuff.

Her hand curved around my cheek, its warmth seeping deep inside. "I'm not going anywhere. No matter what you say, or do, or are," she said, her words strong, almost petulant. "Got that?" And then, before I even knew I was going to, I knotted my fingers through her hair and drew her to me. Our mouths came together, and right then, Armageddon could have raged around us and I wouldn't notice. Emma was my religion, and kissing her was my form of prayer.

Her hand molded to my chest as she scooted closer, her lips unyielding. All I could think about was laying her down and shedding our clothes and inhibitions in one fell swoop, alerting me I needed to back off before I crossed the point of no return. I might be ready for it, but I wasn't sure Emma was and I wasn't going to risk what I had with her for anything.

Moving her head back, I pressed one lingering kiss onto her mouth.

Her eyes were wide and her breathing heavy. And I was the one responsible for that. I loved knowing that.

"I thought you said you didn't have a roadmap," she said as her breathing slowed.

"I don't," I said, scooting farther away, hoping space would squash my urge to kiss her again and, this time, not stop until the sun rose. Wasn't really working.

"Please," she said, flashing me a look. "That kiss was an attempt to weaken my resolve and put me into a stupor so I'd forget all my questions and apprehensions and go along with this whole..."-she bit her cheek, surveying me-"Immortal thing without doing my due diligence of at least trying to make it difficult on you."

The kiss had loosened her up. It only took her two seconds to get the "I" word out this time, not five.

"Making things difficult isn't a requirement," I pointed out, to which she replied with an unconvinced expression. "Yeah, probably the given, but not the requirement," I added to appease her. "You can ask William about the time he told the woman he loved-who happens to be his wife now-about Immortality when she-"

"Bryn, you mean," she interrupted. It should make me more nervous than it did, having the first and second loves of my life on a first name basis with each other.

"That was William's wife's name the last time I checked," I said, hoping she couldn't see right through me.

"And when was the last time you checked?" she asked, looking at me in a way that confirmed she saw right through me.

However, I wasn't going to answer that.

"So you gals have met," I said, keeping my voice unemotional. "Swapped Hayward brother stories yet?"

Why did I sound defensive?

"Not really," she said, looking at me like my discomfort was amusing. "But she's the one that was brave enough to give me some answers tonight when everyone else pretended they'd lost their voices."

"Wait." Serious case of whiplash. "Bryn was the one that told you about all this?" Would be the last person I suspected.

"I wouldn't say all, but some," she answered, drawing a finger in the sand. "A lot. Enough to get me through so I didn't go insane waiting."

Now it was my turn to choke up. There was something wrong, and right, and cathartic about having the first woman I'd loved explain all the dark secrets of my world in a way that hadn't made the woman I was going to spend the rest of my life loving want to run away from me forever.

"What else did you BFFs talk about?" I asked, working the ball out of my throat.

"You."

"Now there's a recipe for never ending conversation." I really needed a bottle of root beer to handle this conversation.

"Never ending, indeed," she said, tucking her knees under her chin.

"Anything you found particularly interesting?" I asked, guessing from the blank face she was forcing that plenty of it was interesting.

"Not particularly, nosy," she said, smiling to herself. "However she did mention this one time she got you to wear these daisy dukes and clogs or something when you all were in Germany." She bit her cheek to keep from laughing.

"Yeah, I don't talk about that," I said, cringing. "And there's no physical evidence, so it's her word against mine." I burned that damn outfit in the slash pile out back the minute I got back.

"I'm sure you looked very dashing," she said, now choking on her laughter.

"Not funny, Em," I said, hooking my arm around her neck and pulling her to me. "Anything else you girls chatted about?" I asked, clearing my throat.

"Not really," she said, staring out at the water. "Unless you count her telling me what a good man you are and how you'd do anything for the ones you love, and second to William and her father, you're the best man she's ever known." She grinned over at me, looking so damn beautiful. "Just that kind of stuff." Next time I saw Bryn, I was going to give her one hell of a bear hug and buy her some new-fangled espresso machine because whatever she'd said, whatever path she paved for me, had worked. Emma was sitting next to me, smiling at me like she used to, acting mostly unconcerned about the whole Immortal thing.

"I'm glad that girl finally admitted I'm a pretty good guy," I said lightly. "I've only saved her life a few million times."

I returned her smile, brushing the coppery auburn hair over her shoulder. Her stare stayed on me, those green eyes seeing everything. I felt nak*d, and not in the way I wanted to be.

"It's her, isn't it?"

I tried to act like I hadn't just been punched in the gut.

"What's her?" I said, about an octave too high.

"The girl who broke your heart. The girl you loved," she said softly, her eyes holding no hint of jealousy or insecurity. Just wonder.

Honesty, Patrick. Honesty. It didn't seem right that I had to remind myself to be honest with Emma.

I blew out a slow breath. "Yeah," I said. "It was Bryn."

Emma nodded once. "I thought so."

"Why?"

Her mouth slid to the side, contemplating. "It's the way she talked about you, and the way you talk about her, too," she began, chewing on her lip. "There's just enough guilt in her eyes when she talks about you, enough sadness to give her away. And you." She looked over at me, studying me again. "It's the way you try to understate anything Bryn related, like you're trying to mask your feelings for her." I made a face.

"No, love," she said, grabbing my arm. "You don't understate anything, least of all women, so when you do, I take notice."

"Damn," I said under my breath, "so much for playing it cool, huh?" This woman saw through all my crap, most especially the crap I really didn't want her to see through. It made for some awkward moments, but it was also kind of freeing.

"It's all right," she said, squeezing my arm. "We all have pasts. Histories." Her voice trailed off, her eyes following it. "At least the person you chose to love was a good person. Someone who deserved to be loved."

I didn't need another reason to hate Ty Steele, but the sadness that clouded Emma's eyes was reason number infinity and one.

"Em," I began.

"Save it, Patrick," she said. "You picked the right person to love when I picked the wrong person.

The point is it's a good thing neither one of the people we loved worked out."

"That's the point indeed." I kissed her forehead. "Now can we not talk about Bryn any more tonight?" I was glad this conversation was off the books, but I was more than ready to shelf it. "In fact, can we not talk any more at all tonight?" I asked, wagging my brows.

She shoved me playfully. "Given what I recently learned about you and that you were in love with a goddess of a woman who is married to your older brother, I'd say you better buckle up and deal with a night of chit chat."

Yeah, figures.

"Okay, I'm buckled up," I said. "And Bryn is just a woman. My brother's woman who never was, would be, or will be my any kind of woman, so don't put her up on some pedestal."

"No, she's great," Emma said. "If you loved someone like her, I must be pretty great too." She said it quietly, like she wasn't quite certain about the whole thing.

"Your lack of self-confidence is still astounding, Em," I said, holding her to me. I wished I didn't know why her self-esteem was wavering a little above zero, but I did.

"I'm working on it," she replied, playing with the hem of her dress.

It was one of those moments, one of the many we'd be faced with in the future, where I was a ball of emotions, not sure if I wanted to cry or punch a hole in something. "Well, you are amazing," I said, taking a breath. "And I know you don't believe it, but I know it and I'm a superb judge of character." She smiled. "You should be," she said. "You've only been around since the 1700s."

"Man," I said through a cringe, "you even know my age. Did Blabber Mouth Bryn tell you everything?" In a way, I hoped she had because if Emma was still here, able to profess love to me knowing everything there was to know, we were going to make it.

"Not everything, but the basics, I guess," she said. "I have some questions I only want answered by you."

"Well, here I am, all yours for the questioning," I said, hooking an arm around her, "until rise and shine at cell nine-three-two in seven hours."

I could see the flood of questions waiting to rush from her, but something blocked them.

"Come on. Any question you have and any answer I give won't change the way I feel about you and hopefully the way you feel about me, right?"

She nodded and then rolled her shoulders back. "So you can teleport?" The term was like foreign word on her tongue. She couldn't quite say it right or with confidence.

"Yes," I answered, wondering if I should give her a personal demonstration, but decided against that. Talking about teleportation in theory was surely easier to swallow than giving a live demonstration.

"And that's how you were at Stanford that night?"

I nodded once, working a muscle in my jaw. The memory made me tense.

"And someone was following me?"

I didn't want to confess that something supernatural and evil was stalking Emma that night, but I couldn't lie to her about it either. "Yes," I answered, looking her in the eye.

There was one moment where fear flashed into her eyes, and then it was gone. "Who?"

"I'm not exactly sure," I said, feeling my fists balling, my body tensing, everything ready and needing to destroy something. "But I will find out, Em. I promise you, and when I do..."-how could I put this gently?-"there's going to be hell to pay." That might be a simplification of everything I would do to whoever was responsible for that night, but it summed up my general intent.

Emma considered this for a moment, the skin between her brows lining. Tucking her chin over her knees, she glanced over at me. "So you come see me every night?" I cursed under my breath. A legendary dose of payback-Patrick Hayward style-was in order for squealing about that one to Emma. "Should I even try to deny it?" I muttered.

"No," she said, the corners of her mouth pulling up. "I think it's romantic. You teleporting out of prison to stare at your sleeping girlfriend." I shot a brow up, and her grin pulled higher. "In a weird, kind of creepy, romantic way."

"Yeah, yeah," I said. "Keep it coming. I guarantee you can't throw anything at me my family hasn't already."

She laughed, so I knew I was in the clear. "I'll have to make sure I stop going to bed nak*d from now on." She gave me a coy smile, her cheeks reddening just barely.

"No need to break time-honored and boyfriend approved habits on my account," I said, heat flashing through my veins just thinking about Emma sleeping nak*d. "Besides, I've heard it's important to let your skin air out at night. So you might want to lose those sheets and comforter too." Shaking her head, she elbowed me. "What am I going to do with you?" God, I loved that question. "Sleep nak*d tomorrow night and I'll gladly show you." This one earned me a two handed shove and a two second sigh.

After our laughter dimmed, her face flattened as she stared at the lake. "You'll never grow old." It sounded like more of a statement than a question, so I replied by scooting behind her and wrapping both arms tight around her.

"You'll never die."

I tucked my chin over her shoulder, pressing my chest as hard as I could against her back, trying to let nothing come between us.

"What kind of a future do you envision for us, Patrick?"

This was a question, a sad one. I tried to never ask myself this because it always dead ended with Emma's aging body failing one day while mine continued on until the end of time. It was, perhaps, the saddest question ever asked.

I replied with a favored tactic of mine. Answer a question with another question. "What kind of a future do you want?"

"One with you," she answered instantly, her fingers winding around my wrists, binding me to her.

"I can manage that," I said.

A few moments of silence passed where I could only imagine what she was thinking. "How can this work?" she asked, her voice quiet.

"Because I want it to," I answered, forcing myself to sound strong. "I'll do anything to make us work, Em, and I'm the most stubborn, determined guy you'll ever meet." Again, the silence, but this time I knew what she was thinking, because it was the same thing I was.

No matter how much determination I had, I couldn't stop time, and no matter how stubborn I was, I couldn't keep death from finding Emma's Mortal form one day. She could have a lifetime with me, but I wouldn't have the same. That should bother me more than it did her, but I got the distinct feeling that this was what bothered her the most about everything. Leaving me behind, assuming she'd be nothing more than a chapter in a never ending story.

What she failed to realize is that she'd become my story. My life before her was just a flat prologue and my life after would be dismal epilogue.

"We better get back," she said at last, twisting out of my arms to stand.

"Em," I said, popping up beside her. I didn't want to leave anything unsaid between us.

"No, Patrick," she said, facing me. "I need some time to just think. To process, okay?" How much time? What specifically did she need to process? Did she want me to help? These were several of the many questions that exploded to mind, but I shoved them down and answered, "Okay."

CHAPTER SIX

The voices and shouts and laughter flowed from William and Bryn's house as Emma and I made our way up the stone walkway. Against every instinct and every urge, I managed to keep silent and give Emma the space and silence she'd requested.

As I discovered, when willpower fails you, a sharp biting of your tongue works rather effectively.

I couldn't imagine what Emma was thinking, I couldn't even imagine what she was feeling, I just wanted to say or do something that would make all of this all right with her.

"Doing all right over there?" I asked, grabbing her hand as we headed up the porch.

"All right over here," she answered, smiling over at me. "Besides, the heavy stuff's out of the way now, right?"

"Absolutely," I replied, when I should have said mostly. When it came to the world of Immortality, you were never "out" of the heavy stuff.

"Dessert, coffee, family," she listed as I swung the door open. "Easy, right?"

"Right," I said as we stepped into William and Bryn's living room, realizing I'd forgotten to knock on wood.

Six sets of eyes focused on us as the whole room went silent. Nothing but the sounds of wood popping in the fireplace and the espresso machine hissing in the kitchen. So much for being in the "heavy" clear. Every face, whether focused on me with looks of please-don't-tell-me-you-screwed-this-up, or on her with sympathetic eyes, screamed "heavy."

Emma slid a little closer, the silence and stares making her uneasy.

Scrambling for the perfect ice breaker, or any ice breaker, Bryn stood up, gliding towards us. "So you didn't go running for the hills?" she asked Emma, giving me a devious smile.

Emma relaxed, nudging me. "Not this time."

Lifting a shoulder, Bryn grabbed Emma's hand. "There's always a next time," she said, steering her into the kitchen. "You look like you need a good cup of coffee." I watched in wonder as Emma and Bryn flitted about the kitchen, grabbing cream from the fridge, a spoon from the drawer, engaged in conversation like they'd known each other since they'd been in diapers. Seeing the two of them laughing as they made jabs about me, everything felt oddly copacetic.

"So," Joseph said, lifting a brow, "how did she take it?"

Throwing myself down on a chair, I kicked off my shoes. "Better than she could have," I said, grabbing a stack of peanut butter cookies from the tray. "Not as well as I would have hoped."

"Where does that leave the two of you?" William asked, scooting to the edge of the couch.

My least favorite place to be. "Limbo land, brother," I answered, dropping the cookies back on the tray. "She could just as soon leave me tomorrow as she could stay right now, you know?" I said, staring at her in the kitchen as she sipped her coffee. "I can't lose that girl," I said, mostly to myself because I couldn't. If I lost Emma, I'd lose myself-that's what love had reduced me to.

William nodded his understanding, regarding me with eyes that knew all too well what I was going through.

Nathanial rose from the arm chair, already mid-stretch and yawn. "Night, youngsters," he said, waving at Abby finishing her cup of coffee with the girls in the kitchen. "As reigning oldest one of the bunch, I'm going to bed."

Joseph whined his protest.

"Let him be," I said, giving those peanut butter cookies a second thought. "Cranky-pants needs a nap."

Nathanial scowled at me in passing, smacking the backside of my head. "And smarty-pants needs an ass whooping."

"I guess Cora and I are outta here too," Joseph said, popping up. "We'll leave the newlyweds and lovebirds"-he bounced his eyebrows my direction-"to their devices." Snatching a cookie, I sailed it at his head and he caught in his mouth. "Have fun with your device," I implied as he crunched around the cookie.

Cora popped into the room just then, carrying her purse.

"My wife always does," he said, winking at me as he pulled Cora under his arm.

She rolled her eyes, shoving at him lightheartedly. "You'll be having fun with your own device tonight if you keep up that cocky attitude," she said, accusing me with her eyes. "You've been spending too much time around Patrick."

I blew Cora an air kiss as they followed behind Nathanial and Abby. Two couples down, one more to go.

Bryn and Emma weaved into the room, their eyes bouncing between William and me. Bryn's landed on me, her face forming into a knowing smirk when she saw what I guessed was unbridled anticipation on my face.

"Time for bed, husband of mine," she said, nodding her head up the stairs at William.

The man sprung off the couch and was across the room in Immortal world record setting time.

Walking over to the coat closet, Bryn pulled out a few things from the top shelf. Turning around, her grin took up half her face. Only after she'd walked across the room and dropped the items in my lap did I understand the reason for the smile.

"You've got the couch, Hayward," she said, with a wink.

I punched the pillow and blanket for good measure.

"You guys have like five bedrooms in this palace," I said, watching Emma. She was trying to fight a smile. "Why do I get the couch? I always get the couch." William, like Bryn, wasn't trying to hide his smile. "Because all of our bedrooms are on the second floor. Where Emma is sleeping. You need at least a floor between the two of you if you're going to sleep under my roof."

My mouth fell open. This coming from the guy who broke just about every rule of our kind to be with the woman he loved?

"Are you guys kidding me?" I said, throwing the pillow and blanket on the ground. "You two crawled into each other's beds every chance you got."

Bryn and William looked at each other, their smiles growing. Bryn cleared her throat before looking back at me. "And you made that so incredibly easy for us every chance you got, right?" Ah, so that's what this was about. Payback. I'd given them a hard time at every turn and this was a little tit for tat.

"Pleasant dreams," William said, choking on a laugh before he hauled Bryn up the stairs.

I grumbled something after them.

Emma's smile had dimmed, but she still looked way too amused. There was nothing amusing about being told, on the first night I actually could, I wasn't "allowed" to spoon, suck face, and sleep until sunrise with my girl.

"You look too happy given the circumstances," I grumbled as Emma walked over. "I am pretty happy given the circumstances," she said, stopping in front of me. "I get to spend a whole night with my boyfriend and his family."

"Not the whole night," I said under my breath.

She laughed a few notes before leaning over and dropping a kiss into my temple. "Good night, Patrick."

"It could be a helluva lot better than good if I wasn't on couch patrol," I said, watching her head up the stairs. The sway of her hips, the way her hair moved, it was like I was already dreaming. "Love you, Em."

"Love you, couch cop," she called back, her voice light.

The world no longer made sense. Everyone but me had turned into a regular smartass. I had officially become the butt of all jokes.

Kicking my shoes off, I stood up and started unbuttoning my shirt, resigned to the fact I'd be surfing the sofa-alone-all night long. Pulling my arms out of the sleeves, I tossed the shirt on the floor, unbuttoned my pants, lowered the fly, and dropped them.

I snatched the pillow and blanket and threw them on the couch. Hitching my hands on my hips, standing in the living room in nothing more than a pair of boxers and a scowl, I stared at those stairs longingly. One floor, one hall, and one door were all that separated me from heaven.

I took one step towards the stairs, then one more. My heart was about to explode out of my damn chest, just from being two feet closer to her. I knew I was one second away from sprinting up those stairs and knocking down every door until I found her, so I made myself take a step back towards the couch. Not because I actually thought William and Bryn cared if Emma and I shared the same room and bed, but because maybe that's what she wanted.

Maybe, after everything she'd learned today, she needed that privacy and separation from me. I had to force myself to take another step back because those stairs tempted me. No, they beckoned me. Damn, even the stairs were aligning against me.

Wrapping my arms around my head, I let out a stream of curses through my teeth, venting my frustration.

"Holy hell," a voice whispered in front of me.

My eyes snapped open. A smile hitched its way into position one second later.

"Em," I whispered, appraising her on the bottom stair, staring at everything but my eyes. "You minx, you."

She stayed silent, frozen in place, that dazed expression on her face, her eyes sweeping over me like pin balls.

Damn, my smile couldn't pull any higher without it hurting. "Enjoying the view?" I asked, stretching my arms above me, giving her a free show.

"Holy hell," she repeated, her eyes watching my stomach muscles move before they shifted a few inches south. She swallowed, pulling her lower lip into her mouth. "Why are you in your underwear?" she whispered, her voice high.

I looked her over in her tank and pajama shorts, that alabaster skin gleaming in the dark. "Why aren't you?" I asked, raising a brow, feeling an instant bolt of heat when I pictured it.

"Because then we'd be in trouble," she answered, stepping down from the last stair and crossing the space between us. "Big trouble."

And now, thanks to that look on her face and the way her body moved towards me, I was having a tough time coming up with a coherent response. I shook my head, prying a response from my mind. "I happen to be a big fan of big trouble."

"That so?" she said, stopping in front of me.

I nodded, feeling my throat go dry.

Pressing her body into mine, her hands weaved around my neck. Lord, my knees might have just wobbled. Her mouth moved towards mine until I could feel her breath breaking against my jaw.

"Me too," she breathed before sucking my lower lip into her warm mouth.

Okay, that was definitely a wobble. In fact, I couldn't do this standing up. Grabbing her waist, I lifted her up and walked backwards until my legs rammed into the couch. Emma's mouth continued to pulse over my lip, her thighs clenching my waist.

And I thought my heart was going to explode out of my chest a minute ago.

Holding her tight to me, I dropped down onto the sofa.

I loved this damn sofa.

Emma showed mercy and let go of my lower lip, leaning back to study my face. Whatever she saw on it made her smile. It also made her eyes go a little lidded. Lifting herself above my lap, she readjusted herself, wrapping her fingers around the peaks of my arms.

Lowering herself over me, she slid down a spot that had my head rolling back over the couch. My hands grabbed her hips, squeezing them as hard as I could without leaving marks. The last thing I was capable of doing right now while her body moved against me like that was control. But it was also the first thing I had to have on my mind when we were together like this.

She slid back up me and, with nothing more than a thin pair of boxers and cotton pair of shorts between us, she could feel my desire as much as I could feel hers. Taking advantage of my exposed neck, Emma's mouth attached to the spot just above my collar bone, kissing, smoothing, and sucking a pattern to the beat of her h*ps moving against me.

Her breathing picked up, steaming up my neck, and my breathing just plain stopped. I couldn't focus on anything other than the feel of her body against mine and the things it could make mine feel.

"Emma," I groaned as her fingers played with the hem of my boxers. Why hadn't I chosen tonight to sleep nak*d? "Are you sure?"

"Shut up, Patrick," she said, making me. Covering my mouth with hers, her lips moved in and over mine like they were trying to possess me.

My hands slid under her tank, skimming over her stomach until they molded beneath the fullness of her br**sts. As my thumbs played with the hardened part of them, her head fell back. She started moving faster against me.

This was it. I was going to lose my lifelong celibacy right here, right now. On my brother and sister-in-law's couch while they slept one floor above.

Wasn't exactly how I'd pictured it happening. But damn, losing it however and whenever with Emma Scarlett was the thing male fantasies were made of.

Lowering my arms around her waist, I lifted her and had her on her back below me in one seamless move.

"That's better," I said, covering her mouth with mine, lowering my body into hers.

Her fingers found their way back to the hem of my boxers, working them down. I was just lifting my h*ps to give her easier access when something smacked into the back of my head.

Something that felt a lot like a tennis ball thrown with Immortal strength and precision. "Not on my living room couch, you horn dog!" William hissed from the top of the stairs. "Take it to your place if you're planning on doing this tonight."

Emma's face ironed out for one moment before she erupted in laughter. "Sorry, William," she called out, sliding out from beneath me. "We'll be on our best behavior the rest of the night." I perked up to argue that point when she shot me a look. "I promise," she added, tilting her heat at me.

I groaned, washing my hands over my face. My body was all spun up, in desperate need of some sort of release, and now, thanks to Master of the Universe, it would be getting none. The only "place" I had was a bedroom in Father's house and the only action I'd get there was outmaneuvering the back of his hand if I even tried to bring Emma into my bedroom.

Emma watched me, her own face looking totally recomposed. Like we hadn't just been pounding on heaven's gate moments ago. Grabbing my arms, she tugged me back to her. "Come here," she said, folding her arms around me. "The night's not a total waste."

"Really?" I said, not ready to forfeit my right to pout just yet, but letting her try to soothe me.

"Really," she replied as we worked into a horizontal position beside one another. A chaste horizontal position.

As Emma's breathing evened out, her chest rising and falling in a regular pattern beneath my head, I found myself agreeing. Falling asleep with the girl I loved in my arms wasn't anywhere close to a total waste.

CHAPTER SEVEN

It was prison o'thirty and no matter how much longer I wanted to hold Emma tucked to my chest on my older brother's living room couch, I had to get back or else I'd be labeled an escaped inmate and anyone with a badge and a gun would have a license to kill me if they meandered upon me.

The guns I wasn't worried about; the repercussions of those guns failing to penetrate my skin was more what had my boxers in a bunch.

Pressing one last kiss into her temple, I slid the pillow under her sleeping head and, before I could talk myself out of it, teleported into my bedroom closet. After months of this same routine, I still hadn't gotten used to sliding out of expensive, soft boxers and into 10 count cotton, itchy as hell, ugly as sin prison jumpsuits and undergarments.

Groaning, I closed my eyes and left Montana and everyone I loved behind. One second later, I opened my eyes and took in the lovely cement ceiling above my bunk the California taxpayers had so generously furnished.

Another day down, one day closer to being out and able to be with Emma whenever I wanted. I hadn't forgotten the reason I'd taken the fall for the Scarlett boys beating the piss out of Ty Steele and I'd do it again, but certain mornings I begrudged this decision more than others.

This was one of those mornings.

"Rise and shine, tweedle-dee and tweedle-dum!" Officer Stick-in-the-Mud fog-horned into our cell later that day, beating his baton against the bars. "Afternoon nap time is all over with."

"Rising and shining, sir," I said as Mr. Rogers let out a low growl on the bunk below. Hopping down to the floor, I found Officer High-and-Tight shooting me a crazy grin. I didn't know whether he was in love with me or loathed me.

"The warden wants to see you," he said, pointing his baton at me, that smile twisting another loop.

"Super," I said under my breath, not sure why he needed to see me, but the warden never saw anyone to hand out gold stars or pats on the back. I'd done something to get on his radar, which was exactly what I'd been trying to avoid. I could only hope I wasn't on his radar due to my little disappearing act every night.

Still smiling like he was straight out of the nut house, he handed me a pair of cuffs and waited. I knew the routine. Snapping them tight one wrist at a time, I couldn't help but think how fragile the steel cuffs felt. Like a wet noodle I could sever with the lightest of twitches.

After I flashed my cuffed wrists, the officer shouted, "Open nine-three-two!" and swoosh! The door was open and I was free to see the warden.

I'd rather be locked behind the steel bars.

Warden Drumheller was a legend in the world of penitentiaries. His daddy had been a warden, as had his granddaddy before that. Being a warden was in his blood and what he breathed. In his thirty years of overseeing numerous prisons around the country, not one inmate had successfully escaped. The few that tried were shot dead on the scene.

Not only was he one bad mother trucker who put to shame the North Korean wardens I'd come in contact with decades ago after a not-so-pleasant mission went to hell, he was a sixty-five year old man in a twenty-five year old body. The dude was ripped, rumored to bench three-twenty-five, run a six and a half minute mile, and drink a dozen eggs milkshake style every morning. Warden Drumheller was an old fashioned bad ass, the kind of guy I wanted on my side, the kind of guy I dreaded when he wasn't.

As inmate number one-three-seven-oh, I dreaded a private meeting with Warden Drumheller.

"After you, Dorothy," the officer said with a wave of his hand.

Clicking my heels together three times, I stepped out of the cell. Turning left, I started down the long row of cells. "We're off to see the warden. The wonderful warden of Oz," I sang, lifting my chin at a couple of inmates in passing.

"It was nice knowing ya, Hayward," one of them called out from their cell. Another one crossed himself silently.

Even these guys with rocks for IQs knew I was as good as in huge trouble if the warden required a personal meeting. Other than my nightly escapes, I'd been an upstanding felon. I could have gotten the Felon of the Month award four months running if they handed that award out.

So that meant one thing. Warden Drumheller was suspicious or had figured out a cell where two inmates resided was only occupied by one every night. If that was the case and he was onto me, I'd have to forgo leaving the prison every night until I was released. I couldn't risk ruining this, not when my sentence was almost over. If Emma wanted normal, I would give her as much normal as I could. As an Immortal, I could fly off the grid with a snap of my fingers, but as an Immortal tied to a Mortal who craved a normal life in society, flying off the grid wasn't an option.

"Any idea what Warden Drumheller wants?" I asked, glancing over my shoulder.

The officer kept smiling, keeping his eyes locked on some imaginary point in the distance. "I don't ask questions. I follow orders," was his reply. Reminded me a hell of a lot of the way the Nazis had talked decades ago.

"Your strengths are my weaknesses," I said, pausing at the door at the end of the hall.

Sliding a card key through the card reader, the officer pulled the door open when it beeped. "That's why you're in here and I get to go home and screw my girlfriend every night."

"Lucky you," I said with a contrived smile, stepping through the door and heading down the next hall.

I'd never been inside the warden's office, but you couldn't miss it. At the end of the hall was one door with "Warden Drumheller" stenciled in a rigid, all caps font. In jail, all halls lead to the warden's office.

Officer Nicks rapped on the door, his brow set.

"Come in," a voice that commanded respect even through a door called out.

Pushing the door open, Nicks slid in behind me, and before he could open his mouth, Warden Drumheller cut him off with a pointed look.

"That will be all, Officer Nicks," he said in that Southeast accent of his.

"Sir?" Nicks began before the warden leveled him with another look.

"Wait outside," Warden Drumheller demanded. "I'll call you in when we're done."

"Yes, sir," Nicks said before cowering out of the room and closing the door behind him.

This couldn't be good. Whatever the warden had on today's agenda for me, he didn't want to have any witnesses.

Rolling my shoulders back, I approached the warden's desk. "To what do I owe the honor of obtaining a private appointment with Warden Drumheller?" I asked, leading with smartass because no amount of polite would work me out of whatever situation I'd found myself in, and Drumheller seemed like a guy who could cut through BS almost as efficiently as I could.

Drumheller shoved himself into a stand, leaning across the desk at me. The corners of his mouth twitched up right as his eyelids started to... bat.

What the hell?

"You're still drenched in sex, you know that?" he said, his voice tugging a little higher. I almost teleported out of there, I was that close, right as Drumheller's forehead started changing. The change spread, tiles spinning over, until the two hundred pound badass warden had transformed into a familiar brunette.

"Master Hayward," she said, cocking an eyebrow at me as her eyes drifted up, down, and around me.

"Sasha," I said. "Nice parlor trick."

Her eyes lidded as they filled with the short lived memories of the past. "I don't seem to recall that being your favorite parlor trick of mine," she said, coming around the front of the desk.

"It wasn't," I said, crossing my arms and taking a step back. Sasha was the kind of woman that didn't only not have a problem throwing herself at men, she lived it like a theme song. "You had this uncanny ability to remind me not to get involved with crazy women."

"All women are crazy," she said, sitting on the edge of the desk. "Some are just better at censoring it than others. Me, I like to live a censor free eternity."

"At least you're consistent," I said as she adjusted her knee high stockings so they were more mid-thigh. Even then, there was a solid half foot of bare skin between the cuff of them and the hem of her plaid skirt. "Now that we've had a lovely stroll down memory lane, mind telling me what the hell you're doing here?" I asked, throwing myself down in the chair across from the desk.

"Your brother sent me," she said, crossing her legs and moving so she was right in front of me.

"Which one?" I asked, almost wishing I was having a private meeting with the actual Warden Drumheller. In almost every instance, callous old wardens were less spiteful than bitter ex flames.

"One of the dark haired gods," she answered. "I can't tell them apart." Since I knew at least half a dozen Shifters in the area that could pass on a message other than an ex who would just as soon rip my heart from my chest as she would bind me with hell wire and make me her eternal sex slave, I had my answer.

"Joseph," I cursed under my breath, tempted to teleport back to Montana right now just so I could smack the back of his head.

She answered with a non-committal shrug.

"So where's the real Drumheller?" I asked.

"At home with a screaming case of diarrhea," Sasha answered. "Don't worry, he'll be back tomorrow and with no memory of taking a sick day. I've got a Mindtripper paying him a visit tonight." I nodded. "So what's the message?" If it couldn't wait until tonight when Joseph could have told me himself, it had to be critical.

"The tracker you had following those Inheritors who were tailing your girl"-her nose curled over the last word-"followed them to some point a couple miles south of the Canadian border in Idaho. The trail went dead there. The Inheritors apparently disappeared in the middle of a national forest."

"Do you have the coordinates for where they disappeared?" I asked, thinking. Something wasn't right. The Inheritors were too young and undeveloped to have honed their talents if they were Teleporters, so how did two Immortals just disappear from a pair of my best trackers?

"I can get them," Sasha answered.

"Text them to me. I'll check them tonight when I teleport out of this hell hole," I said. "Don't tell Joseph or anyone else you did, okay?"

The skin between her brows pinched, but she nodded in agreement.

"Is there anything else?" I asked, needing to get back to my cell so I could work out this puzzle in my head. Nothing made sense, nothing seemed to fit together. Emma being followed by Inheritors. Those Inheritors disappearing in the middle of nowhere.

"Your trackers overheard one of them on the phone," Sasha said, swallowing. "They addressed the person on the other side as Troy."

And now, the whole puzzle came together. All the pieces fit due to one name pulling them together.

Troy. I didn't have to guess what his motive was for tailing Emma. Payback. And I didn't have to wonder what would have happened had I not been there that night to intervene. They would have killed her.

"Damn it," I cursed, leaning forward and hanging my head. "I really should have killed that bastard when I had the chance."

"Joseph said you all could work out a mission plan tonight, but he wanted you to have this information right away," she said, shoving off the desk. "And I didn't exactly have to be asked twice." There wasn't enough consciousness to process Sasha's undercurrents; I was consumed with dread and worry and helplessness. I was sweltering in my worry for Emma. A minute or two of quiet passed between us. I did nothing but tap my foot over the floor as my mind raced over options and plans and revenge.

"Wow," Sasha said at last. "You really do love this girl. The unlandable Patrick Hayward has been landed. I guess it's time to pull out the black in my wardrobe." Coming towards me, she rested her hand on the side of my face and smiled. "Good luck."

"Thanks," I replied, mustering up a smile.

A knock sounded on the other side of the door.

Lifting a finger, Sasha started to shift, the transformation starting at her feet this time and moving up her body.

"You rap on that door one more time, Officer Nicks, and you'll be sharing a cell tonight!" the Sasha'fied warden before me hollered at the door.

"Impressive," I said, popping out of my seat. "Thanks for the information, Sasha. I better get back to my kennel." Giving her a wave, I turned to exit.

"Patrick," Sasha called out in Warden Drumheller's voice. It was creepy hearing his voice lined with the want Sasha inflected into it.

"Yeah?" I said, spinning around. Warden Drumheller's body towered a few inches in front of me. I was so startled I didn't have time to respond to Sasha's next move. Grabbing my face, Sasha planted Warden Drumheller's lips firmly against mine.

That was enough to jolt me out of my stupor. Shoving the hulking form away, I wiped my mouth on the backside of my arm.

"Sasha!" I hollered, doing another wipe. "Was that your idea of a sick joke?" Grinning at me, Warden Drumheller moved back behind his desk. "That was my idea of a goodbye kiss, love," he said with a wink. "You've got it bad for this girl. The kind of bad that never goes away."

"I'm going to be forever scarred after that, Sasha," I replied, wishing I had a toothbrush so I could scrape my tongue too. "But you always knew how to make an impression."

"You too," she replied, Drumheller's voice as soft as I imagined it ever would be.

"Thanks for the info," I said, twisting my cuffed hands over the doorknob. "It was nice of you to agree to come."

Drumheller winked at me. Another reason I needed to scrub my brain out with bleach. "I offered," he said right before clearing his throat and putting on that Marine face of his. "We're done here, Nicks!" I stepped aside from the door as it swung open.

"Anything else, sir?" Nicks asked, a look of satisfaction in his eyes like he was convinced whatever I'd deserved, I'd just gotten.

"That will be all," Drumheller replied, reviewing something on his desk.

Cocking his neck to the side, Nicks waited for me.

"Oh, Nicks? There is one thing," Drumheller called out, snapping his fingers.

"Yes, sir?" Nicks replied, rolling his shoulders back.

Meeting his eyes, Drumheller said, "Slap yourself across the face. Hard." Nicks forehead lined. "Sir?"

"Don't ask me to repeat myself," Drumheller replied in that stone flat face, although I could detect the playfulness in his eyes that was a paramount of Sasha.

Glaring over at me, Nicks lifted his hand and walloped himself across the cheek. The sound echoed down the hall.

I choked on my laughter. I'd pay a million bucks to see that again.

"There," Drumheller said, biting the side of his cheek, trying to keep the explosion of laughter contained. "Now that will be all."

Shooting a quick thumb's up at the desk, I exited the room, passing a confused Nicks, and tried again not to laugh at the flaming red handprint across his cheek.

This time, I couldn't keep it contained.

CHAPTER EIGHT

If I thought the days had crept by before, I was wrong. Time refused to move the remainder of the day. Learning my girl was being all but hunted by the likes of Troy and his scum while I was "trapped" in jail was a rare form of torture. The only thing that got me through the day was the knowledge Joseph was with her. I'd trust my life to any one of my brothers-even the life I cared for more than my own.

When the officer shouted, "Lights out!" and Mr. Rogers's snoring symphony immediately followed, I was out of there. It wasn't even a conscious thought anymore; it was just where I needed to be. I felt her pulling me and I pushed and then I was there.

"Looking dapper tonight," Joseph called out from the Emma and Julia's computer chair, followed by a whistle.

I'd been in such a hurry to get here, I'd forgotten to make my normal layover in my closet. I was about to correct my mistake when a form shifted on the bed and I knew it wouldn't have mattered if I was standing here buck nak*d-I wasn't going anywhere.

"He looks dapper every night," Emma said, slamming her book shut and bouncing off the bed towards me.

I don't know if she leapt into them or I threw her into them, but she was in my arms before they had a chance to ache that she wasn't in them.

"How could I miss you that much in one day?" she said against my neck.

Nuzzling my face into her hair, I smiled. "It's because it was me you were missing." She chuckled, her chest vibrating against mine.

"I'm going to get out of here before stuff starts breaking," Joseph said, giving the chair a final spin before leaping out of it. "It looks like she's in good hands for the night." Clapping his hand over my shoulder, he gave it a squeeze. "Give me a ring when my body guard services are needed and you're ready to talk about the intel from earlier. I'll be close."

"Thanks, brother," I said as he closed the door behind him. I hadn't even had a chance to give him a hard time for sending Sasha to deliver a message half a dozen other Shifters could have, but I suppose Emma and my current state of privacy was his way of making amends.

"So I take it you've worked out some things in your head?" I said, lowering her to the ground, but not about to let her out of my arms.

"More like quite a few things, I think," she answered, blowing the hair out of her face.

I knew I should be concerned with what she'd worked out, but all I really cared about right now was what that meant for us. Did the riddles she solved leave room for me in her life?

"Where does that leave us?" I asked, trying to keep my voice unemotional.

"Here," she said. "Together."

"Together as in right now, or as in together, dot dot dot?" I was starting to sound like an insecure girl.

"Together as in dot dot dot. Dot," she said, grinning up at me. "In your case dot, dot, dot infinity, mine more like dot dot dot to the ripe old age of ninety-two." This was why. This was why I'd been reduced to a blubbering, heartsick maniac. To see the woman I loved standing in front of me with a worry free face, admitting her love to me.

"I love you," I said, because right now, there was nothing else to say or do.

Popping on her tip-toes, she kissed the corner of my mouth. "I love you," she whispered, skimming her lips over mine and kissing the other corner.

She was wearing down my defenses, what few if any I had when it came to her body challenging mine, but something was more important than following Emma down this lip skimming, kissing path.

"Em," I said, bracing her arms and setting my jaw. I needed a deep breath and to imagine my ancient primary school marm nak*d on a cold day.

Yeah, that helped. A bit.

"Yeah?" she said, looking at me like I was the crazy man I was. The old Patrick wouldn't put the brakes on a make-up/make out session for anything.

"Would you do something for me?" I asked, taking another slow breath through my teeth.

"Depends on what that something is."

Of course it did. Why, in all the world's women, did I have to pick the most stubborn of them?

"I need you to disappear for a while. Lay low until we can figure out what the hell a bunch of Immortals I don't trust as far as I can throw them want with you." I had more to say, a whole case in my defense I'd outlined in my mind this afternoon, but all that went out the mind's window when her face fell.

"I can't do that, Patrick," she said, looking at me like I didn't know who she was at all. That look cut right through me. "I'm sorry, but I won't let fear rule my life anymore. It's already claimed too much of it."

Her voice was so strong, her expression so betrayed, I almost broke right there, but I didn't. I had to protect her. At any and all costs. Loving someone meant you protected them.

"Don't make me throw you over my back, Emma Scarlett," I said, giving her the slanted little smile that made her melt.

Except for this one instance.

"Then let me make my own decisions," she said, taking a step back and crossing her arms over her chest.

I bit my tongue before I said something I'd regret. Lacing my fingers over the back of my neck, I spun around, wanting to bang my forehead against the wall until everything made sense again.

"I'm safe, Patrick," she said, coming up behind me and resting a hand on my shoulder. "I've never felt so safe in my life."

Then the girl had a screwed up definition of the word safe. It was certainly not staying vulnerable in a known location for an army of Immortal beings that could snap her neck with the slightest muscle twitch.

Safe was not when I was trapped behind bars more hours of the day than I wasn't, unable to protect her from anything that came within an arm's length that I didn't recognize.

If I was honest with myself though, safe wasn't being in any part of my world.

"You know I'm fighting every instinct not to take you right now and hide you somewhere I know no one will find you, right?" I said, tilting my head back to stare at the ceiling because I couldn't look at her right now. I couldn't look at everything I could lose in the span of a breath.

"I know," she answered, spinning me around to her. She waited, not saying or doing anything else until my eyes shifted down to hers.

"What would you do if you were in my situation?" I asked, giving this one more round.

Her hands molded around my face, their warmth melding into me. "I'd trust you." And that was why so many songs, stories, poems, and movies were made about love. Because it was so damn confusing when you really looked at the fine print, but so simple when you just let it into your life without questions. Because I loved Emma, I needed to both protect and trust her. How in the hell did I do that in this situation?

Loving Emma was easy, as simple as anything I'd set out to do; it was deciding how to convey that love where it got all screwy. Was protection or trust more important? How would I rate them on the scale of everything love encompassed? How would she rate them? Where they mutually inclusive or exclusive entities? Could I implement one without the other?

My head was about to burst from the pretzel of questions and confusion twisting and weaving its way around, so I took the surest course of action to halt all considerations from a man's mind.

Grabbing Emma, I crushed my body into hers. Her startle of surprise was silenced by my mouth. My hands ended on her hips, my fingers digging into her body. Her hands roamed up my arms, clasping behind my neck as she pulled me closer. Her entire length fixed against mine, like every peak and valley of hers were intended to fit mine.

Her mouth parted mine, her tongue exploring my mouth. Some sound escaped from my throat and, whether it was a groan, sigh, or moan, the interpretation was the same. I craved more. I wanted more. I needed everything. All of her.

My hands skimmed beneath her shirt, pulling the hem with my fingers as they trailed up her body.

Our mouths broke only for the space of time it took to peel the shirt over her head. Then her hands were at my collar, ripping each button of my jumpsuit free. I had one fleeting thought that I really should have dressed better for the occasion, but it was promptly extinguished when her chest shoved against my now bare one.

Tearing the sleeves free from my arms, Emma's fingers trailed back up my bare arms, exploring every part of me like her tongue continued to do to mine.

Letting my body do all the thinking, I pressed her back towards her bed because I knew I couldn't stay vertical for much longer from what her body was doing to mine. Every muscle was tensed, every sense on alert, like my entire body was standing on a ledge, ready to fall and going to do nothing to stop it.

Lifting her, I rested Emma on the bed, immediately following. And now, with gravity pressing my body harder against hers, I felt things I couldn't believe I hadn't in two centuries of existence. The way a woman's softness complemented a man's hardness, the way Emma's heartbeat burst into my chest like it was my own, the way desire overtook every other emotion at the moment, the way her h*ps curved into mine.

Emma's mouth left mine, working its way down my neck, her hands coming around and drawing patterns onto my stomach. Taking the chance to catch the breath I didn't need to survive, but seemed to need in this instance, I moved my hands from behind her neck. One trailed along the fabric of her bra, diving into the cup at the first opportunity. The other moved for the button of her jeans. I couldn't take anything, clothing included, being between us right now.

"Not so fast," Emma breathed, a smile in her voice. "You opportunist, you." I don't know how I stopped, but I doubted anything short of an act of God could force me to tap the brakes. "Not fast enough," I replied, adjusting my face so it was right above her. "And yes, in fact, my middle name happens to be opportunist."

Trailing her fingers down my back in more a gentle, massage way than the rough and tumble way she had moments ago, the way I preferred, she smirked up at me. "That's not the middle name Bryn told me."

"Have I mentioned you shouldn't believe a word out of Bryn's mouth?" I grumbled.

"So that whole thing with the eyes and the Immortality purity code, rule, law...whatever she and William explained to me this morning, is all just a bunch of bull too?" Her smirk sharpened, but her hands continued their lazy trails up and down my back. "Something you forgot to mention when you were about to hit a home run last night?"

"Biggest bunch of bull ever," I answered immediately, angling my face so I could kiss her again.

She dodged me. "If you think I'd risk your life just because we couldn't wait, you're gravely mistaken, Patrick Opportunist Hayward."

More than anything, ten times more than admitting my given middle name to Emma, this was what I found myself most pissed at Bryn and William for divulging to her. I wasn't going to let anyone tell me what I could and couldn't do with the woman I loved, most of all a bunch of older than dirt Immortals.

"Em," I began, ready to break into my side of the argument.

"Don't 'Em' me," she interrupted, flattening her hands over my chest and pushing. I didn't budge.

"You really think sleeping together would be worth dying for?"

"Hells, yeah," I said, my eyes widening. "There is no better or more honorable way for a man to go." Emma groaned. "Could you stop talking with your hormones for five seconds?"

"No promises," I replied, wondering where this whole thing had derailed.

"Since you are incapable of thinking rationally about this, obviously," she said, tucking my hair behind my ears, "I'll have to do it for both of us."

"Come on, Em," I said, lowering my mouth to her ear, hoping I could salvage this mess. I planted my mouth against her neck, sucking the sensitive skin. "Rational's boring. Throw caution to the wind with me."

"As I was saying," she said, shoving on my immovable chest again. "And since you seem impervious to my hinting at this, let me just spill it out for you." Pausing, she cleared her throat and leveled me with a resolved look. A string of curse words sounded in my mind before she opened her mouth. "I will not have sex with you until we're married. Or United. Or whatever the hell you people do with my kind of people." Groaning, I rolled off her and buried my face into a pillow.

"Sorry, love," she said, kissing my shoulder. "But if it's any consolation, that was a mind-blowing dress rehearsal."

"There's no consolation to a man being denied," I said, my voice muffled by the pillow. "And just so you know, my people aren't supposed to marry your people." So I was pouting like a baby, but damn, this woman did things to me that should be illegal to even think about on Sundays.

"William and Bryn found a way to make it work," she said, rolling onto her side.

"Yeah, they sure did," I said, rolling onto my side so I could face her. "Their path to the altar was as smooth as a horny toad's back."

"Dramatic," she scoffed, rolling her eyes. "And you said horny."

"That wasn't even a Freudian slip, Em. That's just what I am," I said, rolling out my lower lip, giving her my best puppy face.

She laughed and shoved my shoulder. "You've got such romantic pillow talk." I let myself join in her laughter, accepting the new direction tonight was taking. I was here with her now, talking, laughing, and close. It was a good night.

"Nothing but the best for you, baby," I said, throwing my arms around her and pulling her against me.

"Since you've made yourself painstakingly clear, we'll spend the night together fully clothed, not touching below the waist, and pretending like our hormones aren't going to split us in half by morning. Sound good?"

Folding into me, she let out a contented breath. "Sounds great." Emma fell asleep five breaths later. And I cursed the stars that, for the second night in a row, I'd struck out. I stayed up the rest of the night, keeping her folded into my arms, trying to figure out a way to keep Emma safe while I demonstrated the trust I had for her. Oh yeah, and how I would be formally tied to a Mortal.

Solutions were in short order on all fronts.

CHAPTER NINE

I didn't wake Em before I'd left that morning. Partly because it was early and partly because she had this peaceful, contented look on her face that I didn't want to be responsible for ruining with my goodbye.

So I kissed her temple and succumbed to another day at the pen.

"What's on the menu today, Hayward?" Mr. Rogers hollered over at me as he lined a row of pans with wax paper while we prepped for dinner.

I stared down into the vat of sustenance that was supposed to qualify as food as I stirred it. "Toxic sludge or toxic muck," I replied, curling my nose. "I can't tell how this is going to set up yet to tell for sure."

"Yum, yum," Mr. Rogers replied, his lips snarling.

Mid-stir, I tensed. The world stopped. The most gut-wrenching, raw feeling I'd ever had crippled me. It was terror. Something was wrong, and given the intensity of it, I knew who was affected.

I didn't think about the repercussions, I didn't care about them-I only cared about getting to her.

Ducking into the walk-in refrigerator, I teleported out of the prison kitchen, middle of the day, with dozens of guards to account for my absence, knowing whatever pit-of-my-stomach feeling had just incapacitated me was more important than having to deal with the upheaval from disappearing from prison.

I was standing in the center of Emma's room an instant later. Doing a spin, I ascertained it was empty. It was the middle of the day, so Emma should be in class, again, I didn't know how to explain it, but I knew she wasn't. Emma wasn't anywhere close-I couldn't feel her.

Another survey of her room and my eyes landed on a note resting on her bed. Panic clenched my throat. It was addressed to P.

Rushing to the bed, I snatched the note up and unfolded it.

Tag. You're it. To ensure you play, I've taken out an insurance policy. Come find me or else I'll play another game with your girl and your brother.

It was signed T.

I read the note again, wanting to convince myself I'd read the words wrong. When the message was the same the second time around, I crumpled the note in my palm and roared. Troy had Emma.

I kicked the wall, my foot going through drywall.

Troy had Joseph.

I smashed my fist through the door. All the way to the other side.

I didn't know where he had them.

I rammed my head against the wall, sending another cloud of white dust into the air.

He was going to hurt them.

I fell to my knees, folding my head into my arms.

I felt helpless. I was helpless. I needed to find Emma and Joseph and I knew that eventually, I could.

I would tear the whole damn world apart until I found them, but I knew time wasn't a luxury I had. Troy hadn't specified, but I knew I had days, maybe even hours before he started to harm the people I loved.

I needed to find them. Now. And one person could find them for me.

Taking one last look around Emma's room, I closed my eyes and concentrated on Montana. My father's office.

I was kneeling on the mahogany wood floors of his dark office when I opened my eyes. It was empty.

Damn it. My dad was in his office more than any other place. Lunging up, I ran out of the office, making a quick layover in my room to grab my emergency pack and to change. Thirty seconds later, I was blazing down the stairs in a white undershirt, jeans, and steel toed boots. Wherever I was going, whatever I found, I was denting in some foreheads today.

Snapping the straps of the backpack across my chest and stomach, I shoved through the front door, pausing on the porch.

The barn. Father was in the barn with a few others.

"They took Emma and Joseph," I said, appearing outside of the stall father, William, and Bryn were in, aiding a mare getting ready to foal.

"What?" Father said, his face dropping.

"I was just at Emma's dorm and that Inheritor bastard Troy left me a note saying he'd taken them and he was waiting for me to come get them," I said, gripping the metal bars of the stall.

"Are you sure?" Bryn said, wiping her arms on a towel as she came towards me.

"Does it look like I'm sure?" I asked, meeting her eyes.

Bryn inspected my face and swallowed. "Are you all right?" she asked, resting her hand on one of my forearms flexing against the bars.

"No," I said, hissing the word through my teeth. I was barely hanging onto my composure. "I'm not all right. But I will be once I find Troy, anyone associated with him, and end each and every one of those bastards. I'll be fine once I have Emma back in my arms and my brother back home with his family." William came up behind Bryn, his expression unreadable. I envied him that. When life got grizzly, you never saw it affect William, at least on the outside. Me, I let everything I felt spill out on my face and body.

"Do you know where they might be?" William asked, his voice the calm to my manic.

"No," I said, clenching my jaw. All I could think about was Emma and Joseph at the mercy of the likes of Troy and his gang. The thought made me drive my boot into the stall wall.

The laboring mare jolted.

"Do you know how many of them are with Troy?" William asked, looking over to our father, who was a vice of silence. He was somewhere else, lost in the recesses of his mind.

"No," I answered, hanging my head between my arms.

"Do you know-"

"I don't know a god damn thing!" I shouted, spinning on him. "All I know is they took her, William!

They took Emma. They took our brother." My body was shaking from the buildup of adrenaline. "They took them!"

William and Bryn stared at me, having no words to calm me with and none that would work if they could muster any up. Then Bryn separated herself from William and stopped in front of me. Her arms lifted around my neck and she pulled me close, holding me so tight I knew I wouldn't fall apart while she held me. My external earthquake stilled as I wound my arms around her.

"It's okay," she said softly, stroking my hair in almost the same way my mother used to when I was young. "We'll find them. We'll find them," she repeated, again and again in my ear until I believed her.

"Father," William said, breaking the minute of solace, "where are they?"

"Thanks, Bryn," I whispered, giving her one final squeeze before I shouldered up to William, who was watching my father with an expectant expression.

Father startled, his eyes clearing as he found his way back to us.

"You were able to get past their Shielder?" William said, crossing his arms.

Father blinked a few times, his face lined with confusion.

"Where are they?" I asked, feeling hope take root.

"Son," he began, lifting his hand.

"Father, we don't have time for this," I said, working to keep my control. "They've got Emma and Joseph. I need to get to them. Where are they?"

Father sighed, meeting my gaze. "You realize the reason they called off their Shielder, right?" he began. "It's a trap. That's the only reason they'd let their location be uncovered."

"Good," I replied, my muscles twitching to life, ready to go into action. "I'm a pro at springing traps.

Where are they?"

Bryn came up beside me, and the three of us stood shoulder to shoulder.

"You can't go in there alone," he replied, looking between the three of us like he was trying to convince each one of us. "That's exactly what they want."

"That's exactly what I want," I replied, stepping forward, wanting to reach into my father's mind and pull out the location with my fingers. Emma and Joseph were one teleportation away and I stood here arguing with my father, trying to pry it from him.

"We go together. All of us," he said, the note of authority in his voice clearly a verdict coming from the Chancellor. "I will not allow you to teleport there on your own to be killed. If you want to have a chance at saving Emma and Joseph, you'll wait for the rest of your family to accompany you."

"Father-"

"Understood?" he said in a clipped tone.

I knew he was right. He'd been elected Chancellor of our Alliance decades ago for a reason-it was because Charles Hayward was a man that thought with his head and executed his plans precisely. He wasn't a loose cannon that flew off the cuff like me. I knew he was worried about losing me, he was worried about losing Joseph.

I understood where he was coming from. "Fine," I said, meeting his gaze. "Understood."

"Good," he said, nodding his head as he turned his gaze on William. "Get the plane ready, son.

We're leaving as soon as we tell the others."

William paused, clearing his throat, and maybe I imagined it, but I swore I felt he was suggesting something when his shoulder barely touched mine. "I'll get everything ready. What are the coordinates I'll need to plug into the GPS?"

God, I loved my brother. The final pairing of numbers were still spilling from father's mouth when I disappeared from the barn.

I understood where my father was coming from, but I didn't give a damn. My girl was out there at the mercy of scumbags; now was not the time to execute perfectly laid out plans. Now was the time to beat some heads in.

CHAPTER TEN

North Idaho. Not quite Canada, not quite the United States-it was a land all unto itself. The coordinates landed me smack in the center of a forest that looked like neither man nor time had touched. It was wild, the way it was at Earth's inception, and the way it would remain until its demise. For them to get Joseph and Emma here sometime between when I'd left her dorm early this morning to the time I found the note this afternoon, they had to have a plane. A fast one. Where they could have landed it in this tree infested land was a mystery, but a plane meant they had money and had been planning this out for a while.

Neither conclusion comforted me.

I didn't have to phone Sasha to ascertain this was the location those two Inheritors had disappeared on my trackers-not that I could have gotten reception in this never ending wall of trees-I could feel it.

Not the evil that rolled off the puffed out chests of Troy and his men, but her. Emma. The tether tied around my heart cinched tighter, to the point of throbbing, alerting me she was close.

I didn't know how many men Troy had at his disposal, but I guessed it had to be more than ten to kidnap Emma and my brother. I might tease that my brother was the soft baby of the family, but you did not want to stand on the other side of my line from my brother when the flag dropped. Joseph was just as proficient in the art of ass kicking as I was; he was just more calculated where I was more careless.

Either way, he could hold his own against a handful of Immortals, so that meant Troy had more than a handful.

That meant they needed a considerable sized space for their headquarters. There were no dwellings on the surface within sight-there were likely no dwellings for hundreds of miles-and they sure as hell weren't hanging out in the trees. Assured Emma was close, that meant one thing.

They were below the surface.

I'd been to enough rodeos to become familiar with about every sort of possible hole man, beast, or Immortal could wind up in, and I'd be willing to bet, if I could get my hands on a topography map of this area, I'd find a network of underground caves weaving their way below my feet.

Now that I knew where they were, how did I get down there? There had to be some sort of entrance, likely close and definitely hidden exceedingly well. Scum like Troy were hiders; they hid in the shadows, pouncing when their victim's backs were turned.

Starting right where I was, I began combing through each square foot of moss-covered soil, inspecting every ancient tree, investigating every rock outcropping. Nothing.

At this rate, my family would be here before I even pinpointed where Troy was keeping Emma and Joseph. Even if that was the case, I didn't regret my decision to teleport here. I was close, and my body was busy searching, which kept my mind from falling over the ledge of crazy.

An hour passed and, other than a bull moose that wandered by, eyeing me like I was a rabid predator, I hadn't unearthed so much as one scuffed shoe print. I pressed on, because there were no other options. Failure was never much of an option at any point in my life, now most especially.

Coming around a towering outcropping of rock, something caught my eye. Something metallic caught one of the few rays of sun able to penetrate the thick forest and sparkled like a star in the sky. Jogging to it, I plucked the earring from its perch on a moss covered rock. Emma's earring.

One of the tiny gold hoops I'd picked out for her the first night she stayed at my house, when sleep was the last thing on my mind.

The preciseness with where it was placed and the angle of its position told me it was left intentionally. Emma knew I'd come for her and she left me a clue. She was here, close, and something about realizing just how close she was, but I still had yet to find a way to her made me nothing short of crazy.

I'd gone through every last inch of forest floor in the surrounding area and there was nothing to indicate human sized beings could escape into it. I was missing something, wasting precious time.

Smashing my fist into the rock wall, I stumbled forward, barely catching myself.

The rock wall was made of nothing more solid than a loosely tied together bunch of dark colored twigs and sticks covered by moss. Pulling my fist free of where it had slipped through two branches, I ripped the makeshift door aside and there it was. The doorway I'd been searching for. A whole two feet away from where Emma had dropped her earring.

It was as dark as black could be inside, and the air smelt stale and earthy. Stepping inside, I positioned the door so it was halfway open so whenever the rest of the Haywards made their appearance, they wouldn't have to waste an hour trying to find us.

As expected, a trail carved down into the earth, although trail was a generous word for it. The impediments, tight spaces, and pitch black were enough to deter all beings of a Mortal origin and most beings of an Immortal. Had I not known my girl was down here in this twisting maze of rock, I wouldn't have stepped two feet inside.

After I'd snaked my way through about a quarter mile of rock, light began to slowly illume the area. I still had yet to see or hear another soul, but I knew I was getting close. I forced myself to be deliberate with each step, ensuring I wouldn't make even a whisper of noise.

The element of surprise was critical to this mission being successful. I didn't have manpower and I didn't have my sidekick, who was a nuclear bomb at the lightest of touches, so surprise was essential. If anyone on Troy's side saw me before I knew where Emma and Joseph were, I was up a creek.

At last, the trail that could barely fit one man across widened into a cavernous room. Man sized stalagmites and stalactites decorated the vast space, illuminated by handfuls of lights running off the generators I heard humming in the distance. There was a small underground lake, nearly jade from whatever minerals hid inside it. This was another world, hidden below a place that was another world in and of itself. No wonder Paul and Hector came up empty tracking Troy down. How did you find a place that wasn't on the map?

Taking a survey of the room revealed it was empty. There were several other dark tunnels across from me. I had no idea what or who I'd find in any one of them, but decided to go with instinct when it came to selecting one. I'd go for the middle one because it was the most obvious place. Troy would assume I'd know this and select the one to the right or the left to search first, so if the dumbass I assumed Troy was had considered what a dumbass I was in his eyes, Emma and Joseph were somewhere down that middle tunnel.

Not chancing being seen, I teleported from the mouth of my tunnel to the mouth of the center one across the room. It was almost as dark as the one I'd just come from, but it was about ten times wider. I know it was a moot point, but I felt like I could breathe again.

Moving as fast as I could without making a noise, I hurried down the tunnel, wondering when and if it would ever end. The heavy air clung to me, making my clothes stick to my clammy skin.

Another beam of light appeared farther down the tunnel. It grew brighter the closer I got. As I moved closer, I could see it was a flood light situated up on a tripod, shining down on something tucked inside a small alcove in the tunnel. I squinted, not because I needed to see better, but because I didn't want to believe what I saw was real.

The flood light glared down at something. Something set up on display by sick people.

That something was my little brother.

"Joseph," I hissed, rushing to him. He was bound to a steel post, his ankles and wrists tied to it so tightly with hell wire his hands and feet were five shades whiter than the rest of his coppery skin.

Everything except for his board shorts had been stripped from his body, that was the first thing I noticed, but then the lacerations and bruising smattering Joseph's body didn't only catch my attention, they held all of my attention.

"Brother," I breathed, choking on the word when his Joseph smile formed, falling short thanks to the busted open lower lip and both of eyes being swollen shut. Whatever Troy and his men did to Joseph was just short of nearly killing him. Immortals as ancient as we were didn't bruise or cut without considerable force. "What happened?"

"I reckon I'm finally as good looking as you now," he answered, his words coming slow and strained. "I suppose I have Troy and his guys to thank."

Lunging behind him, I grabbed the hell wire binding his wrists, giving it a tug.

"Ahh!" I roared, the wire feeling like it was slicing through the tips of my fingers. "Damn it, Joseph.

I can't get it off."

"And darn it if I didn't just take my trusty clippers I carry with me everywhere out of my pockets yesterday," he replied, his chest heaving as he said the words. I'd never seen my brother this broken, not even as I watched him die. Seeing him now, broken, beaten, and barely holding on, I knew I preferred watching him curled on the earth, grabbing at a bullet wound in his stomach. This kind of suffering wouldn't come to an end.

I gave the hell wire another tug, because I'd never been a quick learner and when my family was involved, I'd never give up. I was ready for the pain this time, so I held the scream in.

"Patrick," Joseph said, looking back at me. "Stop. You can't help me. If they wanted me dead, they would have finished the job. This is just a trap. I'm the trap," he said, his voice breaking.

I started seeing red. Messing with my brothers was one of my seven deadly sins, so whoever had done the messing was dead. Especially when they'd chosen the youngest, best of us Hayward.

"You need to find Emma. She's down here somewhere. I don't know what they're doing, but I've heard her screams." He paused as red bled into the rest of my vision. "Find her, Patrick. I'm sorry I wasn't able to protect her," he said, his head hanging, from the pain or guilt I wasn't sure. "I'm sorry I failed you."

Knowing I could do nothing for Joseph until I could free him of his restraints, I stepped around in front of him. I had to swallow before I could say what I needed to. "You've never failed me, brother," I said, grabbing his shoulders and ducking to meet his eyes. "And you never could, Joseph." He gave a small nod of acknowledgement. "Please tell me Cora isn't on her way here."

"I've got at least a few hours head start on all of them. By the time they finally make it, I'll have every last one of these bastards ten feet under."

"I think six feet is the agreed upon depth for burial," he replied, rolling his shoulders back, trying to relax against the pole.

"Better to be safe than sorry. I'd rather have an extra four feet of earth working to rot their corpses into worm food."

I knew walking away from him like this would be one of the hardest things I'd have to do, but I couldn't do anything for him right now. I prayed I wouldn't find myself just as helpless when I found Emma.

"Go," Joseph said, nodding his head down the hall. "Go get her, Patrick." The ball in my throat made it hell to get any words out. "Joseph, you know I-"

"I love you, too," he interrupted. "Now go kick a little Inheritor ass for the rest of us."

"I'll find Emma, and then I'm coming back for you, and we're all getting the hell out of here," I said, biting the side of my cheek because I was about to turn my back and run away from my brother when he looked close to dying for the second time.

I made it quick, giving him a raw smile before I rushed down the tunnel, feeling everything blur around me as I couldn't seem to get to Emma fast enough now that I knew for certain she was down here.

The vast room was still empty and too silent. They knew I was here; they knew what I was doing.

Maybe this all was a trap, but I didn't care. They had my brother and they had my girl. I'd run into that trap every time.

Choosing the next tunnel over, I teleported to the mouth of it and started charging down the hall. This hall was dark, dank, and everything you'd expect a naturally made tunnel a couple dozen feet beneath the surface of the earth to be like. It made me feel a little claustrophobic, like the walls were coming closer together with each lunge forward. It made me want to turn around and forget I'd ever been in such a place.

But this was also the tunnel Emma was in. I could feel it deep inside the marrow of my bones. So, instead of turning around, I sped up, wondering how deep into the earth I'd get before I found her.

Another mile had ticked off when the tunnel started to widen, opening into another room that was dotted with lights powered by the humming generators. I ran faster because, in the center of that room, illuminated by the harsh lights stationed around the room, was Emma. Tied up to the same kind of metal pole sticking out of the ground Joseph was, gagged, and blindfolded.

I couldn't see a mark on her, nothing that would give away Troy and his band of ruffians had treated her harshly. It took a solid month before the last remnants of the physical damage Ty had done to her had faded away, and if Troy did anything to her to bring those bruises back to the surface, I feared what I would do.

I wouldn't have put it past myself to hunt down every last Inheritor associated in any way, shape, or form with Troy and kill every one of them.

Bursting ahead, Emma's head snapped to attention, like she'd just woken from a bad dream. She couldn't see me because of the blindfold, she couldn't hear me because I sprinted for her noiselessly, but she knew I was here. The lines etched into her face flattened for one moment of relief before they reformed, lining deeper than before.

Twisting against her restraints, trying to squirm free, her mouth moved against her gag. No noise came out other than a muffled grunt. I didn't slow, I couldn't. I was so close to her finally, nothing could stop me. Not even her head thrashing from side to side in warning, as two tears leaked down her cheeks.

I didn't care if an army of Troy's men, tripped out on meth and having a bad day, were waiting to spring out of the crevasses and do unspeakable things to me. No threat I could ever face would cause me to slow when Emma was helpless in front of me.

Biting harder against her gag, two words leaked out around it. One name, followed by one warning.

"Patrick," she managed, moving against the gag like she was trying to bite it loose. "No!" It was too late, even if I heeded her warning-which in this life and the next I wouldn't. I was incapable of it.

I felt the shield right after I noticed who I guessed was the Shielder standing in the shadows. I'd been in one before, but it was so long ago I forgot the strange sensation of crossing through one. They were invisible to the nak*d eye, although if you looked close enough, the borders around them were just hazy enough to give them away, but I wasn't looking anywhere but Emma's face. As soon as I hit the shield, it clung to my body, pulling me through its gelatinous walls until I was trapped inside.

I didn't stop to curse my stupidity-I didn't even pause to note the borders of the shield. I just crossed the final steps towards Emma, ripping the gag from her mouth, forcing myself to move slowly so I didn't hurt her.

"Em," I said, sliding the blindfold over her head, putting on a brave face when, for one of the few times in my life, I felt scared.

"You need to get out of here," she said, her eyes flying around the room like she was waiting for an army to explode out of the rock walls. "Patrick. Go," she said, new tears running down her face.

"Sure, I'll go," I said, grabbing for her wrist restraints. I bit my cheek to keep from screaming out.

More damn hell wire. "Once you and Joseph go with me."

Grunting in equal pain and frustration, I realized I'd just found myself in one of the most hopeless situations I could remember. I had a brother an inch away from death I couldn't free. I was just as useless freeing my girl. And I'd just gotten myself trapped inside the most impressive kind of cage known to Mortal and Immortal alike.

Getting inside the shield was easy; getting out was impossible. The only way out was if the Shielder dropped the shield or if they were killed. Judging from the smug expression on the Shielder who was now stepping out of the shadows to gloat, I guessed neither of those possibilities was on the near horizon.

So, since it looked like neither Emma nor I were going anywhere, I tried to forget where we were, who was holding us captive, and what our futures held. I made myself focus on what I did best and live in the moment.

The moment was the only guarantee we had anyways, Immortality no exception.

"Hi, beautiful," I said, smiling, wrapping my arms around Emma. "Have I told you lately how much you rock my world?"

Emma's worry lines conformed into a smirk. "Even charming in the face of death," she said, leaning her forehead against mine. "How is that possible?"

I ran my hands up and down her bare arms, trying to warm them. "How isn't it?" I said, feigning insult. "Now come here and remind me what those lips of yours do so well," I said, angling my face against hers.

"They can't remember much of anything right now," she said, but her mouth moved towards mine.

The world around us started fading away.

"I can help remind them," I whispered before my mouth covered hers.

And there it was. The world of Patrick and Emma. The one I'd fight to preserve-the one I'd die to spend an hour in. The world I might die for today.

It was a world worth dying for.

Her lips weren't timid like they typically were. Maybe it was because she knew our time was limited too, or maybe because her lips were the only thing she could touch me with, or maybe because Emma was just one hell of a kisser who'd been playing coy. But damn if this kiss wasn't made of the stuff that made men ride to war.

My fingers dug into her waist, fisting at the hem of her shirt. Parting her lips, her tongue played with the seam of my mouth, encouraging it open.

It didn't require much encouragement.

I moaned into her mouth when her tongue slid down mine, teasing it into action. For the first time ever, I felt like a fumbling idiot. Like a twelve year old boy experiencing his first kiss all over again. I didn't know where my hands should go, I didn't know how to move my mouth, I didn't know how to breathe.

And I never knew I could enjoy feeling like a fumbling idiot so much.

"And I thought you were rumored to be some legendary ladies man," a voice broke through the shell of our world. A voice that made me moan again, although it was the anti-pleasurable kind. "That was just plain pathetic."

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Stepping away from Emma, I worked my jaw. "Come inside here, Troy, and I'd be happy to give you a private demonstration of pathetic."

The squat, stocky, no-neck meathead chuckled, crossing his arms, and regarded me like I was a caged animal. And not a caged lethal animal, but something amusing, like a damn meerkat.

"You really are too predictable," Troy said, clucking his tongue and giving a slight nod at the Shielder lurking just outside the shadows.

Panic strangled me as I spun around and lunged back towards Emma. I saw the sheet of haze separating us, but it didn't stop me from charging ahead. Crossing through the shield might have felt like passing through a mold of jello, but trying to escape it felt completely different. I lunged full speed into a steel wall-an electrified steel wall. Crying out in frustration and pain, I had to try it again. Today wasn't a day to put my stubborn resolve up on the shelf.

Taking another lunge at the shield, the impact floored me this time.

Emma screamed as I flew back, Troy laughed at my hang time in the air, and I grunted when my body slammed into the ground after its suspension. This was one hell of a shield and if this was the same Immortal who'd been shielding Troy and his army from Father these long months, he was exceptionally powerful. Which meant he'd been around a while.

When it came to powerful Immortals that had been around the block as many times as me, I preferred them fighting the good fight shouldered up next to me, not smirking at me on the other side.

Because I was incapable of anything else, I smirked right back as I hoisted myself up. The other superb thing about being stuck in this barless prison was that my gift was rendered useless. Just when teleportation would come in handy, I had nothing.

Emma watched me, her face twisted in pain, those green eyes of her brighter in their glassiness.

"Em, listen to me," I said, dusting myself off and approaching her until the shield let me go no farther. We were a painful step apart. "Everything's going to be okay. I'm going to get you and Joseph out of here. You'll be fine, Em."

I knew the words seemed placating, because what chance did I have right now? But I knew enough about myself to know that I was made of the stuff that liked to give impossible a run for its money. I'd been in the opposite corner from impossible plenty of times in my life and I could go ten rounds with it and still be the one to raise my arm in the air at the end.

Emma's lips quivered. "It's not me I'm worried about," she whispered, looking at me like I was lost to her.

I had to look away before that look choked me up, making me useless against whatever was about to come at us. "Don't you worry about me for one second, Emma," I said, wiping my arm across my face. "It doesn't matter how many guys they toss in here at me. I can take them all and eventually, they'll run out," I assured her, watching a group of Immortals emerging from the mouth of the tunnel. "You and me and Joseph are walking out of here together. You hear me, Emma Scarlett?" I was rushing my words now as the men got closer.

I knew the stuff I was made of. I knew the extent of my training and the breadth of my skill. I knew I could handle ten Immortals, holding my own, because I'd found myself in these kinds of situations on an annual basis. However, the one thing that put a hole in my balloon of confidence was the one weakness I had here.

My green eyed weakness staring at me like good bye was on her lips, helpless, fragile, and the one thing that, if threatened, would render me a compliant sucker who'd agree to anything to keep her free from harm.

Emma had become both my strength and weakness, although I felt very little of the strength as two of the stoic faced members of the mini army diverted towards Emma. The others kept coming at me, pressing, one by one, through the shield.

"It's going to take more than eight of your piss poorly trained goons to take me down, Troy," I called out, eyeing each of them coming my way. "In fact, this is going to be fun." I had so much pent up adrenaline and rage, it would be. I needed to outlet it before I exploded.

"Those eight men aren't there to fight you, Patrick," Troy replied, stepping closer to the shield.

"They're there to torture you."

Emma squirmed against her restraints, something that sounded like a curse slipping from her mouth at Troy.

"Yeah. About that," I said, feinting around the shield, positioning myself for the attack. "In order for them to torture me, they'd have to be able to take me down. And that isn't happening." I took in my surroundings, calculating what I could use as my ally against the eight staggering themselves around me.

"Once again," Troy said, a tilted grin sliding into place, "you and I have a difference of opinion." Lifting his chin at the two men stationed behind Emma, his smile moved higher.

The burn of bile in my throat was immediate as my mind caught up with where Troy's demented one had already gone. It didn't matter how many men I could hold off; if I couldn't hold off even one of them from Emma, Troy had won.

And he knew it.

The men on either side of her hadn't even rested a finger on her when I raised my hands in surrender.

"Do what you want with me. I won't fight back. Just don't touch her," I said, keeping my arms up and backing into the circle of men cautiously approaching me. Troy and I might know I wasn't going to fight with Emma threatened, but the eight around me weren't so convinced. "I'll do whatever you want."

"Oh,"-Troy's eyes gleamed-"I know you will."

I shot him a quick glare before turning my attention to Emma. The men had backed away from her, but were still an arm's length away in case I decided to misbehave, I suppose.

Emma's beautiful face was so twisted with pain and worry I choked on a sob. I'd never wanted to see that expression on her face again; I'd made a vow with myself to ensure she never experience the dark rooms of humanity again, but here she was. Smack in the center of the darkest room of inhumanity I could have gotten her.

"Em, don't worry," I said, as one of the guys grabbed one of my arms, twisting it behind my back.

"I'll be fine."

She cried out when my other arm was snatched and twisted down.

"We're walking out of here, baby," I said, reassuring her when I had very little for myself. "Just be brave for me, for a little longer. Okay?"

I watched her, waiting for her to nod her agreement.

She never did.

"And the legendary, fearless Patrick Hayward, it turns out, has one weak spot," Troy said, walking the line outside of the shield. Damn coward. "Lucky for me I've found it." Stopping beside Emma, he lifted his hand and weaved it through her hair.

"Take your filthy hands off her," I spat, surging forward and out of my captors' holds.

Leaning closer, Troy ran his nose down her neck. "Smells sweet. Pure," he said, smiling into her skin. "Too good for you."

"Why don't you stop telling me things I already know? Take your hands off my girl and take three steps back, or I swear to every god in this universe and the next, I will find a way out of this chump shield and snap your neck," I said, my hands clenching.

Troy moved back from Emma's neck, but his hand continued to stroke her hair. "Your idle threats bore me. If you could bust out of there, you would have already, so save me the heroics." A hand clamped over my shoulder, but before its fingers set, I had the poor sap flying over my head before throwing him to the ground. The rock walls surrounding us quaked as clouds of dust burst around the room.

"I've never been one to play the hero," I said, walking over the downed man's chest and angling myself in front of Troy. "But your boys are about to find out why my enemies call me the punisher."

"Because you 'punish?'" Troy said, arching an unimpressed brow.

I shook my head, wanting to tear Troy's hand from his wrist as he continued to weave it through Emma's hair. "Because I don't show mercy."

"Fine. You don't show mercy," he said, untangling his hand from Emma's hair. "Neither will I." Troy's hand blurred, right across Emma's face.

The smack exploded around me, deafening in my ears. Emma didn't even make a sound, but once her eyes reopened, they narrowed at Troy, who stood there, laughing with amusement.

I couldn't stand here helpless any longer, not while my girl had a red hand print spreading over her face.

Gritting my teeth, I surveyed the shield.

What the hell.

Lunging at it, hoping if I hit it hard and fast enough, I could somehow break through its shell, I found out why Shielders were so damn coveted when an Alliance picked one up.

The impact felt like I was getting plowed down by a 747-a high voltage one-and it knocked me back on my ass ten yards back.

Troy's laughter continued. "You really are the dumb one of the family," he said, clapping his hands together. "Come on. Third time's a charm?" he continued, beckoning me towards the shield. "One more for me? Because that was some comedic stuff right there."

Hoisting myself up, I tried to pretend my body didn't feel like it'd just been spit out through a meat grinder. "I can do that all day, Troy," I said, lifting my arms in the air. "In fact, I can do that until your little Shielder over there passes out from exhaustion. And guess who I'm going looking for first chance I'm free?" I pulled my smile tight and crossed my arms.

"Much to my dismay, I don't have all the time in the world," he replied, stepping away from Emma.

Each step farther away from her, the blanket of red blinding me pulled back. "I know the only reason you're here before the rest of your family is because you foolishly teleported here, which means you've got a few hours head start on them. I'm guessing you've already wasted a couple hours trying to locate our cozy little lair beneath the earth, and while I do so much enjoy mixing it up with the Hayward clan, I'm not in the mood to lose any more of my men." Giving his head a nod, the eight men in the shield circled around me. "So we need to finish our business with you and be out of here in the next half hour by my calculations."

"Wow," I said. "You really are as dumb as you look." A few sets of hands grabbed me, but I didn't fight them off like I so easily could have. I'd witnessed what Troy was capable of and willing to do if I didn't obey, and I wouldn't let him take anything else out on Emma.

"And why's that? You think my calculations are wrong?" he said, his eyes glinting as his men herded me to the center of the shield. "They'll be here sooner? They'll be here later?"

"They'll be here when they get here," I answered, "but why you're dumb as the woman who didn't drop you from the rooftops when you were an infant is because you think if you're gone when they get here, they won't come after you." I let my smile widen with my eyes; the effect made me look crazy when I'd tested it in the mirror. "They'll come for you. And they'll find you. And when they do, they'll take out each and every last one of you."

Troy shrugged a shoulder. "Doubtful. But even if they did find us and kill every last one of my men, it would be worth it to know I was the one to end Patrick Hayward." As Troy's eyes gleamed, his band of Neanderthals grabbed firm hold of me, tossing me to the ground, and I got it. He wasn't bluffing.

He intended to kill me.

Now that I knew exactly what was going through that demented mind of his, I felt relieved. Despite knowing his goal was my demise, it was freeing to finally understand the reason for Emma and Joseph being taken and stuffed into the bowels of the earth.

It should be a sobering thought, but it was the opposite, because I knew Troy didn't want them. He wanted me. And now that he had me, maybe he'd let them go since they'd fulfilled his master plan.

"Let her go," I said, looking over at Troy through the space of a pair of legs. I could hear Emma's sobs, like they were going to rip her in half, and I knew I couldn't have her here for what was about to commence. "And my brother too. Have someone take them topside first and you can do whatever the hell you want with me."

Troy chuckled that bloated one of his. "You are in no position, literally, to make demands."

"You and I both know the only reason I'm in this position"-I ran my eyes down my horizontal length-"is due to choice. If I wanted out of this position, it'd be over before you could turn and run away like the coward piece of crap you are."

Troy shook his head, marching back over to Emma with determination written on his face. His hand hadn't even lifted before I cried out.

"NO!"

Troy stopped immediately. Turning towards me, his mouth cut into one side of his cheek. "See? You don't have a choice, so stop making demands, behave, and shut up." I rolled my head back, letting the scream of frustration erupt. I'd never found myself in this hopeless of a situation. Where everything I loved hung in the balance. Where the only way for me to ensure those around me survived was for me to stop surviving. It wasn't death I was scared of-I'd done it once before. Twice would be a cake walk. So it wasn't the dying that twisted my gut into knots-it was what I was leaving behind.

Emma. My family. The future.

It was all about to be blown out, to be scattered into the wind.

"Then get her out of this room," I said, glancing at Emma, whose face was stained with tears, her eyes so wide with fear they swallowed her face. "Don't make her watch this." Stroking his chin, Troy looked between Emma and me. "No, I think not," he said at last. "Her screams joining yours ought to make for some sweet music to my ears."

"You bastard," I spat, leveling a glare on him that was reserved for few occasions as the eight men kneeled beside me. Their hands affixed to me, wasting no time.

My eyes flew to Emma's, who was squirming so fiercely against her restraints, blood began to drip from her ankles and wrists. "Emma," I said calmly, waiting until she stilled. Her eyes locked on mine and she exhaled. "Close your eyes, Em. Don't watch," I said, like I was instructing one of my students.

She shook her head, going frantic again.

"Em," I said, louder. "I love you."

Biting her lip, her shoulders sagged. She looked as defeated as I felt. "I love you, too," she whispered with finality. It was a goodbye.

Now I was going to have to start biting my lip to keep composed. "Then don't look," I said, more like a whisper because I knew if she listened to me, I'd never see those eyes of hers again. I'd looked my last on them.

I was ready.

Turning my head to stare at the ceiling, I ignored the smirks and smiles of the eight glommed on to me. I'd made it through two lives and one death with courage; I wasn't going to let that trait escape from me in my second and final death.

Gritting my teeth, I glared at the black ceiling. "Enough stalling already," I said, my voice strong.

"Get it over with."

"That's one demand I can meet," Troy replied, crossing his arms and watching me through the shield.

Lifting his chin, eighty fingers curled deeper into my flesh.

And then they unleashed the devil.

I clamped my jaw shut, arching my neck to keep the scream contained. I'd felt pain like this before, it certainly wasn't the first time a team of Immortals was intent on taking my life, but I also knew this was it.

The last time anyone would try, because there'd be nothing left of me to try on later.

Emma screamed, the kind that cut through me and went off like a million tiny explosions inside my body. Her cries, combined with the hellfire the team of monkeys around me induced, lit my body on fire, crushing every bone to powder, while shards of glass cut through my veins.

The pain was so scalding, it stopped registering on the pain scale. It was almost like the intensity of it jolted my soul right out of my body. It was like I was watching everything taking place, floating above the poor sap who was violently shaking in pain below.

Then, when I was sure I was about to make the big float into the sky or towards the light or whatever, I was sucked back into my body. But it was a body that felt foreign. The strength, the power, the ability I'd known for the better part of two centuries was gone. I was a shell. A powerless shell that couldn't remember my last death feeling this bad.

The hands pulled back from me, leaving me just enough alive. I groaned, rolling onto my side and curling into myself.

Emma was frantic, but her words were muffled. I couldn't process them, but I still got the gist. I was incapable of offering her any words of comfort because speech was a skill I'd lost several long moments ago. I could barely manage to grunt like a caveman.

Another minute passed and, instead of the pain dulling, it continued to scream through my body at full capacity. I was just dead enough to feel the pain of its onslaught, yet just alive enough to feel every last nerve firing in pain.

"You didn't really think I'd make it easy on you, did you?" Troy's muffled voice broke through my shell. I think I managed to raise a brow in response. "Oh, rest assured. You'll still die," he said, his smile pulling wider when I tried to lift myself and didn't make it more than an inch. "You'll just die slowly." Of course I would. Should have been expecting this turn in the whole Patrick Hayward extermination plan.

I cleared my throat, wetting my lips, forcing myself to speak. Just because I'd never felt weaker didn't mean I had to show it.

"Sounds like a killer good time," I managed, my voice sounding like static coming over a walkie talkie.

"Still making jokes," Troy said, looking down on me with every bit of intention. "Let's see if you still are after round two."

One more tilt of his chin, one more ear splitting scream from Emma, and eight sets of hands got back to work.

This time, my soul stayed firmly planted inside my body. This time, I actually found myself wishing for the release death would bring.

CHAPTER TWELVE

There wasn't a light where I headed. It was black. The kind of dark where my Immortal vision was useless. If I was someone prone to being frightened, I would be scared out of my wits.

But I wasn't. It also helped that somewhere deep in the recesses of my consciousness, I knew this wasn't what the afterlife was made of for me. This wasn't the hereafter, this was the stuck-in-between.

The wrinkle between life and death.

If there was a hell, I couldn't imagine it being a fraction as stifling as this place.

"Enough," a voice called out, breaking through my land of limbo.

I was sucked out of the black void, tossed back into my broken body, the sights and sounds of the world I both wanted to stay in and be released from inundating me.

I'd lost track of what number this was. I lost track after the fourth time those fingers drilled into my body and pulled out whatever life was still firing inside of me. I shouldn't still be alive. It was a physical impossibility. But as every molecule of my makeup cried in agony, I understood why men begged for death. I hadn't begged yet, but I knew I was getting close.

Emma had stopped crying out a few rounds ago. Somehow, every time I resurfaced, I held on to enough mental fortitude to remember her face and what we shared. She was now the veneer of the Emma I knew. That mask to disguise what she felt was back on. The mask I'd worked months to remove and the one I was responsible for sliding back over her face.

"Em," I whispered, the exertion like razor blades slicing up my throat. I couldn't get anything else up. The last word of the billions I'd said in my multiple lifetimes had just been uttered. It was the perfect one to cap things off.

Her eyes slid to mine, but they weren't the same eyes. They were one sheen of glass above lifeless.

If it was possible, I yearned for death even more.

I noticed Troy give another tilt of his chin, but it was lost to the much more impressive sensory stimuli breaking through my limp shell.

A roar. A deep, loud, unmistakable roar. One I'd heard regularly since Nathanial passed through puberty.

They were here.

For the first time since we'd started, Troy's smile fell. Surveying the members of my family charging through the tunnel, he flicked his chin once more at the eight men scrambling up around me.

"Finish the job," he ordered, giving me one last smirk before he blurred away, running in the opposite direction of the Haywards coming for him. A coward to the end.

And there was no debating it was his end. Especially with William, Nathanial, Abby, and Cora, helping Joseph along, so hot on his heels he'd be lucky if he made it to the mouth of the cave.

The eight men surrounding me first looked at each other, then down at me, before their gaze shifted on where Father and Bryn waited just outside the shield. I knew exactly what they were thinking when their faces fell when they focused on Bryn's face.

They knew they were one shield and two seconds away from ending up in the same position I was, although if Bryn got a hold of them, they'd be one degree the other direction.

Bryn lunged forward, making her way towards us, when Father snapped his arm in front of her path, stalling her.

"Don't go in there until the shield is down," he warned, glancing back at the Shielder, who was slowly backing into the shadows again. "Your gift will be rendered useless." Bryn's eyes fell on me, her face twisting like Emma's had earlier, before her sapphire eyes flashed black. "I won't need it," she said, breaking past Father's arm and bursting inside the shield.

Several things took place in the same instant Bryn lunged inside of the shield. I cursed, knowing I couldn't even lift a finger to fight with her, the eight Inheritors faces eclipsed from fear to anticipation as each one realized Bryn was nothing more than an Immortal inside the shield, and Father's gaze shifted towards the Shielder crouching in the shadows.

Bryn's fist had just exploded into someone's jaw when Father lunged across the room. He didn't have to kill the Shielder, he just had to distract him enough that he lost his concentration and the shield went down. Then that impressive little palm to the throat I'd shown Bryn would kill the Immortal instead of just throwing him back a few yards.

I tried pushing myself up. I couldn't even support the weight of my upper half.

"Stay down, Patrick," Bryn warned, driving another fist into the gut of one of the more burly ones.

I tried lifting myself again with about as much success. "Staying down isn't really my thing," I replied, panting from the exertion. A person shouldn't be able to feel this bad and still be alive-there was something metaphysically wrong with that.

Sweeping her foot to the side, she took out the legs of another one. He crashed to the ground, vibrating the earth beneath me. "Well, there aren't enough here for the two of us," she said, ducking as another one threw himself at her. He sailed over her back, torpedoing into the man behind him. "So stay down and shut up."

Bryn was asking for the impossible and she knew it. Staying down was beyond me, but shutting up?

That was like asking me to stop being so damn good looking.

At least I hadn't lost my sense of humor in the eradication efforts.

Heaving myself up, I locked my elbows beneath me, managing to hold the weight of my upper half. I had to grit my teeth to keep from screaming, the pain was that intense, still firing through me like it was trying to singe every last part of me.

"I'll stay down and shut up the day you stop being so bossy," I said, which she didn't hear because it wasn't any louder than a whisper.

Bryn was fending off four at the same time, while the other four were recovering themselves from where she'd knocked them across the room. I'd never felt prouder of a student of mine, and I'd never felt like such a putz. It was an odd mix of emotions.

One of the fallen four was righting himself, shaking his head to clear whatever Bryn had knocked loose, before barreling for her. Murder was written on every plane of his face. Bryn was too distracted by the other four to notice the rhino sized man looking like he wanted to grind her into powder he could scatter into the wind.

He would pass right by me, the wounded, worthless wonder. I couldn't let him get past me. I wouldn't let him.

Inching to the side, I hooked my arm out right as he was racing by, catching his leg. He crashed to the ground face first, hollering in surprise. Demanding my leg to obey me, I managed to lift it high before driving it down into the man's back. It landed with a thud. Not the usual sound my hits made when they connected with the steel like surface of an Immortal, but I'd take it given I'd seen toddlers with better coordination than I had right now.

Bryn had managed to knock two of the four on their asses, so she caught my pathetic, but I was still-proud-as-hell, take down. She just smirked and rolled her eyes before driving another palm into one of their jaws.

But this man's eyes went lifeless before he collapsed to the ground. This one wouldn't be getting up.

The shield was down.

Glancing around, I couldn't see the Shielder or father anywhere. A couple of the Inheritors who were lucid enough to realize their fallen comrade was dead began to back away from the fight.

Unlike their leader, they were smarter than they looked.

Bryn's face was lined with apprehension, twisted with regret, but she didn't stop. She kept fighting, taking another down who would never rise again.

Nathanial suddenly emerged back into the cavern, no one else with him. His eyes landed on me.

"Father said you all might need some help in here," he hollered, rushing over. "But it looks like Captain Destructo has it covered," he added, watching as Bryn charged a third man.

"Get Emma out of here," I said, looking back at her. Her face was still locked behind that anesthetized expression. "Get her somewhere safe and we'll meet up with you once we're finished here." Looking around the room that was getting quieter by the minute, I added, "We shouldn't be long." Pulling a pair of nail clippers from his back pocket, he snapped them open in front of me. "The situations my little brothers find themselves in," he said, shaking his head. "Saving your asses is a full time job."

"You being a pain in my ass is a full time job too," I muttered as he burst up, heading for Emma.

He snapped through her restraints immediately, pulling her into his arms.

"It's all right, Em," I said when she flinched against him. The nothing expression was fading from her face and she looked like she'd just woken up from a dream and couldn't remember what she was doing here. "Nathanial's going to get you some where safe, and then I'll meet up with you in a few." She nodded once, her eyebrows coming together when she took me in.

I smiled. I'd gotten to see those beautiful green eyes again.

"Sure you don't need a hand?" Nathanial asked as he started heading for the tunnel.

"Brother," I said, shifting so I could watch them go, "I could use a brand new freaking body right about now."

"Good luck with that," he chuckled, disappearing into the black tunnel with Emma safely in his arms.

"See you on the other side."

As soon as I stopped being able to hear his footsteps, I collapsed back to the ground. My energy wasn't coming back. Instead, it seemed to be fading away, like a flame blowing in the breeze. I felt one more gust away from being extinguished.

Turning my head, I watched Bryn feint around the last man who hadn't either ran away when all her Taker qualities returned or wound up in a lifeless, crumpled up mess on the ground. It was over before the man even knew Bryn moved on him. He fell to the ground, his face blank and eyes dead.

Bryn scanned the room once, her chest rising and falling with exertion and adrenaline, before her eyes dropped on me. Her eyes narrowed with worry as she rushed towards me, falling on her knees at my head.

"Patrick!" she hollered, grabbing my shoulders and shaking them. "Damn it, you're not doing this." I managed a lopsided smile. "Doing what?" I said, my throat burning with the words. "Dying?" She bit at her cheek, looking away. "You can't die," she said, shifting my head into her lap, still unable to look at me.

"Because I'm Immortal?" I said, realizing how much Bryn had mastered her gift these past months.

She'd gone from being walking death to being able to touch me with tender, non-death inducing hands one moment later. "I hate to break it to you, but Immortal isn't a literal meaning of the word." The other side of her cheek she wasn't biting the hell out of curved higher. "Not because you're Immortal, but because you're so damn ornery. The cantankerous ones never die." And then, as her hands continued to stroke over my forehead, those same hands that had just dealt a death sentence to the four men lying around us, I came up with what was perhaps the most ingeniously stupid idea to date. Since most every idea of mine fit into the ingeniously stupid category, I knew for this one to sit at the peak of the others before it, it had to be especially perverse.

"Change me," I said before I allowed myself to think about it. I didn't need to.

"What?" she said, acting like she didn't know what I was talking about.

"You know what I mean," I said, shifting my head in her lap. "Don't play dumb with me. I'm impervious to it."

"Playing dumb is the only way to respond to someone saying something as dumb as you just did," she replied, smiling tightly at me.

"Make me Mortal, Bryn," I said, trying to sit up. Yeah, sitting up wasn't going to happen. "You can do it. You're the only person who could."

"What?" she said, the skin between her eyebrows pinching. "Please, Patrick Bartholomew Hayward.

Please tell me you're not saying what I think you are."

"Damn right I am," I replied, staring at her without blinking. I needed her to know how serious I was

-how there was no regret or hesitation in them. "Change me."

"What?" she said again, scooting away from me, but not before gently resting my head on the ground.

"You're crazy."

"Why, yes. Yes, I am." I tilted my head back. She was scooting on her backside away from me. That meant she was thinking seriously about my serious request. "Would it help if I said please?"

"Would I be more clear if I said Hell, all the way to Hades, no?" she threw back, her voice a few notes higher than normal.

"Come on, Bryn," I said, making like a snake and trying to slither towards her. Okay, so like a wounded snake. "You know I don't take no for an answer."

Her eye shifted to the side as she took one more scoot back. "You did once." Her voice was a whisper, but it was deafeningly loud.

I cleared my throat, which was more like running razor blades down it than clearing. "Well, once is all I can do," I said. "I won't take any more nos, most of all coming from you." I knew this blow was about as low as they came, but I was desperate. If Bryn, for no other reason than her pent up guilt at choosing William over me, agreed to phase me from Immortal to Mortal, it was worth it.

"Why?" she said, wiping her arm over her eyes, still looking away.

It was a simple answer.

"Emma."

"You're doing this for a girl?" she said, trying to sound insulted.

"Not a girl. The girl," I clarified, working to keep myself calm. If I went all frantic on her, I'd never convince her to do this. At least, not before the rest of my family showed back up, and I already knew not a single one of them would be on board with the whole Patrick Mortalization Project.

Bryn snorted, shaking her head. "You're an idiot."

I smiled, wishing I had worn the shirt. "Positively."

"Patrick," she began, likely about to break into some plea to get me to change my mind, but I lifted my hand to stop her. It didn't matter what Bryn said, I was beyond listening.

I saw the way to give Emma the normal life she'd always craved. I saw the way to spend our days together and, with a little help from the big man in the sky, die in the same decade as the other. I saw a life I wanted.

And it didn't matter the price it would cost to live it.

"Don't look at me like that," I said, sliding closer to her. She was still a good twenty feet away.

"Don't look at me like I'm an immature, ignorant, lovesick chump because you and I both know if our roles were reversed and William was the Mortal you wanted to spend your life with, you'd be on your knees begging me for the exact same thing right now."

Another low blow, but I couldn't back down now. She was caving. Bryn had almost as hard of a time saying no to me as I did to her. Whatever we'd shared in life had melded us together in a way that went beyond friendship. It went beyond the connection of family even. It was almost like our souls both recognized we were mates, matches for the other, but hadn't been joined because we weren't the match for each other. It was a bond I'd cursed until the day Emma Scarlett marched into my life.

Now, it was the bond that would allow me to give Emma the life she deserved.

"Please, Bryn," I said. Well, I begged. "I'd do it for you." Her fists clenched into balls, one of them punching the ground. When her eyes shifted to me, staring right through me, I knew I'd won.

I was already smiling when she said, "Okay."

I collapsed, not sure if the exertion from moving or battling Bryn had exhausted me more. "Thank you."

"You shouldn't thank me when I've got a ninety percent chance of killing you," she said, crawling in my direction. Her eyes were red, but she was keeping the tears contained.

"You won't kill me," I said, resting my eyes. "You like me too much."

"Ha! If liking you has a direct correlation with killing you, then you're toast, buddy."

"I love you too, Bryn," I said, lacing my fingers over my chest, ready for whatever fate had in store for me.

Her hands moved beneath my head, replacing it into her lap. Her fingers hooked into my hair, combing through it. "I love you, too," she said, choking on a sob.

I opened my eyes, looking up at her. She was terrified, beyond every degree of terror I'd ever seen in a person, but she found the strength to smile down at me.

"Ready?" she asked.

No time for losing my iron resolve now.

"Always."

She nodded, weaving her other hand through my hair. Her fingers scrolled over my scalp, like she was trying to read my thoughts. "You're so weak already. They nearly killed you, Patrick," she said, closing her eyes in focus. "I pull too much or too hard from you and I'll kill you instantly." A tear slipped from her closed eyes, which was promptly swiped away with her arm.

"I have faith in you."

She chuckled tightly. "I've never done a reversal before, you know that, right? The only thing I know about reversal is what your father and I have discussed. All theory. No practice."

"You're about to get some practice below your belt then," I replied, for the first time feeling the weight of everything I risked losing attempting this. It wasn't only my Immortality I was giving up-I risked losing my life, my family, Emma, if this didn't go how I hoped.

"I'd rather practice on someone I didn't care about so much then," she said.

"Ah, Bryn. Are we having a moment?"

"Looks like we're about to," she said, her fingers stopping, drilling into my scalp. "Are you sure this is what you want?"

"Yes," I said, gritting my teeth because I knew what was coming. I'd felt Bryn's touch once before and to say it was something I'd never forget was an understatement. A vast one.

Her face morphed from terror to determination. The lines of her forehead drilled with concentration.

She could do it. I knew she could.

"See you on the other side," she said, leaning down and kissing my forehead.

"See you there," I replied, putting my Immortality and Mortality in Bryn's hands.

The instant the shocks of pain radiated through my body, I realized this wasn't one of my better moments, but as the life started streaming out of my veins, I also knew it was one of my best moments too.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

I knew I was close. More on the side of dead than alive. I could sense that as I watched Bryn's face screwed in concentration, but I was past the point of vocalization. I was long past the point of movement and about two seconds away from cognition altogether.

The pain was so scalding, it crossed the realm of pain into something else completely. As the life drained from me, sucked away by the first girl I'd ever loved, the face of the girl I'd love for the rest of eternity-no matter where I spent it-was the only thing my mind clung to. I clung to her face with such ferocity Bryn's face began to morph above me. Her dark brown hair lightened, falling in gentle waves over her shoulders. Her sapphire blue eyes grew larger, taking on the unique shade of green that was all Emma's. Her skin lightened in color, a smattering of freckles dotting her nose.

As I knew my eyes were about to close for the last time, Emma's face shone above me, smiling down at me. I saw the life I wanted in her eyes, the life I'd waited two centuries for, and the life I had to let go.

I winced, trying to summon whatever strength I had left to say farewell. To say the only thing there was left to say. To say what I should have always known I'd have to one day say to the fiercest, most fragile girl I knew.

Something worked its way up my vocal chords. "Good-" I stammered, the last word lost as I lost myself.

I slipped into a black void, getting sucked into it until I was nothing, had been nothing more, and wouldn't ever be more than the void swallowing me into its depths.

And then, when the dark was blackest, when no light could cut through its depths, I was snapped out of it. Like the arms of god himself had reached down and found me, pulling me back.

My eyes burst open as my lungs gasped for breath. My lungs gasped for breath.

Because they needed oxygen. Because those lungs would require oxygen every day until I died. What was the average lifespan of a man these days? Seventy? Eighty?

Who the hell knows, and besides, it was a little late to be concerned about these kinds of details.

I was Mortal.

I could feel it thundering to life inside of me. My heart beat with intention, with a purpose now, no longer out of pattern. My breath came regularly, delivering oxygen into my bloodstream. My skin crawled with sensation, feeling... cold. I felt cold, chilly. I hadn't felt cold or hot like this in two centuries.

A face leaned over mine, a shaky smile decorating her face. Bryn looked like she was in worse shape than I imagined what I looked like. The upper half of her face was still lined in terror, but the lower half was relaxing into relief.

"That better not have been good bye you were trying to get out, you stupid, stupid boy," she said, her voice wavering as she worked her fingers out of my hair. She lifted them in front of her, surveying them like she couldn't believe what they were capable of.

I cleared my throat, not because it felt like I was choking on razors, but because it was dry. Parched even. "Would you believe me if I told you I meant that to be a good job?" I asked, my voice not as smooth as it had been, my ears no longer digesting it with pitch perfect precision.

"I'm going to choose to play the blissfully ignorant person right now and answer yes, I would believe you," she replied and this time when another tear escaped from the corner of her eye, she didn't wipe it away.

"Thank you," I said, lifting my arm and grabbing one of her hands she still held in front of her eyes. I wove my fingers through hers and gave it a squeeze. I actually had to exert force to squeeze them. Bryn's hand no longer felt like soft flesh to my touch-it was hard, unforgiving, like I was squeezing heated metal.

"Thanks for not dying," she replied, her voice evening out as one more tear ran down the other cheek.

"Ehhh," I said, waving my hand. "I knew I wasn't going to die." She smirked down at me, always able to see through my BS. "Why's that? Because you know the stuff you're made of?"

I lifted myself up and twisted to face her. My body ached, one leg felt all tingly with numbness, and I was pretty sure at least one of my fingers was broken from Bryn's hulk strength fingers gripping mine. But damn if I'd never felt better in my life.

"Nah," I said, running my fingers through my hair. At least that had retained all its prior glory. "It's because I know the stuff you're made of."

"I see Mortality hasn't affected your bloated charm," she said.

"Only enhanced it," I replied, winking.

Without warning, Bryn started sobbing, curling into herself and choking on sob after sob that released itself. Bryn disdained showing weakness almost as much as I did. In fact, I couldn't recall ever seeing her this distraught.

"Come here," I said, pulling her to me. Her body rocked against mine, each sob vibrating over me, each tear dampening my shirt.

"I thought I was going to kill you," she choked out, shaking her head against me.

"Yeah, you were pretty close," I replied, running my hands through her hair, trying to calm her. "But you didn't. That was some pretty impressive stuff for someone who's only trained in theory." She sniffled into my shirt. "Good thing for you I'm a quick learner."

"Good thing for you," I replied, patting her back as her crying dimmed. "Because if you had, you'd miss out on all this greatness. A girl might be able to go without food for ten days, but she can't make it even one without looking upon this kind of exquisiteness."

She laughed into my shirt. "Instead of firing back what I'm biting back, I'll just agree and admit it's nice to still have you here in all your lack of self-confidence."

"We're making progress, Mrs. Hayward," I said as she leaned away from me. She was a blotchy, red-faced mess. "Are you okay? All done sobbing the alphabet?" She nodded, wiping at her face, which only made it redder.

"Good. Because you are a really ugly crier," I teased. "We're talking world record setting here." She swatted at me, rolling her eyes. That swat that wouldn't have registered on the sensation scale two minutes ago knocked me over.

"Ooo, sorry," Bryn said, grabbing my arm and pulling me back up. "That's going to take some getting used to."

I grunted, dusting myself off. "You're telling me."

Laughing, she wiped something off my face. Thankfully, with restraint. "What are you going to tell everyone?"

"The truth."

"Which is?" she asked, appraising me like she wasn't sure I was the same Patrick Hayward I'd been minutes ago.

I was.

And I wasn't.

I grinned at the floor. "You tried to kill me." I looked up, flashing my grin at her. "And failed." She shoved me again, but she didn't send me flying this time. "You shouldn't mess with someone that could break you like that," she said, snapping her fingers.

"Even before I was a man in all my Mortal splendor," I said, shaking my hair into place, "you could have broken me any day of the week, Bryn."

"Good point," she said, glancing back at the tunnel behind us.

"Excellent point," I clarified, following her gaze. I couldn't hear a thing-I couldn't hear the flap of a bat's wings half a mile down that tunnel any more-but what I'd gained was worth what I lost.

"Your father's going to be furious," she said, popping up and positioning herself in front of me. It was a protective stance. I wasn't used to being the one who needed protection. "And William's going to be-"

"And William's going to be smitten," I interrupted, hoisting myself up beside her. I wasn't going to sit on my ass and let a girl stand guard. "Like he always is. He could run in here and find us making out like a couple sexpots and he'd forgive you."

"I doubt that."

"I don't," I said, sliding my hands on my hips. My thumb skimmed raised skin just beneath my shirt.

An old scar. The bullet hole that had killed me. Scars, bruises, cuts, and scrapes: they were realities of my world now.

"Are you serious?" she said, glancing at me as I pulled my shirt free of my pants so I could, for the first time, see the scar of the wound that had ended my Mortality. Her eyes landed on the scar that was positioned right over the lower half of my abs, just above my belt line. Her cheeks flushed just barely.

"No, I'm not serious," I said, turning to face her full on to see how much redder I could get that face of hers. "But I can see you are. Unfortunately for you, I'm no longer on the market. No longer at your beck and making out call. Sorry, Bryn. You should have picked the other brother when you had your chance." Her eyes narrowed and this time, when she shoved me, I stumbled halfway across the room.

"Cover up and stop being an ass," she said, turning away from me. "They're almost here." Just barely glancing over her shoulder, she added, "And you better have one hell of an explanation for them because I'm no longer on your side on this one."

Once I'd gotten control of myself, I strolled back over to her. "Becoming Mortal didn't make me stupid"-her eyes flashed my way-"-er. Stupider," I clarified. "I can still tell when you're lying because, let's be honest, an amoeba could call BS on your lies." Her glare grew more pronounced, but she didn't dispute it.

"Come on. You and I are always on the same side. That's the only way the universe works," I continued, nudging her. I dodged the elbow she returned. "I'm the black sheep of the family and you're the grim reaper. By default, we're always on the same side."

"Well, black sheep, here comes the rest of your herd." Stepping forward, Bryn angled herself in front of me again.

I was over the whole girl protecting the boy thing. Besides, what in the hell was she protecting me from? A power noogie from Joseph? It didn't matter how much of a weakling Mortal I'd become, I could still take that grinning idiot.

"Mind telling me what you're trying to guard me from?" I asked, shouldering up beside her, watching as each member of my family trickled back into the room. They were all accounted for, save for Nathanial, who had surely made it topside with Emma by now. None looked wounded or even slightly injured. In fact, no one had a tear in their clothing or a clump of hair out of place to give away they were just in some small grade Immortal battle.

"Want to know what I'm protecting you from?" Bryn asked, stiffening as they all ran towards us.

"The boogie man?"

She let out a short sigh before she thrust herself in front of me. "This!" she shouted, blocking me as Joseph hauled ass in my direction. Throwing her hands into his chest, she stilled him in his tracks. The unexpected transaction stopped everyone else as well.

"Have you gone mad, Bryn?" Joseph said, his face dropping into confusion as he backed away from her. He was still shirtless and banged up, but his body was making quick work of healing his wounds.

William loped up beside her, looking just as confused, but as predicted, smitten.

"Listen, I know you're excited to see your brother. Alive," she added, smirking back at me. "But he's in something of a fragile state right now, so bear hugs, rough housing, or anything else of a physical nature you knuckle heads participate in at every chance needs to be sidelined."

"Patrick. Fragile?" Joseph said, looking at me, his forehead creasing. "How bad? How long?" Bryn cleared her throat, glancing up at William.

"I'll speak up here and confess I will be in something of a somewhat fragile state for a while since I'm a..." I rubbed the back of my neck, not sure how to lay this out there. Sugar coating was never my thing and wasn't ever going to be; I laid it all out there.

Lifting a shoulder, I looked each member of my family in the eyes. "Since I'm a Mortal." Joseph laughed, William following right behind.

When I didn't join in, they both stopped mid-note.

The silence that ensued made me come close to squirming for the first time.

"You're Mortal." Father was the first one to speak, as expected, and neither his voice nor his face gave away any emotion. He could be epically pissed or totally copacetic with the whole thing.

"So they tell me," I said, lifting my arms and doing a spin for everyone.

"Why?" Another emotionless question from Chancellor Hayward.

Wait, I wasn't Immortal any more. He didn't have anything to be Chancellor of over me. I could have danced a jig if everyone wasn't still staring at me like I was a leper.

"I saw the opportunity and I took it," I answered, leaving Emma out of it. For now. My guess is my family already knew why, but I didn't want five sets of eyes to turn in accusation on her the moment they saw her. They had to know this was my decision. My own.

"How?" Father asked, crossing his arms and studying the ground. Okay, he was pissed. He was actually having to work to stay composed.

I didn't want to rat Bryn out, but really, the answer should be glaringly obvious. I was dying. Almost gonezo. Everyone left. Bryn stayed behind. I was Mortal when they came back.

A should lead to B should lead to Bryn.

Scratching the back of my head, I studied the ceiling. "A miracle?" Weak, Hayward.

"I did it," Bryn said, her voice soft as she shouldered closer to me. "I changed him." The heads that were trained on me snapped a foot to the right, landing on her. She didn't even squirm as we met another round of silence.

"You performed an unauthorized reversal on a member of my Alliance?" Father's eyes lifted, narrowing in on Bryn.

Now she squirmed.

William came forward, dropping an arm around her waist and lining up with the two of us.

One down, five more to go.

"Yeah. That member of your Alliance also happens to be your son," I said, not disguising my sarcasm. "And that member of your Alliance would have died had Bryn not agreed after copious amounts of pleading, begging, and sobbing to reverse me." I crossed my arms, looking at her from the side. She was already stronger with William beside her. "So take out whatever anger you have on me." Father's eyes closed as he rubbed a hand over his eyes. "Son," he began, "I'm not angry with anyone. I'm sad." He paused, his jaw tightening. "I'm mourning the son I will one day lose. Forgive me for needing more than a few minutes to get past this."

Not pissed. Sad. Mourning, even.

It turned out my father could still, after generations, surprise me.

"I think we all know, whether I was Immortal or Mortal, you would have one day lost me," I said as Joseph, in all his battered glory, sauntered up to me, grinning like the fool he was. "At least on this side of the finite, my perception of my invincibility will taper down a few notches, so I might actually live to die of natural causes."

Looping an arm around my neck, Joseph pulled me to him carefully. It was the first time ever Joseph was stronger than me.

"Come here," he said, patting me on the back, his embrace so careful you would think he was handling a house of cards.

"Yeah," I said, thumping his back. It was hard and unforgiving as steel. Man, is that what I'd been like? "Me too, little brother," I said, filling in the silent blanks.

"You're madder than a hatter, but I love you, too," he replied, his eyes glassy when he pulled back.

Emotional sap.

After Joseph, William pulled me tight, being less careful because he knew. He got it. Just because I was the resident weakling now didn't mean I wanted to be treated like it. From there, I lost track of who and how long each of my family members pulled me to them, whispering and weeping words I wasn't able or ready to process yet.

I still hadn't gotten used to the idea I couldn't see more than fifty feet before things started to blur.

"So," Father turned to Bryn after letting me go, his face lining, "you were able to manage a successful reversal on the first try. Putting aside the fact that your guinea pig was my son, I'm going to admit that is exceptionally impressive."

"I wasn't a guinea-" I started, but Bryn flashed her hand in front of me.

"Yes. I nailed it on the first try," she said, meeting Father's gaze. Bryn was never exactly the pinnacle of self-confidence, so to see her now, putting on her big confident girl panties, had me feeling like a proud guinea pig. "I single handedly undertook the first successful reversal in the history of Immortality. And, for the books,"-she glanced my way, tilting her chin in acknowledgment-"it is also the last. I will never do that again. So no one had better ask." William's face was as blank with shock as mine was, as Father's was. Well, as everyone's was.

Bryn "No Nonsense" Hayward.

Finally.

Father nodded, looking one part disappointed to two parts proud. "Understood." Who knows what else, if anything else, was said because, despite being unable to hear her running towards me from a half a mile away, or catch the scent of her on the air, or see her coming through that blackest of black tunnels, I could sense her.

In that place that we always took with us, both in Mortality and Immortality. That place that could feel her no matter if I was blind and deaf and toeing the line of death.

Spinning around, I weaved through my family, jogging towards the tunnel.

"What?" Nathanial shouted, throwing his hands up in the air. "You all have been down here having a family powwow while we sat on our asses the better part of an hour waiting for you fools? Last time I do a favor for you, brother," he shouted as I ran past him.

"Patrick's a Mortal, you insensitive ass!" Cora shouted behind me. "We were kind of indisposed.

Sorry we couldn't attend to you like the baby you are."

Nathanial froze in place, gaping at me.

I flashed him a grin and a wink before closing the last few feet between Emma and myself. I didn't have to worry about being careful with her anymore. I threw myself against her, pulling her into my arms and swinging her around until I was certain I was going to keel over from being dizzy.

"What's this about you being Mortal?" she whispered into my ear.

"Yeah. Sorry about that," I said, not letting her go. "I'm going to get old. Ugly, possibly. Hairy, pasty, and saggy. But when we're ancient and you're trying not to gag into your fiber when you look at me across the table, just remember I did it all for you, baby. Well, and remember what a fine piece of ass I used to be."

She laughed softly, tucking her face into my neck.

"Why?"

"For you," I replied. "Obviously."

"I'm not sure whether to kiss you or slap you."

I was sure.

"Then why don't you just go with the whole kissing me thing then?" The tip of her nose skimmed across my cheek until her mouth was just above mine. Enough stalling.

Not enough kissing.

I crushed my mouth into hers, not able to control what I was doing. There was urgency and there was passion, but there was also patience and restraint. As her hands weaved through my hair, kissing me back so hard I was certain I was thirty seconds away from passing out due to oxygen deprivation, I knew this wasn't only the best kiss I'd ever experienced, but a first kiss. The handful of girls I'd kissed my first go at Mortality, and the countless slew of girls I'd kissed my way through Immortality, faded away-carried off by the wind. It was freeing in a way I couldn't have imagined.

Only because I knew the black and white static trickling into my peripheral vision was the first stage of fainting, I broke away from the kiss of my life.

"Are you okay?" we said in unison after I set her back down, both of us as breathless as the other.

I didn't answer, waiting for hers.

She nodded. "I'm good. Great, now," she said, lifting her hand and running it down my cheek. Her touch, the simple skimming of a hand down my flesh, confirmed just how right the decision I'd made was.

"You?"

"Em," I said, folding my hand over hers, "I've never been better." The skin between her brows creased as she studied me, investigating my face and body for the signs of damage that were there earlier. "I thought I'd lost you," she said finally, swallowing hard.

"You couldn't lose me if you wanted to," I replied, stepping closer. I didn't care that my family was an audience to this; I hardly even realized they were there.

"No," she said, smiling, "I doubt I could."

"You couldn't."

"Your eyes," she said, fanning her finger through my eyelashes. "They're green. Kind of like mine." I'd forgotten the color of the eyes I'd been born with. Green like the grass of Ireland my mother had referenced when she spoke of all her children's eyes.

"Yeah. Kind of like yours."

Her smile curved higher. "So, bad guys are taken care of. You're out of prison-for now," she said, nipping the corner of her lip. "What's next?"

Just the segue I needed.

"Marriage," I said immediately. "And babies. Lots and lots of babies." Her face went a shade lighter, but other than that, there were no other signs of shock or doubt on her face. "Is that all?" she said, quirking a brow.

"Not exactly," I said, tilting my mouth into her ear, "but I'd be happy to go over the rest of what I've got in mind with you later. When we're alone." I kissed the skin just below her ear before leaning back.

She was giving me the sexiest combination of a smirk and a smile. "Was that your way of asking me to marry you?"

"Damn straight it was," I replied.

She shook her head, smiling at the ground. "Of course it was."

"Was that your way of saying yes?"

She stilled, pausing. I had one moment of panic before she lifted her eyes into mine. The eyes that were alive again.

"Damn straight it was."

EPILOGUE

When you can count the number of decades you have left on your hands, one goes by fast. Too fast.

When you realize that one day you'll have to leave the ones you love most behind, you love them with precision and intention.

When eternity is no longer a reality, life is that much more beautiful.

"Hey, old man!" the youngest Hayward brother called out. "You going to rub some ointment into your aching bones or are you going to play?"

I popped up from the porch swing, keeping my preferred reply to myself as I knew young ears were close by.

"I just wanted to give you all a chance to warm up before I came out and made you suffer," I called back, hopping down the front porch stairs. Dodging an obstacle course of lawn toys, a precariously positioned pair of tiny roller skates, and one tricycle laying on its side, I loped over to the patch of lawn where my brothers had erected a volleyball net.

"Patrick!" Joseph hollered from the other side of the net. "Think fast!" I snatched the volleyball flying at my head out of the air. Popping my face to the side of it, I arched a brow at Joseph.

"The cat-like reflexes are strong with this one," he said, making a face.

"That's because daddy is like a magical fairy prince," the white haired girl with Emma's unnaturally large eyes said from atop her Uncle William's shoulders.

All three of my brothers laughed. "Magical fairy indeed, Julia," Uncle Nathanial said in between his laughter.

I smiled at my second born, blowing her a kiss and flapping my arms the rest of the way into the court.

"What do you think, Gray?" I said, ruffling my son's hair. My first born, who was almost six years old, on the outside looked like his mama, but his insides were all his daddy. "You think we can take them all?

Gray studied the court on the other side of the net, his brows drawn together, before the exact smile that was on my face formed. "We can take them."

"Your son's lack of confidence is just sad," Joseph said, winking at Gray. "Your ball, buddy." I held my hand out for him to high five as he passed by, walking ceremoniously back to the service line.

"Yay, Gray!" Julia cheered from across the net, clapping her tiny hands before adjusting the crown of wildflowers she'd made with Aunt Bryn earlier. "Go, Gray!"

"Ready?" he asked, in position as he looked over at me.

I tried not to smile my amusement. My little man, acting like this impromptu game of yard volleyball was the game of the year. "Show 'em what you got, son."

Inhaling, he lowered his shoulders before launching the ball over the net.

I hooted over his serve as my three brothers put on a good show on the other side of the net, tripping, fumbling, and bumping the ball back and forth. Finally, Nathanial "missed" the ball and the point was ours.

"The boy's a volleyball prodigy," Nathanial said, grinning across the net at Gray, whose face was shining from his smile.

"Hey, volleyball players!" Julia, the original, purple boot wearing one, called out, "Time to refuel.

Dinner's on and I've been instructed to warn you if you're not at the table in two minutes, there might not be anything left. Four hungry Scarlett brothers are circling the table like a flock of vultures as we speak."

"Thanks, Jules!" I replied, grabbing Gray and tossing him over my shoulder.

"Oh, and Namesake Number One and Namesake Number Two?" She paused inside the door, smiling between Julia and Gray. "Auntie Abigail said she made you each something special." Bouncing her brows, she disappeared back inside.

"Honey rolls!" they both cried out in unison, scrambling down from William's and my shoulders.

"Come on, Julia!" Gray called for his sister once he was on the ground, holding out his hand for her.

Holding her two sizes too big princess dress, she adjusted her crown and ran as fast as her three year old legs would carry her.

Running by me, she suddenly paused and turned. Her smile was all teeth as she threw herself at my leg, wrapping both arms around it. "I love you, daddy."

The other thing about Mortality? It choked me up a lot more than Immortality had.

Clearing my throat, I brushed her hair back from her face. "Love you too, baby girl." As quickly as she'd latched onto me, she unlatched, completing the journey towards her brother, who was still waiting patiently.

"Make sure you two wash your hands before you sit down," I called after them as Gray held her hand up the stairs.

"Okay, dad," he called back, opening the door for his sister.

"You want us to retrieve your cane for you, old man?" Nathanial said, coming up beside me.

I matched his smirk with one of my own.

"Bite me."

"I'm going to get some of that grub before you get your greedy hands on it," he said, shouldering by me. "See you inside."

"He's just jealous because you've aged ten years and you're still better looking than him," Joseph said, spinning the ball on his index finger.

"Far better looking," I clarified.

"Yeah, yeah. Let's have this same conversation in twenty years and see if you can say the same," he said, firing the ball at me. I snapped it out of the air like it was second nature. I might not be Immortal any more, but I was still pretty bad ass.

"Just because, for the first time ever, you ugly brutes will one day be better looking than me doesn't mean you have to rub it in," I said, slapping Joseph's back as he passed by. "That day will only come when I've been six feet under for a good six years."

Joseph chuckled his way inside the house, shaking his head.

"After you," William said, shouldering up beside me, "Dr. Hayward." I slid him a smile from the side. Damn doctors in this family. It was like we were cursed with the M.D. plague. After some impressive papers and documents that might not be exactly on the up and up were created, I enrolled back in school after finishing out my prison sentence which, thanks to a talented Mindtrapper, not a single soul recalled me missing from prison for that half a day when I'd gone looking for Emma and Joseph. And, because getting my bachelor's wasn't enough, I went all the way. Patrick Hayward, M.D.

Yeah, I hadn't seen that one coming either.

Emma'd gotten her teaching degree and juggled thirty first graders for a few years while I finished med school before Gray was born. After that, she still taught, just not in the typical classroom environment. I learned something new from my wife of almost ten years on a daily basis.

"I'll meet you inside," I answered, nudging my brother.

William nodded his acknowledgment, making his way inside. He got it when I wanted, or when I needed, to be alone. I'd found in Mortality, life became so busy, too much of it passed me by without taking the time to really revel in the moment. To reflect on the beauty of the finite.

Just as he was stepping inside, William glanced back at me. He was still smiling, but it was his eyes that gave him away. They were just enough sad to give away what he was thinking. They were thinking of goodbye.

A goodbye that didn't seem so far off to someone who would live an eternity. I'd received a lot of those looks from my family since I'd taken on this new life. The genuine smiles capped by the sad eyes. I understood it though, because the thought of saying goodbye got to me too.

But it never got to me so much that I regretted my decision. In exchange for a limited number of years, I'd gained a new family. A wife who still looked at me like I was her own personal hero. A son who was so much like me I could predict what he was going to say and do next before even he did. And a daughter that was so beautiful to look at, I found myself just staring at her after we'd tucked her into bed at night.

It was a life worth exchanging an eternity for.

I stayed there, straddling the lawn, for a while. Watching my family flitting past the windows until everyone was seated around the dinner table and eating and laughing with equal fervor. Everyone I loved was sitting inside the house Emma and I'd built-with the help of three Immortal brothers-here on the back forty of the Hayward commune after deciding Montana was the place we wanted to raise our family.

It was the place I'd lived for close to two centuries with my blood family. It was the place I'd raise my children. It would be the place I'd be buried.

It was still a sobering thought, but one I was getting used to.

"Okay, what have you done with my husband?" Emma's voice called from the porch, smiling at me as she walked down the stairs.

I quirked a brow.

"My husband, the one I married, would be the first one seated at that dinner table, fork in hand," she replied, her summer dress shifting with the breeze. Ten years hadn't aged Emma. They'd only made her more beautiful.

"I just wanted a minute to think," I said, kissing her temple and pulling her under my arm.

She exhaled, rolling her head onto my shoulder, staring through the same window I was. "I need a minute too."

We stood like this, in silence, for more than a minute. For more than ten even. Just enjoying the moment, the warmth from one another, and the best view in the world.

"Em?" I said as twilight started to make its debut.

"Yeah?"

"I love you."

She kissed my neck. "You couldn't make that clearer if you tried, Doctor," she said into my ear.

A shiver ran up my back. Ten years together and the woman could still make me tremble with the lightest of touches. "You know it makes me all hot when you call me doctor." Swatting my backside, she glanced back at me as she made her way back up the stairs. "I know," she said, raising a brow. "So let's rush every one out of here, get the kids tucked into bed, and forget about the dishes until tomorrow."

"Sounds like my kind of night," I said as Emma went back through the screen.

"Don't keep us waiting," she called out, "birthday boy."

I groaned my acknowledgment.

I was thirty today, well, sort of.

I'd given up an eternity ten years ago for a woman. For a woman that would give me the family I never imagined I'd have. For the woman who, even in my darkest of nights, could pull me back into the light with one word.

An eternity was nothing when you couldn't spend it with that person. They were just days unfolding one after the other.

I might have a limited few now, but I was making each one count. Each day spent with her, with them, was worthy of an eternity.

THE END

