Prologue - The Fates

"How could this have happened?"

The four ethereal creatures encircled their game board-an enormous bowl-like structure-and watched the aftermath unfold within the image pool. Though there was no longer a need for physical form after sending the sorceress and human back to their crumbling world, the Fates maintained the angelic illusion for the time being, their white gowns and gossamer wings fluttering in a nonexistent breeze.

There was nothing angelic about their kaleidoscopic eyes, though, as three sets skewered Incendia, ripe with accusation.

"What have you done?" Terra's shrill voice screeched through the vast nothingness, her civil demeanor for the human a facade. The Fates were far from civil.

Rage ignited the God of Fire's wings, the flames lashing out in every direction. "How could I possibly have done this!" he bellowed, throwing his hand at the image. None of them were capable of this. None of them would ever want to do this.

They watched in horror as the girl's eyes came into focus, as their magic coursed through her body. His player in the game-his "child"-had finally been granted her desperate wish to be immortal.

Only this is not what the Fates had granted her.

"Do you know what will happen if she discovers what she can do?" A'ris trilled, more in panic than anger. Of course, that was a rhetorical question. They all knew what would happen.

She would undo everything.

They couldn't allow that.

In a much calmer manner-they were all in this together-Unda stated, "We must hope that the full extent of her powers remains lost to her."

"Yes. She must remain in the dark," Incendia spoke as if passing a verdict. "And, if she does not ..." He reached down to pick up the tiny green and blue sphere from the pedestal. Holding it up between his thumb and index finger, he detected the extreme fragility of it. Just a little pressure and it would dissolve into powder. "Then we shall have to interfere."

As appointed wardens, they were not permitted to stop a game from running its course. But they had also never faced such meddling in their choices before. Why would they be meddling now?

"We still have Terra's player. We can demand an audience and request that she end this problem," A'ris said, slightly calmer.

"I do not trust that she will comply," Terra admitted. "She is irrational when it comes to that girl."

"We will have to convince her otherwise." Incendia placed the tiny world back on its pedestal.

All four heads nodded in silent unison, the unspoken question of why this was happening-why they were trying to ruin them-still heavy in the air.

Chapter One - Evangeline

"Why do you keep staring at me like that?" Why was everyone staring at me like that?

Caden's feet stalled as he regarded me for an intense moment, the silent internal argument visible behind his jade eyes. A large, feathery snowflake landed on the furrow between his brows, holding its unique design for only a second. More snow fell from the cover of clouds above to join the thick white blanket already on the ground. "No reason," he finally said. "You just ... look different."

"Isn't that what happens?" I asked with apprehension. I certainly saw the difference in Veronique and Julian the second I woke up, imperfections I hadn't noticed before smoothed over. By the lingering gazes of Caden, Sofie, and the others, I knew they weren't the only ones. I had also gone through a visible transformation, becoming an immortal. But exactly how different, that remained the question. Given the cement mine was full of nothing but old tracks and broken wood, it would be a while before I found a mirror to see for myself.

"Yeah, it's just ..." He paused, his eyes roaming my face. "It's nothing."

A spark of panic ignited. "It's obviously not nothing, Caden. Is it bad?" Reaching up, my fingers grazed over my nose, my cheeks, my mouth. They felt slightly off as compared to the face I'd known for eighteen years-the ridge on my nose more flush, my top lip fuller-but they were all still there.

So, what could it be? Did the Fates curse me with pointed ears? Horns?

"What are you doing?" Caden's eyes trailed my hands with a mixture of amusement and curiosity as I sized up my features.

"Nothing," I mumbled, laughing at myself.

Caden roped his arm around my waist. We picked our way through the snowy path, my eyes scanning the woods, taking in the snowy graveyard of rusted tools and dilapidated wooden sheds. We were less than two hours away from a bustling metropolis, but one would never know it, the quiet almost eerie.

"This reminds me of Ratheus," I murmured.

"There was no snow in the jungle, Eve." Caden's arm tightened around me, though not to provide warmth, even in the frigid December temperatures.

Because I would never be cold again.

Even as the thought circulated through my head, as I experienced the reality of it, trekking through two feet of snow in nothing but a light knit shirt, it still didn't register.

"I meant this decaying state," I countered. This cement mine had long since been abandoned. Now time was challenging it, leaving rubble in its wake. According to Sofie, it made the perfect "safe house" for us. "Do you think this is really necessary? Wouldn't it make more sense to be in New York City right now?"

"Not until we have a good grasp of where the witches are, where Jonah is. Where Viggo is." Caden's teeth cracked with that name, his hatred for the ancient psychopath only amplified after witnessing Viggo break my neck. "No one will expect us to be holed up in a place like this. It's exactly what we need right now. Besides, I have a feeling we'll be back in the city before long." He paused, hesitating. "Evangeline, about that ..."

Caden's mouth twisted. "We should make good use of the time that we have here." I had the distinct impression that he wanted to say something else, but his mouth suddenly pressed against mine in a hard kiss. And, just as suddenly, he took off, his lean, strong body carving soundlessly through snow banks and brambles.

With barely a thought, I chased after him, my new muscles flexing as I sailed through the snow, my eyes and reflexes working in tandem to avoid tree trunks and bushes. I didn't see how I would ever get over the thrill.

I closed the distance in time to watch Caden scale a vertical wall of rock, some thirty feet tall. A row of arched openings lined the bottom, blocked off by iron gates, likely to keep the less cautious trespasser from climbing in. He perched himself on the edge, legs dangling over the top. Even from down here, the bluish-green of his eyes sparkled like jewels buried in snow.

"Are you gonna leave me up here alone?"

"You make that look so easy." I surveyed the wall again. The far right side had already collapsed into a heap at one point. Holes mottled the surface where chunks of stone had tumbled down.

"It is that easy." He leaned forward, a hand beckoning me, a sly smile on his face as three more hunks thudded to the ground. "Come on. It's a nice view."

My new sinewy muscles propelled me upward so fast that the stone didn't have a chance to crumble beneath my weight. In seconds I was next to Caden, his arm slung over my shoulder while we gazed out over the quiet valley and the streak of pink across the dusking sky.

"You're right. It is a nice view."

I couldn't believe it. It was only months ago that I'd stumbled over that fancy urn of Sofie's back in Portland, Maine, and onto a roller coaster that seemed to threaten my life every day since. It wasn't over. It was far from over. But, finally, I sat next to Caden, knowing that my mortality was no longer a barrier for us.

"So ..." One of his fingers tucked a strand of blond hair behind my ear. "How are you feeling?"

I didn't know how to answer that question. "Completely uneven, though my balance is better than ever," I admitted. How long would it take to get used to the new me? Would I ever? Drawing breaths out of habit rather than necessity? The air still pulled in and out of my lungs, though I no longer needed it to survive. If I made a conscious effort to stop the repetitive act, no pressure built in my chest, no dizziness threatened my consciousness.

I would never grow old or die by natural means. My face, my hair, my body would never change. Not again anyway.

"Is it a good feeling?" Caden's fingers clasped my hand, his thumb rubbing over the meaty part of my palm. I closed my eyes and tipped my head back, reveling in the sensation, like an all-consuming itch finally scratched. Since waking, the urge to be in constant physical contact with Caden had been almost overwhelming. It was as if my skin had been stripped back, exposing every nerve ending. Only it didn't hurt.

Far from it.

It was a euphoria I'd never experienced and I couldn't get enough.

Cracking an eyelid to peek at him, I caught a smirk that told me he could sense my reaction to his touch, though I knew that's not what his question referred to. "I don't know. How am I supposed to feel?" My new life had begun mere hours ago, when I woke on a dank dirt floor to a world of possibilities. And unpleasant anticipation. "I guess I'm just ... waiting for the inevitable." For the uncontrollable urge to kill to hit me.

Despite other distractions competing for my attention, that anxiety lingered like a vicious thorn. Sofie promised me that it was only a matter of time until the first human crossed my path and tested my control. And she also promised me that I would have none.

I dreaded that.

I desperately wanted to skip over that part. Heck, I wanted to not need any blood to survive at all. I wanted to be immune to it.

But nothing I wanted had ever come easy so there was no reason to believe it would be different now.

"Yeah, so am I," Caden whispered under his breath, a hint of wariness in his tenor. He followed it quickly with, "But how do you feel?"

How did I describe this? "Alive? I guess? Like I'm bursting with energy? Like I could run forever." This strange bubble of something had taken up residence in the pit of my stomach. A ball of energy or thrill or eagerness. Or all three. I didn't know what it was exactly but I was keenly aware of its presence, almost a tangible force inside, ready to explode. Perhaps that was the impending hunger?

I turned to study Caden's sculpted features, as mesmerizing as they were the first time I laid eyes on them. "Is that how you felt when you transformed?"

Scratching the back of his neck, Caden admitted, "Honestly, the first few days after were a fog. Almost like a trance. It wasn't until I broke free of it that I was even aware of what had happened or what I might have been like." Caden shook his head. "You haven't seen a fledgling before, Evangeline. I'm sorry to tell you this, but once you smell human blood, it's not going to be pretty."

"But I have seen a fledgling, remember?" I tempered my tone. "When I first brought you back from Ratheus?" When Caden lunged for me. When he almost killed me.

Caden's head dipped. Leaning in, I eased the bitter memory with a light kiss against his cheek.

"Yeah, that was bad," he agreed solemnly. His face ducked in to steal a quick kiss. He sat upright with a deep inhale. "But it wasn't nearly as bad as what a true fledgling is like. Trust me on that."

My internal dread only blossomed with his words. "What do you mean exactly?" Because that was pretty bad; I had nightmares for weeks after. Was there more to this than anyone had warned me about? "What should I expect? Tell me everything. Maybe it'll help."

"It won't." He twisted his mouth, as if choosing his word carefully. "You remember that night in France, after the attack, when Bishop's head was all messed up from that spell, and then we found Nathan ..."

Of course I remembered. Finding out that one of my best friend's memories had been corrupted by the Fates to the point where he was sure we were a couple was bad enough; then I discovered that I basically had Death as a bodyguard. What a nightmare.

"... and you got drunk?"

He chuckled softly with my groan.

"Well, it's kind of like that night. You're aware but not really, your inhibitions gone. You will do anything for blood. You're like an addict. You'll barely acknowledge me."

"So, I'll be stumbling and slurring and ignoring you for a few days?" I expected worse.

"Not exactly." He sighed and then added in a mumble, "You'll find out soon enough." His attention drifted to something in the distance. "Do you hear that? Over there." He let go of my hand to stretch his arm ahead and to the east, toward a distant ridge some two hundred yards away.

My ears immediately perked up, listening intently. And then I heard it. "Crunching?"

"Yeah." Caden studied me as his arm relaxed its grip. "Feet, breaking through the snow."

A slight grimace creased my brow as I waited, curious. A loud crack sounded, a branch snapping under pressure. Heavy feet.

"It's a black bear. I'll bet there are a few around these parts."

Bear? I felt my eyes widen. "Should we be worried?"

Caden snorted and then frowned at me. He paused, still watching me keenly. "Can you sense anything else?"

Obviously I was supposed to. Tightening my face with concentration, I leaned in and listened harder, struggling to quiet that voice in my head that struggled to remember what the rules were for black bears: Play dead, or run? And how fast were bears? Could I outrun it?

And was asking that question normal, or was it a residual of my former human self, lingering as I adapted to the new me?

There.

I heard it.

A faint rhythmic throb. "A heartbeat," I whispered, in awe.

With each passing second, the heartbeat grew louder, stronger, until I could feel it pounding in my throat. I had to swallow.

"And ...?"

And? "What?" I pressed, just as a light gust blew by, carrying with it a strange, sweet scent my nostrils flared to absorb.

I heard the pull of air through Caden's mouth as he inhaled sharply. An inhale of expectation, perhaps. Seconds later, the air pushed out and he mumbled, "Weird," under his breath.

Alarms bells rang in my head. "Weird ... why?" There wasn't supposed to be any more "weird" and "huh" and "I wonder what that means?" comments as it related to how I may be impacted by someone's magic. Between the curse that Sofie had inadvertently placed on me at birth, and the toxic magic coursing through my veins thanks to the Death Tribe, every day up until now had brought some new surprise, some new terror. I'd had enough of "weird."

This was supposed to be standard.

As standard as being a vampire was, anyway.

"Shit." Caden pushed a hand through his golden brown hair, sending it into appealing disarray. "Relax. It's nothing, just ..." A mixture of disappointment and worry lingered in his expression, telling me that it was not nothing. "You should have gone after that, Evie."

Had I just failed a test? "But, it's not human."

His gaze shifted out to the tree line. "I know, but an animal that large should have had you running for it. The chase is half the fun."

I had failed a test. Maybe a big one. Then again, I'd rather be sitting here with Caden than chasing wild animals through the woods. Still, the fact that Caden seemed upset bothered me.

Pulling me into his chest, he wrapped his arm around my shoulder. "You're still in shock. That's all it is." I had the feeling his convincing words weren't meant for me.

"Yeah, maybe. There's so much going on right now, I don't know what to focus on: the new me, the chaos in New York ..." I let the fear linger in solemn silence as I rested my head on his shoulder.

The end of the human world.

"It's actually happening, isn't it?"

"Sounds like it," Caden whispered. "I didn't have the pleasure of seeing the beginning. Amelie and I lived on a ranch in the middle of the country. By the time the chaos reached us, it was already out of control." He sighed. "I'm so sorry. If we hadn't come here, then-"

"It would've happened eventually," I interrupted his attempts to lay blame on himself, though I knew the guilt sat heavily on his shoulders. It also sat heavily on mine. "You heard Sofie and Veronique. The witches had been planning this for months. We'd be no better off, had you not come." That wasn't entirely true. Veronique would still be in her marble tomb, there'd be no fledglings running around, ravishing the city. Viggo would not be on a rampage. I didn't need to highlight any of that.

Curling into his comfort, I added, "And I'd just be alone. Or dead." Selfish, yes, but after all I'd been through, I needed to be selfish, even for just a little while. That meant blocking out worries of my impending blood-crazed state and the end of world, because apparently the Fates had already decided how that would play out. That meant focusing on the here and now.

"Do you regret coming? Having to go through all this again? Everything you were looking forward to is going to be gone. You'll be back in ratty clothes and living in a cave soon enough."

Caden smirked. "I never cared about any of that. I would've stayed in that hellhole for eternity as long as it meant you were staying with me."

"I guess you're going to get your wish because this will be a hellhole soon enough."

Caden lifted my chin, meeting my eyes, and whispered, "Can we not talk about that for now?"

I nodded. Leaning in, I let my lips settle slightly parted against his jawline, inhaling the scent of his skin, a thousand times more intoxicating than any scents or thrill of pursuits. If anything could make me lose control, it was the guy sitting next to me.

His muscles shifted beneath my mouth. "Is my shirt going to survive this?" The laughter in his tone was unmistakable as he stretched the front of his black shirt to highlight the eight long gashes, courtesy of my razor-sharp fingernails and overzealous urge in the moments after waking. "See? I'm already in ratty clothes," he joked.

"That was an accident," I murmured, adding a quiet, "Shut up." The teasing should've turned me scarlet-it always had-but I felt no heat in my cheeks. I grinned. "Hey! I won't blush anymore!"

Caden pushed me back into the snow, fluffy snowflakes landing and melting on my new thick, long eyelashes. I sensed the dampness and chill beneath me, as well as the instability of the wall itself, but none of it challenged my comfort. His bottom lip brushed against one eye and then the other to catch the flakes before pressing his forehead against mine, his arms settling on either side of my head.

"I'm going to miss that," he admitted with a hint of sadness, grazing my cheek with the backs of his fingers. "I'm going to miss all of your little human tendencies."

The smile slid off my face as that reality settled in. Caden had fallen in love with the human version of Evangeline Watts, with her naivete, her insecurity, her honesty. I wasn't human anymore. Would that change his feelings for me? Would he decide that I'd changed too much?

He must've sensed my worry because he quickly settled his mouth over mine in a slow, deep kiss. "But I've got so many other things to look forward to." He rolled against me, settling into the space between my thighs. I wanted to be closer, though. As close as we were back in France. He shifted into me as my legs coiled around his hips. The sound of rocks tumbling to the ground below barely registered, my focus riveted solely on this creature hovering over me as he pulled my shirt up and over my head.

*

"How was the hunt?" Sofie's Parisian lilt carried through the forest as she approached the kiln. I shouldn't be able to see her in the darkness but I could, as if it were daylight, her deceptively delicate frame cloaked in a long, black coat, her red hair a flame against the white backdrop. Max peered up at us, his three hundred pounds of black canine muscle enough to terrify any sane person.

That's right. Hunting. That's what we were supposed to be doing for the last few hours. Caden and I shared a look. What would Sofie say when she found out that I hadn't so much as batted an eye at the black bear, or the two deer that followed? I could blame Caden for distracting me. That would only work for so long, though. As soon as the delivery from the blood bank run arrived, my irregularity would be obvious to anyone watching.

Or maybe my natural urges would suddenly kick in and all this worrying was for nothing. I had to count on that.

"Fine," Caden lied for me. "How are plans coming along?"

I sensed the atmosphere around us shift in a way I never could as a human, the prickles spiking along my neck as if a presence had invaded the short peace we'd found. "That's why I came out. Things are escalating faster than we'd anticipated. It's time to come back inside."

Her last words hadn't escaped her lips when Caden's arm suddenly roped around my waist, surprising me. We flew off the top of the kiln and sailed through the air, landing softly in front of Sofie and Max. Despite the somber mood, I smiled at the grace in which my kind could do that.

Sofie spun on her heels and started back toward the mine.

"When are we heading back to New York?" I asked.

She looked over her shoulder, holding me with her pale mint-green eyes for a long moment, before shifting to Caden. "Tonight."

Caden tightened his grip on my hand as we pushed through the snow.

So ... Why'd you lie to Sofie about the hunting? Max's deep voice rumbled within my head, interrupting my ability to follow along with external conversation.

"I didn't," I answered warily. How did he know?

Now you're going to lie to me?

"Who says I am?" It was the one-sided conversation of a crazy woman to anyone on the outside, and I was thankful for it. I was so happy that I'd retained ranks of "master" over Max, that I hadn't lost my ability to communicate with the werebeast. His friendship had preserved my sanity. It would've been devastating to lose our special telepathic connection. And, right now, this wasn't a conversation I wanted Sofie to hear.

Remington. He was out hunting. He said you two didn't leave the top of that kiln for hours.

"It was quiet."

Except for the giant bear and two deer.

Of course. One of Max's brothers was always on a hunt. Those four beasts were chronically hungry and ready to kill.

"I was saving them for you," I retorted, checking to see that Sofie and Caden were still deep in their own conversation.

You scared them all away, with all that noise you two were making.

Oh my God. This was another moment I'd be as purple as a beet, if capable. "Why would I do that? You're dreadfully grouchy when you're hungry."

He harrumphed but said nothing else as we passed over the ridge, the entrance to the mines within sight.

*

A flurry of harsh words and threatening tones swirled from the tunnel as we trailed Sofie back into the mine, the entrance a forty-five degree slant with a low overhang. There were no lights, no fires-nothing to illuminate the cavernous space-and yet with this new eyesight, I could easily distinguish every form, every face, every scowl.

As usual, Mortimer's was the most ominous. "We need to stop this now!" His demand ricocheted off the chiseled stone walls.

"She's overreacting," Galen said with a sideways glare toward Mage.

"Overreacting?" Several quick steps brought Mortimer and Galen facing off with a mere foot of space between, their stances confrontational. Except for their looming size, they couldn't look any more different-Mortimer, dark-haired and dressed in a tailored suit, Galen with a blond brush-cut and military fatigues. Mortimer's arm shot out, his finger pointing at me. Past me, in the direction of the mine opening. "If this continues, the city will be lost within days."

"Not likely," Galen argued. "Jonah is the only one with enough control to breed and how many new fledglings can he create in a day? So ... a few thousand are killed." Galen shrugged but he didn't back down. "We go in, we rid the city of him and his little army. It's hardly cause for talk of hydrogen bombs."

My eyes widened. They're considering nuclear warfare already? Not even forty-eight hours had passed since the slaughter at Viggo and Mortimer's Fifth Avenue building!

Galen continued, "Besides, fledglings aren't causing this mess. They're not nearly controlled enough. That psychopathic friend of yours is. If we should be hunting anyone, it's him."

"We have never been friends," Mortimer spat back, but then paused to dip his head, tempering his manner in the act. "But I agree. He must be stopped." I could only guess that they were talking about Viggo.

"What has he done now?" Caden called out.

Several heads turned to regard us. "You mean besides rampant murder and pillaging?" Galen answered.

I already knew about that. Unfortunately. Apparently, Viggo hadn't wasted any time. Soon after he learned of Veronique's release from the statue and that she had chosen Mortimer, he left a trail of bodies throughout Manhattan, terrorizing the city. News reports talked of a Christmas serial killer.

"Two hours ago, he walked into a press conference with national coverage and murdered the city's mayor on live television," Sofie explained.

Oh.

Caden pulled me against him as voices rose again, clamoring to be heard. Lilly's rancorous council member, Kait, screamed something about being trigger happy; Mortimer bellowed about being naive fools. Even little Lilly, who normally remained composed, counted issues on her fingers. Only Mage and Sofie stood silent, watching the fury unfold.

"I thought they had a plan in place," I whispered to Caden.

He offered me a guarded smile. "I guess they're ironing out a few details."

And yet we already seem to be at war, Max grumbled from his place beside me.

"Where is everyone else?" My eyes roamed the mine. It reminded me much of the caves of Ratheus. Only these were manmade and not as picturesque. Also, I assumed there was no oasis to swim in.

"Bishop and Fiona are on their way back from a blood bank," Sofie said quietly, her eyes never leaving the commotion ahead of us, the displeasure over the entire scene visible on her striking face. "The wolves are forming a perimeter. Isaac and the others are scouting in New York." I knew of Lilly's other advisors besides Galen and Kait-three vampires who looked like they belonged in the military-but aside from a handful of moments, I hadn't seen much of them. "Amelie is with Veronique and Julian in the haulage tunnel, feeding. You should take her there, Caden."

Mage remained calm and unreadable, her slight form so still, she appeared frozen. That is, until her black, almond-shaped eyes shifted to Sofie. I saw fire in them. A silent exchange passed between the two women-the strangest of friends.

And then Mage exploded.

"Enough!" The trill of her voice caused a sharp pain in my eardrum. Silence fell as everyone turned to her, the most lethal being in the room. More lethal than Sofie armed with all of her magic, perhaps.

"Allow me to explain, seeing as you've never watched the demise of a human world before." Mage stepped forward, though her normally smooth cadence was now laced with sharpness. She smoothed her long, poker-straight, jet-black tresses. Such a feminine thing to do and such a contradiction to the discussion at hand. "Jonah started building his little army weeks ago, the second he escaped. I'm sure he was stupid enough to think he could control it. Regardless of whether he continues creating more-and I would hope that he doesn't, given he knows what the risk is-I would bet my existence that there are at least a hundred of our kind running through the streets already."

"A hundred against a population of over eight million. Yes, I see the need to obliterate the entire city," Galen interjected. How Lilly kept him around as her advisor-and, truly, like family-I had yet to figure out. I certainly hadn't found a single redeeming quality in him, aside from his devotion to Lilly.

"With an endless supply of humans," Mage continued, ignoring Galen's doubt, "they will feed and kill with crazed abandon. Though we haven't seen more than a few fledgling attacks to date, it will certainly come. And it will come quickly. The mere chaos will feed into their frenzy."

"So we go and kill them. They're fledglings! Ripe for the plucking!" Kait exclaimed, her arms raised in exasperation.

I felt the air in the room shift as a muscle in Mage's jaw twitched, her patience wearing thin. Though I had yet to witness it, Caden had explained the speed and ruthlessness in which Mage was known to dispatch those in her way. If we didn't need Galen and Kait, their hearts would likely have been torn from their chests by now.

"The army, infiltrated with People's Sentinel, will be called in to take aggressive defensive measures shortly." Mage's severe brow arched as she took in the circle. "They will fight with guns that shoot explosive bullets because, thanks to the Sentinel, they are already well educated that they can kill us with fire. That's when the fledglings will sense the true threat." A delicate hand raised, two fingers held up. "And that's when two things will happen: the fledglings will flee. Like vermin, they will scurry to safety. And, then ... they will begin to evolve. Much more quickly than anything you've ever seen." Mage's every step was followed as she began to pace. "They will stop solely feeding and they will begin to breed."

"Seven hundred years has skewed your reality," Galen cut in. "Fledglings don't evolve that rapidly. Go and take a look at those two back there to remind yourself." He jutted a thumb deeper into the mine, piquing my interest. Was he talking about Julian and Veronique?

Mage moved so fast that, even with my new reflexes, I missed her close the distance. The next thing I saw was Galen on his knees, a gurgled cry escaping his gaping, bloody mouth as Mage tossed what appeared to be his tongue onto the ground.

I involuntarily curled my tongue, stealing a look Lilly's way to see her watching with wide eyes. The entire ordeal lasted no more than three seconds, and then Galen was back on his feet, wiping the blood off his chin with his sleeve, his tongue having reformed itself in his mouth.

His vicious glares didn't stop Mage from continuing. "It's a natural reaction for our kind when faced with a real threat to strengthen in numbers, to preserve the species. It's instinctual. Even you, who are impotent, must understand." Only the slightest of smiles divulged Mage's pleasure with the barb against those in the room incapable of transforming humans.

Galen sniffed with disdain but said nothing. I assumed he'd learned his lesson.

Her comment sparked another question-I had so many questions, it was hard to focus on what was being said here-was I impotent? Or was my venom intact? Did I even have venom? I slid my tongue along my incisors, imagining myself sinking my teeth into someone. I winced. No, that didn't appeal to me at all.

Mage turned her back to us, her eyes now on the night beyond the entrance to the mine. "For every five humans killed, one new vampire will be born. It will quickly be two to one. The world is already watching New York. There are already countless reports of vicious animal-like attacks. Pictures and videos of Viggo and Bishop slaughtering the Sentinel are already floating around the Internet." If only the witches hadn't taken down the illusionary wall, then such obvious proof wouldn't exist! "Today, people don't believe what they're seeing and hearing. They think it's a hoax. Doctored images. By tomorrow, people will begin to panic, asking themselves if this is a virus turning people into savages, wondering when it will spread to their cities, to their homes. In mere days, worldwide pandemonium will erupt, just as our kind establishes itself for a countrywide sweep. Once that happens, it cannot be contained.

"If we wait, we will not be able to stop this. If we do not take drastic measures, we will not be able to stop this. I have seen it. I have lived it, firsthand. I know. And, as much as I wish I would be wrong in this, I have not been so far." She paused. "It's the city or the entire world. There will be no in-between."

No one uttered a single word.

I leaned in to Caden for comfort. This all sounded both drastic and impossible. But if these last few months had proven anything to me, it was that nothing was impossible.

Turning to Sofie, Mage pushed, "It is your call. Do we act now or wait?"

Sofie's pale eyes locked on a spot on the wall, her face its natural stony mask as she pondered the grim options. Like soldiers waiting for direction, no one said a word, the entire group waiting on Sofie to give the order.

Did she like being the leader in all this? Back when she was more focused on the urgent need of freeing her sister, she'd demanded everyone's allegiance-binding promises of loyalty. Only a week ago, everyone here was at odds with everyone else, ready to attack and kill at the slightest provocation. Would those allegiances hold tight, with what was to come?

That allegiance certainly hadn't kept one vampire from betraying Sofie. The vampire who, in his seething hatred for me after discovering I'd hidden Veronique's dire situation at the hands of the witches, had killed me. If not for Sofie's deal with the Fates, I would not have come back.

"What will we do about Viggo?" I said, pulling every eye to me, that same mix of curiosity and wariness in them that I'd seen since waking up.

"Good question," Mortimer said. "We know that he is out there and he will not go quietly."

"He thinks Evangeline's dead. Let's keep it that way," Sofie spat.

But Mortimer argued anyway. "You think his need for revenge has stopped at her? You know him as well as I do. He will hunt each and every one of us, one by one."

"So let him come," Galen retorted. "I'll be ready." From what Lilly had told me, Galen was their tactical expert. While other immortals, Viggo and Mortimer included, had enjoyed lavish homes and private jets, Galen prided himself in infiltrating various high-level military groups to learn what he could about weapons systems and classified capabilities. He had the knowledge and means to get us into almost any human defense system.

A mirthless smile touched Mortimer's lips. Those two would never get along. "And will you be able to defend both yourself and Celine at the same time? Because hurting her to destroy you will be Viggo's end goal." Near-black eyes swept over the group. "All of you would do well to remember that. I, for one, am terrified. There is a maniac somewhere out there with a hit list and all of our names are on it. The love of my life is on the top of it. Viggo will not think twice about killing Veronique for revenge." He cleared his throat twice, one of Mortimer's few tells that his emotions were getting the better of him. "I have half a mind to take her and run to the most remote spot in the world to live my life in peace."

"I am well aware that we have not seen the last of Viggo. I will deal with him when the time comes. Quickly and without mercy," Sofie snapped. "Let's focus our efforts on the real issue at hand."

From the corner of my eye, I caught Lilly's lips purse. There was a long list of people who wanted to deliver Viggo's death to him. Sofie, for a hundred and twenty years of misery. Lilly, for the murder of her mother and theft of her ashes.

And me, for my mother's murder.

But Sofie was right. Stopping the fledglings was probably more critical than exacting revenge on Viggo right now.

Mortimer's long finger jabbed the air. "Fine, but if there is so much as a hint of him, I am taking Veronique and I am leaving. Understood?"

Sofie blinked once. I supposed that was the only answer she'd give.

I heard a faint clank of metal behind me and my head instinctively whipped around, timed perfectly with Caden's. I smiled. Finally, we were in the same league.

The two figures standing side by side at the mine entrance widened my smile. Not because their arms were laden with metal coolers from their blood bank run, but because these were two friends who I'd previously lost and who'd since been returned to me.

Though the Fates had saved me at the hour of my human death, Fiona had been left in a charred heap in Viggo and Mortimer's Fifth Avenue palace after the first sorceress attack. It was only because of Sofie's deal with the Fates that my friend was now watching me through those mesmerizing violet eyes.

"Everyone's out. Every last blood bank in New York City has been tapped," Bishop announced, his muscular arms bulging through his light T-shirt as he held the metal cooler in the air. Fiona held an identical cooler. "We're better off hitting up the hospitals outside of the city. Their supply is pathetic, but it's better than nothing."

Bishop winked at me as they passed, already having forgiven me for my part in the deception back in Paris. Thank God all those perverse delusions had been wiped out of his head the moment the spell had been broken. I had yet to ask him if he'd told Fiona. I worried what she might do when she found out that her very attractive eternal boyfriend had kissed me and had wanted to do a lot more. Would it damage our friendship?

Another problem not worth worrying about right now.

My ears picked up on a strange and very irregular heartbeat behind me. Spinning around, I saw Kiril standing in the entranceway in his human form. "Is that normal? His heart, I mean."

"Yeah, all of them sound like that. It's good. That way you won't accidently bite them," Caden said with a sly smile, "because they bite back."

I watched the werewolf march past to stand behind Sofie.

"Someone is one step ahead of us with the blood," Lilly mused. "The question is, who? The Sentinel? The witches? The fledglings certainly don't need it."

A second of worry flickered across Sofie's face. "Please take that back to the haulage tunnel," Sofie ordered Bishop and Fiona. "We have it set up with a small generator to keep the refrigeration working, should it last long enough. Evangeline," she turned to me, "go with them."

I nodded but stayed my feet as they passed by, my interest in the dire situation more compelling than a cooler of blood. If Sofie noticed, she was too preoccupied to say anything.

"Is nuclear warfare even an option?" Sofie asked.

"Galen, how long would it take for Isaac and the others to get into a missile control center?" Lilly asked quietly, her baby-blue eyes darting back to meet mine for a mere second. Sofie had alluded to Lilly's stealthy connections in the past but it still baffled me how the little vampiress-a thirteen-year-old child to anyone who didn't know better-and her group had ways to get into the most highly classified areas in the world.

Her military advisor didn't miss a beat. "There's a ballistics submarine a few hundred miles off the coast. It's fully loaded. They can appropriate it within four hours."

Four hours. We could blow up New York City in four hours.

A hiss from Caden had me glancing down to see that my nails were embedded in his forearm. "Sorry," I mouthed, rubbing the wounds away until they healed.

Sofie paced. Though I couldn't imagine her giving Lilly the go-ahead to destroy the entire city of New York, Mage was adamant, and Sofie seemed to trust Mage's opinion.

"The Fates have the power to stop this at any time but they won't. They want the human world to fall, they want their game to play out, so they can move on to the next world, the next source of entertainment." Her lips furled with disdain. She had remained silent about her encounter with the Fates but, from the hardened glare every time they were mentioned, I quickly deduced that Sofie's meeting was far more confrontational than mine.

"And they will get what they want, if we wait any longer, Sofie," Mage reminded her.

Sofie's deceivingly dainty hand pushed through her mane of wild red hair, the weight of this decision visibly wearing on her. I'd never seen her look so anxious. "Where are the witches?"

"There's a faction in Boston but they're harmless," Lilly answered.

Kiril's gruff voice filled the room, the words lost to me in his native tongue. They weren't to Sofie, though. "Apparently not so harmless after all ... The Witches Order boarded planes yesterday from London and St. Petersburg. They might cause additional problems." I'd never heard of this "Witches Order" before but I assumed they were the more powerful ones. Sofie snapped her fingers at Kiril. "Send ten wolves down there and put a tail on them. I want to know what they're up to at all times."

The tall blond werewolf nodded curtly and marched away, his thumb already punching numbers on his cell phone.

Watching him disappear, Sofie's jaw tightened with resolution. "We go in. We exterminate every single one of these fledglings. Burn their bodies and all evidence, without pause, without mercy." Her nostrils flared. "And without worrying about collateral damage. They will still be traveling in packs. If we have not stopped the spread by sunrise ..." She turned cold eyes on Lilly. "We eliminate the city."

A rash of nerves fluttered inside my stomach. Was I ready for this?

Lilly nodded curtly. Though she had pledged her allegiance to me, I had in turn demanded she follow Sofie's guidance as it related to this war.

I hoped Sofie knew what she was doing.

Sunrise couldn't be more than twelve hours away.

"Let's get ready. It'll take at least an hour to get to the city on foot." Everyone mobilized.

"Wait ..." Kait and Galen stepped forward, exchanging hard glances. "There's a matter of a deal," Galen said.

"Oh, for God's sake! We don't have time for that," Mortimer objected harshly.

"It takes seconds," Galen insisted.

"And what will they feed on? We don't have enough to feed five fledgl-"

Kait's shrill screech drowned out Mortimer's objections. "I'm not leaving here until I know Brian is safe!"

Brian?

Sofie's eyes flickered to Mage, who shrugged and said, "A deal's a deal."

Sofie heaved a sigh. "Where are they?"

"At an inn, in town. Ten miles away. We didn't want to bring them near with the fledglings," Kait explained, throwing a look of disdain my way, as if I were leprous.

"Bring them here and Mage will do it. But you and Galen are coming with us and we are leaving immediately after."

"And what? Leave them unguarded? No," Galen argued.

"They will not be unguarded," Sofie snapped. "But we cannot lose time waiting for their transformation. I need every able body."

"We'll come after they've transformed."

"You will come immediately after and that is an order!"

I didn't hear the rest of the argument as Caden led me in the direction that Bishop and Fiona had disappeared.

*

"Nothing at all? Still?" Caden yelled over the generator, its loud roar amplified by the long, narrow tunnel. Dark and dank, it smelled of cold earth and stale air. Far from comfortable.

Caden's and Amelie's intense gazes drilled into me. Waiting for my reaction. For my pupils to dilate, for the whites of my eyes to turn crimson, for the veins to throb.

For the eyes of a ravenous vampire to appear.

I shrugged, more concerned about what had happened to my friend and the delicate Veronique. The last time I saw them, upon awakening, there were smiles and an exchange of words and affectionate touches. Now the two sat hunched over their small coolers like coyotes over a corpse, their backs to me, empty medical bags tossed haphazardly to the ground. I couldn't see their faces but I heard the small grunts and groans.

One word replayed in my head: feral.

It wasn't a state I ever wanted to be seen in.

"I can smell it." I inhaled as if to make my point. "It smells like ..." Human blood certainly hadn't had a scent before. Now, it smelled deliciously sweet. There was no mistaking a burning desire growing in the pit of my body. If I were human, perhaps it would inspire hunger pangs. "... like something I'd like."

"Something you'd like?" Amelie's springy blond curls bounced as she cocked her head, her emerald-green eyes dissecting me. Apparently there was something wrong with me, though I wasn't too upset about it. In fact, if anything, I was relieved. Elated!

Then again, if I wasn't a blood-crazed fiend by now, then what was I? Had the Fates found a way to perverse things yet again?

Amelie thrust a bag into my hands. She'd always been the exuberant one of the bunch. "Maybe you just need to taste it for the first time," she said, her voice raspy, goading me like a puppy. "Go on ... try it!"

Caden's hand held mine. "Maybe we should talk to Sofie about your ... differences first."

My fingers gently squeezed the bag of red liquid. And then I looked at Veronique and Julian again. If I tried the blood, would I morph into a feral creature with the first taste? "How long will they be like that?"

Amelie's eyes followed mine. "It should ease up after a few days, but ..." Her face fell. "I miss him already."

"They'll be fine soon," Caden said, his hand rubbing gently against the small of my back. "It's a blink in our time, really." I knew what he was really telling me. It's not forever. I would be fine. Eventually.

I gritted my teeth with the thought of Caden seeing me with those eyes, the bag in my hand suddenly feeling like a lead weight. I'd be hideous. But, there was no point in stalling this any longer.

Shaking my head, I muttered, "Let's not bug Sofie." With everything else she had on her plate? She worried more than any biological mother ever could. "I want to get this over with." My attention was on the red bag but I didn't miss the sharp look between Caden and Amelie. I was probably the first reluctant fledgling in all of vampire history. I was probably also the first one to question how gross this might taste. "How do I open it?"

Amelie smirked. "Just bite it."

"But I don't-"

"Just bite it!"

Trusting my friend-a seven-hundred and fifty-odd-year-old vampire who knew more about this than I obviously did-I held the bag to my open mouth. With wary eyes on Caden, and a glib mumble of, "See you in a few days," I sunk my teeth in, anticipating resistance.

My teeth sliced through the thick plastic and liquid burst out unexpectedly, rushing into my mouth, a small amount trickling down along my chin. Trying to stem the sudden flow, I took several long drags of the sweet liquid. It was like nothing I'd expected and nothing I could describe. It reminded me of a high-quality maple syrup, but without the sickly sugariness. I certainly couldn't guzzle a bottle of maple syrup and yet here I was, draining the bag with little effort, my mental conflict dissolving as I felt the thick fluid flow down my throat into ... where? How did this new body of mine process it?

Within seconds, my muscles felt stronger, my mind felt more alert. I felt more alive.

When nothing but a flimsy pouch remained, I pulled it away from my mouth.

"So?" Caden's brow furrowed deeply. "How do you feel?"

"Fine. Great, I guess. Stronger?"

"Here." Amelie tossed me another bag. It came fast and to the far left and yet all I had to do was think about catching it and it was in my hand. I drained four more bags in under five minutes and waved Amelie away when she moved to toss me a sixth, earning a hard look from her.

"What? I've had enough." I wiped the blood from my chin.

Amelie and her brother exchanged another raised stare. One that finally spiked my irritation.

"Would you two stop doing that? I get it. I'm not normal! But you're starting to freak me out!"

Amelie gestured at Veronique and Julian. "Those two haven't so much as looked up to acknowledge you since you stepped in here, and yet you just waved this away with a 'no thanks'?" Her ringlets whipped through the air as her head spun back, scowling. "And your eyes! They didn't change."

"Uh ... I'm sorry?" I said a silent prayer of thanks.

Amelie's pretty face pinched in thought for a long moment. I caught her swift movement a second before a snapping sound followed by sharp pain rocketed through me.

"Amelie!" Caden roared through my cry as Amelie dropped my arm. It hung limply next to my body, my forearm bone protruding through my skin.

"You broke my arm!" I shrieked in horror. "Are you insane?" No sooner had the last word crossed my lips than the bone began to fade. Before my eyes, it vanished and the wound sealed itself. Mouth agape, I flexed my hand to test my strength. Perfectly normal, once again.

"At least we know you can heal like the rest of us," Amelie explained.

"And what if she couldn't?" Caden snapped.

"Well, then, I guess she wouldn't be jumping in front of any bullets now, would she!" Amelie retorted. "But you're right. We should tell Sofie about this."

"Tell Sofie about what?" a voice called out behind us, making me jump. Even with my new abilities, I guess the woman was still capable of sneaking up on me.

"Nothing," flew out of my mouth. I gave Amelie and Caden a stern look. Whatever the reason for my lack of blood-crazed desire, I hadn't crumpled in a fit of agony or died when I consumed it. We needed to focus on New York City and not my personal issues. For once.

Unfortunately, Sofie was always on DEFCON One alert status as it related to me. "Why aren't you feeding, Evangeline?" It sounded like an accusation.

"I'm just taking a break."

"Taking a break?" Her stunning, delicate features pinched up. "No fledgling takes a break once they've started. That's simply ..." Sofie's eyes flashed wide. She muttered something in French that I couldn't understand but, by her tone, I knew she was upset. Turning hard eyes at Caden, she exploded. "She didn't hunt, did she? You lied to me!"

"I'm fine, Sofie!" I cried out but she wasn't listening, her hands finding their way to Caden's chest, shoving him against the wall.

"Don't worry about me, Sofie. You should worry about-" My words cut off as thin purple ropes sprung from Sofie's fingertips. I followed them with my eyes as they coiled around my body, the ends disappearing into me like cool little fingers slipping into my flesh. Not painful but certainly not pleasant. "What are you doing?"

A pause. And then the tentacles retracted. "You can see those?" she hissed, her eyes even wider than a moment ago.

"Yes. I can feel them too," I clarified, repeating my question. "What were you doing?"

"You shouldn't be able to see it." The long tendrils appeared again. They reached out for me, more cautiously this time. Part of me wanted to run but I stayed, curious as to what she may discover.

I stayed still while she prodded around my body, her face a mask of consternation. After a few moments, they finally retreated.

"And?" Caden and Amelie asked in unison.

"And ... nothing." She frowned. "I found nothing unusual."

"Does that mean she's fine?" Caden pushed. "Are you worried?"

An odd, soft smile touched Sofie's mouth. "I'm always worried about Evangeline."

"You don't need to worry about me anymore," I said.

Her hypnotic green eyes twinkled. "And yet, I will never stop." I smiled because I knew it was true. Most would call me insane for accepting Sofie's offer of employment and climbing into a plane with her, only twenty-four hours after stumbling into her cafe. I had nothing to leave behind at that point. Except loneliness and sad memories.

Little did I know at the time that I was no stranger to her.

She had been watching over me since I was days old.

Since that time, after all the secrets and lies and motives were finally revealed, one painful layer at a time, Sofie had become like a mother to me. A super-powered, overprotective mother with more escape routes than one could fathom.

I was stuck in a moment of reflection when Mortimer appeared, trailed by Kiril.

"It's done. We're ready." Not batting an eye, Mortimer strolled over to Veronique, his cold brown eyes instantly warming. He leaned down to whisper, "I'll be back before you even know I'm gone." His light touch on her shoulder earned him a growl and a sideways glare, and I caught a glimpse of those hideous eyes for the first time. I cringed. It was ironic that vampires were designed to be such irresistible creatures to their prey, and yet their weakness-their lack of control around human blood-revealed their true hideousness so noticeably.

Mortimer chuckled, his eyes still on Veronique. "You're going to be awfully embarrassed when I tell you that you growled at me." Murmuring in French, Mortimer leaned down to place a quick kiss on her head before stepping away, a nostalgic look on his face. He'd waited so long for a chance to see her again, with the hope that she would choose him over Viggo. And she had. Despite our tumultuous past, I was happy for him.

Finally, Mortimer's attention shifted to me. "Why aren't you feeding?"

That is the question of the day, isn't it? Max said from behind me, having slinked in.

"I already have," I responded evenly, tired of this line of questioning. There was a war coming. There were more important things to focus on.

Mortimer glared at Sofie, his thick, dark brow furrowed with accusation. "Why isn't she like them?"

"I don't know, Mortimer," she bit back crisply, taking several steps toward the end of the exit tunnel. "You can ask the Fates if you'd like, but I'm not going anywhere near them again. Besides, we have a war to deal with and we're wasting precious time."

I turned to follow them out.

Sofie stopped abruptly and spun around on her heels. "I knew it!" she hissed. Now it was Caden's turn to receive an accusatory glare. "You didn't tell her, did you?"

I eyed him guardedly. "Tell me what?"

With a heavy sigh, Caden averted his eyes. "You're not coming with us, Evie."

What? "You're not leaving me here!" After all we'd been through, I wasn't going to sit in this mine while the rest of them put themselves in danger. I wasn't going to be separated from Caden. Again!

"We need you to stay here, with Julian and Veronique, and we don't have time to argue," Sofie cut in. "Plus, now we need someone to make sure that Celine and Brian have a bag of blood in their hands the moment they awaken."

"Who are Celine and Brian?"

"Kait's and Galen's humans."

Right. The deal. Turning their humans for them. That's what they'd been fighting over earlier. "Kiril can do that," I objected. "Right, Kiril?"

Kiril's bushy brow arched.

"No, he can't. They may get confused and bite him," Sofie said.

But ... "I'm not fragile anymore!" I was running out of arguments, my voice sounding whiny. I hated whiny. I also had no interest in being a babysitter.

Sofie grabbed my hands, her hard mask softening for just a second. "We cannot bring fledglings in to fight fledglings. We can't watch over any sitting ducks. You'll be fine here. Safe. And we will see you soon."

Sofie was impossible to sway, so I didn't bother. I simply whispered, "Keep them safe. Please."

"We'll all be fine. Fledglings are easy to kill. It's just as matter of finding them," she assured me. With a pursed lip, she vanished, followed by Mortimer.

"She's right," Caden whispered, pulling me into his taut body. Amelie strolled over to Julian, presumably to say her goodbyes. She got the same savage growl, along with a hand swat.

I made my last attempt on Caden. "I understand why they can't go but I'm not like them, Caden! I haven't lost control."

"Not yet," he corrected, shaking his head. "I hate leaving you here but I can't worry about you out there, Evie, and that's all I'd be doing. Plus, do you really think you're ready to go into New York City and hunt down a hundred fledglings and kill them? Do you even know how to kill someone?"

I buried my face in his collarbone, absorbing the feel and smell of him one last time before he left me, the very thought a hollow ache in my core. He was right. Though it was apparently now part of my DNA, I didn't know the first thing about killing. Truth be told, I had no desire to exterminate anything. Except perhaps Viggo, and even then, I wasn't sure if I had it in me to actually pull the trigger, so to speak.

Having me there could endanger everyone. Including Caden.

"Promise me that you'll stay here?" he whispered.

I nodded in silence, knowing the fight was lost.

He lifted my face to meet his jade eyes. "We'll be back before you know it," he assured softly. "Don't worry. You'll be fine. Bored, maybe. But fine."

"What if an unsuspecting human comes out here and I accidently kill them?"

Caden gave me a one-shoulder shrug. "Then we'll know you're normal." My flat glare made him chuckle. "No one's going to wander into these mines in the dead of winter and if they do, Max and the wolves will scare them away." Pressing his lips to my cheek, I felt a cool, hard object placed within my grasp. A cell phone. "Galen may be an ass, but he's a smart one. He's got us all set up. The guy thinks he's a Navy Seal." Caden's smirk fell from his mouth after a moment. "If you need to call me for anything, then call. And if I don't answer, don't worry. We're just busy, is all."

I wrapped my arms tightly around his shoulders. We'd waited so long, been through so much to be able to stand here like this, and now that we could, I was afraid it would be taken away from me. Would that be the finale to the Fates' sick game? Would they take Caden away from me? Would it be at Viggo's hands, as Mortimer predicted? I didn't want the world to fall apart but living in a world without Caden, forever, felt even more unbearable.

Chapter Two - Sofie

"How long before the snow turns crimson?" Mage mused, overlooking the crime scene. Investigators and police sifted through a city block's worth of still-smoldering rubble under countless temporary spotlights. They'd easily be here through the night and into tomorrow.

The others in our little task force lined the edge of the rooftop at the other corner, a row of solemn soldiers, watching. The grim view held even Bishop's tongue. Not that long ago, we'd been confined to the walls that once stood there.

It was only yesterday that I'd used up every last ounce of my magic to incinerate Viggo and Mortimer's building, intent on burning all evidence that would give witnesses watching in horror from the gates credence to their stories. They would probably still find remains, though. Human and witch. Perhaps some of the Ratheus vampires. The place was too big to engulf completely and I doubted that the underground levels had been fully destroyed. That's where they'd find the blood vault and, if that hadn't been destroyed, many more questions would be raised.

"I don't know if this is the right plan, Mage," I admitted, softly enough that the words would not carry over to the others.

"You already know what my thoughts are, Sofie. But you made your call and there can be no waffling, especially in front of others. You asked them to believe in you, to give you their loyalty. They need to see you as a leader or this will never work."

"Why can't we make the decision together? Why must there be one leader?" I muttered, more to myself.

Of course, Mage provided an answer. She always had an answer. "Because you can't. It never works." I've learned not to question Mage. The vampiress had lived for five thousand years-the original vampire in her world. She'd already survived one human apocalypse in her own world of Ratheus. And she'd been right about everything so far.

If the call needed to be made, it would need to be made by me. I could not dither, I could not doubt.

New York City would need to burn.

It seemed so ... drastic.

"We could still turn around. We could head back to the mines. You could make the call. This entire mess would be gone within two hours, if all proceeds as planned with Isaac."

My head shook as I watched the hundreds of innocent people below, doing their jobs, trying to make sense of what had happened at this Fifth Avenue address. I could not so simply extinguish their lives, along with eight million other innocents. All because of what ... a few hundred fledglings, maybe?

If we could find them, my witch fire could consume them quickly, as long as they were contained. After that, we'd have the media footage to deal with, but we'd somehow figure that out. We always have. "No, let's fix this now."

"And Viggo?" Mage's black eyes flashed with fire. "You know he's out there, somewhere, waiting for us."

My eyes skittered over to the others, looking for signs that the name was caught on one of their ears. When satisfied that it had not, I murmured, "Yes. I'm sure he is." Perhaps it was my own paranoia but I could feel his presence even now. I'd always been able to, like a strange sixth sense, the hairs on the back of my neck spiking whenever the psychopath was near.

I knew that the chaos Viggo was creating was not just his retaliation against Veronique's choice. It was a marker, letting me know where he was. That I shouldn't forget about him. He assumed that Evangeline was dead and I was crushed. He assumed I would come looking for him, ready to incinerate him. In fact, if we were to go visit the scene of the city mayor's death, he would probably be there, waiting. Expecting me.

It was best to stay away from Viggo, though, and keep Caden out of sight as well. As long as Viggo believed Evangeline to be dead, then he'd keep us alive to suffer. I would bet my existence on that.

"If anyone were to catch wind of Viggo, they'd be running back to the mines faster than the fledglings will flee upon attack," Mage pressed. "I wish you would've let me kill him back in France."

I snorted. "So do I." I would have had to lie to Veronique, tell her that the witches had killed him. Looking at the situation now, I would have swallowed the guilt of that lie happily. Six of us standing on this roof had someone back in that mine-protected by wolves and werebeasts, none of them a match for a vengeful Viggo-who he would gladly take from us. Part of me was desperate to run. Grab Evangeline and run to the most remote rainforest in the world, where we would be sheltered from him.

But that wasn't an option, and I could read between the lines with Mage's warning-keep everyone in the dark about Viggo, at all costs.

Her brow pinched together for a second before smoothing to that placid mask of indifference. "What do you make of Evangeline's transformation? Something is not quite ... right, wouldn't you agree?"

I exhaled heavily. "I don't know what to think of that. I couldn't find a thing within her that was off. She felt exactly like any of us do." That I hadn't left her hovering over a bag of human blood like a mongrel was more than surprising. A relief, to be honest. To not be consumed so completely, to not lose all humanity ... that would be a gift from the Fates. But I had never known the Fates to be generous with their grants and so I could not focus on anything but my concern. "We'll have to figure it out after we've done what we came here to do."

Mage's head bobbed. "Good. That's best, not to be distracted right now."

"I appreciate your counsel, Mage. As always," I said truthfully, "but we'd better get going." We made our way back to the others, who were deep in conversation.

"Bloody media, all over the place." Kait sneered at the CNN crew below.

"It doesn't help that the ground outside was littered with evidence," Mortimer answered. Countless markers sat on the snow-covered ground, indicating where the dozens of bodies with snapped necks had been discovered after the blast.

"We didn't have time to compel witnesses," she threw back.

"Did you even try?" From what I'd heard of Kait and what I had myself witnessed, she wouldn't be the type to even try. Unlike me, human life meant nothing but a meal and lifestyle security to her.

"It doesn't matter. It had already gone viral," Lilly said, ending the back-and-forth in her childlike voice. She shook her head. "The humans are stupid. They see a massacre and instead of running for their lives, they pull their cameras out and begin recording. Look at them." She gestured toward the crowd outside the police tape. "Even now, they're eager to catch a glimpse."

Early reports were fast to label it a terrorist bombing, but the eyewitness accounts of those who escaped, coupled with images and videos circulating the Internet, quickly connected the dots into a terrifying picture that no reputable journalist would give credibility to without first investigating.

"They'll be finished with analyzing the images soon," Mage said softly. "And then the president will make a speech, declaring that everyone must remain in their homes for safety. No one will label us for what we are yet. Look, there." Her long, slender finger aimed to a single military vehicle rolling down the street, past the police barricades. "By this time tomorrow, those trucks will be all over the streets."

"What's the body count at now?" I asked.

"NYPD reports say two hundred and six, but my inside source revealed it's double that," Lilly replied, earning my groan. "The last reports of an attack were at a college campus residence not far from here." So they were staying relatively close. That was good. "Thirty bodies, found an hour ago. The attack style sounds like fledglings." Lilly's voice hinted at nothing. Was anyone else afraid? No one seemed to be. Not sufficiently, anyway. Well, except for Mage.

"Why don't you make yourself useful and hit this place with another blast of your magic, Sofie?" Mortimer suggested as we watched the forensics team struggle to scale a heap of stone, evidence cases in hand.

"My magic is not endless, Mortimer." I would love to level the rest of Viggo and Mortimer's home with another explosion but I needed all of my power for what we were about to face-it was far more threatening than a few army trucks and a forensics team. "I also want something that may still be inside." A small canvas bag that held the only natural substance toxic to vampires. There was a very small chance-but still, a chance-that it remained intact.

"I'll come with you," Caden offered.

My mouth opened to refuse him. I probably would be better off going alone, but this ensured that Caden was not out of my sight. I'd promised Evangeline that I would protect them. I knew that Caden was at the top of her list. "Fine, the rest of you, stay here. If it looks like we're in trouble, provide some sort of distraction. If we separate, you all know where to meet."

Though Galen was a thorn in our heel every step of the way, he had prepared us well, arming us with programmed cell phones and two-way radios, blow torches and lighters for effectively killing fledglings where my magic might not be available, and a rendezvous location in front of the Alice in Wonderland statue in Central Park should we find ourselves dislocated. The last thing we wanted to do was lose track of our small team, especially when sunrise-and my difficult decision-would come quickly.

Caden and I scaled down the fire exit, leaping from one platform to the next with the ease of ghosts and without regard for spectators, though I doubted anyone would notice. They were too focused on the mayhem across the street.

"How do you want to do this?" Caden murmured as we ducked under the police tape.

"As quickly and quietly as possible," I hissed back as several police officers raised their hands to stop us. "Starting now." I ran, sensing Caden's presence beside me as we sprinted past the officers, forensics, and firefighters, leaving them scratching their heads.

As I'd hoped, the blast of fire had demolished everything above street level, but the underground remained passable. Several of the entrances were still open for passage, propped up by constructed wooden supports. Even in utter darkness, I could see numerous dusty footprints. The humans had already been down here, likely scouring for survivors.

But the small crowd of investigators hovering around the blood cellar had discovered something more. Judging by the frowns and low hum of voices and flashes of a camera, it was very concerning.

I couldn't blame them. The room resembled a morgue-Viggo did design it after all. Stainless steel panels stretched from floor to ceiling, and behind each one was a refrigerated drawer. The supply had been almost drained, leaving perhaps one or two drawers with evidence.

I'd destroy those before we left here tonight.

"Excuse me, gentlemen," I crooned, stepping into a beam from the temporarily erected light. "And madam," I added, nodding to the single female with a camera in hand and an FBI badge around her neck. Heads slowly turned toward my voice, unrushed, likely expecting another officer or specialist, there to feed them important information. "You shouldn't be down here. It's very unstable."

When their eyes scanned over my black attire, my wild red hair, my oddly casual smile, I saw the flickers of suspicion ignite.

Quickly penetrating each gaze with my own, I pulled all five minds into mine, watching the swirl of cloudiness take over their irises. "Forget you ever saw the contents of this room," I droned. "Turn around, walk to the end of the hall, and take the stairs up. Do not come back down. Report that you have found nothing of interest."

Like drones, the five began moving past us in single file, in the direction we'd just come. Caden edged past the last person to step into the very familiar cellar. He and his friends had spent many hours in here, trying to curb the uncontrollable urge that came with tasting human blood again.

That's when the tall, dark-haired man bringing up the rear raised a gun and shot Caden three times in quick succession. The sound of the blasts ricocheted through the hall, no doubt reaching the ears of those above.

With the handgun a mere foot away, the bullets exploded into Caden's back. Two of them exited his chest. The third did not.

The shuffle of feet behind me stalled, the loud bang interfering with my compulsion. "Exit, now!" I commanded, my eyes wide as Caden dropped to his knees with a growl, his face grimaced with pain.

Then the man turned the gun on me.

Luckily I was ready.

And I was faster.

Flying forward, I shoved the gun upward as his finger tugged the trigger, sending the bullet through his chin and into his skull. His body dropped to the ground in a heap, and his heart stopped beating a few seconds later. Yanking his limp hand, I immediately spotted the telltale tattoo of the People's Sentinel-an angled cross-on the meaty part of his thumb.

Lilly was right. They truly had infiltrated everything. And this one had clearly been spelled by the witches to resist compulsion. Dammit! I knew it was possible because I'd already faced it several times, but this time there were no signs, no warnings. The witches had somehow advanced their spell! As if we didn't have enough to deal with already.

Caden's growl stole all other concerns from me. "I won't heal!" He pushed out through clenched teeth, on his knees, his hand pressed against his chest.

"Shit," I cursed, dropping down to meet him eye to eye. Viggo had been kind enough to ram a wooden stake through my heart more than once so I knew how painful this was. One of the bullets must've lodged itself in Caden's heart. The Fates had designed our kind so strangely. Our hearts no longer beat, no longer sustained our lives, and yet we needed them wholly intact to function.

Footsteps pounded down the stairs in the distance. We'd have countless witnesses to deal with soon, which would lead to countless bodies. I'd hoped to avoid that. We needed to get out of here and I didn't have time for finesse. "Okay, hold still. This may hurt." Caden fought with gritted teeth to hold his scream in as my magical coils penetrated his chest, coiling around the bullet. Sure enough, it was lodged in his ventricle. I gave it a sharp tug, tearing through walls of muscles and bones and lungs and skin until the bullet clanked onto the dusty concrete.

I lost myself staring at it for a split second. What if that had been a "special gun," like the one that Mage had described, the kind that used explosive bullets specially designed to kill our kind? Caden would be dead! We hadn't been in the city for an hour and I'd have to go back to the mines and tell Evangeline that, after all that she'd been through, I'd gotten him killed. And for what? A bag of merth?

But he wasn't dead, I reminded myself, pushing the nausea away.

He would be fine in seconds. Knowing that, I left him to heal and ran into the vault, to the corner where the ventilation system hid a small canvas knapsack. I knew it was there without seeing it. I could feel the tingle deep within my core, the warning of danger. Tearing off the grate, I reached in. The bag tumbled down through the small space. I sighed with relief.

And followed the sigh with a slack-jawed stare.

A necklace-a chain with a smooth black heart-shaped stone-hung knotted around the strap.

The prickles on my neck spiked. My sixth sense for a special kind of evil.

Viggo had been here. And he'd been here since the attack.

He must've known where the merth was and he obviously knew that I would come for it. How, I was afraid to guess. But, he knew. And he wanted me to know that he was a step ahead of me, that he was near.

And that he was still a real threat.

"We have to go!" Caden called out urgently, his voice strong once again.

Remembering Mage's warning, I yanked the chain until it broke and covertly tucked the necklace into my pocket, then turned around.

"Drop the bag. Hands above your head!" a soldier yelled. I heard the safety kick off his gun, followed by a chorus of four more as several soldiers slid cautiously through the doorway to position themselves along the wall, all pointing heavy-duty weapons at our chests. My stomach tightened. These had to be the guns Mage was referring to. I instinctively scanned their hands. Two more Sentinel tattoos stared back at me.

There was no point compelling them, and we were in danger if we didn't get out of here.

"We have what we need," I said quietly, directed at Caden, hoping he'd understand.

His almost imperceptible nod told me that he did, thankfully.

We vanished up and out of what was once our asylum, a chain of explosions into an empty blood vault chasing us the entire way.

*

"All that for merth? Why the hell would you want that toxic weed, anyway?" Kait screeched, cowering away from Caden as he looped his arms through the canvas knapsack. His wince told me that he could feel the sting, though it wasn't enough to overtake him.

"Because it's the last of it in this world and we may have use for it in the future," I said, shaking my head at the garish vampiress, her bright orange painted lips glowing in the darkness. So typical of our kind. We were at the top of the food chain and would rid the world of anything that might threaten that position. Ignoring her further mutters of discord, I focused my attention on Caden. "Are you okay with that? I'd carry it but it can leach my magic, and we need that right now."

"I'm fine." He grimaced. "For now."

Giving his shoulder a pat, I stepped over to the edge to watch the latest excitement. More police had been called in to guard the perimeter and several new military trucks rolled in. We had no reason to go back in now, though.

"What happened in there?" Lilly asked.

"You were right-the Sentinel is everywhere. We can no longer trust our powers to compel," I muttered, not really answering her question. "I'm going to kill every last witch on this planet, if it's the last thing I do." They were the catalysts for this human revolt, giving them power they otherwise wouldn't have. If the humans would just live in ignorant bliss, we wouldn't be dealing with this.

The witches would never be satisfied. Ironic, given it was their causal enchantment-their need for immortality and youth and beauty-that created vampires to begin with.

If I killed the witches, this human army would lose much of its protection and intelligence. They would fade into the background and, after eliminating a few key leaders and letting generations pass, we could hope they would disappear forever.

Of course, the Fates would not approve of this, I was sure. Without witches, there would be no causal enchantments cast. Without causal enchantments, the Fates had no permission to meddle in our world, no reach to wreak havoc. I'd learned that from my brief encounter with them and I fully intended to use it.

I would never cast a causal enchantment again.

"Any sign of Viggo?" Mortimer called out.

Not trusting myself to speak, I shook my head no, unable to keep my gaze from flittering to Mage. She was watching me. Lying was the right thing to do and yet I dreamed of the day that honesty would take over. I'd been surviving in this web for far too long.

"I suppose that's good." Mortimer closed the distance to tower beside me.

I couldn't stop myself from asking, "Where do you suppose he is right now?" That sixth sense hadn't faded since the blood vault. I presumed that it had to do with the quarter-sized pendant tucked within my pocket, suddenly as heavy as a boulder. It wasn't that I didn't expect to face Viggo again. It was that I hadn't expected it this soon. And I wasn't one hundred percent sure how to interpret the meaning of the pendant left there. Was his plan to elicit fear?

Mortimer's mouth twisted. "If this were the calm and unruffled Viggo, then I'd suspect he was already halfway across the world, biding his time." The calm and unruffled Viggo had patience that could rival a Tibetan monk. He would wait years, decades, even centuries, to get what he wanted.

But we both knew that we no longer had that version. We had the one who had lost Veronique's heart, who had been outsmarted by a human, and who would be desperate for revenge. On Mortimer, on Mage, on the world.

War or not, I knew that I wouldn't rest until Viggo was dead. I wish I'd incinerated him. He'd vanished the second his hands left Evangeline's neck, before her body crumbled to the cobblestone, before I had a chance.

"Why?" I felt Mortimer's penetrating brown eyes settle on me and I knew I had stepped onto very thin ice, asking about our adversary.

"Just strategizing. But, let's focus on the immediate task. Jonah." Calling on my magic, I quickly recreated my simple tracking spell that had served us so well in finding Jonah the first time. If we could find him and his horde, we could be done with this quickly. I held the glowing purple bracelets out. Looking for multiple deaths would logically-in my spell-casting mind anyway-require multiple blood sources. "I need you all for this one." We couldn't waste our time with one-offs right now; we needed to find places where large groups were attacking.

A screeching metal sound filled the air-Caden and Bishop, tearing strips off a nearby solar panel. They handed them out. Those who knew what I needed from previous experience-Mage's and Evangeline's friends-slit their palms and held their hands above the magic coils, blood droplets splattering down.

"More! I need more!" I demanded, looking to Mortimer and the others, who quickly followed suit.

I set loose twenty tracking rings and slipped the sister links over my wrist. Leaning against a half wall, I settled in to wait for an alert, my arm a sleeve of glow-in-the-dark bangles.

We waited in silence.

And waited.

And again, my mind wandered, not to the witches or Jonah or the sanity of this plan, but to Viggo. What exactly was he up to, so boldly warning me? What was his plan of attack going to be? I didn't doubt for a second that he had one and that it would be malicious in intent and vicious in delivery.

Could he be watching us right now? My eyes roamed over the surrounding rooftops and shadows. If he could see Caden or me right now, would he know that Evangeline wasn't dead? He was certainly smart enough to realize that neither of us would care about a war if he had succeeded in killing her.

Mage sidled up to me. "Something caught your attention?" The woman could read me like a book. Maybe she'd been lying all along and could tap into all of our heads, reading our thoughts.

"Just my fears. Keep your eyes peeled."

"Any chance your magic is going to be useful sometime soon?" Galen muttered, less than five minutes later. The scowl hadn't left his face since the mines, deepening whenever his eyes drifted in my direction. If I had to guess, he was bitter with me for forcing him to leave Cecile in a pool of her own vomit.

I felt pity for him. Still, I couldn't keep the sneer from my lip, ready to show him just how useful my magic was at inflicting pain to insolent bastards.

If not for the sudden burst of purple light flashing from my wrist, I might have.

It was time.

"Follow me."

Like ghosts, we passed through the streets at inhuman speeds, the call from the bracelet growing stronger with each block. When we rounded a corner to see people screaming from a boutique hotel, we knew we'd found our first battle site.

Chapter Three - Evangeline

"Was I like this?" I leaned against the tunnel wall, Max's head resting on my lap, my attention riveted to the woman and man who lay motionless about ten feet away. Earlier, when Caden had led me out to them before leaving for New York City, they were already covered in puke. Much to my relief, Caden confirmed that I had missed the actual vomiting part of the transformation phase.

No, you were different.

"Of course I was." Why did I always have to be different? "Is this normal?" Aside from some beads of sweat, I'd seen nothing to indicate that they were even alive. I certainly sensed no heartbeat.

From what I've seen, yes. Though, I've only watched this transformation a handful of times. Well, a paw-ful, Max's deep voice rumbled inside my head, followed by that odd snorting sound that meant he was laughing.

His tacky joke made me smile and earned him an ear scratch.

"Didn't Mortimer turn anyone before he lost the ability?"

In case you hadn't noticed, Mortimer generally despises everyone. He wasn't keen on creating fledglings. Said he was afraid they'd hang off him like glue.

"Hmm ... I guess that makes sense," I said as he leaned into my hand. "Hey, I thought you didn't like being scratched like this." Max may once have been a dog but he's been this giant three-hundred-pound werebeast for almost four hundred years. He took offense to all comments and gestures that alluded to him still being a dog.

I suppose a few ear scratches are fine.

I could always rely on Max's droll sense of humor. "What do you think is wrong with me?"

You mean besides the new color of your eyes?

I frowned. "What do you mean?"

I take it Caden didn't mention it, he muttered. Sure, leave it to good ol' Max to break the news. Why not?

I sat up straight. "Break the news about what, Max?" When he didn't answer, I grabbed hold of one of his ears and yanked.

He grunted in pain. They may be more yellow than brown, okay?

I let go. "May be? How much more yellow? What do you mean, yellow ..." Panic bubbled up. "Like Rachel's eyes?" It seemed an eternity had passed since I last had to face that viper.

I wouldn't say as scary as that.

His words offered zero comfort. "But they're bad? You're telling me they're bad. I'm supposed to wake up beautiful and instead they gave me yellow snake eyes. Why would the Fates do that to me?" I banged my fist against the dirty stone floor.

They're not bad. They're just different.

I searched for a smart-ass remark, but a change in Cecile instantly pulled my thoughts away from ugly yellow eyes. "Do you see that?" I whispered excitedly. In awe, I watched as the two puncture wounds on the side of her neck, where Mage had injected her venom, began to shrink until nothing but a hint of dried blood remained. Other things changed as well. The ends of her frizzy blond hair smoothed into shiny waves, as if she'd spent hours in a salon. A small scar near her left earlobe vanished; her splotchy complexion smoothed to a porcelain finish. Even her body, already slender, seemed to fill out slightly.

Cecile's going to wake up first, Max informed me. When she does, pierce that blood bag and shove it into her face. We may as well get them feeding right away. Saves us from having to chase them down.

I was completely enthralled, watching her transformation. My eyes darted back and forth between her and the unconscious man-Brian, I remembered Kait calling him-a man in his forties with salt-and-pepper hair. He was moving through his final stage as well.

Finally, Cecile's eyelids fluttered open, revealing bright cornflower blue irises.

Break the bag now, Max instructed.

I listened, stabbing my thumb through the plastic. I tried to staunch the blood flow. With the blood shortage, we couldn't waste a drop.

A second passed and Cecile was on her feet, her wide eyes taking in our primitive surroundings. She finally looked at me, quickly zoning in on the bag in my hand.

Her nostrils flared.

I tossed the bag to her feet just as those pretty eyes began to morph, as her lip curled back into a vicious sneer. She dropped to her knees, teeth sinking into the fluid. Yet again, the difference between the other fledglings and me was becoming more and more apparent.

Had the Fates made me the village idiot of fledglings?

So focused on Cecile, I hadn't noticed that Brian had regained consciousness until he was already on his feet, his cognac-colored eyes morphing with the reaction to human blood.

Bag! Now! Max ordered.

I tossed it and Brian caught it midair, biting down until crimson spurted out the sides.

"What now?" I mumbled quietly to Max.

Grab the crate of blood and start moving toward the haulage tunnel. We need to lead them there.

Like dogs following a trail of treats, we led them back to the makeshift feeding space, tossing blood bags on the ground. Veronique and Julian remained exactly as we'd left them, cowering over their coolers. My entrance didn't even earn a glance.

I understood now what Sofie meant. They were sitting ducks. I could probably pour gasoline all over them and light a match before they noticed.

A heavy sense of loss lingered inside. When would I get the old Julian back? Caden mentioned he'd snap out of it in a few days but what about after that? From what they'd told me, Julian wouldn't be the friend I so cherished for a long time. Years, probably.

Uh, Evangeline? That was the only warning I got before low growls erupted behind me. I turned in time to see Brian and Cecile bolt toward Julian, their hands reaching to dive in. Apparently, the threat of having to share his blood supply was enough to momentarily break Julian's trance.

Oh, this is not good, Max declared as Julian, Cecile, and Brian faced off. Veronique watched warily from her corner but continued to feed, her fingers flexing as if readying herself for an attack.

"No shit," I said, rushing to the industrial-sized fridge. One container of bags remained. "What do I do?"

Split the container into two piles and set them out on the floor, farther away.

Following Max's instructions, I retrieved the blood bags and dumped them in two piles on the other side of the tunnel. "Over here!" I announced.

In answer, Julian grabbed Brian by his shirt and launched him across the tunnel to land by my feet. Cecile followed closely. The two scrambled to their respective piles and we once again had peace.

I edged over to stand next to Max. "That was close."

I'll bet you're happy to be an anomaly right about now, Max said.

"Aren't you?" I retorted, though I mulled over his choice of word. Anomaly. Is that what I was?

Max snorted in answer.

"Isn't this blood getting to you?"

I prefer the kill.

"Well, thank God for that because we wouldn't have enough blood for everyone," I said, pausing. "They're going through it fast, though."

We don't have enough to sustain four of them when they're feeding like this, Max agreed. At this rate, they're going to run out before Sofie and the others get back.

"And then what?" I said. We couldn't have them running loose. "This is a problem." I pulled out my phone and hit "one" on speed dial.

No answer.

Caden had warned me not to worry. That they were just busy. Still, the ball of anxiety festered in my core. I called three more times over the course of a half hour, watching the fledglings' supply slowly dwindle, before I realized that I was on my own here. I may have promised Caden but ... "Max, I have to go find more blood. It's as simple as that."

You can't leave. It's as simple as that.

"If I don't, we'll be leaving anyway, to chase four blood-crazed maniacs through the countryside of New York!" I argued. "If they're going to leave me here to babysit then I get to call the shots, not them."

He groaned but said nothing. Probably because he knew I was right.

"Where can I get more?" I pulled on a black leather jacket that lay on the ground. Not because I'd be cold, but because a young woman walking coatless on the winter streets at night would certainly draw attention.

With a huff, Max finally suggested, Kiril's men will know. We should be able to pick up their tracks fairly easily.

"We?" I turned to meet Max's eyes.

You think I'm going to let you go out there alone?

I threw my hands in the air. "What do you think is going to happen to me? I'm freaking immortal now!"

Max's tone was thick with doubt. Knowing you ... something.

*

"I win!" I teased, reaching the edge of the tree line, the fluorescent lights of the small hospital ahead now visible. Max had been right; it wasn't hard to find the wolves, likely because they found us first and had tried to force me back into the mine, thanks to Sofie's directive. When I explained our predicament, they quickly pointed me in the direction of this hospital, thirty miles west. It took us all of ten minutes to find the hospital. Now, all we had to do was hope that there was enough blood to make this worthwhile.

Because I had to avoid the twenty trees you took out along the way, Max said, joining me only seconds later.

"Two trees!" I corrected. Okay, so maybe I wasn't a hundred percent graceful just yet. Still, I remained boggled at the speed with which I was able to move through the woods, the deep snow providing no hindrance.

Besides, I let you win. "Whatever." I laughed, the light musical sound different from how I remembered my laughter sounding. It caught the attention of a nurse in the parking lot, her shoulders hunched against the cold, a cigarette in hand. I doubted she could see us from that distance but we stepped into the shadows anyway.

"How hard do you think this is going to be?" I watched the nurse extinguish her cigarette before turning to head back inside. It was late and few staff seemed to be milling about.

Just try not to look like you don't belong and you'll be fine, Max assured me.

"Right. I guess you're staying out here, then." Max was slightly more conspicuous and, though he'd managed to tail me unnoticed for most of my childhood, I didn't doubt that our luck would be tested tonight. "What if I attack someone?" Is this where my control would finally falter? At the first sound of a human heartbeat?

If you get past the desk nurse, you'll be fine.

"And ... if not?"

Then I'll have to come and pry you off.

I bit the inside of my mouth, hesitation flooding my nerve. "They must have visitors' hours. I can't just walk in there like this."

You can run past them without them even noticing! And if they do see you, then just compel them.

"I missed that part of the training course, Max," I grumbled. How the hell did I compel someone?

Whatever you do, you'd better figure it out quickly. Remington just checked on them. Julian and Veronique are down to their last ten bags and I'm guessing Cecile and Brian won't be willing to play sharesies.

"Crap." We were fortunate that Max could communicate with his brothers telepathically, even at a distance. I sighed. "Okay. But when we get back, you need to teach me how to talk to you like that." Caden and Bishop were able to talk telepathically with their werebeasts, back on Ratheus. There had to be a way for me to as well.

So you can order me around from afar? I'm so excited.

I headed for the main doors, my anxiety growing with each step, until my senses were so keenly aware of my surroundings-the lingering smell of the nurse's cigarette, the creak of the revolving door ahead-I struggled to focus on the task at hand.

At about twenty feet away the faint beat caught in my throat, just as earlier today, in the woods behind the mine. Only this wasn't the heartbeat of a black bear or two deer. It was the slow, rhythmic pulse of a relaxed individual.

And it didn't bother me. It didn't elicit any strong urges.

Still wary, I gritted my teeth as I quietly pushed through the door and moved into the front lobby, the single heartbeat growing louder with each step.

As suspected, there were visitors' hours and, based on the prominently placed sign at the front desk, I'd missed them by a large margin. Before the heavyset receptionist could look up from her desk to tell me to leave, I bolted past, leaving only a swinging door behind.

I didn't stop until I was beyond the "staff only" entrance in the hospital's operating wing and standing within one of the operating rooms. It was empty-of people, of heartbeats, and of blood.

"If I were blood, where would I be ..." I murmured, biting the inside of my cheek in thought as I searched the cupboards for hidden refrigeration compartments. I had never been inside a hospital, aside from my birth. By the third room, it was painfully obvious that keeping blood on hand in operating rooms was probably not standard protocol.

What if they didn't even have blood in this tiny hospital? Kiril said the next hospital was sixty miles farther.

So intent on my worries, I missed the rhythmic thump until a woman in scrubs with short, sandy hair pushed through the door. "Excuse me. You can't be in here!" She exclaimed, brown eyes glaring at me. She reached for the phone on the wall.

"Wait!" I called out, my hands raised, palms up in surrender as I edged closer. Her heart accelerated slightly, though not enough to indicate fear. Of course she wouldn't be afraid of me. I looked like a simple eighteen-year-old girl.

Her fingers hammered out an extension. In seconds, there'd be a phone ringing in some tiny office with television screens and a retired cop who was probably half-asleep in his chair. Sure, I could simply run. No one would catch me. But then I'd have security on alert as I continued my search for the blood supply. What did that mean? A fight? Guns? I wanted to do this as quietly as possible.

She made it to the second number before I closed the distance and slammed my hand down over hers to the sound of crunching bone, followed by her cry of pain.

I gasped as tears streamed down her cheeks, her pulse doubling within three beats.

"I'm so sorry!" I cried out. "I didn't mean to do that!" Her fingers, bent at awkward angles, were badly broken. When she held her hand up in front of her, her stifled sobs turned into wails.

"Shhhh!" I hissed, covering her mouth with my hand, as my ears caught the faint sound of footsteps in the hall. Still far away, but already too close for my comfort. With all the wailing, we only needed one person to walk past the door and alarms would be set off. I didn't want to hurt anyone else.

The nurse's sneakers squeaked as her feet edged backward toward the door

Yanking her farther into the operating room, I locked onto her terror-filled eyes. "Please! I need you to be quiet! Now!"

Her lips clamped shut and she silenced immediately.

I paused for a second, startled by how easily she'd obeyed. "I'm sorry about your hand," I whispered, my ears now perked for more intruders. "I need you to tell me where you keep your blood."

"Downstairs, next to the morgue. Room number one-oh-nine."

Excitement sparked inside. I would have my hands on blood shortly. "And how do I get in there?"

"Take the stairs at the end of the hall. You'll need my badge to get in," she answered robotically. Gazing into her eyes, I noticed the cloudy swirl in her irises.

It finally hit me.

I'd compelled this nurse.

Despite everything, I giggled. I did it! And without anyone's help!

Checking the name on the ID badge, I offered, "Thank you very much ... Peggy. You're going to go sit over there," I pointed to the corner farthest from the door, "and you're going to stay there quietly until that clock up there reads midnight." My eyes flittered to her fingers, already beginning to swell. By midnight, her hand would look a fright. I wish I at least had an icepack to offer her. I had other concerns, though. If the fledglings broke free, I'd have more to worry about than one broken hand.

Her head bobbed up and down and then she strolled over to the corner, turned to face the clock, and plunked down.

This was too easy.

A white coat hung on the prep room just outside the OR. I pulled it on over my clothing and made my way to the stairwell. The basement of this small hospital was exactly as I'd expected: dark, dingy, the heady odor of bleach and used bedpans permeating the air. The lights flickered in and out as I ran down the hall, scanning the room numbers, like a scene out of an old horror film.

Finding room 109, I swiped Peggy's security badge. When the light flashed green, I barged in.

The steady thump of another human heartbeat caught me off guard. A tall, lanky man hovered over two metal containers, a clipboard in hand, furiously scribbling something. His plain white uniform and jacket sported a blood transportation company logo. A visitor's badge hung from his neck. Not sure why he was down here at this time of night, but I wasn't going to complain. I was simply going to relieve him of his product.

His eyes narrowed as he studied my face. He glanced at my borrowed name tag. "You are not Dr. Magnotta."

I countered with a light stammer, "Yes, I am."

He blinked twice. And then smirked. "Dr. Magnotta is a sixty-year-old Italian man with a beard." Turning to give me his full attention, he demanded, "Who let you down here?"

I guess compulsion wasn't as easy as I had thought.

While I frantically grappled with what my next move should be, the man set his clipboard down and marched over to take hold of my wrist. "Okay, young lady. It's time we went upstairs to visit security."

I swung my arm out, intent on shaking his grip. In the next second, his lanky frame sailed backward, crashing into the tall refrigeration unit. With one, two, three blinks, his eyes settled back into his head and he slid down into a heap, the stainless door dented to the shape of his body, a streak of blood smearing where his head had dragged.

I stood still for a moment, mouth agape, waiting for him to regain consciousness.

But when the constant throb of his heartbeat in my throat faded, I knew that he wouldn't be waking up ever again. My hands flew to cover my mouth, to suppress the scream from escaping.

I had just unwittingly killed a man.

If I were still human, I would crumble to the ground in sobs. But instead, a warm wave of shock coursed through my body. I embraced the numbness, knowing I needed to get the hell out of there before I accidently hurt someone else. Or worse.

The containers that the man had been hovering over were filled with blood bags. Maybe enough to tide over Julian and the others. The paperwork suggested that he was here doing an emergency blood transport to another hospital closer to the city. I got here just in time.

Stacking the boxes, I wasted no time tearing down the hall and up the stairs. I kicked open the exit door and stepped into the cool night air. There, parked in the spot next to the loading dock, was a blood transportation truck.

Wait ... Perhaps ... No, that would be too easy.

I glanced around to find no one watching. Setting the containers on the ground, I ran back inside to the blood bank and rifled through the dead guy's pockets. Keys!

Despite the somber situation, when I opened the back of the truck, I couldn't help but smile. It was full of blood. I quickly hopped into the driver's seat, cranked the engine, and yanked on a lever until a "D" lit up, assuming that meant "drive". The truck lurched forward.

I tried not to speed through the parking lot to where I'd left Max, a mixture of exhilaration and fear coursing through my limbs. Slowing to a stop, I threw open the passenger side door and a large black shadow hopped in.

You've never driven anything before, Max stated.

"Bumper car at the local fair," I countered, gunning it out of the parking lot. It wouldn't be long before someone discovered the delivery guy or the nurse. I needed to be far away from here when they did. The last thing I wanted were police chasing me. I had no interest in learning what bullets through my body felt like.

What's the rush?

The back end of the truck fishtailed as I rounded a corner. "I accidently killed a man!"

Killed as in ...

"Slammed his head against a wall. It was an accident. I swear. I didn't mean to ..." My voice drifted with the weight of my guilt.

Max was silent for a moment, likely sensing my distress. Well, just be careful. We need to get this truck to the mines.

Three wrong turns, two speeding police cars heading toward the hospital, and forty-five minutes later-it would've been faster by foot-I pulled over onto the narrow shoulder. The mine was two miles inbound, with no driveways to get us all the way there.

They'll be looking for this truck by now and this road is too busy for someone not to report it, Max warned. We need to get this truck hidden now.

As if to prove his point, blue and red flashing lights appeared in my side view mirror. They were far in the distance-too far to identify us-but they looked to be moving at high speeds. "Crap! What do I do?"

You won't outrun them. His long snout pointed ahead. Hit the lights and put us into the ditch over there. No one will see it, unless they're looking.

"You mean over that cliff?"

Max snorted. You scared?

"No, just ..." The idea of intentionally driving the truck over a cliff had me all kinds of nervous. "Can't we run it off some other way?" Maybe a stick and a rock on the gas pedal?

Another quick glance in the side view showed the other flashing lights disappear into a valley. We didn't have time for that and we couldn't still be sitting here when it reappeared over the crest. "I hope this is a good idea, Max." I hit the lights and punched the gas pedal lightly until the truck rolled forward. The front wheels finally caught the edge and then we were quickly doing a nosedive off the road. The airbags inflated, filling the interior of the truck. An eye-watering pain punched me in the nose. I assumed the force had broken it but the pain lasted only a few seconds before the throb subsided.

I'd never get used to that.

"Max, are you okay?"

Glass smashed, followed by a loud creak of metal and branches snapping outside. Of course I am. And so are you. I pushed on the handle but the door had been jammed by the impact. Throwing my side into it, the entire thing fell off its hinges. I tumbled out, landing spread eagle in the snow. "Isn't my kind supposed to be more graceful?" I grumbled. Clambering to my hands and knees, I found chunks of the cell phone that Caden had given me lying in the snow, smashed in my escape. "Dammit!" A nauseating ball sprouted inside. How would I get hold of him now?

My hands froze with the sound of the approaching car. If it stopped, what would I do? I couldn't simply run. I needed the blood in this truck. I also couldn't have the police reporting our location and causing problems if they followed our tracks to the mine.

I would have to hurt them, something I had no interest in doing.

When the car sped past without slowing, its colored lights flashing against the night sky, I let out a heavy sigh of relief.

You did good tonight, kid. We would've been in trouble without this.

"I killed a man and hurt a woman, Max. That doesn't constitute 'good' in my books." Maybe it was because I was still new and inexperienced. Or maybe I'd never be as quick-thinking as Sofie or the others.

Yeah, well, with a truck's worth of blood, you've also saved lives tonight. Don't forget that.

I smiled. "Thanks for making me feel useful, Max."

Oh crap. The moment's over. Max took off into the woods, in the direction of the mine.

"What?" I yelled after him.

Come on. We better hurry.

Chapter Four - Sofie

The boutique hotel was infested. Three steps onto the marble floor of the lavishly decorated lobby, I was already sidestepping bodies. People ran past in various states of dress, the fire alarm ringing through the air. Whoever thought tripping that would be a good idea-likely the desk clerk whose black shoes I could see poking out from his hiding spot behind the counter-was horribly wrong. There was nothing more enticing to a fledgling than humans on the run, their hearts racing with fright.

Christmas season meant the hotel would be filled to capacity, people coming to enjoy the New York City nightlife over the holidays. Unfortunately for these guests, choosing this hotel meant they would die tonight too.

A cursory scan found several fledglings occupying the sitting area with fresh kills, festive gold and silver decorations a perverse backdrop against the splashes of crimson. How many more could be roaming the floors above me was anyone's guess.

Blue flames ignited on my fingertips.

"We get the humans out of here and kill the fledglings," I declared.

"Why waste time on the-" Kait said.

"Go!" I snapped as I unleashed bolts of fire, charring the five fledglings within seconds, their short-lived screams piercing. I could have destroyed the hotel and been done with it, but that would have meant burning humans alive. I couldn't bring myself to commit mass murder of innocent people. Not yet.

We would kill these fledglings one by one if we had to.

That was how we proceeded as I chased my tiny army up the stairwell. Floor by floor, room by room, our dark clothes quickly earned a layer of both fledgling and human blood, until every living human left-which wasn't many on the first two floors-was exiting the front door and every fledgling was left in ashes.

*

"Well, that was easy," Bishop said sarcastically. From the shadows across the street, we watched the firefighters battle the blaze. I had torched the building to eliminate evidence. They'd be at it for hours. The kind of witch fire I used burned hot enough to turn bone to dust in minutes and took longer to extinguish. They'd find no remains. It had drained my magical reserves.

It actually had been easy. Too easy. "I counted forty-two," I said. They had fought well, better than expected for such young creatures. That was more than a little concerning.

"And no Jonah." Mage's eyes scanned the streets. "I can't imagine where he would be, if not with his horde."

"Unless that wasn't his only horde," Caden pointed out, wiping fledgling blood from his cheek. "What if there's a larger one out there?"

A collective groan escaped just as the bright purple light of another tracking bracelet ignited on my wrist. "Here we go again," I muttered.

*

"I can't stand being underground," Kait grumbled as we moved down into the subway system, unsure what would be waiting at the bottom. Thankfully, only a few late-night revelers lingered on the platform, all of them alive and well, if not a tad drunk. Wherever the bracelet was leading us, it was happening within the subway tunnels.

"They must be on a train," Galen said, leaning over to check the tunnel in both directions.

"Then we go after the train." I hopped onto the tracks, earning gasps from the unsuspecting humans. I ignored them. "Avoid that one unless you want to find out what six hundred volts of electricity feels like," I hollered back, pointing to the third rail as the rest of the group followed.

"I have a bad feeling about this," Mage hissed as she ran alongside me. "Stick together so we leave together when the time comes."

Footsteps trailed behind me as we tore through the tunnels, the purple glow the only light within the darkness, until finally, the back of a moving subway train came into sight ahead. "They must have reached the driver already," Kait hollered as the train whizzed past the platform. Confused scowls dressed the faces of waiting patrons, all of them completely unaware how lucky they were to not be boarding this train.

We ran for it, easily hopping onto the back. I pushed through the doors to enter the last car.

The fledglings had been here all right.

"Come on." I charged forward through the car with grim determination, doing my best to ignore the carnage left on the seats and the floor. Car after car, the scene was the same; the fledglings had swept through like locusts. Not a single heartbeat pounded.

The only thing I could be thankful for at this point was that it was late at night and therefore not as busy.

We finally found the fledglings in the last train car. Dozens of them, still finishing off the last few passengers. They'd be easy to kill. But many others stood in the aisle, their eyes glued to the windows.

Waiting.

Those wouldn't be as easy to kill.

They turned as one, their hideous crimson eyes locking on me. Assessing me. They couldn't possibly mistake me for human. But would they realize that they were in danger before I killed them all?

"That's the one," someone hissed, his reedy finger jabbing the air at me. "That's her."

"Me?" I touched my chest in mock concern as flames shot to my fingers. I now knew that someone was dispensing instructions regarding a redhead who wasn't afraid of them. The question was, who? "Get back, all of you!" I ordered behind me as the closest fledglings leapt forward. Spurts of fire shot out from my fingers, engulfing the vampires.

The flames sparked instant chaos, the fledglings' shrill screams piercing. Several farther back in the car crashed through the windows of the speeding train.

In my haste, I hadn't thought to build a shield around myself and now they were pushing closer in an act of defiance. If I wasn't careful, I'd burn with them.

"Sofie!" An arm around my waist pulled me through the door and into the car behind us. Mortimer shoved a metal bar through the sliding mechanism, keeping them from following us.

I unleashed as much fire as I could, cloaking the outside of the last car to keep the remaining fledglings inside as I forced the flames in through the broken windows, reaching like tentacles. I could hear their screams but I closed my eyes. They all needed to die.

Behind me, Amelie yelled about something up ahead. I opened my eyes in time to see the tunnel open up into a dimly lit station. The platform was crawling with fledglings, most likely the ones who'd escaped from the car ahead.

Amelie and Galen crashed through the window, as the fledglings had, to land on the platform just before we were plunged back into the tunnel's darkness.

I counted how many of us remained in the car. Seven. "Where's Kait?"

"She went after the first fledglings that jumped," Lilly said.

"What happened to staying together?" I yelled in disbelief just as a purple glow bloomed on my arm-a tracking bracelet igniting, followed quickly by a second.

And then a third.

I stared at my wrist with dismay. How many hordes were there?

"Let's go," Mage said, tugging at my arm.

"Are you nuts? We need to stop this train!" On fire, with no driver, moving at high speeds, the train was a missile. "I can slow it down." I reached forward with long magic tendrils, intent on seizing the brakes.

"We don't have time!" Mage barked, her sudden acidity breaking my concentration. My magic evaporated. "That will drain your magic. You can't waste your reserves on the nonessential."

"Mage!" I argued, my hand flying out ahead of us. "This will kill a lot of people."

"That was another sizeable horde of fledglings and Jonah was not there." Her black eyes flashed. "I think the fledglings are already evolving. And if that's the case, then we cannot save these people anyway," she said, unwavering. "We must go now."

Three more bracelets lit up, as if to emphasize her point.

With great reluctance, I followed them down the length of the train and onto the tracks, running back toward the platform where Galen and Amelie jumped off, leaving the speeding train to its destruction.

Just as we reached the platform, an explosion rattled through the tunnel. The train must've plowed into the one ahead. The ground shook with the magnitude of a mild earthquake. Bits of dirt and concrete rained down as the underground tunnels struggled to hold. The terrible, high-pitch screeches of metal dragged on for an eternity.

I winced at the horrific images that filled my mind.

And then I clenched my jaw at the horrific reality in front of me.

This had been a busy station with a lot of people waiting. Left behind was a platform of corpses. So many corpses, a person would have to pick a path to get out. And not a single fledgling, which seemed improbable.

"Amelie!" Caden's deep voice echoed through the station as he hopped up onto the platform. He stood frozen. No raspy answer came. "Amelie!" Turning to me, he yelled, "Where the hell is she?" Not waiting for my answer, he darted between the bodies, inspecting their faces.

He stopped dead in his tracks, his mouth opening wide.

My insides roiled. Leaping onto the platform, I ran to join him. Maybe I could save her, maybe there was something I could do. Maybe ...

I gasped with relief when I saw that it wasn't Amelie. It wasn't even a female.

The relief was only short-lived. As I took in Galen's lifeless face, a gaping hole in his chest, dread slammed into me.

"Lilly!" I called out, my voice cracking.

She appeared next to me almost instantly. I turned in time to watch her childlike face crumble. "This doesn't ...," her head shaking back and forth, "... make sense." Kneeling beside his body, she lifted his hand and then let it go, watching it drop to the speckled tile. "A fledgling can't kill a thousand-year-old vampire. This just ..." Standing, she peered first at me and then at Mage. "This doesn't make sense."

A prickle of worry ignited inside me-she was right. Fledglings couldn't do this, especially not while on the run. I didn't care what Mage said about their evolution. They weren't strong or smart or controlled enough to take down someone as skilled as Galen.

There was, however, one person who was.

But the only way he could claim responsibility would be by being one step ahead of us, lying in wait. I hoped I was wrong.

Because Amelie was missing.

"You need to come take a look at this," Bishop called, his foot nudging the body of a young Asian man. I stepped around the bodies, closing the distance just as vomit shot out of the man's mouth.

"He's changing," I stated, my gaze rolling over the other bodies. "Check the others." Mortimer, Bishop, Fiona, and I inspected the litter of bodies and found five more already wearing their stomach contents; another six were convulsing. "Twelve of them are changing."

In their killing spree, the fledglings had managed to create twelve new vampires.

"They are evolving," Mage whispered without even a hint of "I told you so." There was nothing to gloat about here. If those fledglings could go from mass murder to using their venom while on the run, we were in real trouble.

With a thought and flicker of my fingers, twelve individual pyres erupted on the platform floor, the smell of burning flesh curling my nostrils. I stopped on Galen, waiting until Lilly gave her silent nod. When she stepped away, I ignited him too.

He'd been a pain in the ass but he didn't deserve this.

"Caden, have you tried calling her? Maybe she went after a stray." I prayed that everyone else was too distracted to connect the dots.

With a shake, Caden pulled out his cell. And frowned.

"What's wrong?"

"Evangeline. She called me. Five times." He punched in a button and held the phone to his ear, muttering, "I was too distracted to answer."

"She's probably just worried." I watched as he paced, scowling. The faint ringing on the other end went on and on and ... no answer.

Sliding the phone into his pocket, he settled a hard-jawed look on me.

"Go find out," I commanded. "Call me when you know."

He vanished.

"And then there were six," Mage said under her breath. I couldn't tell if that was a warning to me, but I didn't care. My weakness had always been and always would be Evangeline. I wouldn't think straight until I knew she was okay.

The flashing tracking bracelets around my arm reminded me that we had to move. But to where? I was being pulled in every direction! I headed for the stairs, hoping to get a better feel when we reached street level. This place would be crawling with emergency crews soon enough anyway.

My boot hit the first step when Lilly yelled out, "Sofie!" I turned to find her staring at me, her own phone to her ears. "Forget the trackers. We need to go that way." Her little black bob shifted smoothly as she nodded toward the tunnels.

"Why?"

Her lips pressed together. "Kait thinks she found Jonah's horde." By her grim expression, I knew that it wasn't coming as good news.

Chapter Five - Evangeline

"Julian!" I screamed, pushing past the snarling wolves, balancing two containers of blood against my chest.

It did nothing to distract Julian, his hands gripping Brian's neck as he bashed the man's head against the hard ground. Over and over again, relentlessly. I could see the back of his mangled skull-matted with blood-and, though I knew it would heal on its own if it had time, it didn't appear that Julian would be letting up.

To my left, Veronique faced off against Cecile, the two vampiresses baring their teeth and snarling at each other as Cecile hovered over the cooler of blood.

A quick glance at Julian's and Veronique's empty cartons identified the catalyst of this brutality.

"Julian! Here!" I dropped the containers to the ground and peeled off the lids. That caught Veronique's attention. Within two blinks, she was at my feet, sinking her teeth into a fresh bag.

But Julian's rage persisted and bits of bone and gray matter splattered the ground.

I warned you. Vampires aren't keen on sharing, Max said.

"Julian. Hey ..." I ran over to my friend-the friend who had saved me when Ursula wanted me dead, the friend who I shared more in common with than anyone else in this entire ordeal-and grabbed his shoulder, trying to break the murderous rampage he was on.

My touch apparently turned that murderous rampage onto me.

He lashed out, growling, his wild arm connecting with my jaw. The bone cracked and pain reflected through my neck and skull. Another round coursed through my back as I slammed into the wall. One ... two ... for three seconds I was sure I would defy all odds and cry. Then the pain dissipated and I was whole again.

I scrambled to my feet just as Julian stalked forward, his hands out, looking ready to tear me apart. Though I knew I'd heal, eventually, I also knew this was going to hurt. He was so much stronger than I was.

"Julian ..." My hands went up in surrender. "You don't want to-"

A massive black body flew at him from the right. Max's jaws wrapped around Julian's neck, primed to tear out his jugular.

I shrieked as I watched them tumble in a pile of fur and skin, claws raking and fists flying. Brian found his way to his feet, his skull no longer smashed. His hateful eyes locked on Julian, as if waiting his turn.

The sound of a bone snapping, followed by a canine yelp echoed through the tunnel, setting my hair on end. I knew Max would heal but hearing his pain was worse than feeling my own.

Max struggled to stand, one of his hind legs very obviously broken, his ocher eyes still fixed on Julian. He would attack again to protect me, even with broken bones.

For the love of God, Max, just stay down. You stubborn fool! I silently screamed as Julian rose to his feet, his attention shifting between Brian and me, as if deciding whom to attack first.

Fine, but he's a dirty fighter. Watch out.

My mouth dropped in shock, temporarily distracted. Did I just ... You can hear me?

There was a pause. Yes. I suppose I can. Max turned to me, and I swear the big beast may have smiled.

Julian came at me again, face contorted with rage, eyes red and veiny, looking ready to rip my head off my shoulders. That strange energy bubbled in my core, and I assumed it was terror-I'd be lying if I didn't admit that I was terrified. I didn't want to fight. I just wanted my friend back.

With that silent plea in my mind, my hand flew out in front of me, palm out. "Julian! Stop!"

His charge ended as his feet planted themselves. He blinked and squinted several times, as if trying to regain focus. "Evie?"

Had I somehow gotten through to him? "Yes, it's me. Your friend. You've been in this haze for hours. It's time to take a break."

He blinked several more times, like he'd just awoken from a dream. The red disappeared from his eyes, his pupils returning to normal. "Did I hit you?" His eyes widened. "I'm sorry! I don't know what got into-"

The distraction afforded Brian his chance. He lunged, sending Julian flying back, his head smashing into the stone wall. As Julian crumpled, Brian charged forward, grabbing hold of Julian's shirt to pummel his body against the wall, looking intent on returning the brain-bashing favor. Julian cried out as his bones shattered without a chance to heal.

Rage erupted inside me. I charged after Brian, throwing my body into his side. The force sent us flying across the room. The refrigerator broke our momentum, teetering a few times before the entire thing toppled, a prominent dent visible in its steel door.

Brian regained his balance and hovered over me, his hands around my neck, an intense look in his eyes as his fingers tightened around my flesh.

"Go to your cooler!" I croaked as my arm flailed toward the opposite side of the tunnel. Brian froze. His eyes darted between me and the corner twice before he released his grip and quickly claimed his spot, his teeth sinking into a fresh blood bag.

Well, I'll be a monkey's uncle.

"What?" I rubbed the sting out of my neck, watching Brian with distrustful eyes.

What do you mean, what? Max retorted. Brian was ready to break your neck and he just stopped. That doesn't happen.

"It just did."

"Are you okay?" Julian asked, helping me up. "That guy's an ass**le."

"Yeah, well, you haven't exactly been charming lately, either."

Julian grinned sheepishly. I couldn't help myself; I threw my arms around his neck in a tight embrace. "You were horrible! I'm so glad you're back. Please stay like this."

I felt his body relax and mold itself into mine. I closed my eyes and sighed, a wave of contentment spreading through me.

He suddenly pulled away, his eyes searching with anticipation. "I need to see Amelie."

"We need to stay here."

"But-"

"I know. I get it." I grabbed his hand and squeezed as I recited the reasons that only hours ago I'd fought to accept. "It's too dangerous for us to be there. They can't fight and watch over us at the same time. We need to stay here."

He nodded, indicating that he understood, and the distraught aura around him faded.

Max's nose jabbed into my shoulder. Try something for me. Go tell Veronique to stop feeding.

I felt my face scrunch up as I looked over at the petite French woman, now sitting back against the wall with her eyes closed, a bag hanging from her mouth.

Just do it.

With the commotion, I forgot that I'd been able to talk to him telepathically before. I was desperate to do it again. Why? I asked inside my head, hoping my conscious effort to converse with him was enough to relay the words. I didn't seem to be tied to all of his thoughts and I hoped he wasn't privy to all of mine.

I have a theory.

With a smile-we could finally communicate telepathically!-I closed the distance. Veronique's hideous red eyes narrowed suspiciously as she assessed me.

"Veronique," I fought the urge to look away. "You need to stop feeding. You've had enough. Your needs are satisfied for now."

I expected her to cackle wickedly. I expected her to snarl, perhaps spit. But she regarded me for a moment, and then her hand dropped, taking the bag with it. Slowly, her eyes returned to their normal beautiful olive green.

What the ... "Max?" I asked slowly, unable to peel my eyes from her face. Though I didn't know Veronique well, the strange connection we'd lived through for a time, thanks to the pendant and the curse, had bonded us.

He sauntered over to stand beside me. I think you just compelled a vampire.

"But ... but ..." That was impossible. Vampires could not be compelled by anyone but the original vampire. Mage could compel vampires. But I was not the original vampire. "Evangeline?" Veronique's delicate French accent was such a contradiction to the ravenous side we'd just seen. "Where is Mortimer?"

"In New York City. He'll be back soon."

She nodded. "Why are you staring at me like that?"

"I'm just ... I ..." I leaned back on my heels, stumped. "How do you feel?"

Her mouth puckered. "Satisfied?"

Max's loud snort filled the cave and I couldn't help but giggle.

I could compel vampires. How on earth had this happened?

I was still giggling to myself when Caden stormed in.

"Evangeline!" I didn't have a beating heart anymore and yet something skipped inside me with the sound of his voice. "What's wrong? What happened?"

"Nothing's wrong!" I threw my arms around his neck, inhaling his delicious scent. It was slightly off. Pulling back, I quickly saw why. "Except you're covered in blood."

He grimaced. "Yeah, I know. What happened here? Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. How bad is it out there?"

Though I'd been too excited to notice it immediately, I could sense his worry. "Not sure yet. I saw that you called. Five times." He took in the room, his eyes skimming over Cecile and Brian, lingering on Veronique and Julian for a long moment, before settling on the turned-over fridge. "What happened?" he pressed.

"They were going through the supply really fast and we were going to run out so Max and I went out to-"

"You went out?" Jade eyes sparked with anger. "You promised me you'd stay here!"

"Well, I had no other choice!" I snapped, indignation suddenly flaring. "Besides, I'm fine around humans. I didn't lose control," I assured him. Not in the way we he had feared, anyway.

"And what if you'd gotten hurt?"

My head fell back with my groan. I was used to Caden worrying about my safety when I was a human. But I wasn't human anymore and he needed to stop treating me like a piece of glass. "Would you just listen?" I didn't want this to turn into a fight. "We had to get blood so we went to a hospital about thirty miles west of here. I stole an entire truck of it. It's about two miles back that way. I drove it off a cliff." Caden's brow arched but I rushed on before he could interrupt. "We got back just in time because they were already fighting over the last bags like barbarians. They'd either still be bashing each other's heads in or we'd be chasing them through the town by now. I'm fine, Max is fine, and there's more supply that we need to bring in." I reached into my pocket and pulled out my shattered phone. "This was a casualty."

Caden exhaled, tossing his black knapsack into the corner. "Maybe you do have things under control."

"Maybe," I teased, earning a grin as he reached out and pulled me to him.

Turning to Julian, he said, "Good to see you civil again." Julian closed the distance, clasping hands with Caden. There was a time when Caden wanted to kill Julian. Once he understood that Julian and I had never been anything more than just friends, he'd become much more amiable.

"Where's your sister?" Chocolate-brown eyes wandered past Caden to the tunnel. "Did she come with you?"

Caden paused and, though his expression never changed, I felt the tension rippling through his body. "No, she didn't. She's still back in New York." His forehead wrinkled. "You seem to have a handle on things. Quick too. We were expecting you to be more like ...," Caden jutted his head in Brian's direction, "for the next couple of days."

"Yeah," Julian scratched the back of his head, a sheepish smile on his face. "I don't know how I managed but thank God I'm over that."

"I think I know." Four sets of eyes turned to me. Was Caden going to think this was absolutely insane? Probably. I opened my mouth to explain when Max cut me off.

Don't say anything. Not within earshot of Julian and Veronique.

I frowned at my protector. Why not?

Because, what if you're like Mage? You won't be able to compel Julian anymore.

Huh. He had a point. Mage had told us that her powers to compel were negated once the vampire knew what she could do. If I was the same as Mage, then I didn't want to blow this neat trick of mine by announcing it to everyone.

"What's going on, Evie?" Caden's gaze passed between Max and me. I couldn't lie. Not anymore. I'd spent weeks lying to him about Julian-about my relationship with him, about Julian being a Sentinel spy-and I promised myself I would never do it again.

Still, Max was right. I leaned in, reveling in the strength of his body pressed against mine as I whispered, "Later, okay?" Pulling away, I followed that more loudly with, "I can talk to Max inside my head now."

Caden dipped his head covertly and then smirked. "Finally." He turned to the big beast. "You must be thrilled, Max."

That remains to be seen, Max muttered, earning my eye roll.

The sound of approaching footsteps turned our attention to the end of the tunnel. Kiril's men stormed in, arms laden with cartons from the truck.

"Is there more?"

A grunt answered him. The wolves had never been much for talking to any of us. From what Sofie had told me, they hated vampires. It was only thanks to a favor owed to her that they continued to help us.

"Great. We'll grab it." Caden swiftly led me out of the mine by the hand. "Which direction?"

"I'm coming," Julian called out, echoed by Veronique seconds later.

"No," I threw out quickly, turning to meet their gazes. "I need to talk to Caden alone."

We stepped out into the fresh, cool night. "The truck's that way." I pointed north.

Caden took off, glancing over his shoulder once with a teasing smile. I took the bait, running after him, never able to catch up but thrilled to see his strong, lean frame move swiftly through the thicket, dodging trees and branches, practically gliding over the deep snow banks.

I managed to only take one small tree down.

By the time I made it to the truck, he was in the driver's side, inspecting the smear of blood on the now-deflated air bags.

"See? Perfect again." I wriggled my nose for effect.

A glimmer of movement, and then he was standing in front of me, head bowed to lay a soft peck on my nose. When I was human, Caden always surprised me, sending shivers through my body when he would suddenly appear, his movements too quick for my mortal eyes. It would be so much more difficult for him to catch me off guard, but it wasn't any less thrilling.

"Yes, it is." He pulled me against his body as his mouth found mine.

"Won't it be nice when we don't have to run anymore? We can just do this for hours," I whispered between kisses.

"Days," he corrected as his tongue slid against my bottom lip.

"Years." I deepened the kiss, my fingers winding through his thick hair.

And that's when his phone rang. Caden broke off with a groan and, sliding the phone out of his pocket, he answered. It was Lilly's voice on the other end, but her words were clipped and low.

"Where are you?" Caden asked. A moment later, "Have you found her?" His frown told me that whoever "she" was, was still missing, a prospect that instantly wrenched my nerves. "I'm on my way. I'll meet you at the rendezvous point. I'm going to leave my phone here, for Evie. Hers is gone. Keep trying, Lilly."

"Who's missing?" I asked as Caden tucked his phone into my coat pocket.

His arms around me, his mouth pressed against my forehead, he whispered, "Amelie."

Alarm sparked. I pulled away to look at him. "What do you mean! Where is she?"

"I don't know. She went after some fledglings one minute and the next ... gone. Probably got caught up in the chase. I'm hoping that's all it is." He bowed his head, his eyes squeezing shut for a long moment. Caden and Amelie were closer than any siblings I'd ever met, each willing to sacrifice everything for the other.

"And ..." Serious eyes opened to settle on me. "Galen's dead."

My mouth hung open. "Dead? But ... how? The fledglings?"

Caden nodded.

"But I thought they were easy to kill. Sitting ducks! Baby chicks!" I threw out the analogies I'd heard in the past. If the fledglings could kill someone as battle-hardened as Galen, then ...

A lump formed in my throat. "Let me come with you. I can help find her."

Caden's head was shaking before I even finished. "No. I can't be worrying about you out there. You're safe here, with Julian and the others."

My hands flew to my mouth with a gasp. "Oh my God, Julian!" What would happen when he found out?

"Do not tell him." Caden's hands cupped my cheeks as he leveled me with a stern stare. "I mean it, Evie. Don't say a word. He will go nuts."

"Okay." I hoped Julian didn't bring her up again. I was a terrible liar. Leo, Viggo's old butler, used to say I was allergic to holding a secret. I guess I didn't have a choice. Caden was right. "But you're going to find her, right?" Another thought hit me. "What about Lilly and the missiles? What if-"

"We'll find her before sunrise. We will." His jaw tightened.

"We have to," I urged.

Caden closed his eyes and nodded. "Don't worry."

That's all I was going to do between now and sunrise, though. Worry.

Leaning against the side of the truck, Caden crossed his arms over his chest. His very stance had heat coursing through my body. "What's this big thing you couldn't tell me earlier?"

I paused. No secrets between us. That was the deal. What was he going to say about this? Would it bother him? Would he not trust me? I hoped not but our kind was such an untrusting bunch. "I can compel vampires." Caden's lips remained pressed together as I told him about Max's suspicions.

"That's impossible, Eve. Max is just screwing with you."

"I don't think so, Caden. It was really strange. They went from raging maniacs one second to calm and composed in the next. You saw Veronique and Julian back there. They weren't like that ten minutes before you arrived. Is it normal for a fledgling to just switch off like that?"

He began to pace, his hands resting on top of his head, his shirt inching up to reveal that ridge above his belt line that I loved so much. It reminded me of the waterfalls in Ratheus, of the rundown shack in the woods behind the Chateau, and of our short time earlier today. We'd spent so much of our time running scared. I was desperate to stop running. To stop being scared. To just enjoy being with Caden.

"Believe me, I know it sounds crazy. But you've already said that I'm different. What if I can do things that are different?"

"If this is true ... You're completely in control of yourself. It's like you haven't transformed. Only you have! We all witnessed it. And now you think you can compel our kind into thinking they don't want to feed?" He drew one side of his cheek in as he bit the inside of it. Caden had always been the practical if not slightly pessimistic one. I couldn't blame him, after all he'd been through. "If this is true, then I don't know what the hell the Fates are up to. It sounds like they're helping us. And they have never truly helped us." He yanked a case of blood from the truck. Grabbing my hand, he pulled me back toward the mine. "I need to see this to believe it."

*

"Hungry?" Caden nudged the container by Celine's feet, earning a snarl. With a smile-I think that was the response he was looking for-Caden sent it sprawling across the uneven ground. Bags scattered everywhere.

Celine lunged, her long fingernails raking four gouges in his cheek. Without thought, I ran for her, intent on sending her body into the wall.

"Evie!" Strong arms grabbed me and Caden's soft chuckle tickled my ear. "I'm fine." A look his way confirmed that his face was back to its perfect state. Letting go, he nodded toward Celine, his eyes widening with expectation. I approached the fledgling as she scrambled to collect the bags. She eyed me suspiciously, her lip furled. I truly hoped this would work. If I could compel her to be less feral, I think everyone would be happy. "Celine, you've had enough for today. Go put it all back in the refrigerator."

Her hands stilled, her fingers twitching slightly as if she wasn't sure what exactly she should do. I waited.

And then she stood and very quietly carried the cooler to the upturned refrigerator. Caden and I watched as she yanked open the door and slid the box in. When she faced us again, her eyes were back to their pretty cornflower blue. "Who are you?" she asked in a soft voice, her southern twang lulling.

I smiled. It had worked. "I'm Evangeline," I said. "That's Caden. Over there is Julian and Veronique." I didn't introduce Brian, though Celine turned to eye him. I caught the recognition, followed by repulsion, and then embarrassment flicker across her face. She had likely picked through the haze in her head to her own memories of snarling at Caden only moments ago.

There was a pause, and then, "Where's Galen?"

My mouth opened but nothing came out.

How could that question have caught me off guard? Of course she'd want to know. Julian had asked right away; Veronique as well. Aside from the irrepressible craving, a loved one would be the first thing on the mind of a vampire. Always. I shouldn't be surprised. Caden was the first thing on my mind when I came around. "He had to go deal with issues in New York City, but he insisted that you stay here, where it's safe," Caden lied, warning me with a severe glare, though he didn't need to. I wasn't in a rush to crush her soul.

I plastered a smile on my face, though it couldn't possibly look sincere. Try as I might, I couldn't keep my eyes from grazing Julian's. I hoped he couldn't read the anxious look in them. What would Julian do if he found out about Amelie? What if they couldn't find her?

Nodding slowly, Cecile continued her assessment of the tunnel. She finally smiled, her face brightening until it appeared almost angelic. "It worked," she stated. "It really worked!"

A sick feeling stirred in my belly, knowing that her smile would soon vanish forever. She'd likely throw herself into a fire.

A hand slid along the small of my back. "It certainly did," Caden said with an awestruck gaze. Leaning in, his lips tickled my earlobe as he whispered, "Amazing. You going to do the other one too?"

"He seems adequately entertained for now. Less trouble." Brian hadn't moved from his corner, though he didn't seem to be in such a frenzy anymore, the pile of empty plastic next to him growing at a slower rate.

Caden's soft chuckle warmed my heart but it faded too fast. "I need to go." My fingers latched on to his biceps, the muscles beneath tensing in response. "And you need to stay." He kissed me briefly and then pulled away. "You're not just a babysitter, Evangeline. Believe me. Stay with them. Keep them safe." He pointed to the knapsack lying on the ground. "And stay the hell way from that."

"Why? What is-"

"Merth."

I glared at the bag with a new level of disgust. It had proven useful to me time and time again as a human, but I was now on the other side of the fence with the silvery plant and I would feel its wrath like a thousand razor blades cutting into my skin.

"Exactly. We won't need it for the time being anyway."

I pulled Caden into me, desperate for another second of contact, dread gnawing at me. "How long will you be gone?"

His sculpted jaw tightened. "We'll be back by sunrise."

Still hours away. "Call me with updates," I demanded. "Every hour." With one last kiss, Caden vanished.

I stared after him for a long moment, my mood crashing as I gripped the phone he'd left me. It was my only lifeline to him now. "I'm going to lose my mind waiting for them."

Approaching footsteps and an arm wrapping around my shoulders reminded me that I wasn't alone. "The mountains of Siberia didn't seem so bad next to this, did they?" I turned to catch Julian's feeble attempt at a smile.

*

"Amelie brought me here earlier today." Julian's rich brown eyes looked out over the blanket of stars, their brilliant twinkle like diamonds in the sky.

"Of course she did," I snorted, my feet balanced precariously atop the rocky precipice, thinking how very much "Amelie" this treacherous mountain peak was. Lose my balance and I could be sailing off a two hundred foot cliff in seconds.

His arm rested lazily over my shoulder. "Relax and trust your abilities. We're not going to fall. Vampires don't fall."

I inhaled the fresh, cold air, enjoying the much needed space after spending an hour enlightening Celine about the impending doom of our world and witnessing the excited sparkle in her bright blue eyes extinguish.

This excursion hadn't come without a heated telepathic battle with Max and the need to compel Veronique and Celine from tailing us. At first I hadn't even wanted Julian with me, afraid of what might happen if he crossed paths with a human. What if I couldn't compel him? But, after agreeing to stick to the high mountains where risk of running into a human was almost nonexistent, I yielded.

"Do you think there's another planet like ours out there? One that, in seven hundred years, will be facing human extinction?" Julian asked.

"I don't know." It was a good question. Would a girl just like the old naive, confused me show up in the middle of the woods one night seven hundred years from now, believing that she was sleepwalking, a glowing pendant searing her chest? Would she meet and fall in love with a creature too beautiful to be human? Would she find herself in one trap and then another, and another, fighting for her life and her happiness?

The demise of Ratheus may have begun on a different path, according to Mage, but the path led to the same dilemma we faced today. How many more paths led here? What other games did the Fates have up their billowy sleeves? What entertainment at the expense of entire worlds did they relish?

My gaze shifted southeast, toward New York City. Nothing but black.

Julian groaned. "I'm gonna lose my shit if I don't get my hands on Amelie again and soon. I just need to be near her." A pause. "Is it like that with you and Caden?"

"Pretty much." I bit the inside of my mouth before I blurted out more, fighting the urge to pull out my phone and call any of the numbers programmed in the speed dial, hoping to reach him. It had been an hour and Caden hadn't called yet. He should've made it there by now.

Maybe he had even found Amelie too.

"What's wrong, Evangeline?"

I dropped my eyes to the darkness below. "Who says anything's wrong?"

"You're biting the inside of your mouth. You're trying not to blab."

"My, haven't we become perceptive."

"You've always done that and I've always noticed." Julian smirked, but then his face turned serious. "What gives?"

I sighed, deciding to lessen part of my burden. "The fledglings killed Galen."

"What?" Julian's body jerked as if zapped with electricity, the sudden shift in weight pulling me backward.

And then I was falling.

I screamed as I plummeted, as the broad expanse of sky loomed over me. It felt like an eternity of falling, fear paralyzing my body.

I eventually found myself standing in front of an equally disoriented Julian.

His head tipped to regard two hundred feet of rock wall as he brushed the snow from his sleeve. "See? Like cats. We always land on our feet."

Judging by the broken branches and crimson stains on the ground around us, I'm pretty sure we didn't land on our feet like cats. I'm pretty sure that about five seconds ago, we were two bloody messes embedded in the ground.

"I think that was my fault," Julian admitted with a sheepish grin, but it faded quickly. "How did Galen die?"

I shook my head. "I don't know. Caden didn't get into specifics."

"Damn. That's going to crush Cecile."

"Yeah. That's why we can't say anything. She'll go nuts."

Julian's face screwed up. "But Galen was like a freaking commando maniac. How could a fledgling take him out?"

"Good question."

"If they can take Galen down, then ..." Julian's face smoothed over.

"Who will be next?" I finished. This was ridiculous. I couldn't sit around, waiting for Caden to come back. Not when fledglings were obviously so much more dangerous than Caden had led me to believe.

"I want to go help Amelie," Julian insisted.

"You can't, Julian! You'll get distracted by humans and become a target!"

He flung a muscular arm back in the direction of the mine. "But look at all that human blood I just walked away from!"

I groaned. This was giving him a false sense of security. In truth, I could go. I could leave now and run straight for New York City, not stopping until I found Caden. But how could I in good conscience lead Julian there? Sofie and Caden had a valid reason for keeping Julian and the others isolated. It just didn't apply to me. "You need to stick around here, Julian. Maybe we should head back to ..." My nostrils caught the sweet scent of a warm-blooded animal a second before I felt its heart throb inside my throat.

Julian took off through the trees.

Crap! I went after him, pushing through the thick brush, terrified of what I might see each time I cleared another tree. I found him a hundred feet away, hovering over the twitching body of a deer, the scent of freshly spilled blood assaulting my nostrils. Tracks leading off in the opposite direction told me its companion fled the scene.

Hunkering down on a fallen tree trunk, I sat quietly and watched my best friend as he partook in an urge that not long ago he had condemned.

So much for being able to handle it.

I lasted five minutes before I insisted, "That's enough, Julian. You've had enough."

He dropped the carcass to the soft snow. I knew that wasn't typical fledgling kill behavior. They'd normally suck the creature dry. That meant that I had compelled him. I didn't even have his full attention and I managed to make him stop.

I couldn't explain this ability but my instincts were telling me it could be of some use in the city. That or my conscience was searching for a good excuse to break my promise and run for New York now.

Julian didn't immediately stand or talk, kneeling in front of the dead deer, head hung. And then I heard it, just a light whisper. "I hate not being able to help myself. I feel like some sort of addict." He turned and I sighed with relief when his pretty brown eyes settled on me. "How are you not affected, Evie?"

I shoved my hands into my pockets and ambled over to regard the body. "I guess the Fates gave me a break. For once."

He admitted in a low voice, "I don't want to kill anyone, but part of me just wants to get it over with. Just so I know how much control I actually have."

Or how much control I might have over him.

Was it worth it to try? If I could help him, then we could track down Caden and the others together.

"Come on." Reaching out, I roped an arm through his. "I have an idea." Probably the dumbest one I'd had yet.

Chapter Six - Sofie

"Dear God." The words slipped from my lips as we stood in a roughly erected doorway. A set of metal stairs led down to the ground of the Second Avenue subway construction site, a cavernous space three stories below street level.

And it was crawling with vampire fledglings. There had to be a thousand or more. "Kait says they're filling up the tunnels too," Lilly informed us. "She's down in one right now."

Thousands.

"Tell her to get out of here. It's too risky if they discover her." I scanned the sea of heads. With this many, it was relatively quiet, a low buzz permeating the space. They all seemed too preoccupied with buckets of red to hear our guarded whispers. Discarded plastic and upturned coolers littered the ground.

"I guess we know where the city's blood supply went to," Mage said, her black eyes drifting over the crowd, narrowing as she surveyed faces. I knew who she was looking for. Her right hand, the mutant who had betrayed her. It wouldn't be hard to spot him if he was here. That gaunt demonic face would stand out anywhere.

A chorus of snarls erupted, pulling my attention down to a tall, dark-skinned man who walked among the fledglings, tossing bags at their feet like dogs. Several more were doing the same in other areas.

"They must've been the first of Jonah's," Mage said. "They've evolved. They're his soldiers now."

Soldiers. So Jonah has been preparing for war since day one. From the corner of my eye, I saw a fledgling leap on another one, kicking and punching and raking eyes as they fought over the delivered blood.

In the far corner, one of Jonah's "soldiers" rallied a group of fledglings. They seemed more interested in getting back to their blood but as his lips moved, saying something I could not hear, their focus changed. The fledglings shifted excitedly on their feet, flocking toward the soldier.

He pushed open a door and waved them through. I counted as they passed, until the door closed. "He just released forty fledglings."

"Smaller groups move fast and scatter farther," Mage explained. "If Jonah was trying to keep us from discovering this, having us run all around the city would certainly help."

"Why bother with all the bags, though?" Fiona whispered, her pretty face stark. "There's a city to feed from out there."

"He's building their strength and their dependency on blood. When the bags stop coming, they'll get really restless. I'm sure that's when Jonah plans on unleashing them." Black eyes full of warning shifted to me. "It'll be near impossible to staunch this horde if they get out."

"But why would he want to do this?" Fiona pressed. "He knows what will happen to our world. He lived it!"

Mage's head shake was almost indecipherable. "Mutants tend to lose their grip on rational thought. Perhaps it's as simple as that."

"Or maybe someone has convinced him that it's a good idea," Mortimer suggested, hitting too close to my own thoughts. Viggo. A silver-tongued, revenge-riddled psychopath who probably convinced Jonah that this was his best way of distracting Mage. Viggo didn't care about the repercussions. He wanted war.

Enough to form allegiances with a creature he despised more than anything else in the world.

"We need to get rid of them. Now." Mage's tone was uncompromising.

"I agree, but how? How do we do that without letting the ones in the tunnels escape?" I was powerful-some would argue the most powerful witch in existence-and yet even I knew my limitations. To ignite this entire space in one shot would sap me, allowing them a chance to run. Or attack.

As I pondered the "how," Lilly was on her phone again. Rushed words were exchanged and she hung up. "She made it to the next station construction site." Blue eyes flashed to me. "It's full of fledglings too." I closed my eyes, another wave of despair crashing over my shoulders. How had this happened so fast?

"Look! They're already rounding up another group to release." My eyes opened in time to see that Mortimer was right, another soldier snapping his fingers, kicking the fledglings to get them up.

"Can you close this entire station off?" Mage asked.

"That won't kill them," Bishop argued.

"No, but it may buy us some time," she countered. "The next station is within a minute's running distance. We take this one down, burn them, and then go and do the same thing there before they know what's happening. There, there, there." She pointed out all the access points, all the ways this plan could fail if not done correctly.

Failure was beginning to feel like the only path out, and yet Mage had such confidence in my ability, I couldn't help but want to try. If we could win here, this could soon be over.

I plucked at the helices floating within my body, each one powerful enough to cause destruction, all of them combined capable of devastation. "All of you, be ready to run. Lilly-tell Kait to get the hell out of there. Now." A worry hit me. "Has anyone heard from Amelie?"

Head shakes answered. I had to believe for her sake-and Julian's-that she was nowhere near this. "Can someone get hold of Caden? Maybe he's waiting at the rendezvous point with her and-"

"They've seen us," Mortimer hissed. My gaze snapped down to catch the soldier's eyes locked on me, a wicked grin on his face. A shout of, "She's here!" erupted from his mouth.

Without thinking, I incinerated him where he stood.

The other soldiers were quick to zero in on me and the sight of fire broke many of the fledglings' feeding daze, their eyes widening with the threat.

I'd run out of time. "Get behind me!" I yelled as I unleashed a powerful torrent of magic, targeting one entrance after another. They came down like dominoes, steel beams stumbling, chunks of concrete breaking off. There was nothing stopping the fledglings from tossing the boulders off to the side, but Mage was right-this could buy us some much-needed time.

I stalled as three sizeable chunks of concrete rained down, crushing several in the crowd where they sat. I watched the ceiling with trepidation, wary that my onslaught might be too much for the structure.

That momentary lapse gave the soldiers time to scale the stairs. I found myself facing off against five large men. Normally I wouldn't care, but I couldn't fight them and finish closing off this place.

Luckily, I didn't have to. Five forms jetted out from behind me, having ignored my demands that they stay back. They quickly dispatched the attackers so I could return to the task at hand.

To my dismay, fledglings were running for the tunnels like rats under threat of water, an image Mage had described earlier and, now that I witnessed it, couldn't be more accurate. We couldn't have them warning the other station.

I unloaded several more blasts of magic into the tunnels, reaching deep within to close them off completely. Beneath my feet, a tremor vibrated the staircase we stood on, but I ignored it, focused on the remaining fledglings now trapped, intent on burning them to ashes.

But the rumbling didn't stop.

And when the cracking sound drew my attention to the fissure overhead, up and all around the curved ceiling, my stomach tightened.

I knew what was about to happen.

Mage grabbed hold and yanked me through the only exit left intact. We made it to the street level just in time to watch the pavement open up as the construction site caved in.

"Oh my ...," Fiona gasped behind me as vehicles and pedestrians disappeared into the chasm.

Chaos exploded around us. People scrambled to get away, hugging their loved ones as they ran down the street. In the distance, the screams of sirens bounced off buildings. I couldn't say if they were rushing here or to the crash site of the runaway train.

And, in the mix of it all, were the fledglings. And they were scattering.

"The park!" Mortimer yelled as they took off, leaving Mage and me standing still in the midst of disaster. I could've yelled after them, demanded that they stay, that we needed to stick together. But I didn't.

Instead, I stepped to the edge, my insides knotting as I witnessed the worst of it unfold below. People trapped in cars-the ones not already crushed anyway-peering through the darkness, their shocked faces frozen, the few seconds of relief as their doors are ripped off or their windows smashed, when they think they've been saved.

The screams of horror when they realize the truth.

"Do you have any magic left in you?" Mage asked.

"Some," I said, my voice hollow. For what good it would do us, I didn't know.

"Then you need to finish this. Eliminate what you can."

I turned to gape at her. Was she serious?

"They'll be climbing out soon and when they do ..." She left the words hanging like the death sentence that they were.

My teeth cracked against the weight of this decision as I took in dozens of cars, the figures still moving inside.

"Sofie, their hearts may still beat but they are already dead," Mage said more softly.

She was right. Mage was always right.

I closed my eyes as I depleted every last trace of my magic, igniting the massive hole with witch fire. The last heartbeats faded almost instantly.

And I knew that this night would haunt me for years to come.

Chapter Seven - Evangeline

The small wisp of smoke floating from the chimney told me that someone was home.

"Looks like everyone's asleep," I whispered as we made our way toward the dark log house, about five miles from the mine. Of course, we'd know soon enough. Their heartbeats would throb in our throats; the scent of their blood would fill our nostrils. And I'd know exactly how stupid I was for suggesting this.

I grabbed hold of Julian's arm. "Wait." His feet slowed. "Julian?"

Eyes mixed with excitement and wariness shone in the full moonlight as he turned to me.

Though I still didn't really know what I was doing, I was quite sure that part of compelling someone required meaning the words. They couldn't be a flippant comment, a passing request. I had to feel their importance. Thankfully, that wasn't hard this time around, because I hoped with every fiber of my being that this would work.

"Julian, this is a test. You won't hurt anyone in there. You will not feed on anyone. You'll be able to resist the urge."

He blinked several times and then turned his attention back to the quiet home, nodding slowly.

This has to work. "Ready?"

"Yup."

I crossed my fingers that it would really be that easy.

A turn of the doorknob revealed the door to be unlocked.

"What's the point of a deadbolt if you're not going to use it?" Julian muttered.

"I guess they don't expect to be bothered out here." I left fresh snow tracks on the tile floor as I stepped into the house. The smell of them-of human life-hit me instantly, an appealing waft, like stepping into a warm bakery on a cold winter morning. I inhaled instinctively.

And reached out to grab hold of Julian's forearm. Turning back, I found his eyes squeezed shut.

"Are you okay?"

"Yes. I can resist this," he forced through gritted teeth.

"You can. Look at me." His eyes cracked open, crimson swarming the whites. "You will not hurt anyone in this house tonight, Julian. You will resist," I said evenly.

He visibly relaxed. Baby steps. That's all this was. If he could handle this, then maybe Sofie was wrong. Maybe Julian and I could join in the fight in New York. We could be useful!

I walked into the living room, my feet soundless against the old wood floors. I scanned the collage of photos on the wall, learning what I could about the family whose life I was gambling with tonight. A couple and three boys, all in their teens, by the looks of it.

"Why are you smiling?" Julian's eyes followed mine over the countless pictures of the boys on surfboards and skis.

I shrugged. I'd never so much as flirted with the law for all of my eighteen years. I was never a rule breaker or a thrill seeker as a human, but there was something exhilarating about this. Maybe it was because I couldn't get caught; maybe it was because I couldn't be punished. Or maybe it was just in my new nature to do risky, bad things.

That thought wiped the grin clear off my face.

"Come on."

It was at the stairs that I felt the first soft thrum of a heartbeat. Slow and steady. Asleep. I sensed another one soon after that. And then another. As we climbed the stairs toward the bedrooms over the back of the house, I counted five people sleeping soundly, unaware that intruders lurked just outside their door.

I peered back at Julian. "You'll be fine." I wasn't sure if I was assuring him or myself. "You won't hurt anyone." The fact that he hadn't already bolted past me and attacked was a great sign.

When we reached the landing, I stopped in front of the first door on the left, covered with a poster of a snowboarder. One of the boys, obviously. A hint of wariness crept in now. What if Julian attacked a kid? I'd never forgive myself. But if he didn't-if I proved to myself that I could compel a fledgling not to kill a human-then ... this was something I needed to confirm. Just in case, I grabbed his hand before pushing the door open.

The light from a muted flat screen television flickered within the small bedroom, illuminating a wall of band posters and shelves of sports trophies. A boy of perhaps fifteen lay in his bed, one of his legs bound from thigh to ankle in a cast and propped on a pillow. Half a dozen pill bottles and a tall glass of water sat on his nightstand.

And he was watching us.

In the time that it took his heart to accelerate from relaxed to frightened and his jaw to drop open, I was across the room and gripping his mouth shut, drawing his baby blue eyes into mine. "You will not scream. You will not fight back. Stay exactly as you are." Just as with that nurse at the hospital, the cloudy look filled his eyes. He nodded slowly.

I glanced over my shoulder to confirm that Julian was fine, his back pressed up against the wall, and then I focused my attention on the boy again. "What's your name?"

"Dixon," he said, his eyelids fluttering.

"You were supposed to be asleep, Dixon," I said softly. I guess I'd have to learn the difference between a relaxed and unconscious heart rate. There was no mistaking it now, though. He was wide awake, and trembling. Despite being compelled, he was terrified.

"I couldn't sleep," Dixon said, his voice cracking. "My leg hurts."

I looked down at the cast, my fingertip sliding over the top. "What happened?" I asked, sensing the weakness beneath my hand, like a sudden cold spot amidst warmth. "Your femur is broken," I stated, the urge to wrap my hand around it sudden and irresistible.

"Yeah, a ski accident. I just got out of the hospital."

"That sure does sound painful."

One side of his face lifted in a boyish smirk as his eyes flickered on my hand. "I haven't slept in days." Deep bags hung beneath Dixon's eyes.

My fascination with the boy's injury had taken over my other reason for being here. The harder I focused on the break, the more I learned, the more I could imagine. But, was I imagining? "There are pins as well, aren't there?" My fingers tingled with the cool touch of thin, sharp metal.

"Yeah." His head dipped. "I'll probably never ski again." The air shifted, and an overwhelming sense of sadness slammed into me. His emotions. I was reading his emotions! This is what it felt like? Sofie had always said I was an open book as a human. Was this what it felt like to feel my pain, my sorrow, my happiness along with me? Because I was certain that it was my sadness overwhelming me, so acute.

The deep need to make this bone whole again consumed me, and I couldn't ignore it.

Because somehow, intrinsically, I knew that I could fix it.

I stopped for a moment to consider the logic. I knew that I could likely bite him and inject him with venom. If I did, he could ski for the rest of his life. He could fall off a cliff and walk away, unscathed. There would be no "never" for him again.

I closed my eyes as need bubbled inside me, spurning my body forward. That energy I'd been carrying deep inside from the moment I woke up now pushed against its walls, as if ready to combust. I fought it. As it grew and expanded and absorbed, I fought to keep it down. Was this the unstoppable urge that Sofie warned me about? Was I about to do the very thing I had compelled Julian not to?

Maybe I couldn't control myself at all.

Maybe I was different, but not that different.

Even with my eyes closed, I sensed the television flickering and heard the windowpane rattle. The entire time, I could not escape the need to mend this boy, to fix that which should not be broken.

Like a blown-up but untied balloon released into the air, the urge suddenly deflated from me. I opened my eyes, praying that they were normal-as normal as yellow eyes could be-to find Dixon's faced flushed.

He peered down at his cast. Turning it this way and that, his frown deepened. "It stopped hurting." The cloudy swirl in his eyes had vanished, leaving awe behind. "What did you do?" he whispered.

I hadn't bitten him, that much I knew. "I'm not sure," I admitted. I turned back to look at Julian, his brows high on his forehead. "What happened?" I mouthed.

Julian could only shrug.

"My leg doesn't hurt anymore." Dixon sat up, rolling it furiously, lifting it up and letting the cast bounce on the mattress.

Had I just healed Dixon's broken bone?

No, that was impossible. I couldn't do that, could I? Maybe I just compelled him to forget the pain but ... "Could I have?" I said out loud, to no one, to everyone. Where was Sofie when I needed her?

"Julian?"

He stepped forward, still shaking his head. "Get the cast off and-"

The door swung open and a slight woman in her forties, eyes only half open, stepped through. Dixon's mom, likely coming to check on him.

In all the excitement, we had somehow missed the heartbeat, the footsteps.

But now there was no missing it.

I guess the surprise was more than Julian could handle, even compelled. I knew it the moment I saw the whites of his eyes flooded with crimson.

"Julian, no!" I yelled, flying toward him. But it was too late.

Behind me, Dixon let out a high-pitched scream as Julian sank his teeth into the woman's neck, the spectacle of his mother being attacked strong enough to break my spell over him.

Just like that, we'd gone from miraculous to disastrous.

I had to take care of this. First things first, Julian. I closed in on him, grabbing hold of the hair on top of his head, and jerked him upright to lock focus with those hideous eyes. "Julian, you will stop feeding on her right now. You will step away from her."

He growled but otherwise didn't move. The woman's eyes began to loll. He was taking in too much, too fast, and urging him to stop wasn't going to work. It wasn't enough motivation. I needed real motivation.

Behind me came a thud. I looked back and saw Dixon struggling to get out of bed. I turned back to Julian. A moment later, an object hit my back and tumbled to the floor, followed by a loud crash as Dixon lost his balance and fell.

I ignored him and the short-lived pain in my back as I tried a new approach. A dirty, desperate tactic, but I had no other choice. "Julian, Amelie is missing. She may be in danger. Stop feeding on this woman and we can go find her."

The muscles in his jaw stopped moving. He pulled free from the woman's neck and let go. I dove to catch her before she hit the ground. "What?" His brown eyes were back instantly. "She's missing? How do you know?"

Approaching footsteps pounded outside. Several of them, people running. "Hold the door!" I demanded as I carried the woman's limp body to the bed, her blood leaving a trail along the floor. Dixon had managed to get himself back up to a standing position by that point. "Dixon, I want you to lie back down in bed and say nothing," I commanded.

"Sheila!" a man yelled, followed by screams of "Mom! Dixon!" from the two other boys. The wall rattled with a loud bang as they attempted to break down the door. Julian's strength held it with ease, though a loud cracking told me they'd soon have a fist through the wood.

"Hurry up!" Julian bellowed, his face a contorted mask. Probably angry at me. I'd deal with that later, though.

The woman-Sheila-still had a heartbeat, but it was depressingly weak. Two ghastly puncture wounds over her jugular seeped blood, forming a pool all over Dixon's bedspread. If she ever woke up, it would be to unanswerable questions and unimaginable explanations. I knew. I'd been there, once. So long ago now, it felt.

Unless I helped her, as I had helped Dixon.

That same urge began to bubble with the thought but it was distracted by the splintering door and flying wood. I looked up in time to see a man's face pressed against the hole in the door, his eyes wide with alarm.

"Sheila!" the man cried. A brawny arm shoved through, roping around Julian's neck.

Julian's eyes began to morph. He was going to attack Dixon's father.

"Julian, don't!" I warned.

Shoving the man's arm away, he snapped, "I'm not staying."

And then he was gone, crashing through the second-story window and disappearing into the night.

"Shit." I had to go after him. Glancing back at a shocked Dixon, I mumbled, "Sorry," and dove for the window, just as the door flew open.

This time, I landed smoothly on my feet. I didn't waste a second, taking off after Julian's tracks in the snow. Either he was that much faster than me or that much more determined-I chased those tracks for miles, through towns, across valleys.

And then they just stopped.

"Shit!" I yelled, now in full panic mode. I lost Julian! Sofie was going to kill me! With frantic eyes, I scanned the shadows for fresh footprints leading somewhere, anywhere.

A hand landed on my bicep and whipped me around. "Are you lying about Amelie?" Julian growled, his tall frame looming over me.

I allowed myself a tiny exhale of relief before jerking my arm away. "I wish I were."

Rage burned in his eyes. "You knew! You knew all this time and you didn't tell me?" A finger jabbed the air as he pointed back the way we'd come, toward the mountain. "Even up there, when you were telling me about Galen, when I was saying how much I missed Amelie, you knew!"

"How could I tell you?" I yelled back. "You would've taken off for the city. And you probably never would've made it, with all these distractions." I gestured at the houses up ahead, full of people.

"Well, you sure picked a great time to finally share," he snapped. I hadn't seen him this angry since the day he blamed me for his parents' deaths.

"I didn't know what else to do. You were going to kill that woman in front of her son." And now I had a better idea of exactly how well I could compel a vampire. Or, more importantly, how strong the urge to feed was. How right Caden and Sofie were to worry.

Julian could not go into a city full of people.

His head dropped at the reminder, the corners of his mouth downcast with guilt. "She surprised me. It was just ..." Earnest brown eyes peered at me. "Do you think she'll live?"

"I don't know." Could I have helped her, as I'd helped her son? Or thought I had helped her son?

Several long moments passed in silence. "Where do they think she is?" he finally asked.

I explained the little that Caden had shared. "They're looking for her now, Julian. They'll find her."

"You don't know that!" He erupted. Julian had always had a volatile temper. The transformation had certainly amplified that. He was yelling again. "And if they don't? We have until sunrise. That's what ...," he glanced at his watch, "like, five or six hours to find her before they blow up the city? With her in it!"

"Calm down," I urged in a soft voice. Several dogs barked, disrupting the quiet of the neighborhood. "Sofie wouldn't do that."

I couldn't blame him for panicking. What if they didn't find her? Would Sofie proceed as planned, knowing Amelie could be in New York City? Would Amelie die along with everyone else? Though I was incapable of crying, the very thought of losing Amelie brought a burn to my eyes.

"They'll find her. We need to go back to the-"

Julian bolted. He was heading southeast.

Toward New York City.

I would be lying if I didn't admit that a spark of excitement ignited inside me.

Now I had a really good excuse to find Caden and the others.

Chapter Eight - Sofie

"This way!" Lilly shouted, taking the lead. My legs moved of their own accord, my mind trying to blank out the reality of what I'd just done. Ahead of us, fledglings scattered, running down the streets, smashing through storefront windows. In every direction, they fled. The ones distracted by prey were the ones we targeted and even they were too numerous.

It would take twenty minutes for my magical reserves to rebuild, but until then, we had to resort to our hands and the blowtorches and lighters Galen had so smartly provided.

Galen ... I couldn't believe he was dead.

My attention waffled between the mayhem that had erupted in the streets of Manhattan and the shadows of every corner, every building, every alley, searching for a tall blond with blue eyes who had to be tailing us, who might still be following us now, waiting for the next opportunity to weaken our defenses. Without my magic, even I was vulnerable to him right now.

Up ahead, Mage stopped running, tossing the hearts of two fledglings onto the pavement. By the time I reached her, they were already in flames.

"We need to regroup and make a hard decision." Shaking her head, she said the words that had started cycling on frantic repeat inside my head. "We can't stop this."

Chapter Nine - Evangeline

"You need to go back to the mine where you can't attack anyone!" I grabbed onto his arm, ready to compel him.

"Evangeline," Julian's feet slowed and he turned to face me, "we're surrounded by humans. I can feel their hearts beating and right now, I don't care."

I nodded, taking in the quiet residential neighborhood surrounding us. Perhaps, between my compelling and his desperate need to find Amelie, Julian had begun to evolve already, learning some control. "I just want to find Amelie. Please, Evie. Just ... don't fight me on this." The pleading look in his eyes shattered my defenses.

"Fine." This was most likely a terrible idea but if it were Caden missing, Julian would be chasing me through the streets of suburban New York. "But we can't just charge in blind. We need to know what's going on in the city."

"Okay ... we need a radio." Julian marched toward a bungalow with a black Range Rover parked in the driveway. "I don't suppose you know how to hotwire a car, do you?" he asked as he peered through the tinted window.

"Not yet." I imagined I'd be getting that lesson from Caden at some point. What else would there be to do?

Julian's gaze shifted from the Rover to the house, and back to the Rover. "What are the odds that they have their keys on a hook by the front door?" Before I could answer, he had his fist through the glass panel of the front door to turn the deadbolt.

"Not again," I groaned, running to catch up with him, ready to run interference. One day as a vampire and I was already racking up illegal activity like a teenager collecting points on a video game.

We quickly found out that this household was not as predictable as we'd hoped. The pristine foyer had vases and mirrors and an elaborately woven rattan chair but not a key hung on the wall or resting in a dish.

Above my head came a soft thumping sound, followed by light quick footsteps against tile. A dog, likely. Though better than a human, a dog could prove noisy. "Hurry! And try in there," I whispered, shoving Julian toward the closed door on the left.

In seconds, I heard, "Got 'em!" just as a tiny Chihuahua in a studded collar and red sweater rounded the corner, its walnut-sized heart thumping rapidly.

"Come here," I whispered, bending down on one knee. I held my hand out, palm down in a very unthreatening way, hoping it might come quietly. The urge to simply snap its scrawny neck should've been wired into my new DNA but I guess my transformation hadn't changed that. Another oddity.

Still, I'd rather not have the owner alerted of the break-in and theft. The police would be called, a notice would be put out on their plates and, well ... it would be easier if we could avoid all of that. There would already be enough activity going on with the attack at Dixon's house and my visit to the hospital.

"Let's go!" Julian reappeared from the mudroom. He stopped to regard the dog, who watched at us through bulging eyes, silent, his little body quaking.

"I think he's afraid of us." Could he sense what we truly were? Could he sense the danger he was in?

A quick warning glance Julian's way earned a smirk. "When I start feeding on rats, you have my permission to kill me," he muttered, taking off out the door.

The purr of the Rover's engine broke the silence outside.

"Good boy," I cooed, my feet slipping soundlessly back along the marble tile toward the open door. The Chihuahua's little paw twitched and tested the tile hesitantly, watching me.

He was cute, I had to admit. Leaning down again, I beckoned him, whispering, "Goodbye, little guy. You should head back upstairs."

Seconds passed as he just stared at me.

And then the little bastard came flying.

I should've been able to avoid his jaws but he was moving fast and I was caught unaware. "Ahhhh!" Tiny, razor-sharp teeth sunk into my hand, just barely breaking the skin.

With that out of the way, he let loose, his ear-piercing bark echoing through the neighborhood.

I bolted out the door, climbing into the passenger seat. "Go!" Julian squealed out of the driveway and threw the car into drive.

"The little ass**le bit me!"

Julian laughed. "Why on earth would you let it bite you?"

"I didn't let him," I grumbled, wiggling my now-healed fingers. "I was just trying to pet him."

Shaking his head slowly, his mouth kicked up in a smirk, he murmured, "You've changed so much but you really haven't, have you?" After a pause, he added, "That's a good thing."

Looking out the back window, I found the dog standing firm in the middle of the driveway. Perhaps he wasn't afraid after all. Or perhaps he was terrified but willing to risk everything for those he loved.

Maybe that yappy little dog and I had something in common.

And maybe I needed to tell my yappy big dog that I was not coming home anytime soon.

Before I could make a decision one way or another, the words "Manhattan" and "devastation" blaring over the radio caught my attention. A massive subway train crash in Manhattan, shutting down the entire system ... An explosion and street cave-in above the Second Avenue construction site less than twenty minutes later ... Half of the city's emergency crew digging through the wreckage, searching for survivors, while the police were overwhelmed by a swarm of "attacks" and madmen running the streets.

The reporters may not have labeled them correctly but we knew what they were.

Fledglings. By all accounts, it sounded as if Manhattan had been overrun.

Julian buried the odometer needle and I gripped the roll bar handle as we raced toward the catastrophe.

*

"Try her again!"

I hit redial on Amelie's preprogrammed number and waited. "Still no answer." A single red power bar glared back at me. "And this phone's about to die."

Julian growled and punched the side of his door, his fist cracking the plastic. "Okay. Try Lilly again. Please," he pleaded, swerving onto the shoulder as we raced down the expressway toward the bridge that would get us into Manhattan.

I did, for the fourth time. This time, she picked up almost immediately.

"Where are you?" I rushed.

"Heading to Central Park. Why?"

"Julian and I are on our way. We'll meet you there soon."

"What? No! Turn around," Lilly's normally calm voice screeched. "It's over. We've lost. We're retreating."

My stomach curdled. Retreating now? Already? But ... "But Amelie-"

"She's missing."

"I know! That's why we're coming in!"

Several yells and grunts filled the receiver, followed by a growl and then a howl of pain.

Then, silence.

"Hello? Lilly? Hello?" A scan at the black screen on my phone confirmed that my battery had cut out. "Shit! I guess Galen didn't think about extra batteries, did he?" Guilt pricked me with mention of his name and I silently chastised myself for speaking ill of the dead.

Desperately, I rifled through the glove compartment and the console. "Who doesn't have a phone charger in their car?" I screamed.

"Try the floor," Julian said.

I leaned forward to search the darkness around my feet. My fingers made contact with wire and I pulled the cord's end up to the light to see if it would work.

That's when Max entered my head.

Where the hell are you two?

"I can't deal with this now ...," I muttered to myself, an even larger spark of guilt stirring in my belly. I'd deceived Max countless times for his own good and had promised never to do it again. Julian's hunting. If I told Max the truth, he'd be tearing through the woods after me. I needed him there, watching over Veronique and the others.

What's he hunting?

Deer.

And do the deer have 9-1-1 on their speed dials? Because the police and ambulance sirens have been going off for the past half hour.

I sucked my bottom lip into my mouth. Dixon's family. I hoped his mother made it. There may have been an incident.

"So? Will it work?" Julian urged, pulling my attention back to our need for communication with the group.

"No. The plug's too wide," I said, tossing the cord to the floor.

"A lot of people have more than one phone these days. Let me check under my seat," Julian offered, leaning forward to fish a hand under the seat, at the same time as Max grumbled, I think you've had enough fresh air.

"We'll be back in an hour," I lied, earning Julian's confused glance. I shook my head. "Sorry, I mean ..." Maybe this whole communicating via telepathy thing wasn't so fantastic. We'll be back in an hour. I followed suit, first reaching beneath my seat, and then turned to fish around on the floor in the back seat.

I'm bored, Max moaned. And Celine talks too much about silly things. And she's petting me. I may bite her soon.

Just ... relax. You did a lot of that in the mountains. I know you excel at it.

We had bigger issues to worry about right now than a bored werebeast and a chatty southern fledgling.

There was a pause and then, I'm definitely going to bite her.

Get out of my head, Max!

Fine. Don't ask for updates from me.

"Oh, shit!" Julian shouted. I spun in my seat in time to see a blue Toyota swerving onto the shoulder in front of us. Julian slammed on the brakes, sending my body lurching forward. The seat belt cut into my neck. We were going too fast. The roads were too icy. There was no room to maneuver.

The sound of crunching metal and breaking glass blasted my ears as we slammed into the back of the car, our dashboard exploding as the air bags discharged into my face for the second time tonight. I felt the bone in my nose snap-also for a second time tonight. The pain barely registered before it was gone, leaving only a light hissing sound coming from the engine.

"Evie! Are you okay?" Julian yelled.

"Of course!" My nostrils caught a pungent odor. "Is the car-"

"On fire?" Julian shouldered the driver's side door, shattering the remaining glass in the window as the metal heaved off its hinges. I reached down and tore through my seat belt. Grabbing my arm, he yanked me out, the jagged glass on his seat slashing at my clothes and skin.

People were already climbing out of their cars, some staring at us with wide eyes while others ran to the Toyota, trying in vain to open the doors. I suspected they'd need the Jaws of Life. The thing was folded up like an accordion.

Chaos swirled around us as people ran and shouted and grabbed onto us. I watched Julian's eyes chasing after them, widening, his arm tensing beneath my grip. Oh, not this again!

"Julian. You are not going to harm any of these people." With my free hand, I grasped his jaw, forcing his attention on me. "We need to find Amelie," I reminded him, ignoring the shouts of "Are you okay?" around us.

His head bobbed up and down. "I'll find another car." He took off, leaving me standing on the side of the highway, surrounded by frantic spectators, remorse stabbing at my insides as I stared at the Toyota.

One heartbeat remained inside.

"Evie!" I heard Julian's voice and I knew we had to go, to let the spectators deal with this.

And yet I also knew that maybe I could help this person. There were too many witnesses. We were heading into a warzone, based on the horrifying picture that the radio had painted for us. I was desperate to see Caden. I was desperate to find Amelie. There were so many valid reasons to run now and yet my legs didn't want to move.

Until my ears caught the child's cry within the car.

Viggo had told me once that children were so hard to resist.

It was followed closely by a waft of honey sweetness.

I didn't wait. I couldn't. I bolted for the car, shoving the humans out of the way, beating Julian by half a second to barricade the door. "Don't you dare!" There was no effort in finding my emotions behind that. I'd witnessed many horrors in my life but I would never allow that to happen. "You will never so much as look at a human and think of feeding off of them again, do you understand?" I pushed out through gritted teeth, that energy within me reaching the boiling point, overflowing into my limbs. I was less intent on compelling Julian and more determined to push my own will onto him. To get what I wanted. And I didn't want to deal with this anymore.

Cries of confusion and horror filled the air but I ignored them. Julian's shoes scraped over the shards of glass and loose stones as he stepped back.

Another wail assaulted my ears. Flames blossomed from the hood of our mangled mess. It was close enough to this car to threaten it.

A spider web of cracks stretched across the passenger window but the panel remained intact. I put my fist through it and peered inside.

And almost cried out.

A toddler sat nestled in his car seat, tears mixing with the red smears across his cheeks. A chunk of flying glass jutted out of his little thigh. He was alone back there, the couple in the front snug within their seats, the dashboard pressed against their chests.

Not breathing.

I clenched my teeth against the pain of the jagged glass shards slicing into my hands as my fingers curled around the doorframe. I yanked on the door and it peeled back like a tin can before the hinges finally snapped. I tossed it aside, sending several people skittering back.

"Shhh ...," I cooed, climbing in to stroke the little boy's cheek. The glass must have severed a major artery because there was so much blood. So much that I wasn't sure he'd survive long enough for help, especially not with his heart beating three times faster than it should be, pumping the blood even faster. So much blood, and yet it didn't appeal to me. Not in the least. The only thing that appealed to me was helping this little boy.

Just as I had with Dixon and his broken leg, I felt the inexplicable urge to make this little boy whole again, to close the wound so he would survive.

Even if for just a while longer, until the mess in this world caught up to him.

I didn't fight that overwhelming energy inside me this time. I knew I wouldn't hurt him. "You're fine," I lied softly, staring into his eyes as I tried to calm his overactive heart. "You're going to be just fine."

His hysterical cries turned to sobs and then whimpers, slowing his heart rate. I can't believe how natural it had become to compel.

The little boy's eyes were glued to my face as I reached forward, my hand taking hold of the glass. I could see the wound-such a clean cut. The muscles and veins and skin needed mending but the glass was in the way. I pulled the chunk out with one hand while my other held the wound together. That same energy swelled and radiated, my body feeling waves of hot and cold. In my peripherals, the flames from the Rover lashed out as if someone had poured gasoline on them.

In mere seconds, the wound was gone.

Unfastening the car seat, I pulled the pacified boy out, his clothes soaked with blood and shredded by glass. With one last look at his round, chubby face, I handed the boy off to a middle-aged woman nearby who I could sense was eager to protect him. She would keep him safe until the police came, which could be some time.

To any human there, Julian and I simply vanished.

As did an unfortunate man's blue pickup truck, heading for the bridge into Manhattan.

Despite the pending doom, a smile stretched over my lips.

The Fates may have been kind to me, after all.

*

My smile didn't last long.

We soon abandoned the stolen truck and instead traveled the rest of the way on foot, easily weaving around the cars. There was too much traffic for this time of night, even for New York City. Most vehicles seemed to be moving in one direction: out.

For me, the throbs of heartbeats, though still fascinating, were beginning to fade into the background, in comparison to all the other things I could do. Of course, I didn't assume that the steady drum of human life had faded for Julian and so I kept within two feet of him at all times, my attention split between the growing chaos ahead and my friend, whose eyes seemed locked on our path.

Maybe Julian finally had beaten his irrepressible urges. Or maybe he was just that worried about Amelie.

We were maybe six blocks from the north end of Central Park when we ran into the first fledgling. He looked ordinary enough-shoulders hunched, hands tucked into his pockets as he sped down the sidewalk.

Until he suddenly reached out and yanked a passerby into him, his mouth latching onto her neck. My feet faltered and I blinked several times, making sure I wasn't just paranoid. Her friend's screams beside them quickly confirmed that I wasn't. In a matter of seconds, he finished with the woman, leaving her body to tumble to the ground as he went for her friend.

"We need to do something!" I took off, charging for the fledgling. Julian's feet pounded the pavement next to me.

The fledgling released the second body with a hiss. He took off down the street, the orange sports emblem stitched into the back of his jacket disappearing around the corner just as we reached the two women.

"Are they ... dead?" Julian asked. We stood over the two victims.

"No heartbeats usually means that," I said, glancing around, suddenly worried that someone would think we did this.

"Should we just-" Julian started when the first woman, a pretty blond in her mid-twenties, began to convulse. "What the ..." Julian's voice drifted off. We managed to jump away just as a stream of vomit shot out of her mouth.

"Oh my God," I gasped. "He turned her!" The other woman's body began to convulse and we moved away, knowing her stomach contents would soon be making an appearance. "Her too!"

"What do we do?" Julian whispered as approaching footsteps pulled our gaze. A man with a cigarette between his fingers walked along the street, a dog trailing beside him. The man appeared clueless while the dog held its nose in the air.

"Burn them, I guess. If we don't, they're going to be killing people within an hour."

That made sense, though the idea turned my stomach. They'd been alive not two minutes ago. "Do you have a lighter? Matches?"

"No."

I checked the street around us. More late-night walkers. More witnesses. "Why are these people even out? Don't they know what's happening all around them?"

We'd run out of time.

People walking became people running, their phones already out as their boots pounded the pavement toward us. By the shouts, most were calling 9-1-1 but the man with the dog actually snapped a picture of the bodies. What the hell was wrong with people?

"Too late. Let's go." Julian yanked on my arm. We ran the way the fledgling had gone.

"Maybe we can still stop him!" I yelled. I had no idea how to fight but together, Julian and I could overpower him.

We rounded another corner, towards the shouts and bangs ahead. Julian seized my arm, yanking me back into the shadow of a doorway. A large truck parked along the curb helped our cover.

"What?"

Julian pointed at moving figures half a block ahead. Fledglings. Hundreds of them: running, attacking, running again. But that wasn't what he was pointing at. A wall of soldiers in war fatigues marched into the area, arms laden with heavy-looking guns, all directed out.

"Don't they know that guns can't stop them?" I tried to keep my voice down. "They're going to get slaughtered!"

I spotted the orange emblem of the fledgling we'd been chasing. He darted toward the soldiers just as one raised his gun and fired. As if in slow motion, I watched the bullet-a large torpedo-shaped silver object-sail through the air and drive into the fledgling's chest.

The fledging dropped to his knees. "One ... two ... three," I counted quietly, expecting him to rise. Orange flames suddenly sprouted from the fledgling's chest. He let out a blood-curdling scream and then toppled over, his entire body engulfed in seconds.

"Holy shit," Julian said as the soldiers took off, stopping to target the fledglings distracted by their kills. Countless fires burned on the pavement.

These were the special guns that Mage had talked about-the ones that made our kind highly mortal.

"We need to get out of here," I warned Julian, grabbing onto his hand. We took off, sprinting past the soldiers without earning so much as a head turn. I silently commended them for risking their lives. Truly, that's what they were doing. Because Julian and I could easily have snapped their necks where they stood.

As we ran deeper into Manhattan, more bodies littered the streets. Countless sirens wailed in our ears. And fledglings ran rampant.

We had to find Caden and the others. And then I hoped we'd run until we found peace, because I didn't believe that any peace would come to this city despite our best efforts.

Chapter Ten - Sofie

Caden's lone figure stood leaning against the bronze rabbit, like a beacon within our deep well of darkness. I allowed myself the smallest sigh of relief before distress bowled me over.

Amelie was not waiting us at the rendezvous point.

I rushed forward.

"Bro!" Bishop reached him seconds before me to slap him over the shoulder, Fiona on Bishop's heels. The two of them had been physically inseparable since the Fates brought her back. I couldn't blame either of them. If I could bring Nathan back from the dead-the real Nathan, not an emotionless wraith who resembled him-I would never leave his side.

"Is she okay?" I blurted out, halting mere feet away.

"Yeah, she's fine. She's ...," a small smile touched Caden lips, "better than fine, actually."

I opened my mouth, about to press for more information, when Mortimer appeared, elbowing his way past me to demand in a rushed voice, "Veronique?"

Again, another tiny smirk flickered across Caden's lips. "She's fine too. They're all fine." His tone turned harsh. "Have you found Amelie?"

I could only shake my head. "I was hoping we'd find her here."

Caden's face mirrored my disappointment. He looked around. "Mage? Lilly?"

"They're a minute behind me." The last I saw, Lilly had been ambushed by two brutes-common thieves thriving on the chaos-thinking she was an innocent child. That was the downside of Lilly's appearance. Or the upside, depending on how you looked at it. In any case, Mage hung back to help her. "Something feels very wrong about this. She's been gone for hours now," Fiona said.

"I know my sister's flighty but not like this," Caden agreed. "And how on earth could a fledgling take down Galen like that? It doesn't make sense. We need answers."

"No, you're right," I said carefully. If they came to the conclusion that I already had-that Viggo was behind this-they'd lose all focus.

"I'm going to do a few rounds through the subway system," Caden said. "Maybe there are some clues."

"No!" I barked but then softened. "We need to stick together."

"We're coming with," Fiona was quick to follow, ignoring me. She gave Bishop's arm a tug. "She's got to be out there."

Bishop nodded, his focus on the chatter crackling out of the police radio in his hand as he dialed through the channels. "Oh shit, guys. Listen to this." A rash of voices erupted as Bishop cranked the volume. The rapidly delivered commands were hard to follow but I got the gist: the "dead" were coming alive in hospital morgues and attacking the staff. The Jersey City Hospital had declared a state of emergency.

A rare somber look fell over his face. "I guess they've crossed the bridge."

"The humans would've transported them there. The hospitals here are probably overwhelmed," Mortimer explained, his hand covering his frown.

I leaned against the bronze statue as my hands settled on top of my head, my fingers weaving a tight hold on my hair. Frankly, it didn't matter how they got there. What mattered was that the fledglings were no longer contained to Manhattan. "That's only five miles from Newark Airport." What if the fledglings made it there? What if they boarded planes? They were evolving too quickly. If they managed not to kill the passengers and pilots in flight, they could be anywhere in the country-in the world-within hours.

Mage was right. The city was too far gone. "We need to retreat."

Caden's body stiffened, his stance ripe with confrontation. "Not until sunrise, Sofie. That was the plan. Amelie has until sunrise."

"Our plan has failed." The words tasted bitter in my mouth. "The city is in ruins. We cannot win."

"You are not blowing up the city with her in it!" Caden's voice ricocheted through the quiet.

"Then what? We risk an entire civilization because of her? Think, Caden!" I squeezed my eyes shut to avoid the horror in his, but I could still feel it burning a hole in my temple. He must know that this wasn't what I wanted. He must know that I didn't want to make this decision.

"Sunrise," I heard Caden push through gritted teeth. "We're going to lose this war regardless, so I'd rather you don't blow up my sister before giving us a real chance to find her."

"Fine." I didn't know what else to say. When I opened my eyes, he, Fiona, and Bishop were gone.

"And then there were four," Mortimer muttered, taking a seat on one of the mushroom sculptures as Mage and Lilly appeared like ghosts out of the darkness.

What was I going to do now? There was no way I'd give Lilly the go-ahead to blow up the city with all of Evangeline's friends in the crossfire, and Caden knew it. I had to buy us time. "Can Isaac take out Newark? Smaller missiles."

Lilly regarded me for a long moment before her head dipped once. I paused. "And LaGuardia and JFK?"

"Yes, likely. But once he launches those, the place will be on high alert. They have ways of shutting down the grid."

"And then we wouldn't be able to follow through with the bomb in that sub," Mage warned, though I'd figured that out on my own.

"Can't he get into another one?"

Lilly shrugged. "Maybe. But ... maybe not."

"I need a better answer than that, Lilly," I snapped.

"Galen would know, but ..." Her childish voice trailed as sadness consumed her.

I softened my tone, reminding myself that Lilly had to be suffering. She'd just witnessed her longtime friend lying dead on a subway platform and in many ways, she was still an overly emotional child. To be honest, I wasn't sure why she hadn't fled. "Have you heard from Kait?"

"She's not answering."

"Just ... keep trying. Maybe the battery ran out. Maybe she broke it. Maybe-"

"She had two phones and the two-way radio. She's not answering any of them," Mage interrupted.

"That's not like her," Lilly explained softly.

"Maybe she's still in the tunnel and the reception is bad." I didn't believe that myself. When a look lingered between Mage and Lilly, my temper flared again. This wasn't the time for secrets. "What?"

With the lightest sigh, Lilly said, "Evangeline's on her way here. She should be here any minute."

"What?" Mortimer and I exploded at the same time.

"She called and said they'd be here soon. Then her phone cut off. That's all I know."

"Who are they? She and Max?" I would skin that dog alive for allowing her out of the mine.

"She didn't say."

"How far away is she? Does she know about the rendezvous point?" My eyes widened with panic as I drew a mental map of the airports and the likely routes for Evangeline to take. Was she at risk now? The streets were crawling with fledglings and military. "Which way is she coming from?"

Lilly stared blankly at me.

"What about the others? Who's watching over them?" Mortimer's dark brown eyes flared with anger. "We've left a bunch of fledglings in the care of the wolves?"

"Who cares about them right now!" I yelled. "They're safe!"

"Might I remind you that one of them is your sister?" Mortimer's voice dropped a few octaves, each word clear and crisp. I knew that tone. It meant he was considering putting my head through a wall. Right now, I felt like saving him the effort and doing it myself.

"I'm going back," he announced.

I grabbed onto his powerful forearm. "No, not yet. Please." I didn't bother trying to hide the pleading in my voice. I would drop to my knees and beg if I had to. These decisions were weighing too heavily on my shoulders as it was. We'd had more than our share of differences in the past but Mortimer's presence and his opinions had helped significantly these past few weeks.

"Veronique is alone!" He jerked at his arm but I wouldn't let go.

"Still feeding like a feral animal, I'm sure," I assured him.

"She'll be angry when she finds out she was left alone there."

"Not as angry as she'll be when she finds out you abandoned me to this mess to sit and watch her in that state." I honestly didn't know if that was true, but I knew it would stay his urge. Upsetting Veronique was the one thing Mortimer had never been able to handle.

His tension dissipated. "No longer than sunrise."

Sunrise. What would the city look like? How far would the fledglings have scattered? How much would the world have seen by then? Too much to hide the truth, ever? If we waited until sunrise and could still not find Amelie, then what? Had we waited for nothing and given doom a stronger foothold on this world? These questions pounded down on me in quick succession, all pointing in the direction of one answer.

We couldn't wait. Not for one vampire.

But Evangeline ...

Mage's heavy glare weighed on me. She knew as well as I did that my weakness was that girl.

I didn't know what to do. "It seems like everything we've done has only made things worse. Now we've lost one, we're missing two, three more are at risk ..." I wrapped my arms tight around my chest.

"There is much more at risk than three," Mage reminded me. I knew what she'd do. She wouldn't hesitate for a second. She was a true leader, ready to make the hard decisions. Me ... All of my motives and choices were still made based on what would keep my girl happy and safe. And until I had her in my sights again, my ability to make the impossible decision was paralyzed.

I kicked the edge of the statue. I winced through the pain, my eyes trailing the bronze mushroom as it sailed across the park.

And landed at Evangeline's feet.

Chapter Eleven - Evangeline

By the look on Sofie's face when our eyes met, I wasn't sure if she was going to hug me or strike me down with bolts of fire.

An instinctual part of me cowered next to Julian as she closed the distance with lightning speed. "What are you doing here? Why aren't you at the mine? Are you insane?" The questions fired out of her mouth, giving me no chance to answer before she wrapped me in a fierce hug. It lasted only a minute and then she released me. "I told you to stay away! You can't be here!"

I'd never seen Sofie so frantic before. Whatever was going on, and I'd now seen firsthand to know that the situation was grim, Sofie was finally unraveling.

This probably wasn't the right time to inform her that I could compel vampires and heal humans. Given what we'd seen and heard, what I could or couldn't do hardly mattered.

Mortimer, Mage, and Lilly sidled up to loom behind Sofie. No Caden, though, I was dismayed to see.

"How are you two even here?" Mortimer's piercing eyes shifted from me to Julian, and back to me, narrowing. "I know there's something off about you, Evangeline, but Julian, we left him feeding like a wild animal ..." His hawkish gaze swung to the left with the sound of squeaky wheels. A homeless man pushing a cart down the path approached. All eyes locked onto us.

"How are you able to withstand that?" There was accusation in Mortimer's tone, as if I'd done something to make this happen. In Julian's case, that was true.

"I don't know," Julian admitted. "Maybe because I'm more focused on finding Amelie. I'm glad someone is," he added icily, "seeing as you guys are just sitting around, doing nothing to find her!"

"Caden is out looking for Amelie right now," Sofie muttered, her displeasure with that prospect painted across her face. "Bishop and Fiona are with him."

My stomach twisted. Going out there, with all those fledglings and the military, was dangerous. What if Caden went missing too?

"When will they be back?"

"Better be by sunrise," Mortimer said under his breath.

My eyes drifted to Lilly, standing quietly next to Mage. She told me the city was lost. What if they didn't make it back by sunrise? That meant ... "Sofie, you can't give Isaac the go-ahead! Not until they're all out!" My body trembled as I lunged forward, grabbing her hands. "Please! If I lose them all, I'll-" I choked on the words.

The veil over her eyes lifted for just a second to disclose sadness before dropping with a hardened gleam. "Calm down. I will not give Isaac permission to do anything yet."

"Promise?"

Her jaw tensed visibly. "I promise."

My head dipped as I accepted her word, relieved. Sofie had never let me down. She'd never stopped trying. She'd never given up. She wouldn't give up now.

"Where could Amelie be? How could she just be gone?" Julian pressed, his voice desperate.

Sofie shook her head. "I have no idea, Julian. Honestly." Her mint-green eyes scanned the darkness, and I sensed the air of suspicion swirling around her. Another batch of sirens called out into the night; another set of blood-curdling screams made us cringe. "Let's find a less visible place to wait."

Chapter Twelve - Sofie

"This one." I pushed through the entrance of the monstrous glass building, the small heels of my boots clicking against the lobby's tile floor. "Mortimer, can you please get us into the penthouse with minimal disturbance. Take Evangeline and Julian with you."

I knew giving Mortimer a task right now was the smart thing to do. It was only a matter of time before he bolted back for the mines. From there, who knew? I might not see him or Veronique again for decades.

Within seconds, Mortimer had the security guard compelled and oblivious to our existence. I waited until he, Julian, and Evangeline stepped into the elevator, waving them off. "We'll grab the next one." In truth, I needed the three of them away from me so I could talk freely.

The second the doors shut, Mage spoke.

"We cannot sacrifice everything for one vampire."

"Two," Lilly corrected, her round blue eyes tinged with sadness.

Mage dipped her head slightly. "We cannot sacrifice everything for two vampires. And we cannot wait any longer or it will be too late to change the course of fate."

I closed my eyes, listening to the doors of the next elevators slide open, pause, and slide closed, without us on board.

What Mage was suggesting was sacrificing two of our own for a gamble. It could already be too late to change the course of fate. Worse, I knew that it was the right thing to do. But how could I make that decision now? "I just promised Evangeline ...," I muttered.

"You made a promise that is impossible to keep," she said. "Would you really risk this entire world for two of our kind? If I were out there instead of Amelie, I would not want you sacrificing everything just for me. I can only imagine that Amelie would feel the same."

For the sake of my conscience, I had to believe that.

"We clear the surface and then can go back in and get rid of any that have survived in the tunnels. It's a simple plan but it's our best hope," Mage pushed.

After a long pause, I said, "Losing Amelie and Kait is one thing but we cannot lose all of them."

Mage wasted no time. "Lilly, can you reach Bishop?"

Lilly's black bob swayed with her nod.

"Tell him that Evangeline is here and she needs to see the three of them immediately. She's frantic. They'll come."

Blue eyes shifted to me and caught my nod. Lilly pulled out her phone and dialed the number.

The knots in my stomach tightened further. "She'll never forgive me."

"This must be done, and now, Sofie," Mage pushed softly. "We both saw what was there." Her voice dropped an octave, out of Lilly's range. "And we both know what happened to Galen, and Amelie. And I presume Kait."

Viggo. That's what happened.

"Doing this will rid us of that problem too."

That would certainly be a silver lining. Viggo, dead, without putting up a fight? But ...

"Leaders can't please everyone all the time," Mage continued. "They make the hard choices because they're the right ones. You know it's the right one, don't you?"

"Yes." The one word felt like sandpaper against the inside of my throat. "How do you propose we get everyone to vacate the city?" I knew Mortimer wouldn't be a problem. It was the others.

A grim smile responded. "By doing what you do best."

Chapter Thirteen - Evangeline

"Caden is on his way," Lilly told Sofie and Mage.

My heart skipped a beat and a smile curled my lips. But then I remembered, unless they miraculously found Amelie in a city of eight million people, Caden's springy-haired sister probably wouldn't be with them.

My smile dissolved.

"All of them? How far?" Sofie asked, staring out of the floor-to-ceiling window, arms folded across her chest. Like a group of con artists, we'd slipped through security, up the elevator, and into the penthouse. It was already vacant, the owners away on Christmas vacation according to the friendly, compelled man at the front desk.

"No more than five minutes, he promised. All three."

"And Isaac?"

"It's ready."

Sofie's lips pressed together. "Okay." Pale green eyes darted to the white sectional where Julian and I sat before shifting back to the skyline. The glass reflected her grim reflection perfectly.

I frowned. What was going on? What was ready? What were they up to? I had the distinct impression that something had been set in motion since the three vampiresses swooped through the penthouse door, sharing hushed whispers. I couldn't for the life of me figure out what, though, and how it related to Isaac. He had one job on that submarine and until we were all out of the city, he couldn't be delivering on it.

Beside me, Mortimer scanned the various news broadcasts, a sullen scowl marring his handsome face. It seemed the world was watching one thing and one thing only, and it was the state of emergency in one of the greatest cities in the world.

He cleared his throat, still focused on the screen. "How was Veronique when you left?"

"Fine."

His head snapped toward me. "Just fine? How much blood was left when you abandoned her?" Dark, accusing eyes bore into me, a sure sign that Mortimer was ready to lose his temper. "What's going to happen when they run out of blood? Who's going to get more for her when she needs it?" He snorted. "Max? With his opposable thumbs?"

"I stole a blood truck and we restocked so there's more than enough for days. And Max will take good care of them." I hadn't heard from my werebeast since just before the accident. He was likely sulking over my abrupt dismissal. I needed to check in with him soon, although then I'd have to explain how I'd lied and then risk him running here.

I admitted to something that I knew I probably shouldn't, even as the words tumbled out. "And she isn't feeding anymore."

"What do you mean?" Mortimer turned completely in his seat.

"She wasn't feeding when I left. She said she was satisfied." I wasn't lying, technically.

Mortimer's eyes flared with a mixture of shock and disbelief. "Like him?" He jutted a chin toward Julian.

"Yeah, basically."

"That means ..." I knew what he was thinking without the need for him to speak the words. That meant the feral woman he left hours ago was sitting in a dark mine, waiting for him. "I can't wait around here. I'm going to her," he announced, standing.

"You need to stay here for now, Mortimer," Sofie insisted without turning around. But Mage was moving in, taking slow, even steps into the sunken living room.

"Veronique needs me!" he argued.

"We need you more right now," Mage said.

"To do what?" He threw his arms in the air. "To sit around here, waiting? I can do that as well over there." Mortimer reached down to collect his jacket. Even on the brink of a human apocalypse, the nine-hundred-year-old vampire still made an effort to minimize unsightly creases in his clothing. He would never survive the world we were heading into.

Sofie seemed too absorbed with the skyline to pay attention to Mortimer. Watching, waiting. For what?

"No, you must stay." Mage stepped forward, her own black eyes shimmering. "I insist."

Mortimer's head fell back with a bitter laugh. "What are you trying to do, compel me? You can't, remember? Because I know about your secret." The words had barely left his lips when his giant frame went sailing backward, crashing into the flat screen television.

"You're right. I can't compel you," Mage admitted, not a hint of humor on her face. But she could physically keep him here if she needed to, and she didn't need to admit that out loud. We all knew her power was unrivaled.

With a roar, Mortimer flew at Mage. She easily sideswept him, sending him careening through the opposite wall. He picked himself up and brushed the drywall dust from his chest.

And then, in a move so fast my human eyes would never have seen it, he bolted for the door.

Unfortunately for him, Mage was faster.

"Why ... are ... you ... fighting me?" He pushed out through clenched teeth as Mage shoved him to his knees.

"Because you must stay here, with us. For now," Mage hissed, her naturally serene demeanor cracking as her death grip on his neck prevented him from fighting back. Her black eyes shifted to Sofie and then to Lilly. "How much longer will this take?"

I had to believe that Sofie and Mage were keeping him here for good reason. I stood and calmly strolled over, kneeling in front of him. "Mortimer, Sofie has our best interests at heart," I began, hoping I didn't sound like an idiot. More importantly, if this didn't work, I hoped no one would figure out what I was trying to do. "You need to listen to Mage and stay here for now. You'll see Veronique soon." I could see the tension in his shoulders release, Mage's fingertips relaxing their grip.

Until there was no fight left in him.

With wary eyes, Mage released him. By her stance, I knew she was ready to spring again, if this was some tactic on Mortimer's part. Not until he made his way over to the couch and laid down his jacket did her stance loosen.

That's when her black eyes shifted to me.

I ducked my head to keep my secretive smile from showing. Had she figured it out? Would it matter if she had?

These questions were floating around in my head when Caden, Bishop, and Fiona barreled through the door, their clothes covered in blood and ash, their eyes quickly marking every figure in the room, as if suspicious of a threat.

I didn't falter for a second, meeting Caden halfway. I launched myself into his arms and pressed my face against his chest. For just a few moments, I pushed all my worries and fears away and reveled in his presence, in the feel of his strength against me.

"Are you okay?"

I closed my eyes. "Yeah."

His grip tightened. "You shouldn't have come. But I'm glad you did."

I peeled myself far enough away to tip my head back so I could peer into his curious jade-green eyes. I'd rather die than lose the feel of them on me. "It wasn't exactly my choice."

Before I could explain, Julian was next to us. "Where is she? Have you found anything useful?"

Caden's brow arched at me, a silent reprimand.

"I didn't have a choice," I defended. "It's a long story."

With a heavy sigh, Caden dug into his pocket and tossed a simple pink leather band to Julian. I recognized it immediately. Amelie was wearing one just like it. "We found it on the sidewalk outside the subway station where she went missing."

"Is that it? There's nothing else?" Julian pressed.

"It's hard to find anything down there. The place is swarming with cops."

"Plus the army's in full force now," Bishop added. "They're using bullets that ignite. Burning up the fledglings. It's nuts."

"We saw those," I said.

"I referred to those earlier," Mage said. "Highly effective."

"Then let the army chase after the fledglings. Why are we fighting?" Mortimer grumbled.

"Because the fledglings are evolving too fast, and they'll figure out the threat quickly. You can't shoot a target that you can't see," Mage answered.

"Fine. Whatever. Let's go find Amelie. And don't any of you dare tell me that I can't handle it!" Julian exploded, his voice cracking with heavy emotion as he clutched the bracelet.

Caden's questioning eyes shifted to me. "He can handle it," I mouthed in confirmation.

"Okay." Caden nodded.

"I'm going with you," I said, squaring my shoulders, ready to put up a fight. I knew Caden. He'd want me to stay put, to stay safe. He was so used to me as a fragile human, he had yet to accept me as something else. But after what I'd seen out on the streets, no one was going to make me stand here and watch Caden's back as he walked into that. I didn't care what anyone, including him, had to say.

I'd compel them all if I had to.

I don't know if it was the determination on my face or that Caden felt the same way as I did-that he was tired of saying goodbye-but he acquiesced. I smiled.

Julian was already halfway to the door. "Let's go!"

It wasn't Caden who deterred us. Mage's hand flew out with the speed of a viper, seizing his forearm. "No one's going anywhere." Her calm tone was back but it still sent shivers down my spine.

What were they planning?

"Sofie, this is ridiculous!" Caden yelled. "I told Lilly we'd come back because Evangeline begged me to, but then I'd go back out. We only have a few hours left!"

"Begged? I didn't beg for you to come back," I said slowly. All eyes shifted from me to Lilly, finally resting on Sofie.

And then I saw it.

The pink glow surrounded her body, like a growing bubble. The long, tentacle-like arms reached out, eight of them, drifting toward us. Her focus remained on the skyline.

"Sofie?" My eyes widened as pink bubbles cocooned first Lilly, and then Mortimer, and then the rest of us. A quick glance around showed me that everyone's focus was still on the redhead by the window. I was the only one to see it. No ... Mage's eyes drifted over the edge of her own shell. She could see it too.

"What is that?" Bishop hissed.

Could Bishop see it too?

I checked his gaze. No, he was focused on something in the night sky, his arm outstretched and his finger pointing. A glowing bulb approaching from the distance. Closer ... and closer ... and ...

Snowflakes tickled my nose as the mine's entrance came into focus. It took me a moment to feel Caden's arms still wound tightly around my body. It took me another moment to realize that we weren't in Manhattan anymore. That Sofie had used her magic to transport us back here, as she once did when sending me into the Siberian Mountains to protect me from Caden. Then, a blinding flash of light in the sky pulled my attention to the south for a brief second before I was forced to duck against the brilliance. With another glance, I saw the orange glow overtake the skyline. Even in the black of night, I could make out the large cloud rising into the atmosphere.

"What was that?" I whispered. If anyone had an answer, it was easily drowned out by a deafening sound. The ground rumbled. It raised the hair along my neck.

"Was that ...?" The pieces began to click. "Did someone just blow up New York City?" Who? The Sentinel? The witches? Viggo? Who was crazy enough?

"No, not someone." Caden stared at Sofie. "You did it anyway." I'd never heard his voice so hollow before.

"No! That wasn't Sofie," I quickly jumped in. "She didn't do it. She was waiting until sunrise."

I watched the stunning vampiress's face, waiting for her to defend herself, to deny the accusation. But she stood stock-still, a hard look planted on her jaw, her eyes unreadable.

"Tell them Sofie!" I finally yelled.

Mint-green eyes settled on me with a look that explained everything.

The whispers, the urgency, the distracted demeanor. Sofie had not waited.

"Did you know? When you promised me, did you know?" My words were barely above a whisper but she flinched all the same.

Yes. She had known all along. Right to my face, staring me in the eye, Sofie lied to me.

Amelie.

My gasp came only a second before Julian lunged at Sofie, his hands gripping her neck. "You killed her!" he screamed.

She didn't even attempt a fight as a loud crack filled the otherwise serene nightscape.

I stared, mouth agape, as Sofie's body dropped to the snowy ground. She landed on her back as if asleep. One ... two ... three ... Her eyes flickered open but she did not move. She simply gazed up at the night sky.

Mage, on the other hand, was not as lenient, charging for Julian.

"Stop," Sofie's deadpan voice called out just before Mage's fingers wrapped around Julian's neck. Sitting up robotically, Sofie muttered quietly, "I deserved that." There was no mistaking the sorrow in her voice.

Caden stood silently beside me, arms at his side. I'm not sure when I lost the comfort of his embrace. He faced southeast, to where he last saw his sister alive. Grief tightened its suffocating grip around my chest.

Sofie slowly stood. "I had no choice," she said. "If we waited any longer, there would be no chance at all. I'm sorry, but Amelie was collateral damage to the greater cause. So was Kait."

A glance Lilly's way told me that she had been in on the plan, though by the pained expression on the child vampiress's face, sacrificing Kait must've been a difficult decision.

I could only assume that Mage was in on it as well, because Sofie didn't do anything without consulting her. I glared at the tiny, pragmatic woman, wondering how difficult it was for her to coach Sofie, if she'd even blinked before uttering the words.

How could Sofie have looked directly into my eyes and lied about something so important?

Silence hung over us like a thick cloud. Did I dare hold out hope that Amelie wasn't in the city anymore?

"Maybe Amelie wasn't even in Manhattan," Fiona offered hesitantly, as if reading my mind, her pretty violet eyes alight with new hope. "Maybe she saw Jonah, and then chased him into the other areas of the city. Maybe-"

"New York City is gone," Lilly cut in, her voice hollow. "All of it. Isaac made sure of it. The surrounding area as well. We're protected by these mountains but beyond them is ruin. Amelie is gone." After a pause. "Kait is gone."

"Well ..." Fiona's husky voice wobbled, a lost look in her eyes. "Maybe they both got out of the city. Maybe they're on their way here."

"Yes, maybe," Sofie whispered, her eyes locked on a spot on the snow.

Not likely.

Once the initial shock had faded, Mortimer didn't waste another minute, disappearing into the mine after Veronique, his only real concern.

"Were you in on this?"

Caden's words-his tone low and thick with accusation-took time to register in my head. When they finally did, I slowly turned to find cold eyes assessing me. "Did she call you to come in? Because she knew I'd come running as soon as I found out?"

"No ... I ... are you kidding me?" I stuttered.

"My sister is dead." His hiss made me shiver. "No, I'm not kidding. Because it would seem that those three," his fingers jutted out at Mage, Lilly, and Sofie, "were willing to do whatever it took. So ... Were you in on it? Did you choose Sofie over Amelie? Over me? Is that why you came to New York City?"

My mouth hung open as I shifted my eyes from him to Bishop to Fiona and back to him. "How would that even be possible? There wasn't even enough time! There ..." This had to be his grief talking.

"She had no idea what was going on," Julian mumbled. "Neither did I. If I had, I would've stopped it." A dark gaze lifted to settle on Caden. "And if you were looking out for your sister in the first place, maybe she wouldn't have gone missing."

Julian flew fists-first into Caden, sending them both rocketing back into a dilapidated shed, taking its last remaining wall down. Bishop and Fiona moved quickly to pull them apart, but not fast enough for me to miss the gaping cut across Caden's bottom lip in the second before it healed. Caden shoved Fiona off him, sending her flying into a nearby tree. Bishop released Julian to go to her.

That freed Caden to lunge at Julian, sending him to his knees with a kick to the stomach. Grabbing a long piece of wood from the rubble, Caden smoothly drove the pointed end through Julian's chest.

"Stop this!" I yelled as Julian's face contorted with pain, his hands pawing at the wood. Caden didn't hesitate to slam his fist into the wood, driving it in again, earning another gasp from Julian.

I wouldn't stand by and watch this. I pushed Caden out of the way. "Stop hurting each other!"

Caden's body whipped around, his arm cocked and, for a moment, I was sure he would take a swing at me. But then I saw the recognition flash across his face. His body slumped to the ground.

I tore the stake out of Julian's body and dropped it on the snow. Neither Caden nor Julian spoke. Whatever rage had fueled their fight was gone as they both sat hunched in the snow, arms draped over knees, heads bowed, both suddenly absorbed by their grief. Raw, overwhelming grief. And betrayal, churning around them like thick, black smoke.

"We don't know anything yet," I began, not ready to let go of all hope. "Amelie could be out of the city. She could be safe. She could be-"

"Sofie!" Mortimer's distressed bellow into the night cut me off.

Chapter Fourteen - Sofie

I should have known.

Shifting my attention from the GPS tracker to the black knapsack, the last remaining strands of merth snatched, I quietly chastised myself. I should have checked the bag.

I should have known that Viggo would do something like this.

But because I hadn't, two bodies lay in charred heaps in front of me. I assumed they were Cecile and Brian. A mercy, really. They probably would have done it themselves once they learned of Galen's and Kait's demise.

More bodies lay scattered around the perimeter. From the looks of it, the wolves, including Kiril and Ivan, hadn't been much of a match for a two-thousand-year-old vampire, fueled by revenge.

Neither had Max or his brothers.

"Max!" Evangeline screamed, diving for the giant, still heap of fur. "No! No! No!" Her hands jostled him back and forth as if to wake him, shifting him so violently that his body turned. A glint of silver caught my eye and I immediately zoned in on the small piece of merth wrapped around his paw.

Evangeline spotted it at the same time. "No!" I yelled as her fingers closed over it.

And yanked it off.

My mouth dropped open. Did she actually just touch the merth and not collapse?

The werebeast was on his feet in a flash, releasing a baleful howl before nosing his brothers in vain, trying to get them up. Unfortunately, they hadn't been bound by merth and would not be getting up again.

"Sofie!" Lilly hollered, toeing a white-haired body lying between Cecile and Brian.

"Is that ... Jonah?"

"Who cares who that is!" Mortimer boomed. "Who cares about any of them! Let's focus on who's not here!"

Veronique was missing.

"Did you know he's been tailing us the entire time?" Mortimer spat, holding up a tablet with a frozen image on it, the cold cobalt eyes staring out at me.

I knew I couldn't lie. Not with what may be on that video. "I suspected."

"You suspected ..." The even measure of Mortimer's voice was the calm before a violent storm. "And yet you never felt the need to warn us!" His body shook, lips white with pressure, as if struggling to keep the words in. He held the tablet against his chest, the screen facing out, and hit "play." The hairs on my neck stood on end as the haulage tunnel filled with his revolting voice." There's a benefit to knowing Sofie for over a century," Viggo began. The wicked smile never came close to touching his cold irises. Seated on a bench, he threw an arm over its back, as if getting comfortable in a friend's living room. Nothing in the screen gave his location away, but by the occasional horns and distant sirens, he was obviously filming on a street. "Get screwed over by her enough, you begin to anticipate her next move. Her next two moves." His eyebrows waggled. "Her next ten moves." He whistled as his eyes trailed an unsuspecting passerby beyond the scope of the tablet's camera. "And when you can anticipate her next ten moves, it becomes easy to get what you want. I tried to warn her, in all fairness. The pendant tied to the knapsack? Oh, come, Sofie, what did you think that was? A peace offering?" Every gaze in the room shifted to me.

"And I'm sure you never told anyone about that, did you, my dear Sofie? You would have lost their attention. It would distract them from your big plan to save the world. But perhaps, if you had told them, then it would have been harder for me to do this-" The screen suddenly switched to a new scene-a window overlooking the city skyline. The angle rotated, taking in desks, lamps, and filing cabinets.

Until it settled on a female with blond ringlets, hunched over in a chair.

"Amelie!" Julian cried out. The camera zoomed in on her limp body, her limbs coiled in a strand of merth, tied upright to the chair by regular rope.

Sounds of despair filled my ears, my suspicions proven true. Viggo had killed Galen. Viggo had captured Amelie. And Jonah must have been helping him because there was no other way he'd manage with that silver cord.

I guess Jonah had since worn out his use.

The camera angle moved back to Viggo. "To be fair, I was trying to get my hands on her brother. You know, because I figured that would hurt the treacherous little Evie the most."

Oh no ...

"I don't know how you managed to revive her, my dearest Sofie. After all, I felt her little bones snap like twigs. But you obviously must have. I figured that out quickly. There's no way you would care about fledglings if your little obsession had died like she should have."

Viggo's shoes scuffed along the floor as he paced, the camera still on him. "I almost had him in the blood cellar. Unfortunately, I missed my opportunity by mere seconds."

Unease roiled inside me. I knew it! I had felt his presence. Why had I dismissed my senses so quickly? I should've burned the rest of the building down. Burned him on the spot.

"I have to thank Mage for giving me the foresight to your plan, actually," he said, the twinkle in his eye enough to make me want to destroy the screen with a bolt of fire. "I remembered her telling me once that had she been able to do it over again, she would've dropped a bomb on the city that bred the beginnings of the demise. So, it was only common sense that she would counsel you, Sofie, on that strategy. And of course you would listen because you are a weak, uncreative leader who cannot make her own choices."

Shifting the camera again, Viggo leaned over Amelie's shoulder, both of their faces in the screen, as if about to take a close-up. Amelie's emerald eyes stared back at us, filled with terror.

My stomach clenched.

"Would you go through with it, if the beloved Amelie's life was at stake? For sure you suspected me all along, Sofie." Again, the eyes around me weighed upon my conscience. Viggo turned to Amelie. "Don't you wonder? Should we find out?" He paused, as if waiting for an answer. "Yes, let's find out, shall we? We'll leave you here, in this Manhattan office building."

Another gasp sounded, this one Julian's.

Viggo planted an amiable kiss on her cheek and then stood, patting her shoulder. "If Sofie doesn't go through with it, then here's the address. You can come get her." He captured a plaque on the wall with the broker firm's address on it. "And if that vixen Mage manages to whisper sweet nothings of destruction in Sofie's ear and she goes through with it, then, well ..." The camera took one last shot of Amelie. "Say goodbye to this beautiful little face, folks. I figure the nuke will be coming from the Atlantic. Maybe Amelie will get to see its approach."

Fiona moaned behind me but I couldn't pry my eyes away from the pretty little vampiress in the chair, my own heart-having held onto a shred of hope-now breaking. We had our answer. Isaac had unleashed a sizeable bomb on New York City. Manhattan was at the epicenter.

Amelie would never have survived the blast of fire.

The screen changed to a scene I recognized. Firefighters battled flames spurting out from the gaping hole in Second Avenue, shouting about the heat and the fire's resilience. I knew it was resilient. It was my fire and it would burn for hours.

"It's a little hot here, don't you think?" Viggo's voice called out in the near background. The camera angle turned to take in a blond, wide-eyed Kait, a metal rod through her chest, sapping her of her fight. "Let's make this quick!" Without further preamble, Viggo shoved Kait's body off the edge. We watched in horror as she tumbled into the flames.

The screen cut over as Lilly's scream echoed through the dark, empty mine.

"And, if Sofie wasn't such a deceptive, secretive creature and had warned you that I was near, it certainly would have been harder for me to do this," Viggo called out as the camera panned over the scene in the mine. It couldn't have been taken that long ago. The wolves lay silent, already dispatched. Cecile and Brian lay on the ground, their arms coiled in merth.

Mage hissed as we watched Jonah appear on camera, holding a red tank over the two fledglings. The mutant poured gasoline over them, even smiling as he struck the match on the stone wall and tossed it carelessly. The two burst into flames.

"Why, thank you, Jonah!" Viggo's blue eyes suddenly appeared again, dancing with vicious delight. "He's been a real help. Mage, you trained him well. And for that ... my gift to you." The camera jostled slightly and when it came into focus again, it was on a gloved hand holding out a heart, Jonah's body in a heap in the peripherals. He tossed the heart into the fire.

"But my biggest thank-you of all is to whoever left the bag with the GPS tracker here." My insides churned with dread as the camera captured a form with long, curly brown hair and olive eyes. Veronique, bound by merth and curled in a ball. "I knew I'd get to her eventually. I just didn't think it'd be this easy."

Caden hung his head, his jaw clenching against the realization that, by leaving the knapsack in the mine, he'd led Viggo straight here.

"I'm sorry, dear old friend." That teeth-grinding smile was meant for Mortimer who, by the way his eyes squeezed shut, had already watched the entire video. "I was never a gracious loser. I figure, with enough time, she'll come around."

Viggo set the tablet down, angling it to capture him approaching Veronique. With a long stick, he tore off the merth, latching on to her arm before she had a chance to run. She struggled, twisting and turning, kicking at him, but he held tight. "Now, now, Vee. You've seen what I'll do to get to you. Don't put up a fight now. It won't end well for you, or anyone else. Do you want to see any more of your friends hurt?"

What little I could see of her face, my poor sister was playing the scenarios in her head and quickly deduced that she couldn't win. Slowly she rose to her feet. We watched in silence as Viggo slipped an arm around her waist. Her shoulders pulled in as she recoiled. He didn't seem to mind, leaning in to lay a long, lingering kiss on her mouth. Mortimer looked like he may be ill.

"Take care, all of you," Viggo purred, so proud of himself. "If you haven't figured this out, you're better off staying as far away from Sofie as possible. She can't be trusted with anything. Be smart and break whatever allegiances you made with her. Save yourselves before she gets you killed." His face suddenly morphed from the facade of a jovial man to show the true demon beneath, full of raw loathing.

"And Evangeline ..." A chill ran down my back at the sound of her name on his lips. "I had hoped to see you here. Where, oh where did Sofie hide you?" Viggo winked at the camera. "Don't worry. I haven't forgotten how instrumental you were in helping Veronique make her choice. Or how you betrayed me. Don't think I'll forget that. Soon, I'll make sure you pay. Until later ... Caden." With that, Viggo gave Veronique a light tug and walked leisurely down the tunnel as if out for a night's stroll on a sidewalk, until they disappeared from sight.

Mortimer launched the tablet at the rock wall. Plastic and metal exploded in every direction. "So, Veronique is just ... gone!" He screamed. "After everything we've been through, we led him right to her!" A pause and then, "What do you have up your sleeve that we aren't aware of? Another wraith? More tribal men?"

For once, I wished I had a secret to share. But I didn't. "Nothing. I have nothing."

"Then find something," he growled. "Fix this, Sofie! Find her! Cast a spell, ask the Fates, I don't care!"

I laughed bitterly. Ask the Fates. That was funny. "I will not be casting any more causal enchantments. Ever. It does nothing but feed their entertainment."

"Then there is no reason to remain with you any longer." The words rattled in my chest, the depth of them somehow cutting.

Mortimer vanished.

"At least she's not dead." The hollowness in Julian's words was as opposite as one could get to Mortimer. I didn't have to look at him to see agony written across his face, an everlasting, raw pain that he would carry for decades. Centuries, even. I knew firsthand what it felt like.

I'm sure Julian had memorized that address. I'm sure he would be running back into the city as soon as the flames died down, a shred of hope keeping him going as he searched for her.

He wouldn't find her, though, I was certain.

Because I had killed her.

Chapter Fifteen - Evangeline

I didn't know what to do, where to turn. Did I drop to the ground to hug my friend, crumpled in a heap after learning that the girl who he would've spent eternity with-literally-was dead? Did I wrap my arms around Caden, who had just lost his sister, so distraught that he accused me of scheming against him? Did I go to Fiona, whose legs wobbled as she leaned against an equally somber Bishop, trying to come to terms with the loss of their best friend of over seven hundred years?

Or did I curl up into a little ball and nurse my own suffering? Though so much had happened, the night that I dove into the icy waters to pull Amelie from certain death remained fresh in my mind. I may not have been a long-standing fixture in Amelie's life, but she had become an indispensable part of mine.

A part that Viggo had torn away. A man who despised me.

It didn't end there, though. If what we'd gone through with Bishop earlier was any indication, I'd just lost Julian as well. Still, I couldn't decide if those losses were more upsetting than Sofie decimating my trust in her judgment. How much of this could've been avoided if Sofie had kept her promise? If she'd been honest from the start, we could've been more cautious of our surroundings.

Instead, Sofie unwittingly led us right into Viggo's trap.

The decision of what to focus on was made for me when Julian suddenly bolted, disappearing down the tunnel. I knew exactly where he was going. Everyone knew. None of us would ever forget the Manhattan brokerage firm's address.

But the city would be in a crippling toxic state. Though I was not intimately familiar with the effects of a nuclear bomb, I could guess that what was left was sure to challenge Julian's healing capabilities for at least a few days.

He'd never make it all the way.

I ran down the tunnel after him, but he was fast. Faster than me. I'd never catch him.

I could feel Caden's presence at my back as I tailed Julian a mile through the mine, over rickety cart tracks, through a half-submerged spot, all the way until a faint light appeared at the tunnel's exit.

"Julian! Stop!" I shrieked, wanting him to stay with us, sure that once he escaped the mine, he was as good as gone.

To my surprise, he stopped.

I almost stumbled to slow down before I plowed into his back. He didn't turn, he didn't acknowledge me. He simply stopped.

"Julian ..."

"She might have gotten out."

I wanted to agree with him. But the sooner we faced reality, the better for all of us. "I'm so sorry, Julian."

His head dipped. "I wish I'd never met her."

"You don't mean that."

After a pause. "I know. I don't. It's just ..." His voice cracked. "It hurts so much. I didn't know it could hurt this much."

Of all of us, Julian had lost the most. First his parents-two shameless criminals who deserved it, but nonetheless-and then his sister, Valentina, whose only mistake was stepping foot into the atrium, giving the witch Ursula a chance to possess her body.

And now, Amelie.

Caden stood silently behind me as I reached out to wrap my arms around Julian's sides, folding my hands together at his chest. Whatever I was feeling myself was no doubt nothing compared to the sickness churning inside my friend right now. So acute, my body hummed with his devastation. Like a dark rot coursing through my limbs, I wanted to stem the flow to keep it from poisoning any more. Reroute it until it folded into itself and vanished.

I wanted to heal Julian.

That same energy deep within my core since my transformation bubbled and roiled with anticipation, the same quiet energy that came to life with Dixon and with that little boy, now sparked again.

I let it consume me, intrinsically knowing that it was the right thing to do.

I visualized that agony in Julian shrinking, shying away from me like a cockroach skitters with a beam of light to hide within the recesses. To remain out of sight. Out of mind.

I stood in silence, my arms still around him, my head resting against his shoulder blade, feeling the tension slide from his body.

"What ..." Julian's voice drifted off as he turned to me. "What did you do to me?"

"I think I just ... healed you?" Even saying the words felt impossible.

Behind me, Caden muttered faintly. "What?" I was so in tune with my own thoughts, I pushed his voice out. I had just healed Julian. It wasn't enough that I could heal physical wounds. I could rescue people from the crippling emotional heartache too! Even Sofie wasn't capable of doing that! I knew because she'd tried for Bishop and ended up having to rely on the Fates. That had proven disastrous.

How was I doing this!

"I think you did. I mean," Julian paused, his eyes squinting, "I still know she's gone. I still miss her but ...," he inhaled deeply and then exhaled, "that agonizing pain just disappeared." Pausing again, his face twisted with displeasure. "I'm supposed to suffer. This is like I don't-"

"But we all know you do, Julian," I interrupted him. "Remember Bishop and how distraught he was after? It was dangerous for him to be in that state. Just as it's dangerous for you to be in that state right now. We need you to keep it together, and if that means using magic-" I gasped at my own words.

Magic. That's what this had to be. Of course it was! But how? And why would the Fates give me magic? What were they up to?

A strong hand around my bicep tugged me back until I was facing a stern-looking Caden. "The compelling is one thing but this ... What the hell is going on, Evie?"

"Magic." How else did I explain it? With the facts. I described the events of the night. When I was finished, Caden stared blankly at me.

And then he swore under his breath.

"What?"

He shook his head. "Why? Why would the Fates give you this kind of magic?"

I shrugged. "I don't know."

"What does this mean?"

"I don't know."

"Is it going to hurt you somehow?"

"I don't know!" I yelled. I was sure they were all rhetorical because I would have no better idea what the fates were up to than Caden would. Still, knowing there was something off was one thing. Having someone else fuss about it was entirely different.

Caden slid down the wall to the floor, his hands pushed through his hair. "I'm sorry. It's just ... Amelie's gone. I can't lose you too."

She was. And if Viggo had reached his first target-Caden-then I would be the one who wanted to die. I would never admit it to anyone, but a part of me felt such relief-and then near-crippling guilt.

But Caden needed my attention now. Turning to Julian, I took his hand and said very clearly, "You can't go running off. You need to stay here."

"I won't," he promised. "For now anyway." I couldn't tell if I'd just compelled him to say that or if it was of his own volition, but I believed him. He was calmer. Stable. Enough to be left alone anyway. He looked down the tunnel. "I'm going to find Max and the others. But, Evangeline ..." His brow furrowed. "I can't be around her anymore. Not after this. Not after how she lied to us."

I didn't need to ask whom he was talking about.

I dipped my head because in truth, I didn't know what else to do. I hadn't wrapped my mind around our new reality. How could I be around her if this was true? How could I ever trust her again?

"Sorry for earlier." Julian gave Caden's shoulder a gentle slap as he passed and then, he slowly wandered back toward the haulage tunnel.

Even without focusing on Caden, I could feel the raw pain swirling around him, like a windstorm, and my instincts urged me to fix it. Because I could. Dropping to my knees, I reached forward to place my hand over his chest. I closed my eyes as I focused on the turmoil, letting the heat build inside me.

A cool hand clasped my fingers. "No." The single word pulled my eyes open. "I need to feel this right now." He pulled me into him, his forehead pressed against my temple. "Please, just ... stay here with me." His voice turned hoarse as he pleaded, "Just stay with me for a minute."

"I'll stay as long as you want."

I did. Forehead to forehead, we sat in the silent darkness. The minutes turned into hours. And I had to fight hard not to save him from his pain.

*

"There's only one person who can figure out what's going on with you."

"Sofie," I said, letting Caden pull me to my feet. Even her name pricked at my heart. I felt like I'd lost her. In a sense, I had. I'd certainly lost the version that I'd come to love like a mother.

"Sofie," Caden echoed. Then he cursed. His jade eyes, cold and severe, stared down the tunnel. "I'm done with her, Evie. I know she's a big part of your life but after what she just pulled, I can't be near her. Not now. I don't know if ever. I'll end up snapping her neck at least once a day."

That was two important people-people I couldn't see myself living without-ready to ostracize Sofie. I imagined there were at least two more sitting in the haulage tunnel. Maybe even a werebeast.

"No, you're right," I said. "I don't know if it's Mage who's made her so heartless or just the impossible situation that we're in, but it'll be a long time before I can ever forgive her for doing that. Maybe distancing ourselves is the right move." Since the night I stumbled into her cafe in Portland, I'd been under her spell. Literally, but also figuratively. She'd always had my best interests at heart, even when I didn't know it.

But had we reached the point where it was time to say goodbye?

Caden sighed heavily. "We need to know what's going on with you, and Sofie seems to be the only one who can ever figure these things out."

I shrugged. "Maybe we don't need to know. Maybe we just take what I can do as a blessing and move on."

"Unless it's something that can kill you."

It wouldn't be the first time the Fates had turned me into a ticking time bomb. In fact, every time their magic touched me, it seemed to come with an expiration date. First with the pendant, and then with the Death Tribe's magic.

Caden fell silent for a moment, before switching gears and grabbing my waist to pull me into him. "I'm so sorry about earlier. I know you never would've been a part of that."

"No, never." I pulled his bowed head into the crook of my neck. "I really was just coming in with Julian to find Amelie. And Sofie lied to me. She looked directly in my eyes and she lied. How could she do that?"

Buried against me, he laid a gentle kiss. "Remember, way back when, I told you that our kind was not to be trusted? It's our nature. She thought she was doing the right thing."

I dared ask, "Do you think it worked?"

"I think ..." He pulled away from me, his beautiful face a sculpture of grief, his lips pursed, as if the words he was about to say were going to cause him physical pain. "I think we lost the day we left Ratheus." My eyes closed, not willing to face the guilt in his. "We will never win, Evangeline. It's only a matter of delaying the inevitable."

"And do you think we delayed the inevitable?" I hazarded.

"We won't know until we go in and see." His fingertips grazed my cheek slowly. "If we go in and see."

What would be our other option? Walking away? "I don't see how we can't, Caden. We just dropped a nuclear bomb on our own country! We've turned the world upside down! We can't jump ship now. What kind of chain reaction did we just cause? Plus, you know Julian needs that closure. I think the rest of us do too. We've come this far, and even if we don't agree with Sofie's methods, we need to just finish off the fledglings so we can move on. Maybe that can be the silver lining to losing Amelie." It was so hard to see anything positive in what had happened. Even my small miracles-the little boy in the car, healing Julian's anguish-were meaningless. Upward of eight million people had just perished.

Including that little boy, I was sure. What was the point in saving him at all? So he could have several hours to feel the consuming loss of the two people who loved him most? I should've just let him go.

"I'll do whatever you want, but you're not leaving my side for another second."

Whatever I wanted. This was a change from the norm. I was always the one asking what we should be doing and Caden was always the one wanting to protect me from danger. Now, though, Caden was looking to me to make a decision.

It wasn't a matter of want but rather need. "We go to New York as soon as it's safe enough, kill the last of the fledglings, and then ..." A deep furrow zagged across my forehead.

"And then we leave. We get the hell away from this," he finished softly, his frown matching my own. "From her."

"What if she did the right thing, Caden?"

"The right thing would've been staying out of the city in the first place," he said. "We should've just blown it up right away. Then at least we'd all be alive. And Viggo would be dead."

Viggo. I shuddered at the thought.

"I know." Caden's arms wrapped around to my back, his mouth finding the edge of my jaw.

"And he's targeting you to hurt me," I said. If he succeeded ...

"It's never going to happen because we now know he's out there and we're going to kill him first." I almost believed him.

"I don't know why he bothers. He has Veronique. Why doesn't he just run?"

"Because he has nothing left to lose. Nothing to love. She'll never love him." When his gaze lifted to mine, there was a momentary sheen over his eyes. It was gone in a blink. "We have everything to lose. We have someone to love."

A conflicting mix of happiness and fear blossomed inside. Caden was mine, forever. And forever truly meant ... forever.

Suddenly he was pulling me into another tight hug. "I'm so relieved that you came with Julian into the city. If you hadn't ..."

If I hadn't, Viggo would've found me. He probably would've killed me.

"So, we go in and get rid of the fledglings and kill Viggo. That's the plan?"

"Yeah."

"Sofie won't like this," I warned.

He snorted. "That's an understatement. She'll find some way to interfere. For our own good, of course," he mocked.

I nodded in agreement. She would. I remember the lengths she went to keep Bishop pinned down after losing Fiona. It was for his own good, certainly. But when did that end? When had being with Sofie become more dangerous than being without her?

I bowed my head into his chest and let my hands glide along the curves of his sculpted chest. "I don't even need to sleep anymore, but I want to. Just curl up in a ball, close my eyes, and enjoy the silence."

"I know what you mean." A hand brushed my hair off my forehead. "It's what happens when you know you have to make a hard decision."

*

Their low murmurs carried through the wide, low-ceilinged mine passage. Bishop sat with his back propped against one of the mossy stone supports that the miners had carved around, his fingers twirling strands of Fiona's caramel-brown hair. She lay stretched out against the cold ground with her head resting in his lap, staring up at the ceiling.

Obviously lost in thought.

How would she take the loss of her best friend of seven hundred years? Was there a point where length of time no longer mattered and pain was simply pain?

Max lay with his chin resting on his paws on the other side of Julian. Normally the giant beast flopped down onto his side like an animal sunbathing. But this was the pose of a dejected animal.

Letting go of Caden's hand, I kneeled next to him, giving him a scratch behind his ear. I'm so sorry about everything, Max, I said silently, hoping my ability hadn't somehow been lost. I'd almost lost him. Had Viggo been less malicious, had he not wanted Max to suffer watching his brothers murdered, I would not have had the chance to apologize.

For once, Viggo's savagery had worked in my favor.

The beast's sad eyes lifted to me told me that my sentiments had reached him.

There was a long pause. You lied to me.

I sighed. I had to tell Julian about Amelie missing. Even thinking her name brought a painful lump to my throat. He took off for Manhattan and I couldn't stop him.

So you lied to me, Max pressed. Again.

I didn't know what else to do. I was afraid you'd come after me and we needed you here.

A lot of good that did.

I'm so sorry, Max.

After a long moment, he mumbled, So am I, Evangeline. There was no humor in his words, no typical sarcasm, not threats of "don't do it again or else" or "what am I going to do with you." Any of those things would've made me feel better. Instead, I felt a hundred times worse. I had betrayed him.

Betrayal seemed to be running rampant in our little group.

He readjusted his head to face the opposite way, and I got the distinct impression that was his way of telling me that the conversation was over.

"What's the plan?" Bishop asked solemnly as Fiona sat up. Looking at the grief in their faces was hard, so I turned to Julian, who had maintained that mask of composure, a sad smile touching his lips.

"From here on in, the six of us stick together, no matter what," I said. "We don't let anyone separate us; we trust only each other."

"What about Sofie?" Fiona asked, her tone sharp.

"We trust only each other," Caden repeated.

My gaze shifted back to Max as I added, "We tell each other everything. No matter what. No secrets."

"Well, here's something for you: I'm going back in there," Julian said, his jaw set with determination. "I don't expect you all to go with me but I need to see for myself that Amelie couldn't survive."

Caden was quick to answer. "We'll go with you. We all need that same closure."

"And we need to finish this, even if everything goes to shit. We have to make sure she didn't die for nothing," Bishop said.

A moment of silence carried through the space.

"How are we going to get around Sofie? We all know she's going to stop us." With a snort, Julian added, "Viggo was right. She is predictable."

"She doesn't decide for us anymore. We decide what we will do and she can agree or not," I said, studying each of their surprised faces. Maybe because such a statement was coming from me who, in the past, had always given in to Sofie's requests and demands. Their loyalties to Sofie-never officially consummated through a pledge of allegiance to her-only existed because of their unspoken allegiances to me. And I'd never requested it of them. I simply knew that we were all in this together.

Fiona's husky voice filled the room, changing the topic. "Julian said you healed him, Evangeline. He said you could heal people. Is that true?" Her violet eyes were piercing, even in the darkness of the mine.

"It would seem so." I shrugged. "But don't ask me to explain how because I have no idea." In the spirit of "no secrets," I said, "I can also compel vampires." Fiona, Bishop, and Julian started in surprise. "And I can see Sofie's magic when she's casting spells. I saw her forming those bubbles around us back in Manhattan. I just didn't know what they were."

Fiona and Bishop shared a look, giving slight nods in agreement. "Could you heal us? Like you did for Julian? It's not that we don't care about Amelie," she rushed to say, furtive eyes flashing to Julian and then to Caden. "It just ... hurts a lot right now. If we have to go back in there, we want to do it with clear heads."

I smiled at her. "Of course I will."

Caden's hand squeezed mine. "All of us," he whispered softly.

It took no thought at all.

Chapter Sixteen - The Fates

"This rift will work to our advantage," Terra noted as they hovered over the image pool, watching the mortals decide their next steps. To call them "immortal" was preposterous next to true immortality like that of the Fates. "With them apart, the girl may never comprehend what she can do."

"She has managed to grasp certain concepts quite quickly, and without guidance," Incendia reminded them drolly. Though he would like to feel pride for his child's intuition, he knew that that intuition would wreak havoc on this game if it continued.

When Incendia chose the girl as his player in this game, he knew that it was a good move, that it would lead to an impressive confrontation. The Fates so enjoyed confrontation.

But they also hated to lose.

It had taken years and many concessions to Terra in order to name the girl his, for Terra could see what a powerful adversary the choice could be. She did not want to lose. She had, after all, chosen the primary player for this game-the redheaded witchling named Sofie-after winning the last round, with every intention of winning again.

The others had selected well-Unda chose the one named "Nathan" as a means of attacking Sofie's romantic side. That choice propelled the game forward with Sofie's pleas for help from the Fates. A'ris further complicated the player Sofie's life by inviting venomous jealousy into the game through the election of the witch, "Ursula." That player's hatred and determination far exceeded their expectations.

But they all knew that in the end, it would come down to a face-off between Incendia and Terra's players.

And Incendia was certain that when the true test time came, his player would choose right.

"Do you think it's true that the player Sofie will not pray?" A'ris asked, recalling her declaration to all that she no longer would.

"I don't see how she won't. When she grows desperate enough." Terra chuckled to herself. "That silly name ... 'causal enchantments.'"

"Silly the name may be, but they're the only lifeline for us into this world," Unda said. It was their one true weakness, if it could be called that. "The only way to interfere without stopping a game before it has run its course." If they stopped a game, how would they begin a new one? Who would be named victorious? Who would select the next primary player? Ending a game before completion was against the order of things, and the Fates required order.

"That is not true," A'ris quickly corrected. "Recall we will be granted one audience with the player Sofie should the need arise. That was arranged."

"Yes, it was." Incendia nodded his agreement. He had arranged it as a barter for the two requests the player Sofie had made when the Fates had granted her request for an audience with them. "Let us not use it until absolutely necessary."

Chapter Seventeen - Sofie

"It'll be days before the military can step foot in there to look for survivors," I said, studying the ominous clouds taking over the morning sky. From our perch atop a mountain ridge near the mine, my hollow voice carried on the constant breeze. The hollowness was a fitting counterbalance to the rot that had taken up residence inside, a feeling I knew I wouldn't shake for years to come, if ever.

Based on Lilly's quick scouting-I really had to hand it to her, unlike the rest of us, she was keeping it together despite losing both Kait and Galen-the bomb may have devastated the city but it appeared the entire northeastern seaboard was paralyzed, electrical systems fried, communications systems broken. We wouldn't know how far that paralysis extended until a more thorough investigation was conducted.

"They won't find many," Mage said, standing directly next to me, her jet-black hair fluttering in the wind. "Perhaps some along the outer ring, if the fledglings who survived haven't dispatched of them first."

I dipped my head with the weight of the situation. How many fledglings could've survived? Certainly a small fraction compared to the infestation of hours earlier.

Certainly not one tied to the nineteenth floor of a Manhattan office building at ground zero.

"I can't help but think we should've waited."

"This would have happened anyway. How long did you think the rest of the world would have sat back and simply watched, waiting for the 'epidemic' to come to them, before they realized they were at war?" Her voice turned harsh. "Eleven days. That's how long they waited on Ratheus before this country was bombarded with the world's nuclear weapons supply. Their peace treaties, their friendships ... none of it mattered in the face of true fear. Even now, there are countless conversations taking place behind closed doors, wondering who ordered the attack, who may be next, and what to do about it. Eventually they'll come to the same strategy-survival of the fittest. Or the most powerful.

"And it doesn't help that this country's leaders are likely being counseled by the Sentinel and the witches, pointing fingers at our kind, pushing for harsh offensive tactics to eliminate us before this should happen again."

"If that's true, then we'll never be rid of this threat until every last witch and sentinel is dead," I said.

"Second-guessing yourself will not change anything," Mage reminded me.

"But perhaps someone may have found Amelie and released her." Some unsuspecting human going into the office. If anyone would bother with what was happening around them. "Then she'd still be alive." And I would not be the treacherous witch who looked directly into Evangeline's eyes and lied. Watching that comprehension take shape in her mind felt like a scythe sweeping through my gut.

"And this world would have no chance," Mage pushed. "Now, it does. At least a small chance. We will go in there, finish off the last of them, and then the humans can clean up."

Clean up? How did one begin to clean up the kind of devastation I had just delivered to them? They had done it-twice-many years ago, in Japan. I remembered that. But these bombs were so much more powerful! And we were talking about New York City!

"Evangeline and the others will never forgive me, will they?" I asked softly. Our kind didn't know how to forgive. Our emotions governed us too deeply.

Mage's mouth twisted. "Deep down, they all know that it was the right thing to do. Eventually, they will begin to accept the reality, which is why you mustn't risk that by throwing your personal doubt at them. Perhaps they will forgive in time. Perhaps not. And if not, then you will learn to survive without it."

"Maybe I have no interest in surviving without Evangeline's forgiveness." Maybe I was tired. Maybe this was too much. Maybe I should just give in, hand the Fates the winner of their game-whoever that was, if I hadn't just incinerated them in New York City. And, if I had, then did that mean I had somehow won? Because I certainly didn't feel victorious.

Seeing that look on Evangeline's face, I was quite certain that I'd lost everything important to me.

"I don't think I'm meant to be a leader in something so monumental, Mage. I think you need to take over making the decisions."

There was a long pause as Mage stared out at that menacing skyline. I sensed her thoughts had wandered far into the past. When she spoke, it was with a degree of melancholy I'd never heard in her voice before. "There are only so many impossible decisions one being can make before the weight becomes too much. I carry that burden for my world. Now you must carry the burden for yours." She looped her arm through mine. "But I will stand next to you while you bear your lot, my friend. That I can promise you."

"I'm not sure how much more I can bear." I inhaled deeply, hoping to somehow absorb some of Mage's strength, hoping that I could at least appear resilient, knowing what I had to do next.

Evangeline and her friends would be focused on something other than saving this world-the impossible hope that Amelie was still alive. With the military waiting, their weapons adapted specifically for killing our kind, and with Viggo hunting, intent on Caden, Evangeline needed to be focused on her own survival and nothing more.

And that's why I knew there was no safety in keeping her and the others here, with me.

I would have to go against what I knew they'd want-again-in order to keep them out of harm's way.

"Now that we must wait for the dust to settle, I think it's time we discuss something equally important."

"Something more important than the end of the world?" I said dryly, though she had my attention. When Mage wanted to talk, it was never frivolous.

"Evangeline. About her transformation. You and I both know that it is not typical."

"Besides her eyes?" Like shiny gold coins in their luminosity. Still beautiful, but odd, given they were once a pretty hazel brown. I sighed. "I expected as much from the Fates." They could never honor their word with grace. That's what you got, though, for meddling with dark magic. That's the only way to describe dealings with causal enchantments, because any positive outcomes came twisted in darkness.

"Yes, but ..." Mage's perfectly shaped black brows pulled together. "I would have expected something disastrous. Undesirable mutations. But so far, I've seen nothing but strength in her. She is completely in control of her need for blood."

"Yes, I have noticed that." And I was thankful for it, in truth. Otherwise she would've been a sitting duck and Viggo would've slaughtered her when he discovered her in the mine.

"And she's immune to merth."

"Yes, I noticed that too." I had no explanation for it.

"Her eyes followed the bubble when you were casting the last transportation spell."

"Yes ..." For the third time, I admitted, "She can see magic. I probed her before we left for the city. I found nothing strange inside. She felt exactly as she should." The way Evangeline's eyes had trailed the long tendrils of my magic startled me at first, enough to break my spell. "What I can't figure out is why the Fates would give her such extraordinary capabilities?" My blood ran cold uttering their name. Those damn faeries and their trickery and their deception, their cold, callous decisions.

"Why indeed." If Mage had any guesses, she didn't offer them. "And then there's the compulsion."

I turned to regard her profile. Such delicate features for such a deadly creature. "What do you mean? We can all compel."

Mage's eyes were still on the horizon. "I'm quite certain that she compelled Mortimer to stay, back at the penthouse. If that's the case, I believe she has also compelled Julian to resist human kills."

My gaze searched the treetops below as I pondered this. Compel vampires? I supposed it would make sense. How else would Julian have had such control over himself after only a few hours? Veronique also seemed quite calm and composed in the video. And Caden's odd comment earlier, when we reunited in Central Park ... Did Caden know about this?

But compelling vampires? "That would be ..."

"Impossible? Yes."

I frowned. "Well, not impossible. I watched you compel others, remember? Back when we tested your venom, you compelled all of the Ratheus vampires to stand back." Though Mage was an original, and Evangeline certainly was not.

"They were not fledglings," Mage argued. "I have tried compelling true fledglings. It did not take." She turned black eyes on me. "Not at all."

Evangeline could do something that even Mage could not? "What does this mean?" I thought I was finished burning my energy to figure out the Fates' motives. But there we were again, the muscles in my body tensed with alarm. "It can't be anything good. It never is."

"No, it usually isn't, is it." She turned her attention back to the haze of destruction. "I have a theory, though I cannot substantiate it yet." I waited silently. Finally, Mage elaborated. "I don't believe that she can simply see magic. I think they've given her the ability to wield magic. Why, I cannot say. Perhaps it is a defense tactic."

A defense? What on earth would Evangeline need to fight against, besides Viggo...

My stomach sank with realization.

Against me.

I was a "player" in their game and I had an opponent.

Was Evangeline my opponent? Would they do something so sick and twisted and ... yes. Yes, they would.

I kept my eyes locked on the horizon for fear of letting Mage see my panic. No one knew about this "game" and my role in it. I'd kept that knowledge close to my chest, mostly because I didn't see any use in sharing it, but also because I still didn't know how it played into this situation. Was there an advantage to being who I was? A detriment? Would killing me benefit someone else somehow?

Would it benefit Evangeline?

In one sense, if the Fates had in fact set us against each other, they were idiots because I would gladly sacrifice myself for her safety and happiness-if I knew that would guarantee it.

So wrapped up in my thoughts, I almost missed Mage's words. "Evangeline will likely realize that you are trying to transport her this time around."

Would she recognize the bubble for what it was? Could I cast it quickly enough? Regardless, I'd figure it out because I had to. I had to keep them safe. I wouldn't risk Viggo hurting her anymore. Especially not through me.

*

"Mortimer is long gone," Lilly announced, perched on top of the old kiln, in the same place I'd found Caden and Evangeline yesterday.

"Not surprised." I was surprised he hadn't ripped my heart out of my chest as he passed by. I was also disappointed. Of the two ancient vampires and perpetual thorns in my side, Mortimer was always the more levelheaded. Plus, Mortimer understood Viggo better than anyone else.

He truly understood how the psychopath's mind worked, far better than I did, obviously.

I did know that Veronique was relatively safe. Viggo wouldn't kill her, not while he could derive such pleasure from keeping her hostage. No. He would hold on to her forever, just to torture Mortimer and me. I wouldn't put it past him to attempt to sway her heart, to believe that he could. And the only reason he would believe that he could is because Viggo didn't know how to truly love and therefore he didn't understand the complexity of it, the finality of it.

"Perhaps having Mortimer after Viggo will put pressure on Viggo to hide his tracks. If that's the case, he won't be able to follow us so easily," Mage said.

I nodded slowly. I wish I'd had the time and forethought to put a tracking ring on him before he left, as I'd done to Bishop and Fiona. Of course, I'd waited until Evangeline took off after Julian, not wanting her to see. I even went as far as to hide the glowing purple bracelet beneath their pant legs, hoping she couldn't somehow still sense it. "And the others?"

"They are in the mines, preparing to leave for New York City."

I shared a knowing glance with Mage.

The only place they were going was to the farthest corner of the world-an inhabited island off the coast of New Zealand-far enough that it would take time to make their way back here.

Mage's hard gaze shifted over my shoulder. "As I suspected, this will not be as easy as we had hoped." Her chin jutted out behind me, just as my ears caught their soft footfalls in the snow.

Turning with wariness, I found a wall of grim masks: Evangeline and Caden, hand in hand, Bishop holding on to Fiona. Julian, arms folded over his chest, stood on the opposite side of Evangeline, focused. Yes, there was only one rational explanation for his demeanor. Evangeline must've compelled him. How, though, I still could not comprehend. Calm determination swirled in the air around all of them. Another oddity.

All except for Max, who lingered behind, like a stray dog having lost its owner.

Even with a fleeting sweep of my eyes, I caught the mistrust in Evangeline's gaze and it made me flinch. Disappointment, hurt, shock. It was all there, and I couldn't deal with it right now.

I would have to transport them all at once and I would have to do it quickly. And then, when this was all done, I would beg for her forgiveness.

Reaching in to myself, I began pulling the threads together, weaving and winding them as they remained hidden within my body, my lips moving as quickly and intelligibly as possible as I cast the spell. Evangeline might see the bubble but, short of attacking me, she wouldn't be able to stop it until it was too late.

"Are we ready to go?" Caden asked. In his pretty green eyes, the bitterness for me churned. I had once fought for his trust and respect and won it. I would never be in his good graces again.

"Yes, shortly," Mage answered, just as I released the spell into the air, the pale pink bubble quickly swelling.

As expected, Evangeline's eyes darted to it, narrowing. "What are you doing?"

I pushed against the recesses of my magic, compelling the bubble to grow faster, to envelop them so I could get them out of here before anyone had the good sense to fly at me.

In two seconds, it was around Fiona and Bishop; in four seconds, it had grabbed hold of Julian; in six seconds, it had-

"No!" Evangeline commanded in a voice that sounded nothing like her. An authoritative, powerful voice.

My magic burst like a soap bubble, and the spell fizzled as if it had never been formed.

My mouth dropped open.

Evangeline had just broken that spell with one simple word.

How?

By the shocked look plastered across her face, she was just as surprised as I was.

Quickly replacing the look with a nervous mask, Evangeline crossed her arms over her chest. "You're not sending us away this time. Not unless we agree to it. And we don't." Sharing a look with Caden and Julian, she explained, "We're going in to find Amelie."

Exactly as I'd suspected. And now I needed to come up with a new plan to keep them out of the way. I tried reasoning. "It's not safe for you near there right now. You're distracted, and distraction is dangerous."

"We're not distracted. We know exactly what needs to be done," Julian snapped. "And besides, we're not safe anywhere."

"You're right, you're not. Which is why I wanted to send you away!" I snapped back, unable to contain my anger. As much as I'd come to like Julian, his hotheadedness made me want to snap his neck on occasion.

A bitter smile curved Caden's mouth. "Now you're worried about our safety? Maybe you should just keep focusing on saving the world."

I ground my teeth against the urge to admit that I'd made a mistake, that I shouldn't have gone against them. Mage was right. It wouldn't change anything and right now, it probably wouldn't help. "Lilly, Mage, and I will go on ahead to scout the situation and the new base. It's best that you stay here and-"

"Where is the new base?" Evangeline cut me off, her eyes drifting to Lilly.

The child vampiress's petite body sailed through the air to land at Evangeline's feet. "We have our pick. Most places on the outskirts have been abandoned. Except for the few idiots who don't know when to leave."

"When do we go in?"

Furtive blue eyes looked to me before answering. Lilly's allegiance was to Evangeline, not me. The only reason Lilly had listened to me before was because Evangeline ordered her to. Would that order be rescinded? How long could I continue trusting Lilly?

"It will be another day or two before it's safe to enter the denotation site, but if we can get in there before the humans, we can make sure the fledglings in the subway tunnels didn't survive."

"You must stay here in the meantime," I quickly threw in, a desperate attempt.

"And when the fledglings are all gone? Then what?" Evangeline asked Lilly, ignoring me.

Lilly didn't look at me before answering. "Then we hunt down the last of the witches. The People's Sentinel will fall into the recesses without the witches' power. And then we will hunt down Viggo."

"Or we can rid ourselves of him at the same time. He's already hunting for me, right?" Caden asked.

"Yes, he will be. Which is why you should stay away," I hissed. "You've already seen what he's capable of!"

"That's because you didn't warn us," Caden spat back. "But now we know. So we'll see this through and then I'm taking Evangeline away from you. For good."

Unable to control my reaction, my wide eyes rushed to Evangeline, her jaw set tight and those odd golden eyes locked on me. To weigh my reaction, perhaps? Ready to battle my argument? "You can't!" I blurted.

Why hadn't I expected this?

"The curse is over. There's no need for you to protect me anymore." Distress flickered across her features but she stood firm, shoulders back.

As if that were the only reason I was there, always within the shadows, manipulating those around her.

Loving her, like a mother would her daughter.

Eighteen years watching over Evangeline, keeping her hidden, and now she was telling me that I would be relegated to her past.

An intense panic rose inside me. I remembered feeling this as a human. It always coincided with my lungs closing up and me struggling to breathe. I may not need my lungs anymore but I felt my emotional heart breaking. I was losing her. The only thing that had motivated me, the one thing that truly kept me going these last eighteen years, had not been Veronique.

It was Evangeline.

"I can't just let you go," I said hoarsely.

"It's not up to you anymore, Sofie," Caden responded.

"It's not up to you, either," I snapped.

"You're right. It's not. It's up to me," Evangeline said.

Bishop and Fiona shifted on their feet. They had likely anticipated my reaction.

I grasped at straws. "Even without Viggo and the witches, the humans will not simply forget this. The Sentinel will reform. There will be more wars that we need to-"

"If vaporizing an entire city didn't change this world's fate, then nothing will. We won't risk losing any more of us trying," Evangeline offered softly, reaching out to grab on to Caden again.

Despite myself, a sad smile curled over my lips. Evangeline had changed. Yes, she was no longer human, but beyond that transformation, she had matured. She was no longer the naive eighteen-year-old, accepting a waitressing job from a complete stranger out of desperation, having nothing left to lose.

She now had something to lose.

It wasn't me, though.

I watched her beautiful, youthful face-changed and yet not changed, still her but no longer her.

"We just need ... peace. We need to be away from this," she said, voice drifting. The real words need not be spoken; I knew what they were. Away from me. I had pushed her away. Now that no one needed me to solve a problem or cast a spell, I was nothing but a hazard.

And it clicked. This is what Viggo wanted. This was the true catalyst behind his plan. It wasn't enough to take Veronique or hurt Evangeline. He wanted me abandoned. Unloved. Alone.

Like him.

And I had lost them all-their trust, their support.

Their love.

And after what I'd done to them, I probably deserved it.

Chapter Eighteen - Evangeline

"Devastation brings out the best humans, does it not?" Mage murmured, her voice thick with sarcasm, as we stood in a Wal-Mart parking lot and watched a few dozen darkly dressed people-men and women both-climb in and out of the gaping windows, arms loaded.

"Do they need these supplies?" Fiona asked.

A moment later, as a man struggled with a flat-screen television, we had our answer.

"The police will be here relatively soon," Lilly said. "Relative" was the operative word. I imagined they had their hands full. This wasn't the first department store we'd seen looted and we hadn't reached the real devastation yet. Here, people could still walk outside without fear of their skin and lungs burning.

"Come on, then. Let's go," Sofie said.

We slipped through the opening like eight shadows. Max stayed outside. After all, what did the werebeast need? Some of us, on the other hand, could use a change of clothes and a shower.

The place had already been pillaged, a free-for-all to grab what one could. Based on the sparse canned goods and battery shelves, at least some were concerned more about survival than high-ticket items.

"Five minutes," Sofie said, "and let's stick together, please." Since our confrontation, she'd leveled no more orders, though I knew she had to bite her tongue countless times. With that, she took off. I doubted she'd ever shopped at a Wal-Mart before in her life.

Grabbing knapsacks, we flew through the basic grooming and clothing aisles, each grabbing a change of simple black clothing and toiletries. It seemed rather trivial, given everything else that had happened, but I couldn't blame Caden for wanting a shower and something clean to wear.

I knew I'd prefer him in clothes that weren't covered in ash and blood.

It wasn't until the shoe section where Bishop showed us his split heel that it hit me. "This is our new life, isn't it?" It wouldn't be long before the broader society would deteriorate to match this small section of the country. Until we were stealing everything that we wore. Only it wouldn't technically be stealing because there would be no one left to pay. Infrastructure would crumble, currency would hold no value. Civilization as we knew it would cease to exist. The only answer I received in response was a sympathetic smile.

*

"We'll have to wait until nightfall tomorrow to go in to the city," Lilly explained, leading us up the creaking old steps of the farmhouse porch. It didn't matter that she kicked open the door. Most of the old windows were already shattered from the blast.

"The owners?" Sofie asked as her sharp eyes surveyed the darkness within. Even with nightfall, I sensed the thick, dirty air, the dust and radiation particles floating through the atmosphere, creating a toxic blanket for any mortal. My skin tingled with a slight burn.

"Gone," Lilly confirmed. I wondered if "gone" meant abandoned or dead as she led us farther in. My nose picked up the faint odor of cattle.

The back of the eerily quiet home opened up into a sprawling kitchen. Open loaves of bread and a carton of milk still sat on the counter. It was obviously an unplanned exit, one way or another.

Using her tiptoes to reach over the stove, Lilly flicked a switch and a light came on. "We're on one of a few grids still working," she explained. "But we should probably keep the lights to a minimum. Just in case anyone's watching."

"Anyone" wasn't anyone. She meant Viggo. It didn't seem likely that Viggo would trail us so quickly, Veronique in tow, but this was Viggo we were talking about. What sounded irrational was exactly what he would do.

"Good pick, Lilly. It's nice and remote," Bishop murmured. "Smart call on the cattle farm."

"They're contaminated," Mage was quick to point out, running a hand along the kitchen counter. She inspected the sooty film on her fingertips.

"So? Radiation can't kill us."

I often had to remind myself that Bishop had been created after the war had already started and was whisked away by Fiona soon after. Of all of the Ratheus vampires, he was the only one not familiar with the downfall. And of all of the Ratheus vampires, Mage was the only one acutely aware of how it unfolded from day one.

Fiona wrapped her arms around his neck. "No, they just taste dreadful, babe. You'll wish you hadn't."

His brow quirked. "How bad, exactly? Because from what I saw, there have to be at least fifty of those fine beasts out there, waiting."

"Really bad, like you'll-wish-you'd-listened-to-Fiona-because-she's-always-right bad." She nuzzled her delicate nose against his neck.

Bishop groaned. As happy as I was that they could find some levity in the gloom, it was too much for me right now. I touched Lilly's forearm.

"Have you heard anything from Isaac?" I asked.

A solemn shake answered me as she stepped over to peer out of a glassless window, shards crunching under her boots. "They were supposed to bring the submarine to the surface and leave, but I don't know that they got off. None of the signals are working."

We'd been so focused on the loss of Amelie, I hadn't heard one kind word spoken to Lilly about her own grief. "I'm sorry about Galen and Kait." I may not have liked them but they died fighting with us. They deserved that much.

There was a pause and then a sheepish smile, one of a child rather than a deadly creature. "I didn't think you'd talk to me again after I helped with that."

Sofie's head turned toward us slightly and I knew she was listening, even with her eyes locked on the hilly countryside through the window. She had to be wondering the same. Why would I forgive Lilly and not her?

"I trusted that you would listen to Sofie. You didn't betray me, Lilly." Lilly had done exactly what I told her to do. Listen to Sofie in all things war-related. It was to her I spoke, but I'm sure everyone standing in that old farm kitchen knew who it was meant for.

Confronting Sofie earlier had been harder than expected. I knew that it would be. When we marched out in a solemn row to face her, I had wavered momentarily. And then she did exactly what we had anticipated. She'd tried to control the situation, tried to ship us away, knowing that we needed to see for ourselves that Amelie was in fact gone. We needed that closure. Sofie knew we needed that closure. Yet, she was going to take the opportunity away from us.

That's when I knew for certain that I could never trust her again.

Still, when Caden informed her of our plans-that we would part ways when this was over-I saw the veil drop for just a second and her pain revealed itself. I almost buckled.

Lilly's mouth opened as if to say something but after pausing, she simply nodded. "We need to know what's going on at all times from here on in, okay, Lilly?" Also meant for Sofie to hear. A warning to not keep us in the dark again. At least casting spells against me would prove difficult from now on. I smiled to myself, in awe of my new abilities.

Another nod from Lilly. "The military is setting up their rescue stations across the ridge. I'm going to go and gather some information and supplies."

"We can come with you," I offered quickly, glancing at Caden and the others. We would not be separated again.

Sofie's head whipped around and her mouth dropped, but she held her tongue.

"No, this is straight reconnaissance. I do better on my own," Lilly explained.

With my single nod of agreement, she disappeared. I knew we didn't have to worry about Lilly. She'd survived for over a millennium. She had even evaded Viggo's reach.

And still, I worried.

She'd become more than an ally in all of this, so ironic given the first meeting with her had ended in a ghastly slash across my arm, followed by a kidnapping. I now considered her a good friend. I hoped that after all this was said and done, she would join us wherever we ended up.

"I suggest you go and clean up. Enjoy the quiet you have now," Mage said, her tone serene, as she dragged over a kitchen chair. "Tomorrow night, when you see what is left ... you will be wishing to unsee it for a long time." A glimmer of sorrow passed through her eyes as she sat.

Caden's fingers entwined in mine. With a slight tug, I tailed behind him as he led me out of the kitchen. We grabbed our knapsacks from the hallway. Passing by the living room, I spotted Max, stretched out across a blue floral rug, his chin settling on his front paws in his sad puppy way.

He hadn't let me heal him as I had healed the others' emotional wounds. In fact, Max and I had exchanged no more than two words since the mines and I couldn't stand it. I don't think he trusted me. My insides twisted. What if he decided he wanted nothing more to do with me?

It would gut me.

"I'll come find you upstairs," I said, breaking free of Caden's grip. I dropped down beside the giant canine body, wrapping my arms around Max's neck. "Please don't leave me."

He made no effort to acknowledge my affections or my words but he didn't pull away, so I curled up next to him and rested my head on his shoulders. I lay there quietly as Caden and the others took the creaky steps to the second floor. Footsteps above, followed by doors closing and taps turning. Water rushed through the old house's pipes.

It wasn't until Julian came down, freshly showered and changed, his hair still dripping, that I pried myself away from my big guardian. "Hang out with him," I whispered.

A half smirk responded, the sadness visible in Julian's rich brown eyes. "Who else would I hang out with?"

If I were capable of crying, I might at this point. Giving Julian's arm a squeeze, I made my way upstairs. Julian's sweatshirt and jeans were scattered across the floor of the first room and Fiona's soft giggles told me to avoid the second closed door. I quietly opened the third, knowing that Sofie and Mage had remained in the kitchen so there was only Caden left.

This had to be the master bedroom, I surmised, my eyes rolling over its spaciousness, large enough to accommodate two dressers and a large bed. As if to fit the farm feel, the walls were covered in floor-to-ceiling wallpaper of dusty-rose and green flowers. Matching curtains draped the windows.

I quickly dismissed the details when a full-length mirror in the corner caught my attention. I stood in front of it, seeing myself in my immortal body for the very first time.

"Holy ..." My words trailed as I peered back at myself through my new yellow eyes. Vibrant gold coins, so bright they shimmered, even in the dark. No wonder everybody stares at me. A ran a fingertip along the bridge of my smooth nose and my cheekbones, just slightly more prominent. Twirling a few strands of hair, I had to admit that even it had changed-its color richer, its texture thicker. And my body ...

The shower in the adjoining bathroom was still running so I knew I had time. I quickly peeled my clothes off, casting them to the floor to join Caden's. I couldn't recall the last time I stood in front of a mirror like this but I did know that my body had looked nothing like this. It was still my body, only curvier. My legs were still long and lean, only there was no softness, the silhouette of my thighs shapely. Parts of me had filled out more while other parts had tightened. Thinking back to that first time I wore a bikini next to Amelie and Fiona, I had to admit to myself that I could stand next to them without feeling awkward now. I could-

A whistle interrupted my self-examination.

I froze.

Leisurely footsteps approached but I didn't turn around, suddenly feeling all the awkwardness and none of the confidence that I'd been reminiscing about only moments ago.

"You were stunningly beautiful before too," Caden said in a low voice. He pressed himself up against me, droplets of water dampening my back, the towel around his bottom half soft against my skin. Rich jade eyes, deeper than usual, penetrated mine in the reflection. He pulled me against his chest with his well-defined arms. "Are you happy with what you see?"

With a sheepish grin, I admitted, "Yes." A pause and then, "Are you?"

His low chuckle tickled my ear, sending waves of exhilaration through me. Pulling me tighter against him against the hardness under his towel, he mumbled, "What do you think?"

I turned to face him. His hair was in disarray, merely towel dried. I reached up to touch a strand. "And these eyes?" I asked.

We didn't need to breathe and yet we did, our heavy exhales creating billowing clouds within the room. "Which ones? These ones?" I closed my eyes as he leaned forward, first to kiss one lid and then the other, before closing his mouth over mine, the kiss so deep that it forced my head back.

I inhaled the scent of his musky soap. "You're so clean. I'm not." Some of the blood and ash from Caden had rubbed off onto me, leaving streaks of soot and crimson.

Sweeping me off the ground, Caden carried me to the adjoining bathroom, a sly smile curving his lips. "I could always use a second shower."

*

"How will the world move forward after this?"

Staring out the small farmhouse window at the morning sky beyond, the ominous cloud hovering over the distant decimated city had begun to dissipate. Unfortunately, the aftermath would not disappear so easily.

"I don't know," Caden offered, pulling a simple black shirt over his head. "There never was just one nuclear bomb drop for us and Ratheus never did move forward. I guess only time will tell."

"I read somewhere that radioactive particles released into the air will travel miles, polluting everything they touch." My eyes rolled over the snow-covered farmland in the distance. "None of this will be livable for years, will it?"

Caden sighed. "No. Probably not."

"Do you think she did the right thing?" I'd already asked this question once, and yet the answer we'd come to didn't necessarily sit well with me. Then again, nothing about this situation sat well with me.

The bed creaked as Caden relieved it of his weight. "I really don't know, Evie." His heavy boots clunked along the old wood floorboards as he approached me. He leaned down to rest his forehead against the back of my head, his arms roping around my body. "I can't bring myself to admit it because it's Amelie, but ..." He paused. "If we go in there and find that the fledglings are dead and this war has been stalled, then maybe it was the right move and losing my sister was the cost."

I leaned against him, my hand on his forearm for a sympathetic rub. It was the same thought that'd been lingering in my mind all night. But as Caden had said, just considering it to be true ignited guilt. Maybe that was our burden to bear, though.

How much guilt was Sofie bearing right now?

A flicker of movement in the distance caught my attention. Squinting, I peered out at the figure as it crested the horizon. Almost a blur, moving so quickly, but there was only one person it could be.

"Lilly!" we said in unison. She'd been gone for almost seven hours.

Three more figures crested that same ridge then, and my relief faded. Were they chasing her? I couldn't tell, but they were moving fast. Too fast to be human. Would fledglings chase? Would Lilly run from them?

"Who are they?" Panic set in. It was only amplified seconds later as a blur of movement trailed them-not human figures, not nearly as fast, but certainly approaching.

Caden and I raced to the main floor. Out of habit, I hollered, "Sofie!" as we stormed out the front door, down the rickety old stairs, flying forward. Everyone was coming after us in seconds, Bishop in only pants.

Sofie and Mage appeared immediately to join us in our charge down the long driveway. We crossed paths with Lilly where the mile-long driveway met an old dirt road. "Weapons!" she announced, slinging a duffel bag almost as long as she was tall off her back.

"Lilly, you're being followed," Sofie rushed, her green eyes narrowing as she searched the landscape.

"I know." Her tiny face split into a broad smile. There was no need to provide an explanation, though. We understood immediately when three tall, military-looking men came into view. The three living members of Lilly's council. They had made it off the submarine after all.

Bishop's laughter bellowed in the quiet morning. "You found them?"

"They found me. They figured I'd be skulking around the action." Lilly giggled, her genuine happiness a bright light in our gloom.

Without a word, they smoothly dropped their own duffel bags with thuds.

"Hazmat suits," Lilly explained. "Everyone's wearing them. It'll help get through the lines without drawing attention."

"Lilly, who else followed you here?" Mage asked, her shrewd black eyes dissecting the empty fields ahead.

"Wolves," Isaac announced in a deep voice, proving to me that he could in fact talk. His stony expression didn't ease as he added, "They are slow."

Sofie's eyes lit up with that news.

"Kiril's and Ivan's men tailed the witches up from Boston," Lilly elaborated. "They'll be here soon." Her smile fell with her next words. "They didn't know about Kiril and the others."

We shared an impromptu moment of silence for the group who'd probably suffered the most in all of this.

"Are they still willing to work with us?" Sofie asked, her words hesitant.

"Yes. They are. In honor of Kiril and Ivan."

Sofie dipped her head once in response.

"So the witches have their hooks in the military," Mage stated, her tone clearly not a questioning one.

"The leaders, yes," Lilly confirmed.

Sofie and Mage shared a hard look.

"Did they figure out that you were there?" Mage asked.

Lilly's face flashed with the look of a petulant child. I pursed my lips to keep from laughing out loud. "No one ever knows when I'm there, unless I want them to."

Sofie sighed. "You are invaluable, Lilly. Thank you." She turned back toward the house but then stopped. "We're going in tonight, at nightfall." She scanned all of our faces, resting on mine for a moment longer than the others. "Let's decide on our strategy. Together." She didn't wait for our agreement before beginning the long trek, her steps slow and lackluster.

Chapter Nineteen - Sofie

"I will burn every last one of those sorceresses where they stand," I growled, launching the wobbly kitchen chair against the cupboards. Wood splintered in every direction, the loud crack like a gunshot in the silence.

"We need to be smart," Mage counseled, sliding her own chair out calmly, unperturbed by my tantrum. "They may have figured out that we were behind the bombing, but they do not know whether we're going to venture into the city again. The last thing we want to do is let them know that we're going back in. They'll be the ones to push the button this time."

Air hissed through my teeth. A second bombing? Would they do that? Yes, they would. I'd never tested my magic against a nuclear weapon, but I think I could safely say it wasn't strong enough to stop it.

"Perhaps we should send another bomb in to eliminate any remaining fledglings," Mage muttered, the front door banging against its frame in the background. "If the ones in the tunnels have broken free, it could be an easier way to rid ourselves of them."

"No!" Julian barked as the long processional of bodies filled the spacious kitchen. "What if Amelie is still alive! What if she's trying to get out? So help me, Sofie, if you do something so callous again, I will rip your-"

"We have lost the opportunity, regardless," Lilly cut in sharply, disrupting Julian's very clear threat. "The ballistics submarine was flagged as compromised and destroyed eight minutes after the release of the bomb. Isaac barely got off."

"There are more submarines." Mage said, brow arched. I knew what she was trying to communicate. "See? This is why you can't have a democracy when impossible decisions need to be made. Too many emotions involved." Little did she know that I was done making the impossible decisions on my own. The long night sitting at the kitchen table had allowed me time for silent reflection. It is where I realized that losing Evangeline was more than I could bear. Perhaps this silent vow makes me weak and selfish. Perhaps Terra should not have selected me as her player if she had any intention of winning. I would gladly wear those labels if it meant not losing Evangeline forever.

Lilly's face settled on me. She wore the same unnerving mask that she wore through our first meeting in Paris, when I couldn't tell if she was deciding to answer or attack. "I will not authorize any more missiles unless that is what Evangeline wants."

"And I won't want that," Evangeline said, her piercing yellow eyes landing on me, as if evaluating my reaction.

"Then we will not be unleashing any more nuclear missiles," I stated firmly. There was no missing the eye twitch, the grit of her teeth. Evangeline didn't believe me. There was nothing I could do about that. I'd just have to prove it. If it took me a thousand life times, I would keep trying. I would never give up.

In a wide sweeping motion, I cleared the newspapers, the loose cutlery, a few random glasses-evidence that humans once lived here and participated in things that didn't involve strategizing against the end of the world-off the table. Everything fell to the floor except a box of children's cereal.

Dumping the colorful rings out, I dropped into a spare seat and began sorting the colors. I needed a visual plan. "Purple is Sentinel, green is sorceresses, yellow is army, orange are the wolves, and we," I placed a pile of blue rings in the middle of the table, "are here."

"We're planning an attack with Froot Loops?" Bishop muttered, his natural wide smirk like a breath of air.

"No." I locked eyes with Evangeline again. "We're planning to end the war with Froot Loops. And we're going to do it together."

"How?" Caden slipped an arm around her waist. A reminder that they were a package deal, a warning that he wouldn't let me hurt her again.

"Simple. We go in. We get rid of the fledglings buried within the subway tunnels. And then we kill every one of those sorceresses."

And the Fates will never have a reach into our world again.

Chapter Twenty - The Fates

"She cannot do that!" A'ris released a screech that rippled the image pool, the player Sofie's face shimmering before dissolving. "Can she?"

Incendia and Terra exchanged glances.

Terra's player had provided them with years of entertainment, her volatile temper and wild emotions guiding her to act rashly, begging for their help time and time again. They gladly "helped," giving her what she asked for while upping the excitement of the game. And, like the control-hungry creature that she was, she kept coming back to them.

But would she go so far as to kill their lifelines to this world by eliminating the many vessels remaining?

"It must not happen before the game has ended," Terra confirmed with a clenched jaw. "Afterward ... it does not matter. They will all be gone soon enough." Without the sorceresses, the world was dead to them.

"They've been no use to us so far. They are afraid to ask for our help," Incendia grumbled. All eyes shifted back to the faces in the image pool, congregated in a small, windowless room, discussing the possible whys for the bomb. They were the Fates most powerful conduits next to the player Sofie. "If they would just ask, we could perhaps stem this issue with my player before it becomes a real problem."

Though the girl continued to advance with her abilities, she remained in the dark.

"And what if your player should win?" Terra began a casual stroll around the vessel containing the many worlds and universes within their realm. "Can we simply leave her to her own devices? Allow something like that to remain within our dominion?" Four sets of kaleidoscopic eyes returned to the image pool as the girl's yellow eyes stared back at them.

No. They certainly could not. It disrupted their order of things.

The order that ensured the Fates remained on top.

Chapter Twenty-One - Evangeline

The enemy camp was just as Lilly had described it, right down to the wooden barricades and the never-ending row of heavy artillery surrounding the stadium.

Funny that I should think of it as an "enemy" camp. I hopped out of the back of the vehicle that we'd commandeered some miles back, my boots crunching against the compacted snow, flattened from countless tire treads. We were all working for a common goal-eradicate the last of the fledglings and save as many human lives as possible. But thanks to the witches and their Sentinel puppets, our strategy to achieve that skewed in different directions.

Namely, they wanted us all dead.

Another truck rolled in behind us, this one with three vampires and seven wolves in human form, dressed as military personnel. They would be our eyes and ears at the base.

We passed the processional of outbound emergency vehicles, the same endless line we'd passed on our way here, transporting thousands of injured people from the peripherals of the blast radius. I didn't want to think about how many might not survive or what lay ahead for their recovery. Or demise.

The stadium was still intact, given its size and distance from the epicenter. Still, the charred signs and ash against the concrete walls proved that it had not escaped completely unscathed. Generators hummed, pumping electricity into the structure and to the giant emergency spotlights outside while crews worked on the transformers in the area.

Beyond the stadium, I saw the first hints of the true destruction to come. Burned-out residential areas, the houses now grimy hovels, empty of life, not one window remaining whole; charred trees, no longer recognizable for their type or true size; cars left sitting in the middle of the street.

Everything black and dismal. And dead.

I didn't look any harder. If I did, I was sure I would find what I didn't want to see.

The people who would not be climbing in trucks and whisked away.

We marched past the stadium where army and emergency workers waited for the go-ahead to proceed, countless languages mingling together. This catastrophe had drawn help from all over the world.

"Do you think anyone will notice that we don't have the breathing apparatus hooked up?" Julian asked.

We could've fled through here and ran straight through to our end goal but this allowed us the opportunity to assess the threat-namely, the witches-and so we marched toward the front lines as any other human would. All except Max, who skulked within the shadows. He would come with us. I would never let him leave my side again.

"Dude, how would anyone notice?" Bishop asked.

Julian shrugged. "I don't know. Always figured a person would sound like Darth Vader in one of these."

Caden's fist flew out to smack Bishop in the gut, cutting off his loud bark of laughter with a grunt. "They may not notice the lack of breathing but they'll think laughing is a bit weird, so shut the hell up."

"Shhh," Mage warned as we passed a row of transport trucks. Unmarked silver trailers sat affixed to their backs. Each had a simple solid door on the side, reachable by a narrow flight of stairs. A man in full military fatigues ran up one of those sets, disappearing inside, a folder tucked under his arm.

"The command centers," Lilly explained in a murmur. "The witches are in one of them. Now it's a matter of figuring out which one."

"That one, there." I pointed to the third on the end. The one with the faint pink glow radiating around it.

"They're channeling," Sofie confirmed. "They're channeling an awful lot of magic."

"Channeling for what?" My feet slowed as I focused intently. Inside those walls, a symphony of heartbeats raced, excited by something.

Sofie's hand poked my back, prodding me forward. I peeked back and could almost see the fire in her green eyes, even behind the mask, as she glared at the long container. "For me. For magic being cast. That weave ... it feels like a sensory spell." I caught her silent curse. "It would be so easy to rid ourselves of them all right now."

"It's not the right time," Mage warned. "There may be more here. We need Isaac and the others to locate them all. Fledglings first. Then we deal with the witches."

"Amelie first," Julian corrected.

Silence met his words, hanging between us like a thick fog. In all of our strategizing, the topic of Amelie had been glossed over. The building Amelie had most likely died in and the subway construction sites were only blocks apart. It would make sense that we confirmed survival-or otherwise-simultaneously.

Sofie shifted away from us, picking up her speed.

"Now this reminds me of Ratheus," Caden murmured, reaching out to give my hand a squeeze before letting go. As desperate as I was to grasp his hand and refuse to let go, we'd agreed to specific rules of conduct while here. Along with Bishop's boisterous laughter, affection did not make sense in this environment.

Mage had thought of everything.

*

The stadium sat far in the distance now. To the left and to the right as far as I could see, a wall of soldiers in hazmat suits and heavy-duty guns stood silent, their weapons trained on the mile or so of wreckage that lay between them and the Hudson River. Based on Lilly's reconnaissance, the bridges had been destroyed and only the Holland Tunnel remained intact. Debris had been cleared off the road and now Humvees traveled toward it.

Right past crowds of fledglings.

Did they not see them?

And what were the fledglings doing? I studied the ones closest to us, their clothing tattered and dusty, as they clustered around tall, black barrels. There had to be a hundred or more such clusters, some crowded with fledglings, others with one or two.

"Blood traps," Mage murmured as if answering my unspoken question. "Just watch."

Scanning more closely, I spotted soldiers lying on top of the tanks, peering out through the scopes of guns that sat on metal stilts-too large to hold-sights trained on the clusters.

My ears caught the faint sound of a countdown. Three ... two ...

And then the darkness exploded with flashes of light as the snipers fired round after round of heavy artillery on the fledgling clusters. Bursts of flame erupted in the distance, the Sentinel-designed bullets proving their effectiveness.

In only seconds, the army had wiped out hundreds of fledglings.

"Not so helpless after all, are they?" Mage said, a hint of a smile in her tone. Such a rarity.

With these tactics, perhaps the army could take care of the majority of fledglings. Sure, some might get past but a few was nothing next to thousands. Maybe those who escaped would have a conscience. Our kind weren't all vicious animals. Did we really need to go in at all?

Of course we did.

For closure.

"Ready?" Sofie called out.

Caden grasped my hand, giving me a tight squeeze as we all nodded, securing the guns strapped to our backs. It'd been smart thinking on Lilly's part to confiscate them during her reconnaissance mission. We could use the weapons on any fledglings we might come across, making our job quick and easy.

"These soldiers heading in will be working from search grids. Stay clear of them. There will be Sentinel mixed in with them and they will have guns that can kill you. And keep your suits on. Otherwise you may be mistaken for a fledgling and shot. If anyone fires at us, we kill swiftly. No mercy. Do not stop for anything until we are past the tunnel. Follow me to ..." Sofie's instructions-a repeat of what we had already decided-faded into the background as an unnerving twinge caught my attention.

Like a sixth sense.

A warning, of someone watching us.

Without turning my head, my eyes searched faces and bodies in the vicinity through the tiny window of my mask. I saw no one that made me wary.

And yet I somehow knew in my gut that Viggo was near.

"Okay, let's go!" Sofie's voice kick-started my legs as we dashed out, moving too quickly for any human eye to capture.

I closed in on Caden as we ran through the Holland Tunnel and into destruction.

Chapter Twenty -Two - Sofie

I did this.

With each step, with each mile covered, I bore witness to the destruction caused by my order. The scene back at the military base was grim enough, but now we were facing a wasteland of toppled buildings, smoldering fires, and people who'd needed to find cover in order to survive.

And hadn't.

Even at our speeds, even in utter darkness, I couldn't put blinders on and ignore the corpses.

Still, I tried.

"Eve!" Caden bellowed behind me. I stopped and turned in time to see Evangeline veering off the street to a city bus parked on the side, pulling off her mask. She let it drop to the ground as she ripped open the doors and climbed in.

"What is she ..." I muttered, turning back and cutting over, wary of the distant headlights. The military was cordoning off and sweeping across, section by section, and while they were one main street away and we were in obscurity, the last thing I wanted to do was attract attention.

It wasn't until twenty feet away that I heard the small heartbeat and instantly knew.

"Oh, Evangeline." I sighed. On the one hand, it was promising that she hadn't lost her sense of compassion. On the other hand, there wasn't much she could do for anyone here. If they survived the blast, they certainly wouldn't survive the effects of radiation.

I was the last to reach the bus, Evangeline's friends having made it perfectly clear that they were one unit that would not be separated. Max stood within the shadows, watching.

"Please convince her that we don't have time for this, Caden!" I pleaded but he waved my protests away with a dismissive hand, his focus on her.

When Evangeline stepped out again, it was with a girl of about ten in her arms, her limbs and cheeks marred with burns, her hair matted with dried blood from numerous lacerations, likely from exploding glass. She was alive and alert, though clearly in shock.

"I found her hiding under the seat," Evangeline explained, turning her attention to the girl. "What's your name?"

"Susan." The girl's voice was scratchy, as if desperate for water.

Evangeline spied an unsightly wound on the girl's forearm and my stomach tightened. Would this be the moment when the uncontrollable urges hit? Would that be the latest twist in the Fates' sick game?

All around us, smoldering fires suddenly flared, flames sprouting from the ashes to dance and twirl in a mesmerizing dance. I glanced at Mage to see that the ancient vampiress had pulled off her mask. Her eyes were glued to Evangeline, wide like I'd never seen before. It wasn't until the girl's wounds began to pale and then fade that I clued in.

Evangeline had healed the girl.

Without the use of magic.

At least, without the use of my kind of magic.

"When I leave, you will not remember me," Evangeline said in a commanding voice as she released Susan from her grip. The girl held her arms out, her mouth hanging open she took in her unblemished forearm. "You were in the basement of a building during the blast and just came out. Now, let's get you to safety." Scooping her up, Evangeline took off toward the very lights I wanted to avoid.

Dammit.

"That is not sorceress magic coursing through her," Mage hissed as everyone took off after her. "There were no strands, no glow, no-"

"I know."

"And if it is not sorceress magic, then ..."

"What is it?" I finished for her.

"And how powerful is it?"

That was the question. What was Evangeline capable of?

Chapter Twenty-Three - Evangeline

We couldn't just leave the poor girl to wander through the pitch-black streets, especially not when there was help so close by.

I heard Sofie's shouts but I ignored her, knowing this wasn't part of the plan. It was the right thing to do. Caden and the others tailed close behind, in case of trouble. I didn't expect any. I'd drop the girl off with the next army vehicle and they could take over. That's why the army was here.

To rescue survivors.

She weighed nothing and it took me all of ten seconds to track down a truck. I slowed before the headlights caught me, the Humvee coming to a squeaky stop. Beams of light suddenly hit us from atop the truck as several armed soldiers hopped off the back, their guns lowered but held as they ran around.

"I found her wandering the streets," I hollered, a rash of butterflies suddenly stirring in my belly. There was no need to be nervous, given I was in full disguise and helping the girl-not killing her-and yet I knew that if there were any Sentinel in this group and they grew suspicious, this could set off alarms we didn't need triggered. "She was hiding in a basement."

"She's covered in blood," the soldier on the left said.

"Dried blood. Not hers, from the looks of it," I was quick to point out.

Susan stood still, her hand gripping my arm as her eyes drifted to their guns, her heart racing.

"It's okay. You're okay now," I soothed as Caden and the others stepped into the light. It drew the soldiers' attention-and guns-in their direction. "They're with me." Only four figures in suits appeared. I assumed Mage, Sofie, and Lilly were hanging in the shadows with Max. That was fine. This would only take a minute.

I gave Susan a slight push, urging her forward. Finally, her worn navy-blue sneakers dragged along the pavement as she took several steps forward, her arms coiled around her chest tightly. "You'll be fine. They'll get you somewhere safe," I assured her. When a soldier appeared from the truck with a gray woolen blanket to quickly wrap her up, her pulse finally slowed.

I watched them lead her away, my heart full for one brief moment because I'd been able to save one person and it'd been so easy. Spinning on my heels, I took quick steps toward Caden, anxious to be out of the spotlight.

"Why are you off the search grid?" One of them called out.

I faltered for one ... two ... three beats, unprepared for that answer. Apparently that was too long. Several clicks set my hairs on end.

Lilly stepped into the light beside me, her suit at least four sizes too big for her. Still, she managed to carry herself with an air of authority that surprised even me. "Who said we're off the search grid? And why are you pointing guns at us?" she demanded.

"Sorry. The sergeant major's got us keepin' our eyes peeled for anything suspicious. Where's your truck?"

"We just delivered a survivor to you. I'd say that's quite unsuspicious. Why don't you get her to safety," Lilly calmly suggested, ignoring the last question.

"Right. Okay." The gun muzzles lowered. It appeared that the threat had been squashed.

"Nibbs!" The driver ushered the soldier we were speaking to over with a wave. The soldier-Nibbs, I presumed-sidestepped over and leaned in close. With the truck's engine purring loudly and the voices muffled, it was difficult to interpret what was being said. I heard "eight" and "movement" and "no heat."

And then Nibbs' raised his gun and pulled the trigger.

I watched the bullet sail through the air as if in slow motion, a sizeable missile-looking thing aimed for my chest. It was nothing to avoid it, letting it continue on until it hit a brick wall across the street and detonated.

In that brief time, though, the rest of the soldiers raised their guns and fired into the darkness.

Now we had a problem. We could easily run and avoid the bullets. But something had made them fire on us. This would be reported, and the witches would be notified.

I watched with trepidation as everyone-Sofie and Mage included-descended on the armed soldiers. In seconds, none stood. The engine on the truck revved as if to pull away but one of us reached into the driver's seat, ready to dispatch the driver as well.

"Wait!" I cried out, rushing forward to find the soldier's head pressed back against the seat, his neck vulnerable to the twist of an expert hand. "We need him to take Susan back." As if on cue, Susan whimpered softly in the back. "Compel him."

There was a pause and then Sofie pulled her mask off.

She tore the man's gloves off, revealing an angled cross tattoo. "We can't compel him. The witches have somehow blocked my ability." She paused. "Care to do the honors?" I couldn't tell if she was pissed at me for veering off the plan, but her tone certainly didn't leave me feeling warm.

I removed my mask again and gripped the man's chin, surprised at how quickly his heart raced, how afraid he was. I'd already disassociated the Sentinel from the innocent human population, seeing them as cold, villainous creatures who needed to be stopped. But he was human. He probably had a family somewhere. He probably thought he was fighting for a good cause.

Maybe he was.

"You will drive the girl back to the barricades and ensure that she is safe. You will say nothing about this." I paused, taking in the bodies. "If someone asks where your group is, say ... say they're investigating a building where they heard people yelling." I knew it wouldn't be convincing but it might buy us some time.

His head bobbed sluggishly, that cloudy haze swirling within his irises. "I think it worked," I said to Sofie. Mage, her mask also off, climbed into the passenger side.

"I think it did," she echoed, her suspicious gaze flickering to me.

What did they see when they looked at me? Was there a pink glow around me when I healed Susan? If I was wielding magic, I hadn't the foggiest clue how I was doing it. As much as I didn't want to admit it, I still needed Sofie very much. There would be a time and place to ask those kinds of questions.

"What is this?" Mage demanded to know, tapping at the screen mounted on the dashboard.

Still in a haze, the man explained, "Motion detectors ... infrared scanners ... sound monitors ..."

It clicked-his warning to Nibbs, just before the soldier shot at me. Eight, he'd said. Their scanners picked up our movements. And no heat. Right. We didn't emit body heat. That made sense.

"Do all vehicles have these?" Mage pressed.

"Yes."

"Does this feed into anything at the base?"

"No."

"Did you radio this in before you called Nibbs over?"

"No."

The three of us released a collective breath. It didn't last long, though.

"I tripped the emergency switch to tell them we needed urgent back up." The admission came a split second before Bishop's bellow.

"We've gotta go!" Lights appeared on the horizon, bouncing up and down as they raced over debris.

Susan had folded herself into a crevice behind the passenger seat and was shaking uncontrollably. Leaving the girl like that made me sick with guilt but we didn't have a choice. "Nobody will hurt you. Just stay in here until someone asks you to come out."

I didn't wait for her answer.

We escaped down the street and around the corner just as the sounds of squeaky brakes and boots hitting pavement carried through the night's silence.

"Lilly? Check in with Isaac!" Mage called out, peering back around the corner. We could've easily outrun the trucks but I knew what Mage was worried about. Attracting the witches' attention.

Lilly's gloved hand raised as if asking for silence; her other hand pressed against her ear. "No alarms yet." She tore her mask off. "Well, at least we learned something. Perhaps we stick to the plan, going forward?"

Was she referring to the Sentinel's tactics or my abilities?

Sofie's next words told me what she was focused on. "You healed that girl." It was a statement, not a question.

"I guess I did." I paused, and then the panic bubbled. "Do you think they could see it? The witches, I mean." I hadn't even given it any thought before. We still had to somehow get to the thousands of fledglings in the tunnels before they broke free! Had I just screwed up our entire plan because of my impulsiveness?

"No," Sofie quickly confirmed. "That's not sorceress magic you're channeling."

Not the same magic? What other kind of magic was there? "What does that mean?" Deja vu washed over me. Hadn't we been here before, so many times? Hadn't I asked her this question so many times? The only difference was I trusted Sofie then.

"I'm not sure yet," she whispered. I so desperately wanted to believe her soft words. But I knew better.

"It means that the witches cannot sense it, either," Mage said. "That could be a big advantage for us out there. Evangeline, if you learned how to wield it properly, if you figured out your limitations, this could help us tremendously."

"I doubt anything that the Fates have done will help anyone but the Fates," Caden interjected, his tone sharp and so very readable. Don't trust what they're saying, he was reminding me.

"But what if you could turn this war around?" Mage said.

"What if this is a trap that will end up killing her?" Caden yelled back, taking several steps forward to place himself as a barrier between Sofie and me. "I won't let you use her!" Another thirty seconds of this and we wouldn't need the witches or the fledglings or the Sentinel or Viggo; we'd all be trying to kill each other.

"I don't know how I end up doing anything that I do," I admitted with frustration. "And we have somewhere we need to be." I didn't wait for a response, instead running down the street. In seconds, the others followed, weaving in and around cars and fallen power lines.

We ran in silence, our suits creating a strange rumpling sound as we moved. If any survivors existed here, they were hiding because I sensed nothing stirring, not even a stray cat. I kept my eyes forward, trying not to count the growing number of bodies in my peripherals, the ones I had to sidestep or run over. By the charred remains of both people and buildings, we were well within the radius of the fire. I couldn't wait to get closer to the epicenter, the expectation that I wouldn't be able to identify anything a relief.

We passed a collection of busses-likely a station-when that eerie sixth sense kicked in again, the one I'd felt back at base camp.

The one that instantly made me think of Viggo.

"It's him!" I hissed.

Caden closed the gap between us. We ran side by side, our shoulders bumping against each other. "Who?"

Without turning my head, I scanned the dark recesses surrounding us, hoping I was merely paranoid. I couldn't find anything. Not a flash of movement or a glimmer of an eye.

And yet I knew I was right.

"We need to stay together." Why wasn't Viggo attacking?

Rounding the corner, Caden stopped and grabbed my arm. His hand moved to pull off his mask.

And it clicked. Viggo didn't know which one of us was Caden.

"No, don't!" I grabbed his hand, yanking it down before he could reveal his face. The face that one day, I would be able to sit by a quiet river and stare at all day if I wanted. "Come on. Keep running." We had a clear advantage here. I didn't want Viggo to know that I was on to him.

"What is going on?"

"Don't stop running and keep your focus forward," I warned. "Viggo is following us."

Chapter Twenty-Four - Sofie

They had begun traveling in a tight two-by-two formation with Max bringing up the rear.

Whatever was going on, clearly Mage and I were the outsiders.

"What do you think triggered that?" Mage asked.

"No clue, but I'd love to know." They were obviously worried about something.

"Then let's find out." She released a sharp, high pitched whistle-our signal for rounding up for an important decision.

In seconds the group surrounded Mage. "Here." Mage pointed to a narrow alleyway. "I don't know about you, but I'm sick of these noisy suits. We can stow them in here for the time being."

Her fingers curled around her neck to remove her headpiece when Caden said quietly, "You should keep it on."

Mage paused. "And why is that?"

Lilly-it was impossible to mistake her tiny size, drowning in the suit-maneuvered casually, doing a sweep of our surroundings.

Yes, there was definitely something happening.

"Has Isaac told you something?" So help me God if they were hiding anything from us, I would-

"Viggo is following us," Evangeline said in a low voice.

The hairs on the back of my neck spiked. "Did you see him?"

"No. But I can feel him. He's close."

I felt Mage's questioning gaze through her mask. No, I couldn't sense him. Was this real?

Evangeline tilted her head slightly, as if to catch a scent. "He's watching us right now. He's ... angry. He can't figure out which one of us is Caden. He's afraid he'll lose his chance if he gives too much warning."

I sighed, but it held no relief. Only a sense of foreboding. I wanted to dismiss Evangeline's warning as simple paranoia. Everyone was on edge after how quickly things had spiraled out of control with this plan. Again. But after what I'd witnessed with the injured girl, and how Evangeline was able to break the compulsion spell with that soldier, I could not ignore it. If Viggo was in fact lurking in the shadows, that meant our attention was now divided, our safety compromised.

"What do you want to do?" I directed the question to anyone but really, to one.

"I think there's no way he suspects that we know and we need to keep it that way," Evangeline said. Slow nods prodded her on. "I think we keep heading toward the subway site and the plan. And when he shows himself ..." Her voice suddenly turned hard. "We need to be ready."

*

Miles of rubble and ash stretched ahead of us, canopied by the remnants of a looming, thick cloud. I imagined that beyond was a sky full of twinkling stars, the likes of nothing New York City had seen in over a hundred years, thanks to its city glow. If any stars existed beyond that cloud, though, they wouldn't be shining down on us tonight.

In the distance, the edges of the city rose again where the blast's radius had lost its awesome power. But in between here and there ... nothing.

Central Park was gone, not a hint of a tree or statue to identify it.

The tall, luxurious buildings that built the Manhattan skyline, gone.

All evidence of a thriving city, gone.

On the only bright side, there was nowhere for Viggo to hide. But there was also nowhere for us to hide. He could watch us from afar and pounce if we were distracted.

"Where are we exactly?" Julian asked as we stood in a semicircle, taking in the devastation. I could only imagine how much worse it would look in daylight.

I knew that Julian's question wasn't so much about where we were as it was about where the broker building from Viggo's video was. The problem was, I couldn't answer it.

There wasn't a single marker left.

I honestly don't think it mattered. Judging by the fear and the finality in his voice, Julian might have just come to terms with reality.

Amelie could not have survived.

"I don't see any fledglings," Lilly murmured, kicking away at a chip of stone.

"They might still be buried deep, if they survived."

"How will we get to them?" Fiona asked.

Good question. I had planned on using my magic to clear a passage in. Now though, with the witches watching closely, I needed an alternative.

Chapter Twenty-Five - The Fates

"She is getting too close." Unda's kaleidoscopic eyes flashed with fear.

"Relax. They are mere mortals. They are not clever enough to comprehend the magnitude of this." Incendia patted the air soothingly. In truth, he was just as apprehensive, but when Unda became aggravated, waves typically started crashing around the vessel. As the God of Fire, Incendia naturally despised water. He'd prefer not to deal with it right now.

"We should end this game now." Terra leaned forward to study the image pool.

"Are you saying that you are willing to lose?" Incendia was determined to win. This was his opportunity. If their players were pitted directly against each other, they all knew that Terra's player would willingly concede. They wouldn't allow a game to end with that kind of self-sacrifice.

Terra's eyes shimmered with rage. She hated to lose but she knew there was no other choice. "And if I concede to this and you win? That doesn't solve our problem."

"After I win the game," Incendia eyed the small world sitting atop the pedestal, "we no longer have use for that world or anything in it."

And so it was agreed.

Chapter Twenty-Six - Evangeline

I didn't need to look at Julian's face to feel the despair radiating from him. Even with healing, even with compulsion, I knew that what had truly been driving him all this time was a shred of hope.

That hope was gone.

"We should have stolen one of those trucks," Mage murmured. "We could have detected the movement underground. I can't even tell where the station was."

Listening to Mage's words, I closed my eyes to block out the unsightly mess before me, trying to picture what Manhattan used to look like. But the innocent memories of months ago had been replaced with images of carnage I'd run through nights ago as I was whisked away into this fantasy, one that quickly morphed into a nightmare.

I wanted to experience that innocent awe again, just one more time.

If I inhaled deeply enough, I could still catch the more unpleasant odors-the exhaust fumes mixed with cold air and whiffs of sewage-coupled with the more pleasant scents-street car vendors, wafts of perfume flowing from hair salons as patrons pushed through the door.

If I squeezed my eyes tight enough, I could see the busy streets stretched out ahead of me, the bustle of people and cars at all hours of the day and night.

If I listened hard enough, I could hear the angry horns and splashes of slush against moving tires, and the pleasant chatter of friends moving along the sidewalk.

All the tiny details that were so easily dismissed and ignored in everyday life.

I didn't want to open my eyes. I wanted to absorb this feeling-a part of the past now, a time when Amelie was still alive and hope still existed. But I needed to focus on the future, as dismal as it may seem. And so I dared open my eyes.

I gasped.

"Do you see it?" I whispered as I took in the long stretch of street. To my right, a sign hung overhead, the streetlight illuminating it. "Fifty-Seventh Street," I read it aloud. Taking steps forward, I pointed to my left. "And Central Park is just over there." I couldn't see it past the stretch of tall buildings blocking my view.

All perfectly intact.

The city was no longer in ruins.

"What is she talking about?" Bishop said. "Sofie?"

"Is she hallucinating?" Fiona asked.

Maybe I was.

Their footsteps echoed as they trailed me. The streets were deserted of people and cars but they were clean, free of debris and victims. I moved as I would over smooth terrain, though I knew that it was not.

"Evangeline, what did you just do?" Sofie called out behind me.

I didn't stop to explain. I couldn't explain. "I just wished that I could see the city again. And now I can." Come to think of it, everything I'd discovered about what I could do was based on what I wanted to do.

Sofie muttered in French-if I had to guess, it was a curse-before she said to the others, "Follow her and see where this goes. And keep your senses peeled for him."

They followed me as I ran along the street, asking Sofie for directions as I came to intersections. The rest of the time, I pondered this strange magic that Sofie swore was not her kind of magic. When I'd wanted Julian-my friend and not the crazed maniac about to attack me-I compelled him and he came back. When I met Dixon, I felt the overwhelming urge to heal his leg and I'm pretty sure I did that. I knew that I'd helped that little boy in the car crash because I saw it with my own eyes. I demanded that Julian never look at a human with intent to harm again. And he hadn't.

When I took my friends' pain away after Amelie's loss, it wasn't because I was following a set of rules or weaving some elaborate spell, or begging the Fates to grant my prayers. I wanted to do it.

And it was done.

Could it be that simple?

And here, I wanted to see the city for what it was. Now I could.

Was that all it would take? A thought, a desire, a wish? If that was the case, what kind of magic was it? It seemed to have no bounds.

And if it had no bounds ...

I could have anything I wanted.

Would it be an endless parade of wishes, though?

When we passed the hauntingly beautiful Fifth Avenue building that had held so many secrets, I slowed. It was wonderful to see it standing again, the wrought iron grates along the lower windows and intricate plaster detail stirring nostalgia. For the horrors that had transpired within these walls, I'd also discovered a new life within it.

If I pushed through the doors, would I find the dreamlike atrium inside?

I moved again, picking up speed until running, everyone tailing me. I didn't slow again.

Not until the address that Viggo had taunted us with-firmly emblazoned in my head-appeared before my eyes. A sleek, all-glass building of no more than twenty floors stretched into the night sky. "This is it." Based on what Sofie had mapped out on the kitchen table, we were just one block over from the subway construction site.

"Are you sure? What if you're wrong?" The hollowness in Julian's voice told me that the real site-not the one through my eyes-held no promise.

With great reluctance, I willed myself to see reality. My eyes opened to a heap of rubble. My stomach clenched. The eerie silence only seemed to grow as I watched Julian step forward, climbing over brick and concrete and steel.

Ripping his mask off, Julian cast it aside. "Maybe you're wrong." He set his jaw in a way that I knew guaranteed only heartbreak.

I took a step forward, shifting hunks of concrete this way and that. A piece of metal pinged against a steel beam. Glancing down, dismay turned my stomach. Holding the metal plaque with the number of the building up in front of me, all I could offer my friend was the truth. "I'm sorry, Julian. I'm not wrong."

His eyes drifted from the plaque to my face to the plaque, and then to the pile of rubble beneath him. "She's somewhere in here, isn't she?" I don't think it was meant as a question. Reaching down, he began tossing chunks of concrete, each one sailing like children's building blocks. Several times we had to dive away to avoid their path.

Sofie casually turned to scope out the area around us. Though I couldn't see her face, I knew her eyes were narrowed. "Do you sense him?"

I could. Like a piece of food stuck in my tooth, I was ever aware of his presence. I also knew he hadn't kept up once we'd begun running. "He's about four miles back." I knew it as well as I knew my own name.

Perhaps because I wanted to know it.

"He could close that distance in under two minutes," Sofie said as she pulled off her mask, tossing it to the ground next to Mage's. "But I suppose it's far enough for now." Turning to face me, her eyes weighed me down like bricks on my shoulders, a mixture of apprehension and curiosity and awe swirling around her. Could she read me as readily as I could read her? Or was this another bonus ability?

"You are full of surprises lately, Evangeline."

You're telling me, Max grumbled in my head, the rumble of his voice igniting a spark of thrill. His silent treatment had been killing me!

"I didn't know that I could do that," I said.

Fiona and Bishop, their masks also cast away, climbed on the pile and helped Julian toss the wreckage away.

"I have to help them," Caden whispered. When I turned to look at him, a sheen coated his eyes. That bit of hope he'd been holding onto, that Amelie had somehow gotten away, that she was still alive ...

Gone.

"They will not find what he's looking for in this rubble," Mage murmured softly.

No, they wouldn't.

But what if the rubble were no longer there?

If this magic was delivered by a genie and this was my third wish, I knew in an instant what that wish would be.

Stooping to pick up a small hunk of concrete, I wondered if this was possible. I wondered if it was even sane to try. No matter what, I knew it was worth it.

Closing my eyes, I let my fingers rub against the hard matter. How would one reconstruct this building? Like building a Lego house. One block at a time. I'd seen building constructions before. The concrete blocks and support beams and the cranes. They were built in layers.

That burn deep within my core began to heat and rise as I pictured the mirage of this site from only minutes ago-standing tall and distinguished along the peaceful street, its walls stretching into the sky, the glass forming a delicate finishing touch.

The heat rose and filtered through my limbs, warming my entire body with an energy I couldn't describe. It was an intoxicating feeling that I was willing to let consume me as I stood there in the darkness of human despair.

Giving Julian and Caden back hope.

Gasps pulled my eyes open. I think I let one of my own out as I took in the looming structure before me. Everything, right down to the metal address plaque, was perfectly intact. To the left, nothing but destruction. To the right, nothing but destruction.

But in front of us, a gleaming building stood.

I'd never seen Mage slack-jawed. Not once. Until that moment.

Julian tested the glass door to find it unlocked and swinging open. With one last look back my way-his chocolate-brown eyes wide with shock-he bolted for the elevator.

"Holy shit, there's even electricity!" Bishop bellowed.

"We're going in." Caden grabbed my hand and tugged me forward.

Everyone was quick behind us, including Max, to pack into the elevator, wanting to see if this worked. If what I'd intended had happened. I wanted to see it with my own eyes.

The sign in the lobby said that the Greenpark Brokerage Firm was on the nineteenth floor. Bishop wrapped his arm against a fidgeting Fiona as the elevator ascended.

Even Lilly's eyes were filled with anticipation, though she'd never really gotten along with Amelie.

I think we all wanted to see what I could do, if not for different reasons.

The elevator dinged.

The doors opened.

And I knew.

I could bring back the dead.

Chapter Twenty-Seven - Sofie

No one could bring back the dead.

No one but the Fates.

"By the gods," Mage hissed beside me as Amelie's springy blond curls came in to view. Not far behind her was the lone chair, still sitting in front of the window.

The exact stage that Viggo had set for filming.

The silvery cord lay on the ground like a torn party streamer, a broken chair leg beside it. At least Julian was smart enough not to grab the merth with his bare hands.

Evangeline had turned back time, reconstructing the entire building as we stood by and watched. At first I didn't believe it. I thought it was some illusionary trick.

One second we were dodging chunks of concrete as Julian searched in vain. The next, a gentle breeze caressed my cheek and raised the hairs on my neck. I knew that it didn't belong. I feared it was Viggo swooping in for a quick kill. But glancing around, I quickly dismissed this thought-he was nowhere to be seen. The breeze picked up, catching the attention of Julian and the others. With wary expressions, they stepped off the rubble.

But Evangeline ... she didn't move. She simply stood with her arms out, eyes closed, and a secretive, satisfied smile curling her lips. She didn't move from that position when Caden called her, touched her, squeezed her arm.

She didn't move when the air grew suddenly thick and then the windstorm blew in, concentrating its force above the building site until it resembled a contained tornado, gray with dirt and ash, roaring with ferocity. We stood by and watched as the wind plucked pieces of rubble from the ground, sucking them into the funnel.

And then, suddenly, the windstorm evaporated. Left behind was this pristine building.

"What just happened?" Lilly asked cautiously, her blue eyes bright as saucers as the three of us hung back.

"A miracle," Mage whispered. We watched Amelie pry herself from Julian's arms to throw herself first at her brother, and then at each of her friends, including Max, ending with Evangeline, the bewildered look never leaving Amelie's face.

"Should we be worried? I mean, you can't even do that, can you, Sofie?" Lilly asked.

"No, I certainly cannot." I couldn't ignore the worry pricking at my conscience. I now knew what kind of magic coursed through Evangeline. I'd seen it once before.

When I had demanded to face the Fates.

The spark of smoldering flames when she healed the girl, the wind outside to reconstruct this building-I'd bet she was also capable of drawing on water and earth, as necessary.

An invincible, limitless elemental power that adhered to no rules, who could decimate the fledglings, obliterate the witches and the Sentinel, stop Viggo, all with only a thought.

The question remained, though.

Why would the Fates give her their powers?

This made absolutely no sense!

"What do you remember?" Julian asked of Amelie, hugging her close. I imagined he'd be clinging on to her for the foreseeable future.

"I don't know! I ..." Amelie's hands pushed through her hair as she searched the floor, as if for answers. Not until now had I realized how much I'd missed her raspy voice. "I remember the subway train and chasing the fledglings." Her pretty face pinched. "Viggo and Jonah were there. Jonah threw the merth around my arm and carried me to this building. Viggo came and then left me. And then I saw ..." Her brow spiked as she turned to look out the window. "I saw the missile. I saw it heading right for me and there was nothing I could do. And ... it hit. Didn't it. Didn't it hit? It had to have hit. Look at it out there!" She paused. "But now I'm here? What are you all wearing?"

Amelie turned and faced Julian, their lips locking, earning the small group's laughter. She pulled away, her hands slapping both his cheeks as she wrapped her legs around his waist. "How are you not back in that mine with your bin of blood like the freaking troll that I left, huh?"

He dipped his head toward Evangeline. "Her. She compelled me."

Amelie's mouth dropped as she turned to regard her friend. "What? How?"

Evangeline shrugged, but she was smiling. She hadn't stopped smiling since opening her eyes in front of the building, an ethereal glow radiating from her.

A pause and then Amelie's hands waved with their typical dramatic flair. "Okay, seriously. What happened?"

"We don't have time for this chatter," Mage mumbled under her breath, loud enough for me to hear.

Truly, we didn't. But I couldn't bring myself to interrupt this miraculous reunion just yet. "You rose from the dead," Caden murmured, gazing down on Evangeline's face with a look of adoration.

"I rose from the dead?" Amelie parroted. "Dead? Like Fiona dead?" Amelie turned to me. "Sofie? You brought me back to life?"

A sharp pang stabbed at my heart as I shook my head, knowing what everyone was thinking. No, Sofie was the one who killed you. "Evangeline brought you back."

Spinning back to point her index finger in Evangeline's face, Amelie said, "I knew there was something weird about you. Someone's gonna have to explain it all to me. But if you don't mind, I'd rather get out of this building."

"No problemo," Bishop said, throwing one arm around Fiona and weaseling another around Amelie. He pulled her to him with a wink in Julian's direction.

"You have ten seconds with her," Julian warned, his eyes never leaving his girlfriend's back.

The six of them, plus Max, strolled casually toward us, masks of peace sitting firmly on their faces.

As if we weren't sitting amidst complete ruin.

As if we didn't have huge challenges ahead of us.

Perhaps we no longer did, with Evangeline's ability.

Her eyes settled on mine and I smiled. She smiled back, a warm, joyful smile that I hadn't seen since the few moments after she'd woken up.

It disappeared just as quickly.

Chapter Twenty-Eight - Evangeline

I felt Viggo slip into the building-an extension of me-like a cold, dark invader. I shivered and instinctively pulled Caden close, ready to throw my body forward in protection as the relentless threat to my happiness lingered downstairs.

Until it hit me.

I'd just reassembled a twenty-story building and brought one of my best friends back to life.

Because I wanted to.

And if there were no limits to what I could do-as seemed to be the case-then what was stopping me from protecting Caden?

Nothing.

I smiled. For the first time since discovering the monster that Viggo truly was, I wasn't terrified of facing him. I was eager.

That strange, intoxicating feeling had not left. In fact, I was quite certain it had strengthened.

"Where is he now?" Sofie asked, pale eyes watching me.

"Ground floor."

"What should we do?" Caden's body had stiffened. My smile only widened. He hadn't figured it out yet. By the panicked looks on all of their faces, none of them had figured it out yet.

If I wanted Viggo dead right now, would he simply just keel over? Would it be that easy? Did I want it to be that easy? No, he deserved much worse than a quick death.

He deserved to suffer as he'd made so many others suffer.

But what was a suitable punishment?

Sofie spun on her heels. "Get your suits off. They're useless now. We need to deal with Viggo and that tunnel so we can get out of here." In two seconds, she had her hazmat suit off. "Let's take the stairs. It keeps us all together."

We glided down the stairs noiselessly, all of us having cast away the suits to ensure stealth. When we reached the main floor, Lilly's hand reached for the handle. I seized it before she could push through. I held up a hand to move everyone back, giving a single head shake.

Sofie mouthed, "Where is he?"

I gestured to the right, to where I could sense him waiting. Not an ounce of fear flowed through his limbs. How could he be so confident? He certainly had no idea what I could do, but his absence of fear of Sofie or Mage concerned me. It made me think he had a wicked plan. I wanted to know what it was.

You're not going out there alone, Max grumbled. Don't even try it.

I know I'm not. Just give me a minute to think, I answered calmly. If I wanted to keep them all here, I had the distinct impression that I could. But if I walked out there alone, Viggo might wait to make a move. I didn't want that. I wanted him to believe he'd won. I wanted to bait him, to draw him out from the shadows, and then trap him as he deserved to be trapped, stripped of his confidence and power.

Closing my eyes, I imagined stepping into the lobby. I hadn't noticed much on the way in, too focused on what might be on the nineteenth floor. But now the ivory marble floor stretched ahead of me, spanning the length of the building, illuminated by low-level city lights. The wall of glass rose three stories on my left, providing a clear view of the wasteland beyond. To my right was a solid mahogany wall with the security desks and information signs.

And Viggo hid tucked into an alcove out of view of the door we stood behind. Waiting.

A thrill jumped in my chest. Was this safe? Could he sense me? I took slow, even steps toward him until I was standing mere inches away, cringing at his handsome face. Homicidal excitement and anticipation danced within his cold blue eyes.

But he couldn't see me-that much was obvious. He had no clue I was standing there, invading his space.

I wanted to invade his thoughts too.

And so I did.

I delved into his mind, demanding to see what he had planned.

He would kill Mage and Sofie first before turning a gun on Caden. That was his plan. Simple. He believed he had the element of surprise. He was so pleased with himself for his patience and craftiness. His hands enjoyed the weight of the Sentinel guns.

Thankfully, there seemed to be a single train of thought. I wasn't sure I could handle what else was in there, and I had no interest in scavenging through the mind of a psychopath.

As it was, I felt ill.

Viggo was picturing me watch Caden die. My face crumbling, my heart shattering, dropping to my knees beside his limp body.

And the mental image brought exhilaration to his black soul.

My jaw tightened with the knowledge of his sadistic plans. Did I bait him? Did I lead everyone through that door, knowing what he was planning? As much as I believed in my newfound powers, a quiet voice of reason called out, warning me that perhaps I shouldn't be so bold. Could I guarantee the outcome? What if I had only one bring-back-to-life card and I'd used in on Amelie?

That would be cruel and, from what I'd experienced already, exactly how the Fates liked to play.

No, I couldn't risk it.

But I certainly wouldn't fight fair.

A smile of satisfaction bloomed on my face as Viggo's expression morphed from vengeful to confused to aware to angry to panicked. His eyes darted to the door, to his way out. But there was no way out because Viggo could not move. Because I did not want him to.

Finally ... I saw the fear that I longed for. Fear that he had instilled in all of us at one point or another.

I was ready. Opening my eyes, I found myself staring at the back of the white metal door again, the one that would lead us to victory. Everyone's gazes were on me, waiting, wondering, Sofie's the most curious. I gave Caden's hand a sharp squeeze before closing my other hand over the door handle to the lobby.

Sofie sucked in a breath. I know she was desperate to control the situation, to charge out ahead of me. I assured her with a smile. "It's okay. He's not going anywhere."

Caden and I had barely stepped out when the rush of bodies flew past, everyone instantly in defensive mode against the vampire who'd made their lives hell for far too long.

I held Caden's hand tight, our fingers knit together, as we strolled toward the semicircle of people surrounding the alcove. I kept my steps leisurely, an excited nervousness vibrating through me.

With a deep breath, I forced my way in between Max and Julian, both radiating hatred for the villain who stood frozen, guns still in his hands. His eyes flickered across faces that wore varying degrees of loathing.

"Like a fly caught in a web," Sofie murmured, matching Mage's smile. "What's wrong, has someone caught your tongue?"

As much as I never wanted to hear his voice again, I released his jaw. Words and arrogance poured out of his mouth. "You must know that the witches are watching for your magic. You've just led them here with your spell. I'm guessing that combined, they are much more powerful than you." His focus was on Sofie. Of course. He thought she'd spelled him.

How long did we want to maintain the ruse? Would he be less or more frightened knowing who really controlled him now?

Sofie's smile only widened, heightening the fury he struggled to conceal but that I could easily sense.

His lips stretched into a vindictive grin as I caught an image of Veronique flashing in his mind. Still bound by merth and lying on a concrete floor, her surroundings dark but quiet, the air tinged with death. "You'll never find your sister without me. I can promise you that."

"A cemetery," I said out loud, tipping my head as he revealed his secrets to me. "An old cemetery in Montreal, Canada." Panic flittered across his face as I picked through his subconscious. "A crypt." Viggo's eyes panned wide as he clued in.

"Evangeline?" I turned to find Sofie's gaze on me, asking me the unspoken question that I understood perfectly.

I smiled, sure that I could do better than find her.

I was only as limited as my imagination and my needs or wants.

Viggo's gasp cut through the silence of the lobby as Veronique's small frame suddenly appeared on the ground by my feet, curled in a ball, her wrists bound behind her back. "That's not real. She's an illusion," he quickly dismissed, but the composed facade was suffering its first irreparable cracks. When Sofie dove forward to tear the merth off with a wince, freeing her sister from her bindings, the facade dissolved entirely. Viggo no longer had any leverage, any reason to be left alive.

Veronique sprang to her feet, her round green eyes taking in all of our faces, the lobby, the vaulted ceiling, the view outside. When they settled on Viggo pinned against the wall, rage ignited in them. With a shriek, she flew at him, nails out, raking across his cheek over and over again. We stood like statues as Sofie's younger sister mutilated the face of the man she'd once considered spending eternity with.

When Mage finally pulled Veronique away, four deep gouges across his cheek still remained, beginning just below his left eye and running down to his jawline. A hint of blood made its appearance but it wouldn't have a chance to flow before the wounds healed.

I didn't want him to heal, I decided, letting my bitterness fester with my creativity.

"Jeez," Bishop cringed as rivulets of blood rolled down and dropped from Viggo's flesh. "I bet you forgot what that feels like."

Viggo said nothing, his baffled attention shifting among Sofie, Veronique, and me. Speechless for the first time ever, likely.

With her moment of wild aggression expelled, Veronique refocused her energy. "Where is Mortimer?" Her French lilt cracked with desperation.

That was a good question.

Her hands flew to her mouth. "Is he okay? Is he-"

Like a ghost coming to life, the tall, dark-haired figure suddenly appeared in front of her, his chocolate-brown eyes blinking several times to take in his new surroundings.

I smiled.

It had been so easy. It took barely a thought.

There really was nothing I couldn't do.

Chapter Twenty-Nine - Sofie

I knew my mouth hung open but I didn't attempt to pull it shut.

Mortimer took only seconds to adapt to his new surroundings before pulling Veronique into his chest, his broad frame swallowing her tiny body.

Evangeline stood watching everything unfold with a contented smile. After having her fate controlled by puppet masters for far too long, she had now taken the reins. All of our lives seemed to rest in her hands.

Irony did not adequately describe this turn of events.

"Evangeline?" Golden eyes flashed to me. "Can we deal with him and get out of here?"

Only at my words did Mortimer look up to see the still form pinned against the wall, the open gashes in his face dripping crimson. I imagined they'd never stop unless Evangeline willed it.

"You!" Mortimer roared, lunging for his archenemy. Arguably, Mortimer had suffered the most at Viggo's hand, having tolerated him for a hundred and twenty years while waiting for Veronique. Perhaps it was only fair that Mortimer would be the one to finally kill him.

"No!" Evangeline called out and Mortimer instantly halted. By the shock on his face, it was not by his choice. "I want him to suffer. Like he has made all of us suffer."

Mortimer whipped around to glare at her. "Are you nuts? If you leave him alive, no one will ever be safe."

"He's right, Evangeline." What the hell had gotten into her? Why would she want to protect him? Viggo deserved to die. "There isn't a corner of this world that Caden will be safe in. Tell her, Caden!"

"Let Mortimer do it," Caden whispered, sliding his hand over her back in a soothing manner. "Or me. Or Amelie. Or anyone else here, if you don't want to."

She seemed to be pondering our words.

"Uh, guys? What's that over there?" Fiona said, turning our attention toward the window, to a distant light in the sky. A second one appeared, rising quickly.

"Lilly? Status report?"

Lilly fumbled for the earbud that now dangled off her ear. With a few rushed words to Isaac, she was able to confirm. "Helicopters are incoming. The soldiers reported the lights on the building."

"I suppose a perfectly intact and powered building in the middle of a citywide apocalypse would attract attention," Mage said wryly. "This place will be crawling with military and witches in no time."

The witches would have no clue how this happened or what it meant. There wasn't a trace of sorceress magic touching it. That would either scare them enough to back away, or enough to attack full-force.

As much as I enjoyed watching Viggo ensnared, we needed to deal with him and move on. Quickly. "Evangeline. We need to end this. Now."

"She's not a cold-blooded killer like you, Sofie," Viggo murmured with a smile that didn't reach his arctic blue eyes. Call his renewed composure a last-ditch effort. "She still has a conscience. If it would help you at all, Evangeline, why don't you release me? I'll put up a fair fight."

Evangeline merely stood staring at him. My ears caught the faint sound of helicopter blades. Would they dare try to land?

"Evangeline! We need to end this!" Caden urged, desperation in his voice. No one wanted Viggo alive.

Evangeline closed her eyes. Her hands raised, the ground began to rumble. Everyone's focus shifted beyond the windows to see the dust kicking up, until nothing could be seen but dirt and darkness. We were cocooned within the building but whatever Evangeline was doing outside was awesome in power and size.

And no doubt, noticeable.

As quickly as the turmoil began, it stopped.

"There. Now they won't know which building to search," Evangeline said as we all, except for Mortimer and Viggo, dashed to the windows to take in the view, our jaws gaping open.

Evangeline had rebuilt Manhattan.

Or at least what I could see of it.

Stepping forward until she was mere inches away from Viggo, Evangeline stopped to peer up at him. "I know what you wanted to do to Caden. I saw it." Her face tightened with pain. "Now, what was that you asked me to do? Release you and you'll put up a fair fight?"

The vein above Viggo's eye twitched, a sign that he was suddenly very apprehensive. I was sure he had finally figured out he was not getting out of here alive.

I couldn't help it. I laughed, a deep bellow that echoed through the cavernous lobby.

Hateful eyes darted to me. "You don't think you'll be next, you vile witch?" he spat. "And you," he glared at Mortimer. "And you," he threw at Mage. "She is an abomination! Do you think she won't turn on you eventually? Look at her, already changing."

"Goodbye, Viggo." Evangeline stepped away as she spoke, her words flat. She must've freed Mortimer's legs because he suddenly shifted, testing his mobility. When he realized he had it, he looked up at Viggo. A smile stretched across Mortimer's dark handsome face, one that made Viggo close his eyes.

Mortimer lunged.

And plowed into the wall where Viggo had just been restrained.

"No!" Mortimer screamed, rage flashing as he turned to Evangeline. "What have you done?"

All she offered us was a secretive smile and, "I promise you, he can't reach any of us ever again."

I suspected there'd be more questions and shouting matches but they'd have to happen later.

"Fledglings!" Lilly shouted, pointing out the window to dozens of figures darting past. They eyed us but, surely sensing our lack of heartbeat, continued on in a hurry. "How did they get out?"

"Evangeline rebuilt the city." They would no longer be buried within the tunnels and beneath buildings.

"Well, crap," Amelie muttered, her shoulders slumping. "Here we go again."

"What's the plan? Hunting?" Bishop cocked the gun he'd slung over his shoulder, a grin on his face.

"No. No more risk to any of us. No more of this." Evangeline stepped forward, her gaze trailing the figures, watching until every last one dropped to the ground.

Dead.

"For the love of ..." Mortimer wrapped his arms around Veronique in protection. "Someone please tell me what is going on."

Evangeline turned to face us and I gasped.

Her eyes, still golden, with the same twinkle that had won my heart when I saw her take her first steps through a patch of wild daisies, now held the slightest iridescent shimmer. "I can undo it all," she rushed with excitement. "I can give us back everything they've ever taken, Sofie!"

I wanted to ask her what she meant. I wanted to ask her how she knew. I wanted to know if she'd forgiven me, if she would let me be a part of her life.

I wanted to say so many things, but I lost my chance. I was suddenly falling into eternal darkness, my name on her lips the last thing I heard.

I knew this place.

I'd been summoned here once before.

Chapter Thirty - Evangeline

The sound of gushing water was my first clue that I'd been yanked out of Manhattan. Again.

"Dammit, Sofie!" I cracked my eyelids to find a tall canopy of jungle trees hanging overhead. Heat from the sticky air crawled over my neck. Unfamiliar birds called out from somewhere unseen. A welcome or a warning, I couldn't tell. How the hell had she transported me? Why?

I sat up and found myself on a riverbank overlooking dark water, mottled with green algae on the surface. I instantly knew where I was.

"These were happy times, were they not?" a familiar ethereal voice called out behind me, the sound almost like chords of an instrument, the way they carried together.

I was on my feet and turning in an instant.

Four sets of beautiful kaleidoscopic irises sparkled as the godlike creatures watched me from around a large, bowl-shaped pool, their white gossamer gowns flowing as if touched by a breeze. Their features resembled a human's, though there was something entirely distinctive. I couldn't deny them their unique beauty.

The Fates. I'd met them once before.

When I spotted the figure standing off to the side, her mint-green eyes shifting warily between us, I felt my face flitter with shock.

They'd brought Sofie, as well.

What was going on?

As surprised as I was at this unexpected summoning, I couldn't help but scan our surroundings once again, nostalgia seizing my emotions. It was the very spot Caden and the others had taken me, the day we left the caves for the first time. The day Caden picked a bunch of daisies from atop the mountain and I laid them down on the riverbank. My eyes darted to the very spot. A pile of fresh, white flowers lay there.

This was obviously an illusion.

"Yes, it is. We thought it might help you as you have to make your choice," one of the two male Fates said as he stepped forward. It was the one who had granted my wish for immortality, his gold-spun hair flowing around his shoulders as if weightless.

Can you still read my mind?

Yes, came the answer, followed out loud by, "Hello, my child. My name is Incendia. I'm glad you remember me." His greeting sounded like a lullaby. But knowing who I was facing, I didn't feel at all soothed. I certainly didn't trust them.

"You can trust us," Incendia tsked, picking through my silent thoughts.

The hairs along the back of my neck stood. Much like Viggo must have felt when I rooted around in his head. Though, I didn't have any sinister plans.

"You have changed since we last saw you."

"Why did you give me these powers?" I blurted out.

Incendia's paper-thin eyebrow arched. "Do you not like them? Would you like them taken from you?"

"No, they're great," I answered truthfully. "I just don't understand why."

His lips twisted with displeasure before smoothing out. "Let us discuss more important things with you."

"Okay ..." If I'd learned anything, it was that the Fates were conniving creatures and I should be suspic-

All four sets of eyes narrowed, telling me they were reading my thoughts and not at all amused. "Why am I here?" I asked aloud.

Incendia smiled, but the mirth never touched his eyes. "Because she brought you." His long fingers stretched to point at Sofie.

"You liars! I did not help you bring her here!" Sofie's sudden shriek sent a flock of birds rushing from the trees.

A clucking sound filled the air. "Do you not stop lying to the poor girl, ever?" Another Fate-this one female-stepped down from the platform, earning Sofie's scathing glare. "The last time you were here, you asked for two requests, and you agreed to a catch."

Sofie growled. "Are you telling me Evangeline was the catch, Terra?"

If Sofie's demeanor bothered them, they didn't let on. "To be honest, we didn't know what the catch was when we made the deal. If you haven't noticed, we like to make open-ended decisions. Thankfully for us, it worked out rather well," the one Sofie called Terra explained.

A chorus of spine-chilling laughs made me shudder.

"What do you want from me?" I said, feeling like a mouse about to be batted around by cats.

"It isn't what we want from you so much as what you will want from us," the second male said, hopping onto one of the narrow walls that divided the marbles into various sections. He moved with the grace of a tightrope walker, stopping at a pedestal in the center to pick up the lone marble set on top. With a grin and a bow, he spun around and headed back the way he'd come. "Do you want the chance to go back to your world-" He held up the marble and the blue and green swirls caught my attention. My eyes widened. My world. He held Earth in his fingertips? Dropping my gaze to examine the giant bowl, the thousands of tiny colorful marbles divided into sections, I finally comprehended what I was looking at. Worlds! All of them were worlds!

As if waiting for my internal thoughts to slow and my shock to even out, the Fate continued, "And live out eternity however you want, with your friends ... your beloved ..." With a wave of his hand, a thin layer of water formed and shimmered over the giant bowl. Suddenly, faces appeared within. Julian and Amelie, Veronique and Mortimer, Bishop and Fiona ... Max ... Caden. Everyone we'd left back in the office building in Manhattan. "They're all very worried about you."

The image shifted again to show the sky full of helicopters, descending upon the miracle city, the bridges flooded with tanks and Humvees rolling in to investigate. "It doesn't look like a very safe place, does it?" Incendia said with a pinched face. "And I doubt they'll be willing to leave anytime soon, waiting for you." A pause. "You can see them again. Right now, if you want. Rescue them from possible danger. Rid that boy of his agonizing heartache." As if to emphasize his point, a close-up of Caden's face appeared again, showcasing the hollowness of his jade eyes.

"What do I have to do?" The words rushed out of my mouth without thought. I would do anything for them. Anything.

"Choose them." Incendia glided around the bowl toward me, his feet never touching the jungle floor. I had to tip my head back to look at his face, looming high over me.

"That's all?" That seemed easy. Too easy.

Choose.

A choice.

A difference between this or that.

"Choose them over what?" I asked, stealing a glance at Sofie, hoping she understood what was going on.

Sofie's expression twitched for only a second and then, with a nod of comprehension, a sad smile curved her lips. "Let's make this easy, Terra."

"No!" Incendia barked. "My player will be victorious through fair means."

"You call this fair?" Sofie yelled but her words were quickly lost to me, Incendia's statement stealing my attention.

"Your player?" My brow tightened. "I'm your player? What does that mean?" Again, I looked at Sofie for answers.

She smoothed her scowl, closing her eyes. She was trying to calm herself. "When I told you that this was all a game to the Fates, I meant it quite literally. They each choose an unsuspecting pawn as their player. There were two more but I don't know who they were. They are dead. Now the Fates have pitted us against each other." A long exhale escaped her lips. "I'm offering to end this game for them."

It finally clicked.

We were both players, against each other.

They wanted me to choose everyone else over Sofie.

They wanted Sofie to die.

"I won't do it!" I yelled.

"You will." Incendia stuck his hand out and the other male Fate placed the marble-Earth-in it. Letting it roll around his palm momentarily, he finally held it between his forefinger and thumb. When he spoke again, the pleasant tenor was gone. "Or I will crush this world and every soul within it and you will have nothing."

An ultimatum. That's what they were giving me. It's Sofie or the entire world. Ironic, really. Hadn't Sofie faced this same situation-either Amelie or the world? She'd had to make a choice, and she did.

But how could I make this choice? This was Sofie!

"It's okay." Sofie's voice cracked. "I will gladly sacrifice myself for your happiness." Her smile dropped as she turned her attention back to the wall of faces, waiting for me to condemn her to die. "But first, I have to wonder what the rush is? Why does this game need to end now?"

"Because we decided that it must be so," Terra threw back. "Do not question us, mortal!"

Sofie's eyes narrowed. "Do not trust them, Evangeline. They will lie to get-"

Sofie's words were cut off with shrill screams as flames erupted around her, swallowing her entire body.

Burning her alive where she stood.

I didn't think. I simply reacted. "No!" I shrieked, shattering the watery surface over the bowl of worlds.

The flames extinguished instantly and Sofie, unharmed, again stood in the conjured setting of the jungle.

The Fates exchanged a panicked look before settling eyes on me again.

A look of understanding filled Sofie's face. Her words came out in a rush. "They didn't give you these powers. Fight them, Evangeline! You can-"

She vanished before I could hear her last words.

"What have you done with her?" I screamed, turning to the four faces that no longer held any beauty or serenity.

"She is where she belongs," Terra spat, her features curled into a hideous sneer as she pointed toward the pool. The layer of water I'd shattered reappeared and displayed a fresh scene of Manhattan, one where Sofie stood surrounded by Caden and the others. Caden's eyes burned with hatred as he shouted at Sofie. As he threw her against a wall. As Mage jumped in to stop Caden, only to have Sofie attacked by Amelie and Fiona, all asking the same thing. "What did you do to her?"

That spine-chilling laughter once again filled my ears. "Not exactly what we planned but it will still work. One of them will surely kill her and then you will be victorious. You have avoided making the difficult decision. We both win," Incendia smiled. I was about to snap at him, to tell him that watching my loved ones kill each other over a game was not winning, when Incendia brushed his willowy hand across my back.

And voices suddenly filled my thoughts.

How long will this take? A female asked.

Not long, I expect. Look at their rage, a male answered.

We must send her back immediately after. This is dangerous, another female demanded.

She will go back immediately. And then I will crush her world and she can be no more harm to us.

I gasped. The Fates could communicate telepathically with each other and somehow, with that one touch, I was now eavesdropping on them!

I knew their plan. Sofie was right; they had lied. They had no intention of letting me live my life in peace.

Their faces contorted with panic. They had figured out that I could hear their private conversation. But, how was that possible?

Sofie's words hit me.

Because I shared their same power.

And they didn't give it to me. I was somehow harmful to them.

"We should not have brought her here!" Terra screamed. The ground shook as she lifted her hands. A wall of thick, black soil suddenly formed behind her, bursting from the ground with force that would swallow anything in its path.

Each Fate quickly followed suit, forming walls of scorching fire and turbulent wind and a whirlpool of water, expanding until their borders joined, the deafening sound rattling my entire body, crippling my ability to think. A united front, they glided closer, deliberately, as if capturing a dangerous threat.

Even against the earsplitting noise, Sofie's last words demanded my attention and I fought to latch on to them. I could fight them, she had said.

But how?

My chest constricted but then released as their walls closed in, as I began to feel the heat of fire on my back and the suffocation of soil over my head. They were going to consume me with their power. I was going to die here. I would not get to live out the peace I so desperately wanted, or say goodbye to my friends. I would die, and Sofie would die. And for what? A game?

I closed my eyes as that intoxicating feeling still lingering within me began to bubble, thriving off the fear that the Fates had created in this vacuum of power, driven by an even more commanding need: revenge. I'd suffered at the hands of Viggo and Rachel, of the Sentinel and the witches, even at the hands of Sofie. But none of them were the real threat.

The Fates had always been the true threat.

I didn't want to fight them. I wanted to choose my own fate.

I wanted them gone.

The noise suddenly vanished.

I inhaled deeply before I dared open my eyes ...

I was surrounded by a white nothingness. The large bowl stood before me, thousands of tiny worlds quietly waiting.

The jungle was gone.

As were the Fates.

A moment of alarm hit me until I zeroed in on the pedestal to see the marble sitting atop it again. With merely a thought, I stood before it, marveling at its size, wondering how it was possible that something so small could contain everything that I could ever want within it.

I was just about to touch it when something fluttered behind me.

I turned to find hundreds of butterflies appear out of the nothingness, their iridescent wings glimmering through rays of sunshine, though where the sun was, I could not see.

Iridescent like the Fates' eyes. Was this a trick? False hope?

I watched with suspicion as one landed atop the pedestal, unfolding its wings to stand tall.

I gasped.

"Hello, Evangeline," the miniature woman greeted.

Glancing around, I saw that each butterfly had a tiny, human-like body hiding within the expanse of her wings. Faeries?

"You may call us that," she said. A musical giggle carried and multiplied as each mimicked the sound, until a beautiful, calming melody filled my ears.

"What are you doing?" I asked as I watched them dive into the bowl, plucking worlds and flying away, disappearing into nothingness.

"We are removing the worlds that the previous wardens let die. Do not despair. As new warden, you will have fresh worlds." Gesturing above, I looked to see more faeries appear, colorful marbles within their grasp.

I didn't understand her words. "Warden?"

Another giggle. "Yes, you are the new warden of this realm, which is under my dominion. I have deemed it to be so. You will protect and serve as my last wardens failed to do." Her pretty face pinched. "With the almost limitless authorities granted and long periods of time, wardens sometimes lose sight of their true roles. They behave badly. That is why I gave you all four elemental powers to destroy them. A rather fitting end to their game, would you agree?" She leapt up in the air and twirled before landing again. "Their time had come. As single warden, there will be no need for power struggles or games in the future, correct?"

"Uh ..." I faltered.

"Do not worry. You will grow accustomed to your new role. You will do well in it."

Her confidence in me did not transfer. "I don't know the first thing about ... this ... any of this. This is a mistake." A role like this was more suited to Sofie.

Sofie!

Caden!

I immediately dropped to scan the surface of the bowl. How did I make that screen appear? Were they okay? Would I see them again?

"So many questions," the faery laughed, obviously able to read my mind. As if choreographed, the faeries lifted off in unison, the one speaking joining them.

They were leaving.

"Wait!" I cried out. "But ... I'm alone!" I frantically searched the white nothingness around me.

She drifted back down again, this time landing directly on top of Earth, a sympathetic smile filling her entire face. "You will never be alone if you do not want to be." Her bare toe rolled over the smooth surface beneath her. "This is your origin. While you are limited to influencing the other worlds within your supervision, here ...," With a flutter of her wings, she lifted off to hover above the pedestal. "Anything you want is yours. It is our gift to you for your future service. May you thrive."

She vanished into the hazy white nothingness.

"Anything I want is mine," I repeated, reaching out to touch the smooth sphere.

It held everything I wanted.

Epilogue

"Dude! I never realized how much I missed this place." Bishop slid down into the hot water, wrapping one arm around Fiona and another one around Amelie. A swift knuckle to his bicep from Julian and Bishop pulled his arm away from the pretty blond.

"I can see why you guys liked hanging out in here." Julian's eyes roved over the cavernous oasis with admiration.

I slipped into the water next to Caden, feeling his jade eyes inch over my scantily clad body, sending a thrill through me. "Does it look exactly like the real one?"

"With a few embellishments, of course," I said, gesturing to the hundred-foot-high cliff. Amelie had insisted that the original wasn't tall enough for her swan dives into the water below.

"I keep asking Evie to add gators to up the excitement but she refuses. I don't know why." Bishop leaned his head back to relax.

Because she'll be fishing your heart out of their stomachs at least once a day for being the idiot who tries to turn them into pets, Max's gravelly voice retorted as he meandered past, his brothers in tow.

Chuckles erupted around the spring.

"We all really don't need to have Max in our heads, Evie. You can switch that up anytime."

"If I have to suffer, then you all do too. It's only fair." Resting my head against Caden's strong, sculpted chest, I sighed softly. I'd gladly stay like this for the day.

The little faery hadn't been kidding when she said I could have anything I wanted. I had everything I wanted at my fingertips. I may not have any clue what being a "warden" meant, but I figured out how to get what I needed very quickly.

In seconds, the empty white nothingness held everyone I loved. And they hadn't left me since.

"Evangeline, I'd like to go see Veronique," a soothing French voice said.

Caden's arm tightened around my waist as if to hold me in place, but after a light pinch against his ribs and a quick kiss on his cheek, I squirmed away. I hopped out of the hot springs and walked over to the vessel. It didn't matter what world I conjured-the Oasis, the ocean, a beach, the Siberian mountains-my responsibility in the form of a giant bowl of worlds was always there.

It would take some getting used to.

"You know I still have no clue what I'm doing, right?" I waved my hand to pull the image pool across. An image appeared of Veronique kneeling in front of a garden at the French countryside home she and Mortimer shared, planting spring bulbs.

"You seem to be figuring things out quite well." Sofie smiled, reaching out to clasp hands with the tall, dark-haired man next to her. "Ready to go see your brother-in-law?"

Nathan rolled his eyes and I laughed. I found most of his facial expressions amusing because he was so different from his doppelganger, Wraith. Those idiot Fates and their sick imaginations. If they'd had a circle of friends as I did, would they have abused their powers in such a manner?

"Maybe you can convince them to join us next time," I suggested.

It was Sofie's turn to roll her eyes. "You know Mortimer. He'll come for a visit but he prefers the real world. And now that everything is under control, they're enjoying themselves. They were even going to visit Manhattan. He wanted to show Veronique the atrium, seeing as it was built for her." Sofie paused, her smile sliding only slightly. "I'll talk to Mage and see what she thinks about the situation there."

Though the city stood as pristinely as before, the bombing itself had not yet been erased. I wasn't sure how it could be done without ramifications to the human world. Would I fix one issue only to have it snowball into another? It seemed I would be learning what a warden of magic did through trial and error, for I hadn't seen so much as a butterfly wing since being "appointed" to my new role.

As it was now, the miraculous rebuild of Manhattan had the entire world on pause. Some believed it to be the work of angels, while others-those who had not witnessed it firsthand-convinced themselves that it was a disgusting political hoax. Regardless, citizens united in recovery efforts and a time of peace-though temporary-held more trouble at bay. The Sentinel had gone underground with Galen tagging along to keep tabs. Mage monitored the sorceresses closely. Regardless, they wouldn't be granted any "causal enchantments" anytime soon because I hadn't the first clue how to receive them. Right now, the only requests that ever reached my ears were Sofie's. I supposed that granting the Witches Order requests wouldn't be a problem. It would simply be a matter of what I wanted to grant.

And all the other worlds in my realm? The thousands of tiny globes waiting for my attention? They'd definitely be waiting a while.

Still, Mage's concerns were valid. Peace was only ever temporary. And when the flipside reared its ugly head again, would I interfere? Would the faeries deem that a misuse of my power? With no limitations set out for me, what would earn my expulsion?

"How is Mage? Will she come with you?" I asked.

Sofie smiled as Nathan pulled her to his chest. She hadn't stopped smiling since I'd brought him back to her. "Maybe once she finds that special someone, I can convince her. We'll see."

"Okay, well ... say hello to everyone. Let me know when you want to come back."

Placing a kiss on my forehead, Sofie beamed. "I will." Her eyes searched the pool. "I assume you will all behave while we're gone?"

My flat look made her chuckle.

"And where will we be living next?" Nathan asked in his deep Parisian accent, his eyes roaming the cave.

Given I could change our entire surroundings with the twitch of a finger, everyone was getting their choice of location. "Well, it's Julian's pick, so..."

"Rivendell!" Julian hollered.

Nathan's blank look-he'd only recently learned what a television was-cracked me up.

"Well, I hope it will be brighter. This cave dwelling is a bit tiresome," Nathan said with a teasing smile.

"Aren't you leaving?" Bishop yelled. The Oasis had been his pick.

"Okay, see you when you're ready." With just a thought from me, I watched Veronique's excitement in the image pool as they appeared before her crouched form.

Now that I was up, I decided to check in on someone. The pool shimmered and shifted to Ratheus. I shuddered as Viggo's cold blue eyes appeared, that vicious twinkle extinguished, replaced by a void. When I'd first shown the others what I had decided to do with Viggo-relegate him to a world without humans, a world he almost created with his own selfishness-they applauded me for my ingenuity. Looking at him now, though, his face marred with four gruesome gouges, sitting in a decrepit house with a hole-riddled ceiling and rainfall soaking through his tattered clothes, the only creature for miles, I felt only pity.

Though he undoubtedly deserved it, the human side of me-a side I hoped I would never lose-wondered if he felt a shred of remorse.

"He hasn't moved in weeks." Lilly called, reappearing after an afternoon of wandering around the jungle.

I couldn't help but stare at her new, more womanly physical form, clad in a fitted tank top and tiny shorts. She had asked me to age her. She wanted to experience life from an adult perspective, to share her existence. I could tell by the way she watched Caden and me that she desperately wanted to understand what having that felt like.

How could I not oblige and give her the chance to feel the excitement, the thrill, the love that overwhelmed me every time I looked at Caden?

A round of whistles from the guys and the sound of skin being slapped immediately after had both of us chuckling.

Lilly shook her head. "Are they ever going to stop doing that?"

"When you get a boyfriend to beat the crap out of them, yeah."

She tucked a strand of her jet-black hair behind her ear as she smiled, those giant blue eyes still as beautiful. "I may head back there for a while." She nodded toward the pedestal where Earth sat.

"You getting bored of us already?" I teased. "Because Max would love a game of chess, you know."

A growl sounded from the corner. We laughed.

"No ..." Leaning over the bowl, Lilly gently picked up a world, holding it in the air. Placing it down, she picked up another one, inspecting it the same. Her eyes roamed over the divided quadrants. "You know, this could make one very interesting game board. You'd just have to make up the rules."

The End

