Chapter One

~Rachel~

I loved him. I hated him. I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to strangle him. I was a walking, talking contradiction. There were days I was so torn by my conflicting emotions that I thought I would be ripped in half. Staring at my best friend and secret object of my undying love, I wondered if I would ever get off this crazy train of emotions swirling around inside me. I didn't like feeling this way. But the truth was I couldn't remember a time I didn't feel this aching need to completely immerse myself in all things Daniel Lowe.

And he had no idea. That was the tragedy of it all. Here I was, miserably in love with him and he had no flipping clue. But Maggie knew. She saw right through my carefully constructed facade to the beating heart inside my broken chest.

"He's an idiot. Ignore him," Maggie told me softly as I watched Danny, yet again, go after Kylie Good, his annoying girlfriend who was currently mad at him about something. I detested that anyone could see how much Daniel's ignorance bothered me. But it was Maggie and if anyone could be trusted with these traitorous emotions, it was her.

"I know. Ignoring in progress." I gave Maggie my best, could-care-less smile and tried to force down the rest of my lunch. Maggie was looking at me with that sympathetic way of hers that was both appreciated and one hundred percent annoying. Not that I would ever tell her that.

"So, have you talked anymore to Clay?" I asked her, hoping to move the conversation effectively away from my non-existent love life. I watched as Maggie started to blush. Wow, Maggie May Young was bright red. And over a boy too! I never thought I'd see that happening.

"No. I haven't seen him around," she replied but I could see by her face that it wasn't for lack of trying. Mags was hopelessly crushing on Clayton Reed, the new boy at Jackson. He was in my creative writing class and I personally thought he was a little strange. But he was hot, so I tried to reserve judgment.

Maggie started telling me about some movie she wanted to go see, but I wasn't paying attention. My eyes were fixed on Danny; his arm slung over Kylie's shoulders, as he leaned down and kissed her gently on the lips. I guess they had made up. They always made up. And I was always left with feeling as though my heart were being ripped out of my chest so he could do a tap dance on it.

My eyes started to burn and I squeezed them shut so I wouldn't cry. I had known Daniel my entire life. He and Maggie had been my best friends since infancy. Most of my memories included them in one shape or form.

I think I was five when I first realized I sort of loved him. A boy in our kindergarten class had just pushed me down and taken my jump rope. I remember sitting in the mud on the playground crying while Maggie held my hand and cried along with me.

Daniel, who at the time hadn't hit any sort of growth spurt and was mercilessly teased for his "girly" crop of unruly blond curls, had dropped the football he was playing with and took off after the boy and my jump rope. He had knocked the kid down and punched him. The teacher had run over and pulled Daniel off the other boy. Our entire class racing over to see what had happened.

Daniel's face had been grubby and his shirt torn from the scuffle, but he wore a big smile on his face. And as the teacher led him off to the principal's office, he had held the jump rope out for me to take.

Daniel Lowe. My savior. My perfect guy. The boy who would never love me the way that I loved him.

Kylie Good would never be good enough for him. No girl in the world ever would be. Maggie complained that I held Daniel up on some sort of pedestal. I really didn't. I just chose to focus on the beautiful and caring boy underneath the image he had carefully constructed over the years.

The boy who had fought to get my jump rope back. Even if I saw that boy less and less now that we were older. I refused to forget about him. And every once in a while, I still saw him there, beneath everything.

"I heard that Carl Feldman was thinking of asking you out. That's the rumor anyway," Maggie was saying as I continued to stare at Danny and Kylie, who were still spending way too much time exploring each other's mouths.

I blinked, coming back to the conversation. "Carl Feldman?" I asked, wondering if I had heard her correctly. "Seriously? Carl I wear my pants too tight Feldman? Why do you think I would care about that particular piece of information?" I asked her, balling my trash up into a pile on the table.

Maggie flicked her straw paper in my direction. "Come on. Carl is kinda cute. And if he likes you, I say go for it!" She made a funny harrumph sound and picked up her lunch tray. I looked at her suspiciously. Since when did she voice any sort of preference when it came to my love life? That wasn't Maggie at all. She could give a crap about anything resembling dating and relationships. I often worried that life was going to slip her by without her even knowing it.

So her suggestion put me immediately on edge. I tossed my trash in the garbage can and followed her into the hallway. "Okay, why the sudden interest in who I date? Spill!" I told her, as we reached her locker.

Maggie groaned as she pulled her books out. "Why do I have to have some sort of ulterior motive? Is it wrong to want to see my bestie happy?" Okay, now I was really concerned. She never used the term "bestie." She hated it and threatened to gouge my eyes out if I ever spoke it in her presence. I glared at her, putting steel into my eyes. Too bad I couldn't look threatening if I tried. Instead of being intimidated, Maggie laughed.

"Ohh. Scary,"she teased.

I rolled my eyes. "Okay, it's just that I heard Daniel say he was asking Kylie out this weekend." She finally said. Ahh. Well, it all made sense. Daniel and I were supposed to go to Charlottesville to see the new Jason Statham (mmm yummy) movie at the IMAX theater. We had been planning it for a month. And now it seemed as though once again I was going to be ditched in favor of getting a piece.

"Oh," was all I could wrangle out, my throat suddenly feeling too tight and my cheeks burning hot. I should be used to this by now. It wasn't unusual for Danny to ditch us. I just wish it would stop hurting so much.

Maggie's eyes were sympathetic but for once, I was glad she wasn't a consoling hug type of person. Because I think I might have punched her. I straightened my back, hefting my book bag up onto my shoulder and shook my hair out.

"Well, that's fine. But that doesn't mean I'm asking Carl out. What's the point of dating someone when you can already see clear as day what their packing under their shorts? And let me say, from what I can tell, it's not impressive," I deadpanned. Maggie chuckled.

"Good point. Maybe I can get out of my dad's work thing. I could go see the movie with you," Maggie suggested. I linked my arm with hers as we walked down the hall.

"Yeah, maybe. But are you sure you wouldn't rather be hanging out with librarians on your Saturday? I mean that sounds like a barrel of fun," I teased as we made our way to our biology class. I watched as Maggie's eyes zeroed in on a dark-haired boy at the end of the hallway. Her entire body froze up and she had stopped listening to me.

At that same moment, I saw Daniel walking toward us, an obnoxious smile on his face. Both Maggie and I were stuck in some sort of lovesick paralysis. I was the first to snap out of it. I pulled on Maggie's arm and she startled, as though she forgot I was there. Hmm. I had never seen her so fixated on someone before. I wasn't entirely sure what to think about that.

"Come on. Before I'm forced to talk to him," I told her, motioning discreetly toward Daniel, who had been stopped by his friend, Jake Fitzpatrick before he could make it over to us. Maggie clicked her tongue in disapproval.

"You can't hide from him. He's one of your best friends. You really should talk to him before things get even more awkward than they already are," she advised. I grit my teeth. That was easier said than done. I was not a confrontational person, choosing instead to let things lie until I exploded.

But I think I was almost at implosion point. "Yeah. Okay," I said, hurrying her down the hallway, her head still craning over her shoulder, looking for that dark head again as I staunchly refused to allow my eyes to wander to the person they so desperately craved. The pair of us were a mess.

Chapter Two

~ Daniel~

"Rachel! Maggie!" I called out, following them as they left the school at the end of the day. I had been trying to find them all afternoon. Rachel and I had plans to go see a movie tomorrow. It was the new action movie I had been wanting to see and she had offered to come with me. But now, Kylie wanted to go out. I was torn. I was always f**king torn. I hated to disappoint Rachel. It was the worst feeling in the world. But Kylie was so damn demanding sometimes.

So why do I put up with it? Why do I keep going back for more? Well, it's hard to break it off when you're led around so easily by your dick. Kylie was hot and she knew it. When we had first started dating last year, I was really into her. I thought she was really nice and sweet and she seemed to make an effort to get along with my friends.

Then we started having sex. I had been a virgin. So once I got a taste of that, it was like a drug. And Kylie knew it. Then she changed. She became a controlling, possessive witch. And there were days when I wanted absolutely nothing to do with her. Then there were the days that I couldn't stay away.

I knew Maggie and Rachel got sick of my relationship drama. And I didn't blame them. I was sick of it. The guys on the soccer team gave me a good amount of shit about it. But I was stuck in an endless cycle of being stepped on and in turn stepping on everyone else. I needed to grow a pair but it seemed a long time coming.

And here I was about to stomp all over my best friend's feelings because I couldn't man up and say no to the girl I was sleeping with. I gave guys a bad name. And that made me a world-class ass**le. I liked to play the oblivious idiot, but that didn't mean I was one. I guess it was easier to pretend you had no idea when you were hurting someone, then to address it head on.

"Rachel!" I yelled again. I knew she heard me. I could tell by the way her shoulders tensed up. Wow. She was mad at me again. I could tell. I let out a breath as they slowed down so I could catch up with them. I couldn't help but check out Rachel as I got closer.

She really was pretty. Long brown hair and pretty dark eyes. She was short but she worked it anyway. Today she was wearing a tight fitting black skirt that stopped mid-thigh. My eyes flitted down her body and I realized that at some point, I had stopped seeing her as just my best friend, but as a girl. And a damn fine girl at that. But I sent that thought deep into the recesses of my head. No sense in dwelling on it.

Maggie looked amused when I finally reached them. I loved Maggie. She was the closest thing I had to a sister. She never put up with any of my bull and I totally respected her for that.

"Yo, Danny boy," Maggie said as I fell into step beside them.

"Hey girls. Where are you off to in such a hurry?" I asked, looking down at Rachel, who had not as yet acknowledged my presence. I couldn't help but frown. She was pissed about something. It felt like she was always mad at me anymore. And I hated it. Nothing sucked more than those gorgeous brown eyes looking at you as though you were crud on the bottom of her shoe.

"We were just heading to my house to hang out for a bit. You wanna come?" Maggie asked me and I didn't miss the glare Rachel shot her way. Okay, clearly I was not wanted.

But because I was feeling a bit antagonistic and because maybe I couldn't miss an opportunity to drive Rachel crazy I gave them both my biggest shit-eating grin. "Sure, I'd love to come," I announced as if it were the best idea I had ever heard.

Yep, that was Rachel groaning under her breath. So, I slung my arm around her shoulders and gave her a squeeze. "Will you paint my nails, Rach? My cuticles are a mess," I taunted, brushing her hair off her shoulder. And maybe my fingers lingered a bit over the curls that I somehow never noticed were really soft. And was that a new shampoo she was using? I tried to surreptitiously sniff Rachel's hair. I always loved the way she smelled.

Okay, enough of that train of thought.

Rachel smiled a bit and I figured she was on her way to forgiving me. Because even though she was so easily mad at me, she usually got over it just as quickly. That was the beauty of our dynamic. She found my charm irresistible and I wasn't afraid to use it when necessary.

She held up my hand, her petite fingers curling around mine as she inspected my nails. Huh. I liked the way she held my hand. Were those little shocks of electricity where our skin touched? Nah. I was imagining things.

"Yeah, a manicure is definitely needed. You really need to stop chewing on your nails. It's disgusting." Rachel dropped my hand and I off-handedly noted that it made me a little sad to lose the contact. I dropped my arm from her shoulder and examined my fingers.

"They're not that bad," I complained. Rachel only laughed and I was relieved that we had drifted into our normal banter.

I watched as Maggie pulled up short, her eyes following some dude in a green army jacket. It was that new kid, Clay Reed. Maggie had jumped to his defense last week after Paul Delawder tried to use him as a new punching bag. They had apparently talked a few times and now she was fixated on him in a way that was completely out of character for her.

It was really annoying. Mostly because Maggie wasn't the type of girl to go on and on about some guy she liked. I didn't like the minute changes I was seeing in her. Or maybe I just never saw this side of her before. Whatever it was, it was just plain weird.

Plus this guy, Clay, seemed like a f**king nut. What person comes to a new school and refuses to talk to anyone? I understood people could be shy. But he kind of freaked me out. He had this intense, angry vibe that bugged me. But obviously, Maggie didn't get the same vibe from him that I did, because whenever she saw him, this is what happened.

I put my hand in the center of her back and gave her a push. She stumbled forward and glared at me over her shoulder. "Watch it," she growled. I waved her forward.

"Well if you wouldn't take up the whole sidewalk while you drooled over the new guy, I wouldn't have to," I pointed out. She gave me the middle finger but kept on walking. Though I noticed her glancing his way a few more times until he finally got into his car and pulled out of the parking lot.

When we finally reached our respective vehicles, we stopped. "So, you coming?" Maggie asked, throwing her bag into the ugliest car I had ever seen.

"Is this piece of crap still running? Wait...is that duct tape holding the side mirror on? You've got to be kidding me!" I teased, smirking at her.

Maggie muttered something under her breath that definitely sounded like f**king ass face. I never missed an opportunity to mess with her about the junk heap she drove. Probably because she had been ridiculously stubborn when she bought it. I had told her it was a pile of garbage and wouldn't last six months. Her dad had encouraged her to shop around. But she had refused, saying she knew a good deal when she saw it. And what had happened?

Oh yeah, it had fallen apart.

And I was never one to pass up on an "I told you so" moment.

I flicked the mirror with my finger and laughed as it wobbled. I can't believe she actually drove around in that thing. Rachel nudged me with her elbow and shot me a look that said, shut the hell up. I rolled my eyes. Rachel was the natural mediator in our group. Even if lately, it was she and I that could use the mediating.

"If you're going to be a dick, you can move along, Danny," Maggie growled, crossing her arms over her chest. I pulled on her rigid arm until she relaxed.

"I'll keep my dickishness to a minimum. Promise." I held my hands up in mock surrender. The girls each gave me an exasperated sigh but it was followed by smiles. I loved these chicks. They kept me in line. And I didn't know what I'd do without them. There were many times when I felt like they were the only things keeping me together.

Particularly after my parents had gotten a divorce two years ago and my mom started shacking up with her boss. That had been a brutal period in my life. Rachel and Maggie had made sure I was okay in the way only they could. It was a nice feeling to know you were loved like that.

"Okay, we'll see you at Maggie's in five," Rachel said, moving around to her car. I watched her walk away, a cute grin on her face. Shit. How was I going to disappoint her? Then as if on cue, my phone beeped in my pocket.

I pulled it out and saw it was a text from Kylie.

My parents are gone until tonight. Wanna come over ;-)

My groin tightened in anticipation. I looked up at my friends. Rachel was talking to Maggie and she looked all smiley and happy. I was already planning to blow her off tomorrow. I couldn't go uber ass**le and do it two days in a row. So even though my dick would complain about it later, I declined the invite, telling Kylie I'd call her in the morning.

And what does she text back? Fine. Logan wanted to come over anyway. I could practically feel the bitchiness from here.

I grit my teeth. Logan Helsley was Kylie's fallback guy. The guy she used to make me jealous. Kylie was seriously immature when she didn't get her way. I recognized the manipulation for what it was. And for once, I wasn't having it. So I ignored the text and stuffed my phone in my pocket. If she wanted to play that game, she could have at it. I was going to purposefully sideline myself from the game.

Getting into my truck, I watched Rachel climb into her Volkswagen Bug. The skirt hiked up her thigh and I couldn't stop myself from watching the way her leg muscle flexed as she swung inside the car. She tossed her hair over her shoulder and I was finding it strangely hard to breathe.

Rubbing my hands over my face, I tried to stop the buzzing in my head. Pulling out of the car lot and following my friends, I wondered what the hell I was doing with Kylie at all.

Chapter Three

~Rachel~

Daniel was trying to steal MandMs from the bowl I was holding and I was making a show of holding them away from him. He growled and lunged for them again as I slowly dropped a few in my mouth. "You are a serious tease, Rachel Bradfield." He sighed, choosing to steal one of Maggie's chips instead.

I rolled my eyes and gave him a handful of chocolate, which he took with a big smile on his face. I always gave into Daniel Lowe. He knew it. I knew it. One day it would be my undoing.

Maggie was downloading a bunch of new music onto her computer, while I was painting my toenails. Daniel was lying on Maggie's bed, flipping through a magazine. It was the perfect Friday afternoon. There was nowhere in the world I'd rather be than with the two people in this room. If I could freeze time in this exact moment, I would. Because sooner or later, things would change. Daniel would go back to being the pretentious, self-serving butt that he'd become as of late and Maggie would start obsessing over the new kid again. And I would be good ol' Rachel. The girl no one looked at twice but everyone felt they could walk over. It was my role in life. Whether I wanted it to be or not.

I could taste the momentum shift in our tiny group. And I hated it. But for now, it was like it always had been. The three of us, comfortable together.

"So, Rach," Daniel said suddenly, sitting up on the bed. Maggie looked up at him from the computer screen, her brows knitted together. I didn't like the expression on either of their faces. So I knew I was about to be blown off.

I arched my eyebrow in Danny's direction, but otherwise didn't say anything. Daniel cleared his throat and I could tell he was struggling with something he needed to say. So much for the lack of discomfort. I watched our easy good time float right out the window.

"About the movie tomorrow. Can we rain check?" he asked, not meeting my eyes. Normally, I would let him off the hook without a second thought. Of course, he could rain check. I had never been able to say no to him. It was like a disease where my mouth and mind were unable to formulate any thoughts but those that would make his life easier.

But what about me and my feelings? Lately, I had started to feel bitter and annoyed that that didn't seem to matter. So instead of me shrugging it off, I looked at Daniel, my eyes burning holes through the top of his head.

"Oh really? Why is that?" I asked coldly, even though I already knew why. I wanted him to say it, damn him.

Daniel's eyes flicked to mine then away again. I felt the guilt rolling off him and I knew he hated to upset me. That realization softened me a bit but then I thought about who he was letting me down for and then I got mad.

"Uh, well, Kylie and I were thinking of going to see that new wedding movie. You know, the one with that dude from Twilight," Daniel muttered. I barked out a disingenuous laugh. Really? He was letting Kylie drag him to a rom-com with a guy from the Twilight movies? That seemed like a fate worse than death for him. But then, he deserved it for being such a wimp.

Daniel frowned. "What? It sounds kind of good," he said defensively and I started laughing even harder. Maggie was looking at me as though I had gone certifiably crazy. I tried to calm myself down, snorting through my nose.

"You're seriously ditching me and Jason Statham for a chick flick with one of the douches from the Twilight movies? Wow, I hope you have fun, Danny," I told him, aware that my voice had become frosty. Even though I knew the blow off was coming, it still hurt. When would it stop hurting?

Daniel swung his legs around and stood up. "I'm not ditching you, Rach. I mean, if you want to come, you're more than welcome to," he offered and I wanted to smack him in the face. Now see, this is where I wish I had Maggie's sarcastic comebacks. I wanted to tell him to shove his insincere invitation straight up his perfect ass. I wanted to tell him I'd rather walk over hot coals then go to a movie theater and watch him make out with his annoying girlfriend all night.

But my mind went blank. It always did at the worst times. So I just gave him a sad sort of grimace. "Uh, I'll pass," I replied, screwing the cap back onto the nail polish.

I heard Maggie's exaggerated snort in the corner. "Seriously, Danny? You're inviting Rachel along for a front row seat to Kylie's tongue in your mouth? Are you a complete idiot?" she asked and I wanted to hug her. When I couldn't find the right sort of quip, she had them for me. That is why I loved her.

Daniel's shoulders were tense as he shoved his feet into his sneakers. "Shit, Mags. It wouldn't be like that. I just feel bad..." His words tapered off and my stomach clenched.

He felt bad.

He was feeling guilty but that didn't stop him from choosing her over me each and every time. When would I stop being second choice? Would I ever be number one to the person I cared most about in the world?

I was sick of feeling like an afterthought. My dad hadn't thought twice about me when he chose to leave my mom and me when I was five. My sister, Kaitlyn's dad had done the same. My mom spent more time working herself to death than being with her family. And Daniel was forever making everything and anyone more important than me.

Wow, if that wasn't a depressing little stream of thought, I didn't know what was.

Maggie got up and smacked Danny on the back of the head. "Hey, Mr. Jerk. Cut it out. She doesn't need your pity invite. Go have fun with Kylie. Rachel and I will be doing our own thing. So no need to feel guilty," Maggie said roughly and Daniel's shoulders dropped. Maggie had a way of cutting to the chase in a way that left you feeling either horrible or strangely relieved. She had very little time for verbal games, so she chose not to play them.

Daniel ran a hand over his head and lifted his face to look at me. "Rach. It wasn't a pity invite. I would really like you to come," he said and his eyes were kind of sad. Whatever. He played the sad card too much and I wasn't in the mood.

I waved my hand. "Really. You do your thing. We'll just see you on Monday," I said dismissively, wanting him to leave. Daniel read my thoughts clearly and knew that he was no longer wanted. Once upon a time, the three of us were inseparable. Now, it was as though we could barely be in the same room. My feelings for this boy were becoming almost unmanageable. They were messing with my heart, my head, and my life.

I needed to figure something out before it wrecked everything.

Daniel looked from Maggie to me and then grabbed his phone from the desk. "Okay then. Well, give me a call this weekend. Maybe we can grab lunch on Sunday," he said hopefully. Maggie patted him on the arm.

"Sure, I'll give you a holla," she reassured him. I knew he hated weirdness between the three of us. And it wasn't fair that Maggie was being pulled into the middle of whatever was brewing between Daniel and me.

They hugged and then Daniel turned to me. Normally he would hug me...but now it just didn't feel right. I lifted my hand in a half sort of wave. "See ya," I said nonchalantly. The skin between Daniel's eyebrows furrowed but he made no move toward me.

He nodded in my direction and didn't say anything. "Later, Mags," he said and left her bedroom.

My entire body sagged. Maggie flopped down on her bed. "Okay, Rachel. This is getting ridiculous," she remarked but I didn't respond. We never really addressed my feelings for Daniel. She was aware of them but it wasn't a normal conversation between the two of us. It was there, nothing else to say about it.

But now, even she couldn't deny how strained things were becoming. But I didn't want to talk about it, so I just shrugged my shoulders. "It's fine. It's always fine. Nothing will change," I said. Though for once, I didn't believe my words.

Chapter Four

~Rachel~

"Rachel, I need you to watch Kat tonight. I'm picking up an extra shift at the hospital. Rent's due at the end of the month and we're a little short," my mom said, poking her head around the door to my bedroom.

I bit down on the groan that threatened to swim up from my throat. Instead, I gave my mother a pained smile. "Sure thing," I replied with a nod. My mom smiled back, also a little painfully. I knew she felt bad for saddling me with parent duty so much. But we didn't really have any other options.

"Thanks, sweetheart." She sounded so tired and I noticed there were a few more wrinkles around her mouth and eyes than had been there before. My mom wasn't old. She was only eighteen when she had me. But being stuck playing single mom to two kids before you're forty will suck your will to live like no other.

"How's school going?" she asked me. She still hadn't walked into the room. I knew she had to leave for work, but was trying to do the good mom bit by acting interested in my life. But I knew, as well as she did, that she was too tired and too busy to put much effort into it. So the pretending was seriously unnecessary.

"Fine," I answered shortly, giving her another fake smile. My mom looked relieved that a more in depth conversation wasn't required.

"Just throw a pizza in the oven. Don't forget, Kaitlyn's bedtime is..."

"9:30. Yeah, I know," I said. Her having to tell me was ludicrous. I knew Kaitlyn's bedtime better than she did, considering I was the one tucking her in most nights and had been since the child was six years old.

"Okay then. See you tomorrow," my mom said hurriedly, blowing me a kiss. I could hear her talking to Kaitlyn in the living room over the noise of the television. I gathered my homework and went out to join my sister.

Kaitlyn barely acknowledged me when I sat on the couch. She was engrossed in iCarly or Victorious, or whatever tween show she was watching. I pulled my World History book onto my lap and tried to focus on reading the chapter we had for homework. I was sure we'd have a pop quiz tomorrow and I wanted to make sure I aced it. Grades were important to me. I didn't let anything get in the way of me and my 4.0 GPA.

My phone buzzed on the couch beside me. Looking down I saw a picture of Danny sticking his tongue out and his eyes crossed flash on the screen. I couldn't stop my goofy smile. I had taken that particular picture two months ago at lunch. And I loved it. It was the Daniel that I missed most when he was being that other Daniel that I didn't like so much.

Let's see which Daniel I'd be talking to this evening. Ignoring the phone call wasn't even an option for me. Of course I'd answer it. I always answer it.

"Hey," I said, making a motion with my hand at my sister to turn the volume down on the TV. She rolled her eyes at me but did as I asked. Barely. I still had a hard time hearing Daniel on the other end.

"Hey, Rach. How's it goin'?" Daniel asked, his smooth, deep voice like liquid honey in my ears. He was using his charming sex voice. He wanted something.

"What do you need, Danny?" I asked in annoyance. Why couldn't he just call me to talk? Why did it always feel as though having a normal conversation together was impossible anymore?

Daniel's chuckle seemed forced. "Why do you think I need something? Can't I just call to hear your voice?" he said smoothly and I couldn't help the way my insides bunched up. If only he really meant that.

I sighed. "Because I know you...and I know you need something. So just spit it out already," I said in exasperation. Irritated with myself for being so swayed by him. Even more irritated with him for swaying me.

"Okay, you got me. Do you have our Chem notes? We have that huge test tomorrow and I think I left my binder in my locker." I leaned over to rifle through my book bag, pulling my Chemistry folder out. I had already been studying for our test for over a week. I knew the material inside and out. Of course, Daniel had procrastinated.

"Yeah, I have it. Do you need help studying?" I found myself offering.

"Would you really help me? Rachel, baby, you are the best! I'll be there in fifteen. I'll even bring some Krispy Kreme crullers you love so much," Daniel said happily. I sighed. He had called me baby. And he was bringing me crullers. If I didn't have the overwhelming urge to throttle him, I'd be tempted to jump his bones as soon as he showed up.

Who was I kidding, even though I wanted to throttle him I still wanted to molest him. Very, very badly.

"Get the chocolate glazed ones," I told him and he laughed.

"Of course. As if I'd come with anything else. Be there in a bit," Daniel said and then hung up. I was left holding my phone, feeling like an idiot. I had my own work to do. So why was I planning to spend my evening helping Daniel with his? Oh that's right, because where he was concerned, my backbone ceased to exist.

I heaved myself off the couch and looked over at my sister. "You hungry?" I asked her. She gave me a nod, not taking her eyes from the TV. What sort of childhood was that? Stuck in front of the television or playing video games? I hated that our mom never had time to spend with her. I didn't begrudge my mother the fact that she worked so hard to keep us housed and clothed. I knew she was exhausted and fed up with the way things were. I helped out where I could, having found myself a job at the movie store in downtown Davidson so I could afford clothes and stuff for school.

But there was that part of me that was resentful all the same. It wasn't my fault that my mom had made poor decisions when it came to the men she let in her life. But here we were, years later and I was taking care of her responsibilities. I loved Kaitlyn...but I wasn't her mother. And the fact that I was so often given the unofficial role, was frustrating.

For the first five years of my life, I remember an active and involved parent. Mom made cookies, attended parent/teacher conferences, signed me up for little league soccer. Before my dad took off, we were somewhat of a normal and functional family.

Then dad had left and Mom met Kaitlyn's father, Samuel. Samuel was not a nice guy. I never liked him. Even in the early days when he tried to butter me up with treats and presents. There was always something off about him. And as it turned out, I was right. He was an abusive prick. Though he never laid a hand on me, I remember him yelling at Mom a lot. Their fights were loud and violent, often resulting in broken dishware and holes in the walls. I knew he had hit my mom. She tried to cover the bruises, but they were there all the same. It had gotten worse after Kaitlyn was born and the jerk finally left two years ago. Six years too late, if you ask me.

But Mom hadn't taken it well. Because then she was stuck with all the responsibility of being both parents. And unfortunately, Kaitlyn got the shaft. I tried to do as much as I could, but it could never replace what she was missing. And Kaitlyn never wasted an opportunity to remind me that I had no real authority over her, especially when I was trying to enforce some sort of rule.

Kaitlyn was eight going on eighteen. She wore clothing way too old for her and fought with Mom about letting her wear make-up. I didn't relate to her on any level. She and I were so completely different; it was amazing that we shared a gene pool.

I couldn't remember being so obsessed with clothes and boys when I was eight flipping years old. I was pretty girlie now, I could admit that. I liked being cute and pretty and I loved to shop. But that hadn't kicked in until I was at least twelve. I felt like Kaitlyn had been that way since the womb. She came into the world demanding skinny jeans and tight shirts. It was just weird.

I went into the kitchen and threw two pizzas into the oven. If Daniel was coming over, I definitely had to be prepared. That boy could eat me out of house and home. I straightened up the living room while I waited for the pizzas to cook.

"Daniel's on his way over to study. After dinner, you need to get ready for bed and do your homework," I told my sister. She perked up at the mention of Daniel. She had had a crush on him for years now. Okay, so maybe I could see that we were related. Our mutual love and awe of Daniel Lowe clearly showed a propensity for heartbreak and ill-placed devotion in our blood.

"Okay. Can I help you get dinner together?" Kaitlyn offered, to my surprise. But I realized it was due to her excitement over our impending company. Well, whatever the reason, I wouldn't look a gift horse in the mouth.

"Sure, go get the plates and napkins together. We'll just eat at the coffee table," I told her, stacking up magazines and putting them on the bookshelf. Our house was old, built in the late 1800s and it felt it. There was a constant draft and no matter how much you cleaned it, it always felt dusty. The one bathroom we had, smelled of must and mildew. I wished we could move, but the rent was cheap.

There was a knock at the door a short while later and Kaitlyn bounded over to answer it. Daniel stood there, a huge grin on his face, holding out a white and green paper bag. "Hey Kaity! How's my favorite girl?" he asked as my sister hugged him tightly around the middle. She was positively beaming.

Daniel maneuvered himself inside, as Kaitlyn continued to hug him. I thought I'd need a crow bar to pry her off. He handed me the bag of donuts after finally getting Kaitlyn to relinquish her grip. "For you, my lady," he said and I couldn't help but smile. He was so darn charming.

"Why thank you, kind sir. I have pizza if you're hungry," I said, tugging on Kaitlyn's arm so she would follow me and stop trying to hang off my friend.

"Hell yeah!" Daniel whooped, rushing past me into the kitchen. I laughed. By the time I caught up with him, he already had his face stuffed with pizza. Kaitlyn giggled and took a piece for herself.

"Does your mom not feed you?" I joked, scooping up a pile of goopy cheese and dough. The sauce had run over the side and it dripped on the counter as I angled it toward my mouth. Daniel made a noise as he chewed. He went to the cabinet and pulled out a glass, filling it with water. He was as comfortable here as in his own house. More so probably. He didn't like being at home, as was confirmed by his next statement.

"Mom and Stephen are at some charity event. I doubt I was even on her radar," he said with a forced lightness. I gave him a sympathetic smile. Daniel had not taken his parents' divorce very well. I'm sure the fact that his mother had been caught in the act of screwing her boss by his dad, had something to do with it.

Now Daniel and his mother were living with the boss, or Stephen, in his big house on the other side of town. Daniel hated Stephen. And I thought he had come to sort of hate his mother as well. Not that I blamed him. Sure, my mom was negligent, but it was because she was trying to provide us with a life. Daniel's mom was negligent because she just didn't give a crap. She was entirely wrapped up in her life with her sugar daddy. And poor Danny was pushed out into the proverbial cold.

His dad had moved out of state, but Daniel still went to see him in the summer. Thinking about my mom and Daniel's mom, it was crazy to think how close they had been at one time with Maggie's mother. Maggie's mom was the most amazing parent I knew. She was warm, supportive and loving. Everything that Daniel and I lacked in our own maternal relationships.

Our three mothers were best friends in high school. They had been in each other's weddings and planned one another's baby showers. That's how the three of us became so close. We were thrown into this life all together. Having been born within four months of each other.

But as with a lot of things, over time, their friendship slipped into their past. My mom rarely spoke to Mrs. Young anymore and I knew she could no longer stand Ms. Lowe. But here we were, seventeen years later. Their friendship had fizzled out but ours was still going strong. For the most part.

We finished our pizza and herded Kaitlyn into her room to change into her pajamas and to start on her homework. She grumped the whole time. But Daniel was magic with her. And she finally did what she was supposed to do.

"I think I need to have you over here every night. She's never that agreeable," I commented after we had settled onto the couch. Daniel grabbed my Chemistry notes and slid closer to me, so we could look at them together.

Daniel quirked a smile. "Anytime, Rach. I can be your manny whenever you want," he said, his eyes sparkling at me.

Our knees brushed one another and I could smell his aftershave and a scent that was one hundred percent Danny. I had known that smell my entire life. I often wished I could bottle it up so I could smell it whenever I wanted to. Did that make me a crazy stalker? God, I hoped not.

I flipped through sheets of paper in my binder. "Just read over those and then we can quiz each other," I suggested, feeling a little breathless at how close he was. My heart had kicked into overdrive and I my hands were clammy.

I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I needed to compose myself. I was afraid my feelings for Daniel were written all over my too expressive face. I couldn't hide anything from him. Never had been able to. He had just been too oblivious to see what was right in front of his face. Or maybe he hadn't wanted to see the depth of my feelings for him. So I tried to blank my face. Tried to quell my nerves that had suddenly gone crazy in my stomach.

When I opened my eyes, Daniel was looking at me strangely. As though he were seeing something he had never noticed before. It was the kind of look that made me question a lot of things. I tucked a strand of hair behind my ear and dropped my head bashfully. "What?" I asked, feeling a sudden change in the air between us. A crackling sort of charge that hadn't been there before.

"You look really pretty tonight, Rach," Daniel said softly. I blinked in surprise and glanced up at him. His deep blue eyes were blazing at me and I watched in fascinated disbelief as he inched toward me.

"Uh, thanks," I gulped as his leg pressed along the length of mine. The whole time, his eyes never left my face. My heart was beating so fast I thought I'd pass out.

Daniel slowly reached up and ran his fingers through the messy waves at the side of my face. Crap. Was this really happening? My tongue darted out and wet my bottom lip. Danny's eyes dropped to my mouth to follow the motion of my tongue. His eyes seemed to smolder a bit and I had the crazy thought that he was about to kiss me.

That was seriously nuts. Why would he kiss me? He was with Kylie Good. Miss Perfect Blow Job herself.

But here we were, sitting so close together, we could be breathing each other's air and we were just staring at each other. I could see that Daniel's breathing had gone a little shallow and his hand still moved through my hair in a lazy fashion, as though he did it all the time.

The moment went on forever and I thought I would lose it if something didn't happen soon.

"RACHEL!" Kaitlyn yelled from her bedroom. Well something happened all right. Kaitlyn's bellow snapped both of us out of whatever was going on between us. Daniel jumped back as though he was on fire and I hopped to my feet.

"I guess I should see what she needs," I said lamely, hurrying down the hallway. Away from the thing that almost was.

Chapter Five

~Daniel~

Idiot!

What the hell had just happened? I watched Rachel as she scurried down the hall to her sister's room. My hand lay in my lap. The same hand I had just run through Rachel's hair. It was like a compulsion, I hadn't been able to stop. I sat there and glared at it for the treasonous thing that it was. My fingers clenched and I took a deep breath.

Something had just gone down between Rachel and me and I wasn't sure I wanted to think too long about it. Because she hadn't been Rachel-my-best-friend-since-birth-Bradfield. No. She had been someone else entirely.

I had wanted to kiss her.

Hell, I had wanted to do more than kiss her if I was being truthful with myself.

What was that about?

My mind was whirling a thousand miles a minute and I was having a difficult time settling down other parts of my body. Certain areas below my belt had been called into action just by looking at my best friend. When the f**k had that started happening?

I needed to get out of here. I needed to breathe and I needed to think. My nose was full of the smell of Rachel's shampoo and it was not helping with getting my raging hormones under control.

What was wrong with me?

I barely noticed Rachel come back into the room; I was so knee deep in my thoughts. She snapped her fingers in front of my face, causing me to blink. "You awake over there?" she asked me lightly. But I could hear the forced casualness in her tone.

I was almost scared to look at her. But I couldn't help myself. I had to look at her. Maybe the whole wanting to get her naked thing was a fluke.

Yeah. It was a fluke.

I had myself pretty well convinced by the time I lifted my eyes to her face.

Her beautiful, perfect face.

And her amazing body that I knew was just as amazing without clothing.

Shit! Not a fluke! SO, NOT A FLUKE!

I dropped my eyes back to my lap. This was going to be a serious problem. I leaned over and started shoving my stuff back into my bag. "What are you doing?" Rachel asked in confusion. And I hated the sound of the hurt in her voice.

Just great. I was hurting her. Again. Why couldn't I stop being an ass**le for two seconds? Oh that's right, because my insides were currently a flipping mess because of a sudden realization that my best friend was the most beautiful girl I had ever seen.

"Uh, I just remembered that I was supposed to get together with Jake in a little bit. I'll study later." I said lamely. That excuse was weak at best. I still couldn't look at her. Scared that if I did, I would attack her. And by attack, I mean maul her face with my lips.

I started thinking about pressing her tiny, pert little body against mine. Running my hands along her sexy curves. Tasting her tongue as I...

I squeezed my eyes shut.

Think about Granny Lowe naked. Ugh. Okay, now think about Granny Lowe and Stephen naked. Together.

Yep, that did it. My burgeoning erection was now limp in my pants. Thank god. Last thing I needed was for Rachel to see me at half-mast as I ran from her house.

I got to my feet, confident I wouldn't reveal a tent under my zipper and headed for her front door. I just had to leave. I had to put some distance between me and the girl who had somehow morphed into a sex siren in the span of forty-five minutes.

"Daniel. Are you okay? I mean...you're being stranger than usual." Rachel sounded worried. Upset even. I knew that in her mind this was just me blowing her off again. But I knew, without a doubt, that if I sat in her living room, just the two of us, for a moment longer, I would make a complete and total fool of myself. I would touch her and kiss her and hold her in a way that would ruin everything we were.

Because Rachel Bradfield was my best friend. And she deserved a hell of a lot more than an ass**le like me. She deserved a guy who could be her prince charming. Not a douchebag who didn't know his ass from his elbow. A guy who had spent his entire life screwing up everything he touched.

Rachel was better than me. She could do better than me. And damned if I didn't want more for her than my sorry ass.

I stopped at her front door and hefted my book bag up on my shoulder, steeling myself to turn around and face her. I swiveled on my heel, a smile firmly in place. Rachel would never know the out of control thoughts running through my brain.

I would take it to the grave.

I would not ruin the best relationship in my life over crazy hormonally driven lust. But even I could recognize that what I felt for the girl in front of me went way beyond lust.

But I couldn't go there. Not now. Not ever.

So I ignored the way her mouth turned down in that cute way of hers. The way her eyes crinkled up at the corners when she was irritated. The hot flush on her chest that spread up the sides of her neck, a sure giveaway that she was not happy. Okay, now my eyes were focusing a little too long on her chest.

Get it together, man!

"I'm fine. I just really have to go. Thanks for offering to help. Sorry if I screwed up your evening," I told her sincerely. Because I really did hate the fact that she more than likely put aside her own stuff to help me. Maybe I really did take her for granted. Because Rachel never thought twice about helping me.

See, that was why she deserved better.

Rachel's brown eyes softened a fraction, though her pretty mouth was still set in a firm line. "Yeah. Well, maybe you need to start keeping a schedule. You know, since you're so busy," she bit out and I blinked at her in surprise.

Wow. I was not used to the biting responses from her. This new no-nonsense side of Rachel was a surprise.

And freaking hot.

I had to leave! Now!

"Yeah. Good idea. Later, Rach," I said quickly, pulling open the front door and dashing outside. Yep, I ran away. Like a little bitch.

Things were not going well. Ever since our almost kiss three days ago, Rachel and I have been at each other's throats. Her patience for all things Daniel Lowe seemed to be at an end. I could practically taste her annoyance as we sat together during lunch.

Maggie hadn't shown up yet, so it was just Rachel and me. Together. Being agonizingly silent as we ate our lunch and tried not to choke on the tension that seemed to have blossomed between us.

It seriously sucked.

"Rach..." I started to say. I wasn't exactly sure what was about to come out of my mouth. It could have been a plea for her forgiveness. An apology for all of my assy behavior over the years.

It could have been a verbal attack toward her icy chill.

Or it could have been a confession. One that seemed harder to keep from bursting out. The truth of why I ran out on her three days ago. The reason I was finding it hard to sit so close to her and not touch her. And the fact that I could barely look at Kylie without imaging my best friend instead. How the only lips I wanted to taste and touch were Rachel Marie Bradfield's.

I had it bad.

Rachel looked up at me as I said her name. Her brown eyes cool in a way that I hated. I needed to put an end to this rift between us. I needed to man up and share how screwed up I was over her.

Or I could suck it all back down into the dark pit inside of me and pretend it didn't exist.

Obviously, the latter was the most appropriate form of action.

"Can I have the rest of your fries?" I asked her, inching my fingers toward her lunch tray. Rachel rolled her eyes but pushed her food toward me. I plucked a few of the fried pieces of my denial off her plate and stuffed them into my mouth.

"What the heck is up with our girl?" Rachel asked in amusement, looking up from her phone and over my shoulder. I turned around and started laughing as Maggie limped her way across the cafeteria. She held her legs rigid, her face in a grimace as she finally reached our table.

"What?" Maggie asked, her tone making it very clear she didn't want to hear whatever we had to say. She was not a happy camper.

"Nothing." Rachel said diplomatically as she shoved her hamburger into her mouth. Rachel didn't deal well with confrontation of any sort. Well, unfortunately for Maggie May, I had no such qualms.

"Why are you moving like an old lady, Mags? You look ridiculous." I chuckled, watching my other best friend shoot daggers at me with her eyes. Oh if looks could kills. She pulled a chip from her bag and chucked it at me. I dodged it easily and laughed. She really did look pathetic.

Maggie proceeded to tell us that she had cut cross-country practice. Not once, not twice, but three times. I tried not to gape at her in surprise. If there was one thing about Mags, it was that she was unwaveringly consistent. She had her routine, her schedule. She understood that responsibility was not to be taken lightly. She was a rock of predictability.

But now, I looked at the brown-haired girl sitting across from me as though I didn't even know her. And then I realized why she was skipping practice. Or more specifically for who.

And the who showed up right then, looking like a James Dean reject. Clayton Reed stood at Maggie's elbow and I watched her instant transformation.

I shot Rachel a look and noticed she had seen it as well. Her eyes found mine and for a moment, our bullshit was forgotten as we focused on our friend and the guy who seemed to have taken her over.

To say lunch didn't go well was an understatement. This Clay dude was a complete freak. I just did not get what Maggie saw in him. He was anti-social and could barely hold a conversation. Plus he gave off angry vibes like crazy.

I didn't like him.

Not at all.

And I could tell Rachel was worried about what was unfolding in front of us as well.

When Clay left the lunch table abruptly, I couldn't help myself. "What the f**k was that?" I knew I sounded like a dick. And I could tell by the way Maggie's jaw clenched that I had said the wrong thing. But that guy was a weirdo. And I didn't like the way Mags seemed to be twisting herself into knots over him.

Rachel's hand squeezed my knee under the table in silent warning. But I couldn't help but wish she'd keep her hand there. It felt nice. Even under the circumstances.

"Maybe he's just shy." I knew Rachel was trying to placate the situation. Her fingers squeezed into my skin, obviously trying to communicate the message that I should shut the hell up and let her handle it. I wanted to do whatever Rachel asked of me if it meant keeping her hand on my leg. Too bad I was always bad at listening.

The problem was Mags and I were too much alike. Most of the time, it was a source of mutual respect and camaraderie. Right now, it meant we were about to have an explosion.

"Or a whack job. He has that whole school shooter thing going on, you know?" I said trying not to flinch as Rachel pinched the side of my knee with her fingers. So much for biting my tongue. Now I would have both of the girls pissed at me.

To say Maggie got kind of mad would be like me saying that hell is kind of hot. She went off. Really. She let me have it. And I couldn't do much more than stare at her in shock. Maggie never lost her shit with me. Even when I deserved it. Sure, she could be cutting and to the point. It's what I loved about her. But she had never gone full on postal before.

And it made me angry. Like, really, really angry. Because this was happening now over some guy who wasn't worth the gunk on the bottom of her shoe. My protective instincts were going into overdrive and I wanted to go smack the shit out of the punk for getting my friend wound up like that.

No one messed with my girls.

Ever.

But Rachel instantly jumped into her role as mediator. She succeeded in calming Maggie down. But only enough so she could go track Clay "Unabomber" Reed down.

Rachel sat down heavily beside me after Maggie had left. "Sorry if I was out of line," I mumbled, feeling a little crappy for my part in the drama. Rachel sighed, her shoulders sagging a bit.

I wanted to put my arm around her. Any other time I would have. Now I wasn't sure that was a smart thing to do. "Well, you need to tell Mags, not me," she said succinctly. Rachel was right. I did owe Maggie an apology. I hated fighting with my girls. But it seemed like that was all that happened anymore.

Before going to find Maggie, I turned to Rachel, ignoring the stirring in my gut as I watched her tuck a curl behind her ear. "What do you think of that guy? Really," I asked her.

Rachel met my eyes and I knew in that instant, that for whatever our issues, we were on the same page where Clayton Reed was concerned. "I don't know, Danny. But I've never seen Mags like this. It worries me. It's not like her to obsess over some boy. And to blow off cross-country? All she talks about is Clayton Reed. When have you ever known her to talk about a guy like this? I mean, I'd be happy for her if there wasn't something else going, you know? The way Clay acted today was really weird and then Maggie jumping all over us to defend his crappy attitude. I didn't like it. Not a bit," Rachel let out in a rush.

Without allowing myself time to think any more about it, I reached out and took her hand. Our fingers weaved together effortlessly. Her palm, pressed against mine perfectly. "We'll take care of her. We always take care of each other. And no one will ever mess with my girls while I'm around," I said with confidence. Because I f**king meant it.

Rachel smiled and my heart sputtered a bit. When did I become such a damn pansy? "I guess I'd better go find her. You know, so I can grovel." I grinned, even though I was absolutely sure groveling was in my immediate future.

Rachel squeezed my hand before dropping it. I couldn't help but be disappointed. She threw her trash onto her tray and stood up. I followed her to my feet. "Yeah, you'd best use some of my lip gloss, because your mouth will be chaffed from all the butt kissing you're about to do." Rachel smirked.

There was that feisty new Rachel again. Where the hell had she been hiding the last seventeen years? I watched the way Rachel's ass moved in her tight jeans and decided it was time to go get started on my butt kissing. Because if I stayed here any longer, watching the girl in front of me, I would be kissing something else entirely.

Chapter Six

~Daniel~

"Daniel. Stephen and I are going away for the weekend. I've left money on the counter." My mom poked her head into my room and I had to curb the wise cracks that were on the tip of my tongue.

I was getting used to weekends alone. Not that I minded. I'd rather not be subjected to the PDA monster that came courtesy of my once upon a time fantastic mother and her skeevy boyfriend. It was freaking gross the way they pawed at each other, not caring if I was in the room or not.

As if on cue, Stephen appeared behind Mom, his hands slithering around her like an anaconda, his hands going in places that made me want to rip his arms off. I hated that guy. I hated my mom for being with that guy. I hated the fact that I had a front row seat as they touched and did things that a kid should NOT see his parent doing.

My mom giggled like a girl half her age and I wanted to hurl. "Stephen," she whispered as he kissed the side of her neck. Both seemed suddenly aware that they were in fact standing in the doorway to my room. Stephen stopped trying to molest the woman who had given me life and she stopped wiggling against him as though they were going to go at it at any moment.

"Hi son," Stephen said awkwardly, giving me a cheesy smile that just asked to be knocked off of his face by my more than ready fist. I wasn't his goddamned son. I had a dad. A great one. You know, the guy who had caught this jackass dick deep in his wife. Yep, I was going to throw up. Maybe I could projectile vomit, Exorcist style, all over the ass**les in front of me.

I grit my teeth, crunching them together almost painfully. "Hey," I said shortly. I should tell Stephen to never call me son again. To remind him and my bitch of a mother of the guy they had both screwed over. The one who had supported his family for years without complaint. The man who did not deserve to lose his wife and his son to a flaming ass face that wore purple shirts and too much hair product.

But I had played the petulant teenager card one too many times already. And all I had gotten for it was a pissed off mom and my truck taken away.

My mom could give a shit that I was miserable living in Stephen's house while they ran around like they didn't have a care in the world. What had happened to the woman who made sure all of my favorite snacks were in the cupboard and would help me with my homework every night?

Maybe I should make up flyers and stick them around town. Missing. Mom who gives a f**k.

But it was useless. That person was a thing of the past. Now I was stuck with a woman who wore my mom's face but had changed every other thing about herself. My mom had always been comfortable in jeans. This mom never left the house without make-up an inch thick and had started dying her hair blonde, because Stephen liked it that way.

Whatever. Just another dose of reality that I had to deal with. Nothing changed the fact that my life sucked.

Without another word, my mom and Stephen closed the door. I could hear her laugh as they left. God knows what Stephen started doing once my door shut. I shuddered.

My phone started to ring in my pocket. Pulling it out, I looked down and saw that it was Kylie. Great. Some more shit to add to the pile. I hadn't talked to Kylie in a week. She had remained pissed after I turned down her offer to "hang out" last Friday. We hadn't ended up going to the movies, even after I had dumped on Rachel which pissed me off. She had insisted we needed to take a "break." And for the first time I didn't fight it.

Sure Kylie was gorgeous. Most guys at school wanted in her pants. If I was honest with myself, I'd admit most probably had been at some point. And truthfully, I had always gotten off on being the guy she couldn't get enough of. Every time we broke up, it was only a matter of time until she came back for more. Call it macho pride, but there was something dick twinging about it.

But lately, I had found myself thinking less and less about Kylie Good. For once, my c**k wasn't making all of the decisions...well at least where Kylie was concerned. And I didn't want to make up and get back together. Not this time.

But old habits were hard to break and I found myself answering the phone, when I should be pushing the ignore button.

"Hey, baby," Kylie's girly voice cooed from the other end. Wow. When did her voice become so annoying? Did she always talk like a five year old? Or was I only now noticing it?

"Hey Kylie," I replied, flicking on the television. Finding a re-run of the Simpsons, I tried not to completely zone out on the conversation. But it was hard.

"You going to Melissa's party tonight?" she asked. Of course, I was going to Melissa's party. When did I ever miss a party? What a stupid question. Why didn't she just come out and ask me to take her, since I knew that was the point of the phone call?

"Yeah. I'm going. Why, you need a ride or something?" I asked and even I could hear the complete lack of interest in my voice. Obviously Kylie did too because her tone become decidedly more wheedling.

"Danny. I want us to go together. I miss you, baby. Maybe afterward, you and me can go somewhere. Just the two of us. It's been too long." She was trying really hard to be seductive. It was almost comical. The Daniel Lowe of a week ago would have jumped at the chance to get laid tonight. But not this Daniel Lowe. I was really over the whole thing.

"I'm supposed to hang with Jake and the boys after the party," I told her, my focus drifting back to the television. I could practically hear her grinding her teeth.

Then she changed tactics. "Danny. Please. I really need to be with you tonight," she pleaded. I turned off the television and tried to give her my attention. There was still a part of me that weakened where she was concerned, even if I didn't want her to be my girlfriend again. But that part wasn't as noticeable as it used to be.

"Why, Kylie? Logan can't take you?" I asked shortly.

Kylie sighed and I rolled my eyes.

"You know you're the only one I want to be with. Come on...I hate it when we fight. Please go to the party with me," she begged and I scratched the back of my neck in agitation. It was just a ride to the party. And I did care about the girl, even if she drove me nuts.

And maybe this is what I needed to stop thinking about a particular other girl who I shouldn't be thinking about in that way, at all.

And that was what made up my mind for me.

Rachel.

Why did everything keep circling back to her lately?

"Sure, Kylie. That's fine. I'll pick you up at eight," I conceded.

"Great! I can't wait to see you Danny! I meant what I said, I've really missed you." And there it was. That little glimpse at the vulnerable side of Kylie Good that no one else got to see. And that little glimpse was enough for me to lose my hesitation. I wasn't swearing my undying love. I wasn't jumping back into our intolerable relationship. I would just spend time with her and would try not to think about the girl I really wanted to be with.

"Yeah," I said, not agreeing or denying her statement. After that, I ended the phone call, not sure I had made the best decision.

And then my phone rang again making my heart stop.

Shit, it was Rachel.

I answered it hesitantly. It felt weird talking to her so soon after making plans with Kylie. Even though it shouldn't. It's not like Rachel was my girlfriend. For all intents and purposes, Kylie had been my girlfriend. Even though she wasn't anymore, I had to add vehemently.

That wasn't the point.

The point was I shouldn't feel like I was cheating on Rachel by agreeing to go to Melissa's party with Kylie. It was insane. I was insane.

"Hiya Rach," I said, trying to go for neutral and unaffected and swearing that I was failing miserably.

"Hey loser. We on for Melissa's tonight?" Rachel asked in a voice that wasn't babyish or annoying. Then I realized what she had asked me. Crap. Had we made plans to go to the party together? I wracked my brain but came up blank. Fuckety-fuck-fuck!

"Uh...well, I...well..." I was stumbling all over my words like some low functioning moron with a brain defect. Open mouth, insert foot.

"Daniel. Are you not going to pick me up for Melissa's party? Is that what I'm to take away from your monosyllabic mumbling?" Rachel asked tersely. Time to salvage. I needed to do it before she came through the phone and strangled me.

"Of course Rach. I can pick you up and then we can go get Kylie." I just decided to bite the bullet. I mean, she was going to be pissed no matter what, might as well make it now rather than later. There was an immediate silence. I wondered for a moment if she had hung up. Not that I would blame her.

"Rach?" I asked into the dead air. Why did her anger make me want to run and hide? I had never been freaked out by it before. But now, the thought of her being pissed at me had me trembling in my sneakers. So much for smooth, lady's man, Daniel Lowe. I think he'd been kicked squarely in the proverbial nut sack and wouldn't be making a reappearance until I decided to grow some damn chest hair and grow up.

"Just forget it. You have fun with Kylie," Rachel spit out and then it was my turn to get pissed. Who the hell was she to give me a hard time about taking my ex-girlfriend to a party? I really didn't recall making plans with her. So, this time I really wasn't blowing her off. So what gives?!

"No need to be a bi..witch about it, Rach. It's not like we had definite plans or anything," I snapped, though I was glad I had stopped myself from making the colossal mistake of assigning her the "b" word. That would have brought on the apocalypse for sure. I was definitely playing for Team Dumbass this evening on all fronts.

"You're right, Daniel. We didn't have plans. I guess I just wanted to hang out is all." Her voice sounded sad, even as she tried to cover it up.

"I'm sorry, Rach. Seriously..." I started but she cut me off.

"Just forget it, Danny. I'm being silly. Of course you'd want to hang out with your girlfriend. I get it. Have fun and I'll see you there," she backpedaled. I wish she wouldn't do that. It was as though she believed her thoughts and feelings were less important than everyone else's. I started to tell her that Kylie wasn't my girlfriend anymore, because needing to clarify that seemed really important just then, but I realized Rachel had already hung up.

It was going to be a fantastic night. I could just feel it.

Cue the sarcasm.

Chapter Seven

~Rachel~

Happy, happy drunk. That was me. And such a light weight too. One and half beers later and I was feeling the warm, fuzzy blanket of alcohol induced euphoria. I felt good. More than good. In fact, my earlier hurt feelings and overall need to kick Daniel Lowe's butt had subsided as I got my party on.

Maggie and I had been at Melissa's bonfire for less than twenty minutes and I was beginning to relax. No signs of Daniel or Kylie. So far so good.

I was nodding absentmindedly while Jeremiah and Lila tried to rope me into their latest fundraising efforts. I was half listening as they droned about a clothing drive for homeless tigers in Africa or something.

My head bobbed to the music and I finished the last of my beer. Raymond Lewis stumbled by and shoved another Solo cup in my hand. "Here ya go!" he yelled enthusiastically as he pushed his way past me. I peered into the cup and shrugged. Looked okay. I took a drink and cringed. Yuck, warm beer.

Okay, I was done with the philanthropic duo. I gave Lila and Jeremiah a polite smile and excused myself, looking for Maggie. Where the heck had she gone?

Ah, I should have known. She was with Clay. They seemed to always find each other. Like magnets or flies to garbage...whatever. I chastised myself mentally for my immediate jump to the negative. I didn't even know Clayton Reed. All I did know was my best friend was bat poo crazy about him.

I watched the two as I slowly headed toward them. And seeing them, standing close together, Clay's eyes on Maggie's down turned face, their bodies angled toward each other as though they couldn't resist the other's pull, I could admit it was sort of beautiful.

So, maybe it was the alcohol talking, but I think I liked Clay right then. Because I could see how much he cared about Maggie. Body language didn't lie and his body was practically shouting how much he loved her. And she didn't think he thought of her in that way...psh...she was an idiot. Or blind.

"Hey guys!" I yelled, overly boisterous. Maggie smirked as I joined them. I tried to smirk back, but I think my face ended up doing something else, because Maggie just looked at me oddly. I glanced over at Clay and my heart softened toward him. He looked so adorably awkward. Completely out of place but obviously not wanting to leave Maggie.

"Clay, I'm so glad you could make it!" I grinned at him and he blinked at me in confusion. Then I did something that totally took him by surprise. I hugged him. I mean, I launched myself at the poor guy and held on for dear life. He was rigid as I squeezed. I was just so happy that he loved my bestie. I wanted them both to be happy forever. And ever.

At some point during my consumption of beer number three, I had mentally deteriorated into a twelve year old.

I pulled back and grinned at Clay, who seemed to be trying to smile back. Was there something wrong with his face? His mouth was twitching strangely as though smiling was physically painful for him. I was about to ask him about it when I heard Maggie's barely audible groan.

I looked behind me to see Daniel. My heart sped up and I felt even happier than I had a second ago.

Then I saw who walked entirely too close beside him. Stupid Kylie Good. I ground my teeth together and gripped my hands into fists so tightly that my nails dug into my palm. No! He was not permitted to ruin my good time! Oh, I hated him! But darned if I didn't love him too! There were those stupid contradictions again!

"Mags! Rach! There you are! I've been looking everywhere for you!" Daniel gave Maggie a hug. When he pulled away from her, he turned to me as if to do the same but I took a small step backwards. I was not in the mood for his 'friends only' hugs. No freaking way.

I couldn't stop the nasty snark that bubbled up. I glared at Danny, who was giving me a nervous smile, as though he knew niceties were not the agenda for the evening. "I seriously doubt you were looking for us, Danny. You seem busy enough." I smirked at Kylie, who looked as though she were chewing glass.

I couldn't help but give her the once over. She was fake as fake could be. Fake hair coloring (because I knew she wasn't a natural blonde), fake nails, fake tan. Fake, fake, fake. And she clung to Daniel's arm as though she would superimpose herself to his side. Feeling insecure much?

Maggie's eyes flashed to me and I recognized the please don't look she was shooting my way. But sweet, demure, never speaks up for herself, Rachel was doing some talking.

I tried to ignore the hurt that flashed across Daniel's face. There was that annoying momentary weakness and I wanted to take back my hatefulness and smooth things over. Because that's what I always did. But then I just had to look at who he was with and the fact that that's who he was always with and I got over it.

"What the hell is your problem, Rachel? If I've done something to offend you, just tell me already." Daniel's voice was hard but I knew him well enough to know that his pissiness hid how much it bothered him that I was mad. I should have been thrilled by that, but those three stupid beers did nothing but ignite my anger even brighter.

Maggie tried to make excuses; she tried to move me away from the scene that was brewing. I noticed Clay inch toward me as if to block me from Daniel, but I shoved forward and found myself right up in Danny's grill.

I wanted to grab a hold of his shirt and pull him toward me. I couldn't stop myself from staring at his mouth and I wanted to kiss it so badly I could taste it. But I wasn't allowed to do what I wanted. Because we weren't like that.

And then Clay was moving me away and my blurry mind went with it without too much thought. "Help me find the keg," he said as he took me by the elbow and steered me through the crowd. I looked up at Clay, who glanced down at me with an amused smile on his lips.

"What?" I asked a little defensively. Clay shrugged.

"I'm sensing some baggage back there," he said walking beside me with his hands shoved in his pockets. Looking at Clayton Reed without his normal icy stoicism, I could almost see what Maggie saw in him. He was definitely cute and what girl wouldn't want to put her fingers through that thick, dark hair of his? I swore to myself that I'd try to be less judgmental where he was concerned. Heck, maybe we could even be friends.

"Nah...just Daniel stuff. He gets on my nerves sometimes," I answered lightly. Clay lifted an eyebrow in disbelief but didn't say anything else about it. He didn't push for answers I didn't want to give. Yeah, maybe he wasn't so bad after all.

Now that I had the guy alone and he actually seemed open to talking, I thought I'd do some best friend recon and try to dig for Maggie related info.

"So, Clay..." I began, slowing down our pace a bit.

Clay sighed. "So, Rachel..." he said back. I snickered. He really wasn't into small talk.

"Our girl Maggie is pretty great, isn't she?" I said innocently. Clay looked at me from the corner of his eye and I saw his jaw tense a bit. Hmm, I think trying to get anything out of him was going to be like trying to break into Fort Knox.

"Yeah, she's cool," he answered, not giving anything away. I felt a little light-headed from the booze and stopped walking all together. I put my hands on my hips and frowned at him.

"She's cool? Really? That's all you can say? You stare at her like a starving man looking at his next meal. So cut the crap and give it to me straight. Do you like her or not? Because she's pretty freaking special and I would hate to go all bruiser on you if you hurt her," I warned. Being threatening was not my forte. But I wanted this guy to know that if he hurt Maggie, he'd have to deal with me. For whatever that was worth.

I half expected Clay to laugh at me. I mean, who would really take my I'm a hard ass act seriously? But he didn't. He stopped and turned to face me. His hands never left his jeans pockets but he was giving me his undivided attention. He seemed to be taking my warning very seriously.

"I don't want to hurt her, Rachel. Ever. And she is special. The most special person I've ever met. I want to promise you that her heart is safe with me. But..." He seemed to choke up as his words trailed off.

Wow, he was really intense. It was sort of all consuming. I knew he cared about Maggie. More than I had originally thought. But that didn't change the fact that there was something sad and tortured about Clayton Reed. He seemed to be saying as much with his cryptic half thought.

It worried me.

A lot.

Clay cleared his throat and looked me straight in the eye. "But just know that she's really important to me. The most important thing in my life." He clenched his fist over his heart. And for a second, I forgot to breathe. How easy it was to forget everything else when confronted by such passion.

It was my turn to clear my throat. "Well, I'm glad to hear that," I said a little awkwardly. What else was there to say? Just don't go psycho on my BFF, please? That probably wouldn't go over too well. Deep down, I really wanted to like him. But I was still a little unsure, though so far this evening, I had thawed considerably.

My buzz was starting to wane and that just wouldn't do. "Let's go find that keg," I said, trying to inject some perk back into my voice. I couldn't do serious anymore. I needed to drink and party and forget about my own heartache.

Clay's face relaxed and he seemed just as relieved as I was at dropping our conversation. He followed me into Melissa's house. He seemed uncomfortable and stayed close to my side. We finally located the keg in the garage. I quickly found a cup filled with frothy, beer goodness. Clay looked at the keg as though he expected it to open its jaws and swallow him.

"Do you want anything?" I asked, wondering what his deal was.

"Uh..." Clay looked strange. What was his problem? Before I could give it much more thought we were surrounded by a group of football jocks and the ubiquitous cheerleader or two.

Louis Feldman, the quarterback on the football team clasped Clay's shoulder. I noticed the immediate tension and I had to say I was intrigued by the exchange going on in front of me. Clay was such an enigma; I understood why Maggie was so entranced by him. He had all the makings of the popular boy. Hot as hell, aloof, the sensitive loner type. But he seemed to shun all of that. If my heart wasn't so wrapped up in dumb Daniel Lowe (and if I was a backstabbing bitch) my best friend may have had a fight on her hands when it came to Clayton Reed's attention.

"Dude, you're the new kid, right?" Louis asked. Clay pulled away from him.

"Yeah," he bit out, looking at the much larger guy with apprehension. I remembered the way he had been targeted by Paul Dewlader his first week of school and I understood his hesitation.

But Louis was a decent guy, if lacking a few necessary brain cells for basic functioning. Louis jerked his head in the direction of the keg. "Wanna do a keg stand? It would be seriously cool." Clay looked like the guy had asked him to streak naked through the party.

He needed to lighten up. No one could be that uptight and not be miserable. I nodded in agreement. "Go for it, Clay. I really have to see this." I urged, pushing him in the back as Louis slung an arm around his shoulders in a guy half hug thing that always seemed strange to me.

"I don't think so," Clay said firmly, trying to pull away. I gave him another playful shove.

"Don't be such a snooze. This is a party! You only live once. What will it hurt?" Okay, I was like some bad afterschool special. When had I become the captain of the peer pressure team? But I really thought Clay needed something to chill him out. His angst was giving me a headache.

Clay wavered a bit and Louis grinned. "Yeah man! Come on!" And Clay allowed himself to be pulled toward the keg.

I stood on the sidelines as Louis and another football player lifted Clay off his feet. I cheered him on as Clay guzzled beer from the tap. See? I was bonding with the guy. I was such a good friend, trying to be all buddy-buddy with the boy my best friend was into.

Or maybe not.

The next few minutes were a bit of a whirlwind. One minute I was chanting Clay's name, the next Daniel was pulling me toward the garage door. I tried to wrestle against Daniel's grip and I could see Maggie intercepting Clay over his shoulder.

What was going on?

"Let go of me!" I yelled, once we were outside. Daniel dropped my arm like it burned him and glared at me. I pulled myself upright and leveled my own glare right back. Two could play this game, butt hole.

"What was that back there? Encouraging people to get alcohol poisoning isn't normally your thing." Daniel's words were hard and brittle and I lifted my chin.

"I was just getting the poor guy to have some fun. You should thank me for helping to pull the stick out of his ass," I griped, turning my back on Danny and swiftly walked away. I made my way around the side of the house and found a swing set.

I was feeling obnoxiously sober and I didn't want to be. And I sure as hell didn't feel like spending said sobriety with Daniel Lowe when he was being condescending and preachy.

Of course, he followed me. Because alone time was asking too much. "Danny. Please. Just give it a rest," I pleaded, not above begging him to back off. My head was starting to hurt and my happy fun time was clearly over.

Now that Daniel and I were alone, I was starting to feel the mortification for my earlier behavior. I had been a little too obvious in my dislike for Kylie. Raging bitch isn't usually my color and I couldn't believe how easily I had worn it. My jealousy issues were getting a little out of hand and I knew if I didn't get it together, I would be in danger of losing one of my longest and most important friendships.

As much as I craved something more with Danny, the thought of losing him all together because of my snippy and bitchy attitude was heart crushing.

But that didn't mean I couldn't speak my mind. Because playing doormat Rachel was getting a little tiresome. "Look, I was trying to have a good time. Clay was trying to have a good time. What's the big deal?" I asked shortly, looking over at Daniel.

Daniel sighed. "Well, apparently he's a recovering alcoholic or drug addict or something. Maggie said he has a snarly history with that stuff." Well crap, that made me feel like a complete and total jerk. Not that I knew about it, but still. Why didn't I just put a darn crack pipe in his mouth?

"Well...jeesh," I mumbled, sitting down heavily on the swing and began to pump my legs back and forth. Daniel dropped his head and sat down on the other swing, rocking himself a bit as I moved the swing at full force.

We didn't say anything for awhile and I finally slowed down until I was gently swaying beside him. "When did things get so screwed up?" I asked quietly, the sounds of the party seemed a million miles away. It was just Daniel and me and the multitude of unspoken things between us.

Daniel let out a noisy breath. "Good question, Rach," was all he said and we drifted into silence again. After a few more moments, he turned to look at me. "I'm an ass**le. I know that. I haven't always treated you the way you should be treated. And I'm sorry for that. But I really love you, Rachel. You and Mags are my best friends. If I've ever made you feel less than crucial to my life, I apologize. Because you are important to me. Actually important doesn't even cover it. You are fundamental to who I am. There is no Daniel Lowe without Rachel Bradfield."

I felt tears burn the back of my throat and I had to blink them away before they rolled traitorously down my face.

That was the thing about Danny. I could hate him so completely. Wish him a thousand painful deaths. But then he pulled out the big guns. Using that amazing sensitivity that was always there just below the surface to remind me of why I loved him so much in the first place. And while I truly wished his words were said in a "non-friend" way, I couldn't deny how wonderful they were all the same.

My anger fizzled out. There just wasn't a place for it in my heart at that moment. So I looked him straight in the eye and took a chance. "Danny. I love you too." I tried to put every ounce of my feelings into those four words. Wishing him to see that I meant them in a way that was completely and totally life altering. For me. For him. For what we could be together.

Daniel's eyes darkened as we looked into each other's eyes. Maybe he did see it. Maybe this would be it. That moment when we could be that something else.

"Hey guys." Daniel and I broke eye contact and looked up to see Maggie coming toward us. And then we looked back at each other. The air continued to hum with words unspoken. Our eyes clung to each other. Danny's mouth opened then closed. He seemed to be struggling with something to say. Then he gave himself a little shake before we turned to look at our friend.

Chapter Eight

~Daniel~

Things weren't so bad. Everything was coming together and for the first time in awhile I felt pretty damn good. Rachel and I had come to an unspoken understanding after Melissa's party. While we weren't close to having the old ease we were used to with one another, it was getting there.

Hey, she was looking at me without murderous rage, so I take that as a rounding success.

Kylie had backed off, moving onto her latest flavor of the day and for the first time since that crazy relationship began, I wasn't bothered by it. I welcomed it even.

My mom was out of town for the week with Stephen and my dad had phoned to let me know he'd be in town later this afternoon to finalize some paperwork from the divorce. I was stoked about spending time with him. Is it completely f**ked up to admit that I had a favorite parent? Because Dad was mine, hands down.

I had seriously considered going to live with him after he had moved. But as much as I disliked my mom most of the time, I didn't want to leave my friends and my school in the middle of my senior year.

Everything was going pretty freaking great.

Well...almost.

Because there was Maggie.

As satisfied as I was in other areas of my life, not everything was syncing up the way I wanted it to. Maggie was noticeably distant. She spent all of her time with Clay. Rachel and I barely saw her anymore.

I sat across from her and the tortured hero himself. Man, he played that deep and mysterious card well, I'd give him that. But I found the whole thing a little creepy. I couldn't get a read on the guy and that bugged me. I watched as Maggie and Clay made excuses to touch each other. She was practically drooling into her lunch as she listened to him talking about poetry, or art or something equally boring and meant to make girls drop their panties for him.

I wasn't sure this guy wasn't just one big act. Sure, he seemed all angst ridden, but who's to say that wasn't just a giant fishing line all set to lure unsuspecting girls into his trap. Yeah, I was being a bit paranoid, but like I've said, the dude bugged me.

I'm sure it had more to do with the fact that it was pretty freaking obvious that Maggie was ready to drop everyone and everything for him. Rachel and I barely registered for her anymore. And I was self-aware enough to know that I was feeling more than a little jealous.

Not because I liked Maggie like that or anything. No, it had more to do with my selfish desire to have my girls all to myself. Hey, I never pretended to be overly mature. But at least I can own it.

But I was trying to be nice to the guy, for Maggie's sake. I didn't foresee best buddy territory anytime soon, but I guess I could be civil.

Rachel and Maggie were talking to Clay about the Fall Formal. Fantastic. I guess he was gate crashing that one. Maggie was looking at him with those doe eyes of hers and I wanted to snort in disgust. But I was trying to be the bigger man and told him he should come. Someone give me a damn medal, because that was very Boy Scout of me.

Rachel gave me a smile, clearly pleased with my efforts at making peace. I smiled back. Yeah, I could be a decent guy when I wanted to be.

After lunch, Rachel looped her arm with mine and gave me a beautiful smile. My heart flip-flopped in my chest. "That was really cool to include Clay. I'm proud of you, Danny." She leaned up on her tiptoes and kissed me on the cheek.

I blushed bright red. Yes, I seriously blushed. I don't think that had happened since I was six.

I shrugged, trying to play it cool. "Eh, it was nothing. Just because I'm on the fence about Maggie's boy toy, doesn't mean I have to be a jerk about it, right?" I said and even I could hear how out of breath I sounded. Crazy what one little kiss could do to me. This girl had me on a chain and didn't even realize it.

"You really are a good guy. I just wish you'd let that nice side come out to play more often,"she teased, her arm still holding onto mine as we walked down the hallway. I shrugged again, though I couldn't help but feel happy at her compliment.

"So, this dance. Have you picked out your suit yet? I'm thinking baby blue this year," Rachel said, her eyes glittering with excitement. The girls really got into this whole "let's dress as tacky as possible" thing for Fall Formal. I had to admit, it was pretty fun and I hated school dances with a passion.

"Baby blue, huh? Well, I'll have to see what I can do," I told her as we came to a stop in front of her next class. We stood there outside her classroom with her grinning up at me. This lack of animosity and open hostility felt nice.

I brought my fingers up to pluck a piece of fuzz from her hair and let my hand linger a little bit longer than was necessary. I noticed Rachel freeze and watch my face as I slowly pulled my fingers away. Our eyes locked and we were standing toe to toe. Me looking down, her looking up. Our hands brushed against each other and her lips parted.

I started to lean in...

And then snapped out of it.

What was I doing?

Was I seriously going to kiss her in the middle of the hallway? Was I crazy?

I took a step back and gave her a lazy smile that revealed nothing of my earlier intentions. "I'd better get going. I'll catch up with you after school," I said, already moving down the hallway.

I couldn't help but see the disappointment on her face, but she hid it quickly. She lifted her hand in a wave and wiggled her fingers in my direction. "Sure. Later Danny," she called out as I got as far away as I could.

The night of the dance was going great. Rachel looked stunning. If she was trying to go for hideous and tacky, she failed miserably. Her red sequined dress, while a little gaudy, fit her killer body like a glove. And that slit up her left leg gave me enough of an eyeful to have to employ thoughts of Granny Lowe again.

She was gorgeous. And in a good mood. And the whole thing rocked.

Clay was even being normal for once. I still wasn't sold on him, but tonight I was trying to reserve judgment.

Dinner was awesome. Rachel took a ton of pictures of our group wearing those stupid plastic bibs to catch melted butter. We looked like idiots. Idiots having fun. But idiots nonetheless.

Dinner ended and we headed to the dance. Rachel sat pressed against my side as she, Maggie and Clay sat squished in the cab of my truck. I couldn't help but notice that Rachel's hand lay on my thigh, with her pinky finger rubbing my leg in slow, purposeful circles.

There was no way she was doing that by accident. I quickly looked down at her and she peeked up at me through her long lashes. Her mouth twitched into a smirk and I almost pulled the truck over to kiss her. Clay and Maggie be damned.

What was this? She was flirting with me! Teasing me! And she knew exactly what she was doing. God, I had never wanted something so badly in my life. But I had sworn to myself that I wouldn't ruin our friendship.

But with her finger tracing lazily up and down my fabric-covered skin, I forgot about that. Screw morals. They were overrated anyway. I was going to kiss that girl tonight. And I would do it so that there would never be any doubt about how I felt about her.

I was practically bursting with the anticipation of it all. I whipped into the school parking lot, eager to get to the dance and to get on with my night. Two more seconds of smelling her skin and feeling her finger dancing up my leg and I wouldn't be responsible for my actions.

Rachel, Clay and Maggie were tossed around a bit in my haste to get into the parking space. "Take it easy there, Danny Boy. We'd like to get there alive, you know," Maggie quipped, jumping out of the truck as Clay slid his arm around her waist.

Not even their subtle PDA would ruin my good mood. I grabbed Rachel's hand and dragged her toward the school. "Dude! I'm wearing heels, slow down!" Rachel laughed. I stopped, turned around and lifted her up, carrying her as though over the threshhold or something.

"What are you doing?" she squealed as we walked up the stairs. I could hear Clay and Maggie laughing behind us. I pressed her into my chest and leaned down so that my lips were next to her ear.

"Can't have a high heel related catastrophe, now can we?" I joked, enjoying the way my breath on her neck made her shiver. I wanted to kiss the white, creamy skin less than an inch from my mouth, but restrained myself. Once inside the school, I put her back down on her feet. She was a little wobbly and grabbed my arm for support.

We walked into the decorated gym, our arms around each other and it felt like this was a date. Rachel leaned her head into my shoulder and I rested my chin in her hair as we waited for Clay and Maggie to join us.

We were instantly greeted by Ray and Claire. Then Jake came up with his date, though I noticed he watched Maggie as she entered the gymnasium with Clay. Poor guy had it bad. I could empathize as my eyes wandered over to Rachel, who was laughing with a few other girls in our grade.

"So, are they together now?" Jake asked me, nodding his head in Clay and Maggie's direction where they still lingered by the door. They weren't touching, but it was very obvious that something was going on between them.

I looked at my buddy. Jake Fitzsimmons was a decent guy. One of my best friends outside of Rachel and Maggie. It had never been a secret that he had been crushing on Maggie since middle school. He had told me that they hooked up a few times at different parties, but I had asked him to spare me the details. He had wanted advice on how to get Maggie to go out with him. But I didn't do the whole Dear Abby thing. Plus, Maggie had never been particularly interested in a guy before.

But it was clear she was very interested in Clayton Reed and I knew that was like a kick to Jake's gut. I clasped his shoulder in sympathy. "I don't know what they are, but I know she likes him, dude," I said quietly, so that no one else could hear.

Jake's smile was strained and I could tell he was lying when he said, "That's cool." But I wasn't going to stand around and talk about Maggie's love life all night. Not when I wanted to jump start mine with a certain someone.

Maggie joined Rachel and me as we found a table with a few of our friends. I didn't know where Clay had gone, but I wanted to get Rachel's fine ass on the dance floor. So I finally pulled her with me, just as a slow song came on.

Eric Clapton's "Wonderful Tonight" played as we moved together. I couldn't help but press her up against my body and I felt the moment she relaxed and gave into me. Her arms twined up around my neck and I leaned my head against hers.

This was perfect. This was damn near magical. I had officially grown a freaking vagina.

My questionable chromosome aside, I really enjoyed being with Rachel like this. I felt like things were starting to all fall into place.

Rachel pulled back a bit and looked up at me. "I'm having a lot of fun, Danny. Thanks." She smiled and then I smiled. And we were swaying there together...smiling.

"Me too, Rach," I said softly, pushing the hair back from her face. She leaned into my touch for only a second. But it was enough to tell me all I needed to know. She wanted this as much as I did.

"I meant to ask how your dad was when you saw him," she asked me suddenly. I blinked at the change in conversation.

"He's doing good, considering he was in town to sign all the paperwork for his and Mom's divorce. He let me know I could still come and live with him. Finish my senior year there if I wanted," I mentioned off handily. Mostly because I wanted to see what Rachel would say. I was a manipulative son of a bitch when I wanted to be.

And she reacted just as I had wanted her to. She gasped. "You're not going, are you?" I chuckled.

"No way. I''m too close to graduating. I don't want the hassle when I'm almost out of here anyway," I told her and she visibly relaxed. "Why, would you miss me?" I teased, winking at her.

Rachel rolled her eyes. "Yeah, I suppose your obnoxious presence would be missed," she said shortly, though she was smiling. I hugged her to my chest, my arms going around her.

"Good, because I sure as hell would miss you," I whispered as we continued to dance. Her hands came up to press against my back, her cheek right over my heart.

And then the song was over. We pulled apart, but our hands still clung to each other. Rachel's eyes were sparkling and I thought this might be our moment.

Then I saw her stiffen and step backwards. I frowned in confusion right before I felt a touch on my arm. I looked over my shoulder and could have growled in frustration.

"Kylie," I bit out sharply. I turned back to Rachel but she was already heading back to the table. Great. Just freaking great.

I stormed off the dance floor and headed over to the punch table. Kylie was hot on my heels. I got myself something to drink and took it down in one gulp. I refused to look at my ex-girlfriend. She was screwing everything up, just like she always did.

"Daniel. Please. I need to talk to you." There was something about her voice that made me look down. And I saw that her mascara was smeared as though she had been crying. Her eyes were puffy and she looked like hell.

"What's wrong?" I asked, feeling a twinge of worry at her appearance. It wasn't like Kylie to go into public without being one hundred percent perfect. Something was up.

"Can we step outside?" she pleaded. I looked over at Rachel, who was now sitting with Maggie. Clay was still a no show and I wondered briefly what was up with him. But at least Rachel had company for a few minutes.

"Sure," I said, hoping I wouldn't come to regret this. Kylie looked relieved and we went out the side entrance. I followed her around to the front steps of the school and sat down. I looked over at Kylie and noticed that she was crying again. I felt bad for being annoyed that she had interrupted my moment with Rachel. Obviously something was really bothering her.

And despite my less than amorous feelings towards her now, I had still spent a year with this girl. I wasn't made of ice after all. I put my arm around her shoulders and she buried her face in my jacket. "Hey now. Calm down and tell me what's wrong," I said soothingly, rubbing my hand up and down her back.

She pressed into me and cried nosily. I held her lightly, not wanting to give her the wrong idea. I waited for her to stop crying before I asked her again what was wrong. She sat back and wiped at the dripping mascara on her face.

"My mom told me before I came here tonight that she and my dad are splitting up," she wailed and started to sob again. Well crap. I could empathize with her break-down. I used my thumbs to wipe the tears from her cheeks.

"It'll be alright. I know it sucks right now, but you always told me how much they fought. So this is probably the best thing for everyone," I reasoned, watching her sniffle. Kylie's vulnerability was a rare sight. I felt bad for her, understanding completely what she was going through. And even though she wasn't my girlfriend anymore, I could be here for her as a friend.

I put my hand in my pocket, looking for my phone so I could send a text to Rachel, letting her know what was going on. Then I realized I had left my phone in the truck. Kylie had started crying again. "I just can't go back in there! Will you stay with me? Please," Kylie begged, clutching at my hand.

Well damn. I couldn't very well leave her. I'd just explain to Rachel when I got back inside. She would understand. At least I hoped so.

So I stayed with Kylie outside, talking to her, trying to get her to calm down. After awhile, when she had finally stopped crying, I asked Kylie what time it was. "Eleven," she said, pulling her phone out of her purse.

I jumped to my feet. "Shit, I've got to get back inside." Christ! Who knew what Rachel was thinking. I was such a dick!

Before I could leave, Kylie grabbed my arm. "Thank you so much, Danny. You've made me feel a lot better," she told me sincerely. I gave her a genuine smile.

"Good, I'm glad. And if you need anything, just let me know." Then before I realized what was happening, Kylie had latched herself around me, her lips pressing against mine. I could feel her tongue begging for entrance and I felt a momentary weakening. This was familiar. This was habit.

This was not what I wanted anymore.

I peeled her arms away from my neck and held her away from me. "I'll be there as a friend if you want, Kylie. But nothing else. That part of our relationship is over," I told her, trying to be gentle but firm.

Kylie's eyes started to well up with tears again, but I was unswayed. All I could think about was getting back to Rachel. I needed to be with her again. It was nuts how much I missed her when we weren't together.

And looking at this girl who I had thought I had loved for so long, I realized that my feelings for Kylie were nowhere close to what I felt for Rachel.

"I've got to go," I said. Kylie didn't try to stop me.

Not that there was a point to run back inside.

Rachel had left.

Chapter Nine

~Rachel~

God, it sucked to be right all the time. I knew Danny would crush my heart. And darned if I wasn't right. He had ripped it right out of my chest and smashed it on the floor. Fall Formal had been a complete and utter disaster. What an idiot I had been in thinking it was the chance for Daniel and me to really be together.

I should have known he'd always yo-yo back to Kylie. He did each and every time. Why had I been surprised? We seemed to have been playing this song and dance for so long already and my part was firmly laid out.

My aside would read, The love struck best friend stands on the sidelines, watching the happy couple go off together. Her face crumbles as she realizes she never had a chance.

Daniel had been blowing up my phone since I had left the dance. I had gotten a ride with Ray and Claire. I hadn't even bothered to tell Danny I was leaving. Especially considering the last time I had seen him, he and Kylie were having quite the reconciliation. I had known instantly where that was heading and I didn't want to be left there, ditched and humiliated.

Particularly after Maggie had taken off after Clay.

And there was the other side to this big ol' mess.

Maggie and Clay were a time bomb waiting to go off. I knew the guy had issues. I had seen first-hand how all over the place he was. But when he had gone off at the dance because Maggie was dancing with Luke Tyler, it had seriously freaked me out.

And the way she had taken off after him, without a thought to anything else, scared the crap out of me. I had followed her outside with every intention of using bodily restraint to stop her from making, what I was sure was a horrible mistake.

But then I had seen Kylie and Daniel kissing out by the parking lot and that had been it. Put a fork in me, I was done.

So I had begged Ray to give me a lift. I was done with standing there like an idiot while my friends made crappy life decisions. I had gone home and went straight to bed.

The next morning, my mom had come into my room. "How was the dance?" she had asked me as I sat up in bed. My head was killing me and I knew the headache came from the ridiculous amount of crying from the night before.

I sighed and my mom had grimaced. "That bad, huh?" she said, reaching out to touch my arm. "What happened?" she asked me and I couldn't help the look of surprise that I gave her. I couldn't remember the last time she and I had a heart to heart about my life. She was either too busy or too exhausted to worry much about what I was doing.

"You don't need to worry about my boy drama, Mom. Did you just get home from work? You must be tired." I tried to shift the focus of the conversation elsewhere. I really didn't feel liked rehashing my humiliation from the night before. My mom made a pained expression.

"I haven't been the best mom lately, have I?" she asked me, gripping her hands tightly together in her lap. I widened my eyes. What in the world brought this on? I was feeling emotionally raw and wasn't entirely sure I could handle this discussion right now.

"You do the best you can," I answered diplomatically. But I really meant it. While, yes I did feel bitter and resentful at times, deep down I understood she was doing all that she could for Kaitlyn and me.

"But sometimes you need more than that." My mom took one of my hands in hers. "Talk to me, Rachel. Maybe your ol' ma could give you some advice. I know I've made some pretty horrible choices in my life, but I remember what it's like to be young." Her smile, while weak, was genuine.

I needed to unload the weight from my heart so badly. Maggie was out of the question. Not with the state of her love life. And I wasn't close enough to anyone else to really talk to them. And I did want to talk to my mother. I wanted to repair that part of our relationship. That part that knew I could come to her no matter what.

So I told her. All about Daniel. My feelings for him, the seesaw of our relationship. The way he ditched me, once again last night, to go off with Kylie. When I was done, I could feel the tears drying on my cheeks from where they had fallen during my story.

My mother reached over to my bedside table and grabbed a couple of tissues. She gently rubbed them across my face, wiping the wetness away. "Sweetheart, I'm so sorry." I leaned my head down until it rested on her shoulder. Her arm came up to wrap around me and she held me tight against her, the same way she had when I was a little girl.

We were quiet for a while. I soaked up the comfort she so willingly gave me. Finally, she lifted my chin with her fingers. "Rachel, you put everyone and everything above what you want. Your friends, your family. Somewhere along the way you've gotten it in your head that your feelings and wants are second fiddle to what everyone else feels and wants. I know that's my fault. But darling, you are an amazing, loving, loyal girl who should only have the best in life." My mom's smile was soft as she looked at me and the tears started all over again.

"I just want to be the only thing he sees. I want to feel like we're walking on clouds when we're together. That I'm the girl he wants," I whispered, feeling completely bare by my confession.

"Baby girl, you deserve some cloud walkin'." I snorted at her statement.

"Cloud walking, huh?" I teased, feeling a little better from our conversation. I never thought I'd see the day where any sort of advice from my mom would make me feel anything other than annoyed and frustrated. But here we were. Me a mess and her a mess. But together we made a weird sort of sense.

"Yes, Rach. Cloud walking. And don't settle for anything less," she had told me firmly.

"Thanks, Mom," I said and she had left not long after that but I didn't forget what she said. Because it had hit home for me. She was right...I did deserve some cloud walking, darn it!

Daniel called me about twenty times on Sunday. I had hit ignore each and every time. Maggie had called and I had reluctantly answered. She had been all excited and giddy that she and Clay had decided to take their relationship to the next level.

There was no point in me trying to talk sense into her. To remind her of the ugly side Clay obviously had. Because she wouldn't have listened. And I was through wasting my breath.

Monday had been borderline painful. I had never felt lonely at school. I was pretty well liked and Daniel and Maggie were a constant source of company. That had very suddenly changed. I was avoiding Danny like the plague and Maggie was so deeply immersed in Clayton Reed land that I barely saw her.

Daniel had tracked me down right before lunch. I knew it was only a matter of time until he found me. Though I was proud of how effectively I had avoided him up until then. He came jogging down the hallway toward me and I looked around, wondering if I could make a break for it.

"Hey, is your phone broken? I've been trying to reach you all weekend," he said, looking at me with confusion and more than a little hurt in those beautiful blue eyes. No! I would not notice how pretty his stupid eyes were!

"Nah. I just wasn't feeling too great. Spent the day vegging out in front of the TV," I lied, forcing myself to look at him blankly. Daniel's face showed concern and he put his hand to my cheek.

"You feeling better?" he asked softly. His eyes looked into mine and I swear I could feel something different there. But then all I had to do was remember him and Kylie kissing on Saturday and I pulled away.

"Yeah, I'm fine," I said, grabbing my lunch and heading toward the cafeteria. Daniel fell into step beside me. His fingers casually brushed mine as we walked and I felt my face get warm. We were about to go into the lunch room when he grabbed a hold of my arm and pulled me to a stop.

"Is that why you left on Saturday without saying anything? Because you were feeling sick? Because you know, I would have taken you home. Hell, I would have made you chicken soup and everything. I can be a good little nurse when I want to." Daniel's lips quirked in a flirty smile but I couldn't summon my own in response.

"You were busy. Ray took me, it was no big deal," I said blandly. I didn't let on at how hurt I had been by him ditching me. I didn't reveal that I had seen Kylie wrapped around him like a vine. No sense in dredging it up.

Daniel frowned and lifted his hand as though he wanted to touch my face but then dropped it back to his side. "I'm never too busy for you. Look, I'm sorry I left you for a while...but I had to take care of some things," he explained, his fingers wrapping around my wrist.

I pulled out of his grasp and looked away. "Yeah, I could see that." So much for hiding my bitterness. And I had been doing so well too.

Daniel rubbed the top of his head in agitation. "Rach. Seriously. It's not what it looked like. You see Kylie and I...well..." I held up my hand, cutting him off.

"Spare me the gory details, please. Let's go eat." I started to walk into the cafeteria.

"Rachel, please let me explain," Daniel pleaded, grabbing for my arm again. Before he could say anything else, we were both pulled up short by the sight that greeted us at our lunch table.

"What the hell?" Daniel growled. That was a good question. Clay and Maggie sat there, wrapped around each other as though they were one freaking person. Well, this would make for an interesting lunch.

"Play nice, Danny," I warned. Daniel had let out a huff but followed me silently to the table. Our earlier conversation had been forgotten as we tried to get used to the fact that Maggie was now part of a "we." The differences in her were astounding and I tried not to freak out over it. But there was a possessiveness in the way she and Clay were together. A neediness that was a little hard to stomach. It was very obvious that they loved each other. But their love was a little scary. Because it consumed everything around them until that's all either of them saw. They lived in their own little Maggie and Clay world and the rest of us didn't even compute.

Now that they were officially together, everything else took a back seat. Absolutely everything. The weeks passed and it only got worse. I watched as my best friend slowly become someone else. A girl who's entire world focused on the boy she was with. I never thought I'd see the day Maggie would become that girl. But she was happy. Or at least she claimed to be every time I asked her. But I stopped digging into their relationship, because she became rabid about it. As though I had no right to go there. Hello! I was supposed to be her best friend! Wasn't that my job?

Daniel never did finish "explaining" things to me. Okay, so maybe I never really gave him a chance to. But I wasn't sure I wanted to hear whatever he had to tell me. Though I did notice that he and Kylie were decidedly not together. I could only assume that she dropped him...once again. I wanted to feel self-righteously smug about that. But I didn't. I just felt empty.

So, here we were, three weeks post dance, sitting all together in our strange little group, full of awkward tension. Maggie and Clay were practically in each other's laps while I worked really hard to pretend Danny wasn't two feet away from me. Daniel was obviously way passed trying to make small talk, so he ate in surly silence. I was actually surprised he continued to eat with us, considering he had other friends. Ones that he didn't have this tension with.

But he staunchly stayed at our table. I guess I had to give him props for that.

I was trying to choke down my sandwich while not watching as Clay kissed the side of Maggie's neck. Even though, I didn't like the whole obsessive nature of their relationship, even I couldn't deny how at times they were almost beautiful together. The way he brushed the hair off her shoulder so he could put his lips on the skin just below her ear. How she leaned into him, closing her eyes as he whispered something only she could hear.

I wasn't going all Peeping Tom, I swear. But it was like watching a love story unfold in front of my eyes. If I forgot about the way Maggie seemed to be losing herself to Clay in a way that bordered on unhealthy, I could appreciate the genuine affection between them...even if I didn't like the rest of what I witnessed in their relationship.

Daniel made a gagging noise and I looked up at him to make sure he was all right. He was giving Maggie and Clay a look of annoyance. "Ugh! Can you guys get a room already?" he bit out. Maggie pulled away from Clay and I saw the look of guilt flash across her face.

I couldn't resist being a bit of a bitch. "Oh shut it, Daniel. You're just jealous. Just because Kylie has cut you loose...again," I said a little hatefully. Daniel's eyes met mine and they were anything but warm. They were cold as ice as he curled his lip. I smirked and he looked away. Though my momentary sense of victory was lost as I realized how badly our friendship was suffering.

I had this horrible feeling that we might never recover from this nasty detour we had taken. My feelings had morphed into nothing but bitterness and anger while Daniel seemed to be pulling away a little more each day. I had never felt so far away from my friends. We had been joined at the hip our entire lives and now we were like three separate spokes on the wheel. Forever circling, never touching. Was this the future of our friendship? To drift apart until nothing remained of the bond we used to have?

God, what a depressing thought.

I barely listened as Clay piped up and mentioned going to some cabin. Huh? What was he talking about?

"Well, Ruby's girlfriend, Lisa has a cabin down by Franklin Lake. Maybe we could go down for the night. Like, say the Saturday after Thanksgiving? I mean, it's really nice. With satellite TV and a huge Jacuzzi tub. It could be a lot of fun."

Ugh...a night in a cabin with the touchy-feely couple and Mr. Man of my Dreams/Nightmares. I'm not sure I was up for that. So I tried to get out of it. And then somehow I ended up agreeing. Well, this had the makings of a huge mistake.

Maggie proceeded to ream both Danny and I out over our lack of effort in making nice with Clay. Whatever...I was trying. Unlike some people (ahem, Daniel). I was always nice to people, even the ones I wasn't so sure about. But I could do smiley happy if I was forced to, I suppose.

And then things just got crazy. Jake Fitzsimmons sat down and started flirting with Maggie like he always did. It was no secret he'd been trying to get with her for years. Though it was partially Maggie's fault for hooking up with him so many times in the past. Every time she threw him a bone, he amped up his efforts that much more. And Jake wasn't one to care whether she had a boyfriend or not.

One minute Jake and Maggie were laughing and joking together. The next minute they weren't. And that was because Clay was freaking out. And causing a major scene. Daniel and I glanced at each other with mirrored looks of shock and outrage on our faces. I tried to intervene but even I backed down a bit at the cold and angry look in Clay's eyes.

After Clay stormed off, Danny and I tried to reason with Maggie. But all she did was defend him.

"No, everything will be fine. Come on, you guys would be pissed if you saw someone flirting with your boyfriend or girlfriend. He was just surprised is all," she pleaded with us, trying to make us back off. But how could we? What we had just witnessed wasn't normal.

Daniel gripped the table and leaned forward, making his words pointed and clear. " No, I can't say I've ever had that sort of reaction before. I swear, if he ever puts a hand on you..." he began and I could see the vein bulging on the side of his neck. He was really upset and I knew him well enough to know that it was taking a considerable amount of willpower not to go after Clay and beat some sense into him.

Maggie cut him off. "That's enough, Danny. Clay would never hurt me."

Daniel and I looked at each other again. For the first time in weeks, we were on exactly the same page. Maggie left as soon as the bell rang, while Danny and I gathered up our trays. "I seriously want to kick that dude's ass," Daniel seethed, dumping his trash out.

He and I walked together to our lockers. "Just calm down, Danny. Using his face as your punching bag won't help anything," I reasoned. I understood that this had brought out his protective streak and it was going to be hard to rein that back in.

"That was some messed up shit, Rach. What are we going to do?" Daniel asked, looking helpless. I sighed and leaned against my locker, crossing my arms over my chest. I knew Danny was looking to me for advice. I always had the answer. A way to smooth things over. But this time, I didn't know what to do.

"If we push her, it'll only make it worse. But we need to keep an eye on things. And if we have to...we go to her parents," I said, feeling sick at the thought of betraying Maggie like that. But I would do it in a heartbeat if things got any crazier.

Daniel leaned into my personal space, looking down at me. We were close. Too close and my breath caught in my throat. His eyes were soft as they caressed my face. I felt that look as though it were his fingers on my skin.

"Love shouldn't make you feel like that. It should be as natural as breathing. It should happen between two people because it grew there out of something beautiful. And it should never make you feel the way Maggie is feeling right now," he said, his eyes never leaving me. I could tell he wanted to touch me and his eyes never wavered.

My face grew hot and my heart started to beat fast. The moment that was building became too much and I had to shut it down. We needed to be a strong team for Maggie. And if I started caving to these out of control emotions that only Danny was able to stir up, it would create nothing but problems.

I moved to the side, putting some distance between us. I cracked a smile and let out a fake snort of laughter. "Wow, when did you get so deep?" I joked, hoping like hell to break the tension that was mounting between us.

Daniel blinked a few times and then seemed to snap himself out of whatever spell he had been under. His mouth moved upwards in a half smile, though it didn't reach his eyes. "That's me...deep," he mused, the smile dropping as soon as it appeared. He stared at me for another minute and then rubbed his face with his hand.

"I'd better get to class," he said. I nodded.

"Yeah, me too." Danny looked at me again and I thought I'd launch myself at him if he continued to stare at me like that.

"Okay then. I'll talk to you later," he said finally and with that, walked away. But for a moment...there had been some serious cloud walking going on.

Chapter Ten

~Daniel~

The evening wasn't going so great. Sure, we were at this amazing cabin in the middle of nowhere, but Maggie had already jumped down my throat for being a "prick" to Rachel. Which was ridiculous because it wasn't my fault Rachel was being so moody. She had barely said two words to me since we had gotten there. And it wasn't getting any better.

But being the jovial fellow that I am, I was trying to make the best of it. Hell, I'd even attempted some bonding with Clay when we went to the store for provisions. When he wasn't up Maggie's ass, he was actually a pretty cool guy. A dude I might even be friends with. So that was something.

But then he had to go and start being an ass to Maggie again, which, of course, made her upset. She tried to hide what was going on, but I could see what was brewing. It was the same shit that always went down with them. And it was getting harder and harder not to intervene. I knew Maggie would hate me for it, but this shit was getting out of hand.

And Rachel...God! I wish I could do something, anything that didn't piss her off. I missed her like crazy. I missed the easy way we were together. The way she always got me, even when I didn't get myself. I missed hanging out with her while she watched her sister and laughing at some stupid television show.

Fuck me! I wanted her back in my life so badly I thought I'd explode. But things had changed so drastically between us I didn't think that would ever happen. I had lost one of my best friends because of my own stupidity. Because I was too scared to risk following my heart and perhaps getting something even better in the process.

Because I loved Rachel Marie Bradfield. I realize now that I had loved her for a long time. At one time, I was certain she had felt the same. But now...I wasn't so sure. She was so angry and bitter. And I felt sure I was the cause.

So, yeah...I was losing one best friend because I was too scared to admit out loud that I loved her. I was too scared of the possible rejection and fall out. And I was losing my other best friend because her love was eating her alive.

Love definitely sucked.

I found myself going a bit overboard to try to make up for the fact that I was miserable inside. I was too drunk. Too loud. My jokes too forced.

Then my phone rang. And it was Kylie. She'd been calling me for days. I had been stupid and let her come over last week. She'd tried to hook up again but I had smacked that possibility firmly into the ground. I thought she would have gotten the hint after the dance but she was anything if not tenacious.

I was sure her attempts at getting me back had more to do with the fact that I wasn't as easily accessible as I had been in the past. The whole wanting something you can't have thing. I had been trying to be nice about it, but my patience had grown considerably thin.

So after the shitty day I had had, I was ready to nail this coffin shut. I excused myself from the group to answer the call, prepared to end this once and for all.

"Kylie. Seriously, this is getting old," I said in way of greeting.

Kylie sighed on the other end. "Please, Danny. I've been so stupid. I just want another chance. With everything going on with my parents, it made me realize how great we are together," she pleaded. She was coming at me with all of her ammo. But I wasn't having it.

"We've been over this already. What you and I had is over. I'll always care about you, but I'm done. If you need to talk about your parents, I'm here. As friends," I told her shortly. Having this same conversation over and over again was exhausting. I wanted to get back to my friends. To the good time I had been trying to have.

I could tell Kylie had started to cry and that made me feel like total shit. Until I remembered that Kylie used tears like a weapon. She knew I was a sucker for them, so she was going in for the kill. "Kylie, come on. Stop crying. You'll be fine. You'll get through this stuff with your folks. But us...together...that didn't work so well. So let's just shoot it and put it out of its misery," I said, trying for humor to lighten things.

That only made Kylie cry harder. "But I need you, Danny!" she wailed. I rolled my eyes. She was laying it on pretty thick. I blew out a breath and decided enough was enough.

"Give it a rest, Kylie. You know as well as I do that the only reason you're putting so much effort into getting me back is because for the first time, I'm not running to you with my f**king tail between my legs. You don't care about me. It's the fact that I'm not grabbing the carrot you're dangling that's the problem. So suck it up and move on." My voice rose and I could feel the surge of anger.

The crying stopped instantly. "You are a complete ass**le, Daniel Lowe. With everything I've got going on, I can't believe you're treating me like this. I wasted so much time with you. And just so you know, I've been sleeping with Logan for the last year and a half," she threw at me.

It wasn't like her words were exactly a surprise. I knew she wanted them to hurt. Too bad for her, I couldn't give a crap. "Well, go blow up his phone then," I said just before I hung up. I smiled down at the dark screen. Damn, that felt good. I shoved the phone in my pocket and headed back to the living room just in time to see Rachel heading toward the hallway.

"Where are you going? We've got a game to win," I said jokingly, not wanting Rachel to leave. I could tell she was upset and call it a hunch, but I knew that I was the reason. I wanted to reach out and hold her. To tell her to stop being so silly because I wanted her and only her. But I was so damned scared to take that step. To screw up things even more than I already had.

But Rachel was beyond angry. Beyond upset. "You know what, Daniel. I'm f**king done." And that made me angry. Because I didn't want her to be "done." I wanted to hear, from her, why she was so mad at me all the time. I was sick of the games. Sick of the drama. I just wanted everything to quiet the f**k down so I could think around this crazy buzzing in my head.

Maggie immediately intervened but I cut her off. "No, Maggie. Let her say what she wants to say. Obviously I've pissed her off, again." Okay, so I sounded like a dick. I didn't mean to sound like an insensitive ass but I just didn't know what else to do.

Rachel got up in my face. Her mouth was an inch from mine and we were both breathing heavily. I couldn't stop myself from looking down at her lips and thinking about tasting them. God, I wanted to taste them.

"Damn straight you pissed me off! I'm so sick of watching you go back and forth with that skank!" I was tired of her throwing Kylie in my face. Particularly when it was a complete moot point. If she'd just let me explain, for once... But I was pissed too and I didn't handle that well.

"What the hell is it to you?" I growled as I watched Maggie and Clay try to lead Rachel away. I was goading her, I knew that. But I wanted to hear what she'd say. I wanted to know what she was thinking, more than I wanted anything.

Maggie glared at me and told me to back off. Clay positioned himself between us, which was even more exasperating. Why was this dude interfering? It was none of his damn business.

Then Rachel was telling me I walked all over her and I was telling her she was my friend. That I wanted to know what I had done wrong and then it happened.

"Yes, we're friends! But damn you, Daniel! I love you! I'm tired of you hurting me!" Rachel cried out, covering her face with her hands. I stood there completely dumbstruck. She loved me? She loved me! But I needed confirmation. I needed to make sure I heard that correctly and that it meant the same thing to her as it did to me. I stared at Rachel, willing her to look at me, but she kept her face covered. Her shoulders shaking with sobs that ripped my heart out. So I turned to Maggie.

"She loves me? What the hell is she talking about?" Please, just tell me what I want to hear, I begged my friend silently. Rachel tore away from Clay and Maggie and ran down the hallway to our room. Away from me. And then I couldn't take anymore.

So I punched the stupid f**king wall. I knew it was a shitty thing to do, but I just couldn't keep it all inside anymore. And then I freaking left. I walked out into the freezing snow. I needed to get away from all of them. Away from the craziness.

I headed to the lake and sagged down on a bench. I didn't feel the cold. I was too caught up in my erratic thoughts. Rachel loved me. Once she said that, it all clicked into place and I knew without a shadow of a doubt that I wanted her. I wanted a chance at happiness...with her. But I was worried that I had messed that all up. How do I approach her now and say, Hey there, I love you too...wanna be my girlfriend?

Maggie found me a few minutes later and she talked me off of that cliff, just like she always did. She convinced me that I needed to go talk to Rachel. That I needed to sort things out. I didn't lay things out for Maggie and admit how deep my feelings were for Rachel. Call it dumb pride, but I didn't want to admit all that and then have my heart broken publicly by Rachel's rejection. I was too unsure of how things were going to go.

I hadn't realized Clay was standing there until I got up to walk back into the house. He didn't look happy, but the truth was the dude rarely looked happy and my mind was focused on the girl inside. The girl who could shred my guts in an instant.

So I made my way back into the house. I slowly walked down the hallway and stopped outside the door to the room we were sharing. Should I knock?

Screw it. I pushed open the door and went inside...and froze. Rachel was curled in the middle of the bed, her chin tucked into her chest, looking completely destroyed. Had I done that to her? Oh lord, I didn't want to do that to her.

I had told her love shouldn't make you feel like that and here I was making her f**king feel like that. That ends now. Tonight. I didn't care about the damn consequences. I needed Rachel to know how I felt, that the hurting had to stop.

I sat down on the edge of the bed and looked at her. She was so beautiful. Had I never really appreciated how incredibly gorgeous she was? Even with her face red and splotchy from tears, she was the most intensely amazing thing I had ever seen. My life began and ended with her. She was the one who always made me feel like I was able to put one foot in front of the other. She was the one who had held my hand as I cried (as much as I had tried to hide it) after breaking my arm in the second grade. She was the one who had brought me soup last year when I was sick with mono. She was the one who had kept me company in the dark days after my parents split up. Maggie was my best friend too. But Rachel had always been that something more.

This girl was my rock...my heart. My everything. I had been such an idiot for so long. Why did I ever think Kylie could mean to me what she did? I realized now that these feelings had always been there. I had always known on some basic level, that Rachel was the girl for me. But I had allowed too many things to get in the way of that.

Not any longer.

She could tell me to go to hell. She could kick me in the balls and say that she hated me. But I wasn't leaving. I would love her until she realized that together we were something great. Something perfect. Something forever.

I reached out and put my hand on her arm. She didn't move away but she didn't look at me either.

"Rach," I said softly. She didn't say anything, those horrible tears still making their silent trek down her face. "Please Rach. Look at me," I begged her, my voice catching as my throat closed up on the well of emotion that threatened to drown me.

Something in my tone must have broken through because she finally looked at me. Her dark eyes meeting mine and I hated myself for the hurt and sadness there. I swore I would make all of that go away. I would never make her feel like this again.

"What do you want, Danny?" she asked tiredly, sitting up.

What did I want?

"You," I let out in a breath. Crap. I can't believe I just said that.

Rachel's eyes widened. "What?" she asked in disbelief.

I scooted forward on the bed until our knees were touching. "I've been an ass. A complete and total ass. I've hurt you over and over again. All I can say is, I'm sorry. I've been blind to what's right in front of me for so damn long." My voice was a hushed whisper. I leaned forward and put my hand around the back of Rachel's neck, tugging her gently toward me. "I'm so, so sorry. Can you forgive the dumbest guy on the planet for not realizing that the most perfect girl for him was here all along?" I asked her, staring into her beautiful eyes.

She took in a sharp breath. My fingers pressed into her skin and I wanted desperately to pull her forward that fraction of an inch so I could kiss her. But not yet. Not until I heard what she had to say.

"Danny," she said in an agonized groan, pulling away from me. My stomach lurched. This is what I had been scared of. Her rejection. I squeezed my eyes shut, trying not to lose my shit right here. And by lose my shit, I mean cry like a little baby.

"Danny," she said again, this time more forcefully. I opened my eyes and she was frowning at me. Never a good sign. "What do you expect me to say?" she asked me, her voice hurt and angry. Her face started to flush and I saw the red creeping up her neck. I knew I was in for it.

I opened my mouth to answer her but she cut in. "How dare you come in here, after everything and lay that crap out like that! What about Kylie? What about the millions of times I practically handed myself over only to have you push me away like I didn't f**king matter!" she screeched. Oh man, she used the f-bomb. Rachel rarely cussed. I wondered if it was too late to duck for cover.

"Rachel. I'm..."

"Sorry? You're sorry? Well that's not good enough, Daniel!" she yelled, jumping to her feet. My mouth hung open as she started to pace around the room. She gripped her hands into fists as she let out everything she was feeling. I could admit I was freaked out. But I was also perversely turned on by it. Because she was hot when she was pissed. There was something seriously wrong with me.

"I have loved you since I was five, Danny! Five! And for the last twelve years, I have had to sit back and watch you date these girls that were never good enough for you. When all I wanted was for once! Just once, for you to look at me the way you looked at them! And now here you are, after all this time...telling me you want me? And you think I'm just going to jump into your arms and count my lucky stars that you deign me worthy of your attention? Well tough luck, buddy! I want more for myself than to be someone's...AFTERTHOUGHT! I deserve some cloud walking, darn it!" Her words while started off strong, ended in a quiet kind of confession.

Cloud walking? What the hell was that?

But then I thought about what she had just told me. And I knew I had to make this right. Now.

I got to my feet and moved until I was standing directly in front of her. I carefully and ever so slowly put my hands on her shoulders. "Rachel. Just listen to me for a second," I told her, waiting for her to settle down so I knew she was listening.

Rachel took a deep breath and looked up at me. Tears coated her lashes and made her big, brown eyes look even larger. "I have had my head so far up my own ass I couldn't see anything. Kylie was a mistake. Every other girl who wasn't you was a mistake. But Rachel, I think I've loved you just as long," I admitted. She snorted and shook her head in disbelief.

"Give me a break. Sure, you loved me...while you were screwing Kylie, right?"

Ouch. Okay, I deserved that.

"I was looking for something. At first, I thought it was just the sex. Hell, I'm a guy and I make bad choices where my dick is concerned. But the truth is, I've never felt that thing with Kylie. Sure, I liked being with her some of the time. I even thought it might be love. But looking at it now, with clear eyes, I know that was never the case. I never once lost sleep at night when she was mad at me. Yeah, I always tried to make things right, but it more about making my life easier than making her happy. But I never agonized over ways to make her feel better when she was sad. I never thought of a million ways to make her smile." Rachel's eyes were shiny again and I knew it was a matter of time until she was crying again. So I needed to make this quick.

"But Rachel, every time you hurt, I hurt. Particularly, when I'm the cause of it. I've been an insensitive jerk. But I need you to know that you are all I can think about. That you give me freaking butterflies in my stomach. That when we're together I feel like..."

"Cloud walking." Rachel grinned.

"Huh?" I asked, cocking my eyebrow at her.

Rachel sniffed and shook her head. "It's just something my mom said. You know that feeling when you're on top of the world, like you could walk on the clouds," she explained.

I nodded and cupped her face with my hand. "Cloud walking. I like that. And yeah, that's exactly how you make me feel. Like my feet will never touch the ground."

Rachel's entire body seemed to relax. Maybe, just maybe she wasn't going to kick me in the balls.

"So what do you say? Should we give this thing between you and me a try? Just give me a chance. You're already the best thing in my life...I just want you to be the best thing in my life as my girlfriend." I was being super cheesy but I couldn't help it.

Rachel's answering grin made my heart speed up. "Your girlfriend, huh?" Then her eyes shadowed over. "What if it all ends badly? What if we ruin our friendship?" she asked with worry.

And then I just couldn't wait any longer to taste her. I leaned forward and put my lips to hers. She held absolutely still until my mouth slanted over hers again and my tongue began to tease its way inside her sweet lips. God, she was more delicious than I had imagined.

I pulled away just as she started to kiss me back. Our foreheads touched and I looked into her eyes. "How could you and me end badly? We're already the most amazing thing ever." I could see her melt and as I took her mouth with mine again, I knew I was right. This was the most amazing thing ever.

Chapter Eleven

~ Rachel~

We were together. And it was beautiful. I never imagined Daniel and I could be so incredible. I had always hoped it would be like this. This total fusion of my dreams with real life. It was tempting to wake up every morning and pinch myself.

We fell into dating the same way we had fallen into our friendship. Like it had always been there. The seamless transition in our relationship seemed to take us both by surprise. The first morning after our trip to the cabin, Daniel picked me up for school, as we had agreed the night before.

I had answered the door and he had leaned inside, kissing me softly on the mouth. "Morning baby," he had whispered against my lips, making me smile. There was no awkwardness in the endearment. No strangeness at the new greeting. It was natural. It was perfect.

Even though we quickly progressed in the physical side our relationship, we didn't flaunt it at school. Even if it was really hard to resist mauling his face when that was all I had wanted to do for most of my life. But we held hands and touched each other discreetly. But, as with most things, we were on the same page and both agreed that launching into full on coupledom might make it harder on certain people.

Well, certain people being Maggie.

Because even though Danny and I were blissfully happy, things weren't going so great for her and Clay. In fact, after our trip to the cabin and her subsequent grounding (thanks Mom!), their relationship seemed to spiral downward pretty quickly.

Daniel and I were at my house one day after school a few weeks later, making a pretense of doing our homework but instead spent most of the time exploring each other's mouths.

"Danny, we've got to get our work done." I laughed as his hand moved up my shirt. He cupped my breast, making me moan. I had never done more than kiss another guy before. But this felt right. Daniel trailed hot kisses down the side of my neck as I pressed into his body.

I knew that my mom and Kaitlyn would be home at any moment, but it was impossible to tear myself away. My hands gripped the back of his head as he pulled the collar of my shirt down and started to trace his mouth along the upper edge of my bra.

"You are so f**king gorgeous," he breathed as his tongue started to taste the sensitive flesh the piece of fabric was covering. I probably would have gotten both of us naked in ten point two seconds if we hadn't heard my mother and Kaitlin walking through the kitchen door at that exact moment.

Danny and I jumped apart so fast we both started laughing.

"What's so funny?" my mom asked as she poked her head into the room. She arched her eyebrow and giving us a knowing look. Daniel and I glanced at each other again, barely able to wipe the ridiculous grins from our faces.

"Nothing, Mom," I said unconvincingly.

"Hmm," my mom said, still looking between us. I noticed that Daniel had placed his Chemistry book strategically over the crotch of his pants and I tried to discreetly rearrange my shirt under my mother's eagle eye. She finally just shook her head and started to head back into the kitchen.

"Get in here and help unload the groceries, you two." she called out. I groaned and Daniel let out a deep breath.

I leaned over and kissed the side of his neck and he growled low in his throat. "Stop that shit. I don't want to walk in there with a tent in my pants. I'd probably poke your mom's eye out." His lips stretched into a self-satisfied grin and I smacked his arm.

"Wow, someone is a little confident in their endowments, I see." Danny grabbed me under the arms and pulled me into his lap, making me squeal.

"We can play show and tell with my endowments later, if you wanna." He wiggled his eyebrows at me and I laughed. I jumped off his lap and started to make my way into the kitchen, calling over my shoulder.

"I'll give you a minute...you know, so there aren't any eye poking accidents." Daniel flipped me the middle finger and I laughed again before rounding the corner.

My mom pointed to the bags by the refrigerator and I started to unload them. "So, I ran into Laura at the store." I looked over at my mom wondering why she was sharing that particular story. It wasn't unusual for her to bump into Maggie's mom. We did live in the same town.

"Okay," I said slowly, waiting for her to continue.

My mom walked over and pulled a frozen lasagna from the bag in my hands and took it out of its packaging. "She looked a wreck. I don't think I've ever seen Laura look like that." I could hear my mom's worry for her old friend and that in turn made me worry.

"Really? Why? Is everything okay?" I asked turning to watch Mom as she put the oven on and placed the lasagna inside. Daniel came in at that moment and pulled out a chair at the kitchen table, sitting down beside Kaitlin who beamed up at him with a megawatt smile.

He ruffled her hair in a brotherly way, much to her chagrin, before turning his attention to us. "Is what okay?" he asked, leaning backwards in his chair.

My mom pushed the back of his chair so that it sat on the floor. "A chair has four legs for a reason, Daniel," she said sternly but with a barely concealed smile. Everyone loved Danny. It was that ridiculous charm of his.

After unloading the bags, I turned on the coffee pot and made a cup for my mom. I handed her the steaming mug and she thanked me before finishing her story. "She mentioned that things weren't good with Maggie," my mom said, looking between Daniel and me.

"Maggie? What do you mean?" I asked, shooting glance in Daniel's direction. He met my gaze and we shared an unspoken communication. We had a damn good idea what this was about. Maggie had been slowly pulling inward. We had cornered her last week and demanded to know what was going on. She finally admitted that she and Clay had broken up.

I hate to admit how relieved I was. Did that make me a bad friend? That I'd rather see her miserable than with the guy she loved? Daniel and I talked a lot about it and he felt the exact same way. We had tried. Honest and truly tried to get behind their relationship. But witnessing the slow deterioration of your best friend was a hard thing to stomach.

Watching Maggie's love for Clay tear her apart, I couldn't help but draw comparisons to my own new and blossoming relationship. Sure, it had taken us a long time to get here, with our fair share of hurt feelings and tears. But now that we had found our way to each other, the miscommunication, insecurities and doubts had disappeared. Daniel and I were sure in the feelings we had for each other and there wasn't a day that went by that I didn't know how much he cared about me.

I wanted that for Maggie so desperately. I wanted her to have that lighter than air feeling when she and Clay were together. Instead, she felt nothing but the weight of their dysfunction. Because that's what they were; dysfunctional. I wasn't sure why. Maggie would never say what Clay's deal was. Why he was so hot and cold, up and down. I had my theories but not ones that I shared with her. If she wanted to tell me, she would. Until then, Danny and I supported her as best we could. Even as she pushed us away.

Since that day we had cornered her, Maggie seemed to be trying. But her "trying" was really kind of pathetic. Because her heart wasn't in it. And she was still half of the person she used to be.

My mom stirred some more sugar into her coffee before taking a drink. "Laura says she's depressed. That ever since she and that boy she was dating broke up, she barely talks to either her or Marty. She stays in her room most of the time, and is barely eating. She's apparently having these nightmares where she wakes up screaming. Laura was a complete mess. I think it would be good if you guys try to get Maggie out of the house more often."

Daniel and I traded glances again. My mom had no idea how much we badgered our friend. "Sure Mom," I agreed, feeling like maybe we did need to step up our game a bit. After my mom finished her coffee, she went to go get changed for work.

Daniel stayed in the kitchen to help Kaitlin with her homework and I went back to my room to get my English notes for the essay I had to work on. I was rooting through my book bag when my mom stopped in my doorway, already changed into her scrubs.

"How late is Danny planning to stay?" she asked. I looked at her in surprise. His being at the house had never been an issue before. My mom rolled her eyes. "Please, Rach. I'm not an idiot. I can see you guys are dating. So, of course that changes how late he can stay. I don't need to be a grandmother before forty, thank you very much."

I made a choking noise and my mom let out a gruff laugh. "I'm glad the two of you got everything figured out. And he's being good to you, right?" she asked, watching me closely. I felt a burst of warmth in the center of my chest. My mom loved me. Even though she had a hard time expressing it, she really did. And that made me feel extremely lucky.

I nodded. "Yeah, Mom. Everything's sort of great," I told her, grinning. My mother gave me her own small smile.

"Good. I'm happy to hear it." She turned to go then looked at me over her shoulder. "Eleven o'clock, Rachel Marie. And then he needs to go home. I'll see you in the morning." With that, she turned and left.

After Mom was gone and Kaitlin was in bed, Daniel and I snuggled down on the couch to watch TV. Daniel's fingers traced circles up and down my arm and I never thought I would tire of the way I felt as he held me. I couldn't believe we were finally here. At this point. I truly never thought we would.

And the beautiful thing was I hadn't lost my best friend. In fact I felt as though that part of our relationship had only grown stronger.

"What are we going to do about Maggie?" I asked, laying my head on his chest, feeling the steady thump of his heart beneath my ear. It was a comforting sound. One that made me feel completely safe.

Daniel took a deep breath, causing my head to rise and fall with the motion. His arms came around me, holding me tight. He kissed the top of my head, his nose buried in my hair. He did that a lot - smell my hair, my neck. I had joked one of the first times I had noticed it, that I hoped he wasn't giving me a subtle hint that I needed to take a shower. He had only kissed me and explained that my scent was calming. He admitted with embarrassment that when we were kids, I had left a stocking cap at his house after playing in the snow one afternoon. He had kept the hat because it smelled like me. That there was something about the way I smelled that made him feel better.

After admitting that, Daniel had worried that I would think him a freaky stalker or something. But to me, that just proved that he had loved him as long as I had loved him. It just took him longer to realize that was what he was feeling.

"I'm not sure. I, uh...well...I talked to Clay the other day," Daniel admitted. I looked up at him, my eyebrows raised.

"Really? When? I haven't seen him around in weeks." I could only imagine how that conversation went. Daniel wasn't Clay Reed's biggest fan.

Daniel squeezed the back of his neck before returning his hand to my back. He started to rub the skin under my shirt and I relaxed into him again. "I waited for him in the parking lot at lunch. You know, because he's been cutting out of school so early. Figured it was time he and I had a little chat."

"Ah, so you didn't have a lunch tutorial," I said, pinching him in the side. Daniel squirmed.

"Yeah, well I didn't think you'd let me go if I told you what I was planning to do." Daniel reasoned. And, of course, he was right. I knew that his feelings about Clay were volatile and the slightest provocation could lead to an all-out explosion. I stilled.

"What happened?" I asked nervously.

Daniel moved his hand up the back of my shirt, his fingers trailing lightly between my shoulder blades, making me shiver. "Well, at first I really thought we were going to have a conversation with our fists. I was pissed. He was pissed. He kept telling me to back the f**k off and mind my own business. You know I don't take shit like that very well. Particularly when it has something to do with my girls," Daniel said, and I could hear the anger in his voice.

I kissed the place over his heart through his shirt. "I know, baby," I said soothingly. It had the desired affect and Daniel's body relaxed.

"I asked him why he was putting Maggie through hell. I asked him if he knew she wasn't talking to anyone. That she was barely eating and sleeping. I asked him if he felt good about hurting her the way he was. And yeah, I was up in his face. And yeah, maybe I had grabbed his shirt."

"Danny," I chastised softly.

"I know, I know. But I was so angry. I hate seeing her like that, Rach. It kills me," he said in an agonized whisper. I squeezed him. I understood completely. I felt the same way. It was horrible watching someone you loved lose themselves so completely.

"But then, it was like a light switch. It was freaking weird, Rach. One minute, Clay looked like he was about to take my head off for getting into his business and the next, he had crumpled onto the ground. Scared the shit out of me."

I sat up and looked at Daniel. His eyes were drawn and I could see how bothered he was. "He did what?" I asked, needing to hear more.

Daniel rubbed his forehead with the heel of his hand. "He f**king fell to the ground. And then he just put his head down on his knees and started crying. Rachel, the dude was full on sobbing. I have never seen anything like it in my life. I didn't know what the hell to do. It was like he was falling apart right in front of me."

Well, damn. "What did you do?" I asked him.

"Well, I couldn't just leave the guy like that, now could I? So I sat down on the ground beside him and waited for him to calm down. It took awhile, let me tell you. But finally, he pulled it together. And all he said was 'she's better off.' I asked him what the hell he was talking about but he wouldn't say. Then he thanked me for looking after Maggie. To keep looking after Maggie. And I let him know in no uncertain terms that he didn't need to thank me for that. That you and I would always be there for her. And that seemed to do the trick, because he snapped out of whatever freak out he was having. He didn't say anything else to me. Just got in his car and left. Rachel, the whole thing was really bizarre. And it made me late for Geometry. So I got afterschool detention, which sucks."

My mind was going a million miles a minute. "So he just left? After having a full on melt down like that?" I asked. I was getting a very bad feeling about all of this. Clay's behavior was erratic and out of control and hit way too close to home for my liking. I had seen all of this once before and it was something I had never wanted to see again.

"Yeah. And I haven't seen the dude since. I tell you, I'm really glad he's away from our girl. She doesn't need that drama. No one does. I do think he's a good guy underneath all of that angst. But he's just a little too much, you know. And obviously, he's not good for Maggie. They self-destruct when they're together. I told you, love shouldn't make you feel like shit. It should make you feel like this." He indicated between the two of us.

Did he just say what I thought he said? I watched as Daniel's face turned red with the realization of what had come out of his mouth. He suddenly pulled me to him and held me tightly against his chest. His arms were a vice around me. His breathing was deep and heavy and I could tell he was struggling with something.

I leaned up and kissed the base of his throat, just below his Adam's apple. His skin was slightly salty and warm under my lips. Daniel ran his hand down my back before it rested on my hip, squeezing my flesh.

"I love you, Rachel," he whispered into my hair. My heart sputtered and I swear it stopped. I leaned back and looked up into his blue eyes.

"What?" I asked in a whisper, still not sure I heard him correctly.

Daniel smiled softly, his fingers running down the side of my face. His fingertips trailing across my skin, leaving prickles of awareness in their wake. His hand cupped my cheek and I leaned into him, closing my eyes for a brief moment with the overwhelming onslaught of emotion churning inside me.

"Rachel," he said quietly. I opened my eyes and he leaned down, placing a gentle kiss on my mouth. "I love you. So damn much. I thank God every single day that we found our way to this place together. There is nowhere in this world I'd rather be than right here, right now. With you."

Wow, Daniel Lowe, the poet. I never thought I'd see the day.

"I love you too, Danny," I said just as quietly. His entire face lit up and his grin was infectious. I couldn't give one of my own because he had crushed his mouth to mine, his fingers tangling in my hair, our chests pressed together.

He devoured me. From the inside out. He had taken a hold of every tiny piece of my heart, my soul, my life. And I never wanted him to give it back. This is what love was supposed to feel like. This perfect immersion of two people who were ready and willing to become a part of each other.

I pulled back and kissed his chin. Standing up, I pulled him by the hand. He looked at me questioningly. I picked up the remote and turned off the television, then motioning with my head toward the hallway, I headed in the direction of my bedroom.

Daniel finally got the hint and followed me. He hesitated before going inside, looking pointedly at my sister's closed door. "She'd sleep through a nuclear bomb. Stop being so paranoid," I teased, lacing my fingers with his and giving him a tug as he followed me into my bedroom.

Chapter Twelve

~ Daniel~

Rachel pulled me into her room and closed the door softly behind her. The only light was from the street lamp outside. I could barely make her out in the darkness. I reached down and flicked on the bedside lamp. I needed to see her.

We stood there staring at each other, both too afraid to move. I knew what was on her mind when she pulled me in here. But I didn't want her to think that's what I expected. I didn't want to rush Rachel into anything. She was too special. Hell, I would wait as long as she needed to. It was important she understand that.

"Rach. We don't have to..." I started, but I wasn't able to finish. She had crossed the room and pulled my face down until her lips were pressed against mine. My body responded instantly. Her perfect form fit against me as though she were made to be there. Her br**sts were crushed against my chest and the smell of her hair was like a drug. I could get high on her scent. I know it's weird but the way she smells does the most incredible and amazing things to me. It's like a tranquilizer or something. I feel an instant calm when I get a whiff of her hair.

Okay, that came out really creepy. I didn't mean it to sound like I was a perv. But it was true.

"I want to. Please," Rachel said softly. I wanted to argue. That maybe this was too fast. After all, we had only been a couple for a short time. That we had all the time in the world to be together like that. That I wasn't going anywhere. But then she kissed me again and it became about so much more than sex. It was about her and me and how much we loved each other. And that made it right.

I ran my hands through her thick hair, loving the feel of its weight through my fingers. She slowly pulled my T-shirt upwards, forcing me to lift my arms so she could peel it off my body. Once my shirt was on her bedroom floor, our lips sought each other out again. We were like two magnets pulled together. She was so damn sexy and she didn't even know it. It was time I show her how beautiful she was.

I unbuttoned her shirt and she shrugged it off, showing me her white bra. My fingers itched to touch her. But I didn't want to rush things. I didn't want to come across like some sex starved animal, especially when all I wanted to do was worship every inch of her fantastic body.

"You can touch me, you know," she teased, as though she were reading my mind. I was finding it really hard to breathe as I looked down at her full br**sts, barely covered by the thin piece of fabric. Her dark hair spilling around her shoulders and her eyes hooded with a heat that was meant only for me. Christ, she was hot.

"I just don't want you to think that I'm a crazed maniac," I joked, my pants feeling way too tight as my c**k pressed uncomfortably against my zipper. Rachel laughed and her hands rubbed up my chest, making me tremble. Dear god, I was freaking trembling! I had officially turned into a chick. But this girl made me feel things that were indescribable.

"I think you're pretty darn wonderful," she whispered before kissing me again. My tongue swept into her mouth and my worries were completely forgotten. This was just me and Rachel. Me and the girl I loved, who I was ready to take that next all important step with. There was no one before and there would be no one after who could possibly matter as much to me as this gorgeous, fantastic woman who was ready to give me that first and most important part of herself.

So I reached around her back and with a flick of my fingers, released the hooks of her bra. I took a hold of the straps and carefully drew them down her arms, my hands caressing her skin until I let it drop to the floor.

I couldn't wait to touch her. And touch her, I did. My palms were filled with her. And then I had to taste her. So my hands were then replaced with my mouth and I thought I would lose it right there as she moaned deep and raw in the back of her throat.

I tore my mouth from her nipple and picked her up, carrying her to the bed. We quickly discarded the rest of our clothing. Touching and rubbing. Tasting and licking. Until there wasn't an inch of each other we weren't acquainted with.

We were both covered in a fine sheen of sweat, my fingers were between her legs and I could feel how ready she was for me. "Danny. Now. Please," Rachel rasped and I knew neither of us could wait a moment longer to be joined together.

I leaned over the side of her bed and found my wallet in my jeans' pocket. Pulling out the condom, I made quick work of getting it on. And then I was between her thighs. I was pressed at her opening and I stopped. Looking down at Rachel, my heart literally stopped. Her hair was splayed across the pillow, her chest rising up and down in rapid, short breaths. Her cheeks flushed and her eyelids heavy. She was mesmerizing.

I leaned down and kissed her, my lips lingering as I tasted and suckled. "I love you, Rachel," I murmured into her mouth. Rachel's arms, which were around my back, tightened. Her legs came up to wrap around my hips.

"I love you, Daniel. More than anything," she whispered back. And then, I was inside her. I took it slow at first, waiting for her initial pain to be over. I saw her wince and her back arched up off the bed. I forced myself to hold perfectly still until she acclimated to me.

"You alright, baby?" I asked, pushing the hair back off her forehead and kissing her nose. I hated to hurt her. I'd rather cut off my arm than make her feel any pain ever again. But then she smiled and began to move her hips.

"I'm wonderful," she said, her breath hitching as we started to find a rhythm together. And then we were moving our bodies. And I swear, I have never felt anything like that in my life. I had had sex. Lots of sex. But nothing came close to the total completion I felt as I moved in and out of Rachel's body.

And when we were finished, we laid there together, wrapped up in each other and I knew there was nowhere else on this earth that I ever wanted to be. This girl was it. She was my forever. And I was on top of the clouds.

I was jarred awake by the sound of Rachel's phone ringing. We both blinked sleepily and I looked at her alarm clock and saw that it was five in the morning.

Crap! It was five in the morning! Rachel's mom would be home any minute!

"Rachel! Get that! I have to get going! Your mom will be here soon!" I said in a near panic. Rachel hopped out of bed and grabbed her phone.

"Hello?" she said in a rush. I hurried to pull on my clothes. I was tugging on my socks when Rachel's words made me stop.

"What do you mean she's gone? Please, Mrs. Young, calm down. I don't understand." I sat down on the bed beside Rachel. Her face had gone pale and she was gripping the bed sheets in a death grip.

"I swear I haven't heard from her!" My stomach was in knots. This was obviously about Maggie. What the hell had our friend done?

"I promise! The second I hear from her, I'll call you!" Rachel's voice rose in anxiety. I put my arm around her and she leaned into me. "I know. Mrs. Young, please, that will only make it worse. Give it until this evening. I know Maggie. She will call one of us. I'll let you know as soon as I hear something." I waited on pins and needles as Rachel hung up.

She looked up at me, her eyes wide and panicked. "What is it, Rach?" I asked.

"She's gone. Maggie. She's run off. Apparently Ruby, Clay's aunt called the house this morning looking for Clay. He and his parents had an altercation last night and he took off. When Mrs. Young went to get Maggie, she wasn't there. No note, nothing. She had just taken off. So it's pretty obvious who she ran off with." Rachel ran her hands through her hair.

I let out a breath. "Well, hell," I muttered, not sure what to say.

Rachel got to her feet and started pulling on her clothes. "Get your phone. Let's start harassing the shit out of her until she freaking answers! I can't believe she pulled a stunt like this! She is so dead!" Rachel seethed. She was really angry.

She was furiously dialing Maggie's number when I stopped her. "Calm down, Rach. Seriously. You know Maggie. And you know how she is about Clay. You can't go all guns blazing on her. You have to hear her out. Listen. Otherwise she'll shut us out again," I told her. Huh. When did I become the voice of reason in our relationship?

Rachel's lips quirked into a small smile. Obviously the irony wasn't lost on her either.

So together, we spent the next three hours blowing up Maggie's phone. We sent a dozen texts between us, left her countless voice mails.

Rachel's mom had come home. After explaining what was going on with Maggie, she didn't question why I was there at such an early time of the morning. So we clearly dodged that bullet. But what a crappy way to do it.

Time seemed to slow down and speed up all at the same time. Rachel heard from Maggie. She had run away with Clay. She claimed to be fine. But Rachel revealed later that Maggie had told her Clay was suffering from some major mental issues. Not that I was surprised. I knew there was something off about him. But after hearing about everything the guy was going through, even I could feel some sympathy for him.

I still wanted to kick his ass for taking off with Maggie like that. But looking at Rachel, I think I understood where he was coming from.

Love has a way of consuming you. Making you lose all focus. But it could also lift you up and make your life that much better. Make you feel like it was the only thing in the world you needed.

So I connected with Clay for a moment, knowing that was how he felt about Maggie.

Then came the call that we had to go get our best friend. Because she was stranded five hours away in some small town in North Carolina. That Clay had tried to kill himself.

And it was obvious that Clay and Maggie's love wasn't going to make things better for either of them. In fact, it had damn near destroyed them.

So Rachel and I went with Mr. and Mrs. Young to get her. Maggie looked so young in that hospital waiting room. As though she had been to hell and back. I worried like crazy that she would never come back from it.

But Rachel and I held her together as best we could. As only friends can. And together we helped Maggie pick up the pieces of her life.

And we would continue to be there. Every step of the way down that long and painful road. We would show Maggie that love didn't have to hurt. That it could be the most amazing and brilliant thing in your life. We would help her discover herself again.

And Rachel and I would continue to love each other. Support each other. Remind each other every day that love does make things better when it was done right.

And Rachel and I were doing it right, every single day.

I never wanted my feet to touch the ground again.

