Chapter 1

Tyler

Family.

It's what makes life worth living, and memories so valuable. For me, it's everything. If someone were to take them away from me I'd lose my will to keep going.

I've been blessed, even when I didn't deserve it, with three kids and a beautiful wife. After almost eleven years, I'm still the happiest man on the planet.

With that being said, my life is just as chaotic as it was before Miranda and I got together. Having twin boys and a daughter that thinks she's a teenager will do that. On most days, like today, we wake up to bickering, or screaming. Whether it be the boys torturing Izzy, or her taping them to the kitchen chairs, something is going to happen.

That's why we knew something was wrong with Izzy when we woke up to two little boys standing over our bed like stalkers.

I wiped the sleep out of my eyes before being able to focus on what they were doing. They liked to work together to cause mischief. Unaware that something was wrong, I had to assume that's why they were in our room. "Hey guys. What's up? Ain't there some cartoons you want to watch?"

"Izzy won't get up," Jax announced from the other side of the bed.

"She got sunburned," Jake added.

Miranda and I sat up and looked at one another. I started getting up, realizing she was probably still naked under the covers. We'd waited like little criminals until the kids went to bed so that we could have some alone time. It was hard to come by, so we had to look for ways around getting caught.

"I'm sure she's just teasing you. Come on, let's go see if we can wake up the hair monster." They called her that when she first woke in the morning, because her hair was always crazy. She hated it. On most days I think she hated them.

"Tell her to make sure that room is cleaned before she goes outside," Miranda announced from the bedroom as I walked down the hall to our daughter's room.

They were right to worry. As I got close to her bed I could see the color change in her skin, not to mention the fact that she was covered in sweat. I knelt down beside her bed and put my hand on hers. She was still.

I shook her. "Iz, wake up, sleepy head."

She didn't move.

My heart started pounding out of worry. This wasn't normal.

I felt her head and she was burning up, almost too hot to touch, so I ripped off her covers, immediately realizing that I needed to get her fever down.

"MIRANDA!" I screamed for her, beginning to freak out about our daughter's condition.

Miranda met me in the hallway. She immediately saw that something was very wrong. "Call 9-1-1," she yelled to the boys.

We rushed her into the bathroom, and I sat her down in the tub while Miranda turned on the cold water. As her nightgown started to get wet, we saw her barely open her eyes. "Hurts," she said in a faint whisper.

"What is happenin' to her, Ty?"

I shook my head and kept holding on to our daughter. "I don't know." We were petrified. It was that moment of impact when you realize that something terrible could be happening and you can't do anything to stop it.

The more the tub filled, the more her body began to shake. "What if we break the fever too fast? That's dangerous, too. She could have a seizure."

"She's got to be cooled down. You didn't feel her skin. Baby, she's burning up."

Miranda was starting to cry, and as much as I wanted to comfort my wife, I was also fighting back my emotions while holding my daughter.

We kneeled there, on the bathroom floor, trying to talk to Izzy. It'd been a while before the sirens came wailing down the dirt lane. Miranda jumped up and ran out to meet them.

Since the bathroom was small, only suitable for two people at a time, I carried a lethargic Iz out to the living room and lay her on the couch, not giving a damn about the upholstery. My life, my heart, and my soul was lying on that couch. She needed to feel safe and comfortable.

The paramedics took her vitals and started getting her hooked up to take to the ambulance. Miranda was already a mess, while the boys stood there amazed at what they were witnessing.

My mother came frantically running into the house in a thin nightgown. She was full of concern and almost lost her footing when she saw they were working on Iz. She walked over and held onto Miranda, clinging to her, offering some sort of support.

The paramedics couldn't tell us anything, just that her vitals were low and they had to take her in. I knew Miranda wouldn't be able to drive, and thankfully Conner came rushing into the house. He looked at me and I looked at him, knowing he'd be strong enough to get us there.

I didn't fight my wife when she wanted to ride with Izzy. It was the best place for her, since I had to get myself calmed down enough to be able to stay strong.

It was all happening so fast, as if it were a terrible dream.

More than anything, I wished it was. I wished that my beautiful little girl wasn't being carted off to the hospital, clinging to life.

There was no time to explain what had happened, because the paramedics were loading her up. Miranda grabbed her purse and ran out to go with them. My mother had both boys by the shoulder. She nodded when I looked to her to make sure she was okay to watch them. "Just go, Ty. Bring our sweet girl home, you hear me?"

The bond that she shared with Izzy was so special. It didn't matter that she wasn't my biological daughter. To me, she was. I was the first person to see her pretty little face being born, and from that day on, everything changed.

Conner and I ran towards his truck and jumped in, following the ambulance closer than the law allowed. I didn't give a shit about being yelled at, or him getting a ticket. My daughter's life was on the line and nothing was more important than that.

The long ride did little for my worrying, thinking the worst as we drove, and had no idea what was happening in the vehicle in front of us.

"What happened?"

I shook my head and looked out the window. "I don't know. The boys came in and said she wouldn't wake up. I found her in bed, burning up. We tried to bring down the fever, but she still wasn't responsive, not the way she should have been. Did you see her skin? It was all red and she was hot as Hell."

"Was she sick last night?" I couldn't look at Conner as he was talking. It was too hard to keep my composure when my emotions were going awry. I needed to be holding her hand and letting her know that her daddy wasn't going to leave her side.

When we pulled into the hospital, I jumped out and was inside before the ambulance had unloaded. The triage nurse wouldn't let me into the back until they had checked in Iz. I knew Miranda was with her, but not knowing what was going on was gut-wrenching.

I waited, impatiently, bitching the whole time, in hopes that they would let me through to keep the peace. Finally, after Conner had parked and come inside, they allowed me back to her room.

Miranda looked like she'd been crying the whole time, while nurses were taking new vitals and preparing Iz for an I.V.

"What do we know?"

Miranda shook her head and I pulled her into my arms, kissing the top of her head. "I don't know. I guess they have to do tests. She's never been sick like this. Somethin's really wrong, Ty," she whispered.

I held her tight and watched the nurses working on our daughter. Izzy remained unresponsive to questions. Her eyes were barely able to open and the redness, even after a freezing bath, hadn't gone away. The monitor displayed that her fever was one hundred and five.

A doctor came in right away. He talked to the nurses and did a thorough examination of our daughter. He ordered a bunch of tests and then started up on the questions.

Was she allergic to anything?

Did she have a history of high fevers?

Had we traveled out of the country?

How long were the symptoms apparent?

Is anyone else suffering from the same symptoms?

The list went on and on, and when he was done we had nothing to go on.

Upon changing her clothes, we all looked in shock when they lifted her to pull on her gown. Her back was covered in ticks, at least twenty of them, protruding from her skin, swollen, with bulls-eyes around each one.

The nurse got the doctor tools and they stripped Izzy down, starting on her back and removing them one at a time. They started to pump her with medication to bring down the fever.

After a good hour, they'd removed seventy-two ticks off of our daughter in total. They'd found so many more than what was on her back. She was eleven and didn't need supervision in the bathtub. The child was starting to develop and wanted privacy. She'd never mentioned ticks to us, but a few marks were apparent on her stomach, showing us that she'd removed some herself.

They found some under her arms, in her ears and even in her private parts. The child had been covered in them.

Due to their sudden discovery, they started treatment with antibiotics for Lyme's disease. Within a few hours, her fever had come down and she was starting to be able to talk more.

Because it was so soon, the doctor doubted that the test would show up positive for Lyme's, but he assured us that it was definitely the culprit.

We stayed there with our daughter, reminding her that everything was going to be okay.

By nightfall we were sure the treatment was working and that our daughter was going to be coming home and back to her normal spunky self in no time. We were confident and trusted the doctor with her life, because that is what we are taught to do. Putting the faith in a caretaker is what reassures us and allows us to be supportive.

Unfortunately, after two days, Izzy's symptoms continued to show up. Her fever would come back and they would fight it. Her skin would get red and she'd become lethargic and unresponsive again.

When the doctor called in resources we realized we were dealing with something more serious. Our daughter didn't have Lyme's disease, and whatever it was, it was slowly killing her.

Chapter 2

Miranda

I swore it had to be a nightmare. There was no way that this could be happening to our healthy little girl. She hadn't acted sick, or anything that would have led to this outcome.

A mother's biggest fear is losing one of her children. From the very moment when you discover something is wrong, all you want to do is take whatever they're suffering from away. You begin to pray, to plead silently in your mind, to whoever will listen.

Having Bella changed my life. She'd made me want to be a better person, a mother, and even a wife.

When panic sets in, you almost lose awareness of anything else that could be going on. I knew the boys were somewhere around, but I didn't remember seeing them. All I was focused on was my daughter, lying in that freezing cold tub, with red skin. She was so still and unresponsive. The more we tried to get her to speak, the more worried we became when it didn't happen.

I knew I was shaking, imagining the thought of this being so serious. With three kids, we were always passing colds back and forth to one another. That was nothing new. This, however, was different. This was like nothing I'd ever seen before.

In a matter of hours our bubbly daughter had become so ill. She needed to get to a hospital and I feared that her life depended on it.

Normally, when I saw Ty's mom just storming in the house I'd get a little irritated. She had a habit of doing that.

Except when I saw her running in with that frightened look across her face, I knew she was going through the same emotions that I was. That motherly instinct was there and all she knew how to do was protect the people that she loved.

She'd seen the paramedics pulling up and probably heard the sirens. I can't imagine what she must have thought was going on.

I watched the men swiftly grabbing her and putting her on the stretcher to carry her out to the ambulance. Ty was there, watching in disbelief, like someone had stabbed him in the heart.

I wanted to run to him; to cry against his chest and hold onto hope through the comfort of being close to him, but I couldn't. I had to stay close to Bella.

Before I knew it, we were pulling away from the farm. I watched out of the tiny glass doors as the dirt road got smaller and further away.

My brother's truck appeared, and I knew he'd grabbed Ty and was following us to the hospital. With the paramedics still taking her vitals, I leaned over and whispered in her ear, "Momma's here, Bella. You're goin' to be okay, sweetie. Just rest."

I didn't want her to rest, in fear that she wasn't going to wake up. I know it was horrible to think that, but to look at her, to see her so unresponsive, I couldn't bring myself to accept that she was going to be fine. I knew whatever was happening was serious.

The paramedic turned to me and smiled as he listened to her pulse. When he removed his fingers and jotted down her results, I sat there, waiting for some sign of hope. "Do you have any idea what's happenin' to her?"

"No, ma'am. I've seen children with fevers react differently. Does she suffer from any other kind of illness? Is anyone in your family sick?"

I shook my head. "No. I've never seen this in my life."

The ambulance bumped around the road as we drove, and I held onto the handle while reaching over and placing my other hand on my daughter's arm.

"We'll be at the hospital in about ten minutes. She's in good hands, ma'am."

I hoped that he was right. "You hear that Bella? He says you're in good hands, honey. Just hold on."

When she didn't even budge I began to sob. How was I supposed to hold onto hope when I was watching her fading away? It's unrealistic to think that in this type of circumstance anyone can sit there and be optimistic. Her body was a different color, she was burning up, and hadn't been responsive. This wasn't a normal action for a kid. It wasn't normal for anyone.

I could tell we were pulling into the hospital when the ambulance made a sharp turn and went over a traffic calming hump. I braced myself for the vehicle to stop and waited as the paramedic opened the rear exit doors. "Hop on out and step to the side."

I did as he told me and watched as they made sure Bella was strapped and ready to be transported inside of the hospital.

She was still burning up, and I couldn't keep from losing all sense of composure. She'd been sick plenty of times in her life and never had it gotten to be this extreme. I knew in my gut that something was very wrong.

I followed close behind them, paying little attention to the slew of other patients and people that were with them. It was as if I had tunnel vision going on, blocking out everything else except for Bella. I wasn't worried about other patients or how life threatening their prognosis was. All I cared about was getting my daughter the medical attention that she needed.

I grabbed a nurse, who was standing around chatting with a co-worker, and forced her to look at me. "Please, help my daughter."

She looked over my shoulder and then back at me, as if to weigh in on how desperate I was.

I must have looked lost, because the woman put her hand on my back and we both walked into the room where they were transferring Bella to a bed. She started talking to the paramedics and getting the information that she needed while hooking her up and starting on her own batch of vitals.

Her friend came in the room and she immediately ordered her to prepare for an I.V. that would pump Bella full of Acetaminophen in order to bring down her temperature.

After the paramedics were done with their reports, they left the room. I sat there watching the nurse, hoping she could shed some light on what was happening. "You say she was fine before this? No fever? Not lethargic?"

I shook my head. "She was running around with her cousins all day yesterday."

Right then Ty came in, pulling me into his arms, not taking his eyes off of Bella.

We sat there, waiting and watching them do what they could for her. When the doctor came in, I admittedly felt better, like he could magically fix whatever was wrong. I wish that were the case and that they could provide patients with miracles. However, life doesn't work that way.

He asked us questions, ordered tests, and then we had to play the waiting game.

Ty held me as I cried and stared at the nurses, who continued working on Bella. I couldn't look him in the eyes, knowing his fears. I had to keep my eyes on her and make sure that she was going to be okay.

After tests and a diagnosis of Lyme's disease, which we got on our phones and looked up everything we could on it, we were hopeful. Even in the worst cases, it was manageable with antibiotics. They gave them to her intravenously. Bella seemed to be improving. Her temperature dropped and a little bit of life was showing when we tried to communicate with her.

We called the family and let them know that she was going to be fine. For a few short hours, I believed that everything was going to be alright. We were settled on the idea of taking her home and providing her with all the attention she needed to recover.

Nothing could have prepared us for what happened next.

Chapter 3

Tyler

Once again, it is important to stress how much family means to me. Without them, in a stressful time of need, I don't know how Miranda and I would have gotten through. All we were concerned about was our daughter. We didn't have time to talk to everyone when they tried to call, not to mention the fact that it stresses a person out more, having to talk about it a hundred times.

Amy and Conner took care of phone calls and letting the family know what had taken place. I knew my mother-in-law and everyone else was going to be heading our way. When bad things happened we always banned together. It's how our family worked, and at that moment we needed all of them.

Miranda and I took turns going home and being with the boys. We were like soldiers, standing guard over Izzy. From the time she was brought into the hospital, she'd never been alone. I missed my wife and the support she offered when we were together. We both knew my mother and the rest of the family would have been happy to watch the boys, but they were a handful. I couldn't burden them with their mischievous actions for days on end. They'd never talk to us again.

In the past six months, they'd set things on fire, broke a full-sized tractor, took a farm truck for a joyride, and shaved their cousin's head. No one was volunteering because they wanted to.

After the third day, I think the doctor realized that his first diagnosis couldn't have been right. Izzy's symptoms were returning, as well as some new ones. Reluctantly, Miranda left the boys with Van, who had come to town for a funeral.

I was so glad to have her there, knowing she'd keep those boys in line. If they didn't listen, they knew she'd ship their asses to Colt and he would put them over his knee in a heartbeat.

Just the fear of that happening usually made them act better.

It was hard, worrying about our daughter and fearing that our sons couldn't behave while we were away. I needed to keep my mind in one place, but I found it difficult.

Being a father was the greatest gift that God had ever blessed me with. I'd do anything for my children, and so would Miranda.

Izzy's vitals dropped on the fourth night.

Her initial tests for Lyme's came back negative, as the doctor said they would. They ran the tests again along with some others, in hopes to figure out what was doing this to her body.

Every once in a while she'd scream out in pain, like her limbs were being torn apart. When she wasn't sleeping she whined, and we could tell she was utterly uncomfortable.

All I could do was hold her hand and promise that she'd be okay, even when I didn't know if it was the truth. I tried not to imagine that her life was in danger, but how could I know what was happening? I wasn't a doctor.

She was suffering and I hated seeing her like that. No parent wants to see their child in the hospital, and certainly when there was no diagnosis, no plan for treatment to rid her of whatever was happening.

They pumped her full of pain medication on the fifth day and got her comfortable while the testing continued. She'd been pricked and pulled for days and we were losing hope. My aunt called her doctor and asked for him to make a special trip from Kentucky. We were that desperate for answers. The good news was that it hadn't come to that.

Finally, after almost a week, they discovered she was suffering from Rocky Mountain Spotted Fever after she'd woken up covered in a rash. They couldn't explain to us why she hadn't been tested for it yet, and all we were worried about was getting her treatment.

Unfortunately, the longer you wait to treat the disease, the more serious the condition becomes. Izzy was admitted into the intensive care unit on the seventh day. When untreated, the disease affects the cells that line the blood vessels. In serious instances, like Iz's, damage to other organs can occur, including the liver, spleen and kidney.

The first antibiotic, called doxycycline, caused her to have an allergic reaction, resulting in more time where the disease was untreated. As Iz's health failed, so did my will to go on. Minutes, hours, even days passed, and I forgot to eat, sleep and sometimes even breathe. I felt like I was sitting around watching my daughter slip away, and there was nothing I could do about it.

Everyone wanted to blame the hospital, and maybe it was their fault, but it wouldn't matter. All we cared about was getting her better, no matter what it took.

Izzy's kidney's started to fail on the twelfth day. Specialist were called and offered a surgical procedure that would help salvage her organs. I didn't know that agreeing to it was going to cause such a ripple effect in our lives. Nothing was more important than the doctors treating Iz. We weren't thinking about anything else.

On top of everything, I longed to be close to Miranda. Our alternating shifts were exhausting and I missed her terribly. I hated sleeping without her in the house, or when I had to sleep at the hospital, knowing she was home. We'd never gone for long periods of time without being affectionate, so the time apart had definitely been straining. I was mentally and physically exhausted, refusing to take care of myself until my daughter was safe at home.

It didn't help that my ex, Heather, was back in town for her mother's funeral. Miranda took the news horribly, making it a reason to fight with me. I got that she needed to lash out at someone, at something, to hide what we were both fearing.

I tried my best to put her mind at ease. Obviously it had been years since she'd caused problems with us, but the scars on her heart were still there. I almost lost my boys because of her actions.

I hated her and it was never going to change. It didn't matter to me that she was in town, or if I ran into her. There were plenty of people that I'd pass on the street and never speak to. It was part of life.

Still, it seemed like everything bad always happened at the same time, making my stress so much worse.

Izzy's treatment was long and extremely slow. She'd do well one day and then fall behind the next. All we could do was take turns watching her suffer. It was awful, knowing that we couldn't help alleviate any of her pain. Her stomachaches seemed to be the worst. She would hold on and cry out when the pain became excruciating.

For me, watching that day after day crushed me. Several times I had to walk away and either call Miranda or find a place in private so I could get over my emotions without people seeing.

A couple of the nurses saw me crying, not that I cared what they thought. She was my everything; my world revolved around my children, but our bond was like nothing I'd ever experienced. Imagining losing it, or her, was devastating to think about.

I prayed, like the way I had for my wife and twins when they had almost died. I wished it was me lying there instead of her. She didn't deserve to suffer and be so scared. All I could do was sit there promising she'd get better, when I feared she wouldn't. Each day that passed, I woke up and made sure she was moving forward and not getting worse again.

On the nights that I stayed at the hospital, I'd slide my chair all the way over to her bed and we'd hold hands. She wanted the comfort, but it meant the world to me, too. I think she knew I was sad, because she asked me to make her laugh all of the time to cheer me up.

I couldn't joke about anything, though.

I couldn't be happy as long as she was in the hospital.

I needed my daughter home, healthy and back to her old self again, before I could begin to feel complete once more.

Miranda

Chapter 4

Our family was in disarray, spending our time bouncing back and forth between home and the hospital. Our family members could only stay so long before they had to go home and tend to their own lives, leaving me and Ty. Between Conner and Amy, and Ty's mom, we had support, but it didn't help the distance that had been put on me and my husband.

I wouldn't have traded being with Bella over a date night with Ty, but I longed for his touch, maybe more than I ever had before.

It wasn't just that we were alternating shifts with Bella, but also because knowing Heather was back in town was stressing me out.

I trusted my husband, more than most women were capable of. My frustrations weren't because I thought he would stray.

Ty hated her.

He'd made it clear that he wanted nothing to do with the woman, but knowing she was in town, where we could run into her often, was enough to send me to the loony bin.

Maybe dwelling on Heather being in town was keeping my mind off of Bella's battle, enough to be able to manage. My mind could have been protecting itself in some irrational way. At any rate, it was overwhelmingly annoying.

Once Bella was out of the woods, it became easier to be with her without having to hide our emotions. We knew that she was recovering. Still weak, she got her personality back, and we brought everything we could with us to the hospital to make her long stay more comfortable. She had electronics and board games, magazines, and even a hidden stash of candy from her Poppy.

I don't know whether my husband had suggested it, but his mother offered to spend the night at the hospital with Bella to give us both a much-needed night out together. Seeing Bella excited for her Mimi to stay, I didn't have to think twice.

Conner and Amy took the boys, promising to keep them overnight.

The house was quiet when I got home. My neck was stiff from sitting in the uncomfortable chair in the hospital all day, so I headed into the bathroom without looking for my husband.

I didn't expect to find him in there, with candles lit all around a running bubble bath. He stood there in only a pair of boxers and handed me a cold beer out of a small cooler that sat on the vanity.

"Hi, baby." He kissed me softly as our hands touched. "I miss you."

I nestled my head into his neck and wrapped my arms around him. His skin was so warm and welcoming.

I needed this.

We needed this.

He lifted my shirt over my head slowly, in between kisses. I looked deeply into his brown eyes and got lost in the moment. I pushed him against the sink and pressed my hand down his boxers. Ty placed his hands on my shoulders and let me take a handful of his c**k into my hand.

I'd missed him so much, longing to be close and make love to him. After years of marriage, we'd never gone so long without being intimate. My heart wanted to move slow, but my body was suddenly reacting to the moment.

I needed his hands all over my skin and for him to be inside of me.

Ty sensed my desire for him. He reached down and pulled off my yoga pants, not even waiting for me to step out of them. I was lifted onto the vanity and my legs were forced open so that he could wedge himself in between them.

Our breathing was heavy, our kisses intensified. I wrapped my legs around his waist, pulling him against my body, feeling his erection pressing against my sex. He nuzzled on my ear, sucking the lobe into his mouth. My head fell back, reacting to even the smallest of touches. My ni**les tingled, and I couldn't remember the last time my body had reacted like this.

Ty and I didn't have boring sex, but this was different. Every inch of my skin was begging to be touched, kissed, and satisfied.

The clasp to my bra opened and my br**sts sprung free. Ty cupped them, pushing them together and sucking them into his mouth at the same time. A cry escaped me as I felt the moisture growing between my legs. He knew where and how to touch me, having memorized every inch of me after so many years.

I ran my hands through his hair while watching his tongue tease my ni**les. I wanted them in his mouth again, but instead he dragged his wet bottom lip over them. The heat of his breath kept them hard and begging for his mouth to suckle them once more.

I felt my br**sts being freed as he trailed a hand down under the elastic of my panties. He moaned when I felt his fingers spreading me open and sliding inside of me. Our mouths met for a deep kiss. As he pulled away to catch his breath, he groaned again. "I want you so bad, baby. You're so wet and tight. I need you so f**king bad."

Hearing him saying it, wanting me equally as much as I wanted him, was enough to make my body tingle. I rocked my hips against his hand. Ty didn't need permission. I belonged to him in every way. He owned my heart and my body.

I was too consumed in the moment to realize that the water was still running in the tub. Ty pulled away and looked down at his feet. The water had overflowed and he was standing in a puddle. "Shit!"

We grabbed towels that were hanging and got down on the floor after he'd reached over and turned off the faucet. I was laughing while he cussed more under his breath. When our saturated towels met in the middle of the room, he saw the shit-eating grin on my face. I couldn't help but laugh. "I'm sorry. I know you were tryin' to be sweet."

We were naked, kneeling on the bathroom floor, surrounded by sopping wet towels. Ty reached over and kissed me on the lips. He climbed over the towels until our bodies were up against one another. "Just go with it."

I could still hear dripping as our lips met. When our bodies reacted, the sloshing of wet towels surrounded us. Ty pulled me on top of his lap as he sat down, taking the brunt of the wet towels against his ass. I straddled him, letting the wetness of our bodies work to our advantage. He backed us up to the tub and grabbed a bottle of bubble bath, squirting it all over us.

I was in shock, wondering if he was deciding to play instead of make love. Then he took his hands and started lathering up my body, starting with my thighs and then my br**sts. It felt so good that I forgot all about being on the wet floor, sitting atop soaked laundry that I'd have to wash.

When I didn't react the way he wanted, Ty cocked his brow. "Woman, I'm trying to get freaky with you." He took my hands and placed them on his chest.

I giggled and began lathering up his chest, running it over the small patch of hair in between his ni**les. He finished and grabbed my ass, digging his fingernails into my skin so that he wouldn't slip as he pulled me into him. The soap made it so slippery, and I understood why he'd come up with the idea. I reached down, trying not to get his c**k soapy. He watched me, teasing my opening with his erection. I rubbed it against my clit and threw my head back, feeling the heat of his erection making contact with my throbbing bud.

I was so wet, so ready for him to be inside of me. It slid in with ease, feeling tighter than I could ever remember it being. We'd gone for so long that it felt like the first time again. I think he could feel it too, because he closed his eyes and bit down on my bottom lip, freezing in place to keep from losing it prematurely. "Oh God, you feel so good."

I was so hot for him that I could feel my pulse in my pu**y. My inner walls kept having spasms around his cock, and I needed to start moving. I wanted to feel the sensations of it sliding in and out of me.

I started rocking my hips as Ty reached into the tub, wetting his hands and running it over my soapy chest. The way they glided over my ni**les was utterly delightful. He reached up, getting suds all over my cheeks as he held my face to kiss me passionately. We grinded slowly, absorbing every feeling possible as we came together.

Ty paid no attention to the soap all over me as he kissed down my chin and onto the nape of my neck. I could feel his teeth biting me as he began to tighten up. I picked up my pace, knowing he was losing control, and wanting to experience it with him. Then it was there, that precise moment where my body shuddered. I cried out, digging my nails into his shoulders. Finally we stilled, taking in the emotions of what we'd just experienced after so much time apart. I was afraid to move an inch, because I felt so good.

Ty placed his lips on my forehead and held them there. "This wasn't how I pictured tonight going."

I pulled away and looked right into my husband's eyes. "The night's not over, you know."

He brushed the remains of suds off of my face. "You're still so beautiful to me. How'd I get so lucky?"

I shrugged, not wanting to feed his ego. "I must have been crazy."

He let out a deep laugh and shook his head before lifting me off of him, breaking the connection. I gasped, feeling him leaving me empty. My body tingled, and I reached for him. He smiled and kissed me on the forehead before walking over the towels and turning on the shower. "Pull the plug in the tub and come rinse off. As sexy as you look all lathered up, I can't have you getting pruney on me."

I giggled and went to sit down on the edge of the tub to pull the plug, but my ass was too slippery to stay still on the tile, and I went falling head first into the bath which was filled to the brim. My feet were in the air and everything was so slippery that I couldn't bring my head above water.

Ty pulled me up, laughing his ass off as water poured out of the top of the tub again. I brought my legs into the tub and shook my head. "Why does this always happen to us?"

He was bent over, chuckling so hard that his eyes were beginning to water. He needed to smile, I got that, but at my expense wasn't cool.

With the tub draining, I used the water to rinse my body of the soap while Ty ran into the kid's bathroom and grabbed all of their towels.

Then we began soaking up more water and carried the wet pile to the laundry room, all while being naked and Ty still so soapy.

An hour later the bathroom floor was sparkling clean and dry. The grout would take a full day to dry out, but the floor was safe to walk on again.

Once he was cleaned up, we retreated to the couch, feeling exhausted from our romp in the bathroom. It was going to take me at least four loads to clean up the wet towel mess, and I wasn't looking forward to adding that to the pile of laundry that we had already accumulated.

Still, curling up in Ty's arms took all my stress away. I didn't care what was on television as long as he was holding me.

"That was fun," I said sarcastically.

"I wasn't going for fun, you know?"

"I know, but it's definitely unforgettable."

Ty looked down at me and pulled my chin so that I was looking into his eyes. "Baby, every day with you is unforgettable. This time apart sucks. Being with Iz is the priority, but it's not easy being away from you. I know we're good, but it feels like we're separated sometimes. I get into that big bed at night and you're not even there. I just want our family back the way it was. We need to be together again."

"I pray every day that she'll be home soon."

"I know. I do too. She's doing well this week."

Ty was right. She'd really improved. I could tell that she was restless being stuck in that hospital.

We intertwined our fingers together and he brought them to his lips. "I need my girls under one roof."

"We will be, I promise." I hated making such promises that I didn't know I could keep. As much as Bella seemed to be improving, I still feared that something could go wrong. My optimism wasn't what it used to be before our daughter got sick.

What did we have left if there was no hope?

She had to be okay, because neither of us could live without her. That was the brutal truth to it all.

"Would you be mad at me if I asked you to go with me to the hospital and stay with Iz tonight, together? I can bring the air mattress. The nurses won't mind. It's not like they come in that much during the night anyway. I just feel like being here isn't fair to her. Seeing us together would cheer her up."

I couldn't hide the smile that came across my face. "It's the best idea you've ever had, Mr. Mitchell."

"Let's get changed and pack a cooler. We've got a date with a pretty blonde tonight."

He smacked my ass as I climbed off of the couch. Ty and I didn't need a hot night together to reconnect. We needed to feel like a family again.

Chapter 5

Tyler

It would have been nice to spend the night in an empty house, but I wouldn't have been able to sleep, and I don't think Miranda could have either. My mom was shocked when we walked into the hospital room before seven and told her to go home for the night. She smiled and understood when she saw the excitement in Izzy's eyes for having me and Miranda there at the same time.

After she'd left and it was just the three of us, we pulled out the snacks and some fast food we'd smuggled in. The look on Izzy's face was priceless, but the look in Miranda's eyes was something completely different. It had been a long time since I'd seen her so happy. She sat on one side of Izzy's bed while I pulled the chair up to the other side. I hooked the IPad up to the television and we streamed a movie. Miranda had popped two bags of popcorn and even brought the blanket that we always cuddled up with on the couch at home. Seeing our daughter smiling melted my heart. It was the most perfect night that Miranda and I could have had together, especially when she fell asleep holding both of our hands. I didn't have the heart to get up and blow up the air mattress. Instead, I got as comfortable as I could in the chair and the girls shared the bed. For a little while I sat there watching them sleep, admiring the sight that I'd missed so much.

I don't know how I was able to get through it in one piece, but one long month, lots of prayers, and several doctor's later, we were bringing our daughter home. The treatments had worked and she was recovering slowly. Finally we felt like things were going to get back to normal.

We'd been through Hell, and I'd missed my family; Sunday dinners with everyone together and watching all the cousins growing up, being the best of friends.

We spent the first night cuddled in our king size bed, three kids in the middle, with me and Miranda on the outside edges. Sure, I wanted to be alone with my wife, but we'd have our time eventually. Right then we needed to feel them close to us, safe and healthy. With Bella needing her rest, my mom offered to come over and give us some time alone, but neither of us were willing to let her out of our sight.

She may have been home, albeit at any time something could have gone wrong. I'd never have forgiven myself if that happened.

I'll never forget waking up that second day and seeing her smiling at me. "I'm glad I'm home, daddy."

"You are?" I started tickling her lightly, getting her to giggle.

Realizing that I still needed to be gentle, I stopped and kissed her with my stinky morning breath. It was just like her to come back at me with a wet finger to my inner ear. The Wet Willy felt gross, but I loved that my daughter was a chip off the old block. "Got you back!"

I could hear the boys in the living room and knew it was only going to be a matter of time before they came in and interrupted my alone time with Iz. I sat up and patted her on the leg. "Listen, kiddo. I know you're getting older and you feel like you can do a lot yourself, but nothing is more important to me than your life. You need to be careful when you're outside, especially when you're alone. I'm going to get you a cell phone, so if you're ever in trouble you can reach me or your mom. Understand?"

All she heard was that she was getting a cell phone. She hugged me. "Thank you, daddy."

I loved that she still called me that. One day soon it would always be dad. I liked daddy the most because it reminded me that she was my little girl. Imagining that and almost losing her made me instantly upset. We'd come so close to losing her. "I just love you so much, Iz."

"I'm goin' to be okay, you know."

I didn't want her to see me sad or scared, so I kept the smile on my face. "I know."

Izzy put her head on my arm and hugged it. "Can I tell you secret?"

"Sure." I thought it would be something legitimately important; perhaps something between the two of us about a surprise.

"I didn't miss Jake and Jax that much."

I started laughing, thinking about how she'd had me and Miranda to herself for a whole month. "Let's keep that between us, okay?"

She giggled and stood up off the bed. "Okay."

When I came out of the bedroom, I found Jax and Jake both standing on opposite ends of the couch, holding the remotes to their video game. They were staring at the television as if they'd been put into a trance. "How many times have you been told not to stand on the furniture?" I scared the piss out of them.

At the same time, without looking away from the game they were playing, I watched them plop down on the cushions. They went back to talking to each other like they hadn't just gotten yelled at.

Miranda was in the kitchen, sipping on a cup of coffee. I went in, took a sip of hers, and pulled her into my arms. She kissed me and looked over to see Iz sitting in-between her brothers. "It's so good to see her here at home. Maybe we can finally start gettin' back to normal."

"What's normal in this house?"

Miranda laughed, but kept looking at the kids. "As normal as it gets."

Just as I started to agree, I heard something crash. We fled into the living room and saw that a glass of chocolate milk had been pushed off the table, because Jax was standing up on the couch again. Not only had the glass shattered, but there was chocolate milk all over the floor, furniture and wall. "I told you to get your ass down!"

Miranda grabbed paper towels and the dustpan, while I chased a scared kid into his room. When I heard his door slamming, I went back out to help clean up the mess. Izzy was bent over, helping her mother pick up the bigger shards. "Go sit down, Iz. I'll help Mom clean it up."

She was barefoot, so I picked her up and sat her down on the couch where I knew she wouldn't cut herself. Jake sat there sucking on his bottom lip, like he did when something was wrong. He turned away when he caught me looking at him.

I grabbed his foot, getting his attention. "You got something you want to say?"

"I didn't do it."

I shook my head and kept picking up pieces of glass. Iz sat there watching us, as if I was going to yell at her. I stopped what I was doing and looked over at Miranda, who looked back at me, puzzled. "What?"

"How would you feel about going away for a couple of days? Iz, would you like to see Noah? I think we need to get out of here, the five of us, together."

"Can we, daddy?" Iz's face lit right up.

Miranda shook her head and smiled. "I guess I need to call Van and let her know."

"I'll call her. Someone's going to have to make sure there is toilet paper and ketchup stocked."

Miranda rolled her eyes. "Do I even want to know why we'd need only those two things?"

I really didn't have a reason, but I did like driving her crazy with nonsense. "It's a secret."

"I hate when you have secrets, Ty. They never turn out good."

I laughed at her comment. Even though she knew me better than anyone else, I still was able to catch her off guard. Of all the people in my life, Miranda was the hardest one to make laugh. I think I annoyed her with my bantering to the point that she'd taught herself how to ignore me.

For the most part, I made it a mission to act extra obnoxious, just to get a rise out of her.

After we'd cleaned up the mess, I grabbed my phone and sat at the table across from Miranda, dialing Van's number. We'd talked almost every day, and after the whole cancer episode, Colt had finally chilled out about it.

"Good morning, Ty."

"Oh my God, have you brushed your teeth yet? I can smell your breath through the phone."

"You're smelling your own breath. What do you want? I'm not in the mood for you this early, and since you're being your normal douche-bag self, I'd imagine you're not calling because something is wrong."

"Okay, you got me. Nothing's wrong. I miss the hell out of you and need a hug." I winked at Miranda, who sipped at her coffee, shaking her head at me.

"I saw you a couple weeks ago. I'm in the middle of making breakfast. Can I call you back?"

"No! Iz wants to come see Noah. We'll be there in two days. Get your ass to the store and make sure the guest house has toilet paper and ketchup."

"What?" I could tell she was wondering why I wanted toilet paper and ketchup. "The house already has those things, but I can make sure to adjust the temperature. Oh wait, didn't I tell you that we're going away? We won't even be here."

I looked over at Izzy and knew how excited she would be to see Noah. It had been a long time and they were still so close. "Cancel your plans. We need family time."

A deep voice shocked me as it spoke on the other end of the phone. "We ain't goin' anywhere. She's yankin' your chain."

"She wishes she was yanking me."

Colt couldn't help but put his foot in his mouth. Didn't he know I waited like a wild animal, to pounce on his every word?

Van got back on the phone. She was whispering, asking him why he didn't want to talk anymore. I continued to laugh as she spoke. "What did you say to him? He just walked out front. Why must you piss him off?"

"Because it's so much fun. Chill out, I'll be there to make things better in a couple of days."

"Yay," she said sarcastically.

"Wear something hot. I'm tired of seeing you in those church clothes you keep wearing."

"My clothes are fashionable," she argued.

"You dress like the Amish."

"Goodbye, Ty."

"Love you bunches, Van. I'm coming for you in two days."

She'd hung up, and I wasn't sure if my last comment was for nothing.

Miranda sat there, watching me. She had that scornful mother look on her face. "I'm goin' to regret sayin' this to you, but I'm glad you're gettin' back to your old self again. It makes me feel like things are goin' to be alright."

I reached my hand across the table and touched hers. "Baby, everything's going to be fine. Izzy is home and she's better. The worst is over."

"I think goin' to Kentucky is a good idea. Maybe we all need to get away for a couple of days."

I heard screaming coming from the living room. Izzy had grabbed the remote and turned off the boy's game. She had half the remote, while Jake had the other. "Gimme it, you little jerk!"

I turned back to Miranda. "Can we take separate cars?"

She stood up and put her hands on her hips. "We should."

As we both walked into the living room, to bring order to the newest conflict, I felt confident that the worst was behind us.

Our lives could return to chaos and everything was going to be okay.

Seeing her fighting with her brother was a good sign of that. It gave me peace knowing that she was home and getting healthier by the day.

I'd never have to feel that lost again. It was reassuring and kept a smile on my face. Even the bickering, reminded me that our family was strong again. At the end of the day, it was all I cared about.

Chapter 6

Miranda

Visiting the Kentucky family was always a treat, but packing and riding with the twins and Ty was the opposite of the word treat. Aside from the boys constantly tormenting their sister, Ty played these stupid games.

This trip was no different. We left in the evening, thinking that the kids would sleep the whole way. For a while it was peaceful. Ty held my hand and I got comfortable in my seat and started to doze off myself. He had the radio down low, and instead of him singing, like normal, he hummed to himself.

I thought he was being respectful, but I should have known better than to trust him. Like a little child, when Ty got quiet, it meant he was planning something mischievous.

I'd no sooner let myself fall asleep when I heard him screaming and the brakes locking. I grabbed the dash and screamed, along with the kids behind me. Assuming we were preparing for impact, I closed my eyes, reacting the best to the situation.

Then when nothing happened, and the SUV began driving normally, followed by him laughing loudly, I turned and smacked him hard on the arm. "You ass**le! I thought something was wrong."

He continued laughing. "I'm sorry, baby. I couldn't help it. You were all sleeping and I knew I could get you good."

I smacked him again and turned to check on the kids. Like every time their dad did stupid pranks, they seemed to be taking the situation way better than I had. Izzy had put on her headphones and shook her head, while the boys were back asleep, as if it had never happened.

"I could have hit my head on the windshield."

"I checked to make sure you were buckled, geesh, give me some credit!"

"If you don't stop laughin' right now I'm goin' to beat the crap out of you. You scared me to death, Ty. It wasn't funny."

He laughed even harder. "You should have seen your face. Your eyes popped out of your head and you screamed, even when you had no clue what was happening."

I turned my body toward the passenger door and refused to look at him. "If you do it again, I'm cutting off your balls with scissors. I'm not kiddin' either. Just try me, smartass."

I think he understood that he'd pissed me off, because for the rest of the ride he was on his best behavior. Almost daily, people asked me how I could be married to someone like Ty. I don't think they understood the joy that he'd brought into my life. Every day, no matter how crazy life got, I thanked God for giving him to me. Maybe it was hard for people to see his gentle side, the part of him that he only let the people he was closest to see. He'd give his life for his family and never regret it. He was strong and did his best to take care of us to the greatest of his ability. I appreciated him, but I didn't want to remind him every second of every day. When he was driving me crazy he needed to be put into place. Cutting him off from sex was always my go-to. It got his attention, and like a kid in time out, it worked wonders.

It was late when we arrived at the guesthouse. The kids had been asleep for a while, and I knew that if we went over to see Colt and Van, they'd get a second wind and we'd be up all night with them.

As much as I was dying to see my cousins, we put the kids to bed and got settled in. Ty called and let Colt know we'd arrived, but we'd decided to surprise my mom and John with our visit. She was going to be so excited, especially after just finding out that Bella was going to be okay.

I found Ty sprawled out on the couch. Since I was still angry with him for his prank in the car, I sat in the chair across from him. He smiled and patted the small area on the couch in front of him. "You belong over here with me."

"I'm mad at you."

He took his index finger and motioned for me to come. I shook my head.

He reached down in his pants and made a face like his dick was aching to be touched. I rolled my eyes and continued to fight him.

"I need to cuddle."

"I'm comfortable where I am. Besides, maybe you should have thought about that before you decided to scare the life out of me earlier. You know I hate riding in cars at night."

He chuckled. "I'd never let anything happen to my family, baby. You know that. I'm sorry. Will you come lay with me, please?"

"I'm kind of tired. I think I'm just goin' to go to bed." I stood up and headed into the bedroom, smiling because I'd given him the cold shoulder.

I'd no sooner changed and came out of the bathroom to find him in bed. I attempted to ignore him by climbing in and rolling onto my side, my back facing him. Ty brought his hand near and traced the silk nightgown that I was wearing. He groaned in my ear. "Gimme some lovin'."

I shook his hand off me. "No! I'm goin' to sleep."

He tried again, pulling the covers off of me, and wrapped one arm over to lie on my breast. "Please." He rubbed his palm over the silk where my nipple sat and it immediately got hard. I tried to fight him, staying completely still, not allowing him to know that it was already turning me on.

He pinched it between his fingers and let it go, only to rub it with his whole hand again. I could feel tingling between my legs, as I stayed as still as possible. "Goodnight."

Ty wasn't giving up without a fight. His hand left my breast and trailed down to the edge of my nightgown. He lifted it up slowly and began massaging the skin of my ass. I kept my eyes closed and ignored him, all the while feeling my body heating up. I didn't want him to stop touching me, albeit I also didn't want him to know that I liked it. "You're not fooling me, you know." His hand traveled, further down, until he was tucking it under my panties. I'd been discovered the second I felt him separating my folds and getting a feel of the wetness that I was already there, accumulating by the second. "Oh yeah, I knew I was right."

"You were not. Just because I'm wet doesn't mean I want your ass. A girl can fantasize all on her own, you know?"

He laughed and went down under the covers. Ty tugged down my panties. "I never needed permission, not when I can have you begging instead." I knew what he was doing. It would have been stupid to try and fight him, when I knew I would be reaping the benefits of his crafty tongue. He went right to work, teasing my clit while pulling my lips open so the cold air heightened the sensations. I dug my hands into his hair and pushed his face hard against my pu**y. The more he licked, the more my body bucked, but I wasn't going to let him off that easy. He was going to have to work for forgiveness. Ty stopped and looked up at me, placing his warm tongue against my bud. I smiled and pushed his face back down. "Don't stop until I tell you."

He groaned but kept at it, lapping up my juices and taking me to the brink of orgasm. I bit down on my lip, knowing I was about to feel those couple seconds of bliss. My back arched and I tugged on his hair, while holding him down there. He applied pressure to the way his tongue moved against my clit. I bit down on my lip and finally yelled out, letting the moment overwhelm me with relief. "Oh yeah, harder. Lick it harder."

I was right there, happy, content, relaxed - until I heard one of my sons. My eyes shot open and I turned my head to see him standing there over the bed. Ty's mouth was still down there, pressed against my naked pu**y, with no covers near him to grab. He took his hands and covered up his face, but I knew right away that Jax had gotten an eye full. His face was red and he was staring at me. "Oh shit! Jax, What are you doin' in here?"

More than anything, I wanted to hide under the covers and cry. It never failed. We were always caught by our kids in inappropriate situations. I should have known to check the lock on the door, but in the heat of the moment I'd forgotten to.

Ty grabbed the covers and put them over my body, before making his way above the covers. I refused to look at my husband when I was utterly terrified at what my son had witnessed.

"I can't sleep. There's a monster under my bed." He paused for a second and looked from me to Ty. "Were you and daddy playing with no clothes on?" His smile made me feel so uncomfortable. He started to climb on the bed with us. "Is daddy tickling you?"

I was so embarrassed.

Ty slid out of bed, taking control of the horrible situation. "How about we go and see what's under your bed?"

Jax looked back at me as they walked out of the room. It took me only seconds to not only put my clothes back to normal, but add a pair sweatpants to the mix. As horny as my husband was, he was definitely not getting anything else, not after what had just happened.

He came back about ten minutes later and jumped on the bed. "Everything's fine. I told him that I was checking you for ticks and found one. I told him I had to kiss your boo boo, to make it better."

"He's not an idiot. At some point he's going to wise up to your stupid excuses. Why didn't you lock the door?" He started rubbing my arms, and kissing my neck again. "Seriously, Ty. It's not happenin'."

"He won't come back in."

I rolled over. "Thanks for the cunnilingus. It was fantastic."

I heard him sigh as I closed my eyes, smiling the whole time. I knew I'd be uncomfortable around Jax tomorrow, but I was too tired to even think about the repercussions of him catching us. All I wanted to do was sleep.

Chapter 7

Tyler

Cock-blocked by one of my kids, again. It never failed. I'd just gotten to the pivotal moment of entry. She was giving in and I had her exactly where I wanted her. In a moment she would have been begging me to give it to her. But no. It never worked out that way for me, not with my kids. They had some kind of radar that picked up on any kind of horniness or sexual innuendos. They knew when to come in and ruin the moment.

Once again I went to bed rock-hard, knowing that when I woke my balls would be aching.

Miranda didn't wake me up when she climbed out of bed the next morning. I could hear the boys running around on the hardwood floor, so I rolled over to check the time on my phone. It was six, and the sun had probably just come up. I rolled over on my back and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes. It wasn't like I didn't have to get up early every morning. Conner and I were usually at it before the sun came up, but when I had a chance to sleep in, I took advantage of it. Everyone has a breaking point, where their bodies needed to rest to catch up. The past month had taken so much out of me. All I wanted was to be able to relax for a couple days and not have to worry about work or anything else.

Izzy came into the room. She looked to be half asleep, so I pulled down the covers and she climbed in the spot beside me. "What's wrong, Iz? You feeling alright?"

She shrugged and let me cuddle with her. "I'm tired and those dummies jumped on the bed until I got up."

I laughed, closed my eyes and felt content with her there. "Go back to sleep. daddy's got your back."

There was going to be a time when Iz didn't want to cuddle with her daddy. I had to enjoy every minute with her, knowing she was growing up way too fast.

I must have been holding her too tight, because she began to wiggle out. "I'm hot."

I let go of her and she turned, giving me a weird look. "What? You said you were hot."

Iz leaned up on her elbow and looked right at me. "You have pretty eyes. I like brown eyes better than blue."

"You have your mother's eyes, Iz. They're beautiful and so are you. I love how much you look like your mom."

"Yeah, but Jake and Jax look like you."

"They're boys, Iz. Be glad you don't look like them. You need to be able to say you're not related if they do something terrible in public. If you looked alike, you'd never be able to pull that off." I winked at her and she smiled. Sure, if she were my daughter biologically, she'd probably have gotten my brown eyes, but it isn't a given. There are plenty of kids that look different and share the same parents.

"You have a point."

I tickled her, making her laugh before I backed off.

Of course, I hadn't considered that we'd make enough noise for the boys to hear us. Jake came barging in. He didn't stop until he was on the bed, standing over us like he was going to attack us. "Get up, butt faces!"

Izzy pulled the covers over her head and started screaming. "Get him away from me!"

I grabbed one of his legs and took him down. He fell at my feet, but I didn't let go of him. Instead, I dragged him up towards us. He kicked and screamed until I saw his brother coming in out of the corner of my eye. With Jake kicking me, I kept focused on him. Izzy started kicking him back. Jax jumped up and began hitting her while she hid under the covers. I grabbed him by the underwear and yanked him toward me. Due to the instant wedgie I'd given him, he screamed out.

A loud whistle made the four of us freeze in place. Miranda stood in the doorway with a spatula in her hand. "What's goin' on in here? Do I need to bust some asses?"

"Bust Dad!" Jake yelled.

Jax laughed while Izzy peeked out from under the covers. Miranda crossed her arms and shook her head. "I saw them naked last night." I knew my wife was mortified. Her eyes went from accusing to humongous.

"You did not. You must have been dreaming."

He looked puzzled. "Jake," I said while winking at Miranda. "Did you see me and Mom naked last night?"

He shook his head.

"I came in to get you to look under the bed."

"You had to have been dreaming." Thankfully, I knew his brother wouldn't have remembered me being in there. We'd woken him up at night and given him his medicine when he was sick and he never remembered.

"I swear, I saw you and Mommy in this bed all naked and touching each other. You were kissing on her privates and said she had ticks." He pointed to his own crotch.

Miranda covered her mouth and I almost burst into laughter. "Hey, that never happened. Now get your mind out of the gutter and go change into something else. It's chilly out and super hero pajamas are not allowed," Changing the subject was going to be the only way to make him stop thinking about seeing us.

Truth be told, when I was their age, I knew a lot more than I should have, or at least thought I did. The two of them together were worse than me, so I probably wasn't fooling anyone.

Jax was confused about what he perceived as reality, not that I cared. As long as he thought he was dreaming, it didn't matter what he was thinking about in that little head of his. For now, Miranda was in the clear. They'd all seen her naked before. The woman never had a second to herself. She couldn't even go to the bathroom without them coming in needing something from her.

Izzy finally pushed the covers all the way down once the boys retreated to go get dressed. "Daddy, can you take me to Noah's after breakfast?"

"Sure can, as long as you go put some clothes on and brush those nasty yellow teeth. What if he has a cute friend over? Those funky things would send him running in the opposite direction."

She giggled. "I don't like boys. They have B.O. and say curse words."

Miranda walked over and sat on the bed, laughing her head off. "That's right. Boys stink!"

"Except for Dad." She looked up at me with a smile and I kissed the top of her head.

Miranda smirked. "Your dad was one of those boys, when we were kids."

"Eww. He was?" I liked that Izzy only thought of me as being awesome. She was eleven, an age where she wanted to feel like she was grown up, but had so much to learn before that could happen. Miranda and I always tried to be straight with her if she had questions, no matter how absurd they might have been.

I still had to deny ever having body odor. "I'll have you know that I never stunk. Your mother is full of bologna."

Izzy giggled and climbed out of the bed. "I like the way he smells."

I nudged Miranda and she gave me her annoyed look. "Yeah, well, he didn't always smell so wonderful. He was a stinky boy, who said stinky things for attention."

"Did you think he was cute?" Izzy was laughing, but intrigued that we knew each other as kids.

It wasn't like we were close. I'd see her in the summer when I visited. We called each other cousins back then, and I never would have considered her someone to date. "We were kissing cousins," I joked.

"You were not." Izzy couldn't stop laughing and neither could I.

I continued telling my fake story, while chuckling through it. "She used to chase me around, trying to kiss all over me. You should have seen her."

Miranda slapped my side. "That is not true. Your dad was annoyin'. I never would have liked him back then. He stared at older ladies boobs too much."

She'd called me out, in front of my precious girl. I had to defend my honor to all pubescent men. "In my defense, boobs were an amazing discovery for a boy. It was only natural to want a peek."

They both cringed.

"You're gross. I'm gettin' dressed now." Izzy jumped off the bed, leaving me there with my agitated wife.

Did I mention that she was holding a metal spatula?

It came across my leg hard. "I can't believe you said that to her. She's goin' to tell all her friends that you're obsessed with br**sts now."

I pulled her into my arms. "It's no secret."

She wriggled out of my hold and stood in front of me. After shaking her head, being at a loss for words, she walked out of the room, leaving me in bed all alone.

Twenty minutes later, after a shower, shave and a clean pair of clothes, I felt awake enough to join the chaos at the breakfast table. Miranda had made eggs and creamed chipped beef. I sat there staring at the boys, ripping apart bread and creating a tower on their plates. Knowing that they barely ate that much, it was obvious it would get wasted. "I think you both have enough bread."

They looked at me and kept ripping more pieces anyway.

Miranda handed me a cup of coffee and noticed their plates. "Seriously? Cut it out you two. It's too early for you to not listen. We're here to visit, not to cause anyone grief. Do you understand? I will let Uncle Colt put you over his knee."

They looked at each other and laughed at her.

"Hey, listen to your mother, or I'm going to put you over my knee after Colt's done with ya. Got it?"

Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Iz sitting quietly, eating her food, as if nothing crazy was going on around her. She smiled and I winked back at her, being thankful that one of the kids could act right at the table.

"Jax farted!"

Sometimes, though, it was hard not to laugh, especially considering that every meal consisted of some sort of conversation about poop or farts. "Do you want to not eat?"

"Jax, please go in the other room if you need to do that. This is the kind of thing that we don't do in other people's homes." Miranda was constantly giving them life lessons, not that they paid her any mind. I wondered if they were even listening to her, because all of the sudden an extremely loud passing of gas noise filled the room. The boys were falling over in laughter. Even Izzy was laughing. I tried to keep composure, for as long as I could hold my breath, but finally it was too difficult.

As soon as I started laughing, Miranda left the room. I didn't mean to contradict her correcting them, but they were a riot, and it wasn't like I hadn't done the same thing. They were just being boys.

Once she'd left, and they realized how mad they'd made her, they ate in silence. I sat there with them eating and enjoying the quiet.

Miranda came in when she was done eating her food and started rinsing off the plate. I got up and wrapped my arms around her as the boys went running outside. "Sorry I ruined your breakfast. I guess I'm cut off again."

She turned, but refused to kiss me. "Do you understand that everyone probably thinks we're the worst parents on the planet?"

I disagreed. "That's not true. We love our kids and take good care of them. Sure we get a little crazy, but we aren't bad parents."

"We're not like Van and Colt. Look at how well-behaved their kids act."

"Miranda, we have twin boys. Nobody expects them to be little angels."

"It's embarrassin'!" she argued. "While you're workin', I have to drag their asses in public. Do you know the things they do in grocery stores? Jax took a banana and put it between his legs, making it look like a c**k while running up and down the aisles the last time we went. I can't push a cart if I need to have a hand on both of their ears, Ty. The older they get, the more out of control it is. They stress me out and I want to scream. Being away from them this past month made them even worse. It's like they were attention deprived and are lashing out, and you aren't even payin' attention."

I think she was blowing it a little out of proportion, but I wasn't about to admit that out loud. "My mom will keep the boys when you need a break. She loves it."

"She does not. They wreck her house and exhaust her."

"Baby, calm down." I rubbed her shoulders. "They're being boys. They'll grow out of it."

She raised her eyebrow. "Like you did?"

Okay, in my defense, I did know how to be gentlemen, if I needed to be. "That was mean."

"Help me more with them, or you will seriously be cut off, Ty. I'm not kiddin'."

With threats of not being able to touch my wife on the line, I knew I had to get serious.

She had me by the balls and there was no way out of it. I would comply, for the sanity of my wife and the livelihood of my family jewels.

Chapter 8

Miranda

I was on edge, as if I still hadn't been able to relax since Bella got home. In the back of my mind I feared that something was going to fail again with her health. What if the doctors missed something and she was in danger with none of us suspecting anything? Maybe I was in some kind of self-defense mode, preparing for the possibility that something horrible could still happen to my precious little girl.

At any rate, I was being an all-around bitch, letting my emotions go crazy and taking them out on my family. The problem was that I didn't know how to relax.

Being in Kentucky made things a little easier, perhaps that's why Ty suggested we visited. He knew that being around my mom and the rest of the family would be something good for all of us.

After cleaning up breakfast with the help of Bella, I got changed and we all climbed into the spare golf cart. I assume that Colt had charged it, because it was working at top speed. Usually they forgot and we barely made it to his house before it died.

It was a nice five-minute ride to Colt and Van's house, and Bella could hardly contain her excitement. She loved Noah so much, and they shared a special bond that nobody would ever take away from them. Since she'd been sick, they'd missed out on time together. I knew once we pulled up at the house she'd be out of sight until we were ready to leave.

We should have suspected that something was wrong when they hadn't called or had come beating on the door first thing. As we pulled in, everything was quiet. Nobody was outside and the front door was closed. I knew every morning that door was opened to let the sunshine in. Colt always did his morning rounds and then came back for breakfast.

Ty looked at me, and I could tell that he was wondering the same thing. "It's weird, huh? Too quiet."

"Yeah," I said as I looked around. Both vehicles were out back as well as two Gators, the gas powered ATV's that Colt preferred to ride around the farm in. "I swear they said they'd be here. Van told me she was making dinner for us tonight. I texted her when we got here."

"Something's wrong."

"I hope you're wrong, Ty. My heart can't take much more. It's not even recovered yet from Bella being ill."

He patted my leg. "We better go see what's going on, before they bust in and make things ten times worse."

We climbed off and walked up the porch steps, both wondering what could possibly be happening inside.

The kids ran up to the front door, so we followed, worried. We stood there, waiting for someone to answer as the boys knocked in unison.

After a few minutes, Van appeared and opened the door slowly. She was in tears and I feared the health of one of the kids. I grabbed her arm, pushing my own children out of the way and pulling her into my arms. "What's wrong?"

She kept hugging me. "It's Sam. She died in Noah's bed last night. He woke up and found her. Oh God, it's so awful. I just can't believe it."

My heart immediately broke for Noah, Colt and their whole family. That dog had been around before they'd become a family. She was Noah's best buddy. "I'm so sorry."

I scanned the room, seeing that nobody was in the living room or kitchen. "Are they buryin' her?"

Van cried more, finally moving away from me and hugging Ty. He held her tightly, rubbing her back for support. "Where's Colt?"

"They're upstairs in Noah's room. He won't let Colt take her out of there. The girls don't understand what's going on, and Colt's a mess himself. He loved her so much, you know? We knew this day was coming, because she was getting up there in age, but I didn't know she'd die in Noah's bed like that. I guess she wanted to be with the person she loved the most, when she took her last breaths."

I looked at Ty, who genuinely looked as upset as I felt. We both knew she was just a dog, but she'd been so much more to this family. Bella tapped on my arm. "Mom, is it okay to go upstairs?"

"Why don't you wait down here until daddy goes up and checks on everyone?"

I didn't know if Colt would be okay with us barging in on this horrible morning they were having.

Ty reluctantly headed up the stairs. I could tell he was a little torn up, knowing how much a man could love his pet. When Colt was at his worst, he got Sam. She'd been his faithful companion for so many years. She watched the house fill with love and children and protected them with her life, whenever she'd gotten the chance. They needed to say goodbye to their loyal companion today, and it wasn't going to be easy for any of them.

Van led me into the kitchen. My kids followed, and thankfully remained quiet. "I guess we're going to have a dog funeral, so it's easier for the kids to say goodbye. Colt told Noah that he could pick the spot where they lay her to rest."

"What can I do to help?"

"Nothing. They haven't left the room, neither of them. They just keep petting her, waiting for her to respond to their touch. Colt knows she's gone, but I swear I've never seen him this emotional over an animal. We all loved her so much."

"I know."

She poured a cup of coffee and handed it to me, before making one for herself and grabbing the cream and sugar. We sat across from one another while the kids sat and waited on the couch. I almost wanted to laugh at how behaved they were acting in a tragic situation after having a terrible morning at the guesthouse. "This is all part of life. I guess the kids need to learn that everything dies at some point. We can't live forever, and they need to learn how to cope when this sort of thing happens. I just feel so bad, like my heart aches for the dog and my children. Then there's Colt. He was on his way to make rounds this morning and peeked in the room. Usually Sam gets up and rides with him. He said he called her a couple of times and she never budged. Then he walked in and felt her." Van sobbed before she could continue. "She was already stiff." I handed her a napkin and let her blow her nose. "Colt came into the bedroom in shock. He sat down on the edge of the bed and covered his face. I knew something was terribly wrong. When I started to get up and check on the kids, he called me back into the room."

"I would have thought it was the kids too."

"All he could say was her name. I stood over him, wrapping my arms around him and trying to be supportive, even when I could feel his heart breaking as we embraced. It's just so hard, saying goodbye to someone that's been in your life every single day for so long."

My throat started to burn as I fought back my own tears for this animal. She'd saved my daughter a few times, from snakes, bad weather, and stupid decisions.

Ty came downstairs alone. He leaned over and told our kids to go outside and play before heading into the kitchen. "I'm going to help Colt bury him once Noah finds a spot. He wants to know if Iz will go with him, so she's outside waiting. This day sucks."

Van faked a smile. "I'm glad you guys are here. I know it sucks, but Colt needs the distractions. He's not good with expressing his feelings, but between Noah crying and his own emotions, I know it's going to be difficult."

"What if we had a funeral? I can occupy the kids with the preparations. We can invite mine and Colt's moms and John. I think it would be good for Noah to know that we are all there for him and all of you."

Van played with her coffee cup, but continued to cry. "That would be really nice."

Two teary eyed girls came down and clung to Van's arms. Their sniffles filled the room and even Ty looked sad over it. He leaned down and faced them. "Aunt Miranda wants to have a celebration of Sam's life. Do you think you can help her make it happen?"

They both nodded.

He rubbed Christian's arm. "I know you loved Sam. We all did. She was pretty great, wasn't she?"

They nodded, but Christian finally spoke. "She was real good. I wish she didn't die."

Addy hid her face in her mother's arm. I could hear her sniffling and knew that neither of them fully understood what death was.

"Sam is in Heaven now."

"I want her to come home." Addy pouted.

"When you go to Heaven you can't come back here. I know it sucks, but she's happy and she's a puppy again."

"Is her fur still soft? Will someone pet her at night?" Christian wanted to know such simple answers. I wished that I could take away that emptiness she was feeling.

"I think she's probably gettin' pet by all kinds of angels, don't you, Uncle Ty?"

"Oh yeah. They're probably giving her whole steaks to eat, out of golden dishes."

Van sighed as we kept comforting the girls. They were going to be the easy ones to get through this trying time. Noah, who was older, understood the real meaning of death. He knew she wasn't coming back, and whether he believed that dogs went to Heaven was irrelevant. He was still burying his best friend. It wasn't going to hurt any less. "Would you like to make Sam something for the funeral?"

Addy nodded and Christian pulled out a chair and sat down. "I want to decorate her collar and make it pretty."

"Me too." Addy sat in the chair next to her sister.

Van got up. "I'll go get their craft boxes."

Ty stood up and patted me on the shoulder, whispering in my ear, "I'm going to try and get Noah to let us wrap her up and take her body outside. You okay in here with them?"

I nodded and smiled. "Of course."

He kissed me on the head and walked out of the kitchen, leaving me there with two heartbroken, very sweet little girls.

We hadn't come here to Kentucky to be sad, but I wouldn't miss being there for my family, not when they needed us as much as we needed them.

Chapter 9

Tyler

My first inkling was to get Colt calmed down enough to get the dog out of the house before she started smelling. She was cold and stiff, and her eyes were starting to look awful. Noah continued petting the dog as I walked in the room and knelt down at the foot of the bed so that I could be close to him.

Both he and his dad looked up at me. "She's dead, Uncle Ty. Sam's dead."

Man, it really broke my heart hearing that kid say it like he did. Colt shook his head and said nothing, not that I expected him to. As a guy, you wanted to be tough, especially around your kids, but I knew for a fact that it was tearing him up inside.

"I know, little dude. I'm really sorry. It sucks when someone you love dies."

"Yeah," he sniffled, and I could tell that he was trying real hard not to cry in front his dad or me. "She was a good girl."

"Izzy's downstairs, and she said she like to help you find the perfect spot to bury Sam, if you want her to."

He nodded. "I reckon it's a good idea."

I almost laughed, hearing him talk like his father.

"Get your clothes changed and head on out," Colt ordered.

Noah stood up and looked over at his father. "Be gentle with her, Dad. Just 'cause she's gone don't mean we can't take good care of her."

Colt didn't argue with his son, although I was sure he wasn't going to bring the dog's body any harm. "You got it, kid. Go on now."

Noah left the room reluctantly, looking back one last time at his companion.

I waited until we were alone to touch Colt's shoulder. "She was a good one."

He stared at her. "Yeah. That she was. It's a damn shame this shit happened in Noah's bed. He ain't never goin' to forget it."

"Colt, she was old. It was bound to happen somewhere. Let's get her covered up and carry her outside. The kids will find a spot and I'll help you dig out the hole."

"I'll use the Bobcat. If you want to help you can help me drive it over from the main barn where I keep the equipment."

"Yeah, sure."

Instead of wrapping her body in trash bags, which is what I would have done, Colt wrapped her in a sheet with cartoon characters all over it. We carried her out to the front porch and headed out to get the Bobcat.

We spotted the kids on the way and they showed us where they wanted to bury the dog. I watched Colt clenching his jaw and knew the day was going to be especially hard on him.

I shot Miranda a message, letting her know where the kids had wandered to, right before climbing onto the Bobcat and following Colt back to the spot.

Colt did the digging with the machine, probably needing the time inside the little thing to gather his thoughts. He'd always shut down as a self-coping mechanism. I didn't understand how someone could keep their pain bottled up like the way he did.

Once the hole was large enough to fit a car - yes, that is how big he dug it - we headed back to the house. I'm sure Miranda had helped, but Van had lunch waiting for us. Noah and Izzy hadn't come back inside, but I figured that having them spending time together was the best remedy. If anyone could keep his mind off of losing Sam, it was Izzy.

The younger kids sat in the kitchen eating. The adults retreated to the dining room where we sat there quietly, not knowing what to say to each other. Van must have hated that nobody was talking. She cleared her voice after finishing a bite of her sandwich. "How was the drive? Did the kids behave?"

"As much as can be expected. They slept for a lot of it, until Ty slammed on the brakes and pretended we were crashin'."

"You didn't?" She looked at me with wide eyes. "Never mind. I take it back when it has something to do with you."

"It was funny at the time. Besides, Miranda knows how I am."

"A child in a grown up body?"

Van laughed at her comment.

I shook my head. "No! A dad with a sense of humor."

While we bickered, Colt got up and walked in the direction of his office. A few seconds later, Colt's mom came walking in the door. Noah walked over to her and let her comfort him.

I couldn't stand it anymore. Being in this house for one more second was setting me crazy. I knew they needed to say goodbye and everyday things would get easier, but watching these kids so sad was too much for me.

Without telling Miranda what I was up to, I retreated to the bathroom, where I started looking for Lab puppies for sale in the area. I found two ads right away and saved the numbers.

Once I was outside, I called and found out that there was a female Lab who was ten weeks old and looking for a home. Colt was going to kill me, but I was going to get them a dog so that the kids could smile again.

After I let Iz in on my secret plan, we snuck away. Miranda texted me and I told her that Iz and I were doing something special to cheer everyone up. I knew she didn't trust my judgment, so of course I got plenty more messages with her demanding to know what I was up to.

I sort of knew she'd try to talk me out of it, so I ignored her messages, knowing she'd forgive me at some point.

"Daddy, I think it's really nice what you're doin'."

"I hope everyone else feels that way."

"Noah's really sad." She looked out the window as she spoke.

I started paying attention to the directions on the navigation, so we didn't get lost. "All pets die, babe. It's part of life. As sad as it is, we all learn to cope."

"So you're not gettin' them a dog so they can forget about Sam?"

"No, of course not. I'm getting them a puppy so they can start over. Sam may be gone, but they loved having her around. A new puppy will fill that void and make it easier for them to move on. Understand?"

"Yeah, I'm eleven, not five, dad."

I rolled my eyes. "I'm aware of how old you are, Iz. I was there when you were born, remember?"

She smiled and looked over at me. "I can't forget it when you remind me ALL the time."

"That day changed my life. I can't help it if it's one of the best days I've ever experienced. I want everyone to know. I'll scream it from the rooftops and tell every boy that tries to date you. I say try, because there is no way I'll ever let you date a boy."

"Dad, stop. Please. You're embarassin' me."

"Do you know that if you tongue kiss a boy, you can get pregnant?"

"Eww! Gross. Kissin' with a tongue?"

I was happy that she didn't seem to know what French kissing was. "It's true. Don't you ever let a boy stick his tongue in your mouth, you hear me?"

"Yes. I hear you. Can we please talk about something else?"

I laughed, ignoring the fact that I'd lied. She needed to be scared of boys, so that they wouldn't have the chance to ever hurt her.

I pulled up at the address a little while later. Iz refused to talk for the rest of the ride. I think she was regretting going with me because of my choice of topics. When she was an adult she'd understand.

We knocked on the door, waiting for someone to answer so we could see the puppy. I wasn't about to buy some mutt. Colt would want the real deal when it came to a puppy. He'd always had Labs growing up, so I knew I wasn't going wrong.

A woman, looking to be my age, opened the door. She invited us in and froze when she saw Iz. She looked from me to my daughter and then back to me again.

I shook it off, thinking nothing of it.

We walked into the kitchen, where we saw one puppy and its mother. The mother came over to smell and greet us, and within seconds so did the pup. She was chocolate in color and had light hazel eyes. Iz picked her up and kissed her, while I went to ask about the pup's health.

The little chocolate Lab was going to be perfect, so I pulled out the cash and paid for her, excited that I had something for everyone to smile about.

The seller filled out the paperwork for me to take and we were almost out the door before she came running. "Wait! I have puppy food you can take with you. I won't use it anymore."

She handed me the bag and leaned down to pet the puppy that Izzy was holding. "I really hope you enjoy her. She's super sweet."

Izzy smiled. "She's not for me. We live in North Carolina. This puppy is for my cousin and his family."

"How sweet is that? Does he have a big yard for her to run in?"

"They own the Mitchell Ranch."

The woman's eyes got wide. "Oh my goodness. That's why you look familiar. You're Miranda Healy and Tucker Chase's daughter. It was a shame he was such a loser. He sure did make a pretty little girl."

My stomach dropped and I immediately jumped in front of them. "I'm her father." I looked over at Iz. "Put the puppy in the truck, sweetie."

I watched as she climbed in the vehicle, and then turned to the woman. "I didn't mean to upset you."

"I'm the only father that child has ever known. You may have just ruined my life, lady."

She put her hands over her face. "Oh God. I'm so sorry. Miranda and I were friends. I knew she was married, but I didn't know."

The damage was done.

"I better get home."

I didn't know who this person was, but in a matter of seconds I saw the wheels turning in Izzy's head. As soon as I got into the SUV, she started asking questions that I didn't want to answer.

"Who's Tucker? How did that lady know Mom? Why would she say he was my dad?"

"I don't know, sweetie. She must be confused."

"Maybe Mommy knows who Tucker is."

I thought about Miranda, Van, and everyone else whose life Tucker Chase had ruined. He wasn't just an evil ghost we never wanted to think about again. He was the only thing that I'd never be able to be. His blood ran through my daughter's veins, and I couldn't fathom her knowing it.

The problem was, the more she questioned and got no answers, the more curious she became. By the time we pulled back up at the ranch, my stomach was in knots, and I was certain I was going to throw up my lunch from earlier.

Miranda was back at the guest house when she saw Iz getting out with the puppy. I stayed in the car and waited for her to walk over to open the door. "I can't believe you went out and got them a puppy. That is the sweetest thing, Tyler Mitchell. You see there are reasons that I love you so much." When I sat there, emotionless, Miranda got concerned. "What is it? What's wrong? Did Colt say he didn't want the puppy?"

"The person we got the puppy from knew you. She asked if Iz was yours and Tucker's daughter."

The words hurt to say.

They hurt so much.

Miranda looked as shocked as I felt. "Oh, baby. I'll tell her that I don't know who Tucker is, okay? She never has to know."

I just sat there.

"Ty, nothin' bad is goin' to happen. I'll tell her she was mistaken. It's goin' to be fine."

I let her hug me as I climbed out of the vehicle, but I didn't feel reassured. I couldn't as long as Iz was questioning it. A lie like that could ruin my life and the bond we shared. If I lost that, I didn't know what I'd do.

"I hope you're right, Miranda. Right now, I feel like my heart is going to be ripped out of my chest."

"I promise."

Somehow, doing something good for my family could have cost me my happiness, and they didn't even know it yet.

Chapter 10

Miranda

When I saw the look on Tyler's face, I knew something was very wrong. Then he told me what had happened. It felt like the life was being ripped out of me. I wasn't sure who he'd bought the puppy from, or if they were ever considered a friend to me, but whatever they'd said to him may have ruined the secret we'd spent years trying to cover up.

People may have said we were bad parents for living with a lie that was so serious. As a mother, all I ever wanted to do was protect my children. I needed to protect them from the evil that was out there in the world.

Tucker Chase was the devil. He'd beat me, cheated on me, lied to me, and that wasn't even the worst of his actions.

For money, he'd kidnapped a pregnant Van and tortured her, causing her to fight for her life and lose a child she spent years trying to have. She'd killed him in self-defense, and it wasn't exactly easy to cope with. She lost her mind after that, and almost lost Colt.

Tucker's mom was just as evil. After running into her years ago, Ty and I made the decision to do whatever it took to make sure they had nothing to do with Bella's life.

My husband risked everything for our daughter, even the possibility of losing me. We thought that when we added Ty's name to the birth certificate, that nobody else could ever hurt us. I had no idea that someone would come into our lives and stir everything up again.

Bella wasn't just our daughter, she was Ty's world. We'd gone through hell when she fell ill, and now this was happening, possibly damaging everything the two of them shared together.

I couldn't let something so awful happen. I couldn't let her ever find out that Tucker had anything to do with her life. He was nothing but a sperm donor. He'd never wanted her and made it very clear to everyone he spoke to. I couldn't believe he was getting to me from the grave.

I felt sick hearing his name and was willing to lie right to my daughter's face if it would ensure her happiness and my family's stability.

With his emotions running deep, it was best to let him be alone until I figured out if Bella was suspicious, or if she'd forget all about it, like it never happened.

The first thing I needed to do was be around her and see if she asked me anything. I didn't have to wait long, considering as soon as she saw me she came running over. Her question was sudden and my heart dropped hearing his name coming out of her mouth. "Mom, who is Tucker?"

"Tucker? Tucker who?" I tried to play it off like I'd never heard the name before.

"We went to get the puppy and some lady said that a man named Tucker was my dad."

"Bella, you know who your father is. She must have been confused, that's all. Why would you even question it? There's no two people more bonded than you are with your dad. That's crazy."

"She said she knew you."

"It's been a long time. She must have gotten me mixed up with another one of our friends."

"So did you have a friend named Tucker?" Her questions continued.

"Not that I can remember." She could keep asking, but my answers would remain the same. Tucker was an evil person. He didn't deserve to be acknowledged as anyone that I knew. He'd put our family through hell, and none of us wanted to have that part of our past brought up.

"Are you mad at me for askin'?"

I ran my hand through her blonde hair. "Of course not. I just don't want your dad gettin' his feelin's hurt over somethin' so silly. I think you need to find him and give him a hug."

She ran off before replying and I felt like everything was going to be okay.

The kids had all come outside, including Colt and Van. They were paying close attention to the little bundle of fur that Ty had gotten for them.

Van had the pup in her arms and was cuddling with it, while Colt stood there with his arms folded across his chest. I walked over to him and looked over at the puppy. "Is this okay with you? I know it's really soon."

Van let down the puppy and the children crowded around it. It sucked up their attention, and I could tell they were instantly in love.

Colt motioned toward his kids, especially focusing on Noah. "If it puts a smile on their faces, I guess it's a good idea. We still need to bury Sam, but maybe it won't be so hard. Ever since Ty walked over with that puppy I haven't seen a single tear. It's a big change from how things started for us this mornin'."

I wrapped my arm inside of my cousin's. "Sam was a great dog, Colt. Ty wasn't tryin' to replace her. He just wanted to make the kids happy. He wanted to make you happy. You know how he is. He's a sucker for being a hero."

He patted my hand with his. "I know. He could have waited, but I get it. He's a good uncle; a pain in the ass sometimes, but definitely a good man."

"Thanks for sayin' that." Ty would appreciate Colt's words, considering how much he looked up to his older cousin. Colt was always the better man when it came to measuring up. Everyone that knew him would agree.

I walked over to find Ty standing by himself. From the look on his face, I could tell that he wasn't settled down. "Hey, babe. You alright?"

"My daughter asked you if I was her father. How the hell do you think I feel?"

"Jesus, don't take it out on me. I talked to her. It's fine now. I told her the woman didn't know what she was talkin' about. She thinks the lady got mixed up." I wrapped my arms around my husband's body. "Please calm down. It sucked that you had to go through that, but she doesn't suspect nothin', Ty. She was just a curious little girl who got confused. Bella knows you are her dad. You'd be a fool to not know that already."

He kissed the top of my head. "I'm sorry, baby. I didn't mean to take it out on you. I'm freaking out over here. Thinking about losing her kills me. I was trying to do something nice for my nieces and nephews and I ended up getting my heart ripped out. It f**king sucked."

"You're worryin' about nothin'." He needed reassurance. More than anyone, I could understand his fears. Isabella was Ty's weakness. The fear of losing her, in any way, made him shut down. I feared the day she became a teenager and started dating, because I knew it would break his heart when she fell in love with another man. I guess it was a father's biggest fear, giving up that bond that he and his daughter shared.

"I hope you're right. If the truth ever came out, it would kill me. We've worked so hard to bury that secret."

Van caught us off guard. "What secret are you two burying?"

Ty looked over at our cousin and his closest confidant. "Tucker Chase."

Van's eyes lit up. "That's a name I never wanted to hear again. Why would you bring that up? I never want to think about that son of a bitch again."

I felt for Van, who had lost a baby because of my scum of an ex. "Van, it's not what you think. Bella and Ty got the puppy from someone that knew me and Tucker. She asked her if she was mine and Tucker's daughter in front of Ty. It just happened and we're tryin' to make sure Bella thinks the woman was mistaken. She can't know Tucker ever existed."

"Does she believe you?"

"I hope so. I mean, I am her mother, and I told her the woman was confused. I told her I never knew anyone by that name. I wish I never did."

"Don't say that. Izzy wouldn't be here, and we'd never have this life or our twins. Everything happens for a reason." I appreciated that he was trying to be positive.

"Ty's right," Van added. "We've all got so much to be happy about. It sucks that the woman mentioned him, but as long as Bella thinks nothing of it, everything will be fine. Come on, we're here to spend time together. Let's stop feeling so depressed and have some fun."

"Van's right. I'm freaking out over nothing. Iz has no reason to doubt who I am to her. I've been with her for as long as she can remember. She chose me to be her dad, right?"

"Right," I agreed.

Ty finally smiled and we headed back to the front where everyone else congregated.

He walked over and hugged Bella and I watched her smiling at his affections. It was all I needed to put my mind at ease. My family was the most important thing to me, and I felt like I wanted to hunt down that woman and beat her senseless for upsetting Ty.

Chapter 11

Tyler

After the whole fiasco happened, I kept to myself for the rest of the afternoon, with the exception of helping Colt bury Sam. We waited until just before dinner and let the kids put in everything they'd made for her.

Noah was especially emotional, but he did his best to try to hide it from all of us. Even my in-laws and Colt's mother came to support Noah and the rest of the heartbroken children.

The dog funeral was pretty cute. Each child put something in the hole and then we stood around. Noah stepped forward, with tears in his eyes. Christian walked up and clung to her brother's side. He took a deep breath and sat a shoe box down on top of the body. "This is for you, girl." He was crying harder. "I put your favorite ball inside and some of those army men you loved to chew on. Mom packed a sandwich bag full of your favorite treats and I wrote you a letter about all of our secret missions we had in the woods. Thanks for being my best friend for all these years. Nobody knows this, but I remember the first day I showed up here at the ranch. I was so scared that night and you never left my side. You've slept in bed with me every night since then." My nephew took a second to calm down, but was unsuccessful. "I'm goin' to miss you so much, girl. Have fun in Heaven. I'll see you there one day."

I looked over at Van, who was crying and holding Addy. Colt stood behind them with his head down. He'd grown up understanding that pets were just pets, but I think we all knew that Sam had been so much more to him than that.

I grabbed Miranda's hand and watched my boys standing there with their sister.

For a few moments everyone was quiet.

"Alright, everyone go on inside. Uncle Ty and I will take care of the rest."

As the crowd of family did as Colt requested, Noah stayed behind. "Dad, you mind if I stay and do it? I think Sam would want me to help."

Cold motioned for Noah to use the bobcat. We both stood there and watched his strong son pushing the dirt with the big machine. Inside of the little box he was crying, saying goodbye the only way he knew how.

I patted Colt on the back. "You alright, cuz?"

"Yeah. Thanks for the puppy. After seein' this, I think it was one of the best ideas you've ever had."

"I don't think Noah's going to forget about Sam anytime soon. She was an awesome dog."

"That she was."

We helped Noah finish and returned the bobcat to the barn before we headed back inside.

Izzy was waiting for Noah to return. As soon as we walked in the door, she followed him upstairs to his room. Since there'd been no mention of what had taken place earlier, I felt that things were going to go on as if it never happened.

The house was full of voices, laughter and commotion. As big as it was, there was never enough room for the kids to run around and act crazy all at the same time.

Christian was tough, but the twins ganged up on her every chance they got. This visit was no exception.

I heard screaming right after we'd gotten up from dinner. My legs couldn't get up the stairs fast enough. In the playroom, I found Jax and Jake standing over Addy and Christian. They'd pulled all of the heads off of their Barbie's. Christian was hysterical, holding two parts up for me to see. "Look what they did? I hate them. I hate them so much!"

Van came running up and put her hand over her mouth. She looked at me and I started laughing. I didn't mean it, but it was just too funny.

"Get your little butts out of this playroom right now!" She pointed toward the door and watched the twins run out.

I grabbed one of the Barbie's and started putting the heads back on, one at a time. "Sorry girls."

"They're stupid! We're not playing with them anymore."

"Yeah, anymore," Addy repeated her sister.

I looked up at my nieces and watched Van kneel down and start helping to fix the dolls. "They are stupid, but they're your family. I know you don't like them right now, but one day you'll be friends. I promise."

"Yeah, right. I don't want to be friends with those stinky boys." Christian scrunched up her face like the boys were repulsive.

Van started laughing. "You know, Mommy and Uncle Ty knew each other as kids. I used to think he was stinky too."

"You did?" They seemed shocked as both girls looked from me to Van.

"Yeah, she hated me. She said I was a turd, like every single day. I tried to share my cookies with her and everything."

She nudged me and laughed. "He also called me a boy and so did your daddy."

The girls started to giggle. "They did?"

"Yes. Then one day everything changed. Now I love them both and Uncle Ty is right. One day you will all be friends. It's how family is." Van handed Christian the last Barbie and we both stood up as they began to play again.

Once outside of the playroom, she stopped me. "How are you doing?"

"It's been a shitty day."

"I'm sorry that happened to you, Ty. You have to know how much Bella loves you."

"You know what it's like, wishing that you could be that one thing to them that you can't ever be. My blood will never run through her veins and as many times as I try to think it doesn't matter, something always reminds me of how much it does. How much longer can I live with this lie, Van? Will it be when she gets sick again? When she's a teenager? When she's an adult? Don't you think that the longer the lie lasts the worse the repercussions will be?"

"You don't want to tell her the truth, do you?"

I shrugged. "No. I want to be her father. It's all I want."

Van hugged me tightly and I rested my head on her shoulder. "I wish Noah was mine, but I'm okay knowing that he loves me no matter what. I have to believe that Bella would feel the same way about you. She's always loved you, Ty."

I pulled away and kissed her forehead. "Thanks."

When we got back downstairs, Miranda and Colt were sitting at the table with cards dealt. "What took you so long?"

"Yeah," Colt laughed. "We saw the boys come runnin' down. What'd they do now?"

Van sat down next to her husband. "They ripped the heads off all the Barbie's."

Miranda and Colt began to laugh. My wife looked at me and shook her head. "They get it from their father. I swear he reads them his book of pranks every night before bed."

"I don't have a book, but I bet people would buy that shit." Miranda wouldn't complain if my actions made her rich. "Just think about it, baby, I could buy you diamonds, fancy cars, and all the sex toys your heart desires."

Miranda kicked me under the table. "Shut up. I don't care about any of that. I'd rather have a husband that knew how to act his age, at least for twenty four hours in a row."

"Sorry, I'd need a lot of medication for something like that to happen," I teased.

Colt shook his head and we saw the twins walking in the kitchen. The puppy had been sleeping in the corner and Jax picked her up. "Get up puppy."

They started carrying her out of the room. "Hey, where do you think you're going with her?"

"Nowhere," Jake replied.

The four of us knew that nothing always meant something. "Put that dog down and go find something to do that doesn't cause destruction, or I'm going to take you to the guest house and leave your butts there alone. Remember that monster living under the bed?"

They put the puppy down and ran out of the kitchen.

Miranda nudged me. "Great, Ty. They're goin' to be sleepin' with us tonight."

She was right, but at least I got a kick out of seeing them scared

"They're sleeping here, right Colt?" I smiled and looked over at my cousin, who didn't seem amused. "That's what Van told me upstairs."

She tried to kick me under the table, but ended up making contact with Miranda's leg. "Ouch, shit! That was my leg!" Miranda leaned down and rubbed her limb while Van put her hands over her face.

"Oh my God, I'm sorry. I meant to kick the ass sitting next to you."

Miranda elbowed me as I began to laugh.

"Actually, Ty, I recall Randa and Savanna sayin' the kids were all stayin' at the guest house with you, on account of us needin' some alone time."

"What do you need alone time for? You're too old to perform. Did the Doc finally prescribe you Viagra?"

Colt looked annoyed, but realized that if he tried to come back at me, I'd keep pushing his buttons. "Yeah, that's exactly what happened. In fact, I already took one a few minutes ago. In about an hour, we're goin' to need to go upstairs."

The room got quiet, and only him and I started laughing.

Van shook her head. "I heard those pills make a man last for like four hours. Who has time for that? I want twenty minutes and then I'm ready for bed."

Miranda giggled. "I know, right? It's a good thing Ty's a minute man."

They laughed more.

I gave them both dirty looks. "I have never been a minute man."

That was apparently funnier. They reached across the table and held hands laughing, as if they'd discussed the subject before.

"Keep telling yourself that, Ty."

Even Colt, who normally got pissed when my old relationship with Van was brought up, seemed amused. "You got them gangin' up on you now, cuz."

"Yeah, paybacks are a bitch.

"It's not your fault. Some men just can't perform for long periods of time. That's what they created vibrators for," Van blurted out.

"Right, every woman owns a rabbit," Miranda added.

"Are we going to play cards, or make fun of me all night?"

Colt reached his arms behind his head. "I'm pretty entertained."

It was a good thing the puppy was in the kitchen, because the smell of dog shit got everyone's attention at once. "Whoa!"

"Oh crap!" Van jumped up and grabbed paper towels and cleaner. "I've never trained a puppy before. How long does it normally take?"

Colt laughed. "Darlin', it's goin' to take a little more than one day. Don't worry, I'll make sure we all take turns lettin' her out."

I had to laugh, knowing that Van never really had pets. She didn't have a clue when it came to puppies. It was pretty funny, considering her husband ran a ranch full of livestock.

After a good fifteen minutes, we settled down and started playing rummy. The kids passed out in the living room, except for Izzy and Noah, who stayed up in his room playing with their tablets. They were getting too old to play with the little ones anyway.

When it came time to head out, Colt and I carried the boys to the golf cart. Izzy always spent the night with Noah, which was good, because carrying three sleeping kids was difficult.

We didn't spend time changing into pajamas. Instead we stripped down to our underwear and climbed into bed. Miranda turned to face me and smiled. "You're still thinkin' about today, aren't you?"

I shrugged and played with her blonde hair. "I can't help it."

"She's yours in every way, babe. No one can ever take that away from you."

"In my heart, I know that. I'd do anything to protect her from bein' hurt. I guess I never considered that something as stupid as buying a puppy could jeopardize everything we have."

Miranda pulled my hand up to her lips and kissed the back of my knuckles. She slid her cheek over the back of my hand and closed her eyes. "You're the best thing that's ever happened to us. After all we've been through, and everything you've done to protect us, I'd never, in a million years, allow anyone to take her from you."

I leaned over and kissed my wife, keeping my lips there on her skin. "I love you, baby. For the record, I can last way longer than five minutes and you know it. So does Van, for that matter. You two suck."

Miranda laughed so hard she snorted. "You got so mad about it. It was funny."

I jumped on top of her and she laughed more, losing her breath. "I'll show you what's funny."

If she thought I could only last five minutes, I was going to make sure she never said it again. Only one thing could take my mind off of Izzy, and it was making sweet love to my wife.

Tomorrow was another day and as long as I had my girls, and my boys, everything would work itself out.

Chapter 12

Miranda

His kisses never got old, especially when they were kissing areas of my body that nobody else got to see. As he pulled down my panties, I could feel his wet lips leaving a trail of saliva over my hip. My ass lifted, and I felt the fabric moving down until they were coming off of my ankles. Ty was up on his knees, splitting my legs so that he could get up between them. I moaned when I grabbed both of my ankles and felt him teasing me with his hard cock. With the boys a couple rooms over, we didn't have time to savor each other like I would have wanted to, but I also knew that Ty was determined to prove something to me.

He'd been so offended when Van and I ganged up on him, accusing him of not being able to last for more than five minutes. I guess men were sensitive when it came to anything having to do with their meat.

"You better hurry up, before one of them comes beatin' on the door," I whispered.

"Let them beat on it. I'm going all night."

I rolled my eyes, but gasped when he entered me. He pulled me up to sit on top of his legs, and held onto my ass so he could be in control of the pace. Ty's kisses were ravenous, all because of a silly mission. Both of us knew that there was no way we'd last all night, not that either of us would even want to. Sleep was like a pot of gold after the day that we'd had. If either of us wanted to be able to keep up with the boys the next day, we'd need at least six or seven hours, otherwise they'd try to take over the world.

Our tongues collided, and even with little foreplay, I could feel my body changing as it became highly turned on. Tingling had begun in my ni**les, especially when Ty reached up and pinched them. His fingers were rough and it added an extra tickle each time they brushed across my hardened points.

My bra was only lingering on my arms, so he pulled it off of me and set it to the side of us while I began rocking on top of him.

The cold room had become hot instantly as the friction between us brought our bodies to the brink of sweating. I ran one hand over my naked husband's chest, peering into his eyes, while our skin vibrated together. Our strides were slow and matched as we became consumed in the moment.

We both needed release, but Ty longed for it. He needed to feel connected to someone after the emotional day he'd experienced. I wanted him to feel my love radiating towards him. He needed to know that, no matter what happened in our lives, I was never going to leave his side.

For what I thought was more about Ty, I had invested an increasing amount of my own emotions into our love making. I ended up reaching my arms under his and holding onto the back of his shoulders. I kissed the soft skin of his chest as I rested my head there. Ty lifted my ass up and let it fall back down, his erection filling me and then leaving me, making me need more. My legs were wrapped around his back, where he liked them. He grabbed my long hair and pulled my head away from his chest, roughly kissing me on the mouth and biting my bottom lip as he pulled away. I grabbed his neck and applied pressure, staring him in the eye as I watched him become increasing aroused from my actions.

I dug one of my hands into his thick head of hair and gripped a chunk of it. He tried to bite me again, but I pulled away before he had the chance. It made me aroused to fight him, to play with him during sex. He squeezed my ass cheeks and dug his nails into my tender skin. I tightened my butt muscles and he groaned, feeling the change to the inner walls of my pu**y. Our love/lust kept us fueled as our speed increased. Ty was at the brink and I was determined for us to come together.

I could feel him pumping his release inside of me. My head fell back and I cried out as the friction rubbed firmly on my clit. My body bucked and I could feel myself being taken over with pleasure.

We kissed slowly, holding our sweaty bodies in place.

Ty pulled away and looked at the bedside table. "Seventeen minutes, baby. Take that and shove it where the sun don't shine."

I smacked his chest and started laughing. "We were only kiddin' anyway, Mr. Sensitive."

"That was mean. Now Colt has something else to one up me with."

"Ty, you do realize that you are both in your thirties? It's time to stop competing for who can do better at what. Clearly Colt doesn't care like you do."

"Baby, when it comes to my meat, I want to be the best. Trust me, Colt still competes with me. He just doesn't have the balls to admit it."

"Oh God, now you're goin' to compete with ball size?"

Ty shook his head and lifted me off of him. "My balls are perfect, and if he asks, that's what you're going to tell him."

"Okay, babe. I'll tell Colt, our cousin, that your balls are awesome. Is that good enough?"

He got under the covers after unlocking the door and slipping on a pair of boxers. "It will do. Now come over here and get back in my arms. It's a miracle that the wonder twins aren't at the door."

I crawled in next to him and wrapped my arms around him. "Goodnight, Mr. Sensitive."

"Goodnight, wife of the magnificent meat man."

I closed my eyes and chose to remain speechless.

The next morning, I felt something dripping on my face and opened my eyes, sitting up suddenly. Jake was giggling and had ducked down to hide from me. He was too slow though. I grabbed him by the shirt and lifted him up to my eye level. "What are you doin'?" I whispered.

He shrugged and giggled more. "Nothin'."

"Jake, don't lie to me. Why is my head wet?"

"Jax told me to do it."

I looked around the room and saw him standing over his father's sleeping body. He had both hands behind his back and, from the look on his face, was up to something mischievous. "What's behind your back?"

I heard something fall and splatter on the hardwood floor. He looked down and then back at me, shrugging like nothing had happened. "I don't know."

I looked at Ty and noticed that whatever they were dripping had left a creamy substance over his head. I reached over and touched it, smelled it, and then finally tasted it. "Seriously? Ya'll put vanilla pudding on our heads?"

I rubbed my forehead, and sure enough, it was covered in drops of more pudding.

As my body sprung off the bed, I watched them running out of the room, leaving a mess on the other side. A half used pudding cup had fallen on the floor and splattered everywhere. Beside it was a straw, full of pudding. Apparently, they'd taken the pudding and sucked it up in the straw and then let it drip all over our heads as we slept.

Who does things like that?

My kids, that's who.

Ty rolled over and saw me cleaning the mess off the floor. "What the hell are you doing?"

"Your sons thought it would be cool to put puddin' all over our faces while we slept."

He wiped his face and realized it was all over him. "What the shit? Where are they?" He sat up and looked around the room.

"If they're smart, they're halfway to Colt's by now."

He stood up, yawned and then stretched. "I'll handle it."

"You better, because when I get a hold of them, their asses are goin' to hurt so bad they won't be able to sit for weeks."

I was getting tired of their shenanigans. Why couldn't they let us sleep in one day? Instead of being considerate, they spent every waking minute conjuring up plans to annoy the hell out of us. It drove me crazy.

I found them standing on chairs in the kitchen, washing dishes. With my hands on my hips, I took a deep breath and prepared to scream at them. For a second, I watched them cleaning, doing something that was nice for a change, and decided to wait until they were finished.

I sat on the couch, watching them. Once they finished, I sat them each in a chair. "I'm tryin' to think of a good punishment for the two of you, but I think I have a better idea. I think I'm goin' to let your uncle put you to work. Obviously, you don't want to behave, so maybe a day of cleaning up horse crap will do you some good."

"Mom, please. We won't do it again," Jax pleaded.

"Yeah, we promise," Jake added.

"Too late. Get dressed and get some shoes on. Maybe the next time you want to do somethin' sneaky you'll think twice."

I watched their faces change from desperate to devastated. They retreated to the bedroom, while I sat there, enjoying the moment of silence.

Ty turned to me and started laughing. "You know Jake is going to throw up, right?"

Jake's weak stomach would be no match for piles of fresh horse feces. "Yeah, I know it."

He rubbed his hands together. "We need to get this on video."

I pushed him. "You're awful."

"Blackmail makes a boy a man."

I started to walk away. "You're ridiculous."

He smacked my ass. "You love it."

He was right.

I did.

Colt got a kick out of the boys being punished with work. Noah, on the other hand, liked that someone else had to shovel shit for the day. I also think he was happy, because it gave him more time with his cousin.

My mother and John, who'd only stopped by for a short time the day before, had showed up early for a breakfast at Colt's mom's house. She and Lucy were overly excited to be able to entertain. They invited Van's parents, who also offered to help cook.

Since there was so many of us, breakfast turned out to be brunch. We were all starving.

The weather was nice enough that we all went out to the pool yard and sat at the round table surrounding the area. The cover was on the pool, and Jake and Jax thought it was cool that you could run across it and not get wet. While the adults sat around enjoying our time together, the kids played tag on the cover. Noah and Bella went off somewhere, like they usually did when they were together. I was trying to relax and enjoy my time with family, but I noticed one thing and it was driving me crazy. Bella never spoke to her father. I think Ty noticed it too. He watched her leave with Noah, and from the look on his face, I could tell there was something wrong.

The problem was, I was afraid to find out what it could be.

Chapter 13

Tyler

I wasn't in the mood, after the morning with the boys, to deal with more of a cold shoulder from my daughter. Because of the new puppy, and their fascination with her, I chalked Izzy's silent treatment up to her being preoccupied. She was with her cousin and they always seemed to go off on their own.

I was convinced that it had to be my guilty conscience getting the best of me. Sure, I felt guilty every day for having to lie to Izzy, but it was for her own good. I didn't become her father to ruin her life. I became her father because it was what I was meant to do. I believed, in my heart and soul, that she was always meant to be my child. I did it to protect her and to give her the life that she deserved.

Since we had to leave that next morning, Miranda made it a point to offer my help to Colt. He was trying to clear out an area in the backyard to build the kids a playhouse. Noah had a tree house at the edge of the woods, but he was having a problem allowing his sisters up there, and I think Van had a problem with them being so young and so high up in the air.

Addy was shy and refused to do things by herself, where Christian liked to explore. She was the child to walk off in a busy store and cause a commotion.

Colt and I used a tractor and the Bobcat to clear away the tree debris that he'd cut the week earlier, while John stuck around and starting splitting the wood up to be used in the fireplace when the weather got colder. He used a large mechanical wood splitter that was loud, but split the wood perfectly to fit in a fireplace. It beat using a huge axe and pulling out his back.

The twins were obsessed with watching him place a large log on the machine and watching it bust into smaller pieces. When they fell to the ground, the boys would pick them up and stack them. To them, John had become their Pop Pop. They loved doing things with him and, because he was the sheriff, they thought he was badass.

While they seemed occupied, Colt and I focused on what we were doing. We didn't notice Noah and Izzy riding away from the house on a four-wheeler. Miranda came running out, seeming upset. She was waving her arms in the air trying to get our attention. Finally I turned off the tractor and jumped down to see what she was doing. She had become out of breath from running and hunched over. "The kids just took off on a four-wheeler."

"So what's the problem?"

She looked up at me and I noticed that something was very wrong. Miranda had tears in her eyes, but she wouldn't say it. I grabbed her and looked directly at her. "Talk to me. What's wrong?"

She reached in her pocket and pulled out a folded piece of paper. I started opening it as she spoke. "Van found this on Noah's bed. It seems they were up all night, looking into him to see if he really existed."

When I got the paper fully opened I saw that it was a printed obituary for Tucker Chase. Listed under family members was Isabella Chase.

I felt like I'd been stabbed directly in the heart.

As my legs began to weaken, my wife grabbed both of my arms and steadied me. "Ty, I don't know what they know. This is all that was on his bed. It doesn't mean anything. We can just tell her that a friend of mine had a daughter with the same name."

I couldn't control the emotions that were taking over. My throat burned and I fought back the tears as I stared at the obituary of someone that we all wanted to stay dead and buried. "This can't be happening."

"She's curious, Ty. Wouldn't you be?"

I rolled the paper up and threw it as far as it would go. In the meantime, Colt had climbed off of the Bobcat and come rushing over. "What's goin' on?"

He picked up the paper that had only traveled a good five feet. From the look on his face, I knew he was thinking the same thing as I was. "I guess they sat up last night and researched."

"I'll take his computer away." Colt's threats meant nothing. Who knew how much more they'd dug?

"It doesn't matter. At some point she's going to figure it out if she hasn't already." I ran my hands through my hair and turned around so I wasn't looking at Colt or Miranda.

"I'll go find them," Colt suggested.

"No! I can't. I can't look her in the eye right now. I'm not ready for this."

Miranda touched my back and I just stood there, unresponsive. "Babe, don't get upset. You don't know."

I turned angrily. "I don't know what, Miranda? I do know. I know I've lied to her for her whole life. She'll forgive you, because you're her real birth parent. I'm not. Don't you get it? The damage is done." I stormed off, leaving them standing there.

When I got back in the house, I went into the bathroom and ran water over my face before sitting down on the closed toilet seat and losing it. I put my hands over my face and felt the burning tears falling down my cheeks. I was a grown man who'd made the decision to love a little girl. I'd done everything for her, including giving her my name. How could I imagine my life without her love?

How could I look her in the eye and admit to being a liar?

How would she ever be able to love me again?

The pain ripped through me, and I was too upset to realize that Van had opened the door and come into the bathroom. She knelt down in front of me and placed her hands on my knees. It took one look for me to fall against her and let it out. She rubbed my back and comforted me the best she could. "I told her not to tell you."

I pulled away. "I had a right to know."

"You don't know anything, Ty. You're assuming the worst, because it's what you've always feared. Be rational. That little girl loves you more than anything in the whole world."

I thought about Izzy and how Van had a similar situation with raising Noah. "It's easy for you, because Noah's always known the truth. She's never going to forgive me."

She leaned back against the wall and brought her knees up to her chest. Miranda came in the small bathroom and sat down beside her. "I don't want to lose her."

Miranda reached over and grabbed my hand. "Ty, that's not goin' to happen. Even if she figures it out, or she's terribly mad at us, she'll get over it."

"When, Miranda? When she's thirty? Do you have any idea how hard this is? I have woken up every day for almost eleven years knowing that I had her love. Imagining that gone makes me sick. I hate hurting her. This isn't just about me and my feelings. It's about Izzy. It's about everything she ever believed having been a lie. Me hurting her hurts me. She deserves to know the truth. I never should have been selfish. I never should have taken matters into my own hands. If we'd just been honest, none of this would be happening."

"Don't say that. We did what we did to protect her. None of us wanted anything to do with that bastard. We did it so that she'd never have to know the kind of man that he was. You're her only father, Ty." Van was adamant, and I could tell from the way she spoke about Izzy finding out not only hurt me, but the whole family. Van had so many bad memories because of that scum. She didn't want to think about the baby she'd lost and what she had to do to survive.

"Look, I know this is more than just me. I get that we all have a part in this. I'm not trying to be a selfish ass**le."

"Nobody thinks that," Miranda announced.

"She's right. We don't expect you to not be upset, but no matter what happens, you're not in this alone. We've all lived with this lie. Every single member of this family covered up the secret. This isn't your problem to deal with alone. We're in this together, just like when we all decided to go through with it. I think instead of freaking out, we need to figure out exactly what they know. If I have to, I can talk to Noah in private. He'll tell me the truth if I let him know what Tucker did to me."

"No! I won't let you bring that back up, Van. You've come too far to have to relive that."

"Shut up. It's my story to tell. If I can help you, it's worth it."

"No." I looked Van right in the eye. "Promise me that you'll keep that part a secret. I don't want you talking about it. I mean it, Van."

She put her hands up. "Fine. Have it your way. I just think it would be better if she knew the kind of man she's looking into. She's pulled up his obituary, so don't you think she deserves to know how he died?"

"No!" A deep voice caught us all off guard. Colt stood in the doorway and he was not happy at what his wife was willing to do for me. "You will never tell our son what you did. Your life was on the line and it was an accident. He'll never understand and I don't want any of our kids ever hearing about that night. Do you hear me, darlin'?"

"Yes, I was just trying to help, Colt."

"I get that. Ty we'll do whatever you need, but that conversation is off limits. My wife went through hell, and I can't have that part of our lives brought back up."

I agreed with Colt. Van was too fragile when it came to that. She may be acting tough, but Noah finding out would change his opinion of her, and none of us wanted that.

"Look, I don't know what Iz knows. Obviously, she's curious. Maybe she'll let it go and I'm just overreacting. I think it's a good idea if we all try to act like nothing is happening. Maybe she'll come to me or Miranda and ask again. Until we know something, I say we pretend we know nothing about it." I hated what I was asking everyone to agree to, but it was necessary. If Izzy was looking into Tucker, she'd be paying close attention to all of our actions. She was smart and I needed to be strong, if I wanted to come out of all of this with all of my heart still in one piece.

Chapter 14

Miranda

As much as I wanted to believe that Ty was going to be strong and pretend that everything was fine and dandy, I knew it was easier said than done.

He and Colt went back outside and got to working on the playhouse. The twins had gotten bored with helping John and decided they wanted to help their dad. Van and I made everyone lunch, but Noah and Bella never returned to eat.

He'd checked in with her through a text message, but only said that he and Bella were fishing and they'd be back before it got dark.

The girls were busy playing with the new puppy that they wanted to name Brownie. Colt was determined that the dog would have a good hunting name, but none of us were sure if he was going to win out on a fight between him and his girls.

By dinner, the guys had the whole thing framed out and the roof on. We decided it would be fun to have a bonfire in the backyard, and the little ones helped us form a teepee of wood in the perfect burning spot.

With three determined grown men working their butts off, we decided to make meatball subs. The kids loved the idea of eating outside, plus it kept the mess out of the house. My mom, my aunt, and Van's mom stayed inside, while Van's dad ended up coming out and helping the guys work. They'd been inside playing cards all afternoon, but he'd been itching to get outside.

Van ran out and got them beer and aside from the sound of hammering, they were mostly laughing and carrying on together. You give a man a beer and a friend and he'd be content for hours. It was kind of like the girls with the new puppy. They were happy, occupied and not even thinking about the sad day they'd gone through less than twenty four hours ago.

I appreciated hearing Ty laughing, considering he was so torn up over Bella. Colt would keep him in check. All he had to do was start an argument about being better than Ty and they were bickering for hours.

I started worrying about my daughter, but it was short-lived. She and Noah came back right before it got dark. They went inside to get cleaned up from being out in the woods. I made it a point to check her for ticks. I think that as long as I was alive, I would worry about those little creatures making my kids sick. I couldn't even count how many times I'd pulled them off the children. Ever since Bella had gone into the hospital, I was going to make sure they never had a chance to sink their disgusting teeth into my baby's skin.

Bella argued with me until we got into the bathroom and I started the shower. She was beginning to develop and hated anyone seeing her body. "Mom, please. I can look myself. Just let me be alone."

"Bella, we've been through this. Strip down and let me check you. Do you want to take a chance and be back in the hospital? For goodness sakes, I'm your mother. I've seen everything you have and I have the same thing. How many times have you seen me naked?"

"It's not the same," she argued.

"Do you want to go back in the hospital?"

"No." She pouted, but took off her clothes and held her arms up so that I could start checking her. "Please hurry. I'm cold."

"I'll be quick, just stand still." The room was quiet, but I felt like if I said anything to her, she'd get offended and not want to open up to me when she was ready, so I stuck to the basics. "Did you catch any fish?"

"Not really. We caught some little ones, but we threw them back. We caught some crawfish and Noah almost caught a chipmunk in his hands."

"It sounds like you had a full day. I'm glad. It's nice to be able to visit again. Noah missed you. Everyone did, I think. We're all so glad you're better."

"Today was fun. Anything is better than the hospital, but Kentucky is my favorite place to be. How come we don't live here? When you and dad were datin', did he live here, too?"

Her question caught me off guard. I wasn't sure how to answer. "We weren't officially a couple until we went to live with daddy. He'd visit me all the time, though."

"How come? Why didn't he stay with you when you were pregnant with me?"

I felt completely uncomfortable. "What's with all these questions?"

She shrugged. "I just want to know."

"Remember how daddy talked about bein' in the coma?"

She nodded.

"Well, when I found out I was pregnant, he was in the coma. When he got out, he had to take care of some things before we could be together. Nothing would have kept him away from you."

"When you got pregnant, did you want to live with daddy?"

I didn't know what to do. I was panicking. My daughter was asking questions that I didn't want to answer. "Yes, sort of. He got hurt before he knew about you. When he found out, all he wanted to do was be with us. That's why we moved in with him and why we got married. I'll never forget his face on the day you were born. You've seen the pictures. He was so scared, having to deliver you in the car. I could see how much he loved you in that moment. Then he held my hand the whole way to the hospital and he kept me from being scared. Aunt Van was there, too. It was her car you were born in." I patted her on the butt. "All done, kiddo."

"Mom, one last question." Most of what I'd just told her was the truth, so anything she had to ask about that day would have been the truth. Ty delivered Bella and nothing could ever take that away from him.

I sighed and turned around to face her. "What is it, sweetie?"

"Never mind. It's not important." She climbed in the shower and I almost ran out of the bathroom to avoid any more of her questions. As much as it was killing me, I couldn't imagine how much worse it was going to get."

I found Ty outside, full of sweat and completely preoccupied. He saw me and stopped what he was doing. "Baby, what's wrong?"

"I don't want you to freak out, but in case Bella asks, we were together when I was pregnant. I told her you went into the coma and that's why we stayed in Kentucky until you got better, and we moved in with you and got married. I'm sorry, I panicked."

"She really asked that? I can't believe this shit is happening."

"She didn't act mad, Ty. She was more curious."

He didn't seem to get my reassuring comment. "Jesus Christ, the lies are just piling up."

"Please calm down. We don't know if this will amount to anything. Don't jump to conclusions, babe." I shouldn't have even told him, but knew I'd feel guilty if I hadn't.

"Miranda, this is ridiculous. How much more proof do you need? She's basically spelling it out for us. She knows we're lying and it's only a matter of time before she figures it out, or we get our stories messed up. Stop trying to make it seem like this ain't a big f**king deal, when you know it is."

I had to walk away. First, because I didn't want to get into an argument with him when the family was around. Second, because arguing with him wasn't going to solve anything. I had to stay on his side, whether I felt he was being irrational or not.

"Miranda, don't walk away from me."

I turned around and shook my head at him. "Ty, we'll talk about it later. I'm sorry I brought it up."

Van's dad was already lighting the fire and the kids were looking around for sticks to roast marshmallows. Van was leaning on the picnic table watching them. "What was that about?"

I leaned on the table next to her. "Bella asked me if Ty and I were together when I got pregnant."

"Wow. What did you tell her?"

"I said we were and then he got into his accident. I know he was with you then, but they don't need to know that. Besides, I don't think Colt wants anyone to know he swept in and stole you away while your boyfriend was in the hospital."

We both laughed.

"You make it sound so scandalous."

I nudged her. "You were a bad girl. I heard all about that hot sex in Ty's dad's truck. Apparently, you two couldn't keep your hands off one another."

Van looked over at her husband, who was hard at work. "I wouldn't change a thing if I could go back in time. Would you?"

I watched Ty and thought about my life before we were together. "If I hadn't been runnin' from Tucker, I'd never would have been with Ty. Sure, we probably would have hooked up at some point, but our life is what it is because of all of our trials and tribulations. So no. I wouldn't trade it. Ty's a wonderful father and he keeps me on my toes. Besides, you and I both know that behind the comedian, is the most loving man I've ever known."

"True, but I wouldn't share that secret with anyone else. He likes people thinking he's a douche. I don't understand it, but it's the truth. There's been so many times where I wanted to strangle him but, at the end of the day, if I need a shoulder he's always there."

There was a time when I would have been jealous of their relationship. No woman wants their husbands ex to be one of his best friends, but Van was our family. Her bond with Ty was nothing romantic. Her cancer scare had proven that to everyone, especially Colt, who had to apologize several times for assuming they were involved.

When we heard the screen door slamming shut, we both turned to see Bella and Noah walking outside. They walked up to the guys and looked at the playhouse. Ty grabbed Bella and kissed her on the side of the head. When she didn't run away, Van and I looked at each other. "That's a good sign, right?"

I nodded. "Yeah, I think it is."

"Kids are curious by nature, Miranda. I know you're both worried and maybe you have good reason, but Bella is a good girl. She'll probably drop this whole thing as soon as you go home. Think about it. She's finally heading back to school with all of her friends. Once that happens, she'll be too busy to worry about some stranger that died a long time ago."

"I hope you're right, Van. It would be nice if this all went away. I haven't seen Ty act like this since he was tryin' to get those papers. I mean, I know how much he loves her, but that man has risked his life, broken laws, and even put our marriage on the line to give her the perfect life. There's nothing he wouldn't do for her. I wish that was easy to explain to a curious eleven year old."

"Hopefully, one day, when the time is right, he'll be able to tell her everything he'd done. When that day comes, I can't see her hating him. She should love him more for everything he's done to protect her."

"Let's pray that's what happens."

I sat there with my cousin, watching Bella standing there with Ty. I couldn't, for the life of me, picture them not being close. I had to pray that Van was right. Hopefully, going home would make this entire nightmare disappear.

Chapter 15

Tyler

Later that night, Colt pulled me aside. I knew what he was going to talk about, but as my family, I found it important to hear him out.

"Ty, I get that you're upset about Bella. I can't imagine what it's like for you or even Savanna to love a child that you weren't a part of makin'. When I see her with Noah, I know that there ain't anything she wouldn't give to have Noah be her real son. In her heart, he already is. I think that's why she understands you so much. The two of you have opened your lives up for two children that neither of you had to do. Of course, Savanna and I were married when Noah came into our lives, but you and Miranda weren't anything. I think we all knew that from the day she was born you had some kind of attachment to her. Helpin' bring a child into this world will do that to you, but you stepped up. You didn't just want to be some uncle that visited from afar. When Bella was born, you turned into a man. No matter what happens from here on out, nothin' can change the bond you have. I'm sayin' this because I've seen my son doubt his feelin's for Savanna. It took him a little while to see it, but when he did, he knew he'd been wrong to push her away. Savanna is the best thing that could have happened to that boy. He needed a mother, and she stepped in at a moment in her life when things were horrible for her. Ty, you have that bond with Bella. You know it in your heart. If she does uncover the secret, it may take her a while to get over it, but I promise you, she will."

We stood there staring at each other as I tried to ponder on what to say. "We've brought her up to understand that lying is bad. How do you think she's going to feel when she realizes that our whole relationship is built on one?"

"Hopefully, she will get why you did it. Look Ty, if you peel away the layers of the secret, it was all out of love. You weren't bein' selfish when you signed up to be her daddy."

"I still remember the day she said it. We were sitting in a car waiting to go into church. Van was there visiting and I couldn't believe it. I don't care what medical tests say. I'm her father."

He put his hand on my shoulder. "That you are, cuz. Keep tellin' yourself that, no matter what happens. You're goin' to be alright. No matter what, she's a part of this family and so are you. You will never be alone."

"You probably think I'm being a pu**y."

"Hell no! Tyler, you're a lot braver than you give yourself credit for. I don't know if I could have done what you did. People assume I'm this all around great guy, but I couldn't have claimed a child that wasn't mine. I'm selfish that way. If Savanna had a child with someone else, especially if it was yours, I'd never be able to see past it not being mine. I wanted my own kids."

"You would have adopted."

"That's different. That child wouldn't have belonged to Savanna and some other guy. When you look into Bella's eyes, what do you see looking back at you?"

I thought about his question for a moment. "At first look, I see her mother. She looks exactly like her."

"You know what I mean, Ty."

Colt was right. From early on, especially when they first came to stay with me, I'd felt it and seen it for myself. I wasn't just signing up to be her dad. There was this bond between us, like she'd picked me out herself. She was the one who called me daddy and it was her love all along that made me fall in love. "I see myself. When I look into her eyes, I see my daughter."

He put his hand on my shoulder and looked right into my eyes. "That ain't ever goin' to change."

Colt left me standing there, thinking about a lot of things, not that I hadn't already had a bunch on my mind. Maybe I needed him to remind me of the big picture.

We finally headed in the house to say goodbye to all the grandparents and Lucy. Miranda and I had decided to get an early start on the drive home and it was easier to say goodbye now, instead of having to drive to each person's house.

Karen, my mother-in-law, hugged me tightly. She whispered in my ear when she spoke so that nobody else could hear. "I don't care what anyone says. You're the best father that I could ever want for my grandchildren. I know I gave you a hard time, at first, but let's be honest, you weren't exactly in the best of ways. You've got nothing to worry about, Tyler. There's no way you will ever lose that little girl. When everyone else in the world doubted your intentions, that baby knew you were the one. She's always known. None of us could ever have the bond that you share with her."

She grabbed both sides of my face and forced me to look her in the eye. It was emotional, hearing my mother-in-law being so positive to me. For so long, I'd always been the one they were watching, waiting to screw up. Through their doubt, I'd finally been noticed for doing something right. "Thanks, Mom. That means a lot."

"I love you, kid. Even if I used to call you my nephew and my friends still don't understand how you and my daughter aren't really blood related." She smiled, and I felt the burning in my eyes again. Just thinking back to those days seemed like forever ago. We'd all become so close, because time heals all wounds.

"I still would have slept with her if she was my cousin." I winked at her, and she lightly slapped my chest.

"Some things never change."

"I have people on their toes."

She gave me one last hug and finally walked away, smiling. Clearly I was joking. If Miranda was my cousin, I never would have touched her. It was weird enough when we first got together, after calling each other family our whole lives.

The boys whined about going home and Bella wasn't happy either. Miranda and I rounded them up anyway and headed back to the guest house.

Since we were still so hung up on ticks, I took the boys into the bathroom and looked them over before forcing them to get in the shower.

"I don't need a shower, dad." Jax hated getting washed. He acted like it was going to melt his skin.

"Get your ass in that water."

"But I don't want to. I didn't even get dirty today." The child had played outside in leaves and a forest all day long, but was claiming he hadn't gotten dirty. He had marshmallow around his lips with accumulated dirt stuck to it.

Jake laughed and stood there, completely naked in the tub. He wasn't sitting down, but at least he was in it. "Sit your butt down before you fall."

"I won't fall." He danced around like a fool. Sure enough, two seconds later, he slipped and went under the water. When he came up, he looked so embarrassed. Jax was cracking up and pointing at him.

"Idiot!"

"Jax, quit stalling. Get in the tub. I'm not sitting here all night with you."

"But-"

"But nothing." I picked him up and stuck him in the tub behind his brother. Then I sat down on the closed toilet seat to monitor the two of them.

"Can we have bubbles?"

"No."

"Can we have a little bubbles?" Jax repeated his brother's question.

"I said no."

I grabbed my phone out of my pocket and started reading, seeing Jake out of the corner of my eye pouring something on his brother. As I turned, I noticed that it was an entire bottle on conditioner. Jax punched him in the gut and water began to splash out of the tub as they wrestled for the remainder of what was left in the bottle.

I reached in, getting soaked myself, and grabbed it. "Seriously? What is wrong with you two? You could be done getting washed by now, but instead you choose to act like punks."

"What's a punk?" Jax asked while his brother giggled.

"It's you two. Get washed, because if I have to do it, you'll be sorry."

Jake handed his brother the soap after lathering some up on his hand for himself. I looked back at my phone and heard them laughing again. This time, Jax was peeing, in the direction of his brother. Jake stood up and grabbed his penis, ready to attack with his own stream of urine.

I reached in and pulled him out, wrapping him in a towel. "What is wrong with you two?"

"He did it first."

"It doesn't matter. You both were wrong."

As the water drained, the boys dried off and headed to get changed. I wiped up the floor, so that Izzy wouldn't slip when she came in to use the bathroom. We passed by each other and I handed her a fresh towel. "Here, sweetie. Use this one. You're brothers soaked the other ones."

"Thanks, dad."

Hearing her call me that was enough for me to feel good. I found Miranda in bed, cuddled up watching something on television. "What was all the commotion about?"

"The boys decided to give each other golden showers."

"What the hell? Are you kidding me, right now?"

I plopped down next to her. "Nope. Honest to God, they were peeing on each other and laughing about it."

Miranda rolled her eyes, like she wasn't that surprised. "What are they doing now?"

"Probably plotting to take over the world." I kissed her neck and she started to pull away.

"Ty, wait until they go to bed."

"That could take hours." Knowing she'd been asleep before they were, I decided it would be best to get out of bed. Being that closed to Miranda, especially when she was in just a t-shirt, made me extremely horny.

I found the boys attempting to make chocolate milk by themselves. Of course, chocolate syrup was all over the counter. "Seriously. How much destruction can you two possibly do in five minutes?"

Their faces got red as they turned around and realized they'd been caught. "We're thirsty."

"Ask someone to help, why don't you?"

"Dad, don't be mad. We'll clean it up," Jax assured me.

"Just sit down and I'll get it."

I cleaned up the mess and made the three of us chocolate milk. We sat there at the round kitchen table looking at each other. "I want to milk a cow."

The milk came out of my nose. "Why?"

"It looks cool. You get to squeeze those ni**les and milk just comes squirting out. I wish I could make my own milk, don't you, Jake?"

Jake nodded.

I ran my hands over my face and thought about what I should say. I couldn't deny these two numb nuts. No matter how much I tried to think I was better behaved, I knew I wasn't. "Can you two finish up and get into bed? Dad needs some alone time."

"How come you were kissing Mom's private parts? I know you were."

I looked at my son and clenched my jaw. "One day I will tell you both all about being with a woman. For now, you two need to go to bed, before I lose my mind."

Izzy came walking into the room. She grabbed a bottle of water out of the refrigerator and kissed me goodnight on the cheek. I grabbed her hand as she was walking away. "Hey, you okay?"

She gave me a half smile. "Just tired, dad. See you in the mornin'."

"Okay, goodnight."

I sat there, watching the boys, with my mind on Izzy. As long as she loved me, everything was right in the world.

Chapter 16

Miranda

After a very exhausting weekend, we'd made it home in one piece. I say that with a grain of salt, because Ty wasn't exactly feeling great about things.

Bella acted as if nothing was wrong, albeit he still seemed on edge.

Her big return to school, after having her lessons in the hospital for the past month, was the next day. I think she was excited to see her friends, but also nervous, like they were going to wonder if she'd contracted a contagious disease.

Amy and I had planned on giving her a special day, where we pampered her with a new haircut and some pretty decorated fingernails.

We headed over to the salon in the afternoon and Bella was in a great mood. She gabbed to her aunt about Noah and their new puppy. She was happy after seeing her other grandparents and being able to do things again. For so long she'd been stuck in that bed at the hospital, and I often wondered what something like that did to her mentally, not that she talked about it much. With new devices and the internet, she had plenty to keep her occupied.

Nowadays, playing outside had been replaced by kids staring at little screens as a means of communication. They no longer required face to face conversations. When I was her age, all I wanted to do was spend the night with my friends and be a social bug. Bella wasn't like that. Sure, she was popular amongst her friends, but their interests were very different.

I hadn't filled Amy in on the whole Tucker situation, so when Bella brought it up as she told the puppy story, I was flabbergasted. She looked right at me as she spoke, as if she was trying to get a rise out of me. It was uncomfortable.

I knew if I responded negatively, it would give her a reason to think I was lying to her. For all I knew, her and Noah had only uncovered that Tucker had a daughter with the same name. I had no reason to believe that she knew anything else.

Looking back, I think I should have prepared for the worst, instead of hiding behind my faith that everything was goin' got be fine.

After she was all dolled up and ready to go back to school, we started to head home. Bella was sitting in the car next to me, and out of nowhere, she started asking me questions again. "Mom, are you certain that you never knew that guy, Tucker?"

I felt so frustrated that I pulled over to the side of the road. "Bella, I told you already. I don't know who he is. Why do you keep askin' this? Do you have any idea how upset your father is over this?"

She shrugged. "Don't you think it's weird how I don't look like daddy? I mean, Jake and Jax look just like him. Even Noah said it was weird."

"Did you ever consider that Jake and Jax look nothing like me? It goes both ways, Bella. You got my genes and they got your father's. Listen, honey, I'm sorry you ran into that woman that got your head all messed up, but you need to drop this. Do you want to break daddy's heart?"

"No." She seemed like it made her sad to hurt Ty. I felt bad that I was lying, but Tucker was someone I never wanted her to know about. Finding out that your biological dad was not only a criminal, but also an evil person that never wanted you, wasn't exactly something any mother wanted her child knowing. It hurt me that she was looking for answers when they were only going to cause her pain.

"I want you to drop this. Do you hear me?"

"Yes, ma'am."

By the time we'd pulled up at the farm, I think we both felt uneasy. I put the car into park and sat there.

Bella got out and headed inside like she was unfazed, while I was praying in my mind that this whole nightmare was going to be over. She was too young to dig into Tucker, not that she'd ever be old enough to learn the truth. I wish she could understand that we were doing all of this to protect her.

The boys saw me pull up and came running out of their grandparent's house. Jax was carrying a little brown box. "Mom, look what we found in Mimi's kitchen. It's a snake. Can we keep it?"

They opened the box and a black snake came striking out at me. I screamed and fell back on the ground. The snake, who'd come halfway out of the box, was being scooped back up by one of my brave sons. "Get that thing away from me!"

I stood up and saw that Bella had run away too. Ty came walking out of the house with a sandwich in his hand. "Where'd you get that, guys?"

"Under Mimi's sink. Ain't it pretty?"

Ty picked up the snake and looked it over. "You grabbed it with your hands?"

"Yeah. Mimi got us a box. She said you used to have a snake. Can we keep it, dad?" Jake asked.

"Please," Jax added.

Ty ignored the fact that I was wiping off my butt from being scared and falling down. "I think I have a tank in the barn attic. Let's go see if we can find it."

The three of them started heading toward the barn.

I looked at Bella and she looked back at me. "Keep it in that barn, Ty. I don't want a snake in the house."

Ty waved and kept walking with the boys, more proud that they'd caught it than the fact that I was petrified.

I put my arm around my daughter and we walked in the house. "What do you say we head into town and get you somethin' new to wear tomorrow? It will be like the first day all over again."

"Can we eat at the mall, too?"

I thought about the guys and their new obsession with a wild snake. "I'd love to not be here when they try to bring that thing back into this house."

A few minutes later we were back in the car, heading to the mall. We rarely had time to ourselves, so it was fun to turn up the radio and sing at the top of our lungs. Bella was getting into music more, and she had a couple posters of popular boy bands on her walls, even though it drove her father crazy. If Ty had it his way, she would be in a chastity belt until she was fifty.

Since it was still early, we decided to shop before getting something to eat. Bella pulled me in and out of three stores until she'd found the perfect outfit. Of course, according to the price tag, it was also the most expensive. I thought about all she'd been through and decided to splurge. When I handed the cashier my credit card, I leaned down and whispered in Bella's ear, "Don't tell dad how much this was. He'll freak."

Bella gave me a funny look and shrugged. "Okay."

She seemed thrilled to have a new look, and it was nice that we had some time alone together. We'd had plenty in the hospital, but it certainly wasn't as fun as being out.

Bella loved a small restaurant that was located in the mall. Once we were seated, she excused herself to use the bathroom. Since she always carried her IPod with her, she left her small purse on the table when she walked away.

Our waitress came over carrying our drinks and one spilled over on the table. I reached for the purse, trying to avoid it getting wet, and Bella's things came flying out of it. The waitress started cleaning up the mess, while I stared at a white folded piece of paper that had come out of the purse. I looked over and didn't see my daughter, so I opened it up and couldn't believe what I was seeing.

I didn't remember ever seeing it in the paper, but someone must have called and had it put in. Our family was well known, so it wasn't surprising.

It was a birth announcement and a picture of me and Tucker at the hospital holding Bella. There was another paper underneath, but I couldn't stop looking at that one.

It was as if I was holding a paper that told me my life was over.

The waitress was talking to me, but I couldn't hear a word she was saying. The bile was in my throat, on its way out. The room began to spin and my heart was beating out of my chest. This whole time she'd had this. Every question she'd asked me had been a test.

When I saw her coming, I folded the paper back up and shoved the purse over where it had been sitting.

It was hard, trying not to lose it, when I knew that she knew.

I was shaking as I tried to order food and act normally. Bella was unaffected, having no idea what I'd seen. I must say, she was clever and sneaky. I thought I could read my child, but I didn't have a clue how much she'd dug into Tucker.

As devastated as I was, I knew I had to tell Ty. This was something that couldn't be avoided. I'd rather him find out from me than be shocked when or if she ever confronted him.

The most repulsive thing to me was knowing that while someone was taking that picture of me and Tucker, Ty was standing outside watching and waiting to be with us. The thing was, not only had Van taken pictures when she first came out, but Tyler had pictures with me at the hospital. The family made a big deal about him being there to help me deliver her. Bella couldn't deny that he too had been there, like we'd always told her.

I knew she had a million questions, but for the life of me, I couldn't bring myself to talk to her about it. I felt so sick, as if everything were falling apart in front of my eyes.

I wanted to cry my eyes out, but she sat there, like nothing was wrong. I have no idea what she was even saying to me, because that picture kept flashing in my mind, taking all of my concentration away from Bella.

This was going to destroy Ty. There was no way around it.

I picked at my food, knowing that I was about to break his heart. The last thing I wanted to do was eat, when I felt so sick to my stomach. This wasn't just about Ty. It was about the whole family. Ty's parents, our cousins, my mother and John had all kept the secret. The more she found out, the more it would crush her.

I tried to put myself in her shoes, but since Tucker was such a piece of shit, I couldn't allow myself to feel pity over it.

I managed to keep a straight face, even for the whole ride home. When Bella jumped out of the car and went running in to show Mimi her new outfit, I put my head on the steering wheel and began to bawl. How was I supposed to be able to look my wonderful husband in the eyes and tell him what Bella had in her purse? It would destroy him.

Chapter 17

Tyler

I saw Izzy getting out of the car, but Miranda never got out. When she didn't come in after a few more minutes, I knew something was wrong.

I made sure the boys were occupied before walking outside. She was crying so bad that she never noticed me standing outside the driver's side door. I knocked on the window, causing her to jump. She opened the door and wiped away her tears. "Sorry, I just needed a minute."

I crouched down to be eye level with her. "What happened?"

She shook her head and refused to say anything to me. The longer she went without talking, the more worried I became.

"Is it Izzy?"

She nodded.

"Is she okay?"

She nodded again, but my fears were being heightened by the second.

"Baby, please talk to me. What happened? You're freaking me out."

Miranda cried harder. "I'm so sorry, babe. I tried so hard to cover it up. I didn't know it was out there for her to find. I swear, I never knew someone put it in the paper."

"What are you talking about?" I was freaking out already.

She covered her face, wiped away her tears and looked straight ahead. "Bella went to the bathroom at the restaurant, and while she was gone something fell out of her purse. I guess I shouldn't have opened it, but with all that's been goin' on, I felt like I needed to know." She turned and looked right at me. "Ty, she had a copy of a birth announcement with me and Tucker at the hospital. She must have found it on the internet, in the newspaper archives or somethin'. She's eleven years old. I had no idea she'd do somethin' like that. We'll fix this. I don't know how yet, but we will."

I plopped down on the hard ground, not able to keep my composure any longer. Just imagining my daughter seeing that paper and keeping it with her made me sick. No matter how much I wanted to believe that everything was going to be alright, I knew it wasn't. "How the hell did she find that? She's just a kid."

"I don't know. Kids are so smart now. They know how to use computers better than we do. I'm sure her and Noah stayed up lookin' up Tucker's name. God only knows what else she found."

I didn't mean to bring up someone else, but I thought about Colt, saying he didn't want his son knowing what Van had to do. If they'd found this birth announcement, it was a good chance that they'd found a lot more, including the fact that Tucker had kidnapped Van and she'd killed him to get away. It had been all over the news and in every paper, especially considering how well known Colt was to the community. "Shit. What if they found out about Van, too? God, this is getting worse by the second."

"I know." She shook her head and bawled more. "It's horrible. This is devastatin'. What are we goin' to do, Ty? How are we goin' to convince her that it's not true?"

I thought about Izzy, me, Van, and everyone else that this lie was going to hurt. How much longer was I willing to wait to confront my daughter? Obviously, she was digging for answers. Did I really want her finding them from someone else, or was I ready to come clean and lay it all out on the line? The answer was obvious, although acknowledging it meant that I was also aware I could lose her love forever. "We're not. We're not going to tell any more lies. None of us deserve to live like this anymore. I'm not an idiot. Thinking I could just have her forever was a fantasy. I knew she'd find out." I paused for a second and tried to compose myself enough to look at my wife. I wasn't the only person that this was ripping apart. Miranda and I had talked a million times about how we wished Izzy was my real child. It never mattered to me, because in my heart, she was and would always be mine. It was easy for me to know that without doubt, but convincing someone that had been fed only lies was going to be harder. "It's time to tell her the truth, Miranda." I could feel the tears fighting their way out of my eyes. "I can't keep telling myself that this is going to go away. After two days, it's obvious she already knows more than we ever wanted her to. If I don't talk to her it's only going to be worse. We tried to get her to back off and she went behind our backs anyway. I don't want her to be sneaky. I don't want this to change her any more than it's already going to. This has to stop now, before more people get hurt."

"Ty, please. We promised that we'd take it to the grave. I won't let you do this. She won't understand. I can't let you risk it. I can't let you hurt each other." Miranda was pleading with me and that hurt me even worse. She was afraid of how this was all going to turn out, and without her optimism, I knew that the chance of Izzy forgiving me was slim.

"We're already hurting each other. You think I like knowing that she's on this mission to prove I'm not her father? God damn it, Miranda. I feel like she's stabbing me in the f**king heart. Every damn second since the other day, I haven't been able to shake it. All I think about is her hating me. I can't stand it anymore. I can't be in this limbo, wondering if she secretly hates me. I can't eat and I don't want to sleep. I'm done with it."

She sobbed, and I didn't know how to comfort her, when I was sitting across from her falling apart. "This can't be happenin'. We just got her out of the hospital. We're supposed to be happy and celebrating her health. I don't understand."

I reached over and ran my hand through her hair. "I'll talk to her tonight." My throat was burning, and it was impossible to hold back my emotions. I didn't care if my wife saw me getting emotional. She knew more than anyone what Izzy meant to me. "Baby, no matter what happens, I won't give up on being her father, even if she doesn't want me anymore." It was crushing me from the inside. Imagining my life without my beautiful little girl. Picturing her hating me and never wanting to trust me again was undeniably the worst feeling I'd ever experienced. We hadn't even spoken, and I knew that part of my life was never going to be the same. Sure, she'd always be mine, but not having her return that love, after all that we'd been through, was unbearable.

I just sat there with my wife, thinking about her sparkling eyes and the first time they'd looked up at me. I remember the first time she'd smiled and showed me her dimples. I thought about how she used to fall asleep on my chest and having her there made all of my problems disappear.

There were so many memories and I was about to reveal that each and every one of them would be tainted by a lie that none of us ever thought would be revealed.

"Ty, please. There has to be another way. I don't want her knowin' about him."

"She already does. Whether we like it or not, she's already found out too much. I've got to stop this, before it gets worse. Even if she hates me, at least she'll know that I was the one to tell her the truth. I owe her that."

"I can talk to her." I knew she wanted to help, but this was my burden. I was the one who'd gone to drastic measures to make sure she would never have to know the truth. I was the one who falsified documents and risked my marriage to protect her.

"This is my conversation, not yours. All along, I've known this day might come. I knew there was always a chance she'd find out that I wasn't her biological father."

Miranda reached over and leaned her head against mine. "It's just a label."

"Kids don't see it like that. All she'll see is the lie. Every time she asks us a question, we're digging ourselves into a deeper hole. This has to stop. I can't keep adding to the list of reasons that she'll hate me for."

Miranda grabbed my face and made me look at her. "She'll never hate you. She can't. I won't let that happen."

"I know her better than anyone, baby. I'm scared too. It's excruciating imagining that our special connection will be gone forever, all because I had to go out and buy that stupid f**king puppy." I stood up, finally losing my temper.

Reluctantly, I walked away from my wife, unable to talk about it anymore. I just wanted to be alone, to think about how I was going to sit down and be able to find the words to plead my case to Izzy.

My years of lying to get by were over. I was tired of it lingering over my head. Whether I told her now, or later, it would always have the same result. The problem was that even though I knew I could wait, it had become apparent that it was going to eat me alive.

Izzy had the ability to make nothing else in my life matter. For some reason, when she needed me, I dropped everything to be at her beck and call. Knowing that proved without a doubt that I couldn't wait any longer.

I found my way to the barn and sat down on the old couch. I had my face down pressed against my hands when I heard someone walking in. Since I'd been emotional, I really didn't want to look up.

I felt the couch move beside me and turned to see Izzy sitting there. She had her hands folded and was looking down.

It hurt so much knowing what I had to do. I didn't want to know how she'd found me, or if she'd been listening to me and her mother arguing about what to do. Nothing mattered.

We were sitting there, alone and I couldn't walk away.

I looked up into her eyes; those beautiful blue eyes that melted my heart. "I need to tell you something, Iz."

"You're not my real dad, are you?"

I guess there is a point in everyone's life where they can remember the worst day of their lives. Maybe it's when people's lives are coming to an end, or even an accident that changed their lives forever. My moment was happening right before my eyes.

My throat ached, like it was fighting with my mind, begging me to stay quiet. Warm tears ran down my face and she reached over and touched one.

I grabbed her hand and held it over my lips, while closing my eyes and memorizing the smell of her skin, as if it was going to be the last time she let me touch her. Finally, I knew she was waiting, so I opened my eyes and admitted the truth. "No, I'm not."

Chapter 18

Miranda

In the time it took me to get myself together enough to make it inside of the house, I watched Ty go into the barn and Bella follow him. So much was going through my mind.

I hated seeing him hurt and not being able to take away his pain. After all of our years together, the trials and tribulations, love, death, friendship and never giving up, I couldn't imagine my life without him. His intentions, regarding our daughter had been out of devotion, not him being selfish, like he thought. It was hard convincing him otherwise, because Ty was always blaming himself for whatever was going wrong. I think that he felt like if the problem was on him, it would be easier to fix.

I looked at the barn, the place where we'd shared so many fun times. He was inside, by himself and in shambles.

He'd gone in there to be alone, and I wasn't sure if she'd followed him out of curiosity or because she wanted to confront him.

As much as I wanted to be in there beside him, I could only make it to the barn door before her words made me freeze in place. She asked him if he was her father.

After a brief pause, Ty told her the truth.

I felt the life escaping my body as I clung onto any kind of hope that she'd even be able to begin to understand how hard this was for him to do.

I knew Bella was hurt, but we'd done it for her own good, even if she couldn't begin to understand why. I placed my back against the wooden building and heard them both sniffling.

"I know you don't understand this, Iz, but to me you've always been mine."

"I'm eleven, not five. I asked for the truth before. A part of me always wondered why I never looked like you. Now I guess I know." Bella was being so cold. I knew it was killing Ty to hear her talking to him like that. I was even surprised at how grown up she was acting.

"I don't care what a blood test proves or who you look like. No matter what, I'm your father. You are my daughter, you always have been and you always will be. My name is on your birth certificate for a reason. I've raised you and given you the best life. I've loved you more than anyone else ever could, Iz. You know it's true. Finding this out doesn't have to change what we mean to each other. Nobody has to know about it."

"You and Mom say lyin' is bad, but now you want me to do it."

"It was to protect you." I couldn't stand there listening to her treat him like that. He wasn't going to be a little broken girls punching bag, no matter how guilty he felt. I walked into the open area and they both looked up.

"Young lady, you need to watch your tongue. I don't care how upset you are. You will not talk to your father that way. Do you hear me? "

She wouldn't answer. Instead, she put her hands up and covered her face, then began to sob. I tried to sit down next to her, to comfort her, to alleviate some of the shock she was experiencing, but she jerked away from me and stood up. "I hate you! I hate you both!"

Ty grabbed Bella by the arm before I could even react. He forced her to sit on the couch and held her arms at her sides. "Iz, I get that you're mad, but don't you ever say that to your mother again." She refused to look up at him, even when he grabbed her chin and moved it up. Bella's defiance was only making me angrier. She didn't understand how difficult this was for Ty. She had no idea what he was going through and her actions proved that she didn't care. I had never seen her acting so vindictive and I didn't like it one bit.

"Why should I make promises to two liars?" She kept at it, lashing out like I'd never seen her do before.

I smacked her on the cheek and felt the life run out of me. She grabbed her face and started to run off. Ty grabbed her by the shirt and me by the arm. "Please, stop it. I can't have this happening between all of us. Look at us, Iz. Is this how you want it to be? You want to walk away from the two people that love you the most in the world? You want to sneak behind our backs and look into things that you have no business doing?"

"I just wanted to know the truth." She was crying and I knew I was to blame for it. I'd never laid a hand on my daughter and I felt horrible about it.

"Bella, we would have told you the truth, when you were ready to hear it."

"I was ready."

"No!" Ty was adamant. "You weren't. You don't know half of the truth. Do you honestly think that a couple pictures can explain what really happened? You have no idea what you're asking for, sweetie."

"I read that he was in jail before. Is that what you're talkin' about?"

Apparently eleven year olds think they know everything and that they're adults. In this case, Bella may as well have been her brother's age. The more she pushed, the more frustrated me and Ty were becoming. "It's way worse than that, Bella. There's so much that I want to tell you."

"So tell me." She sniffled. Her pouty face made it hard to not sit down and tell her what an awful person Tucker was.

"I can't." I began to sob again, thinking back to him hitting me while I was pregnant, or hearing him say how much he wanted me to get rid of the baby. He may have been in one picture at the hospital, but after five minutes he was gone. Tucker was a cheater, liar, thief, woman beater and probably more. I hated that she knew about him. "This isn't happenin'."

Ty pulled me into his arms and held me tightly.

He must have pointed to the couch. "Sit your little ass down, right now."

I opened my glossy eyes to see her following his directions. When our eyes met, all I saw was hate. She resented us. I knew it would happen, but I hated the way it made me feel. I wanted to be there when she was sad, but this time, it was all because of me.

"You keep thinking that we lied to you and you're right. There were things we lied to you about. The thing is, there are so many truths as well. This man standing here with us brought you into this world. He held my hand and was there for me when I was in labor. He rode with me to the hospital and was the first man to ever hold you. I saw him fall in love with you that day, Bella."

She put her head down so I couldn't see her reaction.

"Tucker Chase was a bad man. He didn't want a baby or to be with me. He hurt me when I was pregnant and didn't even want to hold you when you were born." I was pushing through my sobs to tell her as much as I could. "After you were born, he tried to abduct me in a parking lot, and your father was the person that helped save me."

"So you had two boyfriends at once?"

"No." I looked at Ty, who finally let go of me and went to sit next to her. "There was something happening between your mom and I, but we never acted on it. Your grandmom and Uncle Colt, and especially Uncle Conner, didn't think I was good enough for your mom. So, even though the feelings were there, we didn't become a couple until you two came to stay with me when you were one."

I jumped in. "You're dad here used to video chat with you. He'd sing to you and talk like a baby to make you laugh. He's loved you every single day of your life, Bella. I thank God every single day for that."

"Your mom's right, Iz. I don't give a damn who got her pregnant. You've always been mine and you always will be. There's not a damn person in this world that could ever love you the way I do." Ty sobbed heavily for a minute, losing his ability to keep talking. Bella looked shocked, seeing him so devastated. "Please, Iz, I'm begging you. Please don't hate me."

She looked down at the floor. "Can I go inside now?"

Ty's body looked like it deflated. He sighed and shook his head. "Yeah, go ahead."

I watched her walk out and sat down next to Ty. We both said nothing, staring at the old barn walls, but not really looking at them. All I could think about was comforting Ty and finding a way to put all of this behind us.

I wasn't just afraid for them;, I didn't want this to have an impact on our marriage. Ty couldn't handle much more. We had two other children to care for, and his head needed to be in the game.

If this was what being an adolescent was like, I feared for the years to come, knowing we'd only just begun.

We held hands and I looked into his red, sad eyes. "I'm going to call her pediatrician tomorrow and see if she can refer us to a counselor. I think that the sooner we handle this the easier it will be to get past it."

He squeezed my hand, leaned over and kissed the top of my head. "Thanks for being here. I wasn't doing very good by myself."

"I'm your wife. We're in this together, Ty. No matter what happens, we have each other's backs. This is a phase. She's goin' to act out and be ridiculously bitchy for a few weeks and then everything will be fine again."

He laughed through his pain. "I don't think it's going to be that easy. She basically just found out that she's adopted. I don't know if she'll ever be able to love me the same way again."

I looked right at him, giving him a serious look. "She will, Ty."

He pulled me into a hug and held me tightly. I could feel his emotions pouring through him. "I love you so much, Miranda. I don't regret any decision we ever made. I'll do whatever it takes to make this right. You know I will."

I did. I knew he would go to the ends of the earth for us to be happy. That's why I loved him so much.

"I need to get back inside, before the boys burn down the house."

"I'm coming, too. Maybe if I stalk her, she'll give up and realize she has to love me."

I appreciated that he was trying to joke. I just wasn't sure if it was going to sway her decision, not this time.

Chapter 19

Tyler

Things didn't get any better once we got inside of the house. Izzy had gone back to her room. Miranda went back to check on her and found that she was packing a suitcase.

She came out of the room, asking me to go and talk to Iz. Even though I didn't think it was a good idea, I went anyway, not giving up on hope that she'd let me be the shoulder she needed to cry on.

I made it to the doorframe and almost lost my cool when I saw her packing up her things. "What are you doing, Iz?"

"I'm goin' to Mimi's."

I crossed my arms and leaned against the wall. "What's that going to solve?"

Izzy sighed and plopped down on her bed. "I don't like it here right now."

I walked over and sat down next to her, for a second it seemed like she moved away, showing me that she didn't want to be close to me. It hurt, but I decided to focus on the matter at hand, instead of adding fuel to the fire. "I know you're mad at me, but I don't want you to leave. Who is going to keep the boys in line? You know they'll come in your room and mess up all your things."

She looked up and rolled her eyes. "You're just sayin' that so I'll stay here."

"No, I'm not. I'm saying it because it's the truth. Come on, Iz. You can't hate me more than I hate myself."

She let out a chuckle. For a moment, I felt like we were on common ground. "I don't hate you."

I put my hand over hers. "I love you, so much."

She refused to look at me. "Do you love Jax and Jake more than me, because you're their real dad?"

Never had I considered that she would think that. I loved all of my children the same, but I shared a bond with Izzy that was unexplainable. I didn't have a favorite child, because they all made me proud and frustrated. "Of course not, Iz. I told you this already. To me, you're mine. Why do you think we never wanted anyone to know about Tucker?"

She shrugged. "I don't know. You told me he was a bad man, or Mom did."

"It's not just because of how he was. Look, maybe you're too young to understand this, but when a woman gets pregnant, the man doesn't really have any control over what she does with the baby. Some people choose to give the baby up for adoption, some even have a medical procedure where they terminate the pregnancy, but some women, like your mother, choose to have the baby. She didn't care if he didn't want to be a part of your life. She wanted you anyway. Iz, it sucks that he was too stupid to want you, but I have to believe it happened because you were always meant to be mine. Your mother and I wanted to be a family. We chose to raise you as mine, because it was the right thing to do. You can be mad at me. You can run away to Mimi's or Uncle Conner's, but my feelings are never going to change."

We sat there quietly. Jake came running in the room with a pair of underwear on his head and a rubber sword in his hand. "I'm Captain Underwear!"

Iz let out a little laugh as we watched him run back out of the room. It was silent again and I knew she was still feeling let down.

"Do you need help packing?" I figured that it was time to give her space. She may have only been a child, but she was smart one. This was where I stopped begging and let her be. I put my hand on her knee and waited until she looked at me. "How about I go call Mimi and let her know you're coming?"

I wanted her to say that she'd changed her mind; that she wasn't going to leave me sitting there with a broken heart.

"Okay."

I walked out of the room, unable to keep my composure. My phone was up to my ear and I was talking, but everything seemed to go into tunnel vision. I needed to find Miranda, because she was the only person who could begin to understand how broken I felt.

My mother was more than upset when she found out what had taken place. None of us wanted to lie about Izzy being blood, but we also never considered her anything else. Afraid that she was going to upset her, my mother promised to keep her composure and not talk about it unless Izzy brought it up.

I felt deflated, but knew she was in good hands with my parents.

It had been a frustrating night and thankfully, the boys passed out early. I carried them to their room and tucked them into bed.

Miranda was waiting for me on the couch. She patted the spot beside her. As soon as I plopped down, she had her arms around me and was climbing on my lap. I reached around and grabbed her ass, holding her there against me. "I love you, baby."

She leaned back and ran her hands over my face. "I love you, too. Have faith, Ty."

"It's so hard when I feel like I failed her. She put all of her trust in me and I was holding in the truth from her."

She kept staring into my eyes. "We did what we had to do. I'll never regret it."

Her kiss started out as comfort, but as soon as our tongues collided, it became so much more. I picked her up and started walking towards the bedroom, kicking the door open and closing it by leaning my body into it. Miranda reached over and locked it. I flipped us around, pressing her against the wall. My hunger was fueled by stress and this was the only way I knew how to deal with it. I need to feel my wife, her love, and everything else she was willing to give me.

Miranda's legs started to fall, so I carried her over to the bed and tossed her on the mattress. She backed up, steadily watching me to see what my next move was going to be.

I pulled off my shirt and began to unfasten my jeans. She followed my lead and started taking off her clothes. Miranda still looked young, with almost the same body as before the twins. Sure, she'd gained a couple pounds here and there, but I never thought she'd been more beautiful.

She held up her index finger and motioned for me to join her on the bed. "Come let mama make it all better."

I let out an air-filled, heavy laugh and did as she requested, all the while knowing that this was the best therapy for me.

I'd no sooner made it back onto the bed when she grabbed my hair and guided to me to lay down. I tried to kiss her, albeit she pulled away, teasing me like she knew turned me on. I found her nipple and pinched it between my fingers. Her body reacted and I heard a tiny cry escape her. That's when I kissed her, sliding my tongue on her mouth and feeling her immediately reciprocate. She climbed on top of me, shoved me down on my back and leaned down, putting her tits right in my face, by pushing them together. I opened my mouth and let my teeth drag against them.

Miranda bit down on her lip and watched me teasing, licking, and then finally sucking on them at the same time. Her ni**les hardened like rocks, while she began rocking her body up and down.

I pushed her up so I could reach down between those sexy thighs and touch what my dick craved. She was moist, ready and willing to give me whatever I wanted. I drove three fingers inside of her, causing her to gasp, before she could react any other way.

The slickness allowed me to slide my fingers in and out of her, teasing her clit all the way down to her taint. I used my thumb, circling over her pretty bud. She moved faster, rubbing herself on me harder. I pulled my hands up and ran my fingers over her mouth. Her tongue brushed against them, while she watched me watching her. "Tell me you want me, baby."

She reached up and grabbed her br**sts. "You first. Tell me you want me."

I groaned and ran my hands up each side of her rib cage. "You know I do. I need to be inside of you."

I tried to sit up, but she shoved me down again. "Lay down and close your eyes. Let me make you forget about everything."

It was exactly what I wanted her to do. She slid her body down my legs, dragging her long nails down my chest as she went. The pain combined with a sense of pleasure and I couldn't wait to find out what she was going to do next.

Honestly, I didn't care if she went fast or took her time. As long as she was touching me, I felt comforted.

Miranda got to my waist and moved slower, taking her time as she brushed the back of her fingers where the trail of pubic hair began. She was watching where she touched, becoming increasingly turned on by the second. I could tell from the way she was breathing and paying such close attention to detail.

I spread my legs apart enough for her get down between them. I knew what was coming next, but just like the very first time, it's always a new experience. Miranda grabbed my dick. She rubbed it over her cheek, feeling the smooth skin of my shaft. She opened her mouth, letting her tongue protrude just enough to moisten my tip. I was eager, but remained silent, knowing that when I was in her mouth, it would have been worth the wait.

The utter moment when I felt her warm lips surrounding the tip of my c**k allowed me to block out my emotions and accept a physical charge, giving me strength, pride and satisfaction. I reached down and moved her hair out of my view, so I could watch those lips applying the perfect pressure to my erection.

She massaged my thighs while she worked her mouth. As her own saliva lubricated my shaft, she grabbed the base with one hand and began jerking me off. I kept my eyes focused on what she was doing to me, what she was making me feel.

Miranda pulled away and sucked hard on my tip before spitting on it and taking it into her mouth again. She massaged my balls, and then tickled them while her masterful lips worked their magic.

My body began to react by itself. First my ass muscles tightened, and then my feet straightened. Her movements were too intense to ignore. I needed release.

She bobbed faster, moving her head up and down at a vigorous pace, taking me as deep into her throat as she could, sometimes even making herself gag as my dick brushed over her tonsils. I dug my hand into her blonde hair and pushed her into it harder. The more I did it, the more she gagged. I wanted to come in her mouth and fill her with my heated release, but Miranda had other plans for my hot juice. She jerked me hard, aiming my load to explode all over her supple tits.

I got off on looking at her ni**les and watching as my hot cum squirted all over them.

When I finally relaxed, she giggled and ran both hands over her wet tits. "How was that, babe?"

I closed my eyes and smiled. "That felt awesome."

She hopped up and started walking toward the bathroom. "I'm goin' to shower and then we can have round two, if you're still awake."

I sat up and watched her naked body walking out of the room. "Oh, I'll still be awake, but I might need a sandwich or some ice cream."

I could hear her laughing as she turned on the shower. I needed what she'd just given me and it had done exactly what I thought it would. I knew it was temporary, but at least for a little while, I wanted to feel as close to my wife as I could get. At least, if all hell broke loose in the morning, I'd still have something I could smile about.

Chapter 20

Miranda

It was nice to feel the hot water running all over my face. Considering the state that my husband was in, I couldn't exactly spill that I was just as stressed as he was. However, I did have one thing that he didn't.

I had faith.

I believed that things were going to work themselves out. I believed that in time, this would all be forgotten, and he and Bella's relationship would be as strong as it ever was.

The thing that got to me the most was the fact that she was denying the connection that she'd felt to Ty since the day she was born. I wasn't being silly. Everyone could see it and, up until all this happened, she wouldn't have denied it either.

Her inability to act right was our fault. Maybe we never should have lied to her, but being her father was so important for Ty.

Sure, we wanted to cover up a lie, and in a selfish way make her believe that he was her father, because Tucker never wanted her.

None of that mattered to her. All she saw was us betraying her.

I kept my eyes closed in the shower and tried to clear my head. After doing my wifely duties, I knew it was only a matter of time before he required more attention.

I had to give it to Ty, when the going got tough, he craved affection, like a baby needing his mother. He wanted to feel loved and in control. Who could blame him for that? It made complete sense.

I didn't realize Ty had come into the bathroom until the shower door creaked. I didn't turn around, knowing it was him wrapping his arms around me and nestling his head against my neck. "Are you okay?"

"What do you think?"

I turned around to face him. The water was soaking his hair and he looked up so it hit his face. Once he was done, he adjusted the showerhead and looked down at me. "I know you're not good with patience, but you're goin' to have to learn to be. This isn't somethin' that one conversation is goin' to fix, babe. Look, we're a family, and I know this might suck right now, but it won't last forever. Regardless who got me pregnant, you're the only father she's ever had. She knows that, even if she refuses to admit it, right now."

"It hurts so much. I feel like my life is over, even though I know it isn't."

I wrapped my arms tightly around him, laying my head against his chest. As I closed my eyes, I could feel that he'd begun to cry. His body shook as he sobbed and I couldn't look at him, because I knew I'd lose it as well. He needed to let it out, instead of keeping his emotions bottled up.

After he settled down, I took my time washing the both of us. Ty leaned against the shower wall with his eyes closed. I knew he was trying to relax, although it seemed impossible. Even though what we were going through was horrible, I had to appreciate his devotion to Bella. It only proved to me that he deserved to be the only father to her. I hate to admit it about anyone, but I was glad Tucker was dead. There was no way I'd ever want her to know him, or anyone else in his family.

When we got out of the shower, Ty didn't say much. He dropped his towel next to the bed and climbed in naked. I did the same, knowing that putting on clothes would be a waste of time. Clearly, his intentions to be close to me hadn't gone away.

We met in the middle of the bed. His arms pulled me close and our first kiss was slow and passionate. I liked when Ty kissed me that way. It was more than just a physical kind of kiss. There was no tongue involved; just our lips pressed together, like he was being fueled by my love for him.

When they finally began to intensify and our tongues began to play together, I knew his plans hadn't changed. Ty always chose sex over cuddling, not that I ever complained. After all of the years that we'd been together, it never got old. We experimented and kept things new, so that the only thing we had to complain about was finding time to be alone. Often, we'd end up sneaking a quickie in our closet, or other places where the kids wouldn't look.

I could tell he was getting turned on. As my hands traveled, his kisses became ravenous. "Are you tryin' to eat me alive?"

"Maybe," he said as he nibbled on my neck. Ty took my hand and put it against his cock, where he made it jump.

I giggled, imagining him thinking something like that would impress me. It wasn't that long ago that he'd stood on top of the bed, swinging it around and claiming to be a helicopter. Then he proceeded to say it was having engine failure when it started to jump up and down. As fascinating as it was that men could control that muscle, I was definitely not turned on. Instead, I laughed so hard that I think I may have peed a little. Tears had run down my eyes, and Ty got so offended that he went to bed angry.

His obsession with his own penis was sometimes disturbing, and after seeing how my boys acted, I knew they'd both be the same way. Just the other day, they got punished because they were standing in the tub peeing on each other and laughing about it.

Who does that?

"It's throbbing for you, baby."

His sentence brought me back to the task at hand, literally.

I took ahold of him, feeling his stiff girth with my palm. After just a few strokes, he was giving me that look, like I was in for a good time.

I dug my hands into his wavy brown hair, pulling him into a deep kiss, where our teeth collided. His tongue was warm and as it mingled with mine I could feel that fire between my legs. Ty could make me wet just by talking to me dirty, so I wasn't surprised that our emotions were heightened in lieu of our predicament. Then that fire ignited again between my legs. My body began to react to the way he explored my skin, while our tongues became one as they moved around. His hand found what it was looking for, when I felt it sliding between my legs, touching me in that special place that he knew so well. It brushed over the lips of my sex, before spreading me open and allowing him to feel just how much I wanted to be with him.

He started kissing his way down my body, taking a few extra moments to suck hard on each of my tits. When his tongue flicked each nipple, cries escaped me. I was breathless for his persuasive moves in getting me hot and bothered. Ty's hands knew me too well. They knew where to touch me, in spots that no one else would ever know. He knew how much I loved it when he teased my ni**les with his tongue. He wasn't just sucking on them or licking them. As his lips pulled away, his teeth bit down. It felt so good and I ran my hands into his hair, holding him in place with a fist full of locks. While he was already on his knees, he softly kissed down my stomach, stopping before he reached the top of my most sensitive area. He looked up at me and laughed, while still placing kisses on my inner thighs. "Spread these legs, because I'm planning on eating my way to your heart."

I watched him reach out and run two fingers over the lips of my pu**y while watching himself doing it. He licked his lips and the tingling throughout my body increased. He flicked my clit, sending pain and pleasure from my sensitive bud all the way to my ni**les. Ty moved his fingers down and started rubbing my lips, then back up to my clit. I watched him licking his lips, like I was the biggest steak he couldn't wait to dive into. When his mouth made contact with my throbbing pu**y, I thought I was going to lose it. I felt his tongue driving into my hot spot, not slow like he'd done a million times before. He made it hard, and pierced it in me like a dick, while his thumb rubbed over my clit, applying the right amount of pressure to make my body shudder and feel waves of pure physical bliss. His tongue moved faster and I pulled his hair as I cried out in pleasure. "Oh God, yes, please don't stop, Ty."

He kept licking, savoring my juices as I attempted to catch my breath. It amazed me how much a little stress could make sex a different experience. All of my senses became heightened, perhaps because we needed to focus everything on what we were doing, instead of what we were worried about.

I was still shaking when I felt him teasing my entrance with his hard shaft. As much as I wanted him to f**k me, I was getting off by his teasing. The more he rubbed that hard dick over my throbbing bud, the more I cried out in pleasure. It was hotter than my skin and each time it rubbed over it, the heat gave me waves of throbbing pleasure, repeatedly. "Please, Ty. I want you so bad and I don't want the boys wakin' up and ruinin' it." I dug my fingers into his shoulders, using my own strength to grind my body against his. He knew he was driving me insane and that I didn't want to wait much longer to have it. I moved my hips, grinding them into his erection, causing him to adjust his position.

"Eager little beaver. Calm down, this shit feels too good to rush through. I know you want this dick." He rubbed it over my pu**y again. My body bucked and soft, moaning cries escaped me again.

"I do. I want it so bad." I licked my lips while looking him right in the eyes.

He took his dick in his hand and started slapping my clit with it. My body immediately began convulsing again, feeling the pressure of it hitting what was still throbbing from the last time. A warm sensation came rushing out and Ty moaned, knowing he'd sent me into an erotic frenzy again.

I didn't have a moment to catch my breath, as he was driving into me, filling me, pushing it as far as it could go. I loved it and the walls of my pu**y reacted to his thrusts. Our movements mimicked as we got into a good pace. Ty grabbed my shoulders and pushed off of them. Feeling him digging into my skin got me off. I took my nails and pinched both of his small ni**les. He scrunched up his face and dug into my shoulder more.

Then he pulled out of me, flipping me over and shoving it back inside from behind. He held onto my hips and I grabbed the sheets, holding on tightly as he drove in and out of me. The faster he pumped, the better it felt.

Moments later he was tightening up and I was crying out, feeling the gush of his release filling me. Finally, he collapsed on top of my back as we both attempted to catch our breath. He rolled off and lay next to me on his back. We were too tired to look at anything except the ceiling, laying there side by side, naked and exhausted.

Ty reached over and took my hand into his. Our fingers laced together and he looked over and smiled. "Whatever happens, Miranda, please don't ever leave me. Your love is the only thing that keeps me sane."

I squeezed his hand. "I'm not goin' anywhere."

I closed my eyes and felt content falling asleep, knowing that Ty was sure, I'd never leave his side, no matter how bad things got.

Chapter 21

Tyler

I'd like to think that I woke up feeling refreshed after being able to sleep in until at least nine. Unfortunately, my life was never that blessed. Aside from having to get up to work, the boys were already up and causing a ruckus.

I found them in the kitchen. Jax was sitting on the countertop, barefoot, pouring cereal into a bowl. At least, he was trying to get it in the bowl, I think.

The small, colorful bunches were scattering across the counter. Jake was standing there, catching the ones that were falling on the floor. I stayed back, watching him picking them up off the ground and putting them back in the box for someone else to eat. My mind went back to how many times I'd sworn that there was something foreign in my cereal bowl. I cringed.

"Get your ass down, Jax."

"But we're hungry," he argued.

"Jake, is there a reason you're putting dirty cereal back in that box?"

He shrugged and looked like he didn't realize it was disgusting.

I ran my hand through my disheveled hair. "Seriously? Can I not wake up to this, just one morning out of the week?"

I walked over and started helping them pick up the cereal. Once they each had a bowl, I sat them down at the table and watched them being quiet, because their mouths were full of food.

I'd no sooner turned to make some coffee when I heard one of them fart. The room filled with laughter and I shook my head. "Don't do that at the table."

Miranda walked in, looking like she's been hit by a hurricane. "What are they doin' now?"

"Farting."

She walked past me and grabbed a cup. "Like that's anything new. Like father like sons."

I grabbed her by the waist and kissed her on the lips.

"Eww."

I opened my eyes to see them both staring at us. Knowing it drove them crazy, I kissed Miranda again, this time open mouthed. They covered their eyes, like they'd go blind from watching.

When we pulled apart Miranda was laughing. "Serves you both right. Eat your breakfast and go make those beds. You're goin' to need to get dressed for school right after that."

"And don't forget to brush your teeth," I added.

Miranda walked over to the door and started putting her shoes on. "I'm goin' to go grab Bella, so she has plenty of time to get ready. I promised her I'd do her hair."

Just hearing her saying our daughter's name got me upset. I knew she didn't want to see me. I closed my eyes as Miranda walked out and thought about all the times that I'd gone to get her from my parent's house. She'd always have a smile and hug waiting for me. I knew for a fact that she wouldn't do it now. Getting a hug wasn't the only thing that I worried about never getting again.

Deciding it was best to stay out of her way, I gathered up the boys to help get them ready for school. Jake usually listened and did well being independent, where Jax couldn't do anything by himself.

Our first challenge was to pick out something to wear that didn't match what his brother was wearing. As much as their mother liked them to be exactly alike, they hated it.

Another difference in the two boys was that Jake liked to dress neat, where his brother never wanted to match. Today was a perfect example. Jake picked out a t-shirt with a superhero on the front, and a pair of jeans. He grabbed his sneakers and started putting on a pair of socks.

His brother kicked and fought me. Finally, after he'd pissed me off enough, I told him to pick out whatever he wanted and meet us in the bathroom. Five minutes later, he came in wearing a yellow striped shirt with a plaid vest over top of it. His pants had random cars all over them and he topped it off with a pair of cowboy boots that were bright red. I'm pretty sure my mother got them at the dollar store one day when she was watching them, because there's no way Miranda would ever buy them.

"Boy, what the heck? Are you seriously telling me that, out of all the clothes in your closet, all you could find was what you have on?"

He shrugged and grabbed his toothbrush. "I got dressed, just like you said."

"You don't match. Your mom is going to kick my butt if I let you wear that to school." I wasn't kidding either.

"I want to wear it. I look like a rock star." He waved his hands out like he was already performing.

I laughed at him, while Jake looked embarrassed to admit Jax was related to him. "You have to change. Everyone is goin' to make fun of us, Jax."

"Shut up, butthead. I can wear what I want."

"You look ridiculous, Jax. Your brother is right."

"No, he's not," Jax argued. "I'm an American Badass."

I had to bite my tongue, because if I made a big deal out of him saying a cuss word, it would only make him want to do it more. "Jax, watch your mouth. Your mother's going to hear you and beat your little butt."

Jake pulled on his brother's vest. "Take it off!"

I grabbed them and pulled them apart. "Alright, let's not fight about it. If your mom says it's fine, then let your brother wear it. It's his body. If he wants to look like a complete freak of nature with a Kid Rock obsession, it's his choice."

I heard the door closing and the women coming into the house as Jax ran out of the bathroom.

By the time I reached where they were standing, Miranda had already gotten an eyeful of Jax's choice of attire. "Seriously? Jax Mitchell, get your butt in that bedroom and put on normal clothes."

He put his hands on his hips and stood still. "No! Dad said I can wear it."

I noticed Izzy laughing, but as soon as our eyes made contact, she froze in place. It was as if there was no one arguing in the room. Only the two of us existed in a bitter stare down.

Miranda nudged me as she grabbed Jax by the collar and started walking him back into his bedroom. His arms were flailing around as he tried to fight free. Izzy followed behind them, heading straight to her room without saying a single word to me.

All I could do was stand there next to Jake, feeling like I meant nothing to her. I don't know why I couldn't help myself, but I followed her into her room, where she refused to turn around and acknowledge me.

I started to say something, when she suddenly turned around. She was focused on my face, but her demeanor wasn't friendly. Her eyes looked like she was trying to telekinetically hit me with things. That knot in my stomach returned, but this time, it was filled with both pain and disappointment. "I just wanted to wish you a good first day back at school, Iz."

When she didn't reply, I walked out of the room, saying nothing more. In fact, I headed out to pick up Conner and start on our rounds without saying goodbye to anyone.

Conner, like every morning, was already outside. He was feeding the hunting dogs in their pen and giving them fresh water. "I thought you said you were going to make the girls start doing that."

Conner turned around and rolled his eyes. "That shit lasted one day. They dumped the whole bag of food in the pen and left it there, and then it rained. These two idiots would eat themselves to death if they could." He pointed to the two dogs.

"I'd rather be in there with them than at my house right now."

Conner turned off the hose and wrapped it back up. "What's that supposed to mean? Randa cut you off or somethin'?"

I blew air out of my mouth. "Shit, you know that's not happening."

"I heard about Bells. That's messed up, man. I know how much you two wanted to take that to the grave."

"Yeah." I kicked around some gravel. "It would have been nice." I ran my hand through my hair. "Everything is so f**ked up now. I don't even know who to be mad at. I mean, I hate that Noah and Iz took it upon themselves to look into Tucker, but I can't blame them. I would have done the same thing. Kids are curious that way."

"Have you talked to her?"

"I tried. She slept at my parent's house, and this morning she refused to speak to me. It's never going to be the same again, man. I can tell. She's never going to look at me as nothing more than a liar." My throat started burning and I had to fight my emotions. It wasn't like I wanted Conner to see me all vulnerable. He'd have a field day for weeks picking on me.

"Give her time. If she's anything like her mother, she'll forget about it soon enough." Conner seemed sure, but nobody knew Iz like I did. I saw the pain in her eyes, and it killed me. She also was full of her mother's spunk. That woman could hold a grudge.

We headed off to work and separated like we did each day. Since my dad was getting older, he stuck to the easy work, like driving the tractor around or picking up things from town. The old man didn't want to admit that it was time for him to enjoy his life. He also didn't want to admit that Conner and I had made his small farm a very lucrative ranch. Not only were we raising and selling cattle, but we still had produce and even chicken houses. For the most part, I handled the chickens, Conner worked with the cattle, and my dad and the other farm workers managed the produce. It was what he knew, and trying to teach him something new was just a waste of time.

Halfway through the day, I got a call from Miranda. I could hear a blow-dryer in the background and knew she was at the salon. "Ty, I need you to go get Bella."

"Why? Is she sick?"

"No, she punched a kid in the face. She's suspended."

"What? You've got to be kidding me."

"I'm not. Listen, I'm booked solid today. Your mom is at the doctors. Please, just go get her."

"I'm leaving now."

Of course I dropped what I was doing and headed to town to pick up Iz. After hearing the story from the principal, Izzy came out of the office and walked with me to the truck. She said nothing as she buckled her seat belt. I started the engine, but didn't put it into drive. "Are you going to tell me what happened?"

She shrugged her shoulders.

"Izzy, I'm not playing around. Tell me why you hit that boy. Now!"

She looked out the window and refused to answer me.

"When you get home, go straight to your room, young lady."

I started driving and got halfway down the road before she spoke and it was nothing that I would have expected her to say. "I don't have to listen to you. You're a liar and you're not my dad."

She may as well have had an arrow and shot it straight through my heart. I was stunned, hearing her say something that would crush me, without any regard for my feelings.

It was difficult to continue driving with her sitting there, but I managed to make it to the house without losing it. "Get your little ass in your bedroom and don't even think about coming out."

She got out of the car and slammed the door. I waited until she went inside before covering my face and weeping like a small child. I couldn't take much more and it had only just begun. I didn't know how I was going to be able to look at her day after day and see that hate in her eyes. It would destroy me.

Chapter 22

Miranda

It was impossible to concentrate on styling someone's hair when I knew that my daughter had been suspended from school. My hands were shaking, and more than anything, I worried about Ty having to pick her up.

She thought I didn't notice her ignoring him earlier in the day. I wanted to scold her, but the boys were in the car, and Ty and I both thought it was best to leave them out of this. If things worked themselves out, they never had to know.

About an hour after I'd called Ty, he called me back. I should have known that she was going to be defiant.

"Hey, babe. Is she home? Did you find out what happened?"

"We're home, and all the principal said was that she punched a boy because he said something she didn't like."

"Well, did you ask her about it?"

"Of course I did."

"So what's her excuse?"

"Baby, she's ain't talking to me. In fact, she said I wasn't her dad and she didn't have to listen to me. To be honest with you, I don't know how much more of this I can take. I've never wanted to smack her ass, but when she acted like that, it was all I could do to keep from spanking her."

I felt horrible hearing that not only had she not listened to Ty, but also that she'd been so hurtful to him. "I don't care how upset she is about all of this. She has no right to treat you like this. You are her father, and this shit is not goin' to fly. I have two more clients and then I'll be home. Are you okay for now, or do I need to see if Amy can help me out?"

"She's in her room. I told her not to show her face until you got home. The boy's will be getting off the bus soon, and I'm going to keep them outside. The chicken coop out back hasn't been cleaned in a week and it's starting to smell. Once they collect the eggs, I'm getting on their asses about keeping up with it. You know they promised they would, and that's why I agreed to let them get the damn things in the first place. I'll be damned if I'm stuck with taking care of another one of their pets. I already have to take care of the dog when they forget to feed her or let her in at night."

I could tell he was looking for reasons to bitch, to elude what was going on with Bella. Who could blame him? Besides, the kids did need to be more responsible. "I'll be home as soon as I can. Don't worry about dinner. I'll make something."

"I already put a roast in the crockpot."

Bella hated roast and he knew it. "Well, that's one way to piss her off."

"Yeah, if she's hungry she'll eat it, won't she?"

"Baby, I know you're irritated. I'm so sorry for this."

"Go back to work and just get home to me. Everything's so much better when you're here with me."

"I'll be home soon. I love you."

"Love you, too."

Amy gave me a look when I hung up the phone. She had one client under the dryer, so we knew she wouldn't be able to hear what we were saying. "How bad it is now?"

I sat in my chair and covered my face. "Girl, I don't even know where to begin. Now she's tellin' him he's not her father and she doesn't have to listen to him. What am I supposed to do? I can't believe this is happenin' to us." I couldn't stop the tears from falling, and Amy was at my side in an instant, trying her best to be the supportive sister-in-law and best friend that she was.

"I can't imagine what you're going through."

"It just sucks, because he loves her so much. I get that she's pissed off, but how can she not think about the impact that he's had on our lives? How can she look him in the eyes and say somethin' like that, without regard for his feelin's? He's so torn up over this. He hasn't been this upset since my accident."

"Have you considered putting them into therapy together? You know there are doctors out there that work with families? They'd probably be able to help all three of you get through this."

I nodded and wiped my eyes. "Yeah. I told her this mornin' that I was going to call."

Amy hugged me. "Conner and I are right down the road if you need anything. I don't care what time it is. If you two need to walk away for a minute, you know where to go. If you need to ship her off to our house, just drop her butt at the door. I'm sure your brother would like to get his opinion in."

I thought about Conner scorning Bella. She hated it almost as much as Ty and I telling her what to do. Conner always said that Bella got special treatment, so I was sure that he'd almost enjoy putting her in place. "That's definitely an option. The way things are goin', I might ship her to move in."

"Miranda, it's not going to get that bad. She's rebelling. Bella's hurt. She feels betrayed, and I think it especially hurts because she loves Ty so much. Sure, she's saying and doing terrible things, but put yourself in her shoes. This isn't about her becoming a bad child. It's about not knowing how to cope with something so devastating."

"I know. I just don't know what to do."

"Be patient. When she's settled down, hopefully she'll come to you. In the meantime, I'd call that doctor. You're going to need someone who isn't in the family to be the middle ground."

My client walked in the door and we dropped the subject. I turned around to walk to the bathroom to make sure my tears hadn't caused too much damaged on my eyes.

Once I came back out and started working, I focused on the task and tried not to think about how bad the night was going to be. As much as I wanted to be able to just cut this person's hair, my mind kept going back to Bella and Ty. There had to be a way to find a common ground, before things got any worse.

I knew Ty, and him hearing her say that to him this morning had to have been awful. I wouldn't have been able to handle it the way he had.

Then my mind went back to our wedding day, and that's when I completely lost it. I thought back to Ty, getting down on one knee and including Bella in his vows. He'd promised to not just love me forever, but her as well. She may not have remembered that day, but it was something that I would never forget.

Ty hadn't just been a good dad to Bella. He was amazing, never taking her for granted for a single second. He didn't deserve any of this.

I placed my scissors down at my station and ran into the bathroom. My sobs could probably be heard by everyone, and when Amy came running in after me, I was sure of it.

She took me in her arms. "I knew I should have sent you home. Miranda, I'll finish up your client. She'll be fine about it. Get your things and go home to your husband and daughter. They need you so much, because you are the glue that holds everything together.

She was right. I had to be strong. My family's future depended on it. "Okay. You're right. I need to find a way to get through to her. We can't be miserable like this forever. I won't let it destroy everything we have. She doesn't understand how lucky we are."

Amy walked me out, and she'd been right about my client. After she stood up and hugged me, she reassured me that Amy could finish up. It wasn't a big deal. I had to be grateful of my job and my partner. It didn't hurt that she was also family.

Our houses were close enough that I didn't have to walk to work, but I was lazy and chose to drive. Bella was in middle school and she hated to ride the bus, so after taking her in the mornings, I just drove right to the salon.

I pulled in next to Ty's truck and saw him sitting on the porch of his mother's house, which was located behind ours. They both waved, and I walked over toward them. Once I made it up the porch steps, I could see that they'd been having a heart to heart. Ty wasn't crying, but he definitely was upset. His eyes were bloodshot and his mother looked equally devastated.

"I told you that you didn't have to come home early."

"Yes, I did. I couldn't be there for another minute knowin' how she's actin'. I just came to tell you to give me some time alone with her. This crap ends here, today."

Ty tried to smile, but I could tell he wasn't convinced things would be resolved so easily. "I haven't gone inside since we got home."

"Her little ass better be in her room."

"Miranda, don't be too hard on her. She's upset."

"That is no excuse. Don't sit there makin' excuses for her breakin' your heart, Ty. She's not goin' to keep actin' like that."

"Just don't go overboard. She's fragile."

I shook my head and thought about him still looking out for her, considering everything that was going on. It made me angrier with her.

I walked into the house and saw her sitting at the kitchen table. She was on her IPad and it immediately pissed me off. I grabbed it off the table and tossed it on the counter. "There will be no electronics in your possession, young lady."

"I was messagin' Noah."

"You and Noah are the reason that all of this is happenin'. What were you thinkin' today, Bella? Why would you hit another person?"

"He made me mad."

"You make me mad, but I don't punch you in the face. This is goin' to end, or you're goin' to be one miserable little girl, understand that! I've had it with you and the way you're actin'. Do you have any idea how much you've hurt your father?"

She shrugged but wouldn't look at me. The one thing I noticed was that she wasn't emotional at all. Her face was empty.

"Isabella Mitchell, answer me."

She crossed her arms. "I'm not a Mitchell."

"The hell you aren't." I'd lost my cool, not that I really ever had it. "You are a Mitchell in every way. That man out there has been in your life since day one. How dare you take that from him? How could you be so cold? Yeah, we lied and made you think he was your birth father, but look at what he's done for you. Half of your friends don't have dads at all and you have one who goes above and beyond, day after day. That man out there would die for you. He'd do anything to make sure you want for nothin'. I get that you're mad, but dammit Bella, look at what you're doin' to our family."

She still wouldn't speak to me. I was at a loss for words. She'd never been so defiant and I didn't know what else to do. "You're not goin' to say anything?"

She still remained silent.

I pointed toward her bedroom. "Get in that room and don't come out! You're punished until I say you aren't longer. No phone, no electronics and no television. You're goin' to learn to be respectful or you'll be miserable forever."

She stomped into her room and slammed the door. A part of me wanted to bust in and punish her more for that. Since I'd already taken away everything she loved, I didn't have another thing to strip from her.

I sat down in the chair that she'd gotten up from and began to cry. This was all too much for me. I couldn't believe that it wasn't all a bad nightmare.

I'd never punished her like that, and it broke my heart into a million pieces to have to do it. I wondered, if this lie had ruined our perfect little girl forever.

Chapter 23

Tyler

Izzy never came out of her room for dinner, nor did she show her face for the rest of the night. It tore me up knowing she was right in the next room, but refused to make the initiative to work things out with me.

We ate in silence, even the boys aware that something was wrong, even though they just didn't know what. The last thing I wanted was for them to find out about Izzy. I didn't care how this all turned out. To me, and anyone else that I knew, she was mine. She could be pissed and never talk to me again, but she'd still be my daughter.

Miranda was going a little overboard with the support. She was waiting on me as if I'd lost a limb and couldn't move. It only made me aware of the situation more, instead of helping me through it. She meant well, so I didn't have the heart to ask her to stop. Besides, she needed to keep busy to distract herself.

By the time we'd tucked the boys into bed, they couldn't hold in their curiosity. I put the covers over Jax and he sat up in bed. "Dad, what's wrong with Bella? Is she sick or somethin'?"

"She's not feeling like herself."

"Can she play tomorrow?"

"We'll see, buddy."

As unfortunate as it was, days passed and Izzy refused to associate with me. Day after day she'd go to school, come home, and stay locked in her room. Finally, after a week, Miranda got us an appointment with a counselor that specialized in family issues.

I would have liked to solve everything without having to bring someone else into the mix, but we were at a last resort. Izzy refused to talk to me, to look at me, or to even be in the same room as me.

She'd even stopped associating with the rest of the family and totally shut down. Our appointment was in the morning, so the three of us got into the car and headed on our way. It was the first time in weeks that we were in such a confined space. None of us talked.

Once we got inside of the office, I felt nervous. It hurt coming clean the first time, and not knowing what this doctor was going to expect from me was nerve wracking.

She took me and Miranda in first, sitting us side by side. We held hands as we waited for the questions to begin.

The doctor wrote down some notes before looking up at us. It was a woman, who looked like she was in her fifties. Her hair was gray and down to her shoulders. She wore wide rimmed black glasses that sat low on the bridge of her nose. "I'm doctor Pritchett. It's nice to meet you both. I understand you're in here today because you're having some issues at home. Can you tell me about them?"

Miranda and I took turns, starting at the beginning when she'd first become pregnant, all the way until present day. We didn't talk about how we obtained illegal paternity papers, but just that my name was added to the birth certificate as the father.

She took notes the whole time we talked, and I felt like I was on trial instead of being helped.

"I'd like to talk to Isabella, if that's alright with you two?"

We got up and Miranda went out, letting Izzy know that it was her turn.

After only ten minutes, the doctor came out and got us to join them. We sat there, staring forward and waiting for her to magically make us a happy family again.

"I'd like to see you all the same time next week. Would that work for you?"

I looked at Miranda and shook my head. "I knew this was a waste of time."

Before I could get up and walk out of the room, my wife grabbed my hand. "Ty, wait!"

I turned, sighed and stood there. "For what? We've sat here and told her everything and now she wants to see us next week."

"Actually, sir, I was going to suggest some exercises that you could do together at home." I turned around to see that she'd handed Miranda a printout of paper. "The three of you have just been through something traumatic. I know it isn't life threatening, like some things could be, but it's important to understand that something like this takes time to get through. Isabella, excuse me, Bella, has a lot to take in. We've only spoke briefly, but I can see that she's angry. The exercises that I'm asking you to do are easy. It requires you both to spend fifteen minutes alone with her, in which you are expected to ask one question at a time, until the allotted fifteen minutes are up. You don't have to do them back to back. One of you can do it in the morning and one before, or however it works best for you. You're not the only family that's going through a crisis and everything is fixable as long as you can be patient with each other. Restoring things back to normal is going to take both understanding and forgiveness. I want you to head home and work on this every day. We'll talk about progress next week."

We all three started to get up and as the girls walked out I heard her calling me back inside the office. "Mr. Mitchell, could I have a word?"

I sat down, feeling like she was going to scold me for being so rude earlier. "I'm sorry I jumped the gun. You can imagine I'm a little on edge."

"Don't give up on your daughter."

"I won't. It's just hard knowing she hates me so much."

"She doesn't. It was one of the first questions I asked her. I sense that she's being resilient to communicate and that's very normal. For eleven years, she's only known one thing. Being able to accept change doesn't happen overnight. I do hope you come back next week. Try your best to do the exercise with Bella each day, no matter if she cooperates or not. Don't let her see you giving up, because she'll think you don't care."

I reached over and shook her hand. "I'll do whatever it takes."

"See you next week, then."

I met the girls at the car. Bella was in the back, looking out the window like she was all alone. I smiled at Miranda as I climbed into the passenger seat. "Are you ladies hungry? We can stop and get something to take home. The boys are eating over Mimi and Poppy's."

"We could eat somewhere here in town, too. Are you hungry, Bella?" She looked in the rearview mirror at our daughter.

"Kind of."

"We could go to that place that has the cool dessert case. Would you like that?" I was trying to butter her up, but she wasn't having it.

"I don't like that place anymore."

"Since when? You've loved that place since you were two."

"Since now. I'm not really hungry. Can we just go home?"

I'd struck out again. Miranda reached over and took my hand. She smiled and squeezed it. I knew not to push my luck.

We stopped at a drive-thru, and even though she didn't ask for anything, we got her something anyway. Miranda and I stole a couple fries out of the bag. I picked it up and held it behind me to see if she wanted one, but she acted like she didn't see it there, in front of her face.

"Remember when Bella was a baby and she called them fri fri's?"

"Every time she saw a fast food place she'd yell for them," I replied.

"And you'd get them for her," Miranda added.

I leaned my head against the window. "I got her everything she ever asked for. It was my job."

The car got quiet and it was hard to fight my way back to her heart. The more we brought up the happier times, the more she refused to interact with us at all.

That following night, I headed into Izzy's room after dinner. She was sitting on her bed, working on a school paper. I sat on the edge and looked over at her. "We need to do our exercise now, Iz."

"Can we do it tomorrow? I don't feel like talkin'."

"We have to do it every night. Don't you want things to get better? I hate that you won't talk to me. I miss you, Iz."

"Don't call me that. I'm not your Izzy anymore."

I closed my eyes as my lips began to tremble. "Please don't say that."

"It's true. I'm not doin' these questions with you. You can't make me talk. You can't make me do anything." She packed her papers into her book bag and sat it down on the floor. Then she got under her covers and rolled on her side, like I wasn't even there.

I stood up and started to walk out of the room. My head rested on the door as I considered yelling, pleading or anything that would get her attention. Deciding that it would only piss her off more, I knew I had to walk away. "You'll always be my Izzy, because you'll always be my daughter. Even if you hate me forever, I'll never stop loving you. I'll never stop waiting for you to forgive me."

I went straight to my room and closed the door. It wasn't something I wanted to talk to Miranda about. All I wanted to do was be alone. It was exhausting living like this day after day. I wanted my family back and I could tell that it was beginning to take a toll on us all.

Miranda came in a short while later, probably because she'd noticed that I wasn't in Izzy's room. I'd already gotten into bed and turned off the lights. She sat down beside me and rubbed my back. "I guess it didn't go well?"

"She told me not to call her Izzy anymore. Miranda, I don't know how much more I can take of this. It's tearing me apart by the second. I'm sick of feeling like I'm helpless."

"I just talked to my mom. She and John want to take to the kids for the weekend. They are coming to get them on Friday. I know she's still punished, but I think we all need a break. Maybe if she's gone for a few days she'll get homesick and realize we're all she has."

I rolled over and looked at her. "I'm willing to try anything. You know that."

"Good, because I already told her it was okay. Let's just try to get through this week. I know it's hard. I hate this. She's so stubborn."

I grabbed her hand. "She's like her mother."

"Well, if she's so much like me, then I know she'll forgive you." She leaned down and kissed me on the lips.

I couldn't give up on hoping she'd come around. It wasn't the guilt that was killing me anymore. It was the pain. I longed to have her love me again and the longer I went without it, the emptier I felt.

Chapter 24

Miranda

I'd like to say that things started to get better after seeing the therapist, but it wasn't the case. Nothing had changed.

We were stuck in this vicious circle of ignoring the issue, every day and every night. I missed my family and the way we used to do things together. Now, getting them in the same room was impossible.

You couldn't even cut the tension in the house with a chainsaw. Bella stayed in her room, while Ty stayed in ours. Neither of them wanted to bump into the other. The exercises didn't do anything except frustrate Ty more. Each night he'd go in and attempt to do them. Ten minutes later he'd come out upset.

Bella refused to associate with Ty or do things with her brothers, and she wasn't exactly being friendly to me, either. By the time Friday came along, I was excited for her to get away. Don't get me wrong, I adored my children, but something had to give. Maybe if they had a break from each other, Bella would miss us and start to appreciate the life she had.

My mother and John came while the kids were still in school. It gave us a chance to talk and fill her in on everything. I could see that she was hurt by all of this. The thing was, there wasn't one person in our family who was against Ty being Bella's father. They all wanted it to happen, so clearly they were as upset as we were that she'd learned about Tucker.

My family had hated the man from the beginning. I'd always had terrible taste in men, but he was by far the worst. Many times I thought my brother was going to kill him, especially after I found out I was pregnant.

Usually when someone's in a relationship, even when it's bad, you can pick out the good times and focus on them. Unfortunately, there were no good times to remember about Tucker. He was a liar, a cheater, and a criminal. I was the biggest fool for being interested in someone like him, and it hurt so much knowing that it was my fault he'd come into our lives and made such a mess of things. After all these years, his ghost was still haunting us and wreaking havoc on our future.

More than anyone, Van was especially upset. The things that went down with her and Tucker had scarred her for life. She never wanted her children to know about that horrible time. There was a chance that Noah had already dug too deep. If he knew, it was only a matter of time before it came out.

It would break Van's heart to be looked at as the victim, especially now after everything they'd gotten through. The woman had battled breast cancer and came out healthier than ever. She was a fighter, even if she didn't know it herself. I hated that my child could dredge up something that should have stayed buried forever.

When the kids came home and learned what was happening, they were completely ecstatic. We'd already packed their things, so after saying goodbye, we watched them driving away from the house.

I turned around and looked at him, who seemed relieved to have a break from the constant tension in the house. "We have the whole house to ourselves. I think we should take a nap and clean the carpets." They were a mess from everyone dragging in dirt every day.

He grabbed the elastic of my pants and pulled me toward him. "The only carpet I'm planning on cleaning is yours."

Leave it to my husband to come off with a joke as soon as he felt comfortable again. "I'll have you know that my carpet has been gone for years."

"I think I need to check." He started tugging down my pants and kissing me on the neck.

"Ty, they just left. We have all weekend. Don't you want to do somethin' constructive?" I had a huge to-do list to conquer.

"Getting you naked is constructive. I need to flush out your pipes, baby,"

I laughed at him as he tried to kiss me again. I moved my head to the side so that he missed my lips. "If we get naked now, I know you won't want to get out of bed. We'll get nothin' done."

He reached up my shirt and started to unclasp my bra. "I promise, I'll be quick. One hour and you can scrub whatever you want. Just give me some pu**y." He stuck out his bottom lip. "Please?"

I rolled my eyes and pulled away from him. "You're worse than a kid."

"Whatever it takes to get me in those pants." He winked at me, like his efforts were going to get him further. It wasn't like I was denying him sex. In due time, after we'd done everything on the list, I'd spend all night in his arms. There was a time and a place and Ty never seemed to follow those rules.

"You're hopeless. How about I just bend over right here, let you have your way, and then get to work?"

His eyebrow raised and a smile formed out of the corner of his mouth. "Really?"

I smacked him across the chest. "I was kiddin'. My God, you're a horny man. You need the reverse of Viagra. You need NOagra."

He laughed at my comment and I left him standing there, while I went in our bedroom to put away three baskets of clothes. Like always, I made our bed and dumped the baskets on top of it. From there, I'd separate what belonged to who and then fold it.

Ty came in the room and jumped on the bed. The pile scattered off the bed and onto the floor. As I bent over to pick some up, he grabbed me and pulled me on the mattress. "Let me work."

"Sex first than I'll be your slave all day."

I turned at looked at him, wondering if he meant it. "Seriously? If I give you some, you'll do whatever I ask, all day long?"

He slapped me on the ass. "Yes, ma'am." He starting dry humping me rapidly, like a dog. "I'm going to hit it like this."

I laughed and tried to move away, but he grabbed my arms and pinned me down, hovering over my body. Finally, I rolled my eyes and gave in. "Fine. Do what you must."

He kissed me on the lips and pulled away when I didn't reciprocate. "You have to participate. It's your wifely duty."

A laughed escaped me. "My duty? Ty, I give you sex all the time. You're hornier than anyone else on this planet. I can't bend over without you getting behind me and humpin' me. I have to change in the closet, because I know if you see me naked, you'll attack me. When you don't get you're even worse. You walk around mopin' and actin' like your life sucks. You're ridiculous!"

He grabbed my shirt and pulled it, forcing me to lift up my body and be face to face with him. He looked right at me, trying to figure out if I was annoyed or kidding.

"What's wrong, babe? Did I hit a nerve? Are you afraid I might leave you and become a lesbian?"

Ty shot up and looked at me like I'd been infected with a disease. "Please say you're kidding. You wouldn't?"

I burst into laughter. "You should have seen your face. Oh my Lord, your pride would have disintegrated. You poor thing. What's wrong? You can't take a joke can you?"

He pinned my arms above my head and leaned down. "Don't joke like that. My meat is still good and you know it."

"Your meat is getting old," I teased.

"It never expires." He dragged his erection over my leg.

"I think it's defective. It's been overexposed."

The more I joked, the more offended he became. I couldn't help but laugh at the way he acted like his penis was such a prize possession. He finally rolled over and put his arms above his head. "I feel worthless now," he pouted.

I rolled over, placing my body over his. "I'm just teasin' you." I reached my hand down his pants and got a hold of him. "If the house wasn't a wreck, I'd spend the whole weekend in this bed with you, because it's what we both need. We've been through hell, and it's not gettin' any better. I just want it to be the way it was before. I want us to feel whole again. We've tried to be mean, nice, hurt, and desperate and none of it fazes her. I don't know what else to do. We've taken all of her favorite things away and she doesn't care. We've started therapy. I feel like I failed her, Ty. I know that inside of that hard-headed body, there is a little girl that longs to run right back into your arms." I ran the back of my hand over his cheek. "You think she hates you, but you're so wrong. She's doin' what I would. She's shuttin' down so she doesn't have to deal with it."

"I'd like to do that. This has been the worst couple months of my f**king life."

"You know what they say? The pyramids weren't built in a day, babe. I have to believe that things will get better. How much worse can they be?"

Ty grabbed my hand and kissed it. "I have an idea. In lieu of everything that's going on, and since the kids have something to do all weekend, what do you say that the two of us get away? I know you think we need to clean and do shit here, but we both need a break from reality. I say we pack a bag and we just go. I don't care where and as long as it has a bed, I'm good."

I looked around the room, at the bed and then back to Ty. Getting away sounded nice and I wanted to unwind. Ty really needed to. "Do you promise to help me clean Sunday?"

He crossed his heart. "Promise."

"Then let's pack a bag and get out of here."

We both jumped up like we were on the run and the cops were closing in on us. I had no idea what I was throwing in the bag, and I didn't care. Ty was right. As long as we had a bed, I didn't care where we went. This weekend was long overdue and I had a feeling it was going to help us both immensely.

Chapter 25

Tyler

It was so spur of the moment that, even after we were in the car driving, we still didn't know where we were heading.

We drove east, both aware that we were going in the direction of the ocean. Since it was fall, the crowds of tourist would be gone, and we'd have our pick of hotels to stay at. I think once Miranda knew where we were going she seemed a little giddy. We hadn't been to the beach alone in years, and although we couldn't swim, it still seemed exciting.

"I have dad watching the house and feeding the dog. I told him we'd be back by Sunday afternoon." I reached over and grabbed her hand.

She smiled at me and leaned her head on my shoulder. "This is goin' to be good, babe. I think we need to get our heads in the right place."

I looked over at her and couldn't help myself. "I know where your head should be." I pointed between my legs, and she sat up and smacked me.

"You need to see a sex therapist."

"What?" I couldn't stop laughing. "I'm alone with my wife, on the way to a hotel, where I know we're going to be naked, a lot. There's no harm in getting things started while we're driving."

The more annoyed she became, the more I kept taunting her. Not only was it funny, but it also distracted me from what was still lingering in the back of my mind. I was worried about my daughter, and regardless how far away I drove, or whatever I was doing to stay distracted, it wasn't going to change.

I knew the weekend getaway was going to be good for both of us, but it wasn't going to make anything better. Sure, we could all use time apart, but I had this feeling that healing wasn't going to be that easy for Iz.

Miranda ran her hand over the inside of my thigh. I let out a chuckle and smiled. She brought her lips close to my ear and unbuckled her seatbelt. The sun was just setting, and we were on a road in the middle of nowhere. I focused on the road as she unbuttoned my pants and began to giggle.

"What's so funny?" I asked.

"Nothin'. It's just been a while since we did somethin' like this. I feel like I'm a teenager and we're goin' to get in trouble. Just promise me that if I do this, you won't close your eyes. I don't care how old we are. It's still embarassin' havin' to explain why we drove into a ditch." I felt her warm hands traveling underneath the elastic to my boxers. She traced the skin of my c**k with her fingertips. Even the slightest touch got me fully aroused. When she began to stroke me, I had to pay close attention to staying focused on the road. All I really wanted to do was close my eyes and enjoy what was going on.

I made it about a mile before her stroking became too intense for me to concentrate on the road. After pulling over into an abandoned driveway, turning off the car and the headlights, I was ready to enjoy what was to come next. I played with Miranda's hair as she leaned down and took me in her mouth. Her lips were so wet and her warm saliva covered my shaft within the first stroke of her mouth.

I finally closed my eyes and concentrated on what she was doing. I'd watched her do it for so many years that I could picture it perfectly in my mind. With a quick adjustment to the seat, I was reclined, giving us both some extra room to play with.

Miranda tugged on my pants, and I lifted up my ass so she could tug them all the way off of it. She got back to the task at hand, while I rubbed her back and focused on her sweet lips surrounding my hard dick.

Her pace became rapid and I knew she wanted me to be done. Instead of letting her take my load, I grabbed her by the hair and pulled her off of me. In the dim light of the moon, I watched her lick her lips and look at me with confused eyes. "Not like that, baby. Hop in the back and take off those pants."

She removed her pants and climbed into the backseat. I got out of the car, with my pants around my ankles, and got into the back. Miranda moved to the other side. She put one leg up on the front seat headrest and the other against the rear window. I left the car door ajar as I slid right in between those legs and felt for what I wanted.

Her pu**y was wet, probably from sucking on my dick for so long. It made me crazy knowing she got off on doing that. With my dick in my hand, I plowed into her without warning. She moaned as we immediately got into a good groove. I put both hands on her feet and kept her legs spread as I thrust myself inside of her again and again. The longer we went, the wetter she got. We began to make a smacking noise when our bodies came together.

I pumped her even harder, bringing her to the brink of ecstasy, there in the backseat of our family car, where fast food had been spilled and diapers had been changed.

Even with the door still open it was hot, and the windows on Miranda's side were fogged up from the heat of her breath and body. Her head was thumping against the glass each time I rammed her. Still she begged me for more, becoming as caught up in the moment as I was.

Our kisses were rough, with no real pattern to the way our tongues moved. Her skin tasted of salt from the sweat, but it didn't stop me from licking certain parts of it. I dug my lips into her neck and licked up to her chin. She sighed, and I did it again.

We were finally completely alone, and all I wanted to do was lose myself in her over and over, until I passed out from exhaustion.

The sweat was rolling down my face, burning my eyes, but I couldn't back off. We were right there, both ready to explode with passion. I removed one hand from her foot and started rubbing my thumb over her clit. Even when she struggled to release, I could always count on that to make it happen.

Sure enough, Miranda reached up and grabbed the handle on the ceiling. She cried out loudly, knowing that nobody would hear her. I bucked my body against her a few more times before I felt myself tightening up and the moment of bliss overwhelming me.

We were panting, completely breathless from our heated encounter. While still in the backseat, sitting up next to one another, Miranda leaned her head on my shoulder. "That was unexpected."

I patted her thigh. "I've been waiting for that shit all day. It's a good thing I'm not an addict or anything. My balls could have exploded."

She slapped my leg again and climbed out of the car. "You're so full of shit."

I laughed and climbed out, pulling up my pants and taking in the fresh, fall air. "You're full of cum."

We both began to laugh.

A couple hours later we were pulling up at a hotel that was right on the ocean. It was getting late, we hadn't had anything to eat in hours, and we both needed a shower. Since I wanted to make the weekend nice, I went up to get the room and got the honeymoon suite. Miranda stood near the elevators as I approached her with the room key.

Neither of us had ever been to this particular hotel, so she had no clue that I was taking her to one of their best rooms. When we walked in and she saw it, her mouth dropped. Not only did we have a heart shaped bed, but a very large hot tub.

She dropped her bag. "Are you sure you didn't plan this?"

"I swear. You're the one that picked the hotel."

We both looked around the room, and at the same time plopped down on the large bed. When it began to vibrate, we both sat up and looked at each other, then burst into laughter.

Behind Miranda was the remote to control the bed. She must have landed on it. After pushing all the buttons, the bed silenced. I grabbed the remote and tossed it to the floor, then rolled on top of her. "You look beautiful tonight, Mrs. Mitchell."

"You don't have to sweet talk me to get me into bed, Mr. Mitchell. Your wish is my command this weekend."

I smiled and shook my head. "Are you sure you want to put that out there? I may require you to be my love slave and perform annilingus over and over again."

She grabbed my face and squeezed my cheeks together, almost to the point of pain. Her lips brushed over mine, but we didn't take our eyes off of one another. "The only slave in this room is goin' to be you. You're not the only one with needs, and I've already contributed to the cause. It's your turn now."

I ran my hand up her shirt and underneath her bra. Her skin was warm and her ni**les hard. "I'll play fair."

She grabbed the edge of my shirt and lifted it over my head. "Shut up and get naked. I want to get in that tub immediately, and you're comin' with me."

I stood up on the bed and removed my shirt, then swung it around over my head. Miranda leaned up on her elbow, watching me and laughing. My pants were the next to come off. I kicked them across the room and turned around, wiggling my ass and pulling my boxers halfway down, like I was teasing her. I turned around again and grabbed my balls, thrusting in the air, while circling one of my ni**les with my finger. I licked it and circled the other one.

Miranda was laughing so hard she had tears in her eyes. "Please...that's enough!"

It wasn't enough, though. If she wanted entertainment, I was going to give it to her. "Baby, the show has just begun." I let the boxers fall and started moving my ass around, getting my dick to swing around in circles. "You ever ride in a helicopter?"

She covered her face and curled up, laughing so hysterically that she couldn't catch her breath. When I collapsed on the bed next to her, I grabbed her body and pulled her close to me. She looked directly into my eyes and tried to calm herself down to speak. Her hand touched my cheek, and I moved my head to kiss it. I lifted her other hand and held it against my heart. She kissed me slowly, like we had all the time in the world. "I missed this side of you, Ty. I know you try to be yourself, but you've been so different. Thanks for bringin' me here."

I kissed her hands. "I would do anything for you."

I meant it.

"I know you would."

Chapter 26

Miranda

Our room had a freaking hot tub in it. I couldn't get over that. When I finally calmed down from laughing at my husband's antics, I sent pictures of the room to Van and Amy. They had no idea that Ty and I had gone anywhere, so they wanted all the details.

Ty didn't want any distractions unless it was regarding the kids. We'd made a pact that the weekend was for us to relax and unwind. He said that if I wanted to stay in the room the whole time, it was fine with him.

We put on a movie and got the water turned on in the tub. I climbed in and was immediately pulled into his arms. I ran my hands over his face, feeling his stubble that hadn't been shaved in a couple of days. He thought I hated it, but it was the exact opposite. Ty looked so sexy with a short beard, and I loved the way the hair tickled me when he kissed my skin.

The warm water felt great and the jets were powerful enough to relax all of our muscles. Ty kissed me passionately, rubbing his wet lips over mine. I grabbed his with my teeth and pulled them, teasing him. He kissed me harder, showing me that two could play the same game.

It was unusual for us to be alone without interruptions. Instead of being two married people, living in the monotony of raising kids and running businesses, we were able to have a couple days to be young again. To me it was a temporary reprieve.

We continued kissing while his hands massaged both of my ass cheeks. He played with my hole, teasing the entrance with his finger. I lifted my body and slid over his thighs. His groans let me know that he liked it, so I did it again, this time letting all of my weight create extra friction.

His finger shoved into my ass**le and I could feel it moving in and out. I used to not like anything near that part of my body, but after so much time together we'd experimented and found that so much pleasure could come from it. The deeper his finger explored, the more earth-shattering the tingling became. The water splashed around as my arousal caused me to move in a vigorous pace.

I couldn't stop myself from grabbing his hard c**k and placing it at the base of my sex. The friction of the water made his entering me feel tight. He pushed his way inside, still playing with my ass while I straddled him. The more his finger played, the faster I rode him. Waves were forming and splashing onto the tile floor. My br**sts bounced around above the water as I felt myself letting go again and again.

He leaned his head in and licked at my ni**les as they continued to twirl around with the movements my body. I ran my hands into his hair, wetting it and holding on so I could kiss his sweet lips for however long I wanted to. Ty's tongue found mine and our kiss lasted as they mingled and played together.

Even though we were in the water, the sweat was running down my neck and over my chest. Ty pulled his finger out of my ass and began to flip me around, so that my back was against his chest. We were still connected and he reached up with soaked hands and pinched both of my ni**les as I began riding him backwards. His lips were on my neck, kissing and biting me all over my shoulder. I threw my head back, grabbing him by the hair and forcing another kiss. I teased his lips with my teeth and then my tongue some more. His eyes were still filled with desire for me, fueled by lust and emotion.

I'd ride him until he was on the brink and then slow my pace, making it last longer. We didn't have to hurry, because kids were coming into the room, or the possibility of being caught. We had all the time we wanted to make it amazing.

I think Ty knew what I was doing. He abruptly stopped what he was doing and held my body still. After kissing my neck one more time, he lifted me off of him, forcing me to stand where the cold air hit my skin. Then he pushed me over the side of the tub, so my ass was facing him while my upper body leaned against the cold porcelain.

Ty ran his hands over my wet ass, pushing it and flopping my cheeks around like he was playing. He spread me open and groaned as a finger trailed down the inside of my crack. I could feel him pouring something over it and realized it was soap. He lathered it up, all the while making sounds like it was getting him off.

My pu**y was throbbing for his attention after being filled just moments prior. "Ty, please."

"Let me put it in your ass, baby. Please? I want to so bad."

I hated anal, like hated it with a painful ripping passion. When we tried it, I swore that I was going to blackout and see stars. Ty never really asked for it, seemingly set on the fact that it wasn't going to happen. Yet I was so turned on, so utterly desperate to be filled, that I figured it was worth another attempt.

"One try. Just one," I warned.

He placed his erection there and applied pressure. His hands grabbed my body and pulled me into the water while he entered me, an inch a time. I had to appreciate that he was going slow, because he never liked to take his time.

I was handling it, trying not to be tense, so I could let it happen. I felt full and uncomfortable, but the warm water made it a little easier to handle. For a second, I almost thought that I could handle it.

Then I got this sensation and I knew exactly what it was. I pulled away from Ty, almost dragging him by his dick as I jumped out of the tub and went running for the toilet.

"What the hell, baby?"

"Shut up! I felt like I was going to shit myself." I wasn't kidding either. The force of Ty's cock, combined with the warm water, was like I had given myself an enema. Ty put his hands over his face and shook his head.

When he looked up at me, we both burst into laughter. "Well, that's the last damn time I try that in a tub."

I was still on the toilet, suffering. "Just so you know, I wasn't backed up in the first place." Every time I'd laugh I'd pass gas, which made it even more comical.

He leaned against the tub and watched me. "I guess this means you aren't getting back in?"

I shrugged. "Maybe after I'm done shitting myself, I'll need to. Although I've suddenly lost the urge to have sex. I can't believe this is happenin' to me. If you tell anyone, I swear I will cut it off when you sleep."

He laughed some more. "Come on. This is the funniest thing that's happened in a long time. I think it would be a great conversation at Thanksgiving, with the whole family around the dinner table."

There I was, sitting on the toilet, having a bout of the runs, all the while dripping and naked. The story could go on and on, and I knew he was going to tell everyone about it. "You totally suck."

He stuck out his lip. "I'm sorry, baby. You gotta admit it though. This is f**king hilarious."

"My ass is on fire. I'm so glad I could be over here entertainin' you."

My poor husband looked so sad. He sank down under the water, giving up on doing anything more, at least for a while.

Once he was done sulking, and knowingly realized that I couldn't possibly perform without the sudden urge to poop, he grabbed two towels and brought one over for me. I covered up in it, feeling warm after having goose bumps all over me.

When I got finished using the toilet, all I wanted to do was get back in the tub and soak my sore ass**le. It seemed ridiculous, but things like this happened to me all the time. Every time we were alone, some crazy tragedy would occur. Usually it was something kid related. This time, it was all on us.

My ass was literally burning. It was like one of those cartoons, where the creature sets its ass on fire and went running to a bucket of water for relief. I walked right over to the tub and sat down, feeling an instant soothing that took away the burn.

Ty put the toilet seat down and sat on it. "I guess a second attempt is out of the question?"

I motioned towards his dick. "That is not gettin' anywhere near my ass again. I love you. I'll do just about anything with you, and we have, but this is off limits. It ends badly every single time. Can you just pretend that my vagina is an ass and call it a day?"

"I already do that."

"What?" It was news to me. "Are you bein' serious right now?"

He chuckled. "No. Of course not. I was just wanting to try it again. Baby, you are amazing. I don't care about f**king you in the ass. I'm sure it would feel nice, because it's you, but since I just made you have to shit, it's kind of lost its glamour."

We both laughed again, thinking about how an awesome night had turned into a comedy show. "It never fails, does it? We always seem to end up in these kind of predicaments."

Ty walked over to the edge of the tub and kissed me on the forehead. "I happen to like our life and getting into these predicaments with you. Trust me when I say this, but you're the only person that I want to hang out with when they're shitting."

I grabbed both sides of his face. "You are the worst sweet talker on the planet, but I love you to death anyway."

We kissed softly on the lips. "You totally looked hot sitting all naked over there, bearing down."

He couldn't be serious for a minute. Knowing that I was going to be the hot topic with the family, I grabbed him by his arms and pulled him back into the tub with me. The water splashed out on the floor again as he tried to sit up and not get a mouth full of it. Ty pulled me back onto his lap and moved the hair away from my face. "Where were we?"

He smiled as I teased his lips with my tongue. He kissed me hard, sucking my lip as he pulled away. The tingling between my legs was already coming back, and our intermission was seemingly getting easier to forget about. All I wanted was to get back to what we were doing. I wanted to savor every moment alone that I had with my husband, knowing that chaos awaited us the moment we went home.

This was our time, to soak up each other enough to hold us over, until the cloud of despair above our home subsided. I wanted to be consumed by my husband, like I didn't have a care in the world. All that mattered in this very moment was us.

Chapter 27

Tyler

I would have been a complete jerk if I held my wife captive in a hotel room for the whole weekend. Besides, we had to eat, and since it wasn't summer, the hotels only kept minimum staff, meaning there was no room service.

It wasn't like we wanted to go out and paint the town. Our years of bar hopping were long over. When we wanted to drink, we hung out in the old barn with family and close friends, playing cards or just shooting the shit. None of us were interested in bar drama and putting ourselves in situations that could cause trouble for our marriages. We were settled and content, the way people our age that were married with children should be.

All we wanted to do was go grab a nice bite to eat; some kind of fried seafood platter that reminded us that we were in fact at the beach, enjoying some RandR.

Nothing was open.

The beach was like a ghost town, and because it was so late at night, the only options we had was a local twenty-four hour franchise. Since we were both famished, it had to be the place, unless we wanted some gas station snacks to hold us over until morning. I knew Miranda would cringe at the idea of eating an overcooked hotdog, since she hated them with a passion, calling them smashed bologna every chance she got.

Conner, who ate everything, is the one who convinced her of it. He'd watched some damn show on television that researched how a hotdog was made. Obviously, it's one of those foods where they throw in a bunch of the leftovers and press it into a shape. My motto was always 'if it tasted good, you eat it', but Conner wasn't like me. He was thoroughly grossed out, going so far as to make sure his kids didn't have it any more.

Then he told his sister. After a late night game of beer and cards, she'd made the decision that they were awful. She even did research and found that some brands were known to cause headaches. I often wondered how many of her clients were burdened with the story of how gross they were.

At any rate, gas station hot dogs were definitely off limits.

When we went inside the restaurant, there were only a few tables that had patrons. We sat ourselves in a corner booth, and I rearranged the tableware so that I could pretend we were at a fancy restaurant. Miranda giggled as I folded up my napkin and stuck it in the sugar just right to look like a candle. "Don't laugh. I'll light that shit and make it realistic."

She laughed some more. "That's okay. I think this will do. I'm so hungry that I don't even care about ambiance."

"So you'd be cool with eating on the floor?"

She kicked me under the table. "Shut up and decide what you want. You're so disgustin' sometimes."

I laughed at myself before I even made my next comment. "I can't stop thinking about poking you in the ass with my meat."

Miranda's face turned a shade of crimson, and I quickly realized that a very shocked waitress was standing behind me waiting to take our order. Obviously, since things like that only entertained me, I ordered as if she'd not heard a single thing I'd said to my wife.

Once she left, I prepared my shins for another wave of kicks, but she began to laugh at me instead of inflicting her wrath of bodily harm. "You are so embarassin'."

I threw my arms in the air. "How was I to know she was behind me? Besides, I really can't stop thinking about it."

She giggled and then curled up her face. "Ty, give me one hour of maturity. Just one hour to act like a gentlemen while we eat. As soon as we leave you can say whatever you want."

I looked around the restaurant and spotted a couple walking in. At first I thought it was a man and his granddaughter, but they sat in a booth side by side and had begun making out, like teenagers.

Miranda spotted it, too, and gave me a look. "Mature, Ty. Please don't do what I think you're goin' to do."

I folded my hands on the table and remained quiet, even though I wanted so badly to yell something across the room.

When we went out, we usually had our kids, which meant we'd end up eating whatever they got. It had been so long since we were able to order something, enjoy it, and finish it while it was still hot.

I savored every bite of my western omelet, while Miranda feasted on meatloaf that looked like it may have come from a can. Literally, it was shaped like a cylinder.

She doused it in ketchup, albeit I refused the bite she offered me. I'd do anything on a dare, but that didn't look like meat, and it scared me. At least we already knew that the plumbing worked efficiently at the hotel.

We finished our meals around midnight and we headed to the front to pay. As we passed the odd couple, I gave the old man a thumbs up. The old bugger held up his fist and pounded mine. My wife, who'd made me promise to behave, couldn't hold in her laughter. She was hunched over out of breath as the cashier rang us up.

Once we'd paid and finally calmed down enough to walk, we headed back to the hotel. Miranda started walking inside, but I grabbed her hand and pulled her in the direction of the beach. "Let's go for a walk. Nobody's here, so we have the beach to ourselves."

"Are you tryin' to get me naked already?"

I grabbed a good chunk of her ass while we walked. "If you want to get naked, I won't stop you. I've gotta warn ya, though. That water is cold as shit. There's no way I'm getting in there, on account of my dick shriveling up to nothing. It might not want to come back out ever again and then you'd be shit out of luck."

"I'm not gettin' in that water in the dark. You're crazy. Sharks come into feed at night. Goin' in there is like askin' them to bite your ass. No thank you!"

I laughed. "Chicken?"

"When you do it first, I'll consider it."

She wasn't challenging me. She was purely proving to me that it wasn't ever going to happen. "Fine, let's just be romantic people for a bit."

I was being sarcastic, but as the sand hit our feet and we got further down the beach, I realized it really was romantic.

The moonlight lit the path for us, and once we were passed the sand dunes, it sparkled over the waves as they came crashing in. There was nothing like the sounds and the smell of being at the beach. An added bonus was that it was deserted. Most of the condos weren't even lit up.

We walked for a good five blocks before plopping down in the sand. It was chilly, and I cuddled up against my wife, pressing her into the soft granules beneath us. Her hair blew in the wind, and she was so stunning from the light of the moon shining down on us.

A few clouds lingered above, but added a dramatic feel to the chill of the night. The warmth of our bodies kept us comfortable as we stared up at the sky. "This is nice."

I had to agree. It was relaxation at its best. "It's fantastic. We should do this every year."

"Definitely without the kids." Our hands intertwined together as Miranda leaned into my kiss.

It felt like we were kids again. Sneaking around behind everyone's backs to be together. That had been such a long time ago, when I realized that I'd fallen for her. Nothing would have stopped me from making her mine. She still made me feel like I was the luckiest man in the world, and we'd built something that some people only dream of having. "I wonder if they're havin' a good time. It would suck if Bella is givin' them a fit."

I brought her hand up to my lips and placed small kisses over it as I spoke. "I'm sure she's being an angel for them. It's only us she's pissed at."

"True." It hurt knowing that was the case, but it wasn't something that was new to hear. This had been going on for too long to play stupid about it. "I hate that we did all this to protect her, to spare her from experiencing the pain of knowing who Tucker was, and it was all for nothing. It didn't make a damn bit of difference. Instead everything's a cluster-fuck."

Miranda leaned up on her elbows and gave me a cross look. "You're wrong. It wasn't for nothin'." She ran the back of her hand over my cheek. I closed my eyes and accepted her comfort. "It may not be today, or even tomorrow, but one day she's goin' to see what you did for her, what we did for her. She's goin' to realize that no test can prove what a real father is. Only the heart is capable of that. You may not have created her, but you helped me make her the wonderful little girl we both know she is. Don't you dare take that away from yourself. I lost my father when I was her age, and there ain't a day that goes by that I don't wish I had more time with him. He was the most gentle, most caring man I ever knew until I met you." She paused for a moment, and I could hear it in her voice that she'd begun to cry. "I just wish she would see how lucky she is, to have a man that stepped up and made a choice like you did."

I wrapped my arms around my wife's back and held her tightly against my chest. "Thank you. It means so much that I have you in my corner. When the whole world doubted me, you've always been my rock. We'll get through this, because of that. We're going to come out stronger than we've ever been before, because there won't be a lie hanging over our heads. Whether what we did was right or wrong, we did it for the right reasons."

"I know."

We sat there holding each other as the cool ocean breeze blew around us. The air felt brisk but refreshing. The water glistened as we both stared out at it, enjoying the comfort of each other's embrace. Miranda fit perfectly in my arms, and having her there was better than any therapist could help me.

Our conversation had gotten deeper than either of us had anticipated, but my mood was still pleasant. I had hope again and reassurance that one day everything would be alright. Still, I longed for one thing I didn't know if I'd ever get again.

Izzy to call me her father.

If God could give me one last thing before I left the earth, I'd want that. Everything else in my life was pretty damn perfect. Having the love from my daughter would make it even better.

Chapter 28

Miranda

We'd only been at the beach for one night, and already it was obvious that Ty was feeling better. Aside from our one little talk at the beach, he kept up with his usual bantering up until I heard him snoring in bed.

I woke up as the sun rose and looked over at my sleeping husband. It had been so long since he'd been able to rest without being disturbed, so I decided to leave him there.

It was obvious that the weather outside was going to be chilly, so I grabbed my coat, my phone and a blanket off the small couch and went out on the balcony. The brisk air hit me at once, but it didn't stop me from sitting down and watching the beautiful sun rising up over the glistening water. Seagulls flew over as the waves intricately crashed one after another.

Since it was off season, there weren't crowds of people setting up their spots on the beach, or men with metal detectors searching for lost jewelry. In fact, in this particular location, I hadn't even seen one person walking a dog, or taking a morning jog. It was tranquil.

I started playing on my phone, reading emails and creeping on my family's pages. It was nice to be able to do it without having kids disturbing me. Van had posted a million pictures that I'd never had a chance to look at. While scrolling through, I found several of Bella and Ty. They looked so happy together, like nothing could ever tear them apart. If she took a picture now, that would all be different. I hated it.

Ty wasn't the only person who was hurting from this. It was killing me and making me feel like if it continued, it would destroy the foundation that kept us together. I couldn't let that happen, no matter how hard it got. That man lying inside had given me the most beautiful life, children, and future. I owed him so much.

I shot my mother a message, asking her how the kids were doing. I was sure the boys already had her up. She replied back that everything was fine and they were all behaving. Either she was lying or they knew they'd be in for it when they got home and we learned that they'd been bad. At any rate, I was thankful that they were having fun and in good hands.

Van and Amy had sent me several messages about mine and Ty's sudden getaway. After seeing the pictures, they both wanted to know if we were alright and if I was still able to move my legs. It was funny how everyone thought we were freaks. I knew for a fact that Van and Colt still had an amazing sex life. As for Amy and my brother, well, let's just say that I didn't want to know. Obviously they were busy having kids for a while there. Since they seemed as happy as ever, I could only assume they had no complaints in that department.

Since we'd had one heck of a night, I decided to divulge enough information to keep them guessing. I let them know that we were so exhausted from banging all night long. They'd believe it, because they expected it.

Little did they know that after a failed attempt at anal, I was left on the toilet with a throbbing ass cavity.

Just thinking about it made me laugh. I was so carried away with myself that I didn't hear Ty coming out on the balcony. He wrapped his arms around me and I jumped. "Oh my God, you scared me to death."

"Sorry. I woke up and you weren't there. Why don't you come back to bed?"

"I was just checkin' in on the kids. Mom says they're good. Van and Amy think we had some kind of swingers party last night." I was just kidding with him, but of course he took it literally.

"You should have told them we did. Colt would have given me a religious rant about being faithful. He would have offered to pay for us to go to counseling."

We both laughed. "They think we're freaks. I mean, sure we've experimented with toys, but do they really think we'd share our bodies with other couples? Would you ever consider somethin' like that?" Suddenly I wanted to know if my husband had hidden desires. Maybe he'd told them and they'd talked to their wives about it.

Ty laughed. "Baby, do you honestly think, that after everything we've been through, I'd want to go out and be with someone else? You're the only woman I need. Plus, when you get frisky, ain't nobody going to outdo your skills."

I kissed him on the side of his cheek, where his stubble was growing in. "Good answer."

He sat down in the chair across from me and slid it closer. "So, what do you want to do today?" He looked out at the water and smiled. "I'm cool if you want to get back in bed and stay there for the next twenty-four hours."

I patted him on the leg. "As nice as that sounds, I think we should at least go get some food so that we don't starve."

"Humans can last days without food. I can run down the hall and grab a couple bottles of water. We'll be fine."

"Ty, be serious. Sex makes me hungry. If you want the frisky side of me to come out, you better fill my belly first."

He stood up and the sheet fell to the ground. Ty, wearing nothing but what he was born in, stood there looking at me. A smile formed out of the corner of his lip. He lifted his arms, like it was in slow motion and began yelling at the top of his lungs. "I'm the king of the world!"

I covered my head up with his sheet and went running back into the hotel room, locking him out there. He turned and tried to get inside, his manhood shrinking by the second.

I was laughing so hard that I fell down to the floor. Glass separated us, and he put both of his hands over his incredible shrinking penis. I couldn't help but hold up my phone and take a picture. It was freezing and I knew he was suffering. So naturally, I sent the photo to Conner before opening the door and allowing him to come in.

"You suck!" He ran into the bedroom and got under the covers. "My dick will never recover."

I couldn't respond, because I was in such hysterics that tears were falling down my cheeks.

"Keep laughing. I may have hypothermia of the genitals because of you."

The more he spoke, the more comical it became. I couldn't contain my amusement with the situation. "I'm sorry. It's...just so funny."

He put his head under the covers and wouldn't look at me, so I ran over and jumped on him. He wrapped his arms around me, tangling me in the blanket and flipped me over. "Now you're going to get it."

I screamed and flailed around until he stopped tickling me. Finally he calmed down and moved the hair away from my face. "You're going to owe me, big time."

Like always, I could get lost in Ty's eyes. They were brown with little specks of different shades in them. The boys had the same colored eyes with long lashes. I brushed my hand over his face and he closed them. "You'd be a beautiful woman, you know that?"

He shook himself out of my hold. "As if the cold air didn't do my dick in, now you want me to be a pretty lady? Okay, I quit!"

I laughed and sat up, watching him pacing around, taking such offense to something that was meant to be a compliment. "All I said was that you'd be beautiful. It's your features."

He leaned on the foot of the bed. "Next you're going to say you're in love with me, aren't you?"

I nodded and bit down on my lip, deciding to play his game. "Mmm, I do. So much."

He stood up straight with his arms extended and looked down between his legs, except there was no penis, because he'd tucked it in. "So you'd love me with a vagina?"

I covered my mouth with my hand and giggled. "Oh yeah, definitely."

"I've gotta be honest with you, baby. If I was a woman, I'd totally dyke out with you."

He jumped on the bed, and my phone began to ring. I climbed out of the bed, pulling half of the covers off as I went. The call was from my mother, and right away I felt worried.

"Hello?"

"It's John, Miranda. Listen, your mom is havin' a bit of a fit this mornin' with Bella. I was hopin' you could have a talk with her."

"Sure, John. Put her on the phone."

The call was silent and I could tell when he was getting closer to my mom and Bella. She was screaming, with no respect for her elders. I became so annoyed with her, so disappointed that she'd act that way toward my mother, of all people.

"Hello."

"Bella, what's goin' on?"

"Nothin'!"

"It's not nothin' when I can hear you yellin' through the phone, young lady. What is wrong with you? Why would you speak to an adult in that tone?"

"She wanted to talk about Tyler and I don't want to."

Since Ty was standing over my shoulder, I didn't want to have to mention that she'd called him by his name and not her father. "Isabella, when you get home, you're gettin' it good. I don't know what else to do with you. Since you can't seem to settle yourself down, I guess we'll have to come get you."

"No! Please don't come. I don't want to come home. I want to live with Grandma, and that's why she's mad. She said I can't."

"You belong at home with me and your dad."

The line got silent. "Bella, say somethin'?"

My mother got on the line. "Randa, it's me. I'm sorry we had to call. She's really acting out this morning. I've tried to sit and talk with her, but she's adamant about fighting me. I don't understand this change in her. Why would she want to come live with me and John?"

I rubbed the top of my nose, feeling a giant headache coming on. "I've got her seein' a therapist, and she's been punished since it all happened. I don't know what else to do with her."

"I told her she couldn't live with us."

"I'm so sorry, Mom. I figured she'd be fine with you."

"She was fine until I brought up her father. The fact that she's calling him Tyler is really disturbing me. This can't go on much longer. If Tyler heard that, he would have been so upset."

"I know, Mom. Do you want us to come get her?"

"No. That's not necessary. We're going to take them to see some caverns today. John's sitting with her now and she seems calm. Maybe she just needed to hear that we really would call you."

"If it happens again, please call me."

"I will, honey. Tell Ty hello."

I hung up the phone and looked at my husband. "So much for her being subtle."

"She's disrespecting your mom now?"

"Apparently." I lifted my hands in the air, as if to give up hope of things changing.

"Do we need to leave?"

I shook my head and sat down beside him. "No. Mom says that they have it under control. She said she thinks that her calling us did the trick."

Ty rubbed his face and kept his hands there. "I can't believe it's gotten so bad. She's obviously acting out. I just hope it doesn't persist. I mean, how much worse can it get?"

"Don't say that. We don't want to jinx ourselves."

Ty stood up and cleared his throat. "Let's go get something to eat. If your mom says she's fine, there's nothing we can do from here. When we get home, we need to get in touch with that doctor again. There's got to be something we can do to fix this. If I need to stay at my mom and dad's for a few nights to make her feel better, I'll do it. I'll do anything to make her happy again."

"Leaving isn't the answer, Ty."

Although, after hearing my daughter, I was starting to wonder if that's what she wanted this whole time. Was she acting this way to get me to choose between the two of them? I honestly didn't know anymore, and I was worried more than ever before.

Chapter 29

Tyler

Miranda didn't know I could hear Izzy calling me Tyler. As much as it broke my heart, I didn't want her worrying about me when she already had so much on her mind.

She got ready to go to breakfast in silence, and I gave her some space to clear her head. Unfortunately, it only made things harder for me. There had to be a way to reach out to our daughter. I knew that deep down inside she still loved me. It was clouded by her feeling so betrayed, but it still had to be there.

We headed off to breakfast, neither one of us wanting to address the elephant in the room. Maybe it should have hurt me that she wasn't telling me what our daughter had said about me, but I understood her predicament. She didn't want me to have to suffer any more than I already was.

Knowing that she'd been able to sense my change in attitude, I knew I had to act like nothing was wrong. We were able to find a place that served the best breakfast, who was also open year round. Instead of waiting in a long line, like we had to do when we went to the beach, we were able to seat ourselves. A few other couples were enjoying their meals, but it was quiet and relaxing.

It could have just been me, but the longer Miranda went without telling me, the more upset I got. "Baby, I heard what she said on the phone. I know you didn't want to tell me."

She looked up at me, seemingly astonished that I'd heard and waited so long to admit it. "I'm so sorry. She doesn't mean it, Ty. She's just actin' out, and when I see her she's goin' to get it."

I placed both of my hands on the table and looked down at them. "Let's just stop. If she's doing all this to get to me, it's working. I think we need to act like it isn't. She's lashing out because I hurt her, we know that. So I say we take a chance and act like it doesn't bother us. Maybe, just maybe, she'll stop acting the way she has been. It's about attention. If we take that away, she's got nothing."

Miranda raised her eyebrow and I could tell she was wondering where I'd come up with such an idea. "If you think it's worth a shot?"

"What else do we have to lose? She can't hate us anymore, can she?" When I said it I realized that it was causing me to lose my appetite. We were both losing hope, and as far away as we'd tried to distance ourselves, the problem wasn't going to go away.

"Alright. When we get back we'll pretend that we don't care anymore. No more exercises, no more pleadin'. We'll just act like she isn't there and see what happens."

"It won't be easy, baby, but I think it's worth a try." I looked up at the waitress who was approaching our table. "Let's try to enjoy the rest of our weekend. We don't get to do this that often, and aside from Izzy, we're having a good time."

Miranda reached across the table and ignored the waitress for a second. "We are, Ty."

I didn't know how hard she was trying, but neither of us discussed Izzy for the rest of the morning. We decided to go shopping at some outlet stores, since it was drizzling a little bit and not the kind of weather to sit on the beach and relax.

There was only one problem with our shopping plan.

Me.

I hated to shop. It was so redundant and boring that I had to do things to pass the time. Usually it was things that would embarrass my wife, so much so that she'd promise to never bring me again. In lieu of her forgetting, I decided to make it a shopping day that she'd never forget.

The first store we went in was a kitchen store. Miranda was looking for some kind of pasta machine for her mother. While she searched, I began browsing the isles. Of course, a clerk came up to me instead of her. "Can I help you find something?"

I spotted my wife one isle over, giving me that look like I better not do what she thought I was going to. I smiled back and turned my attention to the clerk. "Yes, my wife and I are looking for a special kind of apron. It's plastic."

She guided me over to where the aprons were and started pointing to some. "We have these. Did you need it to be water proof?"

I could hardly contain myself. After bringing my hand up to my chin and pretending to ponder on her question, I straightened my face and looked right at her. "Actually, not just water proof. We're into bondage and it can get real messy. I need it to be urine and feces proof as well."

Her mouth dropped, and it took everything I had in me to keep a straight face. I felt a tugging on my arm and turned to see that I was being pulled out of the store. Once the doors shut, I got smacked in the chest and the evil eye. "Seriously?"

"Baby, did you see her face?" I couldn't contain myself.

"Yes. She was repulsed. Why must you do this every single time I take you anywhere?" She started walking in front of me, and I hurried to catch up.

"Come on. It was funny."

Miranda turned and looked right at me. She was annoyed, as usual. "Can we please shop like two grown adults?"

I put up my hands. "Fine! You're no fun."

She shook her head and started walking toward the next shop. Deciding not to push my luck, I did behave in the next few stores. We stopped and grabbed a bite to eat and had two more stores to go in. I was exhausted and tired of carrying the slew of bags around. All I wanted to do was stop at a drive thru and take my wife back to the hotel. We had a perfectly good room waiting to be used, and we were out in the rain, shopping.

Finally we came to the last store of the day. It was a clothing store, and I just couldn't contain myself any longer. First, Miranda was shopping for some special bra. I located a clerk, grabbed the skimpiest little outfit they sold, and held it up to my chest. "Excuse me, is there somewhere I can try this on?"

The woman, who looked to be in her sixties, appeared to be appalled. She tightened her lips and guided me to the fitting room without saying a single word to me. I made sure to thank her for helping me, which made her even more angry.

I came back out a couple minutes later and caught the eyes of my wife. She looked in my hand and then back at me as I approached the same woman that had helped me. I handed her the undergarment with a straight face. "It just wasn't what I was looking for. Do you have anything with the ni**les cut out? That's what my lover likes, and I find it so hard to find them in my size."

Miranda came over to where I was standing and grabbed me by the back of the pants. I waved to the lady while being pulled out of the store backwards. She had bags in both of her arms, but refused to ask me for help. I was laughing so loudly that people were beginning to watch us. She got me to the car before I was shoved against it. Her finger was up in my face, and I couldn't stop laughing at her.

"I asked you nicely, you know."

"Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. You expected me to stand in that shitty underwear store twiddling my thumbs. I was giving that woman something to go home and tell her church group about."

Miranda shook her head and threw her bags in the backseat. She climbed into the passenger seat and crossed her arms.

I got in and sat there for a second before turning to face her. "Come on, baby. Didn't you see her face? She was starting to have a stroke."

Miranda started to laugh, but stopped herself. "Don't say that."

"Fine, she was about to shit in her Depends. You know she was."

I didn't have to wait long for a reply.

At the same time as me, we both burst into laughing fits. It felt like we were young again, even before we were a couple.

"You're still embarassin', Ty. Now I'll have to pay full price back home for the same item."

I pointed toward the store. "I can go back in."

"Forget it. Let's just head back to the quiet room and get back in that tub." She leaned over and kissed me slowly, as if she was telling me that somehow she'd gotten turned on by my antics.

I leaned over enough to kiss her. "So you're not mad?"

She shook her head and kissed me again. "No, I'm not mad. I probably should be, but I certainly know who I'm married to. Besides, it ain't like I have to see that woman again." She laughed and looked down for a minute. "Plus, I may have sent Van and Amy a picture of you naked on the balcony this mornin'."

I pulled away and just shook my head. I should have known she'd send it. When I saw her taking it, I promised that I'd sneak her phone away and delete the photo before she could. She'd always promised that photos had been deleted when they weren't. I knew how she liked to save them for ammunition. "I'm sure they liked it."

"I highly doubt it. Most likely Conner will frame it and hang it in the barn."

I rolled my eyes, imagining him getting off on one upping me.

By the time we rolled into the hotel lobby it was getting dark. We'd stopped by a drive-thru and loaded up to take it back to the room and eat. Our coats were wet from the rain, so we removed them before doing anything else. Once we entered in the elevator and the doors closed, I looked over at my wife, who was already looking at me. I did something without regard in that split second.

I hit the emergency stop button, and the elevator came to a halt. Miranda's eyes got huge as she looked around and realized what had happened. "Oh my God! What did you do that for?"

"What? On television it stops and you can start it right back up." I pushed on our floor, but nothing happened. After a few more seconds, the red phone for emergencies started to ring.

"Hello?" Miranda had her arms crossed, and she wasn't thrilled about our predicament.

"Sir, we've alerted the elevator company of the issue. Are you the only passenger?"

"No, it's me and my wife. Can't you just reset it?"

"Unfortunately, an elevator mechanic needs to come and reset it. Are there any medical conditions that we need to know about? Are you and your wife okay?"

"We're fine."

"It might take an hour for them to come. I'm very sorry for this, sir. I'm going to call the manager and see if we can credit your room for one night because of the inconvenience."

"That would be great. Thanks, dude."

I hung up the phone with a smile on my face, sat down, and started pulling out the food that we'd bought. "You need to sit down, baby. It's going to be a while before they come."

"Are you f**king kidding me? How can you be so calm about it?"

I took a bite of fries and smiled as she sat down across from me. "Because we're getting our room for free tonight due to the elevator malfunctioning."

"Shut up. Are you serious?"

"Dead serious."

She grabbed her food out of the bag and started laughing. "Only you would get so damn lucky."

I cocked my brow and smiled. "Speaking of lucky, how about you take off your clothes and give me some elevator sex?"

"How about you take off your clothes and beg?"

"Will it get me laid?"

She scrunched up her face and shook her head. "Probably not."

I can't say I didn't try.

Chapter 30

Miranda

It took an hour and forty minutes for the man to come and reset the elevator. I almost peed my pants because I had to go so badly. Ty insisted on talking the entire time, and I was ready to drop kick him to knock his ass out for some peace and quiet. Even our phones didn't have service, so we couldn't call or talk to anyone.

My eagerness to get into the room was obvious, and I was pretty sure my husband knew to give me some alone time. He retreated to the balcony without saying anything to me.

When I came out of the bathroom and found that he was still out there, I decided it would be a good time to take a nice hot bath. I went back into the bathroom and started the water. Once I undressed, I got in even before it had filled up.

It was nice, feeling the hot water soothing every inch of my body. Within seconds, I was closing my eyes and enjoying the peace and quiet.

I heard the slider opening and closing, but he didn't come into the bathroom for another few minutes. When he did, he was completely naked. He walked up to the tub and just stood there. "Can I join you?"

I moved my legs to the side. "Do you promise to behave?"

"Maybe."

I could tell from his grin that making that kind of promise was hard for him. Ty wanted to be himself around me, and acting like a moron was as real as he got. "You know bickerin' is a sign of affection?"

"Duh," he said as he climbed into the large tub.

"What were you doin' out on the balcony for so long? It's too cold."

He grabbed my foot and started massaging it. I closed my eyes and felt like I'd just died and gone to heaven. "I was playing that stupid game. I've been stuck on level three hundred for two weeks. I'm ready to throw my damn phone in the ocean."

"Would it make me seem old if I just wanted to lay here until we get pruned up? This feels amazin', and I really don't want to move."

It wasn't just the foot massage. I was one-hundred percent relaxed, which was something that never happened at home. I wouldn't want to change my life for anything, but a break like this was definitely something that I'd consider doing again.

Ty dropped my foot and grabbed the other, working his hands into my sore toes. "I always said you'd turn out to be a cougar."

I kicked my foot away from him. "Shut up! Cougars are single. I'm not!"

He chuckled, getting a kick out of making me freak out. "Okay, but if you were single, you'd totally be a cougar."

"You're hopeless. The next time I come here, I'm coming alone."

Ty grabbed my legs and pulled my body on top of his. He wrapped his arms around me and stuck his face down against my collarbone. I felt his lips kissing me, and as much as I wanted to ignore him, I couldn't help but enjoy the way he made me feel.

When our lips met, I could immediately feel something growing underneath me. I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed him harder, knowing where this was headed. I was ready and willing to forget about all the times he'd driven me crazy in the past twenty-four hours.

His touch felt amazing under the water, and I found myself starting to explore his wet skin. I massaged the base of his shoulders while our tongues played together during our full-blown make-out session.

Things were heating up again, and the pressure growing under my ass indicated that Ty was ready and willing to take things to the next level. Far be it from me to deny him something that we obviously both wanted. I closed my eyes again and reached down, grabbing a handful of his stiff shaft. I couldn't help but begin to stroke it, getting off on hearing Ty moan. Instead of letting him take control, I positioned him at my entrance and shimmied around before allowing it inside of me. It went in hard, with the water fighting against it. The pressure was intense, so I lifted up until it was almost out and sat back down on top of it again.

We both made sounds as our bodies reacted to the physical pleasure we were giving each other. Ty reached around and grabbed my ass, squeezing it and using it to set a good pace. Just when it was starting to feel like the room was spinning out of control, he pushed me off of him, shoving me to the other side of the tub, and lifting my legs up against my chest. He slammed his body into mine, splashing the water out onto the floor. This time when he entered me it was rough, and I felt like it was ripping me inside out. He rammed into me harder with each thrust, holding my legs up above my head the whole time. The water kept going into my mouth as the waves came to my side of the tub. I reached for his shoulders and then his neck, tightly putting my hands around it, like he got off on.

It made it go faster, and the look on his face was nothing but pure lustful intent. He wanted to get off and it sent me into a sexual frenzy. The rougher it was, the more it turned me on. Ty bit down on one of my legs as he pushed them more into my chest. It felt like he was hitting bottom, filling me up as far as it would go.

I dug one hand into his hair and pulled him in to kiss me, to tease his tongue with mine. I licked his lips, each time pulling away before he could get to me. When our mouths finally met, I couldn't hold in the pleasure any longer.

My body bucked, and he matched my movements. Our bodies slammed together, and then finally, all at once, they came to a halt.

Our lips met one last time, slowly savoring what we'd just experienced together.

Then we were interrupted by the sudden ringing of one of our phones. At first we chose to ignore it, continuing to savor each other's embrace.

The phone kept ringing, over and over again.

Finally Ty got up and walked out of the room, coming back in still dripping with it in his hands. "Hello?" He hit the button and put it on speaker.

"It's Mom. I'm so sorry to call you so late, but we didn't know what else to do. Bella's missing."

"What do you mean?" I sat up in the tub and looked directly at Ty, who had the same worried look on his face.

"We went to dinner, and I put the boys in the bath when we got back to our room. Bella was outside with John, and they were talking about what we were going to do tomorrow. He said he walked inside to get their sodas, and when he came back out she was gone."

I jumped out of the tub and ran towards my purse, where my phone was. Ty was still trying to get details from my frantic mother while I desperately dialed Bella's number. We'd given her the phone in case she got separated from my mom. It was for emergencies only, and then we were taking it away again as soon as she got back. It rang three times before the voicemail picked up.

I was standing there, naked, shaking, hoping and praying that my child was okay, that she hadn't been abducted, or worse.

I was so frantic that Ty came in, still on the phone with my mom, grabbing me and trying to get me to sit down. Instead I paced around the room, knowing we were too damn far away to do anything.

I dialed Bella's number again and she picked up. Ty put the phone down and listened to me, talking to our daughter.

"Bella, it's mom. Where are you? Are you okay?"

She wouldn't answer.

"Bella, you answer me, right now."

"What, mom?"

"Where are you? Grandma is frantic."

"I don't want to talk to her about it anymore, Mom. Tell her to stop. I'm not going back there until she promises to stop."

"Stop what, baby? What is grandma doin'?" I was crying so badly that I could barely speak.

"Tell her to stop tryin' to talk to me about daddy. She doesn't understand. Nobody understands. It will never be the same. Nobody knows how I feel. You both lied to me. It's all lies."

"You're so wrong, sweetie. Where are you, Bella? You can't run off like this. A stranger could have grabbed you. I'll tell her not to talk about daddy, but please, go back to grandma. I need to know you're safe."

A few seconds later I could hear my mother on the other phone. "I see her. I see her coming around the corner. We've got her."

I was more relieved than angry, finally able to breathe knowing she was safe. "We're goin' to come and get them."

"That's not necessary. I'll take her inside and make her sleep with me. We'll be home tomorrow. I'm sorry I had to call you. She wouldn't answer when I tried her phone. I didn't know what to do."

"Mom, it's fine. She's not her usual self right now. It's not your fault."

"You two stay there and get some rest. We'll leave first thing in the morning and meet you at home."

Ty and I both hung up the phones and looked at each other. Enough was enough. We couldn't go through more of this. It was tearing us apart and this time we felt like something terrible had happened.

He wrapped his arms around me and wouldn't let go. I'd heard of children being defiant, especially at her age, but this was out of hand and ridiculous. It wasn't like we told her Ty wasn't her dad and he didn't love her. It was the exact opposite.

"What are we goin' to do?"

He kissed me on the top of my head. "Whatever it takes, baby. We'll do whatever it takes."

I was afraid of what that answer meant, but was still too shaken up to consider our options. For now, our daughter was safe and that was all that mattered. Everything else was going to have to wait until morning.

Chapter 31

Tyler

I couldn't take it anymore, and I sure as hell couldn't get any rest knowing that things had gotten to this point. The problem was that I didn't know what else to do. It had been weeks, and nothing had changed. Izzy hated me, and she wasn't giving me any inclination that it was ever going to change. I waited until Miranda went to sleep to make the call. I knew it would change everything and piss her off, but I was out of options to fix my family.

This was a last resort, my last possible hope for getting back what we once had.

It was late and I was fully aware that they'd be in bed, but I dialed anyway.

Colt picked up after two rings. His voice was groggy. "Yeah?"

"Hey, it's me. Look, I'm sorry to wake you up, but I need your help."

"What's wrong? Is everyone alright?"

I pinched the bridge of my nose and tried to fight the emotions running through me. "Colt, everyone is fine but me. I can't take this anymore, man. I'm losing her."

"Who? Randa?"

"No. I'm losing Iz. She hates me, dude. She hates me so much that she almost ran away from Karen and John tonight. The kid is damaged from all of this, and she's made it clear that she wants nothing to do with me."

"She'll come around. It takes time." I wasn't convinced that it was time she needed.

"It's getting worse instead of better."

"What do you want me and Savanna to do?" It felt good that he finally included her with things that had to do with me. It was about time.

"I think I have a resolution, but Miranda ain't going to like it. In fact, I know she's going to flip out. She may even leave me. At this point I don't know what else to do." I was starting to tear up, thinking of not only being without one of my girls, but both of them.

"It ain't goin' to come to that, Ty. This is just a bump in the road."

"For however long it lasts, I know I can't keep up with what we've been doing. That's the reason for my call. I have a plan, a sort of last resort plan."

"I think I know what it is. You want her to come here, don't you?"

It broke my heart hearing him say it out loud. "I need to know if she really hates me or not. I need to know if separating us will help. I don't know what else to do."

All of the sudden the voice on the phone changed, and I realized that Colt must have put our call on speaker. "We'll keep her. She can come stay with us. One week with Colt and she'll be begging to go home."

"No offense, but that's what I was thinking, too. Her biggest problem is how spoiled she is. I've turned her into a brat and now I'm paying for it. Listen, this is temporary. I'm not asking you to raise my child. I need her to stay there for one month. Come Thanksgiving, she's back with us, whether she wants to be or not. Plenty of kids hate their step-parents."

"You're not her step-parent, and don't you ever let me hear that again." I could hear that Van was mad. It comforted me to know that the family all considered me Izzy's real father.

"Right now I'm nothing to her. She can't hate me anymore than she already does. Plus, she's still pissed at Miranda."

Colt was back on the line. "We'll do this for you, under one condition. You drive her to us. Spend a good five hours in the car with her alone. Remind her over and over what she means to you. Tell her how much losing her hurts you. Don't hold back. She needs to know that the pain she's feelin' is exactly what you're feelin'."

"We'll have to make some calls to the school, to see if we can either get her work or transfer her temporarily. Plus I have to run this by my wife, and I'm not real sure how that's going to go."

"Call us when you know something, cuz. We're here."

"Thanks, Colt. It means more than you know. I'll talk to you soon."

We hung up and I stayed out on the balcony. It was freezing, but I was too upset to care. I felt like sending Izzy to Kentucky was like giving up on her. This whole plan could blow up in my face, and I'd be left in the same situation. Still, I knew that Iz felt safe with Colt and Van and that they'd keep her in line. She'd have Noah, which could turn out to be a big mistake, but I was willing to do anything to get back into my daughter's good graces. Nothing had felt the same for me since that moment when she found out the truth.

I only went back inside when I was calmed down enough. If Miranda saw me so upset she'd want answers, and I needed to prepare myself more to be able to tell her what I wanted to happen.

I found her sleeping as I entered. She looked so peaceful, and I almost didn't want to wake her to tell her something that I knew she'd be upset about.

She stirred when I sat down on the bed, and I knew it was now or never. "Baby, I need to talk to you. I made a decision, and maybe I should have talked to you first, but I'm out of options."

She looked confused as she rubbed her face and turned on her side to give me her full attention. "What's wrong?"

"I talked to Colt. He's agreed to let Izzy come stay with them for a month."

I could almost see her overreacting, even before it started to happen. "You what? How could you make that kind of decision without me? I'm her mother, Ty. Don't you think we should have discussed a decision like that? I can't believe you did this." She sat up more and pointed at me. "You need to call him back and tell him never mind. It ain't happenin'. She's not movin' to Kentucky."

I stood up and paced around the room, unable to let this option go. "Miranda, think about it. She's suffering, and so are we. It's not forever. I asked them to keep her for four weeks. I get that it's a long time, but what other choices do we have? We're losing her. I'm losing her. It's killing me and you know it. Please. I'm begging you here. Please let me try to save our family."

She got up on her knees and put her hands on her hips. "You think that movin' her out is goin' to help?"

"Right now she thinks that she's in control. She's purposely trying to hurt me, because I hurt her. I get it, and if I could take it back or make things better, I'd do whatever it took. We've tried being nice and even taking away her favorite things. Nothing has changed and you know it. Even Colt agreed that if we send her away she'll realize what she's giving up. I'm not doing it because I don't want her around. I'm doing it because I want my daughter back." I could feel myself starting to get emotional, and it was stupid to hide my feelings from someone that could read me the way she could. "Miranda, I don't have to tell you how much I love Iz. She's my sunshine. Without her in my life, I feel like I can't breathe. This silence between us is killing me. I can't take knowing she's in the next room resenting everything I've ever done for her. I hate all of this. Can you honestly tell me that we have any other options?"

She shrugged and looked down, and I looked away to wipe my eyes.

"Have you considered that this plan of yours won't work? Ty, I can see how hurt you are, and I'm hurt too. I want Bella back as much as you do. I just don't want to get my hopes up and have this not work. I don't want to count on it, because I know how much it hurts when it doesn't go the right way."

I climbed on the bed and put my hands on her knees. "Baby, I won't stop trying until things get back to the way they were before. I can't let myself."

Miranda pulled away and lay back down. She flipped over and hugged her pillow. Sobs followed, and I knew she needed time to think. I don't think she was angry at my plan. She was just hurt that I'd arranged it without her.

After a couple minutes, when I realized that she wasn't going to discuss it anymore, I climbed under the covers and decided to try to get some sleep.

I wish it would have been easy to close my eyes and pretend that everything was going to go as planned. After talking to my wife, I was more convinced that this plan of mine could go as badly as all the other things we'd tried before it.

If Izzy wanted to separate herself from me, I was going to give her the space she wanted. I was going to send her as far away as I could and hope and pray that it would bring her back to me. I had to try this, because if I had to spend one more day of her hating me and doing everything she could to hurt me, I was going to lose my mind.

For hours I lay awake, just staring at the ceiling. The more I thought about things, the more anxious I'd become. Now my wife was furious with me, so much so that she'd gone to bed and refused to talk it out, after we'd promised never to go to bed angry. We were supposed to be having a romantic getaway, and instead we were ending it like two people that didn't want to be near each other.

I was afraid of this, afraid of losing my wife because I let my own selfish emotions get in the way. We should have been working together to solve things, but I found myself pulling away from everyone.

I looked over at my sleeping wife and ran my fingers through her blonde hair. She meant so much to me, my whole family did. I didn't want to be estranged from any of them. My boys needed their father and my wife needed her husband. I just wished that my daughter needed her daddy, the way I needed her.

Chapter 32

Miranda

I wasn't just angry that Ty had called Colt and Van. I was hurt that he'd not included me in his plan.

The next morning I woke up, anxious to get on the road and get home. I didn't want to piddle around at the beach when I knew what awaited us.

Ty was quiet, offering to drive, but saying nothing as we loaded up the car and got on our way. I hated that we were fighting when it was more obvious than ever that we needed to stick together. Bella was determined to form a wedge between us, and we were letting it happen, without even realizing that it was.

Even if I didn't agree with Ty's idea, I felt obligated to see it through, because I would have done anything to make things go back to the way they were before.

I cuddled up next to him as he drove, and finally after about an hour, I'd made my decision. "Are you sure Colt and Van are okay with all this?"

He clenched his jaw. "They said they'd do anything to help us."

"She's expectin' to be punished when she gets home, so I guess we can tell her then."

"At first she's probably going to act happy about it. I've tried to prepare myself for that."

He was right. She'd want to be with Noah and be away from us. It could only be expected. "I know, but I trust you, Ty. If you think this could bring her back to us, I'm willin' to try it."

He reached over and grabbed my hand, but kept his eyes on the road. "Thank you, baby. I felt like shit last night over it. The last thing I wanted to do was upset you. I don't want to fight, not with you or our daughter."

How was it that we were going through such drama? What had we done to deserve it? I thought we'd been through enough when Bella had gotten sick. I figured that our problems were over when she'd started getting better. Now, we had another catastrophe on our hands. "I don't want to fight either, especially considerin' that I'm goin' to be a mess until she's back home with us."

He squeezed my hand and looked over at me for a second. "We'll get through this."

"I hope so." It hurt to think about how all of this had happened and how we'd gotten so desperate to find a resolution. I would have been able to wait until she stopped being mad at me, but Ty was so broken up over Bella. He couldn't stand feeling lost any longer. If there was even the slightest chance that she'd love him again, he had to go through with it.

We arrived home a couple hours later. I could tell he was exhausted, and he'd admitted that he hadn't gotten much sleep. My mother and John had called to say that they would be another hour, so Ty went to lie down.

I sat in my living room, looking around at the pictures on the walls. Ty and Bella were so happy in all of them. In each family photo she was either on his lap or holding his hand. It broke my heart to think about that bond being broken, and I knew he was suffering more than I could ever imagine.

Ty had told me how Colt wanted him to drive Bella to Kentucky. It made sense, considering that she'd have to speak to him at some point during that long ride.

My problem was him having to ride home upset and alone. It made me nervous, and my heart hurt for him at being able to put himself in that kind of situation.

When my boys came running through the door, I was more than happy to see them. While they both hugged me and started talking about all the fun they'd had, Bella headed straight to her room. I looked at my mother and John, and they both shook their heads and looked at one another. "Why don't you take your stuff to your room?"

I watched them running back to their rooms. My mother approached me. "She hasn't said much this morning. I think she feels bad about worrying me last night."

I looked down at the floor, finding it hard to tell my mother what we were thinking of doing with Bella. "Mom, I think you might want to sit down."

"What is it?" She remained standing.

"Colt and Van are goin' to keep Bella for a few weeks. I still have to call her school and get somethin' worked out, but we've already decided. If there's a chance that pushing her away will bring her back to us, we've got to try it."

I could tell that my mother was upset. She'd seen us struggling and knew how hard a decision like this was for us. "I can't believe I'm going to say this, but it could actually work. I get that she's upset, but most of it is her acting out. She doesn't hate either one of you. If you distance yourself and make her think that you're done trying, it might cause her to admit her feelings."

"That's what we're hopin'."

"I can check on her as much as I want to. If Van needs help, she knows she can call me."

I started to tear up. "I know. Thanks, mom."

"Do you need us to stay another night, to take her home with us?"

"Ty's goin' to take her. Colt thinks it's a good idea. He thinks it will force her to hear him out. They've never been alone like that since everything happened. She won't be able to walk away, and I think if we're going to send her away, she needs to hear what she's givin' up."

"I agree." My mother got that look on her face when she knew we'd done something wrong and she was disappointed. We were all disappointed with Bella, but we hadn't lost hope.

We talked a little more, and then she and John announced that they were going to head out. My mom loved to antique, and Sundays were the best day to do it. It was still early enough in the day that they could make several stops before they all closed.

The kids came out and hugged her, and I said goodbye for Ty, who was still resting. As soon as they pulled away, I headed back to Bella's room, where she'd run off to. I found her sitting on her bed looking at a shirt she'd gotten on their trip. I sat down next to her. "Did you have a good time?"

"Yeah, it was okay." She wouldn't look me in the eye.

"Bella, you scared us to death last night. You can't leave like that. Grandma was responsible for you and we all thought you'd been taken."

She looked up at me with a sad face. "I'm sorry. I told you why I did it."

I put my hand on her thigh. "Sweetie, I love you with all of my heart, but I can see that you're not happy here. You're dad and I have tried to be there for you and help you get through this, but you won't let us in. We had to make the decision that will help this family heal. It hurts me to tell you this, but you're goin' to go live with Uncle Colt and Aunt Van for a while. I can't have this constant drama around your brothers. It's not healthy. I get that you're mad at your father, but he's never goin' to give up on you."

"You want me to leave?"

"I want our family to be the way it was before, but we both know that can't happen anymore, especially after the things you've said about your father. I understand why you think you have to hate him, but it's wrong. He's done nothin' but love you for your whole life. It all just breaks my heart."

"I'll do the exercises, I promise." I wanted to smile, hearing her react like she hadn't this whole time. It was at that moment when I realized how well Ty knew our daughter. Even after she'd ripped his heart out, he'd been strong enough to see what I couldn't. He knew how to break her and bring her back to us.

"It's not about that anymore. This is best for everyone. It's not like we won't be able to visit. We'll come as much as we can." I was lying through my teeth and I hated it, but it needed to be said. The more I saw her reacting, the more I knew it was working. Normally I'd be against manipulating my daughter, except we'd tried every other type of resorts and failed. This was a last resort. It was killing me inside, even if it was a ploy. I'd never send my child away if I didn't feel like it was necessary.

"I'm sorry, mom. I won't make you mad again. I promise."

"You should have thought about that when you told the only man who has ever raised you that he wasn't your dad. Bella, things like that have consequences. You can't treat people that love you this way, no matter how angry you are at them. Family sticks together, through the good and the bad. I get that we hurt you by keepin' the secret, but we didn't do it for that reason. We did it because we both wanted to protect you. It's only ever been about keepin' you safe and loved. If you'd just given him a chance to explain, he would have told you that." When she really started to cry I wanted to comfort her. She'd expect me to, so I hugged her and held her while I spoke. "Sweetie, this is the only way we can be happy. Don't you want that? Don't you want to be happy in your own home?"

"Yes," she whispered sadly. "I won't be mean to him anymore."

"Actions speak louder than words, sweetie. I think some time apart is what we all need."

God, I felt like the worst parent. The only thing that kept me going was the fact that it was clearly working. She was showing more emotion than she had in weeks.

She sobbed and looked down at the floor. "Do you still love me?"

"Of course I love you. That man in the other room, the one that you said wasn't your father, loves you more than his own life." I held her hand. "Bella, I know you're goin' through changes, and I get that things have been hard for you, especially learnin' about Tucker Chase. I'm not tryin' to push you away because you know. I am sending you to Kentucky so you can have some time to heal. I think that you bein' here is makin' it hard."

"Mom, it's not hard."

In other words, Bella knew she was being disrespectful on purpose. She knew that it had all been a show, and deep down she didn't hate Ty. It was the opposite. "The decision has already been made. We can't have you runnin' away or sabotagin' your life and studies because you're mad at us."

"I won't."

"Bella, please don't make this any harder than it is. Uncle Colt and Aunt Van will keep you safe. You'll have Noah to talk to if you get sad. You can call me or your dad whenever you want."

She put her head down and sobbed. The longer I sat there, the more I knew I needed to get out of the room. I got up and left her there, fragile and alone, and I hated myself.

I hated this plan, even if it was working. I hated Ty for suggesting it, and myself for going through with it.

My baby was in her room hysterical, and I was a big fat liar, again.

Chapter 33

Tyler

Miranda came into the room having an emotional breakdown. She was sobbing and fell onto the bed next to me. I'd been awake for a few minutes and realized what time it was. As I started to get up, she came rushing in, and I had no idea what had happened.

I reached over and put my arms around her, but she shoved me off. "I hate this plan."

She wouldn't look up at me, albeit I already knew what she was talking about. "What happened?"

"I told her she's got to move out. Ty, it was so horrible. She's so upset."

I knew it was selfish, but for some reason, all I could think about was the fact that the plan was working. "So she doesn't want to leave?"

Miranda shook her head and sniffled. "No. She said she'll do the exercises. She was practically pleadin' to stay."

"What did you tell her?" I hated that Miranda was hurting, and especially that we were being so cold to Izzy. Neither of my girls deserved to be in emotional distress, but I was determined to break that wall down that she'd built. If telling her she had to leave was working, I wanted to keep going through with it, because it was the only way to get our daughter back to the little girl she used to be.

For some people it probably made no sense, and the psychiatrist was going to have a field day. Hell, she'd probably say I was a horrible parent and didn't deserve a daughter. Every parent has their own way of raising their kids, and mine may have been unique, but it worked.

"I told her that we couldn't live in this house with so much pent up anger. I told her it wasn't fair to the boys or anyone, includin' you. Ty, you were right. It only took a few seconds for me to see it. She may have said she hated you and that you're not her father, but I saw the real truth in her eyes. That girl loves you, and she's never stopped. As much as this f**kin' hurts, I'm willin' to go through with it, for you and for our family."

I pulled my wife's face up so I could look into her eyes. I used my thumbs to wipe away her tears and kissed her softly on the nose. "Baby, none of this was meant to hurt you. You've got to remember that this is part of the plan. We're doing this for our family. I know it hurts to even pretend that we're giving up on her, but think about the rewards of making her appreciate our life. Look, I can promise you that the moment I drop her off at Colt's is going to be one of the hardest of my life. I don't want to spend a day without her in this house. It's different when she's visiting or away. I know it feels more permanent, even if it's not. It isn't like there's some parenting manual laying around that can walk us through something like this. We're grasping at straws here and I'm desperate as hell to get back what's missing. Hell, I can't even imagine what it's like for other families that suffer through this for years. Maybe they're stronger, or perhaps they're just in denial. I don't even care what other people think or do. This is about our family. It's about our boys and about Isabella being the best daughter that she can be, because she's happy and loved."

When I said her full name Miranda closed her eyes. She knew I was done waiting. "We want the same thing, babe."

I kissed her softly again and let my lips linger against hers. "I love you all so much. I can't let her slip away without a fight."

"I know. I just feel so bad. I hate seein' her like this. It was our lie that did this to her, and now we're puttin' even more stress on her. What happens if this makes her hate us more?"

"First of all, she doesn't hate you. She hates me, remember? Secondly, I seriously doubt that will happen. You said she's already begging to stay. This is what we want, Miranda. She needs to realize what she's giving up. The only way for her to appreciate us is if we show her exactly what she's willing to lose."

"I just wish there was an easier way."

"So do I," I agreed. It wasn't like I hadn't thought about it. I'd stayed up half the night reconsidering the idea.

I held my wife as she cried and thought about our daughter, who was probably in her room doing the same thing. It would have been cool to be able to tell her that we changed our mind and that she could stay, but I needed to be sure that her reaction wasn't just out of desperation. I needed to be certain that her feelings were genuine. I may have been pushing it, but this was a serious matter that needed to be handled. I refused to raise a defiant girl, who would only end up getting herself into trouble as she got older and looked down on authority.

Izzy went to school that Monday morning. I stayed at the house with Miranda while she made some calls to her school. The good news was that they were willing to allow her to be homeschooled until her "medical procedure" was dealt with and she'd recovered.

So it was a lie. It still reassured us that her education wouldn't be affected. She'd already been privately tutored when she was in the hospital before.

I decided that I was going to pick her up from school and try to test the waters of how our long drive to Kentucky was going to be. I could see her disappointment when she walked over to the truck and saw that it was me sitting there waiting. She usually got excited when she didn't have to ride the bus, but I could tell she wasn't that happy this time.

She climbed in and tossed her bag in the backseat. I turned on her favorite station, but kept the volume low. "Hey. How was your day?"

She shrugged and looked out the window.

I started to say something, but decided to leave her alone. We had a really long drive, and I wanted her to be as calm as possible for our talk then. I began to sing a song I recognized from her playing it in her room. I changed the words, saying crazy lyrics instead of the real ones that I didn't even know.

She used to shove me and tell me how annoying I was while laughing. Instead she stared out the window, as if I wasn't even in the truck with her.

Sure, it hurt my feelings, but it wasn't like it was anything new. She'd been acting like that since the day she found out the truth. I couldn't expect a big change out of her, even if she was afraid of moving away. I did, however, think it was funny that she could plead and make promises to her mother, but talk about none of it with me, like it never even happened.

I guess in some way Izzy thought I was responsible for everything. I guess in a way I was. I mean, had it not been for the whole domino effect of the damn lie, we wouldn't be in this situation, but that decision wasn't just mine. Miranda was more than willing to protect that secret for the rest of her life. We'd both promised to take it to the grave if it was possible.

When we arrived back at home, she hopped out of the truck and ran inside.

I missed my little girl and the talks that we used to have. I missed her confiding in me, and our special talks about boys and her brothers. I missed it all.

Maybe other people could live with getting the silent treatment, but I wasn't one of them. I needed to be able to communicate with the people that I loved.

Conner came up the field on a Gator and stopped right before he made contact with my legs. "What's up, dick? You don't know how to return phone calls today?"

"Suck it. I've been busy, man. What did you want?"

"Randa told us what's goin' on. I gotta say, I didn't think I'd ever see the day when you two would want Bells to move to Kentucky."

I scrunched up my face. "Screw you. It's temporary. They're keeping her for a few weeks to see if we can get her to come around."

"What if she likes it better there? What if she wants them to raise her?" He shook his head after chuckling at his own joke. "I'm kiddin', bro. Bella ain't goin' to like Colt's rules. He's too strict for her. Besides, everyone knows that she's just actin' out. There ain't no way she could hate you or my sister."

"I appreciate that." Conner and I were close. He knew when he could play around and when he needed to be serious. He loved his sister and his niece, and wanted what was best for them. "I hope this shit works. I know I'm dreading this f**king drive. She wouldn't even talk to me on the way home from school. Can you imagine how much torture it's going to be for both of us for four to five hours?"

Conner laughed as he took off his hat and put it back on. "I'd like to be a fly in that vehicle. Damn, it's goin' to suck to be you. Although I give her about an hour before she breaks. By the time you get to Kentucky, you're goin' to want to turn around and take her home."

"Yeah, I don't think it's going to be that easy. Saying one thing is different than doing it. We need her to appreciate our life, not just want to be home and pretend to be happy."

"I wish you luck, bro. I'm guessin' you're goin' sometime this week?"

"We're going to let her finish out this week of school and I'll take her on Thursday, since Friday is a teacher workshop."

"Shit, I forgot the kids are off on Friday. Amy asked me to watch the kids in the mornin' so she could take care of a couple clients. I reckon I'll be busy babysittin' while you're drivin'."

"It's not babysitting if they're your kids, dude. Even I know that shit."

Conner shook his head. "Whatever. It's still watchin' kids, which is called babysittin'."

When I walked back in the house, Miranda was in the kitchen. She gave me a funny look, and I got close to figure out what her expression meant. "I guess the ride didn't go well?"

"She didn't talk if that's what you're asking."

Miranda dried a dish and put it in the cabinet above her head. "Did you mention Kentucky?"

"No. I didn't want her stabbing me in my sleep."

She leaned on the countertop and made sure Izzy wasn't coming in the room. "Don't say that, Ty. She'd never hurt you or anyone else. That sweet little girl is still in there, you know."

"I hope so, baby. I really do, because this shit is ripping me to pieces. I just want it to be over with. She's punished me so much that it almost feels like I'm being stabbed over and over."

We held hands, but I couldn't look at my wife. There wasn't anything she could say that could make the pain less for me. Only one person could heal my heart, and this last Hail Mary was either going to work or kill me more.

Chapter 34

Miranda

Love.

It makes us do so many desperate things and as ridiculous as they may seem to someone else, they make sense to the person whose heart is aching.

I guess I'd always been selfish and never considered myself one of the lucky ones. I didn't understand how someone who was seemingly normal at one point, could take their lives in a completely different direction.

As the week started to go by, we had the obligation to start packing up Bella's things to make it look like we were really shipping her off. To lighten up the load, we convinced her that she could only take half of her clothes and only her favorite things. Four rubber totes later, she was all packed up.

I could tell she was not happy about it. In fact, I'd heard her crying and found her in her room sobbing. It broke my heart, but she still refused to acknowledge that Ty was in the same house. There were even a few times when I felt like taking my mother's advice and putting her over my knee until she admitted that she was doing all of this on purpose to hurt him. It would have been a lot faster than putting us all through hell just to prove a point.

My mother kept reminding me of all the times she'd threaten to ship me off to my aunts, which was pretty funny considering that I ended up living with her for a while anyway.

Even though I knew it was temporary, it still gave me some reassurance knowing that she'd be with family. I wasn't sending her off to a boarding school, or leaving her on a stranger's doorstep. To Bella, we were trying to come up with a solution to the animosity in our home. She knew that she could come back, and I think she even knew that this was all because of her actions, yet she still ignored her father.

The child refused to admit that he was nothing more than the man I was married to.

An entire month of having his daughter disown him had caused Ty to break. You could tell when Bella was around, because he'd clam up or go into another room. It was as if just seeing her broke his heart, over and over.

One good thing was having the boys. They kept Ty going and loved him regardless with what was going on with anyone else. Ty seemed to even get closer to them. He'd always been great to all three of the kids, but now he was just doing special things for them, instead of having to include Bella. The funny thing was that even though he'd invite her, she'd still decline and then go cry in her room. The more I paid attention to her actions, the more I saw that she was broken in her own way.

I called my mom, crying to her the day before she was supposed to go. I knew that it was really a visit, but it was killing me to even have to pretend to be moving her out.

"Miranda, this was what you decided. You can't go back on your word after going this far with it. Besides, you said yourself that you can see that it's working. Let Ty take her to Kentucky. Let them be alone and have that time to talk. I bet that by the time they arrive, everything will be alright again. It's not like you're getting rid of her. For goodness sakes Miranda, she's only staying with them for a few weeks. She's done that every summer since she was five."

"What if she doesn't want to come home? This could be a terrible idea. I don't want to lose her."

"Do you hear yourself? Sweetie, you've all been through so much in the past couple of months. First the illness and now this big blow-up. I think you need a break. Bella needs to miss you. She needs time to understand that he's her father, no matter what the doctors could ever prove. You have a family and she needs to respect him. That's the rules, or she's going to be punished for it. Stop feeling bad about this. If anything, it will give you all some time to breathe. If she comes home still acting like a brat then you're both going to have to deal with it. Some girls are brats. You are still the worst one I've ever known."

I rolled my eyes when she reminded me of how much of a snobby little brat I was. "I thought girls were supposed to be easier."

"Your brother was way easier, even when he was at his worst. I don't think you want to admit the things you used to do. Let's not get into how sneaky you were. Your daughter gets it naturally, if you ask me."

"How did you get through it?" I wanted her advice. If I was that bad then maybe she had great advice to give.

"I prayed. I prayed every single day and sometimes more than once."

"Gee, thanks."

"Miranda, all parents go through something like you are, regardless what the issue is. Bella is changing physically and emotionally. As her hormones continue to take over, she's going to be difficult. It is perfectly natural for her to be over-emotional, hard to deal with, and downright nasty at times. Honey, you need to learn to suck it up and move on. You both do."

I rubbed the bridge of my nose. "That is easier said than done."

"You're a drama virgin when it comes to Bella. Honey, this is the beginning of many more disagreements. It's the beginning of her knowing everything, even when she really doesn't have a clue. It's the beginning of her lying out of her teeth, so she can sneak and spend the night with boys. The list goes on and on."

"Mother! I didn't call you for this."

"Sure you did." She laughed. "You called me because you needed to hear it. I'm telling you the truth."

As much as I didn't want to believe what she was saying, I knew she wouldn't lie about it. I took a deep breath. "So, you're sayin' that she's goin' to be fine? You really think it will be okay?"

"I think that a parent never stops learning. There is no right or wrong when you find something that works for you. Every single child is different, and you need to learn to adapt to that individual."

"I know you're right."

"Miranda, be patient. Everything will work out, for all of you including Ty."

I thanked my mom for the advice and hung up with her. As much as I wanted to fix things, I had to face the fact that sometimes you can't rush things. I needed to calm down and let this run its course. We could try this one last thing, and if she still came home the same way we'd have to deal with it accordingly.

The night before Bella had to leave, I still got myself in a tizzy. Ty retreated out to the barn, and I knew it was because he was hiding from me. It wasn't like I was going to skin him or anything. I think he didn't like seeing me so broken up.

Another thing he was freaking out about was being in the car with Bella for such a long time. She'd refused to communicate with him, and that was a very long ride to have nothing to say.

I waited until I put the kids to bed to go out looking for him. He was shooting balls around the pool table with music playing from his phone. He looked up when I walked in, but didn't say anything.

I grabbed a beer out of the refrigerator and took a sip. "Are you hidin' from me?"

"No!" He shot another ball and didn't look at me.

"Really?" I walked to the other side of the pool table and leaned over. "I'm not so sure about that."

He shook his head and turned off his music. "Everything is fine, Miranda. I just wanted some time to think. I'm not mad at anyone and I'm not purposely trying to avoid you. Sometimes it's okay for people to want alone time, you know."

That only proved that he wasn't okay. "The kids are all in bed. I was wonderin' if you wanted to take a bath with me."

He sighed and shook his head before sitting down on the couch next to me. "Don't be offended, but I don't feel like it tonight. I've got a long drive tomorrow, and it isn't exactly going to be fun for me."

I hurt for him, but didn't know what to do without making him angry. I hated going to bed feeling like that, but this was hard for all of us. "Okay, I just thought I'd ask. I thought you might want to unwind before you need to make that drive. I get that you want to be alone."

I started to walk outside, and I heard him coming up behind me. He smacked my ass and I turned around promptly. "On second thought, I think a bath would be great."

We held hands as we walked back to the house, but when we got inside and Ty saw Bella standing at the fridge, he literally froze. We'd come into the house laughing, when we were both supposed to be sad. I felt horrible for her seeing us so happy. "Bella, what are you doin' up?"

She seemed cross as she looked up at us. "I can't sleep. I wanted some milk."

Ty always made her warm milk when she couldn't sleep, but mostly I think she'd always done it for his attention. He rushed into the kitchen without thinking about the consequences. "I'll get it for you, Iz."

She backed away from him and he froze in front of her. "I can get it myself."

Ty's face changed from hopeful to hurt and he walked out of the kitchen without saying anything else to her. I grabbed the cup out of her hand and looked right at her. "He was tryin' to be nice to you. Is it that necessary to treat him so bad? When has he ever done that to you?"

She shrugged. "I guess you won't have to worry about it anymore, since you're sendin' me away." She went running back to her bedroom without the drink. I was so frustrated and knew that Ty was probably feeling the same. Suddenly I realized that the bath was probably the worst idea ever. I sat down on the couch and covered my face with my hands. I felt like the world's worst mother, and I didn't know how things were ever going to get any better.

Chapter 35

Tyler

Miranda gave me three shots of Bourbon before bed to help me sleep. When I say that she gave them to me, I mean she practically shoved them down my throat.

I almost wished that she hadn't, because waking up knowing that I had to take Iz wasn't a good feeling.

We had a big breakfast together and the boys made it clear how jealous they were that she got to go stay in Kentucky. For the first time since we'd told her the news, she seemed excited. It was a kick in the gut hearing her talking about living with Noah.

While laying in bed the night before, Miranda and I discussed the possibility of that happening. We agreed that even if it didn't turn Izzy around, the time apart would be good for all of us and it would give her time to heal and move on. Colt and Van were planning on bringing her home for Thanksgiving which was a little more than three weeks away.

Seeing her packing her last bags in the car really broke me down. I was hoping that she'd somehow come begging us to stay, but she never did. After she said her goodbyes, I hugged my boys and then my wife. Miranda was already crying and we hadn't even started the car. "Baby, remember this is temporary."

She nodded and tried to smile, failing completely. "I know. I'm bein' so stupid about this. She's gone to stay with them for longer periods in the summer."

"Exactly." I moved the hair away from her cheeks and kissed her there. "I love you. I'll call when we get there. Don't forget I'm staying at the guest house tonight and coming home in the morning. If you need anything just call me."

The three of them waved as we pulled down the dirt road and then we were off to Kentucky. To break the ice, I turned on Izzy's favorite station. She quickly grabbed her ear-buds and put them in, blocking out the radio and anything else I might want to say to her.

We weren't even a mile away from home and she was ignoring me. I clenched my jaw and tried to keep calm, knowing that if I became irrational, it would piss her off more.

After driving for an hour I realized I was starving. I pulled up to a drive-thru and she finally brought her attention to me. "You know what I want, right?"

I did. "Sure do."

We caught eyes for just a second and I could see that she realized we'd connected. She turned quickly and peered out the window.

It was hard being so close to her and feeling the tension. I handed her the food, but didn't change my expression as I spoke. "Can you pull mine out for me?"

She did as I asked and we both started eating while I continued to drive. We'd finished before anything was said again, but I figured since she didn't have her ear buds in that I would be able to speak my mind. "Are you going to miss your friends at home?"

She shrugged. "Not the boys."

I smiled. "That's because boys your age are buttheads."

"And warts. Lots of them have warts."

It was nice, hearing her talk to me somewhat like she used to. "I know your brothers are going to miss you. Who are they going to bother every morning?"

"I'm not goin' to miss those annoyin' poopfaces."

"Iz there's something I want you to know that I've only ever been able to tell your mother. I know you might not care, but I need to get this off of my chest." I paused and thought about finding the right words to explain. "Remember how we told you the funny stories of how Aunt Van used to be my girlfriend?"

She nodded.

"Well, the real reason we broke up was because I became someone I wasn't proud of. When I had my accident and got out of the hospital I found out she'd fallen in love with Uncle Colt. It broke my heart for a while, but I knew he loved her and would always be good to her. While they wanted to start their future together, I was left alone. I got really depressed and even wondered why God had made me survive the crash. I felt so worthless. I considered ending my life." I looked right at Iz. "Then something happened and I felt like I had a reason to wake up everyday."

Izzy seemed interested in my story. "What happened?"

"Well, I drove with your Aunt Van to take her to Kentucky. When your mom went into labor, we were the only ones to drive her to the hospital, except we didn't make it in time. You were born in the backseat and from the moment I saw your beautiful face, everything changed for me. I never felt love like I felt for you, instantly, as if I was meant to feel that way about you. You changed me and made me want to be different. Everything I have is because of the love you showed me."

She looked down at her hands and said nothing.

I couldn't help myself, even though I knew I was pushing the limits of the conversation. "I'm going to miss you, Iz. I know you hate me right now, but every day of my life has been better because you've been in it. I wake up and look forward to seeing your smiling face and I enjoy tucking you in each night. Maybe you'll never forgive me, but I'll never stop loving you. If you ever need anything, I'll be there, even if you refuse to talk to me ever again."

I was trying to focus on the road, but talking about my feelings had gotten me all messed up in the head. My eyes watered so badly that I had to pull over to the side of the road.

Normally, I'd be able to walk away from something without shedding a tear, but I felt like I was dropping off a part of myself and just walking away. It was like telling a kid to walk outside and shoot their favorite pet. This beautiful young girl had a piece of my heart and imagining her giving it back to me was devastating.

I began to sob, putting my hands up to my face to hide my embarrassment. Here I was, driving her to try and teach her a lesson and not even two hours into the drive I was pulled over and crying like a little pu**y.

I couldn't look at her and see her unaffected reaction. I had to try and calm down on my own.

I heard her jacket shuffling and felt her arms wrapping around me. In the smallest whisper I heard her speak. "I'll miss you the most."

I turned, not even wiping the tears away, and looked at her. "What did you say?" I thought I was hearing things out of desperation.

She started to cry.

There we were, on some deserted country road crying together. I wiped a tear from her cheek and she looked up at me. "Please don't cry anymore. It makes me sad."

"I'm sorry."

Izzy shrugged. "I know you're my only dad. I get that you're the only man that raised me."

I looked right at her, amazed that after she'd dissed me in so many ways, she was admitting the only thing I wanted to hear. "Can you say that again?"

Izzy rolled her eyes. She put her hand on my shoulder. "You heard me."

I reached down and grabbed her hand, squeezing it between both of mine. "That means a lot to me."

She turned away, like the last five minutes hadn't happened.

Deciding not to push my luck, I started driving again. Izzy put her ear-buds back in and looked out the window. I had to be happy that she'd at least acknowledged me. It was better than nothing at all.

Thankfully, she fell asleep shortly after that and slept for the whole rest of the ride. Had it not been for that, I don't know what we would have talked about. I didn't know what Colt was thinking when he said he wanted me to have the whole ride to talk to her, when for all these weeks she'd done everything she could to avoid conversation with me.

Izzy woke up when we hit the gravel driveway and approached Colt and Van's house. She started gathering her things and prepared to jump out, even before the vehicle came to a stop. When it did, she went flying out and up the steps to see her cousins. I took my time getting out, while telling myself the whole time that this was going to be temporary. I kept reminding myself that she'd come around and we'd all be happy again in no time.

Then I walked in the house and saw her smiling. My heart dropped as I watched her interacting with Noah and Van, like she used to at our house. I felt so defeated.

Colt put his hand on my shoulder and walked with me into the kitchen. I watched as Van took Izzy by the hand and led her into the office. "Is she giving her the house rules or something?"

Colt chuckled and took a sip of a bottle of water. "Why don't you go find out."

I rolled my eyes and walked out of the kitchen, wondering why he was being so damn cryptic. Obviously she would need to follow the rules and be respectful of her cousins and their things.

When I got to the office door, I heard Van talking and I stood there, shocked at what she was talking about.

"Bella, you know we love having you here, right?"

"Yeah. I promise to behave."

"There's something I think you need to know before you decide to stay here with us; something that might make you change your mind. Sit down and I'll explain."

"Am I in trouble?" I could understand why she'd think that. I couldn't imagine what Van had to talk to her about.

"No. This is about me. It's about something that happened with me and your biological father."

It took me two seconds to get my hand on the office door-handle and burst into the room. "Van, don't do this." Izzy was sitting down. Van had her hands on her hips and a mad look on her face.

"This is my decision, not Colt's and surely not yours. We sat Noah down and told him everything last night. Bella deserves the truth, Ty."

"Please don't do this. Miranda doesn't want her to know. I don't either. It's too horrible and it could make things way worse. How do you think she's going to take the end result of your story?"

"It is the truth. If she wants to make decisions that impact her family the way she is, then she can hear the truth, besides, I talked to Miranda about this today and she said I could."

I ran my hands through my hair and folded my arms across my chest. "Fine. I guess I can't stop you."

Van sat down opposite from Iz and reached her hands across the table. She gripped onto Izzy's and looked her right in the eyes. "What I'm about to tell you isn't going to be pretty. It might even make you upset. I wouldn't be telling you this if I didn't feel like it wasn't important. You and Noah went digging into something that you never should have learned about. Now it's destroying one of the people that love you the most in this world."

"What is it?" Izzy asked.

"Tucker Chase was a horrible person, Bella. You're not going to learn the truth from any newspaper or obituary. If you want the truth, I'm going to give it to you. I'll tell you everything I know and experienced firsthand, so you can finally put this curiosity to rest."

Izzy was quiet for a couple moments and then finally answered in a soft tone, as if she were intimidated. "Okay."

"When I met your mother, she was giving birth to you. We've been close ever since. I got to see what she was put through when she was still seeing Tucker. Not only did he ask her to terminate her pregnancy, but he made it clear that he didn't want to be a father. Your mother was heartbroken, because she loved you more than anything in the world. She wanted the best life for you and soon realized that it was best if they ended things. We went out one night and he tried to kidnap her. Ty and Conner had to fight him off of your mother because he was beating her up."

"You're lyin' so I don't like him." Izzy was in disbelief. She couldn't allow herself to think that Tucker Chase was better off dead.

Van paused for a second and gave me a look, then proceeded again. "I'm not lying to you, Bella. They had to get a protective order from the police and that's why you two moved to North Carolina."

From the look on Izzy's face, I could tell she was starting to piece everything together.

"That's not the worst Bella. When your Uncle and I got married, we wanted to have children immediately. We tried for months and nothing happened. Finally, after we'd given up hope, I found out I was pregnant. We were so happy and the doctors told me that I was in perfect health." Van started to cry. She grabbed a couple tissues and blew her nose. "It was such a happy time for me, back then. I felt like the luckiest person in the world." She sniffled some more before she could continue.

"You don't have to continue, Van." I didn't want her to.

"Yes I do." She turned her attention back to Iz. "I was abducted in a grocery store parking lot by Tucker Chase and his friends. They took me to an abandoned house and tied me up in the basement, demanding a million dollars for my life. He kicked me around and threatened my safety. When I was finally able to free myself and started to climb out a window, he caught me and threw me down on the ground. He kicked and beat me repeatedly, until I was bleeding and thinking I was about to die. I managed to fight to survive and hit him with a shovel. I didn't mean to, but that ended his life. If I didn't kill him that night, he would have killed me." She began to sob, but when I headed in her direction she held up her hand. "I'm okay."

She looked back at Izzy. "By the time the police found me, I'd lost my sweet baby. I'd been kicked so many times, beaten to a pulp. He knew I was pregnant and it didn't matter to him. He was a monster, Bella. He took everything from me in that basement and after that I didn't want to go on. It wasn't until Noah came into my life that I started to want to live again. Being his mother brought me back from the brink of giving up. I owe him everything."

Then she looked up at me. "Bella, I couldn't live another day with thinking you're willing to give up this wonderful person," she pointed to me, "for that terrible man that did so much to hurt us. Tyler would die for you. He'd do anything to see you smile. You're my family and I love you, but I can't be a good aunt to you if I didn't let you know the truth."

Izzy stood up and placed her hands on the desk. "You're nothin' but a liar! Nobody would believe that story. You just want me to stop tryin' to find out things."

"Izzy, stop it! Aunt Van is telling you the truth. We all are."

She ran out of the room crying. "I hate you all!"

I sat down in the chair that she'd been in and looked at Van. "You didn't have to do that." I had a feeling it would make things worse, but anything was worth a try.

"If I didn't then who would? This is ridiculous. She's a child, Ty. You can't let her manipulate you like she is."

I covered my face with my hands. "What am I supposed to do? I've tried being mean, being nice and everything in between."

"Leave."

"Come again?" I looked right at her, wondering why she'd be so cold.

"Go tell your daughter goodbye and leave. Pretend that you're done with her, Ty. Just go."

"But I'm not."

Van rolled her eyes. "Duh! Look, Colt thinks that once my story simmers in her little head, she's going to change her mind about staying here. If you walk away, right now, it will open her naive eyes to the big picture. Bella's a smart girl. I know she'll make the right decision."

"So, you want me to say goodbye and pretend I'm going straight home?"

"Yes."

I shook my head, assuming she was stupid. After that story and the things I'd said to her in the car, she'd still said nothing to make me think things would be better.

I found her outside, standing with her old horse. We'd since got new ones at home, but she still felt close to the old one. "Iz, Da.., I'm leaving. I was wondering if I could have a hug for the road."

She walked over and hugged me. I held her so tightly and could feel myself getting upset. She pulled away and walked back to her horse, like nothing had happened.

I climbed in my truck and waved to her as I drove away.

It was horrible looking back in the mirror and seeing her not paying attention to me.

After I sent a text to Miranda, I went in the guest-house and locked the doors. Then I jumped in the shower to clear my head. I appreciated the gesture from Van, but nothing was going to help me. I could only hope that at some point we'd be able to be close again. No matter how much she fought me, I knew I'd always love her.

She was my daughter and she always would be.

Chapter 36

Miranda

When Van called me and asked if she could tell Bella the truth, I wanted to beg her not to. The idea of Bella knowing what kind of monster her father was could ruin her worse. It definitely would change her perception, whether it would be for the good or the bad.

Finally, after we bickered for a while, I decided that anything was worth a try. I gave her my blessing and hung up more worried than ever before.

While waiting for a phone call, I bit off all of my finger nails, drank three cups of coffee and cleaned the entire house to stay busy. The boys were outside with their poppy, so the house was too quiet for me.

When I got the text from Ty, telling me that he was calling it a night, I knew things hadn't gone well. If my husband didn't want to talk at all, it meant he was too upset. My heart ached for him and Bella.

I lay in bed later that night wondering how we were all going to get through this. I couldn't force my daughter to love Ty, not if her heart wouldn't let her. I also couldn't live with that kind of animosity between them. I balled up in the bed and sobbed uncontrollably, not understanding how our lives had turned so bad, so quickly.

The rationalization of what was going on was only half of our problems. In lieu of the truth, I worried that Bella would try to find Tucker's living relatives. Had it not been for Van's quick thinking about coming clean with her story, Bella and Noah could have already found the truth and planned to hunt down that wicked excuse for a mother, that tried to fight us for visitation of our sweet girl.

She was too young for all of this to be happening.

I remember how innocent she was before she'd gotten sick. Everyone used to tell us how perfect she was and how they wished their daughters would be like Bella. It made me feel so good about the way we were raising her and how lucky she was to have a father that loved her wholeheartedly. It was such a shame that the terrible truth had come out; all because Ty went out and bought his mourning family a puppy.

My brother showed up at my doorstep a little while later. I refused to answer the door, so he located the hidden key and came in himself. "Randa, where are ya?"

"In my room," I said in between sobs.

He came in and sat on the edge of the bed. "Amy sent me over to check on you. She said she's been tryin' to call for hours. Where's your phone?"

I shrugged. "Probably in the kitchen."

"Look, I know you're goin' through some crazy shit, but cryin' ain't goin' to solve nothin'."

He would have been crying too if his daughter hated him. "You wouldn't understand."

"I get it. I know how hard it is. Did you forget that I'm with your husband as much as you are?"

"No, I didn't forget."

"Randa, do you want to go to Kentucky?"

I shrugged again. "I can't leave the boys."

"Amy already went over and got them. They're stayin' at our place tonight. Now, pack a couple things and I'll drive your ass to the airport. Colt called earlier and asked me to get you there. He said Ty needs you and I agree."

"He bought me a ticket?" Bella must have not taken Van's story well. I feared for my family and what had taken place. "When is my flight?"

"In about two hours. Get yourself together and meet me outside. I'll look after things here until you three get back."

"Bella's stayin' there." He knew the plan.

"No, she ain't. She's comin' home with her parents where she belongs. This idea of yours is stupid. I should have come to you sooner with my opinion. Look, sis, Bella needs to know who is in control. You've given her too much freedom in all of this. You need to get your ass there and demand that she change. Show her who is the boss. So what if she's mad? She'll get over it. You and Ty are bein' so ridiculous. You're in control of this situation. If it hasn't fixed itself yet, make it happen."

"It's not that easy."

"It is. She's a kid. You're the parent. Make it happen."

I hated arguing with my brother, but he was right about me needing to be there. I got up out of bed and packed a couple things. We were on the road ten minutes later and I was more nervous than upset.

I didn't argue with Conner in the truck, knowing he wouldn't shut up until I admitted he was right. Since I wasn't willing to do that, I said nothing.

We pulled up at the departures and he unlocked the door. "Have a safe trip. I'll see you when you get back."

"Who is pickin' me up? Do I call Ty?"

"No! Don't call him. He doesn't know you're comin'. Colt said he turned off his phone and went to the guest house. In my opinion, Van probably offered to go after him and Colt put his foot down. He may be better with the two of them, but he still gets jealous sometimes. Don't tell him I said that."

I shook my head and laughed. "I won't."

"Anyway, Colt is comin' for you. Look for his truck when you come out."

I hugged my brother. "Thanks for this."

"Don't thank me. I'm just a messenger. Besides, you need to be with your husband and daughter."

After finding a customer service representative, I had a boarding ticket and was ready to go. Thirty minutes later I was boarding the plane. I tried to focus on the flight and getting there in one piece, but all I could think about was my need to be with my husband.

Conner had been right about my cousin being there to pick me up. My flight was a little over and hour and Colt was there waiting for me in the arrival lane. I climbed in the truck and reached over to hug him. "How bad is it?"

"We ain't seen Ty all night. I know he's over at the guest house, but he won't answer the phone. Bella's bein' stubborn. She refused to eat dinner. Van's a mess. She thought she was helpin' and now she's afraid she's made things a lot worse."

"It's not your fault. None of this is your fault."

I was being driven into a mess and I didn't know who I needed to comfort first; my messed up daughter, or my broken husband.

Colt drove us to his house and I wasted no time getting out and running up the porch steps. Van was in the living room, sipping on a cup of tea. She chippered up when she saw me standing there. "Hey."

I walked over and hugged her. "Stop blamin' yourself. This ain't your fault."

"I feel terrible."

I looked around and didn't spot any kids. "Are they all sleepin' already?"

She shook her head. "The little ones are, but I think Noah and Bella are in his room, playing a video game."

I walked upstairs quietly and opened Noah's bedroom door. He was sitting on the edge of the bed playing a game, but Bella wasn't in the room with him. "Hi, Aunt Miranda. I didn't know you were here." He looked like he was up to something.

"Where's Bella?"

He shrugged and looked even more guilty. "I don't know."

"Noah, your mother said she was up here with you." I put my hands on my hips demanding him to answer me.

"She told me not to tell anyone."

"You better tell me, right now!" I was raising my voice, demanding an answer and I wasn't leaving his room until I got one.

"She said she wanted to be alone and for me to not come lookin' for her." He knew he was in trouble when he admitted it.

"So, you don't even know where she is?"

He shook his head. "No. she went out the back door with her bag and a flashlight."

"WHAT?" I couldn't believe he let her go outside all alone.

I ran down the stairs, alarming Van and Colt immediately. "She's gone. Noah said she left a while ago claiming she wanted to be alone. She's out there somewhere, all alone!"

"Calm down. Maybe she's with Ty?"

I shook my head. "I have a terrible feelin'."

Colt went into the pantry and came out holding three flashlights. "Take this. I'm goin' to fetch Noah and we'll all start lookin'. Hopefully she's hidin in one of the barns, or she's with her dad. Try to calm down, Miranda. She won't go too far."

I was freaking out. Clearly, they weren't considering how devastated my child was. She'd learned that her biological father not only didn't want her, but was also a murderer. She'd also learned that her perfect aunt had ended his life to save her own. I couldn't imagine how messed up the child was and I hated myself for allowing it to happen.

I went running out the door desperate to find her. I yelled her name and was determined to not stop until I found her. Without waiting for Colt, I hopped on a Gator and headed for the guest house, praying she was with Ty and they were both safe.

Chapter 37

Tyler

I woke up on the couch to beating on the door. Much to my surprise, my wife was standing there as I opened it. I went to speak, but she shoved me inside and started looking around. "Is Bella here with you?"

"What? No. Wait, how did you get here? What are you doing here, baby?"

"Ty, she's missin'. Colt and Van thought she was upstairs with Noah, but he helped her sneak out of the house. They tried to call you."

"My phone died."

"Get some clothes on. We've got to find her."

I rushed into the bedroom and started throwing on clothes. Once I had enough layers, we headed out to the Gator. "What the hell is going on? Where would she go?"

I didn't expect Miranda, who was clearly frantic, to have answers. "I don't know." She started crying.

"Okay, we need to stay calm until we find her. I'm sure she's not far. It's too dark out here."

"She's so upset Ty. We should have known this would happen. We should have paid more attention."

We started yelling her name as soon as we pulled away from the house. "Where's Colt?"

"He and Noah are searching the barns. We need to stick to the woods and surrounding areas." She was determined and suddenly nothing else mattered except our need to find our daughter.

With all other issues aside, her life could be in danger. We'd been in this type of situation once before and it didn't come without injury.

We continued yelling her name out into the dark night.

Nothing.

No crying or screaming, just sounds of bugs and wildlife.

"Jesus Christ. Where would she go, Ty?"

I tried to stop worrying for a second and think about where Iz would go if she was upset. I thought about all the spots that we'd played hiding-go-seek and every place that someone her size would feel safe. Since my arms would have sufficed before all this drama happened, I stopped the Gator and realized one place that nobody had checked.

"I know where she's at."

"Where?" she asked.

"Hang on, I'll show you." The truth was, I wasn't sure she would be there, but if I had to take a guess, and put myself in her shoes, I knew where I would go.

We pulled back up at the guest house and I knew my wife was confused. She stayed seated as I walked over to my truck. "Ty, were wastin' time."

I peeked in the window of the passenger side and saw Izzy sprawled across the seat. She had her ear buds in her ear, which would explain why she hadn't heard Miranda pull up or us calling her.

Miranda started to run up to the truck, but I motioned for her to stop. I opened the door slowly and startled her when I touched her leg. She pulled out the ear buds and looked at me with tear filled eyes. "You said you were goin' to leave me."

I stood there, speechless that I'd been able to find her. It was like I was meant to be the one that was able to ,out of everyone that was looking. "I thought that's what you wanted?"

She shook her head. "It's not. I was coming here to hide and saw your truck. I figured you wouldn't be able to leave without me if I stayed in it."

"Sweetie, I wasn't leaving until the morning."

"I'm sorry for everything I said to you. I'm sorry for being a bad daughter."

I pulled her into my arms and held her tightly. "You've never been a bad daughter, Iz. You were just upset. We should have told you the truth from the beginning. It's our fault."

She pulled away and looked right into my eyes. Her little bottom lip was quivering. "I wish I didn't know. I wish I never heard about it."

"He can't ever hurt you. None of those people can. I made sure of it. You're safe and you always will be."

She cried harder and fell into my arms. "I was so scared. I just kept runnin'. I wanted to go home." I picked her up and carried her into the house, where I continued holding her even after I'd sat down.

Miranda sat down beside me and Izzy finally realized that she was there with us. She smiled at her mother, while keeping her head against my chest. Honestly, I felt like if I let go of her, for even a second, I'd lose her again. "I love you so much, Iz."

"I love you, too Daddy."

That was it, the moment of impact where everything else that had gone on was simply forgotten about. Izzy may have been lost, confused and wanting to know the truth, but what she learned only proved to her that I was the only father she'd ever want or need. "Can you say that again?"

She laughed and looked up at me. "I said I love you, too."

"The other part."

"Daddy."

I finally exhaled, hearing that beautiful word coming out of her mouth. "Are you sure you're okay with that?" Miranda was in full-blown tears next to me.

"I'm eleven, not a baby. I know you're my dad and I know I'm a Mitchell."

"You always will be, Iz."

We cuddled up together on the couch until Colt came barging in. He saw the three of us there and left without saying anything. I think he knew that whatever had happened had brought us back to where we needed to be.

Life got back to normal after that. After we finally got Izzy tucked into bed, we retreated to the master bedroom and plopped down on the mattress. I couldn't remember the last time where my heart felt full.

Miranda climbed on top of my back and started massaging it. "It's been a long day."

"It's been a long two months."

She kept rubbing on my shoulders. "I bet your glad it's over."

"I'm speechless. For a while there, I thought she'd disowned me. You don't know what it meant to find her in that truck, waiting for me. I still can't believe it."

"I still don't know how you knew. That's the thing with the two of you. You share somethin' that nobody could ever explain. Even when you both are at your worst, it's always been there."

"Maybe." There was something there between me and Iz. I didn't know if it was fate, God, or just the fact that I'd raised her, but it was something.

I turned over and flipped Miranda on my lap. "I'm glad I came. Being here and seein' the two of you reconnect like that was beautiful. It's all I ever wanted."

"Me too."

"I guess Van really messed with her head."

I raised my eyebrows. "I was in the room with them. It was ugly. Izzy called her liar and walked out. I really thought it made things worse."

A voice in the doorway scared us both. We turned to find Izzy there, in her nightgown. "When Aunt Van said that stuff I went upstairs and looked it up. I know you told me not to, but it was all there, on the front page of a paper and everything. It talked about him bein' in jail and what he did to her and her unborn child. All I had to do was search both of their names."

We motioned for her to join us on the bed and Miranda scooted her body to the other side of me. We shuffled until Iz was between us. "You know you weren't supposed to do that anymore."

She shrugged again. "I had to know the truth. Then when I read it, I felt embarrassed." She looked really sad for a second. "Then I got sad because I knew I made dad leave. I made everybody hate me."

"Nobody hates you," I reminded her.

"It felt like they did. That's why I ran. I wanted to go where I couldn't hurt anyone else. I just wanted to be alone."

"Then you found me," I added.

She smiled. "When I saw your truck, I knew you couldn't leave me if I was in there waitin'."

We both hugged our daughter. "We never wanted you to come here. We just wanted you to be at home where you belong."

She held both of our hands, and as much as I enjoyed cuddling with my wife, I think neither of us would have traded her sleeping between us.

The three of us drove home the next morning, after Izzy apologized to her aunt and uncle for scaring them. I think Noah was the only one upset that she wasn't coming to stay with them.

I didn't know about Miranda, but I couldn't stop smiling. She cuddled next to me the whole way home, letting me sing the wrong words to all of her favorite songs.

Maybe we should have just given her space. Maybe she needed to hear everything.

We may not ever know exactly what brought her back to me, but she was there and I wasn't going to ever let her go again.

Everything got back to normal once we arrived in North Carolina. Izzy went to school as if nothing had ever happened. Her brothers welcomed her home by leaving fecal matter on their shared toilet seat and hitting her with a flying video game paddle.

After a black-eye and a huge welcome home dinner from her Mimi, we could tell that things were finally going to settle down. It had been so long since I was able to tuck her in at night. I almost hesitated before walking into her room.

She was sitting there waiting for me in her bed when I walked in. I tucked the covers around her and kissed her on the cheek. "You know, if you think you're too old for this, I'll be okay."

She laughed. "As long as you don't tell my friends, you can still do it."

We pinky promised.

When I turned off her light and started walking out, I heard one last thing that warmed my heart. "Dad, I love you."

I leaned against the doorframe, smiling. "Love you, too Iz.

Miranda was on the couch, waiting for a blow by blow of how it had went. I told her about our pinky promise and what Iz had said to me. She was so happy to hear it, after so much drama that kept us apart. She stood up and took my hand. "I know what you need, Mr. Mitchell."

"Oh really? I raised my brow and seemed interested. "What are you offering?"

"How about we get naked and get a nice hot bath, that may or may not lead to something more in the bed tonight."

I couldn't help myself. "Anal sex?"

She hit me up side the head. "Seriously?" Then she laughed. "I always know things are good with you when you start talkin' about bangin' me in the butt. Some things will never change."

I followed after her. "Baby, it's all in fun."

She turned and took off her top as we entered into the bathroom. "You let me do it to you first, and then I'll let you do it to me."

I shook my head, after considering it for less than two seconds. "Okay, missionary it is."

Epilogue

Isabella

6 1/2 years later

I looked around at the crowd of people, letting my eyes coast the audience until I found them. Getting tickets for everyone would have been hard, had I not been the valedictorian of my graduating class.

There they were, sitting right in the middle, where I should have known they'd be. My mother looked so proud and having all of my aunts and uncles there was pretty amazing too. I gave them a quick wave before adjusting the microphone.

My hands were shaking as I finally spotted the one person who could calm my heart and make everything disappear. Just before taking the stage, he'd pulled me to the side and told me to picture everyone in the audience, except for him, naked. It was hard to look out and not laugh, because obviously it was all I could think about.

"Thank you all for coming today. I feel truly blessed to be here, speaking on behalf of this year's graduating class. I've been advised by my peers to keep this short and sweet, so here it goes." I cleared my throat and then continued.

"As a child, I always enjoyed school and making new friends. I strived to do my best to make my family and myself proud. For most of my life, I've considered myself pretty adventurous. Without faith and family, most of us wouldn't be here today. After twelve years, maybe more for others, we've finally come to the end where some of us will go onto college and some find jobs immediately. From what I've been told, when we leave this celebration today, we're officially adults. I don't know about all of you, but I've been assuming I was an adult since I was a little girl. Just ask my family, who had to deal with me."

The crowd began to laugh and I paused, looking over at my dad, who was standing to the side giving me a thumbs up. I smiled and turned my attention back to the crowd.

"I've been thinking about what to say today, contemplating the funny over the serious. The last thing I want to do is stand here and bore you all to death, before you get to experience what's out there waiting for each and every one of you. I suppose I'm expected to offer advice, but your paths are up to each of you to decide."

I looked over at my dad, who put down the camera and wondered what I was stalling for. I folded the piece of paper and decided to wing it.

"Before I came out here today to give this speech, my dad pulled me to the side and told me to picture all of you naked, so excuse me for the moment of silence."

More people began to laugh and my dad winked.

"Look, whether you leave here today and get knocked up, or knock someone up, whether you go to college, or rob a liquor store, it's your decisions that will guide you to who you become. Make the right choices the first time and if you don't, learn from your mistakes. Follow your heart and be true to yourself. You've already accomplished something great by receiving your diploma today. Keep up the good work and good luck."

Before I could even finish, the crowd of students began flipping their caps into the air, celebrating that high school was officially over.

I left the stage heading over to the person closest to me. My dad put his camera in his pocket and pulled me into his arms. "That wasn't the speech you've been practicing for the past month."

I laughed. "I decided to just wing that shit."

He laughed with me. "You did great, Iz." My dad reached inside of my gown and pulled the chain that was hanging around my neck. He looked so taken back by what he saw. "I didn't know you still had this."

I looked down at the necklace that he'd given me when I was a little girl. I'd had to get a new chain for it to fit my neck, but I'd never gotten rid of something so special to me. "Dad, don't get all emotional on me today. I don't want my makeup to run."

He hugged me anyway. "I'm the happiest father alive, right now."

I smiled and looked up into his tear-filled eyes. "I love you, dad, but if my boyfriend sees you, he's going to think you're a softy."

My dad wiped his eyes and put on a tough face. I spotted the rest of the clan heading in our direction. He kissed the top of my head. "I'll still kick that boys ass, crying or not."

I gave him a funny look and shoved him gently. "You do know I'm going away to college with him. What are you going to do this fall?"

"Go to college with you, of course."

"Dad."

"Ok, fine. If you break up with him now, I won't have to break his legs before August. The choice is yours."

I put my hands on my hips, knowing there was no reasoning when it came to my dad and my boyfriend. In his eyes, no man would ever be good enough for me. I loved him for that. "I will call you every day and come home on the weekends."

My poor dad had the worst time accepting that I was grown up. If he had his choice, he'd lock me in a tower and throw away the key, just so I couldn't leave the farm. "I'm going to miss you, Iz. You're always going to be my little girl, no matter how old you are."

I hugged him again and whispered in his ear right before the family was upon us. "And you'll always be my daddy."

The End.

