Preface

Tyler

"Baby, just tell me what it says."

Miranda stood in the bathroom just staring at the little white stick. She knew I was bouncing off the walls in anticipation. I slid in behind her and reached my arms around her tiny waist. She tried to prevent me from seeing the results. "Would you just wait a sec? It takes time for the pee to get to the end of the stick."

I nestled my face into her neck, placing small kisses over her smooth skin. She smelled of peaches from some lotion she was trying out. I wasn't sure if it made me hungry, but I found myself wanting to lick her skin. "This is torture. Can't you hang the f**king thing upside down or something?"

"No, you can't taint the test. It needs to lay flat on the counter. Chill! It's three minutes!" She turned around and wrapped her arms around me, distracting me by slipping me her magic tongue.

Ha ha ha....She just said taint...

I knew what she was doing, so while I continued enjoying her kisses, I opened my eyes and tried to look past her. She caught me and pushed me against the bathroom wall, finally breaking her lips away from mine. "Hey?"

Miranda gave me those eyes she always gave when she was trying to get her way. Seduction was her specialty and her secret weapon. There was no need to restrain me, or tie me up; she had me at her disposal. If Miranda said jump, she knew I would do it. I'd do anything to make her happy.

It wasn't as bad as it sounded. Of course, Colt and Conner claimed I was totally pu**y whipped. The truth was that, I was crazy about my wife and my life. Miranda was my best friend before we had anything going on between us. In fact, it was our friendship that brought us together. It wasn't like I was her love slave or anything like that. I was just one hundred percent satisfied in every aspect of my life. No other woman could ever give me all the things that Miranda gave me, and for that, I was forever grateful.

Miranda got quiet as she looked down at the stick. She turned around and held it behind her back, preventing me from taking a look myself. "Baby, please. I am dying here."

She looked down to the floor, appearing disappointed. A knot formed in my stomach. "It's just the first month. You know we are goin' to keep tryin'. The doctor says it could take us a while."

It was important for me to keep her hopes up even if I was disappointed.

Damn, I wanted her to be pregnant.

I grabbed her chin and pulled it up so she was looking me in the eyes. Her sad eyes began to change as her lips curved into a huge smile.

No f**king way...

The knots started turning into butterflies again. I knew that look. I picked her up and spun her around our bathroom. She started screaming and smacking me on my back to let her down. I slowed the spin down and stood her up in front of me. "Say it. I want to hear you say it, Baby, please."

She backed up against the sink and ran one finger down my chest. "It's positive. I'm pregnant."

I don't even remember if I pulled her into my arms, or she pulled me, but our lips met with the best celebratory kiss that anyone had ever had. "Baby, I love you so much."

She giggled and tossed the stick into the trash. "I know you do."

I smacked her ass and reached into the trashcan. "Don't throw this away. I am carrying it in my pocket."

"Ty, that is disgustin'! It has my pee on it."

Several consecutive knocks on the bathroom door got our attention. We had been getting ready to leave for a weekend in Kentucky. Miranda was already brushing her teeth, in her bra and underwear when I opened the door. Izzy stood on the other side of the door. Her hands were on her hips as she looked up at me with those pretty blue eyes. "Can I help you?" I teased in a foreign accent.

"Daddy! When are we leaving? I want to play with Noah."

"Honey, you know Mommy takes forever to get ready." I felt a smack on my ass as I walked out of the bathroom toward Izzy.

I helped Iz get her bags together and loaded them into the car. She went running over to say goodbye to my parents, while I hurried back into the house.

Miranda came up behind me and grabbed the stick out of my pocket. "We aren't takin' this to Kentucky. We can't tell anyone for a while. You know we have to wait till I am further along."

Not what I wanted to hear. I was ready to run out the damn door screaming to the whole world that my wife was pregnant.

"How the hell do you expect me to keep a secret like this?"

She kissed me again and handed me a bag to carry. "Please, Babe. Just keep it between us for right now. Just to be safe."

"But I want to tell Iz."

Miranda rolled her eyes. "Tyler, seriously, can you please just keep it a secret between us?"

I grabbed the back of her pants as she was leaning down to pick up a bag. "Secrets suck. I want everyone to know my seed is inside of you."

She shook her head and started laughing. "This is going to be the longest nine months of my life."

"I have to tell Conner first." I was joking, but Miranda's eyes got huge anyway. She dropped the bag and shook her head. I pulled her into my arms and squeezed her tight. "I want everyone to know that you are carrying my spawn."

She reached up and kissed my nose. "If you tell my brother that your spawn is growin' inside of me, you may not live to see it being born."

"I ain't scared of his pu**y ass. They all know we were just waiting for the go-ahead from the doctor. Did they think I was going to just wait a while? Baby, I wanted to impregnate you since I first laid eyes on your naked body."

She started gathering up the bags again. "Can you please just not tell anyone? Not even Colt! Let's just get through this visit and when we go back for Van's shower we can tell everyone."

I rolled my eyes and stuck out my bottom lip. "But I want everyone to know." Even with her arms full of bags, I pulled her toward me. "Aren't you at least a little excited?"

Once again, the bags dropped and I felt her hands cupping my cheeks. She looked me straight in the eyes. "I have never wanted anything more than I want to have your baby, Ty. You are already the best father I could ask for and I know you love bein' one. I may not be runnin' around screamin', but I am so happy about this. My last pregnancy was rough. You have no idea how much I look forward to you bein' there for this with me. I just don't want to tell the family yet. Can't we just share this together for right now?"

Don't give me the puppy eyes......Don't do it!

I kneeled down in front of her and removed her shirt to expose her bare abdomen. My lips pressed against her stomach and I held them there. "Our little secret," I whispered. "Daddy loves you." I stood up and grabbed the bags out of my wife's hands, and stole a little peck. "I got these; now let's get on the road."

I was already a father, and a damn good one at that, but hearing that Miranda and I had created another addition to our family, well it was one of the happiest moments of my life. Izzy was going to have a brother or sister and Miranda and I were going to make our family even bigger.

My life used to be full of parties and fast times, like I was always trying to fill a void I could never figure out, but when I realized what that void was, I finally felt like I was complete.

My girls had given me happiness and our new addition was just going to make it even better.

Chapter 1

Miranda

In the first several months of my pregnancy, we had a bunch going on. After the Noah and Bella episode with the horses, we went back to Kentucky two more times, one being for Savanna's baby shower, which in turn was when she ended up going into labor.

Their little girl Christian was so beautiful. She had been born with one dimple on her right cheek that was almost so deep you could see it even when she wasn't smiling. We still weren't sure whether her eyes were going to be blue or green like Colt and Noah's, but either way, she was gorgeous. Her full head of dark hair never fell out and it continued to get longer.

Savanna had already had new family photos taken and her walls were covered in more pictures. We kept joking to Colt that he was soon going to have to build an addition just to house all of the pictures she had.

I didn't have much room to talk. Since getting married, my house was also filled with beautiful memories of our family. My favorite picture was the one of Ty and Bella from our ceremony at the barn. Every time I looked at it, I thought about those beautiful words he said to her on that day. I still don't know how I got so lucky and ended up with Ty, or how he had changed his entire life around for me and my little girl, but I was more than grateful.

Aside from Savanna, Ty was my very best friend. We didn't have secrets, unless they were some kind of sexual surprise to be discovered at a later time. We talked about everything, sometimes still staying up into the wee hours of the night.

In fact, I loved just hanging out with Ty when nobody was around. I loved that if he was close, he was always touching me. He'd play with my fingers, stroke my skin, or kiss me in random places. Just one touch from him sent a scorching fire into my heart. His love for me was obvious and it was something I never had experienced before.

Even though Bella had her own room, she still liked to sneak in bed with us every now and again. Of course, my husband had a problem with telling her 'no', so she knew she could get away with it, if he was around. I'd often wake up with her sideways between us. It was hard considering I had to stand up to style hair all day with a sore back. One benefit was that Ty would always give me one of his famous massages, which in turn would become a passionate night of love making.

Speaking of love making, I had started to prefer it over our quickies and rough adventures. Don't get me wrong, Ty and I loved to get freaky, but there was something so intense when we came together emotionally. There had been several times, even before I was pregnant, where we had finished and I couldn't stop crying. I was just so darn happy to connect with him like that.

Waking up next to someone that intently loves you, is something that can't be described. Ty was everything to me and the longer we were together, the more I loved him.

Since we had built on to our house, we had plenty of room for my brother to move in with us. I was very reluctant at first, considering the state he was in, but he was my brother and we knew that moving him away from that life would help get him straight.

I couldn't help but blame myself a little bit for Conner's actions. He and I had never been apart and for most of our lives, he had been my very best friend. I didn't hang out with other girls; in fact, they never really cared for me much. It didn't help that I found it as my life's mission to steal their boyfriends all of the time. I'd done some horrible things, but Conner always had my back, even when he knew I was in the wrong.

The issues with him were no different. He needed me and I felt it was my obligation to be there.

Originally, Ty had given Conner his old room in his parent's house, but after the first week, he started staying in our guest room. He was homesick, I could tell, because he clung to me like we were the only survivors of an Apocalypse. With having a job, a daughter and a husband, the clinginess got old real quick.

I don't think Ty would ever be jealous of me spending time with Conner, I mean our whole lives we had been considered family, as weird as that may sound, but it was more like he missed me. Ty did such a good job keeping his jokes to a minimum, especially the first few weeks Conner stayed with us. To say that I was worried about that would have been an understatement. Sometimes Ty got out of control with his bantering and it fueled Connor up every single time.

Izzy enjoyed her uncle being around, and because he wasn't caught up in his normal social life, he had extra time for her.

For the first couple of weeks he was constantly on his cell phone, managing his Facebook page, texting his friends and even talking to a few girls on the phone. He was a grown man, so I had no right to act all bossy about it. I wasn't that type of person anyway.

Instead, I let him do his own thing, knowing he needed the time to adjust. Besides Ty and me, his only friend in North Carolina was Brina, if that was what he would call her. He hadn't been with us for a whole weekend before she started showing up. At first, she and Conner would go somewhere else, but we woke one morning to her walking around in his clothes.

It wasn't just that I didn't care for Brina, Ty hated her. She had been a bitch to him since they were kids; fighting with him over Van like she was an object. After spending time with her during Van and Colt's nuptials, I really got a good taste of the person she was. Brina was a selfish girl who had every intention of having a relationship with my brother. She thought she had an advantage of being the only chick he knew. She was wrong.

When I came out of that bedroom and saw her in my living room, I wanted to pounce on her. She had no right to be in our house, especially after several comments she made about my husband just days prior.

Once she finally went home that day, and I got Ty to stay out of it, I sat down and talked to my brother. Of course, he made me feel like the bad guy, claiming he had no other friends. The truth was that he and Ty were friends, he just hated that Ty would rather stay home with Bella and I, instead of going out to party at bars. I guess Conner and Ty used to be on the same page as far as their lives were concerned. After he and I hooked up, it changed him, completely. Conner couldn't handle the change, not when he knew how Ty had wandering eyes when he was with Van. I think he held that against him. He loved Ty; he just couldn't understand him any longer.

I'd invited several of my co-workers over to the house to hang out, even when she was there. After meeting a few of them, he started hanging out with them and some of their friends. Most of them all knew Ty, being that we lived in a small town, so we could keep tabs on Conner, even if he did go out.

For a while, I felt like his babysitter; always making sure he ate right, worked enough hours and went to bed at a decent hour. There were many times where he called me a nag, among other things, causing a verbal confrontation between him and Ty as a result.

I was now reaching my fifth month of pregnancy and was already starting to wonder how much longer I could continue to work on my feet. I will never forget going into that doctor's office and finding out that our little peanut was actually two peanuts.

We walked into that cold room and I got all changed out of my clothes. Ty was wearing his mechanic uniform, since our appointment was during our lunch break. He stood at my side as the doctor came in and got the monitor on to do the first sonogram. He had been itching to see a picture of the baby for the past five months, but we didn't have the best insurance and it only allowed for two throughout the pregnancy.

With my husband being unable to keep a secret, we were also finding out the sex. He had names picked out, but refused to tell them to me until he knew what it was going to be. I had made the mistake of telling him that he could pick out the names this time around, since he obviously didn't have a say with Bella.

With the anticipation in the room being so intense I was ready to puke, I watched the monitor as the doctor rubbed the wand over my already growing belly. In a matter of seconds we heard a gasp followed by an "Oh my".

I looked to Ty, who seemed as worried as me. "What is it? Is something wrong with the baby?"

My doctor shook her head. "No, nothing is wrong with the babies."

For a moment time stood still. Ty's hold on my hand became loose and he looked down at me, and then turned toward the doctor. "Wait a minute...did you just say...I'm sorry, but did you just say babies...like plural?" Ty's rambling made me look straight at the doctor.

She smiled and nodded her head, while she got the position on the monitor and pointed to two separate little peanuts. "You're having twins. Congratulations."

I put my hand up to my mouth and started crying and laughing at the same time. When I felt no reaction from Ty, I squeezed his hand to grab his attention. He had been still staring at the screen. "Babe, are you okay?"

"She said twins." He spoke like the doctor wasn't in the room anymore.

"Mr. Mitchell do you need to sit down?" She asked him.

He shook his head, while wetness formed in his eyes, before bending down to kiss me. As he pulled away, he had a huge grin on his face. "We're having twins."

I let out a cackle. "I heard." We looked back at the screen and watched as she looked at both of the little babies growing inside of me.

"This one here is a boy." The doctor pointed to the screen. I heard an air filled laugh come out of Ty as we both awaited the second result. "And it looks like this one is also a boy."

Ty just stood there staring at the screen. "Twin boys. Holy shit, Miranda, we're having twin boys." He leaned down and planted his lips on mine. "I told you I had super sperm, Baby."

Aside from the super sperm comment, Ty did the best he could to contain himself. He made it out to the parking lot before notifying the entire family of our unexpected addition. Of course, I was pretty sure if he could have alerted the media, we would have been on the evening news when we arrived home that night.

We were still so excited from our news that I had forgotten to ask him about the name until I was climbing out of the car to head back into the salon. I leaned down and reached my body into the driver's side for my kiss goodbye. "I love you."

Ty kissed me twice before he spoke. "Can you believe this shit? We're having f**king twins."

"If they both weigh ten pounds I am going to kill you."

He started laughing. "If your ass gets fat, I will still want to hit it, if that's what you're worried about."

I smacked him on the shoulder. "Ty can you be serious? I was talking about the size of them coming out of me."

"Once the first one comes out the other one will just slide behind him." He seemed confident that he knew everything about childbirth. We shouldn't have let him in the room when Christian was born. Now he thought he knew as much as the doctors.

"Now that we know what we're having, do I get to name one of the boys?" I hadn't even considered being able to name this one and refused to get my hopes up about names. Ty knew I had wanted Bella to be named Jacob, but he insisted it was his turn.

He startled me when he climbed out of the car and grabbed my hand. "What are you doing?"

He pulled us into the salon and got my bosses attention. "Amy, I need you to clear my wife's schedule for the day. Is it possible?"

Amy was the best boss ever. She had given me a chance when I thought I would never have one. It was my job that helped me stay with Ty so long ago. She had done so much for me and our friendship had grown because of my appreciation for her.

Amy worked her ass off for her family, while her deadbeat husband refused to hold a job. He preferred getting drunk and lying around in his tighty whities all day. Amy would work ten hours a day, sometimes even more, to avoid going home to him. She had even taken on his daughter from a previous marriage. She was sixteen and loved playing with Bella. The thing was, her husband Rick was overbearing. There were a few times where Ty and I had even suspected that she was being abused. I had confronted her on several occasions, and each of them resulted in her giving me the silent treatment for days on end. I cared about her and her safety. I knew firsthand what it was like to be abused by a man.

Amy gave us a welcomed smile. "Is something wrong?" She seemed truly concerned, which I appreciated since she and I were so close.

"Not unless having TWINS is a big deal."

Even the clients having their hair done gave us congratulatory comments.

"So, I was thinking she should take the day off and relax, in fact, I was hoping that she could start working a few hours a day instead of eight. Would that be alright? She keeps getting tired and I need her to be taken care of. She could be carrying the next Peyton and Eli Manning."

I rolled my eyes, wondering if my husband was more concerned about my well being or his potential football star sons. At any rate, the room filled with laughter. Of course it did...we were talking about Ty.

"I don't see why we can't arrange for that to happen. It will take us about a week to get the schedule straight. I can take her afternoon appointments today if that's alright?"

Once we got that all situated, Ty called his boss and told him he wasn't coming back. They exchanged a few inside jokes before finally hanging up. We both had the coolest bosses and were lucky about that.

Bella was in school for a little while longer, so Ty took us to a restaurant outside of town. We sat down and he grabbed my hands. "Have I told you how much I love you today?"

"Not in the past hour." I didn't keep track, but I never forgot when he said those words to me. They still melted my heart.

"Forever, Baby, I love you forever. God, I can't wait to tell Iz."

We ordered our food and when the waitress left, I grabbed his hands again. Well, actually he stuck both hands on the table with his palms up and motioned for me to hold them. "Are you scared about having two instead of one?"

"Baby, I am having twin sons. We already have the most perfect daughter. As long as I have you, I know we can handle two little Ty's."

"So is that the name you want? Tyler?"

He grinned a kind of half smile. "Nope. Actually, I have an idea that I want to run by you."

I was still focused on his grin. Sometimes it was hard for even me to tell whether Ty was being serious or not. "Lay it on me."

"What about Jackson and Jacob? We can call them Jax and Jake for short and they are both strong football names. I can hear it now. 'Starting quarterbacks Jax and Jake Mitchell'.

Oh, for the love of God, help me.

After I laughed at him, he seemed to get his serious face back on. The truth was, I loved the names and the fact that he had picked one of my favorites. "I love them, both of them. They're perfect, Babe."

He pulled both of my hands to his mouth and kissed them. "Perfect just like their mother."

Chapter 2

Tyler

After finding out our news, we planned a surprise trip to Kentucky. I could hardly wait to celebrate with the family in person. Miranda seemed to be just as excited as I was. Conner even seemed excited. He opted to stay at our place since we had a shipment of cattle that had just arrived. He needed to make sure the fences were secure and everything was in order. If something were to happen, my father and Harvey wouldn't be able to handle things themselves.

We packed up my Jeep and got on the road early on a Friday night. Izzy was so excited to tell Noah about having two brothers instead of one. I was surprised she hadn't asked to video chat with him before we left. Savanna and Miranda had this schedule where they cooked dinner at the same times every night during the week. They would get the kids set up on the computers and they would chat with each other while the women could cook without being disturbed.

I'd usually help out Conner and my dad when I got home from the shop at night. Miranda hated it, but once dinner was ready, I never went out and took away from our family time together.

Living with Conner was tough. I suppose living with anyone would be, but he and I just bumped heads too much. He had a problem with me wanting to be with my girls all of the time. I don't know if he was just jealous, or a total douche bag in general.

Our last few visits to the ranch were full of drama. Between Conner being out of control and the kids being lost in the worst storm Kentucky had seen in years, then Savanna going into labor, I wasn't looking forward to going back for a while.

Things had really changed for Miranda and me at home and we liked being there. Our house went from being a tiny box, to a pretty nice size. My father, Colt, Conner and me had turned the old part of the carriage house into three more bedrooms and a bathroom. We raised the ceilings in the original house part and even rearranged the original floor plan.

Last year, during the construction, we had to move in with my parents. Just living under the same roof as them made me work even harder to get our place done. Miranda got all weird about sleeping with me in my parents' house. She refused to even get a shower while we were in the bathroom together. I tried to explain that we were married and they really didn't care, but she wouldn't listen.

After three months of living in my parents' house, we were able to move back into half of the house, until the rest was complete.

Since we finished, Izzy had her own wing that consisted of a bedroom, playroom and bathroom. She didn't seem to mind her uncle Conner living with us, but was a bit more upset about losing her playroom to two little baby brothers. We had added three bedrooms, so eventually the kids would all have their own rooms, for the time being, the twins were going to share a room.

At any rate, visiting Kentucky just made me miss being at our house, comfortable and together.

Miranda was getting big quick, due to carrying two babies instead of one. To me, it didn't matter how big she got, I found her to still be the sexiest woman on the planet. She wore little dresses with leggings on most days, since they were so comfortable.

Every night I would rub her back, her feet, or whatever else she complained were hurting. During our very long car ride, she complained of being stiff. We stopped three times for her to adjust and pee. I didn't know what she was going to do when she got further along. Her bladder had gone to shit. In fact, one night we were watching television and she was sitting on my lap. She sneezed and peed all over me.

I thought it was hysterical, but she got all bent out of shape over it. I wish she knew that I could never love her any less. My little boys were growing inside of her. I would never make fun of her for that.

We got about twenty minutes away from the ranch and Izzy was pitching a fit for something to eat. It was hard to tell a four year old that we needed to wait thirty minutes. She just didn't understand time yet.

"Daddy, please!"

I turned to look at Miranda who had this dumbass neck pillow wrapped around her face. "Baby, is it alright if we just stop and eat now?"

She sat up and looked over at me. "I'm kinda hungry, so yeah, that would be fine."

We pulled into a fast food joint about five minutes later. Izzy probably wasn't that hungry, but every damn time we passed a billboard with a fast food picture on it, she claimed to be just dying for something to eat.

Since Miranda and Izzy both had to use the bathroom, I went and stood in line for our food. They both ordered the same thing everywhere we went, so I always knew what to get them. It was an average crowd of people standing in line and I was about three people from ordering when I felt my daughter plow into the back of my leg. I could see the ladies room door from where I was standing and looked up not noticing Miranda. "Hey, where's Mommy?"

"There was only one stall and she wanted me to tell you she wants a milkshake. She told me to run right to you."

I patted her on the head and moved forward one spot. The lady standing in the line next to us kept checking us out, more than someone would normally stare. I tried to act like I wasn't noticing, but it was kind of creeping me out.

Finally when I was about to get all defensive for the way she was watching my child, she leaned down and started speaking to her. "You are a very pretty little girl."

Izzy grabbed my hand and clung to my side as she eyed the woman up. Not wanted to cause a scene, I patted her on the head. "Say thank you, Sweetie."

"Thank you," She said quietly.

"What's your name?" The lady asked.

Now this lady looked like she meant no harm. She had curly gray hair, all of her teeth and continued to acknowledge me as well as Iz. I had no reason to feel threatened by her presence.

Izzy looked up at the woman. "Bella, but Daddy calls me Izzy."

"Is that short for Isabella?"

I smiled at the woman and felt someone come up at my side. I turned to see Miranda and she was not happy. "We need to leave RIGHT NOW!"

I looked toward the woman, then back to Miranda. "We haven't got our food yet. What is the matter? Are you sick?"

"No, Ty, Please listen to me. Please can we just go," she begged. She was grabbing me by the arm and pushing Izzy behind her, shielding her from the woman's view.

Before I could react, the woman began speaking. "Hello, Miranda."

I had no idea she knew Miranda, but it started to make sense when I looked into my wife's eyes. Miranda was afraid and I needed to get them the hell away from this woman, whoever she was.

"Ain't you gonna say hello?" The woman put her hands on her hips and looked from Iz to Miranda. When she bent down to address my daughter, I felt Miranda throwing herself in between us.

"I have nothing to say to you and neither does my husband or our daughter. Leave us alone!" Miranda and I drug a screaming child out of the food place as fast as we could. Once we all were in the car safe and pulling away, I reached over and rubbed Miranda's back as she hunched over and began crying.

"Baby, what is going on? Who the he....." I looked back at Iz and remembered I was trying not to use profanity. "Who was that?"

She shook her head and refused to speak. I knew she needed to calm down before she could tell me and as much as I wanted to know, I knew it was best to wait. I got about a mile down the road and pulled into another place to eat. Once I had the car turned off, we just sat there in silence.

"Daddy, can we eat here? I want some chicken nuggets. Why couldn't we eat at the last place? Were they out of chicken nuggets?"

"Yeah, Sweetie, they were out of nuggets. Just sit tight and let Mommy calm down. I'm going to get you dinner."

I went to climb out of the car and Miranda grabbed my arm. "Ty, please don't leave me."

I closed the door and grabbed her hand. "Baby, I'm never going to leave you. What is going on?"

"That was his mother, Ty."

"Whose mother?"

In an almost whisper I heard my wife say the name we promise to never say. "Tucker."

Before I could comment, or comfort, Izzy started talking from the backseat. "Who is Tucker?"

Just hearing that name come out of her mouth was like being punched in the face, no, it was more like having someone rip my heart out of my chest. I hated lying to her, but she was mine. That little girl was all mine and there wasn't anyone that could tell me any different. I wanted to be the one to answer, but Miranda beat me to it.

"He was a very bad man that hurt your Aunt Van a long time ago. He died."

"Why are you crying? Is it because he is dead?" My knee started to shake as I tried so hard to keep my composure, but the more questions Iz asked, the more it was ripping me apart.

"No, Sweetie. He was a very bad man. He was even in jail. Mommy is crying because I am just so tired and my back is really hurting me. Your little brothers keep kicking Mommy, making me uncomfortable."

I had to give it to Miranda, her quick thinking made Iz forget all about the sore subject. Within seconds, we were all ordering at the drive thru and on our way to the safety of the Mitchell Ranch. While Miranda tried to eat something, I never let go of my hold on her leg. My food could get cold and even hard, I just didn't care. Miranda was my priority.

I knew once we got with our family we wouldn't have time to talk about what happened until we were going to sleep.

It bothered me.

We'd never had a single issue with anyone from Tucker's family, in fact, from the time Iz was born, none of them had anything to do with her. When we gave Iz my last name, it was just assumed that nobody would ever even ask who her father was. As far as everyone knew, she was mine.

We pulled into Van and Colt's place and they came running out to greet us. Miranda calmed down some when she saw them heading toward us. I gave her a squeeze before we opened the door. "I love you, Baby. I will never let anything happen to our family, you hear me?"

She shook her head and squeezed my hand. "I know, Ty."

Noah opened the back door and Izzy went flying out of the car with him. I jumped out and ran over to Miranda's side. She was already standing up hugging Colt. "Look at your belly. I can't believe its twins." Colt rubbed her stomach and then took Christian from Van so she could hug Miranda.

I reached around her waist and hugged her at the same time, lifting her up off the ground when she pulled away from my wife. "We missed you so much!" Van had a love-hate relationship with my sarcasm. There were times where she couldn't get enough of it, then other times when I was sure she wanted to kill me.

I reached my arms out for Christian and she reached back. "Hey pretty girl. Uncle Ty missed you." Her dimple was so adorable. Since we were older and all so close, it was easier for the kids to call the adults 'aunt and uncle'. "Did you hear that you are going to have two cousins to play with, in a few more months? That's right!" My baby voice caused everyone to stop talking to each other and watch me. "What? She loves it. Don't you?" I kissed her on her head before following everyone into the house.

Izzy and Noah had already run inside, so there was no need to look back and worry what they were getting into. They both had reason to never want to play outside in the dark and I think we were all okay with that.

I loved being with my family and shortly the house filled with my mother in law and my aunt, but all I could think about was Miranda. I could sense she was on edge and all I could do was pretend to be tired so I could finally have a second of alone time to make sure she was alright.

Chapter 3

Miranda

To say that I was a little freaked out would have been an understatement. That woman was someone that I never wanted to see again. Her son had destroyed my family and caused us pain and loss. I was glad that he was dead and couldn't harm anyone ever again. He'd gotten everything he deserved.

When I saw her looking down at my little girl, I felt like I wanted to kill the woman myself. There was no part of me that felt sorry for her not knowing her grandchild. I knew for a fact that she had something to do with Van's kidnapping and the loss of her baby. That woman was evil with a capital E.

As excited as I had been about seeing my family and celebrating the news of Ty and I expecting twins, all I could think about was that woman. Her wicked grin haunted me and caused me to be unable to focus on anything else.

I knew Ty sensed it. I could feel him watching me with his concerned eyes. He knew me too well to be able to hide my feelings from him. We were too close, too good of friends to not sense something was bothering one of us. Usually I loved that about our relationship, but for the first time, I wanted to run away and hide. A part of me wanted to drive home as fast as we could get there. I needed my daughter to be safe from that evil woman.

Maybe I was just jumping the gun, but I couldn't help but feel that we had just opened up a can of worms. The last thing I wanted to do was upset the rest of my family over something that was probably just my overactive imagination. I just couldn't shake this gut feeling that something bad was going to happen. I knew my hormones had a way of making my mind wander. In fact, the past few nights I had woken up after having terrible nightmares.

I hated that feeling of waking up and wondering if what just happened in my mind had really happened. No matter what time it was, I would get up and check on Bella and even Ty before letting myself go back to sleep.

Sometimes, the dreams would seem so real that I couldn't even get back to sleep. Here recently, I had been dreaming of Ty having a hot affair with some mystery woman.

We spent all of our free time together. He never hid his phone or even gave the slightest impression that he would ever be interested in being with someone else, but it still made me feel insecure. Several times, he woke up to me crying. At first, I didn't even have the heart to tell him what they were about, but as they continued, I found myself needing to be reassured of his love and devotion to me.

Ty was the perfect husband. His support and friendship was something I treasured, so telling him that my dreams were haunting me like they were, really seemed to hurt his feelings.

After what happened earlier, I knew the last thing Ty wanted to do was be around our family without knowing what I was so worried about.

He'd passed a couple hints that he was exhausted from the ride and I read into what he was doing. Feeling exhausted from completely unrelated reasons, we headed to the main house, leaving Bella to spend the night with Noah.

Once we got in the car, Ty couldn't wait any longer. "Baby, please tell me what is going on? I realize seeing that old bitch has stirred up some anxiety, but you are really starting to freak me the f**k out."

Since we were just traveling down the old dirt road that led to the main house, I wasn't buckled into my seatbelt. I slid over toward him and rested my head on his shoulder. "I can't shake the feelin' that her seein' us isn't goin' to cause some kind of problem for the family."

"What could she possibly do? I think you were just caught off guard and your hormones are making you crazy. Miranda, you and I both know that Izzy has my name. That woman has no say in anything. She can't do anything to us, or our daughter." Ty seemed like he was on edge over it too, even though he wasn't letting on to it, I could sense he was also concerned.

The only issue was that, in the state of Kentucky, the only way to add a father to the birth certificate after it had been issued was to prove paternity, and we knew Ty could never do that. Changing her name was easy and only I had to sign for that, but it broke Ty's heart he could never be on that piece of paper. He mentioned one time that one day Bella would ask him about it and he didn't know what he would tell her. I wanted that to be up to him. Ty was her one and only father. No paper or test could ever change it.

"Maybe, you're right. Maybe it is just this pregnancy making me crazy. As far as everyone is concerned, Bella is yours. I'm sorry I freaked out so bad."

He took his hand and ran it up my leg. "Baby, I would die before I let anyone hurt you or Iz. I would never let anything happen to our family. You are my reason for breathing. If you hurt, I hurt. You know this."

I shook my head, even though he was looking forward, driving us through the dark wooded part of the lane. "You're right, Babe. I just never wanted to see that woman again."

"Can you calm down now and enjoy our weekend? Did you see how excited everyone was that we are having twin boys? God, Miranda, I can't even explain how happy I am. Our life is so f**king perfect."

He was right. Our life was perfect and it would have been stupid for me to dwell on that woman. She had nothing to do with our life. My daughter was safe and she had the only father she would ever know. Aside from it breaking Ty's heart, I knew that I would never tell her the truth. Our family was sworn to secrecy, and the only way Bella would ever have to know the truth was if it became a life threatening situation. Still, with her biological father being dead, the chances of other family coming forward was next to none. Our secret was safe and buried and that is where it needed to stay.

The house was dark when we got inside, so we just carried our things up to my old room and started getting settled. Ty stripped down to his boxers and went into the bathroom to brush his teeth. I was surprised when I heard the bathtub running, so I walked in to see what was going on. Bubbles were starting to fill up the tub and my husband turned around with a smile. "I know you can't get a hot bath, so I made the water just warm enough. You don't have to stay in very long, but I think you need to relax a little bit."

Candles were lit around the room and I had no idea where he had even found a lighter or pack of matches. The candles had always been in there for decorations and fragrance. The smell of lavender filled my nostrils as I approached Ty's open arms. "This is really nice."

"Say you will take a bath and relax." He started lifting off my shirt before I could respond. Once it was over my head, he ran his hands over my belly and pressed his lips on it, kissing in several different places. "My babies need their mommy to stay calm and healthy."

"I will take a bath, but only if you join me."

While still in his boxers, Ty stood up and jumped right into the tub. Water began to splash everywhere. "Any other requests?" He sat there with his arms out again, waiting for me to join him.

"Take off the boxers."

He did as I asked and I watched them get tossed toward his other clothes. From being wet, they made a splash sound when they came to rest on the tile floor.

I took my time pulling down my pants and stepping out of them. Ty was still watching me, waiting for me to respond to him. The only thing more that I needed was to be close to him. I wanted his hands on me in the worst way; holding me tight and protecting me from my own wandering mind.

He held one of my hands while I climbed into the tub. Since my belly was getting big, I slid in front of him, with my back against his chest. Ty was right, the water was just the perfect temperature. The doctors said that getting hot baths wasn't good for the baby because it fluctuates the body temperature too much. Of course, I had one of those husbands who went by the book as far as my pregnancy went.

Ty made sure he got rid of any type of caffeine we had in the house. He switched everything to decaf. We hardly drank soda, so it was mostly teas and coffees. He made sure that we had a vegetable every night at dinner, even though I was usually the one to cook. Every morning when he woke up, he would get me a glass of water so that I could take my prenatal vitamins. In the evenings, we would do stretching exercises and once I was totally worn out, he would rub cocoa butter all over my belly and back.

He pampered me, I was fully aware, but I never asked him to do any of it. It was almost like he wanted to do it. Even when I expected him to stop after a while, he never did.

I felt his arms reaching around and ending up on my belly. He guided me back so I was pressed against his body. His lips brushed the back of my neck and then my shoulder. Chills ran down my legs from just feeling his breath blowing on my skin. Ty brought his lips to my ear and kissed the skin right behind it. "Tell me you love me," he whispered.

I kept my eyes closed. "You know I do."

"Please say it." Another kiss touched my skin.

I moved my hands down to his thighs and started moving each one towards the inside of them. "I love you, Ty. I love you more than I have ever loved another man." He asked this often and when I asked why, he would just say that sometimes he needed to hear it.

"Do you trust me, Baby?"

My eyes remained shut as his hands slid up my belly and began circling my br**sts with what felt like soap. "With my life."

His fingers pinch my ni**les at the same time, sending a scorching flame between my legs. When his hands disappeared, I opened my eyes, searching for them. He grabbed the pink poof ball off the edge and lathered it up, before sliding it between my legs. "Just relax. Know that I will never let anything hurt us, Miranda." He drug the poof ball full of soap between my legs. It was rough and at first, it was uncomfortable, but as he continued to rub me, the friction began to turn me on. "Does it feel good?"

His breath against my ear was making my ni**les hard as they protruded out of the bubbles. The more he rubbed me, the more he pinched on one of them. It hurt and felt good at the same time. When he slowed down his pace, I could feel him smiling against my neck. He was teasing me. "Don't stop. Please don't stop."

"Mmmm, are you begging me?"

Ty pulled both hands away from me and laughed as I sat there quietly waiting for their return.

I turned around to face him and he was still smiling. "Stand up."

"What? Why did you stop?" I was whining, but I was hot and bothered. I needed him to finish what he started.

"Will you just stand up and face the other direction?"

I started to stand up, not because I wanted to though. Ty took his hands and ran them up both of my legs. I couldn't see his face, but could feel him sliding closer toward where I was standing. One leg at a time, he focused on washing me. His big hands worked each of the muscles as I stood there trying not to moan too loudly, because it felt like heaven. As his hands got closer to my inner thighs, I began to anticipate his fingers just as they began to glide over my sex. As he touched me there, he pulled away. His slippery hands headed for both of my ass cheeks and he squeezed them into his hands.

Now, with Ty, I could never figure out whether he was more obsessed with my ass or my br**sts. On several occasions, even he couldn't make up his mind. As the soap coated both of my cheeks, I felt his lips kissing the back of one of my legs. Of course, I just stood there, closing my eyes, trying to control my balance. After at least three minutes had passed and I knew I literally had the cleanest ass in the whole state of Kentucky, Ty's hands slid around my body until both sets of his fingers traced along both sides of my pu**y.

Since I got waxed, his fingers sliding over my smooth skin tickled, making me shudder. When he felt my reaction, he slowly spun me around to face him. He grabbed one of my hands and slowly pulled me down to kneel in front of him. The bigger my belly got, the more unattractive I felt, but Ty never led on that my size bothered him, in fact, he touched me even more.

Before pulling me toward him, he ran his hands over my belly again and looked intently into my eyes. "I don't think you know what you do to me. Nothing compares to you, Miranda. Nothing compares to the way I feel about you."

I know exactly how you feel, because I feel the same about you.

As much as his words meant to me, I needed him to touch me. My body was calling him in. "Show me."

Ty grabbed at my hips and slid me down over his very hard erection. Him being hard was never a problem. Most of the time all I had to do was walk in front of him. I often wondered how he had contained himself being around me before we were together. I know being near him, and mostly smelling him, made me crazy for him.

Our first kiss started out slow. His lips were full and I loved how soft they were when they pressed against mine. Ty loved it when I nibbled on his lips while we kissed. He especially liked it when I pulled his lips away with my teeth, but tonight wasn't that kind of night. I needed Ty's comforting hands to touch me, to hold me and remind me that our life was safe.

His tongue made contact with mine and I got butterflies in my stomach. The babies started moving all around, and I knew he could feel it with my belly pressed against his the way it was. I felt him smiling as we continued to kiss. "My boys are saying hello. We need to get you out of this water."

Are you kidding me? I need you right now...

Ty climbed out of the tub first, his erection never shrinking as it hit the cold air. I couldn't help but stare. I knew exactly what I wanted to do. When he caught me looking, I heard him laughing and looked up. "Don't worry, you can have it once I get you dried off."

I started shaking my head and laughing as he approached me with a clean towel. "I never said I wanted it," I teased.

He leaned into my neck and drug his lips up my skin. "You didn't need to say anything."

My breathing increased as his voice vibrated off of my skin. He blew out the candles and made the room darker. I watched him drop his towel and start walking toward my bedroom. I kept the towel wrapped around my body as I followed behind him, just as he probably expected me to do.

Ty was sitting on the edge of the bed. He lifted his hands with his palms up. I let the towel drop and placed my hands into his. "Do you remember the time I caught you off guard and you were in your bra?" He kissed my jaw.

I closed my eyes and imagined that night. It was a horrible night, but knowing Ty was there for me, made me smile. I kept my eyes closed. "I told you to get out."

He kissed my neck and wrapped his arms around my waist. "I told you that it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before." He placed gentle kisses across my collar bone.

"I still wanted you to leave." I ran my hands through his hair. It was much shorter since we had been together and he was finally letting me cut it.

"You had the nicest br**sts I had ever seen in my life." One of his hands came up and cupped my breast. "I tried so hard not to want you that way." He bit down on my nipple, causing my head to fall back as I accepted the pleasure he was giving me. "The way your ass looked in those jeans." He stuck my breast in his mouth and sucked hard. "You were begging me to look at you."

I could feel the heat scorching me between my legs. I was hot just thinking about him looking at me back then when he wasn't supposed to. "I needed your opinion."

His mouth pulled away from my br**sts and he slowly came back to kiss my nipple once more. He looked up into my eyes as he did it. I could barely keep my eyes open to watch him. "I should have told you how I really felt back then. I should have said how I wanted to bend you over and f**k you myself."

"I wouldn't have let you." I said it confidently, but knowing what I know now, I wasn't sure I would have resisted him after just one kiss.

He pulled me by my chin down to his mouth. His tongue teased mine, before letting them touch. Our lips were in sync as we kissed. "I don't believe you."

Ty stood up and sat my body down on the bed. He kneeled down in front of me and kissed one of my knees. His hair was disheveled and was starting to dry. I couldn't help but touch it again. "I would have said no."

His hands slid toward my inner thighs and he didn't stop either of them as they traced over the lips of my sex. "You would have been lying."

We stared at each other, even as his finger entered me. I let out a gasp and closed my eyes. I couldn't answer him, even though I knew he was right. I think a part of me always wanted Ty, even when I saw him as a cheater. I wanted the bad guy and he knew it now.

He pulled his finger out, causing me to look down at him. "Stop closing your eyes. Watch me pleasing you and tell me you would have stopped me."

Oh my f**king God!

My breathing increased as I tried my hardest to keep my eyes open. From the moment his fingers started moving inside of me again, I could feel how slick I had become. Ty never took his eyes off me. His other hand traced circular patterns over my thigh. "If I would have stayed in your room that night. If I would have reached my arms around your waist. If I would have kissed your neck? Tell me you would have stopped me, Miranda." His lips teased mine again, while never leaving my stare. "Tell me," he whispered against my lips.

His finger was going faster and with his lips touching mine, it was so hard to keep my eyes open. It felt so good. I closed my eyes, feeling like I couldn't hold on. "I...."

"Open your eyes, Baby."

He teased me with his tongue again and I felt my muscles starting to tighten. "Oh God! I wouldn't have Ty." He kept his fingers inside of me until my body started to relax. I felt his hands sliding up my belly before I could even open my eyes again. I was still trying to catch my breath.

When he kissed me again, he held his lips against mine. "I did the right thing walking away that night. We needed to be more before we took that step. I wanted you to only picture me when I first touched you, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't think about coming back in this room. After the alcohol and seeing you half naked, I would have been a fool to not want you."

I could feel his erection pressing against my leg. I laid my back down on the bed as Ty grabbed my legs and wrapped them around his waist. He didn't have to reach down to put his hard c**k in place, because it slid right into my wetness. Ty held onto my legs as he thrusted himself in and out of me. I watched the sweat starting to form on his chest as he continued to pick up the pace. I reached for his hands and placed mine over his as I felt him coming. He held me still while he regained his own composure.

Once we cleaned up and climbed under the covers, Ty pulled me close and kissed my belly. He kissed me full on the lips and buried his head into my hair as he stroked my fingers. "I didn't want to want you back then, but you kept teasing me with your beauty, leaving me curious enough to never stop wondering."

"I was afraid that I would just be some one-nighter for you. It's all I thought you would want. It's all anyone else ever wanted." It was so embarrassing to admit that. I wasn't proud of my past, but Ty never once judged me for it, or loved me any less.

He spooned us together and held onto my belly. "That's because I was your only forever," Ty said confidently. "They couldn't have what was always meant to be mine."

Did he practice these lines?

"You've become a sap and where do you come up with these lines? Are you reading my magazines again?"

He started laughing against my back. "You made me be one and I only read them at work." He moved my hair so his face could touch my neck. I knew he was joking about the magazines. The only ones in that dirty bathroom were p**n os. "Seriously, it took me being completely alone to realize what I wanted more than anything in the world. I had nothing until you came back into my life. Even after being married for more than two and a half years, I still miss you when I'm working and I can't wait to be with you. I love talking to you, and touching you. I love our daughter and those two little boys growing inside of you. I love this life we have. Nothing will ever come between us, Miranda. I promise you that."

"I'm not complaining. I love you for this life we have. You work so hard for our family. I don't know how I ever deserved this."

Ty brought one of my hands up to his lips. "I'd do anything for you. Sleep, Baby. You had a rough day and the kids are going to come looking for us early as shit tomorrow."

I closed my eyes and let myself fall asleep, knowing that I had the best life that I could have ever imagined.

Chapter 4

Ty

Even after Miranda had fallen asleep, I laid there wide awake thinking about how upset that woman had made her. She should have been ashamed of herself for raising such a shitty son. There was no way in Hell I would ever let my boys turn out the way hers had. I know some things are out of the parent's control, but teaching your sons to respect women is not something very hard to do. I'd watched him beat the shit out of my wife and saw what he did to, and took away from Van.

Izzy would never know that life and the thought of men out there in this world that could hurt her like that killed me inside. I wanted to lock her up and keep her safe forever. One thing I could be grateful of was that Miranda would never feel threatened by my touch. I would never lay a hand on her.

I could feel the twins moving all around in Miranda's stomach as she slept. I loved feeling them and knowing that we made them out of love. To have a planned pregnancy was so exciting. From that first moment up until the results of the pregnancy test meant so much to me. We didn't keep our wanting to get pregnant a secret. In fact, I think I may have announced it even to perfect strangers. I wanted everyone to know that we were making a baby.

It was hard not telling Izzy at first. Aside from slipping to the family during my confrontation with Conner, I kept my promise and stayed quiet. Izzy didn't find out until Miranda was eight weeks along. Of course she expected that the baby was just going to pop out any day, so Miranda had to sit her down and explain as much as she could, so that our daughter would understand better.

After that day, we included her in everything. Miranda didn't know it, but Izzy had picked out the name Jackson. I don't know where she heard it and it really didn't matter, I loved it from the beginning. I had taken her to lunch one day while Miranda ran some errands in town. I liked the name Jacob, which was what Miranda had picked out for Iz, but I wanted to have something of my own. Of course, for days I couldn't think of one name that really caught my attention. That day in the restaurant when Iz just came out with the name Jackson, I couldn't help but tear up. That kid got me. She always had.

We kept the name a secret as the highly anticipated sonogram was coming up. Much to my surprise, we found out there were two little boys, instead of just one. I can't even explain the pure joy that overcame me that day. Words cannot describe how utterly speechless I was.

Miranda's body stirred and she turned into my body, shoving her belly into mine, and causing my ass to hang over the edge of the bed. This was not uncommon here recently, in fact, on most nights, I would either climb over her or walk to the other side of the bed and go back to sleep.

I tried to just start out on that side, but her body was like a magnet to mine, not that I ever complained. I loved being close to her, but I also loved to get at least a few hours of sleep so I could be able to do all the things I needed to do the next day.

I was too tired to get up and walk around the bed, so I pulled myself into her more and wrapped my arms tightly around her waist. I closed my eyes and felt at peace knowing I had the best life.

As I had expected, I woke up to banging at the door. The clock on my phone read six thirty. The door creaked open, before I could stand up and throw on some clothes. I pulled the covers over me and Miranda and smiled as the prettiest little blonde hair girl came walking into the room, owning the place. "Daddy, me and Noah want to eat breakfast, but Aunt Van says we have to wait. Can you make us breakfast?"

"How did you get here?" They better have not taken the golf cart themselves.

"Noah drove us. Uncle Colt said we could."

Colt is a dumbass! Noah was only five.

Miranda stirred behind me and grabbed my arm. "Bella, let Daddy sleep a little while longer and we can all eat together."

"But, Mommy, I am hungry now." Even though Miranda couldn't see it, Iz stuck out her pouty lip. I almost busted out laughing at how cute she was, and manipulative.

I patted Miranda on the leg. "Iz, you and Noah go wait downstairs. Let Daddy get up and get dressed and I will make you guys something."

"Are you naked again Daddy? Why don't you and Mommy wear pajamas to bed?"

Oh Christ! Here we go again.

Before I could answer, Iz turned around to Noah. "Does your Mommy and Daddy sleep naked too?"

Noah giggled and covered his mouth as he laughed. "I don't know."

"Both of you get downstairs, right now!" Miranda sat up and pointed toward the door. Her hair was standing in all directions and she looked like she was ready to shoot fire out of her ears.

I pulled her back down against my chest. "Good morning, Sunshine."

"You suck! You know she is going to tell everyone we are naked."

"Who cares, Baby?"

She pulled a pillow over her head and growled. She worried too much. We obviously were not the only couple on the planet to sleep naked. We didn't do it all the time, mostly because Izzy liked to sneak into bed with us, but last night we knew she was at Colt's house.

I sat up and wiped the sleep out of my eyes. "Just go back to bed. I will take care of the little trouble makers."

Miranda wrapped her arms around my waist. "If you would just teach our daughter what the word 'wait' means, you could cuddle up and sleep with me."

I leaned back and kissed her on the head. "I love that you hate sharing me."

She knew I was teasing but threw a pillow at me anyway as I got up to find some clothes. I bent down to grab something out of the suitcase and heard her making a funny sound. When I turned around, she was leaning on her elbow eyeing up my naked body. Naturally, I woke up with an erection, and those eyes she was giving me, didn't help matters. "You know we can't. Calm down cougar, you can hunt me down later and pounce all over this shit."

She rolled her eyes as I continued to laugh at my own comment. "Nevermind! I didn't want any anyway."

That made me laugh even louder. I threw on some boxers and jeans and walked over to the bed. "You are an awful liar. Go back to sleep."

I didn't wait for her comeback as I headed down the stairs. Surprisingly, Lucy was already cooking breakfast. She put down the spatula and wrapped her arms around me. "I can't believe you came to visit. I heard the news and I am so excited for you both."

"Who told you?"

"Who do you think?" She cocked her eyebrow and looked toward where my daughter sat coloring.

I shook my head. "Should have known. She doesn't keep good secrets."

"Where's my aunt? Is she still sleeping?" I wanted to run upstairs and scare the shit out of her.

"She isn't here. Her and Karen are doing a fundraiser at church today. They will be back at dinner time."

I grabbed a cup of coffee and leaned against the counter. "Damn, Miranda will be sad about that. She wanted to spend the day with her mom."

"Savanna and I were going to stop by later. Miranda can ride with us. I am sure you men can handle the kids for a few hours." Lucy was teasing me. I knew it without the wink she threw in my direction. They didn't always approve of my actions, but my family never doubted my parental skills. They knew how seriously I took that shit.

"Yeah, I think I can handle these two trouble makers." I grabbed my daughters messed up ponytail and shook it.

"Daddy, stop it! I am trying to color in the lines." Izzy looked annoyed.

"Sorry, you need to fix that mop before Mommy sees it. Although, her hair looked like a monster was hiding in it this morning. Don't tell her I told you that."

"Too late! I heard it for myself." Miranda walked into the kitchen and smacked my ass.

I pretended she hurt me and looked at Iz to get her sympathy. She started to giggle and I leaned over to kiss her. "Tell Mommy she is pretty."

"Mommy, Daddy says to tell you that you look pretty."

I threw my hands up in the air. "Thanks, Iz!"

She giggled some more, causing Noah to follow suit.

I saw Miranda heading for the coffee pot and dove in front of her. "What do you think you're doing?"

"Ty, just let me have one cup. It won't hurt the babies. I'm so sleepy." She was whining. "The doctor says some caffeine won't hurt me. Just one cup."

I poured her a small cup and filled it half of the way with coffee and half with milk. She rolled her eyes, but accepted what I was offering. She curtsied me before taking the cup. "Thank you, Master Ty."

I thought it was funny, but that made her more mad. She rolled her eyes and knocked her hip into my side as she walked by me. "Master likes watching you walk away."

She shook her head and gave Lucy her attention, while I sat down with the kids. "So, what are you drawing?"

Noah slid his paper toward me. "This is me and Bella with Mickey Mouse."

His stick figure characters were hilarious, especially the one with giant mouse ears. The best part was that the stick figures he drew had three legs, like the body continued a little too long. As I noticed it, coffee shot out of my nose and I began choking. Feeling kind of embarrassed, I acted like the coffee just went down the wrong hole, until my wife came over and took one look at the paper. She lightly smacked the back of my head. "Tyler Mitchell!"

"I'm sorry, Honey. I try to behave, but sometimes I just can't help it." I talked in a sad voice.

She sat down on my lap as our daughter pushed her paper toward us. Izzy didn't have stick figures, but I could tell she was drawing people. One of the bodies was wearing something with two dots next to one another on the shirt. "What did you draw, Sweetie?" Miranda asked.

"This is you and Daddy."

Miranda pointed to the dots on the body. "What's this? A fancy shirt?"

"No silly, it's your boobies, cause you and Daddy sleep naked." Two little kids filled the room with laughter while Miranda sat wide eyed on my lap. Lucy was over at the stove beside herself, while I just sat there waiting to be slapped again. After a few seconds the air wouldn't stay in my mouth any longer and I just burst into uncontrolled laughter.

Miranda got up and grabbed the little girl's art work. "Isabella Mitchell, you do not draw people without clothes ever again. Do you understand me."

Izzy put her head down and started to cry. "I'm sorry, Mommy."

This was where Miranda and I disagreed, in fact, it was the only time we disagreed. I grabbed my daughters hand and kissed it, as I handed her another piece of paper. While Miranda's head was turned I leaned in and whispered in Iz's ear. "Mommy isn't mad. She is just upset you told Lucy we were naked. You can't tell people private stuff, okay Sweetie?"

She shook her head and I kissed it. When I sat back down I saw Miranda shaking her head at me. I shrugged my shoulders like I couldn't help myself. She could punish me later and I was definitely looking forward to it.

To get the subject dropped for the time being, I assisted Lucy with breakfast. By the time Van and Colt showed up with the baby, everything was ready to eat. It felt weird sitting at my aunts without her being around. In fact, it seemed so quiet without Conner and the ladies.

Little Christian was the cutest thing ever. She was only a few months old, but her little smile was just perfect. She loved hearing the kids talking and would turn her little body toward where the sounds of them were coming from.

"Did you hear the women are leaving us with the kids for the day?" Colt laughed while taking another bite of his food.

"Yeah, Savanna informed me last night. I think we can manage. I have a whole roll of Duct tape in the garage."

We both laughed while the girls sat there with their mouths open. Of course, the first thing that came to mind for me was the ABC party that brought Miranda and I together. I looked over to where she sat and got a quick reaction from her. It made me smile just knowing she got me so well. I threw her a wink and mouthed the words 'I love you' toward her.

A gagging sound caught my attention. "Don't do that while I am trying to eat." Van gave me a disgusted look. I picked up a roll and threw it toward her, causing her to scream because she was so shocked I'd actually done something like that.

"I think the children are being better behaved than the adults this morning," Lucy teased.

We all settled down and tried to set a better example for our kids, but even Lucy knew us adults had caused commotion at the table since we were Izzy and Noah's age.

Colt and I hung out and helped Lucy clean up breakfast while Van took everyone else to their house. The house got quiet without the kids there. Once we finished we met them at their place. I should have been expecting retaliation from Van, but my dumbass forgot to keep my guard up. Colt walked into the house and I followed behind him. As I grabbed the screen door, I felt something wet hitting the front of my body, followed by a loud machine coming on and then just an explosion of something white hitting me.

As I opened my eyes and tried to assess what the hell had just happened, I realized I was completely covered in flour. I wiped my eyes and looked at Van, who was hunched over laughing her ass off. "What the f**k?"

"Language!" Miranda corrected me.

"I think I can say it this one time."

A leaf blower was still in Van's hands. Miranda held the container of flour, while the kids giggled at my feet with two empty glasses in their hands.

"You were all in on this? You all suck!" I was laughing the whole time. This was, by far, Van's best prank yet. She was learning. I liked it.

I ran toward her, chasing her into the kitchen until I cornered her and wrapped my body around hers. She giggled and screamed at the same time, trying to free herself. "Ty, get off of me. You're getting me all gross."

"Say you're sorry and I will let you go."

She tried to fight me, so I held her tighter. "Let me go. Come on, you are messing up my clothes."

"Say it."

"I'm sorry." I started to let her go and she turned back around. "Not!"

I grabbed her again and shook the powder off of my hair into her face. "Say it and mean it."

The more she fought the more I held onto her. The room filled with the family, but I never let her go. "Okay, okay. I'm sorry Ty."

"Now tell me that I am awesome and you love me."

Everyone started laughing, including me. "Never!"

I rubbed my face over hers, causing her to scream again. "Say it!"

"I love your awesomeness."

"That isn't what I said." I shook my head even more. "Say it right."

"Fine, I love you and you're awesome." She cried out.

I released her and watched as she walked away assessing the mess that SHE made all over the house. Miranda was shaking her head at me and I attempted to hug her, but was shut down by her death look. I knew she didn't feel like changing her clothes, so I pouted my way to the guest bathroom, to try and get the flour off of me.

I ended up having to take a shower, while Miranda rode back to the house on the golf cart to get me some clean clothes. When I finally got out they were getting ready to leave. Van couldn't walk by me without laughing at what she had done. The floor was all vacuumed up and there was no trace of her stellar prank. I pointed to her. "I will get you back, Cuz."

She giggled. "I'm not afraid. Bring it on."

Her friendship meant so much to me and Miranda. I was so glad that we had that. Van and Colt were so in love and they were perfect for each other. I just wished that we all lived closer, especially for the kids.

We said goodbye to the girls and looked back at the three kids in the room with us. I patted Colt on the back. "We got this. They will be angels for us."

Colt shook his head. "Yeah, when you come back to reality, let me know. In the meantime, I have a crappy diaper to change."

Chapter 5

Miranda

After Van and I got the house cleaned up from all of the flour, we headed out for a girls day. I hung out with my girlfriends every once in a while at home, but nothing was as fun as spending the day with Van. I wanted to also see my mother and my aunt, and Lucy was tagging along too.

I had to admit that Ty had done an awfully good job taking my mind off of Tucker's mother last night. As much as I would have liked to not wake up and think about her, it was easier said than done. Seeing my own mother, coming to greet us when we entered the church, made me feel a little more at ease.

"Hi, my baby girl. Look at you. Oh, my word, you are just glowing." She kept hugging me and then looking down at my baby bump.

"So, we found out what we're havin'." I didn't want to just bust out the word twins. Ty had called and told everyone, but my mother was the last person to find out. I made everyone promise not to tell her.

She motioned for me to hurry up and tell her. "The suspense is killing me, Randa. Just tell me already.

"Two boys."

"Come again?" It was funny how she thought she misheard me.

"Two boys, Mom. Ty and I are havin' twins."

Her mouth dropped open before she put her hand up to cover it. She started shaking her head and laughing. "I bet your hubby is radiating excitement."

I agreed by nodding my head. "Why do you think we drove all the way out here, spur of the moment? He can't contain himself. Do you want to hear the names he picked out?"

"You let him pick both names?" She sounded sort of shocked that I had given Ty free reign on naming our boys.

My aunt approached us and came in to hug me before I could answer my mother. "It's so good to see you."

"I was just telling Mom that Ty and I are expectin' twin boys and we are naming them Jacob and Jackson, Jake and Jax for short."

My mother's eyes lit up when she heard me say the word Jacob. She knew I had loved that name. I watched her smile and shake her head the same time. "I should have known that Tyler would give you what you wanted, he always seems to do a good job at that." Ty being my husband may have rubbed my mother the wrong way at first, for more reasons than just one. We had married and carried on a relationship in secret. When I went to stay at his family's place for my own safety, I ended up living with Ty right away. My whole family had done so much to try to prevent a relationship between us, but it happened anyway. As much as they wanted to hate the idea, he had proven time and time again that he would do anything for me and Bella, even go as far as making sure everyone knew he was her only father. How could they not come to approve of us? In my mother's eyes, Ty had become the perfect man.

"I was shocked too at first. I guess I shouldn't have doubted him. He always comes through for me."

"That boy adores you girls. It makes me smile just thinking about his love for you," my aunt added.

Van came up behind me and hugged me. "Did you tell them the good news?"

"Of course I did."

"Isn't it great? I can't wait to see how cute they are going to be. Colt was joking last night how he was going to buy them rival football team outfits and dress them up in them for a picture. He said he would get his favorite and Ty's favorite. I think it would be a hoot."

"Actually, I think that is a great idea. Ty would love that. You know he is all for a good joke." I threw her a wink and thought about him being covered in flour. I should have taken pictures of it. When he had her pinned in the kitchen, I was pretty certain I was about to pee my pants from laughing so hard.

For the next couple hours we hung out with the ladies. It was good to see some old familiar faces from church, and some were not as friendly, when they saw my baby bump. It wasn't like I cared. My babies were made out of love by me and my husband. They were planned and highly anticipated. There wasn't one person in the world that could take that away from me.

Before we left the church, to head home and assess the damage that the guys had made while watching the kids, I pulled my mother to the side. "Last night on the way here we stopped for something to eat. I ran into Tucker's mother."

She cut me off. "Oh my God, Miranda. You are waiting until right now to tell me something like that?"

"Mom, I was in the bathroom and Bella went running out to her father. I didn't know she was there until I reached them. She was already bent over trying to ask Bella questions. Ty just thought she was a creepy old lady. He had no idea."

She pulled me in for another hug. "I am so sorry that happened. Are you okay? Did she say anything to Bella? Is Ty okay?"

I gave her a quick smile as she pulled away and looked into my eyes. She was very concerned. I could see it across her face. "We ran out of there and went somewhere else. Bella didn't understand, but she was fine once we got to the next place. Ty was just worried about me. He said the lady never gave Bella any information. She just kept askin' her questions."

"I am so glad he got you girls away from her. You have no idea how mad we all were when those charges were dropped against that woman. She needs to rot in jail for what she did, but instead is out walking around like she has never done a thing wrong. For the first time, I am so glad you live so far away, Sweetie. I need my grandbabies to be safe. Just knowing you are married to Tyler makes me feel better about it. That boy would move heaven and earth for you and Bella."

This time my smile went from ear to ear. "I know he would."

"Are you okay? Is seeing Mrs. Chase still bothering you?"

"I'm tryin' to be okay, but after seein' her, I'm just still a little freaked out. I can't explain it. Ty says it is my hormones playin' tricks on my mind, but I can't shake the feelin'."

"It could be the hormones, Miranda. I hate to see you worried about something." She pushed the hair away from my face. "We won't let that woman ever hurt you."

"I know. I just don't want her causin' problems between Ty and Bella. He is her only daddy. It would kill him to disappoint her like that. Am I wrong for makin' everything point to Ty being her real daddy?"

My mother shook her head and folded her arms across her chest. She cocked an eyebrow and looked directly at me. "Ty may have been many things in the past. A tyrant, a player, a prankster. None of that means a lick when he is being a father to Bella. That boy is completely changed and you girls are the reason. It takes a real man to stand up and be a father to a child. I don't think you're wrong at all. I think you're lucky. This entire family wants nothing more than for Isabella to grow up with one father."

"She is blood to him, Mom. He wouldn't have it any other way."

She put her hands on my shoulders. "Then just stop worrying. She doesn't even know your last name, Miranda. You need to calm down. That woman is dirt poor. She wouldn't even have the means to go after you and Ty. Please try to enjoy your visit. I miss you guys so much."

"I miss you too, Mom."

While walking back out to the car, I opened my phone and saw I had a few messages from Ty.

Hour 1- still alive-Ty

Hour 2- taped up the kids to the couch and have them watching Lady Gaga marathon -love u-Ty

Hour 3- R u okay? Text me back before I am too drunk to understand you.-Ty

I rolled my eyes and thought about what to say.

I hope Lady Gaga is teaching them about proper attire and how to be respectable little children. If you are drinking, I will cut off your balls.- 3 M

I don't think ten seconds had passed before my phone chimed with a message.

Cut away cause my super sperm already made two boys at once-Ty

We decided to go out for dinner. See you tonight. - 3 M

I put the phone back in my pocket and ignored the immediate phone calls coming in. Savanna gave me a curious look while she continued to drive. "Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, I told him we weren't coming home until way later. He is pretty much freakin' out."

We both started laughing.

I never doubted Colt or Ty's ability to babysit. They were both excellent fathers, who, enjoyed spending time with their kids. Colt and Noah were very close and he even took him out on the ranch to work with him when he didn't have school.

Ever since Noah and Bella's fiasco with the horses, we had to keep a better eye on them when they were together. We were pretty sure they had learned their lesson, but we could never be too careful.

We pulled up at the house and nothing seemed out of the ordinary. There were no children running around and nothing was on fire. I never expected to walk into what we saw as we opened the door to the house. On one couch was Colt, sound asleep with Christian on his chest. He was snoring lightly and never even stirred as we shut the door. On the loveseat were Noah and Bella. They were side by side and sleeping as well. Ty was sitting in the recliner smiling up a storm.

We tiptoed into the house and went right into the kitchen. I felt arms around me even before I sat my purse down. "Thought you were going to dinner?"

"Thought you Duct taped the kids."

He leaned down and gave me a kiss and then laughed as he pulled away. "You should have been more worried they were going to Duct tape us. You know how they are when they start scheming."

"Yeah, just like their fathers." Ty slapped me on the ass for that one.

Van was getting something out of the fridge and laughed at the two of us. Ty leaned down and spoke quietly in my ear. "I missed you."

I kissed him on the cheek. "We were only gone for a little while."

He shrugged and sat down at the table. "I know." He turned his attention toward Van. "What are you making me?"

"I'm not making you shit!" She teased.

"Well, can you at least get me something to drink?"

She turned around and put her hands on her hips. "Tyler Mitchell, you are not disabled or a guest. Anyone that can walk into my front door without knocking is not considered a guest. Get your ass up and get it yourself."

He stuck his bottom lip out. "Pleeeaaasssee?"

His begging was pathetic.

She reached in the refrigerator and tossed him a bottle of breast milk. "This is all I have to offer."

We both knew there were other things to drink, but I laughed at her gesture.

"I heard this tastes good." He said confidently.

"If you drink that I swear to God I will throw up." Savanna put her hands back on her hips and looked intently at Ty.

He looked from me then back to her. "Dare me to drink this?"

"Miranda and I have known you too long to dare you to anything. Give me the container!" Savanna reached for the bottle of breast milk and Ty moved it out of the way.

"I'm doing it!"

"Wait! You can't drink my breast milk, Ty. It's just....well it's just weird. Tell him Miranda."

I shook my head, but couldn't stop laughing. Van looked like she was going to throw up. I knew that I should have been offended, but for some reason it was more funny than anything. She had such a weak stomach as it was, so this was definitely going to make her hurl. Colt came walking into the kitchen and without even asking, he pretty much knew what was going on.

"Dude, you dare me to drink this breast milk?" Ty held it up for Colt to look at.

Where I thought Colt would get upset, he got a grin on his face and started laughing. "I will give you twenty bucks if you can drink that whole four ounces."

"Colt! What the hell?" Savanna was astonished.

Ty looked to me. "Baby, I need your permission. Want to make twenty dollars?"

I was pretty sure I was already peeing myself, even before I nodded and watched the little plastic bottle touching his mouth. As it hit his lips it started to come back up. He sat it on the table and closed his eyes. "Oh God, it's so gross."

"You ain't gettin' twenty bucks unless you finish it," Colt added.

"Dude, this shit is disgusting." He stuck out his tongue and scrunched up his face. "Oh, man, I'm gonna puke."

Savanna ran over to the kitchen sink and started heaving. Colt and I continued laughing. Tears were running down my eyes.

"I think I just peed myself," I confessed.

"I ain't drinking that shit anymore. Van needs to eat more candy or something. That is the worst tasting milk I've ever had."

She turned around and shot him a dirty look. "Did you think it would taste good?"

"I thought it was supposed to be sweet." Ty got up and grabbed a bottle of water. After drinking half the bottle, he started to relax again. "That was the most bitter, nasty shit ever. How can a baby like that?"

"Sometimes it's sweet." I stood up knowing that I had to go change my darn pants from laughing and leaking.

"You tasted it before?" Ty asked.

"Well, yeah, when I was breastfeedin'. Don't act all shocked. I wanted to know what it tasted like. It was my body."

Of course, Ty being Ty, had to ask more questions. "Did you suck on your own nipple or taste it on your finger?"

"TMI!" Savanna said from across the kitchen.

Ty leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Tell me later."

If I didn't know Ty so well, I would have assumed he was insane, but that question was meant to get a rouse out of Van. He loved making her uncomfortable. After our prank this morning, I was sure this was just the beginning. Ty liked to have the upper hand and right now, Van was way ahead of him.

"I need to run out and change my clothes."

"If you keep peeing yourself, I am going to make you wear diapers." Ty laughed as he held his hand out for me. "I will be happy to ride you over there. Then maybe you can ride me back." He winked as we walked out of the kitchen.

"Be back in a bit," Ty said as we walked out of the house.

Poor Savanna. Ty loved teasing her and if she would pretend it didn't bother her, he would stop, but she kept making a big deal over it. He loved the attention. "Are you ever goin' to stop gettin' on her last nerve?"

"Are you mad at me?" He asked.

"For what? You haven't done anything wrong to me. You just torment the hell out of her."

"Cause she is so easy to piss off. You know it's funny. Besides, she knows I love her and I'm kidding. I would never do something to hurt her or anyone else in our family. It's all in fun, Baby." He squeezed my hand and pulled over off the lane.

"Why are you stoppin'?"

"Because I wanted to have a couple moments with you alone." He kissed my head. "Because I missed you earlier." He kissed my cheek slowly. "Because I love you so much that being without you for even a little while, makes me feel sad." He kissed my lips "Because I really don't need a reason."

I held my lips close to his. "I wanted you to kiss me that night, in the kitchen." My confession just came blurting out.

He laughed. "I almost did," He stroked my hair. "but, you kept saying how I was a terrible guy and I hated hearing that."

"It would have been for the wrong reasons." I drug my tongue over his lip. "I was so confused."

He ran his hand up my neck and kissed me again, this time stroking his tongue over mine. "I would have never wanted to leave."

His heated breathing was making me pant and I knew he loved when he did this to me. I ran my hand up his chest. "Every time we come here, we talk about this. It turns me on knowin' how you wanted me and if your sons weren't pressin' on my bladder I would rip down my pants and let you f**k me in these woods, like I know you wanna do." I kissed his neck and then bit his ear lobe.

He kissed me one more time, holding his lips pressed against me. When he pulled away, leaving me panting, he smiled and grabbed my hand. "Miranda, you are always worth the wait."

Chapter 6

Ty

There wasn't a single day that went by where I hadn't regretted waiting so long to admit my feelings for Miranda. I know it wasn't realistic and probably wouldn't have lasted, but just knowing what I have now made me wonder. I wasn't being greedy, I knew she was mine now and that is all that mattered. It just hurt me to think about the hell that Tucker Chase put the family through.

Part of me liked to hear that she was so attracted to me back then. All of those close encounters between us had been mutual. I could have easily made a move and experienced the hottest sex I could have ever imagined.

With my little guys pressing on her belly, my embarrassed wife had taken off her clothes and started walking toward the shower. I sat on the edge of the tub and just watched her. She wasn't doing anything erotic, but Miranda never had to. She was so naturally beautiful that just walking in the room, made me want her. I don't know how, for so long, I hadn't noticed the things she did to me. I assume most of it was because I never wanted to consider her being anything other than family.

Once the spark between us had ignited, it was only a matter of time before it was a full blown fire of passion. After two and a half years, we were still going strong, closer than ever. I didn't have crazy in-laws or have to worry about not spending holidays with my family, because we shared the same family. We never were connected with blood, but marriage had bound our two families even more together.

Miranda climbed into the shower and started letting the water run down her body. It didn't help that the shower was glass and I couldn't take my eyes off of her. I knew she was conscious about her weight, but nothing was sexier to me than seeing that pregnant belly of hers. Just knowing my children were growing inside of her made it so easy. Her tiny body had gotten just a little more curvy all over. I loved holding her hips and her even fuller br**sts.

She turned around and saw me watching her. Of course, she gave me a smile before leaning back against the shower wall. Her soapy hands slid across each of her br**sts as she bit her lips and kept her eyes on me. Her lathered hands traveled down her belly and brushed over her tiny pu**y. As she threw her head back and let out a gasp, I felt something tugging at my pants.

Without her permission, I started stripping off my clothes, forming a trail as I headed toward the shower. Miranda smiled as I climbed in with her and she immediately had her mouth on mine. "What took you so long?"

"I thought you wanted to hurry and get back."

"The kids are sleepin' and you got me all hot again." She licked my bottom lip.

I teased her tongue with mine. "It doesn't take much."

"Bein' pregnant makes me horny." She reached down and grabbed my c**k into her hands. They were soapy and as she stroked, the friction felt amazing.

Me likey....

I reached my hand down between her legs and noticed she wasn't wet from the shower or from soap. "You're so ready. Tell me how you want it." I loved hearing her say it.

She leaned down and nibbled my nipple with her teeth. "Hard."

I turned her fine ass around and pressed her against the wall. I heard her gasp right before I smacked her little ass cheek. I gripped it in my hand and shook it before rubbing it gently with my palm. "Like that?" I took a hand and reached around to grabbed one of her supple br**sts. While pinching her pink nipple, I sucked on her shoulder.

She moaned, "More."

Miranda was so wet for me that I couldn't help taking my length and slapping it between her legs. She liked when it hit her clit, making it swell up. She cried out as I did it a few more times. I bit her shoulder again, just enough to hear her moan. "You like it?"

I kept my length up against her hot pu**y sliding it back and forth against the wetness. "Please Ty."

I was throbbing, just dying to slip inside of her and give her all that I had to give. I grabbed one of her legs and steadied it on the shower ledge as I slowly entered inside of her. Miranda placed both palms of her hands flat on the shower wall. My hands reached around and found her hips, giving me the help I needed to pull her wet ass against me. The slapping sounds got louder with each thrust, as the water trickled down our bodies. Miranda cried out every time I pulled out and entered her again.

She bent over even more, giving me a better view of her perfect ass. I couldn't help running my flat hand over both of her cheeks as the water poured over them. I loved watching my dick going inside of her. Sometimes just watching was enough to make myself come immediately. As I felt the intensity building, I reached over and grabbed one of her ni**les. Her body began to instantly tremble and I felt her tight walls start to push me out of her. I loved it when she came. I loved hearing her crying out as her orgasm became so uncontrolled.

When her body started to relax, and her pu**y loosened just enough, I reached down to her swollen little clit and started rubbing hard with two fingers. "You're not done yet, Baby."

Her body began bucking again, giving me the signal I needed to let myself finish. My fingers stopped moving as I tried to control my own self from falling to the floor. Miranda's body froze against mine and we stayed under the water, both trying to catch our breath.

She turned around and sat on the little ledge just staring at my naked body. I loved it when she looked at me, knowing all the little things she could do to make me crazy. I leaned down and kissed her sweet lips. "I love this."

She looked up at me and smiled, before leaning back against the wall and closing her eyes with a big smile on her face. "Not as much as I love you."

I climbed out and grabbed her a towel, before starting to get dressed myself. "Now do you see how there are benefits to you peeing your pants?" I was trying to make her feel better about her little uncontrolled accidents.

"I can't believe you still want me sometimes. I feel so embarrassed when that happens."

"Miranda, stop saying that. You can't help it right now anyway. How much of a dick would I be if I judged you for something like that. Baby, you can't gross me out. Remember I have already seen you have one child. I am totally prepared for two more."

She reached up and touched my face. I loved when she smiled at me. "We should get back. I promised Van I would help her with dinner." Miranda stood up and walked toward the bedroom.

I followed behind her and sat on the bed as I finished dressing. "Can I have one more kiss?"

She slipped on her shoe and leaned down to kiss me. I grabbed her wet hair and held her against my mouth. I peeked to see if her eyes were open and they weren't. I loved that.

"Can we go now?" She asked as she pulled away.

"Your mouth is magnificent." I pulled her against my body. "I love all of things you can do with it."

"Ty, stop or I will want to stay and you and I both know you need time to recuperate, besides, I want to get back to Colt and Van and I know you do too."

I sighed feeling defeated, even though I knew she was right, in fact my wife was almost always right and she knew it.

I pouted the whole way back, not because I thought Miranda would change her mind, but because I wanted her to want more later. The truth was that Miranda got so tired during the day. On most nights, I would cuddle with her on the couch and end up carrying her to bed after she'd fallen asleep.

My fascination with Miranda was cut short when we pulled up to the house and saw Noah and Iz hooking up a wagon to Sam's collar. The poor dog just sat there while the two Bopsy twins tried to figure out how to tie a knot. Lucky for the dog, neither of them knew how.

"What do you think you're doing?" I asked as I approached them.

They put their hands behind their backs like it kept us from seeing what they were up to. "Nothing!" They both replied at the same time.

"It doesn't look like nothin'." Miranda walked up to Sam and unraveled the rope from around his collar.

They both looked at each other and refused to look at us. "Do you know that you could have hurt Sam? How do you think your dad would have felt if something happened to her?" I looked at Noah and waited for him to reply.

Noah shrugged his little shoulders. "He'd be real sad."

"That's right, he would be real sad. You need to get your butts in that house and leave the dog alone. Understand?"

"Yes, Uncle Ty."

Izzy never looked back at us as she ran into the house. She knew I was disappointed in her.

"Trouble with a capital T." Miranda started laughing behind me.

I grabbed her hand as she walked up the steps with me. "Yeah, wait til they become teenagers."

"If they are anything like we used to be then we are in big trouble." Miranda just shook her head and laughed as she talked.

"You got that right."

Van was feeding Christian as we walked in the door. I shielded my hands in front of my face to prevent from seeing her bare breast. "God damn woman, put that tit away!"

"I'm feeding my daughter. You want another taste?"

I started gagging immediately just thinking about how bad that shit tasted. "Hell no! I would rather eat dog shit."

Miranda was laughing behind me as I walked straight into the kitchen. Colt was opening the crock pot, checking on a pot roast.

"That smells great."

He agreed, "Yeah, Savanna is goin' to make her gravy once she's done feedin' Christian."

"Hope she doesn't add any of that breast milk in it. That was f**king nasty dude. Have you ever tried that shit?"

Colt started shaking his head while he laughed. "If you must know, yeah I did. I didn't think it was as bad as you're makin' it out to be. My daughter likes it and that's all that matters."

"Yeah I guess. I'm going to have to start feeding Miranda sweets. My boys ain't going to like that bitter shit."

"Ty, you're so damn simple. Talk about somethin' else please." Colt was disturbed. As funny as it was, I knew when to cool it.

"Your son was outside trying to tie the dog up to pull him and Iz in the wagon."

Colt dropped the lid to the Crockpot and made a dash for the front door. "I stopped them. Sam is fine."

Noah and Iz were upstairs playing. We could all hear them talking to each other. "Noah Mitchell, get your tail down here right now!"

"What Dad?" He stood at the top of the stairs waiting for his father to respond.

"How many times do I have to tell you not to tie anything on the dog? How many, Noah?"

The little guy shrugged his shoulders. "Sorry."

"Do it one more time and you're goin' to get it. Understood?"

"Yes, Sir." Noah went running away from where we could see him. I saw Colt shaking his head and walking back toward the kitchen.

"Damn Cuz, I think I'm even scared to touch your dog."

"Shut up man. This ain't the first time he tried that shit. Not only could he seriously hurt her, but he could have hurt himself. He needs to learn to listen." Colt grabbed a beer out of the refrigerator and passed one to me. He opened his and began drinking it before the refrigerator door shut.

"So what were you going to give him? You have a paddle or do you prefer a stick from a tree?"

Colt cocked his eyebrow. "He was goin' to get my bare hand on his ass, that's what he's goin' to get. You wait til those boys are born and start causin' you grief. Don't be callin' me whinin' about it. Your ass can handle that shit yourself."

He was right, I knew he was. Colt was trying to teach his son what was right and I respected that. Being that all I had was a little girl, it was harder for me to be so stern with her. Honestly, Miranda would probably say that I didn't know how to be stern with our daughter. She always said I was too easy on her. I just hated to see her sad. I wanted to do whatever it took to make my little girl happy, even if it was bending the rules sometimes.

I wondered if I was going to be different when the boys came. Would I be able to be harder on them, because they were boys? Would I know what to do when they got into trouble?

"I'm really in for it, ain't I?"

Colt took another drink of his beer. "I reckon you have a lot of learnin'. Noah is my son and I love him more than my own life, but that kid likes to cause mischief. Mom says that I was just like him, I just don't remember gettin' into things like that boy does. Sometimes I think he is testin' my last nerve."

We sat down at the table and Colt started shuffling up some cards. Our family loved to play cards. "What are we playing for?"

"You already owe me twenty bucks," Colt teased.

"Bullshit. You bet me, I didn't bet you, dick. Besides, you knew all along that shit was nasty."

Colt began laughing again. "If you could have seen your face after that first swig, man that was priceless."

"It was gross, that's what is was. Those poor babies don't even understand. No wonder they cry all the time. Their food tastes like ass."

He shook his head while he began dealing the cards. I could hear the girls talking in the other room. They probably wouldn't even come and sit with us. Since they couldn't drink, they usually spent their time watching romance flicks while Colt and I stayed up and played cards. I knew we weren't able to stay to play with everyone tomorrow night, so it was just Colt and I. "I say we play for kid duty tomorrow mornin'. If I win then you and Randa need to take the kids over to my moms and get up with them in the mornin'. If you win they can stay here and I will take away the golf cart keys so they can't ride out to the main house."

"You got yourself a deal, Cuz."

We played a game of five hundred rummy, keeping it close the whole time. It went faster with just two people and in no time we were neck and neck and on the determining last hand of the night. The kids had passed out upstairs in the playroom on the bean bag chairs after watching a movie. Savanna and Miranda were sound asleep on the couch, while Colt and I had the baby monitor in the kitchen, listening in case Christian woke up.

I decided I was going to change things up and hold all of my lay down cards in my hand until I could just go out at once. Colt took his time, collecting and laying down the cards as soon as he got them. I had four jacks and two queens in my hand. All I needed to do was pick up one more queen and I won the game. Lucky ass Colt picked up the card he needed first and threw down three aces. He didn't have a discard, so he was floating until his next turn.

I closed my eyes and drew my last and final card. This had to be a good one or I was out of the game and lugging sleeping bodies back on one golf cart. My card was a queen. I threw down everything I had in my hand and discarded the remaining card.

Colt pounded his hands on the table. We had been drinking for a couple of hours and I could even tell we were being louder than normal. "You prick. That was cheatin'."

"Bullshit! There is no rule saying you can't do that." I reached my hands up in the air and started to stretch, even adding a yawn to my appearance. "I guess I need to take my wife and get her tucked in. We'll see you guys in the morning. Not too early though. We like to sleep in." I winked as I stood up.

"Asshole! That shit shouldn't have counted."

"You lost Colt. Get over it!"

"Whatever, I will see your cheatin' ass in the mornin'." He gave me a shake of the hand and a half hug as I walked out of the kitchen. I reached down and picked up Miranda and Colt got the door for me. While I was sitting Miranda down, he reached in the other golf cart and got the keys. I saw him holding them up to show me the kids wouldn't be paying us another early visit. I waved as we pulled away from the house. I won fair and square. There was no doubt in my mind he was going to steal my play and use it on the family tomorrow after we left. I couldn't help laugh about it as we made our way to the main house.

Miranda was half awake when we pulled up, but I insisted on carrying her anyway. She didn't weigh that much, even being pregnant and sometimes it made me feel like her hero.

I would have liked to take advantage of having another night alone, but my wife was already back to sleep when her head hit her pillow. I took off her socks and her jogging pants and covered her up before climbing into bed beside her. I couldn't help but sit there and watch her sleeping. Inside of that belly was my boys. I couldn't wait to meet them and teach them how to live. I loved them so much already.

I found myself stroking her stomach with my fingertips. Within seconds they were moving all around in there. I fell asleep with my hand across her stomach, while my boys moved all around beneath it.

Chapter 7

Miranda

As much as Ty and I loved to visit, we hated having to leave more. After a very nice brunch, we said goodbye to our family and started our trip back home. Baby Christian's christening was coming up and we knew we would be back in few weeks to see everyone again.

It was great that for holidays and family affairs, Ty and I always got to be with our whole family. We didn't have to fight over which side to go to like other couples.

It also meant a lot to me that Bella could be with both my mother and Ty's parents. Even John had become attached to my little girl after dating my mom for going on three years. I wasn't really sure, but it seemed like somewhere down the road, they may even consider getting married.

Our ride back to North Carolina was uneventful. I made Ty stop three times so that Bella and I could use the bathroom. He never complained and wouldn't even let me drive the whole way. Bella got restless after a couple of hours and finally went to sleep. She had finally stopped crying when we left the ranch. For two years she had cried every single time. I hated seeing her so sad to leave Noah.

She knew we were coming back in a couple of weeks, so this time she wasn't as sad. We'd purposely left early so that we could arrive home before it was dark out. The deer were starting to rut and they liked to act all crazy at night. From living in the country my whole life, I knew it was safer to travel in the day where you could see all around you.

Since Conner lived with us, we knew he would be home when we arrived. Sure enough, he was sprawled out on the couch watching television. Bella went running over and jumped on his chest, knocking the air out of him.

"Uncle Conner, Daddy got floured."

Conner sat up and stretched. He was still yawning when he began to speak. "Floured?"

"Aunt Van sprayed flour all over Daddy. He was all white." She was rocking back and forth with her hips as she told him the story. It was the cutest thing.

Ty walked over and grabbed her up in his arms. "Time for you to get a bath." She was kicking and giggling as he carried her back to the bathroom.

Conner sat there waiting for me to explain, so as the giggles continued in the other room, I explained Van's best prank yet. Conner and Ty were becoming closer, but he thoroughly enjoyed hearing Ty got it this time.

Once we got Bella to bed and Conner went back in his room, Ty joined me in our bedroom. I loved seeing him in only a pair of boxer shorts. His Mitchell tattoo was sexy, but not as hot as Izzy on his heart. He didn't even tell me he was getting it. He said he had a surprise for me, but wouldn't tell me what it was. One night he pulled off his shirt and there it was. Of course, Ty was all smiles over it. He loved our little girl to the moon and back.

"What are you thinking about?"

I sat up and leaned on my elbow. "Just how sexy you are and how much I love you."

He crawled into bed next to me. "I know I'm not perfect, and I probably don't deserve this life with you. Sometimes I feel like the luckiest man in the world."

He reached up and turned on the ceiling fan before pulling my body into his. I loved how the cool air made me want to get even closer to him. "You're perfect for me."

"When the boys come I want to take turns getting up with them. I know you are going to breast feed, but it would mean a lot to me. Do you think you could pump like Van does for Colt?" He rolled me over on my back and placed his hand across my belly right before he leaned his head over the other part. "I love feeling them in there, knowing they are ours."

They were starting to really move more and every time Ty talked against my belly, they seemed to respond to his voice. "I think they already know you are their daddy."

He laughed and kissed my belly. "Baby, I can't wait to hold them. I can't wait for Izzy to hold them. I keep picturing it in my mind. The closer it gets the more I lose focus on everything else and daydream about them."

I had to laugh. "Last week I was cuttin' Mrs. Emerson's hair and I started thinkin' about the kids, imaginin' them runnin' around the farm. The next thing I knew, I was done cuttin' her whole head. I don't even remember doin' it."

He leaned his chin on my stomach and looked up at me. I ran my hand through his hair. "That would have been hilarious if you f**ked up that old woman's hair."

"For you maybe. I felt sick over it."

"Remember when I let you cut my hair for the first time?"

I would never forget that night.

I was still learning and needed a guinea pig. Ty's mother let me dye her hair, which I did a good job. His father let me give him a good buzz cut, but Ty was scared shitless. His hair was still longer and I wasn't sure if he was more afraid of his new look or me jacking up his head. He kept making me stop and running to the mirror.

We both started laughing. "I did a good job. You loved it, besides, I think it made you look even hotter."

"I am pretty f**king hot." His perfect white teeth were displayed as he gave me the biggest smile. I loved his brown eyes and his long dark eyelashes. His sarcasm was easy for me to appreciate since I'd known him my whole life. It was harder for other people to get his sense of humor.

"You're alright," I teased.

"Whatever! I can make your panties wet by just looking your way." His hand slowly started to slide the t-shirt I was wearing up over my br**sts. His face came up to one of them and he drug his lips lightly over a nipple, but never kissed it. I bit my lip and refused to agree with his comment.

"You aren't that good." Think about something not Ty related. Think about dirty socks and peeing your pants...

His bottom lip circled my nipple again. When he spoke, I could feel his hot breath against it. "I know you're lying. In fact, I know exactly what to do to make you beg."

I rolled my eyes and focused on those dirty socks. My face curled up and I shook my head. "In your dreams, Mr. Mitchell."

He used his chin to make my nipple even harder. "Mmm, I love how hard they get. I bet you want it in my mouth."

"I bet you're wrong."Oh God, you are so right...

"I bet you want me right now. In fact, I can tell you are trying so hard to fight it."

I closed my eyes for a second and looked down at him. "I have a headache. I think I need some water." Without any warning, I scooted myself out of bed and walked out of the bedroom. I was so hot and bothered that I stopped once I got into the kitchen to catch my breath. I grabbed a bottle of water and took my time walking back into the room.

Sure enough, Ty was laying there with his arms behind his back. "I call bullshit!"

I stood at the foot of the bed and put my hands on my hips. "This ain't a game of cards."

"It's definitely a game. Are you going to climb up here and straddle me or do I have to come and get you?" He never moved his position. I wanted to smack him, but I knew he would like it, and so would I.

"You're the one beggin'. I am fine just goin' to sleep right now." I am such a liar. I wanted to pounce right on him, belly and all.

His disposition never changed. "Goodnight, Baby." Before I climbed into bed he had closed his eyes.

On one hand, I wanted him so badly that I wanted to scream, but on the other, I knew he would hold it against me and feel like he had won. Ty liked to be in control and so did I. To protect my own ego, I pulled the covers over my body and tried my best to fall asleep.

A good ten minutes went by in a very quiet house. I was sure that Ty had fallen asleep, so I rolled over and nestled myself close to him. As soon as my hands touched his warm chest, I felt him grabbing my hand. He guided it down and sat it right on top of his hard penis.

I giggled and heard him let out a little cackle. "You suck!"

He pulled my hand up to his mouth and kissed my wedding ring. "No I don't, but you do it better than anyone on the planet, Baby."

I smacked him on the chest. "Sometimes you really piss me off."

"That's only because our makeup sex is the best." He pulled me close to his body and positioned my hand over his chest. "But the sex isn't at all why I love you so much. Your trust and friendship is the most important. Get some sleep, Baby. We can make love tomorrow and every other day for the rest of our lives. I know you're tired and have to work in the morning."

As much as I wanted to make love, Ty was right. I needed to get some sleep. I started working part time in the morning, but it was still getting hard to stand for even an hour at a time.

The next morning was as hectic as ever. Ty refused to wake me up on time and although he and Bella were at the door waiting, I still had to get myself ready. I ran around like a chicken with my head cut off looking for something to wear, while trying to do something professional looking to my hair. I worked in a salon so having bad hair was a definite no no.

My worries were relieved when we pulled up to the Salon five minutes early. I leaned over and kissed my sexy husband before heading inside. Ty and Bella usually stopped by for doughnuts before he dropped her off at school and went into the shop.

I got my station all ready to start working and grabbed a bottle of water for me to drink. Amy was getting the register together when the door bell rang. Ty came walking in with a cup in one hand and a bag in the other.

He handed me the hot drink. "Decaf coffee with extra cream and one sugar for my beautiful wife." He opened the bag and let me peek inside. "Two chocolate eclairs for my growing boys." He leaned over and kissed me. "Gotta run. See ya at lunch, Baby."

He went flying out of the door before I could thank him. I grabbed my phone as I watched our car pulling out of the lot.

I love you Ty. Thank you.

A few minutes passed and I knew he was rushing to punch in on time at the shop. As the first customer walked in, I heard my phone vibrate.

Anytime. Love u 2.

The smile on my face couldn't be contained. Amy shook her head and started walking toward me. "You two make me jealous."

"Sorry, Ames. Another bad weekend?"

She shrugged her shoulders. "He never came home on Friday night. Showed up Saturday morning completely shit faced. I took the kid out and grocery shopped. When we got home he was passed out. I guess it could have been worse."

It wasn't that cold out, but Amy was wearing a long sleeve jacket. I know I was pregnant and drinking coffee, but it was too hot to be wearing a jacket. I reached for her arm and she pulled away. "Don't! Please just don't, Miranda."

I pulled her in for a hug. "Our offer stills stands. You can stay at Ty's parents whenever you need to."

"I'm saving up my money. I can handle him until then." She started walking toward the customer at the front of the shop. "Good morning Agnes. How can I help you today?"

I watched Amy put on her best fake smile as she began working on her first customer's hair. After ten minutes my first client showed up and the place filled with voices. At noon two more stylists came in and worked until six at night. I felt bad, but I never got a chance to talk to Amy any more.

Since I'd known what it was like to be physically abused, my heart ached for her situation.

Ty showed up at lunch time and after we ate, I stopped at the school and picked up Bella, before taking the car home. I knew I'd have to pick Ty up later, but it was nice to go home and relax for a while. If it was up to Ty, I would just be a stay at home mother. Between the farm and his full time job, we didn't need the money. I just liked getting out and doing something. Of course, once the twins were born, it was going to get a lot harder.

As long as I got to cut Ty's hair I think I would be satisfied. He had the thickest, sexiest brown hair. I loved playing with it.

Bella and I spent my first half day watching kid shows and pigging out. Conner was nice enough to run out and grab Ty when he headed into town to pick up something he needed. By the time they both came in, I had dinner ready and on the table for them. We all sat down together and said grace like we tried to do every night. Bella liked to say it herself and we liked how she still messed up some of the words.

Ty got Bella started in the bath tub, while Conner loaded the dishwasher for me. He came down and sat next to me, throwing my legs over his. "How's my little sister feelin'?"

"Good. How are you doin'?"

Conner shrugged and tossed his hat on the table. "It's different here. Brina's been tryin' to get me go out more. I just need to stay focused on work. I know this is my chance to make things right."

"Well, you seem to be doin' a lot better."

"Randa, I'm a little worried about goin' to Kentucky for the Christening." Conner looked down at his hands and fidgeted. He'd done so well being away from all of his friends. His first week had been the worst, in fact we found out a lot more than we had wanted to. Conner had been using drugs. He tried to detox cold turkey and got really sick. He ended up spending the night in the hospital and having a very sick first week.

Ty and I did everything we could to make him comfortable, we even kept the worst of it from the family. Conner was trying so hard and he didn't need extra eyes judging him. Besides, Ty wanted to do it for Conner. He wanted him to be able to trust us.

I grabbed my brother's hand. "Conner, everything will be okay. The family doesn't know the bad stuff."

"What if my friends want to go out?"

I squeezed his hand. "It's probably better if you don't. Just hang out with us for the weekend. If it gets too bad then we can come home early. I can make up an excuse that I'm not feelin' well. Ty will be cool about it."

He leaned over and kissed my head. "I couldn't do this without you, I hope you know that."

Conner got up and headed back to his room. I heard him and Ty talking to each other in the hallway as they passed. I hadn't thought about how hard things were going to be for Conner on our visit. I knew he missed his friends, but seeing them again, could test his sobriety. He and I both knew that he didn't want to go down that road again.

It made me very nervous.

That night I told Ty about Conner and how worried I was. He told me that Conner had talked to him about it in the car and that he suggested the same thing. The two of them may have joked a lot and even gotten into heated arguments, but they acted like brothers. If something was wrong, they were the first ones to stand up for each other. Like always, Ty had Conner's back and I knew we would be able to make it through the weekend if we just stuck together.

The next week flew by and we found ourselves packing up the cars again. This time Ty's parents were coming. We still had to take two separate cars and of course Bella wanted to ride with her grandparents. I had to admit that I was a bit relieved. My ride was going to be annoying enough with Conner and Ty.

Ty's parents wanted us to all ride in their new SUV, but thankfully, Ty insisted we drive separately. It would have been too packed for us to be comfortable.

After four stops for pee breaks, we pulled into the ranch. Conner was the only one staying somewhere other than the main house, so we dropped him off at my mom's first before unpacking our car.

While Ty carried everything up, Bella and I went into the living room to see Lucy and my aunt. Ty met us downstairs at the same time his parents walked into the room. The older adults began a full blown conversation, while Bella was itching to get to Noah. We saw ourselves out and headed toward Colt and Van's house.

Chapter 8

Ty

Being in Kentucky was one of my favorite places. I loved being with my family. When the three of us walked in the door, Iz went flying past us and headed up the steps to find Noah. We heard him call her name and then a bunch of chattering upstairs.

Van's mother was holding Christian when I went over to say hello. She gave Miranda a quick wave before giving her grandchild all of her attention.

We sat around the house for the rest of the evening catching up with everyone. It was nice being around the whole family and not having one single argument. My parents as well as my mother in law and John stayed up at the main house for dinner, while the rest of us ate at Colt's place.

Van was so busy appeasing her parents that she had little time to sit down and relax. Colt was sitting around talking about hunting with her father. I think he really missed doing that with my uncle. He'd been hunting with his dad since we were too small to even hold a gun. It was always a tradition that, while the women hung around the house, all the men got up before daylight and went out into the woods. Miranda was kind of jealous this year. She was the only girl in the family who loved to hunt and since she had a big ole belly, I wouldn't even let her think about going.

Izzy was still too little, but Colt planned on taking Noah, at least for a little while over the weekend. Once she heard about it, she started giving her mother and me a fit to let her go.

The next morning, the women got up and started making food for the celebration. The smell of home cooking filled my aunt's giant house. I reached around the bed before opening my eyes and realizing Miranda was already downstairs. I could hear female voices laughing and carrying on.

I sat up in bed and started wiping my eyes. After checking my phone, and realizing it was only eight in the morning, I wanted to go back to sleep. My daughter came running in the room and jumped on the bed. "Daddy, Mommy told me to wake you up. Come on,"

She started pulling me out of bed. "Honey, Daddy is in his underwear. Let me get dressed and I will be down."

She let go of my hand but stood there with her hands on her hips. She looked so much like her mother. I loved her big blue eyes and that beautiful blonde hair. When she refused to take her eyes off of me, I pointed to my jeans. "Hand me those, Iz."

She reached down and grabbed my jeans. I slid my legs around the bed, making sure nothing was hanging out of my boxers, then pulled the jeans up. "Do you need me to get your shirt?"

"No. Daddy can get it himself. Did your mother tell you to stalk me until I came down?"

She giggled. "Yes."

I laughed. "Did you brush your teeth yet?"

She ran into the bathroom in front of me. I opened our zip lock bag and pulled out each of our toothbrushes. She held hers out and let me apply the toothpaste. We started brushing right away and I couldn't help but laugh at her copying me. "Do you remember Daddy teaching you to brush your teeth?"

She wasn't even two when I showed her, but it still was something that was special to me. She shrugged her shoulders and shook her head. She waited for me to spit first and then spit out her toothpaste. As I rinsed off my toothbrush, she stuck hers under the water. I pushed hers out of the way and started smiling. "Daddy, no fair. Share the water."

I leaned down and kissed the top of her head. "I couldn't help it. You're too pretty not to tease. You ready to go downstairs?"

She grabbed my hand and led the way.

I headed right to the coffee pot, trying to avoid contact with the gabbing group of women at the table. Van's mother and my mother were sandwiching Christian between them, talking to her in baby talk. I sat my cup down in front of Miranda and kissed her on the head. "Morning, Baby."

She looked up at me as I reached over and took the baby out of her seat. The two women threw me a dirty look. "What? She's my God child. Get in line."

Christian loved getting attention, in fact I was pretty sure she got held way too much, but who was I to talk? If I could have held Izzy constantly when she was a baby I would have. I loved holding her and spending time with her.

Van's mother caught my attention. "Ty, I think you're in the wrong line of work. It looks like you should have your own Daddy daycare center."

All of the women in the room turned to look at me rocking Christian in my arms. "Little girls love me, I can't help that."

Colt came up behind me. "You sound like a pedophile. Give me my child before you get all creepy."

I pulled away from him, not letting him take her from me. "Christian, tell your daddy he is wrong. Tell him uncle Ty would never hurt you." She smiled at me talking to her.

I looked up at the room full of people. "Just because I love kids, doesn't make me a pedophile." I stuck out my bottom lip like they all hurt my feelings. After sitting Christian back down in her seat, I took my coffee and pouted my way out of the room.

Colt came in and sat next to me. He had Christian in his arms. She was cooing and drooling everywhere. "I was just kiddin', Cuz."

I threw the remote in the air and caught it, trying not to look him in the eye. "I'd never hurt a child."

Maybe I was being defensive, but that wasn't right.

"Man, you can dish out the jokes, but you can't take em. Ty, you are the best father I have ever seen. The way you love your daughter is beautiful. After seeing you, it's how I wanted to feel too. I envy you being a parent. Don't get mad about my joke. Nobody in this house thinks that."

He handed me Christian as a peace offering. Of course my mood changed immediately. Izzy came in the room with us and sat down so she could hold the baby. She was fascinated by her and I couldn't wait for her to meet her two little brothers.

"You're going to have two of those soon."

She got a big smile on her face. "Can I help change their diapers?"

"You can change as many diapers as you want." That wasn't going to last long. I needed to get that in writing.

"Are you excited about being a big sister?" Colt asked.

She shook her head. "Uncle Colt, Noah says that when he gets big we are going to get married too."

Colt let out a gasp, while I just sat there, not having any idea whether to laugh or cry. "Is that right?"

I patted her on the head. "Iz, you and Noah can't get married to each other. You're related."

"Like cousins?" She asked.

"That's right. You're cousins." I agreed.

"You and Mommy are cousins."

Colt started laughing. I left him and Izzy sitting in the living room. "Miranda, I need you in here for a sec."

She met me at the doorway and came walking in the room with me. We crouched down in front of Izzy, who was busy holding the baby. "Our daughter claims that her and Noah are going to get married when they grow up because they are cousins like we are."

She looked from Iz to me. "Oh!" Miranda looked to Colt who was beside himself with laughter. She smacked him in the leg before turning her attention back to our daughter. "Honey, Daddy and I aren't really cousins. We're not blood related. We just have the same cousin, which is your uncle Colt. Mommy and Daddy aren't related at all. You and Noah are first cousins and you share the same blood. First cousins can't get married, Baby."

"That's not fair. Other boys are stupid."

Us adults laughed. I put my hand on her little knee. "One day you won't feel that way. I hope it is when you are thirty or older, but I promise you will find someone else to love."

"What about Noah?"

Colt stepped into the conversation. "Noah will meet someone too. Then you can let your kids play together like you and Noah play. You and Noah don't need to get married to be family, Bella, because you already are."

I wasn't sure she understood any of what we were saying, but I surely didn't want her telling people that Miranda and I were cousins. Obviously, we needed to do a better job about cracking jokes around her.

Shortly after breakfast, we took the kids outside and let them ride the golf carts around. We were standing outside watching them when a strange car pulled up at the house. A man approached the house and Colt walked toward him.

"Can I help you?"

He held up a paper and looked at it. "Can you tell me where to find a Miranda Healy Mitchell?"

Miranda stood up and started walking toward the guy. Just out of habit, I followed her.

"I'm Miranda."

He handed her an envelope. "You've been served."

I started to go after the guy for having the nerve to come here on today of all days, but Colt grabbed my arm and held it until the guy took off down the road. As soon as he let me go, I walked over to Miranda. She had pulled the paperwork out of the envelope and sank down to the ground, crying. I rushed to her side and reached my arms around her as I grabbed the papers and read them for myself.

My worst fears were confirmed as I read them.

"What is it?" Colt asked.

My heart was beating so fast, I felt like I couldn't breathe. I reached my arms around Miranda tighter and held her as she cried, trying to hold my own tears in.

"Dammit Ty, start talkin'."

I handed him the papers. "Tucker's mom is petitioning for visitation of Izzy."

Just saying it out loud made me feel sick. Miranda was balling in my arms and I didn't know what to say or do to make things better.

I thought we were past this ever happening. I was the only father Izzy had ever known. How could I be okay with some woman trying to take that away from me. I didn't know what to say.

"Jesus Christ." Colt handed Van the papers and crouched down in front of Miranda. "Randa, we will get this figured out. There is no way in hell the courts will give that woman any kind of custody. I will hire the best lawyer in Kentucky, Darlin'."

It was important for Miranda to calm down. She was too pregnant to be this upset. We couldn't have her going into early labor over this. "Baby, please calm down. We will fight this. I won't let her take our baby. I promise, I will do whatever I have to do."

"I'm goin' inside to call my lawyer right now. Sit tight. We will put an end to this." Colt walked into the house with a determined look on his face. Van followed behind him, leaving me and Miranda outside alone.

"Baby, please look at me."

She buried herself into my chest. "What are we goin' to do Ty?"

"Whatever it takes. If we have to leave the damn country, we will." I meant it too. I would drop everything to keep my family safe.

"We can't just leave everything. You know that's not practical." She pulled away from me and looked into my eyes. I'd tried so hard not to get emotional, but seeing her face did me in.

I pressed my lips against my wife's forehead. "I won't let anyone take away my daughter. I don't care what I have to do. I can't lose her, Miranda. God, I can't lose her."

A little while passed before both of our mothers came running out of the house. Colt wasn't able to reach his lawyer directly, but left a message that it was urgent for him to get back to us. I didn't care what I had to do, or what it cost. I needed to protect my family.

We tried to relax enough to enjoy dinner with the family, but the room was filled with concern. What happened didn't just affect me and Miranda, it affected our whole family. Lots of hugs were exchanged, along with even more tears.

It wasn't a life or death situation, but it felt that way for me. I felt like someone was taking my heart and ripping it out of my body while I stood there and watched. That child was my life. I'd loved her since she took her first breath of air. I was the only father she ever knew. Every day of my life revolved around my love for her. How could someone be able to just rip that away from me?

She would always be Miranda's child, but this woman threatened my whole relationship that I had built with her. I'd never felt pain and fear like this.

After dinner, Miranda went upstairs to take a nap. She needed to try to relax. It wasn't helping that it was all the whole family was talking about. Conner had even asked if I wanted him to make the woman disappear. As much as I did, I couldn't imagine him committing acts of violence to protect us.

I was sitting on the porch swing outside, when Izzy climbed up into my arms. I zipped up her coat and kissed her on the head. She slipped her little hand inside of mine. I looked down at it and felt my eyes burning. "Daddy, what's wrong with you?'

I let go of her hand and wrapped my arm around her while putting my other hand back in hers. "Nothing's wrong."

She gave me a silly look. "You're sad today."

I kissed her nose. "Daddy just loves you so much, that's all. I just love you so much."

I kept my mouth over her head so she couldn't see the tears pouring down my face. I tried not to sniffle, but it was impossible. It was inconceivable for me to be able to give up being her father. I knew it was just a formality and I would always be her dad, but I wanted to be the only one. She was my baby, my little girl. I helped bring her into the world. I kept her safe and loved her unconditionally. It was me who rode with them to the hospital. I changed her diapers, I spent hours talking to her through a computer screen. I visited to be able to see her when she was a baby. I taught her how to get dressed, how to eat French fries, how to brush her teeth, how to pray and how to sing.

It was my job to tuck her in at night, to make sure she took her bath and kissed her mommy enough. It was me who loved her little personality, who cherished her sweet kisses, who kissed her goodbye every day before school. It was me who played Santa and took a million pictures. I had built us the perfect house and given her the best room she could have ever asked for. It was me who she came to when she had a bad dream, and my side of the bed when she wanted to cuddle with us at night.

None of that had anything on what she had taught me. Izzy had taught me what the real meaning of love was. She had given me this life I was living. She'd led me straight to Miranda. She made our family complete.

I looked down at her hand holding mine. Her little perfect hand that I remember being so small it could only hold one of my fingers.

Izzy never let go of her hold on me, perhaps knowing that I just needed to hold her, or maybe she was afraid of seeing me so emotional. I just couldn't help it. I'd never felt so sad about anything.

Conner came walking out and I didn't even care about him seeing me upset. He gave me a nod and approached us anyway. "Hey Bella, Grandma says that she has somethin' for you and Noah to do. Can you come with me for a sec?"

Thankfully, she didn't turn back to look at me. I watched her walking away and felt like the life was escaping from my body. I put my hands over my eyes and just sat there as the night sky turned to black.

A little while later, I heard someone approaching me, but never looked up. Someone sat down beside me and reached their arms inside of mine. Van's soft voice spoke close to my ear. "I thought I'd find you out here. I leaned my head down on top of hers and just sat there saying nothing. I wasn't crying as bad as before, but I still couldn't see clear on account of my eyes being filled with wetness.

"Colt will do whatever it takes Ty. We won't let her take that title from you. This whole family knows who that child's real father is."

That's when I just lost it again. Van pulled me close and wrapped her arms around me. She rubbed my back and let me cry. "I love her so much, Van. Maybe it's wrong for me, maybe it's selfish. I just don't want to share her. She's my baby, not anyone else's. She's my little girl."

"Shhh, I know she is. You have to calm down, Ty. If Bella or Miranda sees you like this they are going to get upset. You have to be strong for them until we can figure out what to do."

I kept my head against her shoulder. "I'm so scared, Van. I've never hurt like this. Please tell me how to be strong for them, when all I can think about is losing my family."

She pulled away and looked me in the eye. "Ty, no matter what comes out of this, you will be her Daddy. Even at the worst, and she finds out about Tucker, you are still her father. She will always be Isabella Mitchell. Miranda had every right as her mother to change her name. We will get this figured out, I promise."

I knew she meant well and maybe she even believed it herself, but it didn't take away from my fear of losing my daughter's trust. I'd prayed this day would never happen.

"Thanks for coming out here with me," I grabbed her hand and kissed it. "and being my best friend, even when I'm a shithead."

She wiped away my tears. "Ty, we've been through so much, but through it all, I can't imagine you not being a part of my life; my family. You and Miranda mean so much to me and I love you. I love you both. That's never going to change. You have one of the biggest hearts and you're a great husband and father. I'm so proud of you for who you have become. Without you I wouldn't have been able to get over the whole vagina thing at the hospital."

"I knew how much you wanted to be a mother and that you knew damn well that shit wasn't going to look like that forever."

"Yeah, but what you said, it just helped me get over the shock. You made me realize what I was there to do."

"All I said was, 'get your mind off of your giant snatch and into this game. Do you want to have this baby or not? The faster you push her out, the quicker it goes back to its normal size.' It was the truth."

"You got me back on track, so thank you."

"Thank you, Van. For everything." She knew I loved her and appreciated her friendship. "You're pretty darn awesome yourself."

She smiled and stood up. "Tell me something I don't already know." Her smile made me smile as she held her hand out for me. I took it and let her guide me back into the house. Colt nodded as I let go of his wife and went upstairs to be with mine. She needed me and this was my time to be that person she could always count on. We promised for better or worse and I stuck to my promises when it came to family.

Chapter 9

Miranda

It was like a bad dream; like all of my happiness was being taken away from me. I couldn't sit at that dinner table any longer. There was no way I could look at Ty and not burst into tears. I could feel his pain and his worry without even talking to him. I knew it was ripping him apart.

I was so relieved when everyone suggested that I lay down for a little while. Van had come upstairs and tried to get me to relax, but I couldn't help from worrying. There was a chance that Bella was going to find out that Tucker was her real father. As much as that hurt me, it was killing my husband.

After Van left, I cried myself to sleep. I just wanted the pain and worry to go away. I wanted to wake up from this nightmare.

Strong arms wrapped around me and woke me from my sleep. As I opened my eyes, I wasn't awake enough to be prepared to see his eyes so bloodshot. He didn't say anything, as he tried to smile when I looked up at him. Unfortunately, as I reached my arms out for him, he started to cry again. It hurt me so much hearing him like that. I'd seen Ty cry before, but it was out of happiness, not pain.

There were no words I could say to make it go away. My body trembled in his arms, but I refused to let go of him. I refused to back down from being there for him.

"We are goin' to be okay, Ty. You are the only daddy she is ever goin' to have. Nobody can make her stop lovin' you."

He wiped his eyes and shook his head. "One day she will hate me. One day she will understand the truth and hate me for lying to her. She will resent me. I should have never thought I could have her for myself. I never should have believed that she was mine forever."

"Ty, she is yours, in every single way that matters, Babe. She chose you from the very moment she was born. Tucker has nothing to do with who raised her. It was all you. It's always been you." I wiped his face and kissed his lips. He kept his eyes closed and just held me close to his body.

He buried his head into my chest and I stroked his hair. We said nothing and that was probably for the best. Bella was his breaking point. She could make him cry with the drop of a hat, but normally they were happy tears from him being so excited about something she'd done. This was something so terrible.

I started to worry about that woman getting to see Bella. If she won visitation, could she have her name changed? How far was she going to go to ruin my life? She'd had nothing to do with my child, why now? Why now all of the sudden was she doing this? Did us running into her make all of this happen?

Then my mind really started to wander. If Ty lost Bella, would he still want me?

Neither one of us got much sleep that night and we couldn't function the next day either. Finally, the next day, Colt's lawyer showed up at the ranch. He took us into Colt's office and started reading all of the paperwork. After making a few calls, he cleared his throat and wrote a few more things down.

"Okay folks, as it stands right now, Mrs. Chase is petitioning the courts for a visitation type of custody. Now, because you live in a different state there would be certain stipulations to her visitation, if she were to win out in court."

"How do we prevent all of this? Is there any way to keep this from happening?"

He looked over the paperwork again. "According to the paperwork here, it states that there is no father listed on the birth certificate. Is this correct?"

I shook my head and waited for some good news.

"A sure fire way to make this whole thing disappear is for Tucker Chase not to have been the child's biological father. Proving that would give us means to have this whole ordeal dropped."

I looked down and felt all hope leaving the room. This was going to go to court and even though that woman was the biggest piece of shit I had ever met, there was a chance that she could win.

"So if we prove that then all of this goes away? She can't touch us?" Ty's question really confused me. I looked to him and shook my head.

"Yes. Is there something I'm not understanding?" The lawyer looked as confused as I did.

Ty squeezed my hand and I trusted him, even though I had no idea what he was doing. "There's a chance that I am the father. We never had the test done, since I just assumed responsibility anyway. She's always been mine. Are there any stipulations to where the test takes place? I mean, can I schedule it for when I get home?"

Was he insane? There was no way a test would say he fathered Bella.

"I can get all this paperwork submitted and request we postpone any further action until you get everything scheduled. I will give you the office information so that the hospital can fax over the results. Once we have them and if they are in your favor, we can submit to have your name changed on the birth certificate. I have a big trial coming up, so it may take a few months if we reschedule."

"That sounds great. We're sorry to pull you away from your family on a weekend. Something like this just couldn't wait. Let's just hope the paternity test comes out in my favor and we can make this all go away."

Ty and I saw the lawyer out, before I drug him back into the office and waited for him to explain what the hell he was thinking.

He grabbed my hands but I pulled away from him. "What are you doin'?"

"Hear me out, Baby. I was up all night thinking about how to get out of this mess. When he said the only way to get that woman out of our lives was a paternity test, it hit me."

I was so confused. "What hit you? I'm goin' to hit you if you don't explain to me what you're thinkin'."

He leaned against the desk and grabbed my hands. "Tell me you trust me, Miranda."

"I do, but you're startin' to scare me."

"What if I told you there is a way for me to get a paternity test altered? What if I can make it so that nobody can ever take her away from me?"

He was so intent. I just didn't know what to say. "How? I don't understand."

"I know someone from college. His mother works at the hospital in the lab. He can hack into anything. During football, he changed the results of a few blood tests for a couple guys on the team. One of the tests was a paternity test."

His confession made me feel very uneasy. "Please don't tell me you have a child out there somewhere."

He pulled me into his chest. "I have three kids and you're the mother of every one of them. I know this is a crazy idea, and that I can probably go to jail for something like this, but Miranda, I have to do something. I can't just sit here and wait for my daughter's future to be determined. I just can't do it. I have to try this option and I need you to be okay with it. "

I didn't want to tell him no, because saying that meant I didn't believe his plan would work. I was so confused and caught off guard. "Maybe this will all just go away on its own. She obviously only did this because she saw Bella."

He got down on his knees and wrapped his arms around my midsection. "Baby, I am begging you. Please. I have to try. Please just let me look into it at least. I need to do this. I can't let her take my girl."

"Ty, it's illegal. You could go to jail. I can't have twin babies and have their father locked up."

His voice was almost a whisper. "Please."

"You know this guy personally?"

"Technically yes. He is a friend's brother."

"And you think he can really do this and make it legit?"

He shrugged his shoulders. "I at least need to find out. Miranda, if he can, we need to do it."

I shook my head, even though I felt like it was a really bad idea, if it meant saving our family, I was willing to try anything. "Okay."

He hugged me tighter. "If this works she will be out of our lives forever. I can put my name on that birth certificate and our family will never have to hear a word from that family again. It will be over Miranda. I promise you."

God, I hoped he was right.

When we went out in the living room, practically the whole family was waiting for some kind of good news. I wasn't sure what to say and Ty wasn't acting like he wanted to let the family in on his illegal venture. We smiled and acted like the lawyer was going to look into a few different options. It settled everyone that neither Ty or myself were a crying mess.

Instead of staying until Sunday night, Ty and I went home early Sunday after the church service. My parents stayed and agreed to bring Bella and Conner home with them. Ty and I needed some time to deal with what was going on. As much as I wanted to take Bella home with us, I knew we needed to get our emotions together so she didn't have to worry about why her mommy and daddy were upset.

We didn't say much on the ride home. Ty drove the whole way and I just cuddled up against his arm. I had the need to be as close to him as possible. Emotionally, this was taking a toll on us, even if we tried our hardest for it not to.

I thought that once we got home we could finally relax a little, but Ty was definitely not himself. After he carried our bags in, he went into our room and crashed face first onto our bed. I went in there to join him, but for the first time since we had been together, he seemed like he didn't want my company.

Ty's parents decided to stay an extra night, which gave us some time to cope with the bad news. That night when I went to bed, I woke up a few hours later and Ty wasn't in our room. I tiptoed through the house looking for him and when I found him, I didn't even know how to react. He was laying in Bella's bed, holding on to her stuffed animals and crying hysterically. For a few minutes I just stood there watching him. I didn't know how to react. He was so broken and my mistakes had been the reason.

I wanted nothing more than to assure him that we would be okay, but I was so afraid that this was literally going to rip us apart. If this woman found some way to weasel her way into my daughter's life, I was afraid Ty would never recuperate from something like that. She was his world and it tore my heart up knowing this was crushing him so badly.

I started to turn to go back into our bedroom, but I heard the bed moving and stopped. "Baby, is that you?" He sniffled and sat up, trying to see me in the dark.

"It's me. I woke up and couldn't find you." I walked over to the bed and wiped his eyes. "God, Ty, I am so sorry this is happenin'. You're never goin' to lose her. I wouldn't let that happen."

He started crying against my body again. "I love her so much, Miranda. Maybe I'm just being a selfish ass**le, but I don't want to share her. She is my daughter. From the moment she came into this world she was always mine. It took me a little while to realize it, but she always knew it. She chose me and I chose her. Why is this happening? Why now?"

"Shhh," The tears were pouring down my face. To see my tough husband such a mess was like losing him all together. He was so sad. There had never been a time where I doubted his love for Bella, but I don't think anyone else really understood the extent of his devotion to that child. Just the thought of having to share her, was crushing his heart. "We will get through this and Bella will never call anyone else her father. No matter what, Ty. You aren't losing your daughter. You have to remember that."

"That woman is evil. You and I both know she helped Tucker take Van. She was in on the plan that killed our niece or nephew. She doesn't deserve to live or ever even look at our daughter. I'd rather die than to let that happen."

"I can't live without you, Ty. Please don't talk about dying. Don't ever say that. I have three kids that need you. I need you."

He pressed his lips over mine and held them there. His hot breath covered my mouth. "I'm sorry. I just hate feeling this way. I don't want to spend one day without her. I miss her already and she is coming home tomorrow."

I sat up and turned on the light on Bella's nightstand. "Ty, do you really think this guy can change those results? Do you think we can really do this and not get caught?"

He nodded his head. "I do, Baby. I swear I do."

"Then tomorrow start making calls. I will support whatever you have to do to protect our family. I can't go another day seeing you like this. It's too hard on both of us."

He started kissing me all over my face. "Thank you, Baby, Thank you so much. I will do whatever I have to do. I won't let that woman touch our daughter. I promise you."

"Just promise me one thing."

"Anything Baby, anything."

I started shaking even thinking about saying it out loud. "Promise me that I won't lose you over this."

"Oh God, no, Baby. You will never lose me. I would never ever leave you. My God, is that what you think? You think if we had to share Izzy with that woman, I would leave you and our kids? Jesus, Miranda. I would never do that. You are my world and you own my heart. There will never be anyone else in the world that I'd want to be with. Say you believe me."

My heart was beating so fast. "I do Ty, I swear I do."

We ended up falling asleep in Bella's bed. It wasn't the most comfortable night's sleep, but we were both so emotional that it didn't matter. Ty held me so tight I almost felt like I couldn't breathe. I didn't want him to ever let me go. When the sun came up, he was still holding me tight against his body. Our tears had dried up, but our emotions were still at the highest level.

We did our best not to talk about it, on account of preparing ourselves for Bella's arrival. We promised that we were going to protect her from all of this. If things ended up working out, she would never have to know what we went through.

Ty made a couple calls and left messages for someone to get him the guy's number. We went about our day like our lives were hanging on that phone call. When Conner and Bella walked into the house, Ty seemed to brighten up. She made him smile for the first time in days and I felt myself relaxing, knowing she could make him feel better.

Ty went back to work on Tuesday and by Wednesday he was starting to panic again. I ended up not feeling well and staying home from work, so he took the car and took Bella to school before going into work. I got a call at five o'clock from Ty saying he was going to try and hunt down where the guy was staying. Something about it made me feel uneasy, but I had faith that my husband knew what he was doing. Ty's mom had gone out and picked Bella up from school for me and Conner took her out to ride the tractor to give me some time alone.

At eight o'clock Ty walked in the door. He gave me a big hug and was smiling. "He said he can do it. He said he can change the results for us."

"Just like that?"

"It's gonna cost a grand, but he said he would do it. I just need you to call and set up the appointment at the hospital." He squeezed my hands. "We're going to be okay, Baby. Bella is never going to have to know this ever happened."

Relief washed over me. I couldn't believe the guy had come through for us.

"I just need to pay for the test and pay the guy and he will take care of everything else. This nightmare will be over in the next few weeks and we can pretend it never happened. She'll never be able to cause us problems again."

Ty seemed confidant, but there was something about his tone that made me worry. I didn't know what it was, but I promised that I would trust him. I knew he loved us and would never do anything that he thought would hurt us. Maybe, just maybe, everything was going to be okay.

Chapter 10

Tyler

I promised myself that I would never lie to her; that I would never keep something from her that could hurt our marriage, and I had broken that promise.

There was only one way for me to protect my daughter and doing so meant I had to call someone I never wanted to see again. The first call was quick. She didn't know my new number and I didn't really want her to. She'd caused so many problems in my past, it killed me that she was my one link to solving this problem.

After the first message and she hadn't called back, I left several more, probably sounding more desperate for a call back than I should have, but that is what I was. I was so desperate. I couldn't imagine one more minute of thinking I could lose anything about my relationship with my little girl.

Finally, by Wednesday, I couldn't take the waiting game any longer. I called Miranda and told her I was going to go to the person's house to try and talk to them. I didn't want to tell her who the person was. She would have told me not to do it. She would have changed her mind and I couldn't bear hearing that. I had to go through with it. I was doing it for Izzy.

I sat out front of her place for a while just wondering what I was going to say. We'd obviously ended things on terrible terms and after I married Miranda and called Izzy my own, she stopped bothering me, but there I sat in front of Heather's house, hoping she could help me save my daughter.

I had to conjure enough balls to actually walk to her front door and knock and part of me expected some kind of slap in the face when she did answer. She opened the door and rolled her eyes, but let me in anyway.

Oh shit! She looks pissed. This is a terrible idea.

"I didn't return your calls on purpose, Ty."

"I wouldn't have called if it wasn't important, Heather." As I followed her up the stairs of her split level home, I felt nothing, no attraction to her at all, in fact I hated everything about her.

She wasn't an ugly girl, she was quite the opposite, but I just had no interest in her. Not only had our relationship never been labeled, I actually hated her. She was a self centered little bitch who didn't care who she hurt.

My heart belonged to one person and there was not a single person out there that could ever make me feel different.

"Did the wife leave you? Let me guess...you cheated on her and had another illegitimate child?" Her sarcasm was already getting on my last nerve. I followed her to the kitchen and sat down at the breakfast bar while she got out two beers.

She slid mine across the counter and waited for me to respond. I held up my left hand and flashed her my ring. "Still married."

"Did she kick you out? Wise up to your ass**le ways?" In my head I kept mocking her every word. "Did she kick you out? Wise up to your ass**le ways?"

"No, actually we are expecting twins in a couple of months." Yeah, take that in bitch. My life is perfect. I wasn't going to let her think I was here for anything other than Izzy, but I wasn't about to let her talk bad about my wife either. "Miranda and I are happy Heather. Nothing will ever change that. I'm here because I need your help and I wouldn't have come if I wasn't desperate."

"What are you talking about? If you're so happy, what could you possibly want my help with? Did she stop making your dick hard? Are you needing someone else to bring you back to life?"

Aw, Hell no!

"No! Shut the f**k up about my marriage. My wife is amazing and I will never have trouble getting it up. Not that it's any of your business. I am here about my daughter."

She leaned over the counter and scrunched up her face. "Come again? Ty, I have no idea what you are blabbing about. I haven't seen or heard from you in years and you come to my house to talk about your kid. Are you on crack?"

I put my hands up to my face and tried to calm down. I have no idea why being around this chick always made me feel like I wanted to punch her in the face. I'd never hit a girl, but damn I wanted to hit her. "She's not really mine, Heather."

"Did that bitch trap you only for you to find out she wasn't yours later and now she is all knocked up with your real children?" If she calls my wife a bitch again, I'm going to go bat shit crazy up in here.

"Jesus Christ, would you just shut up and hear me out. Please?" I stood up and started pacing around the room. "I've known Miranda my whole life. My cousin Colt is her cousin from his other side of the family. We grew up celebrating holidays and spending summers together as kids. We even used to tell everyone we were related, even though we weren't. She got involved with this piece of shit, who got her pregnant and abandoned her. When Van left me for my cousin Colt, I drove down to Kentucky with her and just by chance she and I helped deliver Miranda's daughter, Isabella. From that moment I fell in love with that little girl. The loser boyfriend came back into the picture and beat the shit out of Miranda, so she and Izzy came to stay with me. She didn't need to know the other details. I would have been here all night. I think you can figure out the rest of the story."

"So that night she was running from a crazy ex?" She was finally paying attention to what I was saying.

"You mean the night you were trying to seduce me with the idea of having a threesome? Yeah, that night. To make matters worse, I already had serious feelings for Miranda and you almost ruined everything by being there. She needed to feel safe and instead she thought I was a total douche."

Another reason I hate you so much.

"Like I knew who she was? Besides, I wanted you for myself. Kid or no kid, I was there to have a good time. You seemed like you were changing your mind when she came in."

"Because I never in a million years thought I had a chance with her. Listen Heather, my life is different. I have a family that means everything to me. I am here because I have no other options. I wouldn't be telling you all of this unless it was life or death for me. If you ever cared a rat's ass about me, you will at least hear me out."

Please just help me.

She sat back and threw her arms in the air. "Fine tell me."

"I married Miranda because she showed me what loving someone was about. I never felt that way with Van or with anyone else in my life. I never imagined having a built in family, but once they moved in, I never wanted them to leave. Izzy means the world to me and I am the only father she has ever known. I gave her my name and thought it would be enough to make her mine forever. Her biological father died after he kidnapped Van and caused her to miscarry her first child."

"Holy shit! I never liked her, but that is awful."

"They have a beautiful little girl and a son, but yeah it sucked balls. Anyway, we thought we would never have to worry about me being Izzy's dad. A few weeks ago we took a trip to Kentucky and ran into the father's mother. She made a big deal about talking to Izzy, and at the time, we got out of the place we were at and thought nothing of it. Miranda got served with papers when we went back for a Christening. The woman, who has never spent one day with my daughter, is trying to sue us for visitation."

She seemed to be listening to me, but still scrunched her face up as she listened. "I still don't get what you need my help for. I don't even know your wife. I mean, I know who she is. I see her at the salon sometimes. I don't think she remembers me though."

What the f**k? Was she stalking my wife? Did Miranda even know?

"The lawyer said the only way we could stop her from taking Izzy is if we could prove that I was her father."

"But you're not."

"That's why I'm here Heather. I need Toby's help. I need you to convince him to do what he did in college again."

She cocked her eyebrow. "You came here for me to get my brother to help you? Ty, how could you think for one second that I would help you? Do you not understand that I was in love with you? You ripped my heart out."

Not this again. I feel like ripping out my hair and screaming at this dumb bitch.

"I never gave you any impression that we could ever be more than friends, if we were ever even that. I'm not trying to be cold or hurt your feelings, Heather, but I have no other options here. If you ever loved me then please, Heather, please help me keep my daughter safe. I will pay you whatever you want, just help me. I wouldn't have come if I wasn't desperate. I can't lose her."

Please help me save my daughter, my perfect little princess.

"Toby doesn't do that shit anymore. Our mom got him a job at the hospital. He is legit now. I think you need to leave Ty. I don't know how you even have the nerve to come here and ask me for my help. I'm the last person that would want to help you."

Don't take no for an answer. Beg if you have to.

"I'll give you five hundred dollars."

"Just go Ty." She led me back to the front of the house.

"A thousand." She turned her head as she was opening her front door. Her eyes got wider.

"You would give me and my brother a grand to help you? All this for a child that isn't even yours?"

"Please, Heather."

She rolled her eyes and closed the front door. "Let me call him and see if he's even willing to do something like that."

I sat on the couch, for what seemed like hours and listened to her filling her brother in. When she finally hung up, I had given up all optimism on my plan working. She sat down in the chair across from me and folded her hands together. "He said he can do it. Since he works in the lab himself now, it will be even easier to manipulate the test. He said it would be even better if you could get a male that is blood related to the child to donate a sample instead of you. Does anyone live close enough?"

"Her uncle lives with us."

"Well, since they aren't testing the mother, he will show up as sharing similar chromosomes to the child. My brother can manipulate everything else to say what it needs to say. He wants the thousand dollars upfront and he said he will set up the appointment that way he handles the paperwork himself."

Oh my God...my idea was working.

I felt like I wanted to cry again, but not because I was sad, because I was getting a paternity test that was going to save my daughter and keep her with me forever.

"So that's it?"

"I will text you what time you need to come in. Have the uncle go with you." I didn't care about her shortness. I was elated.

I don't know why, but I stood up and hugged Heather. "I know I was an ass**le to you for a really long time and I'm sorry for that. Thank you for this Heather. Thank you for saving my little girl."

She pushed me away and walked me down to the front door. "Have the money ready and I will call you with a time to go in. Oh, and Ty...."

"Yeah?"

"You look good, maybe even hotter than I remember." She threw me what I think was supposed to be a sexy smile.

It didn't matter what she said. All I wanted to do was get to my wife. I practically ran out of there, just trying to get home to Miranda to tell her the news. It was already dark outside and I knew she was already starting to worry. I hadn't called her at all.

My drive home was fast and when I got in the door, the first thing I did was hug Miranda and tell her it was going to be okay. I couldn't tell her who was helping us, but to me, it didn't matter. Izzy was the important factor and everything was going to work out.

I knew she wouldn't approve, God she would have just gotten her pregnant self in a tizzy. We were already too worried, I couldn't have her going into early labor over all of this. I just wanted this whole ordeal to be done and over with.

Izzy came running out of her room. "Daddy, where did you go? You didn't eat dinner with us."

I picked her up and carried her to the kitchen. She was really getting to be heavy. "Did you save me something? Daddy is really hungry."

She nodded her head. "It's in the microwave."

"Tell you what kiddo, why don't you go get your pajamas and meet me in the bathroom. I'll be there in a minute."

She hugged me one more time before heading toward her bedroom. "Hurry up!"

I looked out into the living room to see Miranda curled up on the couch. She was reading one of her baby books, but it was sitting in her lap and she was intently looking right at me. A smile started on one corner of her lips. I flashed her a full one back. "Love you."

"I love you too."

I let my food cook in the microwave and walked over to my wife. Once I got down on my knees, I grabbed her hands in mine. "So much, Miranda. I love you so much."

She removed one of her hands and ran it over my face. "Are you okay? You seem, I don't know...weird?"

"This weeks just been rough on me. It's all going to get better now, in fact it's going to go away forever, Baby. I promise."

She ran her hands through my hair as I reached up to kiss her. The food was beeping and I could hear Izzy calling me from her bathroom.

Miranda started to get up. "I can get her bath goin', Babe."

"No, no, I can do it. I will be right back. Just stay right where you are." I ran back and saw my daughter standing bare ass naked with her hands on her hips.

"Iz, little girls don't stand around naked."

"Well, you told me to wait in the bathroom, Daddy."

I shook my head and laughed at her. "Do you want Uncle Conner to see your hiney?"

She giggled. "No way!"

"Well then you need to not walk around with no clothes on. Boys aren't supposed to see your girl parts." I checked the temperature of the water before lifting her into the tub.

She swished the water around and looked up at me. "Daddy, you look at Mommy's girl parts. I saw you do it before."

I was a pretty tan guy, but I actually felt the color of my face changing to a bright red. I cleared my throat and sat the seat down on the toilet, so I could think about what to say. "Iz, Mommy and I are adults and we are married. When you get to be a grown up and you fall in love......." Oh shit! I was f**king this all up.

I walked out into the hallway. "Miranda, can you come in here? I need you."

She met me in the hallway. "What's wrong?"

I got close enough, so that our daughter couldn't hear us. "I was trying to explain to Iz that she shouldn't walk around naked and that she needed to cover her girl parts. She wants to know why I like to look at you when you're naked."

Miranda covered her mouth to contain her laughter. "So, what did you tell her?"

"I started to say something, but I think it's a mom kind of conversation, don't you?"

She shook her head and walked into the bathroom with me. "I think you are a chicken shit."

I smacked her ass before we both stood over the tub looking at Iz, playing with her mermaid doll. "Mommy, Daddy says that I can't show my girl parts, but you do it all the time. How come?"

Miranda looked at me and smiled, before looking back to Iz. "Sweetie, little girls can't show their girl parts. You can't show your girl parts until you get married."

"So Daddy never saw your girl parts until you got married?"

"That's right," Miranda lied.

It would have been too easy for the conversation to end at that. "Well, do you like looking at Daddy's boy parts?"

Miranda rubbed her belly and I had to stick my fist against my mouth to keep from busting into laughter. "Why do you want to know?"

She shrugged. "Well, I know Daddy looks different than us."

Miranda looked shocked, like she was going to scream. "And how do you know that?"

"Noah showed me his boy parts before. He said that all boys look like him. How come we can't stand up when we pee pee?"

Of course my wife turns to me for help. I leaned against the bathroom door and took a deep breath. "Iz, girls and boys have different parts. Little girls are too pretty to stand up when they pee. God wanted you to be comfortable when you had to go potty. Boys are tough so we have to stand."

Miranda took her hand and smacked her face, shocked at my answer. I threw her a wink. "So God thinks girls are pretty?"

"Yes, he thinks you're beautiful. Now get washed and get out before you turn into an ugly prune." Miranda stood up and walked me out into the hallway. "Really? God wants us to sit when we pee? You know she is goin' to tell her teacher that."

"It's better than her talking about you staring at my dick like it's a bedtime snack."

Miranda kept walking, while shaking her head. I followed behind her and sat down on the couch. My dinner was cold again, but I didn't care. I was starving.

While I ate, she continued to watch me. "You want a bite?"

"I'm goin' to bite somethin'."

"Want me to lift my plate up, so you can get started?" A large pillow came at my head. Since I was eating, I didn't have time to protect my face.

"You pull it out and just see what I do to it, smart ass."

The truth was that I was getting hard just imagining her mouth on it. I was trying to chew my food up, but my focus was now on my cock. Miranda got up from the couch and left me sitting there alone.

"What do you want to drink, Babe?"

Aww, she was being nice.

"I don't care. I can share yours."

Izzy came out and jumped on the couch. Her pajamas were stuck to her body. "Can I have a bite?"

I handed her a green bean and touched her pajamas. "Iz, did you get dressed while you were still wet?"

"You forgot to give me a towel." She grabbed another green bean.

"Are you cold?"

Miranda walked into the living room and sat down on the other side of me.

"My feet are." I set my plate down and started warming her little toes.

"You better give Mommy a kiss, we need to get you in bed."

She sadly crawled over my lap and kissed her mother. "Goodnight Mommy."

"Night Baby."

I picked her up and carried my big girl to her bedroom. After I got her tucked in she folded her hands like she always did.

"Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the lord my soul to keep. In the morning when I wake, I pray the lord my soul to take. Matthew, Mark, Luke and John, bless the bed that I lay on. God please bless my Mommy and my Daddy and my Uncle Conner and Aunt Van, and Uncle Colt and Noah and Sam and Christian and my teacher and Harvey."

She opened her eyes. "Did I forget anybody, Daddy?"

I leaned down and kissed her." No, I think God knows you love everyone."

"I forgot Mimi and Poppy and Grandma."

"It's okay; I think he knows you love them too." She remembered Colt's dog though.

"Daddy, are you mad at me?"

I looked right at her. "What are you talking about, Iz? Why would I be mad at you?"

She shrugged. "You didn't get me from school today and you didn't come home to eat dinner. Mommy looked sad too."

"Isabella, Daddy isn't mad at you. I love you with all of my heart, Sweetie. I had something to do tonight, that's all. I'm sorry I made you think that. You know you're my favorite girl in the whole wide world."

"And Mommy too."

I kissed her forehead. "Yeah, and Mommy too. Get some sleep. I will see you when your pretty face wakes up."

"Love you, Iz."

"Love you too."

She could never get how much I loved her.

Miranda was washing my plate when I made it back into the living room. "Where's Conner?"

"At your parents. Your mom is trying to set him up with some girl from her prayer group."

"What? Are you freaking kidding me?" There was no way Conner could be interested.

"I gave him twenty bucks to go through with it. He claims he is goin' to act like an ass the whole time." Before Miranda got done talking, I reached my arms around her waist and hugged both her and my twins.

"I missed you today." More than she knew.

She turned around and wrapped her arms around my neck. "More than yesterday?" Her nose pressed against mine, but she didn't kiss me.

I started closing my eyes, imagining those passionate lips making contact with mine. I licked mine to get them wet and ready. "So much, Baby."

She talked and let her lips touch mine. "Show me."

I picked her up and sat her on the countertop. She immediately wrapped her legs around me. After the week I was having, I couldn't wait to be inside of her.

I needed to touch her, to hold her and to feel her close to me.

Chapter 11

Miranda

Ty's kisses were hungry, almost ravenous. I was on the countertop for only a few seconds before he was carrying me to our bedroom. After he sat me down on the bed, he ripped off my jogging pants taking my underwear with them. He unzipped my jacket and somehow kicked off his workpants at the same time. I reached up and started unbuttoning his uniform shirt. He grabbed a chunk of my hair and pulled my head back as he came in and bit down on my bottom lip, pulling away with it.

I ripped his shirt down his arms and let him do the rest removing it. His undershirt came over his head with one pull and I ran my hands up his bare chest.

Ty growled as he laid me flat on the bed and unhooked my bra. He cupped my breast into his hands and buried his face into mine. He sucked so hard, I let out a small cry. I took my feet and pushed down the boxers off of his ass.

He pulled away from me and took in my naked appearance. "You're so f**king sexy."

I started to sit up, but he pushed me back down on the bed. "Stay right there." Ty got down on his knees at the foot of the bed and grabbed both of my legs, pulling me down until my hot sex was right in front of his face. "I've wanted to do this all day." He dove right in, licking and sucking me like he was fighting till the death. It was painful and fantastic at the same time. He ignored my cries as he pushed his tongue hard against my swollen nub. Even after I came, he continued licking me, over and over, all the while looking straight up at me. I had to sit on my elbows and found myself falling back a few times, because I couldn't control the surge of trembles that were overpowering every limb of my body.

His face came up to my belly and rubbed my wetness all over it. "Tell me how it felt."

Two could play this game.

I grabbed him by his hair and pulled him up to my face. My tongue licked all over his chin, while my hands in his hair kept me in control of his head. "So f**king good, Babe."

"Turn your fine ass around. I need to be inside of you right now."

I turned over slowly and scooted myself on the bed further. I felt the mattress moving as Ty came up behind me. I started to spread my legs and put my ass in the air, but Ty came up and grabbed my hips. He didn't even feel down there before he drove himself right into me. The instant pressure hurt at first and I cried out into the room.

He gritted his teeth when he talked to me and grabbed the back of my hair as he thrusted himself in and out of me, repeatedly. "Tell me you like it."

I closed my eyes and focused on how good it felt. "Oh yeah, I want it harder."

He started pumping me even harder. I reached down between my legs and cupped his balls into my hand, massaging them as he f**ked me. The harder he invaded me, the more I squeezed. "Oh God, Miranda." Ty collapsed over my back and finally let go of my hair. I relaxed my head and felt little kisses all over my back.

He fell down over the bed next to me and pulled me on top of his chest. "Sorry." He was trying to catch his breath.

"For what?"

He stroked my hair. "If I hurt you. Just feeling so stressed about everything. I didn't mean to take it out on you, especially with the babies."

"Babe, you didn't hurt me. I had three orgasms in like five minutes. I'm not complainin'. I get it. I know you would never really hurt me, besides, sometimes I like it." I played with his nipple while I talked.

"I feel better, like we can really get away with this plan and never have to deal with this shit again. I just want to take care of my family." He put his hand over his face. "I hate feeling this way. It hurts so much."

"I know, Babe."

He reached around and cupped one of my ass cheeks in his hands, pulling my body up and causing my face to be even with his. "Please kiss me."

I kissed him passionately, letting my love for him guide me. After a good few minutes he broke our kiss and hugged me against his body. "Ty, are you okay?"

"Please just don't ever doubt me. I'd never want to hurt you."

His words were so weird to me. Ty was usually so sure of himself, especially after sex. In fact, some nights I could have taped his mouth shut, I got so sick of hearing it. "Babe, are you sure there is nothin' else botherin' you? You seem off."

I set back and watched him slide off the bed and walk into our bathroom. It confused me how for the first time I felt like he didn't want to talk to me. He'd always been so open and as much as I wanted to be angry, I felt hurt about it, like he didn't trust me.

The shower turned on and I could hear him opening the cap to the shampoo. I walked into the bathroom and climbed in the shower behind him. My lips placed kisses over his back as I hugged him close to me. He reached his hands up to his chest and held both of my hands there while he leaned against the wall, letting the water fall down the both of us.

Ty usually held his emotions on his sleeve, so for him to not want to talk was making me worry. His silence left me uneasy. "Ty, please talk to me. You're scaring me."

He turned around slowly and I watched the water, hitting his head and trickling down his face. His wet lips opened to say something, but he closed his eyes and pressed them to my head instead. When he finally let go, he grabbed the shampoo and started washing my hair. His fingers massaged my scalp and I started to relax from the way he always tried to nurture me.

"Everything's going to be fine, Baby. I promise."

He put my head under the flow of the water and rinsed the soap away. I opened my eyes and saw him looking down at me. He was staring through me. "Make love to me."

His lips found mine and I got ready for him to take me to our room and emotionally fill the void I was feeling, but instead he pulled away and grabbed me a towel. He wrapped me up and helped me step out of the shower. "I need to get some sleep. Rain check?"

I wanted to chalk this up to my pregnant hormones, because I have no other reason why tears started running down my cheeks. I loved rough sex, especially with Ty, but earlier we weren't connected and I didn't like it. Something was missing. Something was off.

I had a terrible time sleeping, and when I heard my brother coming in, I met him in the living room. "Hey."

He sat his keys down on the table and gave me a funny look. "You alright?"

I shrugged my shoulder and hugged a pillow on the couch. Conner sat down next to me and seemed genuinely concerned. I could tell from his face that he had been drinking. "Are you drunk?"

He smiled. "Maybe a little. Your mother in law makes some good bourbon slushes."

I traced the baseball on Ty's pajama pants I was wearing. "How was the date?"

Conner sat back and ran his hand through his hair. "She's alright. Nothin' to write home about. Seems like she's a little needy."

"Well you stayed over there for a while."

"She left around nine. I was watchin' a huntin' video." I am sure my mother in law loved that.

"Thanks for goin'."

He placed his hand on my leg and looked directly at me. "Randa, tell me what's wrong."

I turned so that I was facing him more. "I don't know. Ty's just been actin' weird. Maybe it's just me overreacting."

"You need to keep in mind that right now he is scared of losin' his bond to that little girl. He loves you. As much as I wished he didn't years ago, I know that it's true."

I leaned over and kissed my brother on the cheek before he stood up and headed in the direction of his room. I wanted Conner to be right about Ty.

After getting myself all upset, I climbed back into bed. Ty was lightly snoring and I cuddled my body up against him. One of his hands reached down and connected with me. Our fingers became entangled and I fell fast asleep.

Our morning routine was always hectic and I had little time to even say a single word before I climbed in the car with Ty and Bella. He dropped me off first like every morning and then took Bella to get her juice and donut before school. I got my normal goodbye kiss and a smile before climbing out of the car.

Amy was already in the salon, doing some paperwork when I walked in. "Hey girl. How's those little boys treating you?"

"They are making me lose sleep."

"Too bad you can't have some real coffee," she teased.

"You suck!"

"So Stacy called out and asked if you could take two of her clients today. You have a Chelsea at nine and a Beth at eleven. I tried to give you room for your other appointments." She closed the schedule and started walking toward me. "I think your belly is growing every day. You know I won't hold it against you if you want to stop working for awhile. Your station isn't going to go anywhere."

I smiled and sat down in my chair. "Thanks. It won't be much longer before I can't take it. My feet kill me at night."

"Why don't you just finish out this month and clear your schedule. Your clients all know you are having twins. They aren't going to judge you for it."

"Ty will be happy if I do that. He keeps fussin' at me to stop workin'. So how are things for you? Did anything bad happen last night?"

"Nothing that I can't handle, little lady."

Amy walked away without me being able to reply. I was sure he was beating her. She kept wearing shirts that covered her arms and wearing pants instead of the skirts that she used to wear every day. I hadn't told Amy about what happened during our last visit to Kentucky. I think she knew something was off, but with her own life being such a mess, I wasn't exactly her first concern.

I hadn't even realized that it was already noon, but when Ty walked in to pick me up for lunch, I felt relieved. I had packed us lunch, so we went outside and sat at a picnic table. "You think on your way home you could get some of those meatballs from the store that I like? I was thinking that Iz and I could make spaghetti and meatballs tonight."

"You're goin' to cook?" He liked to cook, but I was usually the one that did it.

"Yeah, I want you to go home and relax. Your feet are starting to swell. I don't mind and Iz likes to help." He finished his sandwich and stuck his trash in the bag. "So are you going to pick me up at five?"

"Of course. You ready to head back to work?" His phone caught us both off guard when it started ringing. Conner had a specific ring on Ty's phone so he knew to always answer and this wasn't any ring I recognized. "Who is it?"

Ty ignored me and started to get up and walk away as he answered it. As quick as he walked away, he started heading back in my direction. I just sat there waiting for him to explain why he had to walk away. "Sorry bout that, Baby."

"Who was that?" I'd never been so up in his shit before and I didn't even care if he didn't like it.

"It was just work. There was a bunch of noise and I couldn't hear good." I could tell from the way he wouldn't look at me that he was lying.

He leaned over to kiss me and I reached in his pocket and grabbed the phone. Before he could argue, I looked at the last number. It was a cell number, but no name was by it.

"Miranda, what the f**k is your problem?" He pulled the phone out of my hand.

My Ty didn't keep secrets from me. He left his phone out and didn't care who was calling him when he was with me. "You just lied to me." It was almost a whisper as it came out of my mouth. I grabbed the car keys and started walking toward the car.

"Baby, wait! Please." He jumped in front of the car door preventing me from getting in. "It's not what you're thinking. I swear to God it isn't."

"Then why can't you tell me?"

He jingled change in his pockets. "Because it has to do with Izzy and because what I'm doing is illegal, I didn't want you involved. The person called with the appointment. Conner and I go in next Thursday for the test."

I tried to push him out of the way, but he stood still and grabbed my arms. "Baby, I swear it was about Izzy. I am telling you the truth."

I did believe him, but I hated that he felt like he had to keep it from me. I wanted to be involved. She was my daughter too. "I'll pick up Bella and get your meatballs before I come to pick you up."

"You're going to make me walk back to work?"

"It's two blocks Ty."

He grabbed my waist and pulled it into him. "Please don't be like this. I can't stand it."

"You promised no secrets. I'm not your girlfriend, I'm your wife, Ty. I'm almost six months pregnant and I can't take this stress right now. I'm scared too. Don't you get that? This just isn't tearin' you up inside, I'm feelin' it too. I can't stand that you're shuttin' me out." Of course I got myself all upset and started to cry into his chest. "You lied and said it was your work and then you expect me to believe you. You can't lie to me Ty."

"I'm just trying to protect you, I swear."

I looked up at him. My eyes burned from the tears. "Don't! Don't you dare protect me from somethin' that directly involves me."

He scrunched up his face like he was in pain and kissed my forehead. "Alright." He climbed into the passenger side and I drove him back to his shop. When he leaned over to kiss me goodbye, I didn't react to his lips. He hurt me. For two and a half years we had no secrets. Even if it only involved Bella, he had no reason to hide it from me. I wanted to wring his neck.

I went home and ate a whole quart of ice cream and then spent the afternoon throwing it up. When it was time to get Bella and Ty, I felt awful. Bella came running out with a book bag full of artwork and papers. She climbed in the car and immediately began talking. "We need to get meatballs."

"How about a 'hi Mom' first."

"Sorry, but Daddy says we need meatballs."

"They are in the bag next to you. I went right before I got here." I looked in the rear view mirror to spy on my daughter making sure I bought her father's favorite kind. She got a smile on her face as she closed the bag.

Ty was leaning against the building as we pulled up. He smiled at Bella before climbing into his seat. "Hey ladies. Are you ready for a fancy dinner?"

"YES!" Bella couldn't contain herself.

Ty reached over the seat and grabbed my leg. "Are we okay?"

I gave him a quick smile and started on our venture home. I wanted more than anything for us to be okay, but I was honestly still a little pissed at him. I didn't understand why he would lie to me. I was a big girl. I could handle it.

Ty and Bella talked about her day at school, while I drove home in silence. He knew I was still angry at him and I appreciated that he didn't push my buttons with our daughter in the car.

When I put the car in park and got out to go inside, he ran around to my side and stopped me. Bella had the bag of meatballs in her hand and turned around to wait for us. "Go ahead inside Iz, I need to talk to Mommy real quick."

She did as she was told and went right into the house. Ty put one hand on either side of me and pinned me against the car. He stared directly into my eyes. "Don't do this, Baby."

I wasn't going to give him his way. "Do what, Ty? Give a shit about your feelin's? Be mad at you for lyin' to me?"

"You know this whole thing has me all messed up. Everything I'm doing is for our family. I said I was sorry, Miranda. I can't have you mad at me. I can't stand it. I got nothing done all afternoon because all I could think about was you." I could see the pain in his eyes. He never looked away from me.

"You hurt me today. It broke my heart knowing you lied to me."

His body came closer and soon I felt him completely pressed against me. "I love you." As fast as he said it he pulled away and walked into the house. I waited a couple minutes just to be a bitch about it. Maybe I was overreacting, but I didn't want him lying to me to become a habit. He needed to know he was wrong.

Bella was standing on a chair filling a pot with water, while her father was opening the bag of meatballs and pouring them and a jar of sauce into another pot. He put the lid on it and turned on the other burner to boil the water for the noodles. "I'm going to grab a five minute shower while all of this is cooking. Can you throw in the noodles if it starts to boil before I'm out?"

I nodded as he ran by and headed toward our bedroom. Bella was setting the table with paper plates and plastic forks. When she and Daddy did the cooking, they also did the dishes. Buying them paper plates just made it easier on all of us.

Before the water began to boil, Ty came walking out in a pair of pajama pants and no shirt. I was trying to get comfortable on the couch on account of the two little ones in my belly causing a commotion. When I saw my husband and smelled his body wash, I almost needed to fan myself. His wet hair was disheveled on his head and he gave me a wink as he walked by.

I loved that man.

I was crazy about him.

I followed him with my eyes, only to get caught and share a moment with him before he gave our daughter his attention. In that moment I had forgiven him completely. Life was too short to dwell on little things. Ty had never given me a reason to not trust him. I knew this was all taking a toll on him and he just was doing the best he could to get through it.

Chapter 12

Tyler

I was digging myself into a hole that I wasn't sure I knew how to get out of. Instead of just telling my wife the truth, I had hid it from her. Now she had discovered that I lied to her. To make matters twenty times worse, I was still keeping something from her; something that could be construed as the wrong thing.

I knew that I wanted nothing to do with Heather, but my daughter's fate was in her hands. That call today had been about my appointment, but I didn't want Miranda to hear a female's voice talking to me. I wanted to be able to say I could get all of this taken care of without Miranda ever knowing who I had to call, but as the time went by I feared it was going to be harder than I thought.

Miranda seemed better after dinner. She came up and hugged me around my waist and when we watched television, she cuddled her body against me. Being close to her made me so happy. She was so cute when she was pregnant. Sometimes I couldn't believe that someone so beautiful could love me.

She was perfect.

Just like every night since she'd gotten pregnant, I grabbed the bottle of cocoa butter and started rubbing her feet. She got herself comfortable and smiled at me while I massaged them. I worked my way up her legs and finally got to her belly. I took the lotion and wrote "I love you" on her stomach. Miranda looked down and smiled. It was so cool how the twins would react to touch. The more my hands moved around, it stimulated them, causing them to bounce and kick up a storm.

I could tell it was making Miranda uncomfortable, but touching her skin, especially after feeling like she hated me; well of course I got turned on. When our eyes met, I couldn't hide the passion that I was feeling for her. She bit down on her lip and I could sense that she felt it too.

"Let's go to bed," I suggested.

I stood up and reached out both hands to pull her off the couch. She reached her arms around my waist and held me for a second. Just feeling her embrace me was the best feeling all day. I could never lose her. Losing her would be like dying a slow death.

Miranda had the biggest heart, was a great mother and the best wife. I thanked God every single day for giving her to me to share my life with. My family was beautiful and protecting them always came first.

I wasn't used to fighting with her; in fact we barely bickered, so the recent outburst of mistrust was hard on both of us. I felt guilty, overwhelmingly guilty.

I was already in bed when Miranda climbed in beside me. She was wearing one of my college t-shirts and her belly filled the whole thing out. She laid down and I pulled the covers up over her legs. From beneath them, I ran my hand up one of her legs and lightly rubbed her panties. I could feel her sweet folds underneath. I'd been so rough with her the night before and I hated myself afterwards. Don't get me wrong, she used to love it and even more intense shit than that, but now that she was carrying my babies, I needed to be more gentle, more considerate of her fragile body.

"Ty?"

"Yeah Baby?"

She ran her hands through my hair as I rested my head against her belly. "Have you ever thought about cheating on me?"

Holy shit! Why would she ever think that?

"Of course not! Why would you even think something like that? Baby, we own two cars and share a ride to work to be together. On the days you work, I spend my lunch hour with you. When you're home, I call and talk to you while I am on my lunch break. How could I even think about cheating when you are all I ever think about. You have me so obsessed with you that I've never even thought about it. In fact, whenever I see another girl, all I think about is how they don't even compare to you. I know in the back of your mind you're worried about that, but Baby, it is never going to happen."

"Oh my God! I feel like an idiot for askin' you that. What is wrong with me? I don't know why I am feelin' so darn insecure. Ty, you haven't given me one reason to doubt you."

I moved my body up even with hers and kissed my wife, holding our mouths together. Her trust meant the world to me and I was lying to her. I felt like the biggest piece of shit. I wanted to just tell her that Heather was the person helping us, but I knew she would get all upset over it. I wasn't interested in that slutty bitch. She had nothing to worry about.

I don't know whether it was the guilt or just the fact that I was so damn tired, but I went to sleep instead of making love to my wife. Thankfully, she fell asleep while I was rubbing her back, so at least she didn't feel rejected.

I woke up to her trying to adjust her position, but my hand had been stuck in her hair. I heard her mumble in pain as my hand was jerked away from me. "Sorry." I felt awful for falling asleep like that. I knew she had a hard time getting comfortable.

Miranda got up to go to the bathroom and as I watched her walk by, I felt a tingle between my legs. She had the sexiest body, even during pregnancy. Her blonde hair was getting so long and it hung down her back. Her belly stretched out my t-shirt but showed off her sexy hips and cute legs.

I walked into the bathroom and stood at the door waiting for her to finish. When she went to walk by, I grabbed her and pushed her against the door frame. She stood there staring at me as I played with the bottom of her shirt. My fingers teased her underwear, before sliding them down slowly. Once I got them to her knees, she shimmied out of them herself.

Miranda took her hand and placed it over my throat, shoving me against the opposite side of the door frame. Her tongue started at my stomach and licked up toward my nipple, while she kept her eyes fixed on me. I watched her tongue circle around one of my ni**les. Out of habit, I began licking my lips.

She reached up on her toes and licked my lips before kissing her way back down, further and further. When she released my neck, her hands slowly trickled down my chest, leaving it tingling. Miranda bit the elastic to my boxers and pulled them away from my skin, before letting them snap back hard. I focused on Miranda and not the pain of the snap. Her hands ran up my legs under the fabric to my boxers. On either side, she was so close to touching my arousal. Her little fingers slightly grazed each side of my balls. Instinctively, I took one hand and grabbed her hair, pulling her face back so I could look into her eyes.

"Be nice." Before the pregnancy my wife enjoyed getting all freaky and rough, but she had since played things safe. I was totally okay with that. I knew she always had new tricks up her sleeve.

Miranda opened her mouth and let her bottom lip drag slowly over top of the fabric where my erection protruded. She pulled away but only to use her tongue the second time around, all the while letting her fingers tickle the sides of my balls again.

Since I was obviously growing harder by the second, she was able to mouth over the tip of my cock. She took the fabric into her mouth and blew her hot breath against my skin, before pulling away and licking it again.

Please...please put it in your mouth.

With my hand still stuck in her hair, I pushed her back again. She smiled and licked her lips. "I know you want more." I could feel her fingernails tracing my balls as she spoke.

"I do, Baby."

"Where do you want to put it?" Her blue eyes were focused on the lump in front of her face.

"You know where." My voice was hoarse and as I anticipated her next move, it got harder to talk. She loved to tease me and I loved when she did.

My wife pulled both hands out from my boxers and slid her palms up to surround my hard cock, without touching my bare skin. I wanted her to rip down my boxers, but she took her time, driving me crazier with every second she tortured me with her pleasure filled tongue. "Mmm, so you want it in my mouth?"

"Yes," I groaned out as her thumb traced the length of my dick. "Please."

Miranda yanked down my underwear and smiled as she took in the sight of how hard I was. She looked up at me as she ran her tongue over the tip. As she did it, she let her saliva run down my shaft. Her thumb spread it around and down to the base, before taking a hold of it. She licked up my main vein, leaving it wet for her first stroke, all the while watching me watch her.

I hadn't even noticed that my hand was still in her hair. As she leaned in to take her first full taste, I pulled her head back, preventing her from doing it. It wasn't that I didn't want it in her mouth, because I definitely did. I just got off on how much she did.

She let out a laugh before making her second attempt. I let her get within an inch and pulled her back again. She managed to lick the top, for just a second. Miranda let out a little laugh. "Let me."

She didn't wait for me to respond, before reaching over and taking my girth into her mouth. I massaged her head as I watched her stroking me with one hand, while her mouth moved up and down. I think what was even hotter than my beautiful wife sucking my cock, was the fact that she loved doing it.

I watched as her cheeks puckered as her head moved. I heard her moaning and could feel the vibrations of it between my legs. Her other hand cupped my balls and she gently played with them. The faster her head moved, the faster I could feel myself growing on the verge of release.

The only thing hotter than finishing in my wife's eager mouth, was being inside of her and feeling her come with me. I tightened my hold on her head and pulled her mouth away from my dick. She started to talk, but I lifted her up into my arms. It was hard for her to kiss me with her big belly pressing against mine, so I carried her over to our dresser and sat her down.

Her lips were ravenous as she kissed me . Her tongue teased mine as I pulled off the t-shirt she was wearing. Her perfect tits felt like heaven and I cupped them both as I kissed her again.

My hands grabbed her ass and I pulled her to the edge of the dresser, so that her hot pu**y was touching my hard cock. I reached one of my hands down and stroked her clit while still kissing her. I kissed my way to her ear. "I want you."

I dug my hands into either side of her ass and dove into her eager pu**y. She gasped at my first thrust, but pulled me closer and I began moving in and out of her. "Harder Ty."

With each thrust, I pulled her ass into me. Loud slap sounds filled the room as I pounded into her harder, just like she wanted. She leaned back, causing her perfectly full tits to bounce all around each time we made contact. "Touch yourself....Please, Baby."

Miranda bit her lip and she slowly moved her hand down and started rubbing her own clit. I could feel my release hitting as soon as she made contact, but I stayed focused on her, waiting until her muscles tightened. As soon as her face started to tighten, it was my go ahead. I crashed into her one last time and froze my head into her shoulder.

She didn't wait for me to relax before placing small kisses all down my neck. "I hated feelin' angry at you, Ty. I'm sorry about fightin'."

I cupped my hands onto her face. "You're my life Miranda. I will never want anyone else, not ever."

It was the truth.

The next week went by so slow. I never heard from Heather and I was grateful. As soon as this whole thing was over, I would change my damn number. I didn't want secrets from my wife and it was important for when I did tell Miranda who had helped me, she knew that I couldn't stand the girl.

After I told Conner about the test and what I needed from him, he was on board right away. Miranda wanted to go with us, and I couldn't tell her no. Izzy had to be there, so she figured it was important she was too. Conner and I planned on having the test done quickly and going about our day.

I had to admit, I was nervous. Everything depended on this test and Heather's brother coming through for us. I wasn't exactly sure how he was going to do it, but as long as it worked, it didn't even matter. When her brother came out to greet us, I was so afraid he was going to mention his sister, but he took one look at Miranda and kept to his professional demeanor.

Izzy was a champ when it came time to take her blood. She had watched her uncle giving his and told him she could be just as tough. Of course she cried her eyes out when they pricked her, but she recovered quickly and once we left, we took her for an ice cream.

I ended up getting myself so worked up over this plan actually working, that I told my boss I wasn't coming in. All I had told him was that Izzy had a procedure, so he never even questioned my decision. Conner seemed real happy to be able to help out. Since we were already in town, we decided to stop by Miranda's shop and grab her paycheck. Izzy wanted to go in and see Amy.

Conner decided that he was going to go in and get a haircut. Miranda seemed offended until she realized why. Conner had met Amy when he first moved in. She had come by late one night after her husband was drunk and scared her enough for her to not want to be in his presence.

At the time, Conner was still going through some withdrawals and had a terrible time sleeping. He would stay awake, getting sick every couple of hours. We thought we knew how bad his habit was until he actually went without it. I was proud of him for staying determined.

Brina kept him company when we weren't around. Van had warned her of his condition and she seemed to care enough to help him through it. I still didn't trust the bitch and wished Conner had never hit it.

At any rate, Conner met Amy on one of his bad nights. Of course she was a crying mess, while he was sick as shit, running to the toilet several times. Miranda stayed up for as long as she could, but she was in her first trimester and very exhausted. Amy finally calmed down enough to agree to sit with Conner in case he needed anything.

By the next morning, she was all Conner talked about. The weird thing was that she had left before we woke up. Miranda was worried something had happened, like Conner was being an ass**le, or maybe he tried something. Once she went into work, Amy acted like nothing happened between them, so Miranda dropped it.

In the past few months, Conner had seen Amy at our house quite a few times. Her husband was an alcoholic. He'd been married three times and I have no idea how they ever got together. She was a nice girl, with a good head on her shoulders. She cared more about other people than she did herself. She was older than us, probably in her early thirties, maybe late twenties. Her hair was always a different color, but this week it happened to be a red. She had a cute body, but compared to Miranda, nobody was ever that pretty to me.

For some reason, Conner seemed interested in the lady. I don't know if Miranda got it, until he went in for that haircut. He looked like a f**king moron, walking in there and standing behind Amy as she bent over to dust up some hair on the floor. He waited until she turned around to speak. "Hey, Beautiful, you think I could get my hair trimmed?"

After her initial shock of him standing there, she put her hands on her hips and cocked her eyebrow. "Your sister is fully capable of cutting that head."

He sat down in her seat anyway and turned it to face her. "I reckon I'd rather have you do it." He removed his hat and smiled, showing off his dimples like he was trying to charm his way into her pants.

I let out a low chuckle just watching him fail. Miranda put her hands over her stomach and took Iz into the back to clean up the ice cream mess on her face.

"I don't have time to cut it."

Conner looked around the shop. It was closed for lunch and he already knew it. "It won't take long." He shot me a look reminding me that I was staring. I turned around and faced my wife's station, focusing on her hot picture that displayed her license. I loved seeing Miranda's name listed followed by the name Mitchell. Making her mine was one of the happiest days of my life.

I leaned my head back in the chair and tried to relax, while my fool brother in law continued to basically beg for a haircut.

"Come on, Beautiful, just a quick trim. I don't bite, well at least not unless you ask me to."

I could tell he was on her last nerve, but I stayed out of it. "You're a pig, Conner Healy. Stop calling me beautiful."

"Why? It's the truth. I think you're sexy as hell."

Shoot me now! He was about to get the shit slapped out of him.

"Well, let me remind you that I'm married." I didn't have to look behind me to see she was probably standing in front of him with her hands on her hips.

"You're so pretty when you get all roused up. It's just a haircut, Sweetness. Surely you've cut other sexy men's hair before."

Did he ever give up?

"Fine one haircut, but you're paying double for getting on my nerves," she teased.

I watched in the mirror as she approached Conner. He was laughing at his higher cost for a haircut. Amy shook her head and ran her hands through his hair. He stared at her face, waiting for a reaction. "I bet you imagined runnin' your hands through it, haven't you?"

Damn! I would have gotten smacked by now.

She took a huge chunk in her hand and jerked his head back. "If you don't cut it out, I'm going to shave it all off."

Conner quickly reached his arms around her and pulled her up against his body. She stood there, not letting go of his head. "When are you goin' to stop fightin' this?"

"There is no this!" She took her hands and moved them from him then back to her.

I couldn't see Amy's face, but Conner licked his lips and didn't let go of her. He stood up, causing her to back up. He leaned in toward her ear. "Maybe next time then."

Conner nodded to me with a big grin on his face as he walked out of the salon. I turned to look at Amy, once he was gone and she shook her head and walked into the backroom. Miranda came out a few moments later, just as the door signaled someone was walking in. We both turned to see if it was Conner, and my heart dropped.

Heather came walking into the salon. She was dressed like her normal slutty self. Of course, her stare was on me, and I knew Miranda recognized her immediately. "I'm here for my one o'clock. Is Amy around?"

I looked toward Miranda and pulled Izzy into my arms. She never took her eyes off of Heather. "Amy, your appointment is here."

Heather approached me and didn't stop until she was close enough to touch Izzy. "Hi, what's your name cutie?"

"Isabella Mitchell, but my daddy calls me Izzy."

Heather looked from Izzy to me. She purposely looked at me for a longer amount of time. "What a pretty name. I bet you love your daddy."

"He's my best friend besides Noah, but he's my cousin and we can't get married."

"Is that right. Well, I think I know Noah's Mommy. Is her name Van?" I hated that she was doing this and I was ready for Miranda to pounce. I needed to get them away from this bitch, but pissing her off could cause a real issue with my wife.

"She's my aunt. She's real pretty."

Heather stood up straight again and looked right at Miranda. "It's funny running into you today of all days."

Miranda put her hands on her hips. "And why is that?"

Heather looked down at her nails while she spoke. "Well, wasn't today the big appointment?"

And there it was....the sound of my wife's heart breaking all over the tile floor.

Miranda turned blood red and looked from me to Heather. "How would she know that Ty?"

"Honey, I can explain."

Miranda grabbed Iz out of my lap and started walking toward the door. "Save it!"

I brushed past Heather as I chased down my wife. "You're a f**king bitch Heather."

Before Miranda could get out the door, Heather put her two cents in. "It was only a matter of time before he called me. He always calls me."

I froze.

Miranda went flying out the door, while I chased after her. She was getting Iz into the car and shut the door. Conner was across the parking lot heading in our direction. "Baby, please let me explain."

"Explain? Explain how you lied to me? How you call her? Was that who called last week during lunch? Save the bullshit Ty. I should have believed everyone when they said you could never change. How could you do this to our family? Why couldn't I be enough for you?"

"You're wrong. I swear to you that nothing happened....I" Before I could say anything else, I was being shoved into the side of the car. "Tell me why I just heard what I heard."

I knew he was referring to Miranda accusing me of cheating. "It's not what it looks like. I swear on my children, Conner. I never touched that bitch. I'd never cheat on Miranda."

"How did she know then Ty? How would she have known about the test?" Tears poured out of Miranda's eyes and she covered her face to hide her sadness from me. I reached for her, but got stopped by Conner's forceful arms.

"Because her brother is the one doing the test. I had to track down her first to get his help. I swear Miranda. I didn't tell you because I was afraid you wouldn't trust me. I never touched her. I hate her. I just didn't want to tell you on account of you getting yourself all stressed out. I planned on telling you as soon as I had the test in my hands."

I turned to Conner. "Man, I swear to you. I have never even considered being with anyone else. Your sister is my entire reason for happiness. I'd never cheat on her."

Conner looked me directly in the eye and I didn't look away from him. Miranda cried harder and finally climbed into the backseat. "You can fix this yourself, Ty. You of all people know how jealous Miranda can be. Do this shit at home. We're causin' a scene."

I didn't give a damn who saw me. My pregnant wife was hurting and it was all my fault. I knew I should have just told her the truth.

God Damn it!

Conner and I sat in the front seat, while Miranda's sniffles filled the backseat. We got about five minutes from the house before Izzy started asking questions. "Daddy, why is Mommy crying?"

"Because Daddy hurt her feelings."

"Why did you do that?" She asked.

"Because sometimes people do things without thinking them through, Honey. I didn't want Mommy to be sad." It was the truth, this was killing me.

"I don't want Mommy to be sad. Say you're sorry, Daddy."

"I did, Honey. Mommy just needs some time to calm down. Everything will be okay, I promise." That was a lie. I didn't know. I hoped that something this trivial could be worked out, but Miranda was pissed and I was afraid of what she was going to do.

Conner parked the car and took Izzy inside. He nodded at me, giving me a warning to work shit out. I opened the door and leaned on it, hoping Miranda would step out. She stayed in the car, avoiding eye contact with me. I knelt down on the ground next to the car and tried to grab her hand. She pulled away quickly. "Don't touch me."

"Nothing happened."

She looked at me with such hate. "Why? Did she finally tell you she didn't want you? Did you finally get rejected, Ty?"

I shook my head and grinded my teeth. "No! She didn't f**king reject me. I never wanted her. I went to her house to track down her brother. I explained what I needed and after she got in touch with him, I left. I can't f**king stand her, Miranda. How can you look at me and think so quickly that I would cheat on you?"

"You've done it before. With her!"

"Not with you. I've never even looked at another woman since we've been together. I don't need to."

She put her hand up in front of my face. "Save your bullshit excuses. You lied right to my face. I asked you and you lied."

"You asked if I cheated and I told you the truth. I never f**king cheated on you, Baby. I swear." Once again I tried to grab her hand. She pulled away.

"If you had nothin' to hide, then you wouldn't have had to keep it from me."

"I kept it from you because I knew you wouldn't have let me go through with it. Do you honestly think if I had another choice, I wouldn't have taken it. You know how much our daughter means to me. I had to do this, even if I did it behind your back. Saving her was my first priority. If you hate me for that, then I'm sorry. I love you more than I have ever loved another woman. I'm not interested in anyone else, ever! I would fight for you every single day and give my life to make sure you and our children were taken care of. I know this hurt you, but how do you think I feel sitting here seeing you doubt me? It f**king hurts Miranda."

"You f**ked up, Ty, not me." She got up and started walking away from me.

I chased after her. "You're right. I f**ked up. I don't regret it though, because it may have saved our daughter."

"Our daughter Ty, not your daughter. The decision should have been both of ours."

I threw my hands up in the air. "Tell me what to do? How do I make this better?"

She opened the door to the house and put her head down. "Leave me alone, for starters. I'm not ready to talk to you and I'm not sure what to even say."

"Baby, please. I'm sorry."

She slammed the door, leaving me standing there. I knew walking into the house would have just pissed her off, so I headed toward the barn. When I couldn't find Harvey, or his alcohol stash, I sat down on a bale of old hay and just sulked.

I should have known Heather would sabotage my life. Her lies had caused a wall to be put up between me and my wife. Hell, I didn't even know if she would ever trust me again. It hurt so much.

My phone vibrated in my pocket and I pulled it out, hoping it was Miranda.

Hello?

Ty, it's me, Van.

Guess she called you.

Please tell me you didn't do it.

I never touched that bitch. I swear to God. I'm not that person anymore, Van. Heather's a lying bitch. I needed her to get her brother to help me. I swear.

I was hoping you would say that, because I already told Miranda to forgive you.

You what?

You're not the same guy from college, Ty. Your love for them is beautiful and I can tell that they mean the world to you. I don't think you should have kept it from her, but I get why you did it. You just need to understand that she's hurt right now.

Does she know you're talking to me?

Yeah, she loves you Ty. She's just pissed. Give her some time and everything will be okay.

I've been sitting here wondering how I was going to live if I lost her.

When you really love someone, you get past it all. Just let her breathe. You know you get all clingy.

Don't hate on my kindness.

Don't worry, I still think you're an ass**le. An ass**le that I love very much and don't want to see fighting with his wife over a dirty skank.

I love you too. Thanks, Van. I really appreciate you being here for both of us.

You're my family. We stick together, no matter how tough it gets, right?"

Right.

Call me tomorrow and check in.

K, bye.

Shortly after hanging up with Van, I heard the barn door creaking open. Miranda came walking in toward me and I got up and met her halfway. "Did Van call?"

"Yeah."

She sat down across from where I stood. "I want you to tell me everything."

I sat down and started from the beginning. I told her how I knew what Heather's brother could do. I explained how I wanted to tell her I had to talk to Heather, but didn't want to get her worried about nothing. I even told her everything I talked to Heather about at her house. When I finished, I looked up at her and saw she was just looking at me. "It's the truth, Miranda. I never touched her."

"You have to understand how she made me feel, Ty. It's a wife's worst fear to be called out in public like that. If you would have told me, I could have been prepared. Now she did exactly what she wanted. She caused problems between us."

I rushed over to her, grabbing her hands into mine. "Baby, please forgive me. I won't keep anything from you again. I swear I won't."

I laid my head over her stomach and finally felt her release my hands and run them through my hair. "There won't be a next time Ty. No more secrets. They ruin marriages."

"I promise."

Chapter 13

Miranda

After hearing Heather's side of the story, Amy called to check on me. It didn't take much to convince her that Heather was a liar. Apparently, it was old news to everyone in town. Knowing that it really got to me, Amy gave me the next two days off of work.

The night of our fight, Ty was quiet. His sarcasm was replaced with sincerity and a lot of kissing up. I'm pretty sure he would have licked the toilet seat if I asked him to. I wasn't purposely trying to make him suffer, although there was a small part that wanted him to feel bad to insure he wouldn't do it again. The thing was, I got why he did it and I even understood why he didn't want to tell me.

I loved my husband for wanting to protect me, but it still hurt either way. I never wanted to doubt him and the fact that I was so quick to judge, made me mad at myself. Ty's devotion to me was something he displayed every day. Except for that one night, I knew where he was every minute.

Still, Heather was someone from his past; someone that was in love with him and after years had passed, still might be. It worried me about the lengths she would take to get Ty. Obviously, the bitch had no regard for me being very pregnant with Ty's babies. What kind of woman would try to break up a marriage when the man is happy and expecting a child.

Maybe she hated him that much. Perhaps she finally realized that she never meant anything to him.

After Ty insisted on doing the dinner dishes, and got Bella to bed, he quietly retreated to our bedroom. I waited for a few minutes before heading in behind him.

The shower was running and I could hear that he was already inside. I needed to brush my teeth so I headed in to do so. Ty was leaned up against the shower wall. He was looking down and not saying anything. I set the toilet seat down before sitting. He looked so tired and I couldn't blame him. I was exhausted from crying for half the day. I don't know whether he had shed any tears, but it had definitely drained him. I also think he was punishing himself. His avoiding conversation with me was a dead giveaway.

"Ty?"

I looked toward the shower and saw him jump at the sound of my voice. "Shit! I didn't know you were in here, Baby. You okay?"

"Can I come in there with you?"

He opened the shower door. "That's a question you never have to ask."

I removed my clothes while Ty watched me. He wasn't giving me the look like he wanted to have sex. He missed me as much as I missed him. It had been only a day, but he was my very best friend and I hated not being close to him for only a minute.

When I finally got undressed, he grabbed my hand and helped me in the shower with him. Strong arms wrapped around my waist as I slid mine behind his back. "Do you really think this guy can doctor the test?"

He grabbed the shampoo and started washing my hair. "I do. Look, the lawyer's office just needs that piece of paper. They have no reason to believe any different and with Tucker not being alive to argue, nobody would ever question that we weren't together before. It doesn't matter to me what our family thinks, I know they want Iz to be with us. They would never mention that it wasn't true. This hospital documentation will prove without a doubt that I am her father. They will submit it to her lawyer and it will all be over with."

"You make it sound easy." I set my head against his chest.

"None of it's been easy. It's slowly ripping me apart inside. I'm trying to be tough and not let it show, but I can't stop worrying about it. If this doesn't work, I don't know what I will do. I just can't lose her, not any part of her." He cupped my face with his hands again and kissed my forehead.

Ty's lips pressed against mine and he kept them there as the water ran down our heads. "I won't let you. No matter what happens, I won't let anyone take that from you."

"You keep saying that, but there are no guarantees." He kept kissing me, even though I knew he was far from relaxed. "Tell me you forgive me. I need you so much."

"Promise me it will never happen again."

"I already did." He never hesitated.

"One thing I am sure of, is my love for you. We need to stay strong and deal with this together from now on, Ty. I forgive you and I love you for tryin' to protect me."

Ty still didn't relax, even after we went to bed. He held me tight in his arms and kept waking up, which in turn, woke me up. I was off of work, so it didn't bother me, but I knew he needed to rest to be able to function.

Bella woke us around three in the morning. She was screaming from her bedroom. Ty and I sat up and my heart felt like it jumped out of my body. Ty went running to her bedroom. I wasn't sure what was going on, so I followed him. By the time I reached them, he had Bella in his arms. She was crying.

"Shhh, just tell Daddy what's wrong." He kissed her head and waited for a reply.

"You and Mommy were fighting and we had to move away like Johnny in my class." She made no sense, so I sat on the bed for more information.

"Honey, what are you talkin' about?" I asked.

"Johnny's Mommy and Daddy fought and they got diborced. Now he only sees his Daddy on the weekends. I don't want you and Daddy to fight. I don't want Daddy to have to move." She cried harder against Ty's chest. The way she said divorced was cute, even though it was a cryptic conversation for a four and a half year old.

I felt bad for my daughter, but part of me wanted to laugh that she assumed that would happen. She obviously never saw Ty and I arguing and it really made her upset. Ty looked to me with worried eyes.

I sat closer to him and rubbed Bella's back. "Sweetie, Daddy and I aren't gettin' a divorce. We love each other and aren't fightin'. Mommy just got sad about somethin' and Daddy didn't understand at first. Everything is fine now. I promise."

Ty kissed her little head. "Iz, I will never leave you, I promise. Daddy will never leave you." I reached my arm inside of his as he held our daughter.

She peeked around him and looked at me, before climbing off her bed and standing in front of both of us. "Mommy, do you still love Daddy?"

Ty put his arm around me even before I could answer. I turned to him and smiled. "Yes, I love him very much. Even when he makes me mad or sad, I still love him."

"Promise?" Her sad little voice made me want to cry.

"I promise. Now how about we try to go to bed. Princesses need sleep to be beautiful, you know."

Ty picked Bella up and started carrying her out of the bedroom. "She's coming with us, Mommy."

For the first time, she started laughing, like her normal self. I totally got why Ty wanted her to sleep with us. One thing he never wanted was for that child to doubt his faithfulness to her. I followed behind them shaking my head.

A hand stopped me from walking all the way down the hall. "Hey."

My brother stood there in the dark hallway. He was in a t-shirt and jeans and it was the middle of the night. "Did you just get in?"

He smiled and shrugged his shoulders. "Booty call."

I smacked him on the arm. "Do I even want to know?"

"Probably not. I didn't drink or do anything else if that's what you're wondering." He leaned against the wall and crossed his arms.

I leaned on the opposite wall and looked at my brother. He seemed really happy for some reason. "You weren't with Brina, that much I can tell."

"Nope."

"So you're not goin' to spill are you?"

He shook his head and laughed. "It was a one-time thing, Randa. Nothin' to worry your pretty little self over."

"How do you even know people from around here?"

"I meet people when I go into town. This particular female works in town. I met her when I first got here." He was being really secretive about this girl. It was making me more curious.

"Do I know this person? You didn't meet her at AA did you?"

He creased his brow and shook his head. "Seriously? That's kinda frowned upon. She ain't from no meetin'." He leaned over and kissed the top of my head. "Did you and Shit Brick work things out?"

"Yeah, Shit Brick and I are better. I'm goin' to bed."

"Goodnight, Randa."

My brother watched me as I walked down the hall. I was going to have to start being more nosey around him if I wanted to find out who this mystery girl was.

Ty and Bella were cuddled up into each other's arms. It was so cute that I grabbed his phone to take a picture and make it his screensaver. When I picked up the phone, he had a text message.

If you need a place to stay tonight you know where to find me. - H

I looked over at my sleeping husband and considered waking him up and screaming at him some more for allowing this stupid bitch to have his number again. Instead, I thought back to how I used to be. An evil grin came across my face as I began typing.

I'm in bed with my wife. Where I want to be every night. Lose my number whore!

After the message sent, I quickly erased it and put his phone back down. I immediately felt like I should have told him first, but to be fair he had kept the secret from me and hurt my feelings. When I climbed in bed, I felt like I really showed her who had Ty's love. Yes, it was immature, but it felt so damn good.

The next day I worried that Ty would get a call from Heather and he would be mad at me, but he never said a word. In fact for the next two weeks, we never heard anything from her or her brother. When we got the paperwork in the mail from the attorney, Ty started to get worried.

"Baby, it's been two weeks. I need to call and find out what's going on. I can't just sit around waiting. Besides, I gave the guy a grand. He at least owes me a call back."

I hated the idea of him having to call that bitch, but I knew that Bella's future depended on it. "Just make the call."

"Are you sure? You can sit right next to me. I will put it on speaker."

Ty looked through his phone and found the number. He had never programmed it in, so it was just a random number in his phone. The ringing was loud as he turned on the speaker.

She seemed irritated. What do you want Ty?

I haven't heard from you. I need to find out if your brother got the papers for me.

Since you called me a whore I decided we aren't helping you.

What the f**k are you talking about Heather?

You texted me the other night. It said you were laying in bed with your wife and that I was a whore.

My eyes got really big as Ty looked up at me. I mouthed the words 'sorry', but he was already rubbing his face with frustration.

Look, Miranda sent you that text. She knows you were lying at the shop and took it upon herself to use my phone. Listen Heather, this is really important. It isn't about who I'm married to, or what happened in our past. This is for my child.

She isn't even yours Ty.

She is. Don't ever say she isn't. He stood up and started pacing.

I'm sorry, but we can't help you. Have a nice life Ty.

Ty looked at his phone and threw it across the room. It shattered into pieces. He crouched down and put his hands over his head. I kneeled down beside him, but he pushed me away when I reached out. "Don't!"

"Ty, I'm sorry, I...."

He stood up and walked toward his phone. "You pissed her off and she won't give me the papers. Do you have any idea what that one text message has done? God, how could you be so careless? Don't you care about what is at stake here?"

I followed behind him, picking up more phone pieces. "Of course I do. Ty please.."

"Now my f**king phone is broke. I don't even know her number. I had to call around for it before. God Dammit! How could you f**king do that?"

I stood there and watched him having a fit in front of me. He was pacing around and shaking his head. Conner and Bella walked in the door and Ty went walking out. Conner saw the look in my eyes and motioned with his head for me to go after him.

I followed after him, meeting him at the edge of the barn. He punched his fist right through it, then held his injured hand and fell to the ground.

I sat down beside him, never looking directly at him. When he refused to speak to me, I reached out to check his hand. "Don't Miranda."

Oh God, what have I done?

"Shut up and let me see it." I looked at his hand carefully. He could still bend it around, so it wasn't broken, but it was pretty banged up. While I had a good hold of something that was causing him pain, I knew I could get a full sentence in. "I'm sorry, Ty. Tell me what to do to make it right."

He shook his head. "I don't know what you can do. She's f**king pissed and I have run out of things to say to her. I don't blame you for calling her a whore. She is a whore, but you could have waited until we had the papers and then called her every nasty name in the book. Now, I don't know what to do. We need those papers."

I don't know why I said it. "What if you went to her house. What if you apologized?"

"She won't care. She only cares about herself."

"You have to try. Do you want me to go?" It was a stupid idea.

"Hell no! She hates you. It's best if I go alone."

"Tell her we got into it and you walked out on me for what I did. Lie to her Ty. Make her think you're mad at me. She wants you to be mad at me. She wants you to want her." I could feel the vomit rising in my throat, but I knew it was the truth. Heather wanted Ty and if I wanted to make this right, this had to be the plan.

What am I saying?

"I can't do that, Baby. I don't want her."

I don't want you to want her!

I shook my head and started to cry. "I messed this up. I ruined our only chance. I need you to try Ty. Say whatever you have to." I started to really cry, just imagining what I was about to say. "Kiss her if you have to."

"I can't." He grabbed my hand with his good one and squeezed it. I felt his lips kissing me on my head. "I can't do that."

I cupped his face with my hands. "Do what you have to do Ty. Just don't sleep with her. I can't get past that, no matter what it's for. I can't picture that in my head forever. It would kill me." I turned over and started gagging I was crying so badly. Ty rushed closer to me and pulled my hair back.

"Shh, calm down. I'm not going anywhere." Once I finished, I looked up and saw that he was crying. "I don't want to touch her. I hate her. How can you ask me to hurt you to save Izzy? How could you make me choose?"

I kissed his hands. "You have to." I took a couple deep breaths "It's for our family."

He stood up and pulled me with him. I felt his hands on my belly. "Please don't doubt my love for you. I live and breathe for you and our children. I'm nothing without you. As much as I want this paternity test, I can't risk you. I can't do it, Miranda. Please don't make me choose you or Iz."

I wrapped my arms around him. "I'm choosing for you." I was sobbing so hard that he was literally pulling me against him to calm my shaking. "I can't be responsible for losing our only chance. You need to save our baby from that awful woman. Please." He needed to go before I grabbed him and held on for dear life. I didn't want him going anywhere near her, but I had ruined our one shot. This was going to go to court without that paper. Ty would resent me forever. It wasn't about the money or even about Heather, this was about our family.

"I need you to get your brother. I'll be back before you know it, I promise." He kissed me and left his lips on my head. "I hate this. I hate all of this."

"I do too. I'm so sorry, Ty."

I dried my eyes enough to walk in the house. Conner was sitting on the couch and I didn't notice Bella anywhere. "Ty needs you."

He stood up and walked toward the door. "You alright?"

I nodded my head. "Yeah, we aren't fightin'. Just somethin' that needs to be done."

Conner shook his head and walked outside. I stood at the door watching them. The last thing I saw was Conner punching Ty straight in the face.

Chapter 14

Ty

I thought about explaining things to Conner, giving him a reason to beat the shit out of me. Maybe it was wrong for bringing Heather back into our lives, but it was my only way to save my baby from a horrible woman and a broken heart. I'd give my own life to protect her, even my own happiness.

Conner came walking out toward me. I was in the exact place where Colt and I had tried to fight for Van. It brought back memories of my father coming and breaking us up. Conner must have seen the remorseful look in my eyes, because he stopped dead in his tracks and cocked his head.

"What's goin' on Bro?"

Just say it!

"I need you to hit me."

"Come again?" Conner's one eyebrow raised as he stood there with his arms folded waiting for me to explain.

"I need you to hit me, preferably in the jaw so it leaves a mark."

In all of the f**king times that this guy had wanted to kill me, he just stood there expecting me to explain why I wanted him to do it. Looking at his face, it would have been easier to run into a door myself.

"Why am I doin' this?"

"Because me and Miranda need it to look like she kicked me out and you beat me up. We can't get those papers unless that bitch Heather takes the bait."

He pointed to me. "Let me get this straight. My sister is now in on this scheme? She actually wants you to go see this Heather person?"

I held my hands up in the air. "Look, man, Miranda sent Heather this text message, basically causing the girl to refuse to help us get those papers. I don't blame her for it at all, but now we're desperate. I just think she would be more forgiving if she really thought me and Miranda were on the outs. If you don't believe me, you can go ask her yourself. This was her idea. I told her no, but she insisted."

"So, what are ya plannin' to do when you get there?" I could tell he was getting defensive and I needed him to be.

"Not that! I would never do what you're thinking. Look, I know everyone thinks I am this big cheater, but Van and I were kids when we got together. We were more friends than anything. Yeah, we had a physical relationship, but it was just going through the motions of it all. I loved her dearly, but neither of us were in love. She knew that as soon as she got with Colt. You can think whatever you want, but your sister is the only woman I have ever truly loved. I'd die for her, Dude. I'd do anything for her to be happy."

"Nah, I believe you. Living with you two makes it easy to see how happy you are. I'll admit, it was hard to accept, but they both love you and I know you return those feelin's. Miranda's a tough girl, but I know this has got to be killin' her inside. If you're doin' this, then I want to help. Bella's my niece and it's important to me too."

Conner drew back and hit me on the side of my jaw, before I could see it coming. He was shaking his hand as I turned around to look at him. My hand was already on my bleeding mouth. "What the f**k?"

"If I told you when I was doin' it, you would have instinctively moved out of the way. I think you got what you wanted there."

"Jesus Christ, this f**king hurts." Conner stayed with me as I explained from the beginning what had happened. He seemed to really want to help and I was going to need it. Something told me this wasn't going to go as planned. Heather was a lot of things, but she wasn't stupid. She was going to know I was bluffing if I didn't do a hell of a job convincing her otherwise. The thought made me sick.

I didn't go back into the house and kiss Miranda goodbye. Instead, Conner went in his truck and grabbed me a duffle bag. "What's this?"

"It's got a change of clothes in it. I've kinda been seein' someone and I never know if I need a change of clothes."

"Who are you seeing?"

He held his hands up and shook his head. "It's not what you're thinkin'. It's not really a booty call kind of thing. We're just gettin' to know each other, I reckon'."

"Okay, Mr. Secretive."

"Whatever. You got your shit together? You down with the plan?" Conner handed me his truck keys. He was changing the subject.

"Yeah, I have to pretend that my wife, that I love more than anything in the world, kicked me out and I need a place to crash where her brother can't find me and beat my ass."

He slapped me on the back as I climbed in the truck. "Go save your daughter, Ty."

"This is f**ked up in so many ways, you know that right?" I hated this.

"Yeah, but you've run out of options and I'd sell my soul to the devil before I let anyone from Tucker Chase's family lay a hand on my niece. If this is what you have to do, then do it."

I looked back at my carriage house, which had doubled in size now. All of the countless hours spent making it a home for my family rushed into my mind. The hours that I'd spent with Miranda drawing out the design of every single room. The nights we worked until the sun came up. Izzy seeing her room for the first time. Taking our first bath in the new Jacuzzi tub; planning out the room for the twins; having our first meal when the house was all finished.

All of those beautiful memories together and I was driving to do something I said I would never do again. The thought made me sick. I didn't know how in the hell, if it came to touching Heather, I could go through with it, not when my beautiful wife was sitting at home worrying herself sick.

I waved to Conner and I pulled out of the driveway and headed for Heather's place. Her mother worked weird hours at the hospital and there was no telling if she would be there when I arrived. I kind of hoped that she would be, because I didn't want to be alone with Heather.

I sat out front of her house and thought about any other way that I could save my daughter from that woman. Did I have the balls to hire a hit man? Could I go through with something that evil for my daughter? What would something like that even cost? Miranda and I weren't hurting for money, but I was certain something like that didn't come easy.

Finally, I got to a point where I couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed my phone and set the plan into motion.

I'm here. I love you more than you'll ever know. Start sending the messages and stick to the plan. This is for Isabella. This is for our family.

I deleted the message and with shaking hands, awaiting what Miranda and I had planned on saying.

I hate you for what you've done to our family. Rot in hell Ty. You will never touch me again.- M

Even though I knew it was a lie, to read the words coming from my wife ripped my heart out. I never wanted to feel this way. I leaned over the steering wheel and tried to get my shit together, but the more I thought about those messages, the more upset I became. Soon, I had tears falling down my eyes and I was dialing my wife.

Ty?

Baby, I can't do this.

I could hear her crying on the other end of the phone and I just lost it. Tears wet my cheeks and I listened to her pain.

I love you so much, Ty. I know you can do this for Bella, for your Izzy.

I can't lose you to save her. I can't choose.

You can't lose me, if I'm not goin' anywhere, okay?

I'm scared.

Please Ty, don't make this any harder. Knowing you're there and that you're goin to have to touch her, it's killin' me. Get those papers and come home to me. Come home to us.

That's the only place I want to be, Baby. I love our life.

Bye Ty.

She could barely talk and I wasn't much better. After looking in the mirror, I decided to use the real tears as an advantage. I took a few deep breaths and grabbed the bag Conner had given me. I knocked on the door just once and Heather opened it. She saw the look on my face and I actually sensed genuine compassion. This plan may actually work.

"Ty? What's going on? What happened to your face?"

"It's Miranda. I defended you after our talk and she kicked me out. She said we're done."

She held the door opened and gestured for me to come in. "I'm sure she'll get over it. You two seem to be attached at the hip. Besides, she is carrying your real children."

Don't clench your fists...

"You don't understand. This isn't the first time this happened. I've cheated before, so you claiming we had something, well it nailed my coffin. I tried to change, but I was no good at it." I am lying...

Heather sat down beside me and I could tell she wanted to smile. I clenched my jaws and thought about hitting a girl again. I loathed her. She was a f**king evil person. "It's okay to admit that you still haven't found the one person to satisfy your every need. I mean, maybe you just aren't looking hard enough."

She traced my arm with her hand and I wanted to cringe. My phone vibrated again and I opened it up, hoping it was my wife, telling me to get out of dodge. Instead, it was her sticking to the plan. I wondered if she was having Conner send the messages, because it was just too hard for her to handle.

Packing my shit and moving back to KY. I will never forgive you.

My eyes burned and for once, I was happy about crying. I took the phone and showed Heather the messages. "I can't even stop her. The whole family knows about this and they've pretty much disowned me. Even Van won't speak to me."

"So, are you here because you have no other place to go, or is it something else you want from me?"

Oh God! Concentrate. "Maybe both. I'm a little confused right now. A few weeks ago, I had the perfect life. Now everything has turned to shit."

"Baby, I can think of a few ways to make you feel better." She traced around my busted lip with her finger. "What happened here?"

"Brother in law came to get Miranda, punched me in the face as I was leaving."

She got up and came back with a wet rag and some ointment. While Heather focused on my busted face, I tried to close my eyes and imagine myself anywhere but where I was. All I could picture was Miranda crying against Conner's chest. I knew he was there and it made it a little better, but this bullshit plan was tearing her apart, I just knew it.

After a few minutes, and her purposely taking her time, she sat down the rag and ointment bottle. "So, I don't really know what to say to you right now. I knew you'd come around sooner or later. I mean, I really missed you TY. I wanted to be the one you fell for."

Oh shit. This was it. This was my moment to make her believe this was real. I needed to grow a set of new balls and get this shit done.

"The timing was wrong." I should have grabbed her hand or something, but I leaned on my knees and covered my face when I talked. Smooth talking Ty had left the building. I was a sap. A happily married sap.

"I'm glad you're here."

This is it! Swallow your pride. "Me too. I missed hanging out with you. It was always a good time." If I had a gun I would just shoot myself. I wanted to vomit. "So where's your mom?"

"Working." She slid down the couch and kneeled in front of me. Her hands slid up my thighs and then back down again. When she saw how I didn't react, she pulled them away.

"Sorry, it's just been a while and after the fighting I'm still f**ked up in the head. It's not just Miranda, you know. I love my daughter. Even if I wasn't with Miranda, I would still want that paternity test. I know my daughter will miss me and even if I have to visit her in Kentucky, I will know she is safe." The mere thought of not seeing my daughter for even one day burned through my mind. More tears rushed down my face, imagining having to see her once a month or less than that. It was tremendously depressing.

Heather reached up and wiped my tears. "I have the papers, Ty. My brother gave them to me the day after the test, but I was just so mad at you. Then your wife made those comments and I just refused to help someone like her get what she wanted."

"Those papers are for me though. I don't want to share custody of my child with an evil lady. Miranda will always have her daughter. This was all for me."

She stared at me, as if she were trying to see if I was lying. "Wait a minute." She stood up and put her hand on her hips. "How do I know this isn't some ploy? You're a smart guy, Ty, and I know you love that little girl enough to break all the rules for her. How stupid do you think I am?"

No no! Fuck!

I took a few deep breaths and looked her dead in the eye. "One thing you're not, is stupid. I really didn't come here to trick you, Heather. How could I have known you still had the papers? Think about it? I came here because you were the first person I thought about. The first person I wanted to see." My hand grazed her cheek and I had to swallow down the vomit that was fighting its way into my throat.

"Prove it!"

"What? What do you mean? Prove what?"

"If you are really here because you missed me, touch me. Kiss me Ty."

Miranda.....

She was all I could see in my mind. I couldn't cry like a baby, because it would show I was lying. I couldn't talk my way out of it. I was stuck in this situation that I didn't want to be in.

One kiss. It's one f**king kiss, Dude. It means nothing. It's for your daughter.

"Okay, come here." My throat started burning and I knew it was only a matter of time before I lost it again. This idea was horrible. I hated myself for agreeing to it.

Heather leaned forward, waiting for me to reciprocate. I closed my eyes and let my head move forward. As soon as her lips pressed against mine, I felt her wet tongue sliding over my bottom lip. I pulled away and turned my body from hers. Instantly I realized what I had done. "Sorry! My lip is throbbing."

Before I turned back around to face her, I heard something unzipping. "It's okay. Maybe you'd like to use your hands instead."

Heather stood in front of me and removed her zip up jacket. Underneath was a pink bra. I purposely looked up to her face. She may as well have been colored red with horns, because that is how I saw her. "It's just been awhile since I've been with someone else. How bout a drink? Got anything strong?"

"Ty, I am starting to wonder if this is all some scheme. I mean, you have never had any problems touching me before."

"It's been a long night. I just need to relax. You know I can't get it up if I'm stressed." What the f**k did I say that for?

Heather must have believed me, that or she was just so obsessed with sleeping with me again that she would stoop this low. Whatever the case, I sat back down and pondered how the f**k I was going to convince her I needed those papers without physically having to touch her anymore.

"My mother only keeps scotch." She handed me the glass. I swirled the ice around and took down the whole thing at once. It burned my throat and tasted horrible.

I sat the glass down on the table and contemplated my next move. Heather, wearing only a bra, sat down next to me and started kissing my cheek and neck. She was purposely pressing her chest against my arm, seeing if I would react.

I could feel her hands reaching between my legs, but it was as if, I couldn't move my arms. When I did lift them, everything moved in slow motion. I felt Heather climb on my lap and her face touch mine, but I couldn't speak. She was becoming blurry, and laughing the whole time. I just sat there until all I saw was black.

When I opened my eyes, I had no idea where I was. It was dark in the room and I was lying down. The clock next to me said three thirty. As I tried to sit up, my head was pounding. I put my hand over it, as I attempted to focus on what the f**k was going on. I jumped back when I realized I wasn't alone and I was in a bed, with nothing on. A naked Heather was spread on her stomach next to me.

I tumbled to the floor and searched the room for my clothes. After grabbing all that I could find, I ran out of there and into the bathroom. The vomit projected out of my mouth and barely made it in the toilet.

What the hell happened? I never would have done this. I never would have touched her that way. I had to be dreaming. This was all a nightmare.

Then my nightmare stepped in the doorway totally naked. "You okay, Baby?"

"No! What the f**k happened? How did we get in your bedroom?"

She came into the bathroom and seemed not to care that she was stark naked. I cringed just looking at her and started throwing up more. My life was f**king over.

"It was just like old times. After your third scotch, it was as if we'd never been apart. You did things to me that you've never done before." She ran her hand through my hair and it actually hurt to have her touch me. "I miss your longer hair. You never should have let that little bitch cut it off."

I backed away from her and started making my way past her naked body. "I have to go!"

I ran out of that house as fast as I could. I didn't grab the bag, or even a shirt, but managed to grab my cell phone before running out the door. Luckily, I always left the keys under the seat and was able to grab them without going back into the house. In the pitch black of night, I bolted off of that street.

That bitch put something in my drink. She drugged me. She ruined my f**king life. I wasn't just losing my daughter I was losing my wife. I promised her no more secrets and there was no way I could live with something like this.

I pulled over to a parking lot and started crying my eyes out like a little f**king baby. How I ever could have thought that pretending to be interested in that evil bitch was okay, instead it was insane. My wife, my daughter and my babies would never forgive what I'd just done. It didn't matter that I couldn't remember it at all. Hell, I couldn't even kiss her without getting sick.

I grabbed my barely working cell phone and dialed Conner.

Amy?

Amy? No it's Ty. Conner, I f**ked up.

I could hear him stirring and wondered if my beautiful wife was asleep in his arms. When I heard the door squeaking, I knew he'd gone outside.

Where are you? Randa's been worried sick.

I'm in the parking lot at work. Look man, I swear to God that I don't know what happened. I got there and couldn't get near the bitch. I felt sick the whole time she talked. Next thing I know I'm drinking some liquor and waking up naked in her bed.

The line got silent and I knew Conner killing me would be better than Miranda hearing the truth.

Conner, I never would have done that shit. That bitch drugged me. I just woke up. I left everything in her house and drove away. My life is over, Man.

I'm tryin' to be a brother here and not someone that wants to kill you. How do you know you had sex?

I was naked. She was naked. You figure it out.

That don't mean it happened. Drive home. I'll wait outside.

If you're going to kill me, use a gun. Make it fast Conner. I can't take this guilt anymore.

Just get your f**king ass home. I ain't goin' to kill ya.

Even after I hung up the phone, I sat in the parking lot considering what I could possibly do to save my family. Miranda was never going to forgive me. My marriage was over and there was nothing I could say to save it. I promised her and I meant it when I'd said it. How could I have done something like this to her and to myself?

I arrived at my house about twenty minutes later. Conner was standing out at the barn, looking down at his phone. When he approached me, he saw I wasn't wearing a shirt. I climbed out of the truck and prepared to have the shit beat out of me. I deserved it. I wanted it to happen.

"Jesus Christ, where's your shirt?"

"I couldn't find it. I ran out of there as fast as I could." I stood right in front of him just waiting, but as the seconds passed, I dropped to my knees and cried into my hands. "I'm so so f**king sorry, Conner. I promised her forever and I meant every word of it. I know you hate me. Just hit me. I deserve it so much."

He got closer and kicked at my leg lightly to get my attention. "Stand up! I ain't goin' to hit ya. Christ Almighty, you need to get yourself together."

I let my hands fall but the tears wouldn't stop. I was being a f**king pu**y when I should have just toughened up and accepted that I ruined my life on my own. Thinking about losing them, even Conner was too much to take. "My life is over. I can't live without her, Conner. You don't understand how much I love her, how much I love them. What the f**k am I going to do?"

He grabbed my arm and pulled me to the other side of the barn. "I'll tell ya what you're goin' to do. You're goin' to stop cryin' like a f**kin' baby for starters. Then you're goin' to get your ass in that house and tell your wife that because nothin' happened, you didn't get the papers. You're goin' to tell my sister that you couldn't go through with it."

"I can't lie to her, Man."

"You need to, because it would be bad enough to hear what you think happened, but to top it off, she would still have to battle that woman for custody without the love and support of her husband by her side. She's pregnant with twins, in case you haven't noticed. She needs her husband."

"She's going to know."

Conner shook his head and pushed me. "Ty, you told me that she drugged you. Is that the truth?"

I nodded. "I don't remember shit. I sure as hell wouldn't have cheated on my wife. I never would have taken things that far. I swear." It didn't matter what Conner believed. I knew the truth.

"As far as you know, nothing happened. You don't remember it, so how are you lying? Shit, you could have passed out before anything did happen." He put his hand on my shoulder. "It's taken me a long time to accept your marriage, but one thing I have always known, was that you loved my sister. Even before you two had somethin' goin' there was always somethin' between you. I don't believe for one second that you would do any of this on purpose. Miranda is just as at fault for this, but I know she couldn't handle it. What happened tonight, stays between me and you. Understood?" He shook his head. "Ty, when everyone was ready to turn their back on me, you opened up your home and let me get clean. I owe you my life. Consider this as a payback."

I looked up at Conner and saw how serious he was. As much as I wanted to die for what had happened, I wanted to be with my family more. I'd promised to not lie to my wife and I hated that I was doing it, but it was about my family, not just me. It was about Izzy, and Jax and Jake. I needed to be their father.

I agreed to never speak of what happened and forget about it. I knew that Conner would always have something on me, but for some reason I felt like it made us closer. If he had my back, then he truly believed that I would never hurt my wife on purpose.

Once we got in the house, I got a shower and threw on some clothes from the laundry room. When I climbed into bed, I just laid there staring at my pregnant wife and I couldn't help but to break down again.

Chapter 15

Miranda

Falling asleep was impossible when I knew where my husband was. Conner never left my side and I had finally calmed down when I realized why he'd hit Ty. It was a good plan, but still a little hard to watch.

I'd fallen asleep sometime after two in the morning, following hours of crying. Luckily, Bella went to sleep early and didn't understand what exactly I was upset about anyway. We told her that her daddy had to do something with a loose cattle and she was content to that.

I woke up hours later to a sound I wasn't very familiar with. As I slowly opened my eyes, I saw the back of my husband and his body was trembling. He was sobbing.

"Ty?"

He rolled over and I could see from his face that he'd been crying for a long time. His eyes were swollen and even in the dark room, he looked horrible. Fear rushed over me and I ran through all of the scenarios in my head. Was I really ready to ask him what happened? Did I want to hear the details? Did he love me enough to say no?

I reached my hand out and grabbed his, pulling it to my heart. "What happened?"

All I could think about was him cheating on me. If he'd done it to save our daughter, could I ever get past that?

"I didn't get the papers. She didn't believe me." He started to cry more as I pulled him into my body. "I'm so sorry, Baby. God, I am so sorry. I just wanted to make things better for us. I wanted to protect our family."

I kissed his head and wiped away the tears with my thumb. "Shhh, it's goin' to be okay. No matter what, we are goin' to fight this woman. We'll take it to court and fight her on the grounds of her bein' an unfit person. The courts will believe us. Colt knows people. We can still beat this."

Everything I was saying was true, but most of it was just optimistic thinking. Tucker's mother was Bella's grandmother and I found it hard to believe that the courts would be against her having a relationship and getting to know her blood relative.

Ty cried himself to sleep, while still nestled in my arms. It was uncomfortable, but I was too scared to wake him to get adjusted. Besides, after waiting up half the night and finally getting him home, I didn't want to let go. I needed to be close to him. I needed to know that he was still mine.

When I woke up the next morning Ty was lying there staring at me. He was on his stomach resting his head on his hand. With his free arm, he traced the skin on my cheek. "Hey."

I slid my body into his and waited for his strong arms to fold around me. When they did, I nestled my head against his chest. "Let's not talk about anything today. Let's just be together."

His hand slowly moved its way up my t-shirt and I felt his fingers tracing the side of one of my br**sts. The twins were moving all around, maybe because I was starving. Between the movement and my stomach growling loudly, Ty began to laugh. He carefully pushed me on my back and kissed my belly. "I love this life with you. I'd do anything for you."

I ran my hands through his hair and watched him look up at me. "Touch me, Ty."

My stomach growled again and he shook his head and laughed into my stomach. "When's the last time you ate?"

I shrugged. "I don't remember."

Ty sat up and rubbed his hands into his face. I watched him walk toward the bathroom in his underwear. I had to bite down on my lip when I saw the beginning of his sexy crack peeking out of the top of them. His sexy body made me crazy and I started imagining his hands all over me.

I could clearly hear him relieving himself, but it didn't stop me from removing my shirt and wrapping my arms around him. Ty jumped at first and then finished what he was doing. He spun around and backed up enough to take in the site of me. My big belly made me feel huge, but I could tell from Ty's eyes, that he didn't agree with that.

He pulled the clip out of my hair and watched the length fall down over my br**sts. Ty bit down on his bottom lip and held up his index finger. "Hold that thought." He grabbed his toothbrush and handed me mine, with a wink. I brushed my teeth and he looked me up and down. His eyes were desperate and I wanted his mouth to tell me what they were thinking.

As we finished, he led me back to our bed. "Stay here. I'll be right back."

I laid down on his side of the bed and heard him talking to my brother.

"Dude, get some clothes on. I don't want to see that shit."

"Uncle Conner, shit is a bad word. Mommy says it isn't allowed in the house." I giggled quietly so that my daughter couldn't hear me laughing. She was four and a half, but knew too much for her own good. Her oblivious sense of humor made her so cute.

"You just said it too. I won't tell if you don't." Of course Conner was teaching her how to keep secrets, why would I expect any different from my brother. That was his excuse every time we did something wrong as kids.

"You two going to my mom's for breakfast?" Ty asked.

"You ain't comin'?" Conner replied.

"Nah, Miranda wants to sleep for a while. Just take Iz over there."

Conner must have got what Ty meant. "Yeah, I don't want the sounds of that this morning. Come on Bells, let's go see your Mimi."

A few minutes later Ty came back into our bedroom, still in his underwear, but carrying a tray full of food. He had cut up bananas and strawberries and even had blueberries and cool whip. "Wow! I could have come out to the kitchen."

He sat down on the edge of the bed and fed me a strawberry. "I wanted you naked."

I went to grab a banana, but he slapped my hand. "Hey, I'm hungry."

Ty laughed and grabbed a slice of banana. "I will feed us both. Sit still for me."

I closed my eyes for just a second and a cold chill hit my nipple. When I opened my eyes, Ty was circling a piece of banana over one of my ni**les, before feeding it to me. He grabbed another piece and repeated it on the opposite nipple. I glanced over and saw him licking his lips as he circled it until my nipple hardened.

A strawberry was fed to me, and as I took a bite, the remainder of it slid down between my br**sts and was stuck in my belly button. Ty took his fingers and dipped them into the whipped topping. With them covered in white cream, he covered each of my br**sts. The colder they got, the more they tingled for his attention, mainly his mouth.

He fed me another slice of banana and leaned over to kiss my lips.

More whipped cream covered my belly and random blueberries were placed over it, then quickly lapped up with his tongue. His face was covered in whipped cream as he traced my belly button. The largest strawberry on the tray of fruit was picked up and slowly drug over my hot sex. I was too big to see what Ty was doing, but as I closed my eyes, I could picture how the point of the strawberry spread my lips apart and teased my clit.

I let out a little cry as Ty pulled it away, only to taste the flavor that had remained on my skin. A deep moan vibrated off of my sex and the cold strawberry, now filled with whipped cream, entered between my lips again, this time teasing the entrance before coming out and tracing over either side of my lips again. I wasn't sure if it was the texture, but as he drug the strawberry over my clit, I felt like I could explode. It was rough and gave me a wicked tingle that hurt and felt amazing all at once. He continued teasing my clit until I started to tighten up my body and then he would slide it down between the lips again.

My panting became apparent and Ty got off on it. He removed the strawberry and took a bite himself, before lifting it up to my mouth. "Taste yourself, Baby."

I let my tongue slide out of my mouth enough to taste the strawberry, before taking a bite. Of course I could taste myself on it and I knew that's what Ty wanted. His half smile disappeared beneath my belly again and I felt something colder being placed into my folds again. One by one little blueberries went, until I could feel bunch of them just sitting there. Ty giggled before shoving his face down again and grabbing the berries with his tongue, leaving me feeling empty. His tongue stroked against my clit and I gasped as he repeated it again, this time using pressure.

He climbed up to my chest and sucked one of my banana covered ni**les into his mouth, while he fed me another strawberry. I chewed it and tried not to choke when I felt his teeth dragging over my nipple. He relentlessly watched me watching him taking the other breast into his mouth. He sucked so hard I could feel the blood rushing to it. As he pulled away while still sucking, the pain and pleasure hit me. Whipped cream filled fingers stroked my clit before sliding inside of me. As his fingers moved forward and back, his thumb coarsely rubbed my swollen nub.

My body began to buck, but it didn't stop Ty from sliding back down and licking me as I climaxed against his mouth. He removed his fingers and I watched him lick them. I reached down to touch his face as he climbed up to be next to me. His fingers stroked my clit again as his lips pressed into my neck. "I need you."

I reached down and grabbed his hard c**k into my hands. "Do you want it in my mouth?"

He shook his head. "No, as much as I love when you do that, I need to be inside of you. I need to fill you." He rolled my body on top of him and quickly put the head of his penis between my legs. He slapped my clit over and over again, making my stomach muscles tightened with each slap. "Ty."

"Slide me in, Baby. I want you to feel me fill you."

"Oh, yes. Give it to me."

Ty grabbed my ass and moved my body down over his. The wetness from between my legs was coating his shaft and making the friction extra slippery. I pressed my hands on his chest and made the contact stronger. As I grinded against him, he never stopped looking at me. I watched his face tighten and his eyes close, at the same time he held my body still. I could feel him filling me and just thinking about it made me come again. I sat straight up and cried out into our bedroom.

After we caught our breath, Ty took me in the shower and washed the sticky fruit from my body. As we dressed and headed into the kitchen, I noticed he already had a muffin and orange juice sat out for me. He smiled and poured himself a cup of coffee. I walked up behind him and wrapped my arms around him. I should have never doubted him last night. I had nothing to worry about. Ty loved me and our babies. He would never cheat on me.

For the next four weeks we went about the motions. I worked a couple days a week. and got fatter by the minute, while Ty worked every day and came home to spend every minute with us. He was quiet about not being able to get the doctored paternity test, but I knew that talking about it made him upset, so I never brought it up.

He and Conner for some reason or another, started hanging out more, doing things together. I didn't really get it, but just figured it was Conner's way of feeling sorry for our plan not working. Ty took it the worst. Our sex life was still pretty normal, but several times I caught him crying afterwards. I repeatedly asked him what was wrong, but only got replies about it just being too much stress on him.

He refused to talk about the trial on account of what he might have to tell Bella someday. It broke my heart to even think about that conversation, but I was positive she would always love him as her daddy.

After my husband's begging, I finally stopped working in my eighth month of pregnancy. The doctors were convinced I was going to deliver early and the family was all on standby in case it started. Since I had to deliver Bella in the back of a car, Ty was determined to get me to the hospital in time. Having twins could be complicated and we wanted to be prepared. I'd packed my overnight bag and Ty had gotten the whole room ready for the boys.

One Sunday after church, we came home to a house full of people yelling 'surprise'. Since Bella was my first child, I really didn't expect to have a shower, but my family loved to party and they just looked for reasons. Ty had kept the secret and managed to get Amy involved. She'd invited some of my favorite clients and I was so happy they could attend.

It was great seeing Van and Colt and little Christian was just the cutest little thing. She was already trying to stand herself up and had two front teeth. Noah and Bella immediately went running into her room together. She was so excited to see him that she didn't even care about all of the presents I needed help opening.

Ty smiled the whole day and I caught him looking at me with such passion throughout the party. As much as I loved my whole family being there, I kind of wanted to be alone with him more. With me being so huge and all of the stress of the upcoming trial, to say we were becoming distant would have been an understatement.

I loved Ty for being the faithful man that I needed him to be, but since his failed attempt at obtaining the documents, something had changed in him. He still joked, but it wasn't the same. I felt like he always had his guard up.

Our late night conversations became non-existent and some nights he would fall asleep on the couch and not come to bed until I was already asleep. I patched it up to my pregnancy. Maybe I was too hard to sleep with. I did toss and turn all night long, but I missed him. Even though we were together all of the time, I missed him terribly.

After all of my friends left and my mom and aunt went to Ty's parents, Colt and Van hung out with us. It was great having them over and I loved spending time with Christian. Her little smile was so contagious. Ty loved being her Godfather. It was so funny watching him talk to her like he was a baby. I had no doubt that he was going to be such a good dad to our twins. He'd already proven that with Bella.

Colt and Ty went into the living room, while Van and I sat in the kitchen. We could hear them talking about hunting, and both rolled our eyes, knowing they would be bickering shortly. I heard Conner come in and then the voices got even louder as he joined in on the conversation.

"Nothing ever changes does it?" Van giggled.

"Nope." I rubbed my giant tummy to try and settle the boys. They were moving up a storm and I was often very uncomfortable.

Van took a drink of her tea and looked at my belly. "You look like you're ready to pop."

"I feel like I am too. I tell ya, I can't wait to deliver so I can try and get some kind of body back. Ty and I still have sex, but I miss feeling attractive."

She smiled. "I know for a fact that your husband loves the way you look. He tells me all the time, even more than I would ever want to hear."

I laughed. "He tells me too. I don't know. I feel distant from him. I can't put my finger on exactly what it is, but somethin' is different about our relationship."

"Maybe you're just getting settled. After a while the newness fades away." Van picked at her fingernails as she talked.

"I guess it could be that. I don't know."

Ty came walking into the kitchen, while still yelling something about a goose. He looked from me to Van and shook his head. "Is she talking about my meat again?"

Van rolled her eyes. "Since I know there isn't that much to talk about, it would be pointless."

She and I both knew that she was lying about that. Ty wasn't gigantic, but it was big enough to hurt me every single time. She'd once told me Colt was huge, not that I wanted to know at all. I guess it was only fair, but still.

Ty leaned over and kissed my cheek. "My Baby never complains about my meat."

"Aww, she just doesn't want to hurt your feelings. That's why we have girl talk."

He stood up and put his hands on his hips. After shaking his head, but saying nothing, he turned to grab something out of the cabinet.

"Van, can you help me? I can't seem to find my pickles." I couldn't see him, but Van winced when she looked in his direction. I turned around to see what was so startling and saw my husband's entire ass hanging out. He was reaching in the top of the cabinet and had pushed his pants down, revealing his whole ass. Luckily, he kept his front covered, but continued to keep them down until he walked out of the room.

"You're sick!" Van yelled.

"Bite me!"

She rolled her eyes and turned around. Of course, I was in hysterics. "He is never going to grow up."

"I know." The truth was, I didn't really want that part of him to ever go away. I loved that every day he made me laugh.

Chapter 16

Ty

Lying to Miranda was hard enough, but keeping up with that lie was worse than I could have ever imagined. I thought as time went by I could get over what had happened, but as Miranda's pregnancy was coming to an end, I felt more and more guilty.

It didn't help that she'd caught me crying several times in the middle of the night. I'd turned into a pu**y, unable to deal with my own actions. Every second I looked into my wife's beautiful blue eyes, I was reminded of waking up naked next to Heather.

I hated myself.

The only thing keeping me from just telling Miranda the truth was my kids. Conner had pretty much threatened me to just forget what had happened and be with my family, but I wasn't sure how much longer I could live with myself.

Savanna and Colt coming to visit, helped distract me. In fact, I felt like myself for the first time in a month. Miranda and I got so many gifts for the boys. It was funny getting two of everything, although I was sure that the people buying them hated that part.

Of course, my wife was so excited about all of the gifts that she made Conner, Colt and myself spend two nights putting all of the shit together. By the end of the weekend, the girls had made us a shitload of food and the boy's room was filled up with every kind of toy and gadget they needed.

Miranda seemed so excited and seeing her happy made my night. She may have been gigantic, but inside of that huge belly was two little boys that we made out of our love for each other. They were planned and loved before we even knew they existed. I watched her holding her belly with her feet propped up on a chair. Her ankles were swelling up something fierce and with the doctors saying that twins delivered early, we were all on high alert.

After literally putting things together until my fingers bled, us guys retreated to a pool table I had set up in the old barn. All it had in it was a refrigerator full of beer, the pool table and a stereo with an IPOD docking station. Conner used the rec room a lot more than me, considering I liked spending most of my time with Miranda. She and I had joined a billiards league, but we took off for a whole session on account of her being so pregnant. Conner had joined the team and he enjoyed practicing and playing with Harvey on some nights. In addition, it gave him a place to go to get away from us for a little while.

Colt was leaning over to take a shot when I put my stick in front of his face. "I think we should make a wager."

"You waited until I was about to sink this shot to tell me that? Fine, what's the bet?"

I got a huge smile on my face and crossed my arms. "If you miss and I win, you have to strip down naked and run in my parents' house."

Colt shook his head and gave me a dirty look. "Fuck that. We ain't kids anymore."

"No shit! That makes it even funnier."

Conner tossed his beer into the trash and shook his head. "This is gonna be good."

"And if I make the shot?" Colt was still asking, which meant he was considering. He cocked his eyebrow at Conner. "Stay out of it."

Conner laughed at him anyway, causing Colt to get pissed.

I broke their stare. "You pick what I have to do. Nothing life threatening though. I have to be in once piece when Miranda goes into labor."

Colt looked from me to Conner and smiled with an evil grin.

Not going to be good...

"Fine, if I sink this shot, you two ass**les have to kiss each other, open mouthed!" He stared at us all straight faced.

Before I could say anything, Conner started flipping out. "Fuck you both, I ain't in this shit!"

"Yes, you are. Get your ass in here." He looked toward me. "Ty, you good with my terms?"

I crossed my arms and imagined Colt stripping down to nothing and walking into my house. Laughter overcame me and I bent over to contain myself. "Hell yeah, I'd agree to kiss anyone to have you agree to walk naked in front of my mom."

"Your f**king mouth isn't getting anywhere near my lips, you freak." Conner walked to the other side of the barn and leaned against the wall. "Keep that shit between you two. Kiss each other. You ain't touching me."

Colt laughed, but leaned over to take his shot. "I'm takin' pictures."

His shot wasn't easy. He had to bank the ball back to him and the angle was pretty tough, but I knew even if he missed I would be left at the opposite end of the table. The last thing I wanted to do was kiss Conner, so as Colt was shooting, I yelled across the room. "I bet your lips are as soft as your sisters."

Colt missed the shot by five good inches. I couldn't help but laugh while he shook his head. "You have to cheat to win, I see."

"Suck my dick, man. I ain't kissing that prick." I leaned down and looked at my shot. It wasn't straight in, but I had a good enough angle on it to be able to make it. I took some deep breaths and looked at the shot again. There was no way I was going to kiss Conner.

"Take the shot already. I ain't got all damn day." Colt joked.

I purposely took my time, making him more aggravated by the second. I think it helped my ego, which in turn helped with the shot. I was too positive as I drew back and then suddenly made contact with the cue ball, but as the eight ball went into my called pocket, I stood up and pointed to Colt.

Conner was laughing his ass off.

"Strip, Dude. Take off all of your shit and get moving."

"You have got to be kiddin' me right now. There ain't no way I am doin' that." Colt put his hands across his chest.

"A bet is a bet, Cuz." Conner tapped him on the shoulder as he came to slap me five. We both laughed even harder as Colt rolled his eyes.

"There ain't no way my wife is goin' to be okay with this shit. I ain't doin' nothin' until you clear this with her."

The best part of this was that Colt truly believed, without a doubt, that Van was going to side with him. Me and Conner ran to the carriage house, as Colt trailed behind us. We caused quite a commotion as we all three entered the house.

"What's goin' on?" Miranda stood up wondering what the fuss was all about.

I looked right at Van and waited for Colt to have the balls to explain. When he said nothing, I couldn't contain myself. "Your hubby lost a bet and now he is using you to get out of it." I walked toward Van and leaned into her ear. "He is supposed to strip down naked and run into my parent's house in front of them. Now, I know how much you want to pay my mother back for all those years she treated you like shit. This is your chance. Side with me and we can make it happen." I pulled away from her ear and caught Colt giving me a dirty look.

"You can't sweet talk my wife into agreeing to this. I ain't doin' it."

Van moved toward Colt and was laughing the whole time. She took his hands into hers and gave him that smile that made him obey her every order. "Please, just do it. It's five minutes of your life, Babe."

"Savanna, you can't expect me to do this." Colt looked amazed. He shot me another dirty look. "You're an ass**le."

"We've already established that years ago. Now, quit stalling. Drop your drawers and get your ass moving. The darker it gets outside the harder it will be to film."

"You ain't filmin' shit." He turned to Miranda. "Don't you dare let him video record me."

She giggled and I threw her a wink. I was totally going to record it. This shit needed to be watched by everyone in the family.

Colt walked out the door shaking his head. He slammed the storm door shut and we all followed him anyway. The kids came running out behind us, but we had to send them back in. There was no way I wanted my daughter seeing Colt's alleged elephant penis.

Colt stood in between my house and my parents. He wouldn't look at us, but had already removed his shirt. His big ass Mitchell tattoo was going to be the last image my mother saw as he was running away from her house.

"Drop the jeans. Let it all hang out, Dude." Conner whistled in between laughs.

Colt shook his head and dropped his jeans to the ground. The best part was that he never turned around.

Savanna and Miranda were in front of us. Both hunched over laughing so hard they were crying. As Colt began to walk toward my parent's house, Savanna started whistling. He turned around and lifted up his arms, displaying the full front of his body. I cringed my face up from that first second his junk hit my eyes, they began to burn with the image.

I turned around and waited until I heard my parent's porch door slamming shut. Like little kids, the four of us went running toward the house. I went further, running up to the living room window, just to verify he was doing what he agreed. A naked Colt went running in front of the television that my parents were watching. He was holding his junk in one hand and he got their attention with his other. My poor mother threw her hands over her face and moved her face toward the wall.

A humiliated Colt came running out of the house seconds later, followed by my father, cussing the whole way.

We all ran away from the angry old man and huddled in my kitchen, just waiting for him to hunt us down. I looked out the window and saw him heading back in the house. We all just started bursting into laughter again. "I think he went back inside."

"Probably to get his gun." Colt joked.

"Most likely." I stated before laughing again.

Colt and Savanna left the following day. We missed them as soon as they pulled out of the driveway. Even Izzy had a hard time saying goodbye to Noah. We spent the first day cleaning up the house from all of our company, and the next week getting back to our normal routine.

The first hearing with Tucker's mother got reschedule for another two months away. The lawyer had called and I gave him the run around about the test, claiming I just hadn't sent it to his office yet. I knew there was no test to send, but keeping his hopes alive that I was Izzy's father, made me feel better.

That following Tuesday, I had gone to work like every other weekday, but couldn't stop thinking about that old witch hugging and getting to know my child. It got so bad throughout the day that I clocked out and found myself driving to Heather's house.

Of course once I got there, I had no idea what the f**k I was doing. She'd ruined my life and taken the only way I could keep my daughter safe. What turned into giving her a piece of my mind ended up being the complete opposite. She flung open the door and her eyes lit up. "Look what the cat drug in."

"Spare me the jokes Heather. We need to talk."

"I have nothing to say to you, Ty. I pretty much figured out how you felt when you ran out of my house that night." She walked in front of me up the steps, shaking her ass like it would somehow turn me on.

"I know you drugged me, Heather. How could you f**king do that to me?"

She put her hands on her hips and got up in my face. "How could I do that to you? How dare you ask me that. You made me think you came here for me, but it was all a ploy. You got what you deserved."

"So you drugged me?"

"Fuck you, Ty. Why are you even here? Why now? It's been weeks. What do you want now?" She wasn't backing down and it was pissing me off every second I was near her.

"I want the papers. Just give them to me, Heather. They are of no use to you. Do something descent. Save a little girl from having her heart broken."

"Screw you Tyler Mitchell. I'm not giving you shit! Get off my property before I really make your life miserable."

I got up in her face and started pointing my finger. "Don't you dare threaten me, you f**king cunt. I never would have touched your slutty ass that night. You make me f**king sick. You're a pathetic excuse for a human being. I never wanted you that way because all you were was a f**k. There is nothing about you that ever turned my head. All you were was a decent blowjob and someone to bide my time when I got bored. You never meant anything to me. Rot in Hell you pathetic little bitch."

She stood there speechless for just a second before I turned around to walk out the door. I felt objects hitting me and my Jeep as I climbed in and peeled wheels off of her street.

Fuck!

That wasn't how I wanted things to go, but at least she knew I f**king hated her. She ruined my promises that I'd made to my wife and I would never forget that. I hated the bitch and if she got hit by a f**king car, I wouldn't care.

Instead of going home, I stopped at the bar. Conner ended up meeting me and I filled him in on my f**ked up afternoon. As much as I expected him to say something smart, he sat there and listened.

"This is all f**ked to Hell, Man. I don't know how much longer I can keep this secret from her. It's ripping me apart inside."

Conner had told Miranda he was meeting me, but it didn't stop her from texting me.

Is everything okay? - M

Just a bad day at work, Baby. Will be home soon. I love you. - Ty

"Ty, I don't know what to tell you. That bitch took advantage of you and whatever happened wasn't because you wanted it to. You need to remember that. You didn't willingly cheat on Randa. I don't believe that for a second."

I appreciated his trust, but it still killed me knowing what did happen.

After a few more beers, I called it a night, while Conner insisted he was staying out for a little while longer. I thought back to that night where he had called me Amy. "Are you seeing Miranda's boss?"

He cleared his throat, shocked that I just came out and asked. "Why would you say that?"

"You know my darkest secret. Just spill."

"It's complicated. As much as I would like to say that I am, I can't. Am I spending time with her? Well, yeah, I am, but it's hard to explain."

I finished my beer and shook my head. "Whatever, Man. Don't let Miranda know. She will flip out on your ass. That woman, Amy, has problems. Her old man is a drunk."

"I know all about him. Don't worry about me."

We shook hands and I left him in the bar. I appreciated his friendship after everything and there was no way in hell I was going to tell my wife about him and Amy.

When I got home the lights were already turned out. The reflection of the television screen caught my eye as I walked in the door. Miranda was sprawled out on the couch, sound asleep. Even though it was quite difficult, I lifted her up and carried her to bed. About halfway, she wrapped her arms around my neck. "I left you dinner in the microwave. Are you mad at me?"

I tucked her under the covers and kissed her head. "I'm not mad at you. I love you with all of my heart, until my last day, I promise. Get some sleep."

I wasn't that hungry, but I ate anyway. Miranda would get upset if I didn't. After I cleaned up my plate and showered, I finally climbed into bed next to her. Her body was so warm and I cuddled up closer.

I messed up getting the paternity papers again, this time permanently. We were going to have to fight this out in court. I should have never even tried this convoluted idea in the first place. To add insult to injury, I knew that somewhere down the road I would have to come clean about that night. My wife would leave and I would be without my children.

As I lay awake staring at the ceiling, I contemplated never telling her. My life could be full of happy memories if I could just get past the one bad one. We could give our kids a great life together.

Would I be able to live with myself to give them that life, or was I just being a selfish ass**le, hiding from the truth and what I deserved?

Chapter 17

Miranda

The eighth month of my pregnancy went by so slow. I decided to rearrange all of the furniture in the house, and since I couldn't move it all myself, I would text my brother to stop what he was doing to come help me. To say he was a bit pissed at me would have been an understatement, especially since I kept changing my mind.

For the past week, I had reorganized a bunch of things, put all of Bella's old clothes in boxes and cleaned all the sheets in the house, including the already clean ones in the linen closet. I just couldn't stop my madness. Ty came home each day to fancy gourmet meals and I insisted on doing the dishes afterwards.

I don't remember nesting with Bella, in fact as far as my pregnancies went, this one was completely different. Aside from the Tucker's mom drama, I was happy and safe. I wasn't fighting with a lousy abusive boyfriend, or begging him to grow up and be a father. The father of my twins was the perfect man. He was everything a girl could ask for and more.

A sudden knock at the door startled me, because everyone on the farm just walked in. I walked out of the bedroom to see a familiar face staring at me through the glass in the door. My stomach dropped and I immediately got my hopes up that something good was about to happen.

I opened my door to Heather and expected her to just hand me an envelope with the papers in it and walk away. That's not what happened at all.

"Heather? What are you doin' here?" I looked behind her, hoping my brother was somewhere close in case things got ugly.

She walked into the house and started looking around. "I see Ty expanded the place to accommodate your family."

I held my belly and motioned for her to sit down. "He worked hard to get it done."

"He likes doing that."

"Doing what?" I sat across from her, never letting my guard down. I felt like the she-devil was sitting across from me.

"Working hard to get what he wants. Doing what has to be done." She crossed her legs and sat her purse down next to her.

I shook off her rude comment, knowing damn well I couldn't get into a battle with her. My babies were far more important than some skank hoe. "Why are you here, Heather?" I looked around the vicinity of the room for my phone and it wasn't anywhere to be found.

Heather startled me and stood up. I caught myself leaning back, as she passed and looked around my house. I stood up and followed behind her. "I can't believe he did all of this for you." She got to the kids room and just stared at it. "Took on a child that wasn't even his. I mean, what did you do to make him want to change so much?"

"I didn't do anything. He helped deliver our daughter and loved her since that day. It was never a question of what I did." First off I didn't want this bitch in my house, and second, I was feeling really uneasy, and pretty darn freaked out.

"Right." She put her finger on her lips and kept walking. "I just don't see him diving into a relationship for a crying baby. Did something happen where he felt sorry for you? Is that what this is? Does he feel obligated to stay with someone like you, because you can't fend for yourself? I mean, obviously you have it made here. He goes to work and busts his ass while you sit here and lay around on your ass all day. It must be nice."

I kept a hold of my belly to remind myself that I couldn't let her get to me. Unfortunately, she already had and I wanted her gone, but I was afraid what she would do if I asked her to leave. "You don't know anything about my marriage."

She got right up in my face and reached out to touch my cheek. I pulled away from her fingers. "Oh Honey, I know more than you think. Your prince charming isn't that charming at all. He's still the same old Ty, just better at it."

She walked toward my bedroom and I swear if there were a mop or a broom or any kind of object that I could have used to toss at her head, I would have. When she got to our bedroom door, she stopped. She turned around and pointed to the bed. "I had so many memories in that bed."

This is where she was wrong. "The bed is new. I thought you would notice that first. Ty didn't want the mother of his children sleeping where filth had laid. He bought us all new furniture, so that the only memories would be our own."

Take that you wretched whore.

She continued into my bedroom and froze when she saw my beautiful master bathroom. "So tell me Miranda, what did you do to get all of this? Is it some kind of family thing?"

I could see my phone, blinking on my bedside table, but I was nowhere near it. Her eyes were scaring me as she looked where I was looking. "What's wrong Miranda? You thinking about calling Ty?"

"No! Just tell me why you're here Heather? What do you want from me? You knew Ty wouldn't be here, so spill."

She walked out to the hallway and stopped when she saw all of our family pictures. Ty and Bella looked so happy together in every single one. Van and I were alone in a couple and Heather pointed at them. She turned to catch my attention, not knowing I never took my eyes off of her. "I think I get it now. Since Ty couldn't have Van, he picked the closest thing to her. Am I right? He gets his cake and eats it too? Tell me, have you caught them together yet? I'm sure it's happened. I mean, how can you have a history like they do and not crave each other's touch again?"

I clenched my fists, but kept my composure. She walked over to the couch and reached in her large bag. I tried to calm down as I sat across from her again. "Look, I know I am the last person you want to see. To be honest, I really don't want to be here either. I've just been holding on to some things and I thought you should have them. I tried to be reasonable with Ty, I really did, but he's left me no choice." She pulled out a t-shirt and a small cinch bag. "Ty left these the night he stayed at my place."

Yes, it was his shirt, but it meant nothing. Don't doubt him. He didn't cheat on you. He promised he would never do that.

When Heather didn't get the response she wanted, she pulled out a zip lock bag and held onto it. "Having doubts?"

"No! Cut the shit now. There is nothing you can say or do to make me believe that Ty was with you that night. He came home without the paternity test papers and he was a wreck because he couldn't fool you. Yeah, he was there to trick you the whole time. He never wanted your skank ass." Heather just stared at me smiling. "I think you need to leave."

"Oh, Honey, it's just getting good. You see, I figured you would be so far up Ty's ass that you wouldn't believe me. I knew you would have to see it with your own eyes." She took the zip lock bag and slid it across the table toward me. "Go ahead. Take a look at the man in those pictures. As you will find, he was exactly where he wanted to be."

They were face down in the plastic and I swallowed the lump in my throat, preparing to see pictures from college, or some wild night they had in the past, but as I flipped the bag over and looked at the first one, my heart dropped.

The first thing I noticed was Ty's short hair. He was sprawled out on a couch that I'd never seen and he was smiling.

Heather sat back and watched my reaction. "Why do you have theses? What are you trying to prove?"

She leaned forward. "Honey, I am just showing you the lying, cheating man that you're married to."

I clenched my jaw and tossed the pictures down on the table, ready to defend Ty's faithfulness to me, but as I did, they spread out on the table and I saw something that stopped my heart.

Ty's shirt was being pulled off by Heather. She was licking his nipple and I could see his Izzy tattoo over his heart. I grabbed the picture and put my hand up to my face to hide my shock. "Get out of my house," I whispered, trying to hold back the tears.

At least ten more pictures sat there on the table, but I refused to look down. Heather remained sitting. "You still think your hubby is the best thing in the world? I don't know why you're so surprised. I mean, you've known him your whole life. Surely, you know he likes a variety of pu**y. Let me just tell you, he was so worth the wait this time." Before I could respond, she reached down and pulled out a certain picture. I don't know how she managed to extend her arm out, but Ty was laying down and she was sitting on his face, naked. "He got so much better at this."

Tears poured out of my eyes as the images burned into my brain. How could he lie to me like that? All this time had passed and I trusted that nothing happened between them. How could I have been such a f**king idiot? "Please get out of my house."

She reached down and spread all of the p**n ographic pictures of my husband over the table, so I could see everyone. Each was worse than the first. When I finally looked back up at her she was smiling. "One day you will thank me for this. Ty needs to be free, not tied down to this superficial life. He needs to take what he wants when he wants it. The man you think you're married to, is nothing but a con artist. You'd be wise to take those babies and get as far away from him as you can. It's only going to get worse." She grabbed her purse and headed for the door. "Once a cheater, always a cheater. Oh, I almost forgot, here's the paternity test. It's totally legit, but you may want to re-think who the bigger monster is in your daughter's life. I mean, I know I wouldn't want any child of mine calling someone like him 'Daddy'."

She left me there, staring at the coffee table. Looking at my husband doing things he only did to me. Touching her. Kissing her. Worse.

I ran to the bathroom and threw up. Everything about our love was a lie. How could that be? How could he do this? Why didn't anyone see this coming?

My babies.

My daughter.

He was such a good dad to Bella. How could he have been living this secret life?

I wanted to say the photos were doctored, to give him the benefit of the doubt, but as I looked at them over and over again, I knew they were very real.

Before I knew what was happening, I started packing bags. It was two in the afternoon so I needed to hurry. I popped the trunk and started filling it with mine and Bella's clothes, as well as enough clothes and baby items for the boys.

Oh my God, I am having his twins. Their father is a liar.

When I had the car jam-packed, I went back into the house. My cell phone was still on the bedside table, so I went in to retrieve it. I stopped and looked at my bed and around my room. So many beautiful memories were made in this room. How could they have all been lies? I felt our connection, the way he loved me like nobody ever had before.

They couldn't be lies.

My heart shattered in a million pieces and I collapsed onto the bed. I let the crying overwhelm me and soon I found it had been a hour's time I lost. Without wasting another second, I walked into the kitchen and wrote a note.

It was hard to write the words; to finalize a relationship that I thought would last for the rest of our lives. As I cried through each one of them, the emotions rolled through me. I was hurt and I was lost. He'd betrayed me and that was the one thing I could never forgive. There was no way to get back what we'd had. We were over.

The ride to Bella's school was full of more tears, but I got myself together enough to go in and sign her out early. Her father would go there to pick her up, but we'd already be long gone. I had a whole hour on him and he wouldn't catch me. Once I was back at the ranch, Colt would keep us safe.

Ty was a fighter. He wasn't just going to let me and the kids walk out of his life. He was going to make this ugly and as much as I was suffering, I knew it was going to kill Bella.

We no sooner got in the car, when she started asking questions. "Mommy, how come I had to leave school early? You know I have art in the afternoons and I didn't get to finish my picture."

"I'm sorry baby. I planned a surprise visit to see Noah."

I could tell from the tone of her voice that she wasn't mad at me anymore, at least not at the moment. "Really? Are we picking Daddy up next?"

I didn't look in the rearview mirror, on account of her seeing the tears pouring down my face. "Daddy isn't comin' this time, Sweetie."

"Well, can I call him to tell him I love him and I will miss him?"

"Why don't you wait until he's off of work. You know Daddy leaves his phone in the Jeep." I wonder if that was really the truth. Maybe he had a separate phone that he used to make booty calls, maybe there were other girls like Heather.

The more I thought about Ty touching another woman, the more I couldn't see to drive. I had to calm myself down. I had other lives to think about. My phone was ringing, so I pulled over and lied to Conner, saying that I just ran out to go to the store. He bought it and hung up without letting him ask any more questions. I was afraid he had seen the pictures, but he must have just seen me pulling out of the farm.

The farm was my home. It's where I wanted to raise my children. It hurt to know that I was never going to go back there again. What was I going to tell my daughter. I couldn't keep her from Ty, even if I wanted to. She would hate me for it.

He may have done me wrong, but he never failed that little girl. Ty was a good father. What was I going to do?

"Mommy, why are you crying?"

"It's nothing. I'm just having one of my pregnant moments. You know it happens sometimes."

Bella didn't believe me. "Are you sad about something?"

"I'll be fine. I just miss my mother, I think." That was lame. I needed to be more creative. The questions were never going to end.

"Well, I already miss my Daddy. Why can't he come with us? Who's going to tuck me in?"

"Sweetie, Daddy couldn't come this time. I will tuck you in. You'll be fine."

I heard her starting to cry and it was like I was being stabbed a million times. I pulled the car over again and turned to look at my daughter. "Bella, why are you crying?"

"I want my Daddy." Of course, she wanted him. Whenever I got upset, he would take her and keep her mind off of things. This was her natural reaction.

I was too big to turn all the way around, so I reached my hand to touch her leg. "Bella, I promise that I will tuck you in and keep you safe. Everything will be okay." I was lying to my child. It was never going to be okay. She was not going to be okay with being so many hours away from the only father she ever knew.

She continued to cry in the backseat. "Please let me call him."

"My phone is dead. We can call when we get there." I lied. I didn't know what to do. I hadn't taken the time to figure out what to say or what I was doing, I just left.

What was the family going to say when they found out? What were they going to do to Ty?

They'd never forgive him for this.

His family would sever ties and never speak.

Why had he done this to us?

To our children?

How could he choose his dick over his family?

Why did Heather choose today to show up and ruin my life? Did she get off on making me suffer? Did Ty say he wanted her? Was this his plan to get rid of me?

I hate him!

Chapter 18

Ty

My day at work was busy as shit. As much as I wanted to call and check in on Miranda, I never even got to break for lunch. By the time I clocked out, I had ten minutes to get to Izzy's school. As I hopped in my Jeep, I grabbed my phone and dialed Miranda.

It rang three times and went to voicemail, so I hung up and called again, only to get the same result. Since Miranda was all I could think about all day, I decided to leave her a special message. Sometimes she took weeks to listen to them, so she would really get a kick out of it.

Hey, Baby, it's me, your totally awesome, madly in love, husband. I was calling to hear your pretty voice and your southern twang, but got your voicemail instead. Miranda, I love you so much. I can't even explain how happy you make me. You've given me more than I could have ever asked for. There isn't a second out of the day, where I am not grateful for the life we have. I love you with all of my heart. I love the family we've made and look forward to our beautiful future together.

Can't you just see it? Can't you see us with gray hair, sitting at those late night football games. I'll be the dad with one eye on my football playing sons, and the other on our daughter, who if she looks anything like you, I will need to carry a gun to fight off all of those horny teenage boys.

God, I am so glad I have you, Baby. I'm almost to Izzy's school, so I gotta go. I missed you today and I can't wait to kiss those lips and see your pretty smile.

I love you.

I pulled into the school and found a parking spot. In order to get the best spot, you had to arrive at the school forty minutes before it let out. I climbed out and leaned against the Jeep, waiting to see my pretty little girl spot me for the first time, and come running into my arms.

Izzy's class was usually the first to exit, so when I saw some of her friends, but didn't see her, I started to worry. After a few more classes came out and found their designated rides, I headed into the school. Her teacher was in her classroom and I knocked before I walked in.

"Mr. Mitchell. Did Bella forget something?"

"She never came out of the school." I started to panic. Could someone have taken my daughter. I'd seen it happen on movies. Kidnappers loved schools.

"Your wife picked her up a little over an hour ago. I'm sorry, I thought you knew." She looked at me like I was supposed to know, and that didn't set right with me.

"Was she sick?"

"No. She was fine all day. Maybe she had a doctor appointment." Her suggestions weren't helping my conscious.

"Sorry to bother you." I backed out of the room and headed toward my Jeep, all the while calling Miranda's phone. This time the calls went straight to voicemail.

After trying my mother and not getting an answer, I really started to worry. When I finally pulled into the farm, Conner waved to me as I drove up to the house. I jumped out and headed in his direction. "Where are they? Is something wrong?"

Conner stopped what he was doing. "Miranda said she ran out to run an errand. What's wrong with you?"

I shook my head and looked around the farm. Something was wrong. She wouldn't have picked up Iz without telling me. Avoiding Conner's question, I went running into the house. Everything looked in order until I reached the bedrooms. The dresser drawers in my room were open and Miranda's side was empty. I hauled ass into Izzy's room, only to find the same thing. When I finally reached the twins room and saw that half of their things were missing, I pulled out my phone and started dialing Miranda. What the hell was going on?

Conner's voice caught me off guard.

"What the f**k! Ty, you need to get in here."

My eyes burned as I walked out into the living room. Conner was standing over the coffee table, but as he scooted out of the way, I saw something that I couldn't believe.

At least ten photos of me and Heather were spread out for me to see. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Clearly, they were of me, but I didn't remember doing any of it. I crouched down on the floor and buried my hands into my face.

Conner sat behind me and was quiet at first. I guess he was speechless at the f**king mess I'd made of my life. "She's gone. She's f**king gone." I crushed one of the pictures up and threw it, before turning back to him.

Conner just stared at the table. "This was sitting on top of the pictures." He handed me the folded piece of paper and ran his hands through his hair.

I know he expected me to read it out loud, but there was no way in hell I could do that when I knew my life was over.

My hands were shaking and I could feel the burning in my eyes as I glanced over at the horrible photos.

Ty,

You were the one who really knew me. I gave you what I never gave anyone before and that was my whole heart. I promised to love you and be faithful to you for the rest of our lives. I thought you knew how much those words meant to me, how much you meant to me.

Instead, you snuck behind my back, for God only knows how long, carrying on a secret life with that whore, while I carried your babies and planned for our future. Did you ever love me, or was it always about Bella?

I'll never forgive you for this. I will never forgive you for making me love you so much, only for you to hurt me like this. Did you think I wouldn't find out? That you could live a secret life and then come home to me?

You were my world and all I wanted was to give you more children, but now I want nothing with you. I can't even think about you, and I definitely can't see you. Those pictures are forever burned into my mind. There's no talking your way out of this. We're done, Ty. Please leave me alone. Please give me time to get over this pain.

I know you love Bella and I promise that I will do everything I can to let you see the kids, all three of them, but I can't do it right now. Stay away from Kentucky. Forget whatever it was you think you felt for me.

Marrying you was the worst decision of my life.

Miranda

I handed the paper to Conner and got up to start pacing around the room. Nothing could change this. My family was gone, just like that. I'd lost them forever, over something that I never wanted to happen. She would never forgive me, not after seeing those pictures.

I walked back to the table, and kneeled down in front of all of them. Tears poured out of my eyes and I felt Conner's hand on my shoulder. "It's goin' to be alright. I'm goin' to help you get her back Ty."

"What the f**k are you talking about? Have you seen these pictures? She's gone, Man. She's never going to forgive me. I don't even forgive myself." The pictures made me sick, just looking at them. The last one I looked at had Heather sitting on my face.

I cringed.

Conner looked at the pictures and started pointing at certain ones. "Look at these, Ty. There isn't one picture where you're touching her with your own hands. She is doing everything, in fact look at this one." He held one up and between my burning tears, I saw that my eyes were hazed over in the picture. "I bet you a million dollars you never even had sex with this bitch."

I shook my head and started dialing Miranda's number again. Of course it went to voicemail. I threw it up against the wall. "Even if we could prove that, Miranda will never believe me. I lied to her. I kept it from her. How the hell did she even get these things?"

He grabbed my arm and made me look his way. "You need to calm down. I know my sister. She may be mad, hell she may even hate you right now, but she also loves you more than life itself. What you two have is somethin' special. She can't really think you're this guy." He held up the pictures. "You don't even have time to be this guy."

"I f**ked it all up, all over papers to be Izzy's real father. God, Conner, what am I going to do without them? What am I going to do?"

After I put my phone back together, I called Miranda's phone over and over, with no answer. I left her several messages, without really talking about what was going on. I hated that she was driving so far, being so pregnant. I wanted this to all be a nightmare, but it was a reality.

The only woman that I ever truly loved more that life itself, hated my guts. I'd broken her heart into a million pieces and she was never going to give me another chance.

I ran to the door, before I even realized what was happening. "Ty wait! Where are you goin'?"

I threw my keys down on the countertop . "Drive me to the airport, Conner. If I leave in the next hour, I can beat her there."

"She's not goin' to want to talk to you."

"I don't care. She needs to know the truth, even if she doesn't want me anymore, she needs to know that I never wanted it to happen. I would never have done that to her or to our family. She's all I want, she's all I'll ever want."

"I get it Ty, but right now, she's a mess. Hell, she couldn't even tell me what she was plannin'. Just give her a few days. She'll miss you and want to talk. Come on Ty, she was willing to trust Tucker again, she'll forgive you. I will help you."

I shook my head and rubbed my hands over my face. "I can't just stand here waiting. I have to see her. I have to be close to her. I need to see my wife."

"Fine, I'll take you. When things get worse, don't say I didn't tell you so. I know my sister and she needs time."

"She needs to know that those pictures were not my doing. I threw up when that bitch tried to kiss me. Do you really think I'd let her put her f**king pu**y in my face? You're a f**king guy, and I know that you wouldn't do that shit to someone you hated. I've done that to two people in my life and you know both of them. That is the picture that broke your sister's heart. She needs to know it ain't real."

Conner threw his hands in the air and walked out of the house. I ran into my bedroom and grabbed a change of clothes before meeting him in his truck. For most of the drive, we said nothing. We both continued to call Miranda's phone with no answer. Eventually, her voicemail was full and we couldn't even leave a message.

"I need to call Van."

Conner turned to look at me. "You really think you want to talk to her about this? Isn't Heather the one who Van caught you with? You really think she'll believe you?"

I slammed my hands on the dashboard. "God Dammit! I don't know what to f**king do. I messed up so bad. This isn't just about losing my wife, I'm losing my whole family. Heather knew this would happen. She did this shit on purpose to ruin my life."

Conner pulled over the truck and put it in park. He held his hands up. "Just hear me out. I know the shit is crazy right now, but neither one of you are goin' to do any good to each other by hashing this out tonight. Let her get to Kentucky and calm down. Call Colt and Van if you need to, but just wait this out, Ty. I got a plan that might just save your marriage. I need you to calm down and trust me. Can you do that?"

I shook my head and stepped out of the truck. I just needed air. I was paying the ultimate price for what happened, but I didn't care so much for myself as I cared for Miranda. If the roles were reversed, I would want to lay down and die, hell, I wanted to do it, just imagining I could never be with my family again. They were my life and they were gone.

I climbed back in the truck and turned to Conner. "Just turn around. I don't know what you have planned, but I will give you the night to figure it out. Even if I went to Kentucky, there's nothing I could say to convince her to come back to me. I know she's done. You can say she will forgive me, but she'll never be able to trust me or look past it. I need to face the music. She's gone. My family is broken because I'm the biggest f**king idiot on the planet." I beat my head on the dash.

Conner got us back home, but refused to talk about his big plan. He handed me a bottle of whiskey and a glass, before getting a shower and heading out. I couldn't get how he thought he could fix things. He didn't even know Heather.

I drank half the bottle before I had the nerve to call Van. She was yet another person who would never look at me the same. Colt was going to be so disappointed. It was good that he'd threatened to kill me if I hurt Miranda. At least I wouldn't have to feel this pain for very long.

While the phone started ringing and I waited for her to pick up, I looked around the walls at all of the pictures of my happy life. My wife was the most beautiful woman, but it hurt to look at her, knowing the pain she was feeling. I needed her so much. I wished she could know that she was my everything.

Hello?

Van, it's me.

Hey, what's up?

From the tone of her voice, I knew she hadn't heard from Miranda yet.

I think there's something you need to know.

Is this where you tell me that you're madly in love with me and we should run off to an island together? Oh God, she assumed I was home with Miranda and playing a joke on her.

No, this is serious.

Is Miranda okay? Is she in labor?

No, just stop talking for a minute. This is hard for me to put into words. I don't know how to say this without having you hate me too.

What are you talking about Ty?

She left me, Van. She took Izzy and all of their things and she left me.

You are kidding right? Let me talk to her. You guys aren't funny.

This isn't a joke. I came home from work to a note and empty dresser drawers. She's probably on her way to you guys as we speak.

Why would she leave you? What did you do, Ty?

For the next ten minutes I explained how I asked for Heather's help in getting the paternity test altered. I told her how Heather caused us problems. She cut me off before I could explain the night I ruined my life.

Why would you call that bitch? You know she only wants one thing, Ty. She's only ever wanted you

I know, Van. You don't have to remind me. I was desperate. I know it was a mistake and when Miranda found out she was pissed. She sent Heather a text that set all of this into motion. Heather got pissed and said we could forget about our money and the papers. So, Miranda got this bright idea that I should go over to her house and pretend she left me. We just wanted her to feel sorry for me and get the damn papers, I swear. I was there for a short amount of time and she kept questioning my intentions. When she tried to touch me, I got sick. I came back to a cup full of liquor and the next thing I knew, I was waking up naked next to her. Van, before you say anything. I swear to you and to God that I never went there to cheat on Miranda. I don't remember doing anything, but saying no.

Then tell me how you woke up naked Ty? Do you expect me to believe this? I could tell she was already pissed at me. I sounded like a fool trying to convince her I was a victim. She would never believe me.

She drugged me, Van. The last thing I remember was feeling dizzy and waking up somewhere else. I swear I am telling you the truth. You can ask Conner. He helped me that night and convinced me to never talk about it again. I've been living with the guilt for months and it was killing me inside. So yesterday, I drove to Heather's to make one last plea for the paternity papers. When I rejected her for the second time and she admitted to drugging me, I lost it. I went off on her. I walked out of there and hoped her house would blow up with her in it. That's the f**king truth.

So you went home and told your wife the truth? Is that why she left?

No, I went home and decided I could never hurt her like that. I never would have cheated, and I never will. She's my life and I don't want to live without her, not for a second. My eyes started to burn as I looked over at the pictures that remained in my living room. Heather must have been pissed. She must have come to the house sometime this morning to confront Miranda.

Oh my God! She told her in person?

More like showed her. She took all of these pictures of the two of us. I don't remember doing any of it, you have to listen to me. I'm telling you the truth. I love my girls so much. I'd never do anything to lose them.

Please don't cry, Ty. It makes it hard for me to be angry with you, when I hear you in so much pain.

She won't return my calls. I went to school to get Iz and she was gone. Miranda took all of their clothes. She isn't coming back. I lost them, Van. Please tell me what to do. How am I supposed to live without them? I can't do this, not for even one day. I'm so f**king lost right now. I need to hear her voice. I need to see her beautiful face and hold her in my arms.

Is Conner with you?

He went out. He said he had some crazy ass plan to help me, whatever that means. My crying was more apparent considering I could barely get my words out.

When Miranda get's here I will keep her safe and calm her down. I can't promise that I can get her to talk to you Ty. You know how she feels about cheating. It's going to take her a while before she can deal with it.

She's never going to forgive me. I deserve all of this, for cheating on you, and for lying to my wife. I made my life this way. I never should a have let myself feel so happy. Nothing lasts forever.

Miranda loves you, Ty. No matter how angry and hurt she is, I know she loves you. Listen, I will text you and let you know she's here safe. If she say's it's okay, I will have Bella call you. I can't promise she will be reasonable, but I will try my best.

Does this mean you believe me?

Heather is an ignorant bitch who has only wanted one guy since high school. I think she's capable of doing everything you said. As far as the cheating, well, I know you never got bent out of shape like you are now over me and I know how much you obsess over your wife. There's no way I could believe that you would be willing to lose that.

I just lost it. Of all the people in the world, Van was the last person that I ever thought would be on my side. She'd forgiven me and I needed that so much. I wasn't that person anymore and I needed my wife to know that. I wasn't going to give up. I couldn't.

Thank you, Van. It means so much right now.

I'll call you soon. Please stay home tonight. Don't do anything stupid. We love you, Ty.

Love you guys too.

I hung up the phone and tried Miranda one more time, hoping to just hear her voice.

Chapter 19

Miranda

Why is it that when your life is at a breaking point, every freaking song on the radio relates to it. If I heard one more sad song, I was going to rip the radio out of the dash and toss it out on the road.

After Bella's million questions about her father, I ended up turning off my phone. I didn't want her to hear it ringing and know that I had lied to her. It was bad enough that she was going to hate me for taking her away from her father. It broke my heart for her. Ty may have been a cheater, but he was a good father.

I wanted to hate him, but doing that made me hurt more. I couldn't stop thinking about all of those moments where his love overpowered mine. He'd fought so hard to prove to me, without a doubt, that he wasn't the same person he used to be. I trusted him so much and yet he'd done exactly what he said he wouldn't do. How could he go through with that, knowing I was at home waiting for him? He was out f**king the town whore, while I sat at our house, barefoot and pregnant.

Cliche!

I hated what we'd become. I hadn't just lost my husband, I'd lost my best friend. I wanted to call Van and tell her what went down, but I just couldn't talk about it, on account of it making it real. I kept thinking I was going to wake up and be okay. Ty was going to be next to me, holding me tight and telling me that it was all in my mind.

I'd been driving for two hours, before I had to stop and relieve my bladder. Unfortunately, I had to wake up Bella to do it. She looked around in her groggy little body and climbed out of the car. "Mommy? Where are we?"

"I have to go potty. Do you need to go?"

She nodded and held my hand as we walked into the public restroom. She let me go first and I waited in the stall for her to take her turn. While she moved her legs back and forth she cocked her head to the side and looked at me. "Why are you still sad, Mommy?"

"I'm not sad. I'm just anxious to see our family. Are you excited?"

She shrugged. "I wish Daddy came too. We never go to Kentucky without Daddy. I just want him to be with us."

I brushed her hair with my hand. "I know you do, Sweetie. I know you do."

God, could this hurt anymore? How much more could I take?

Bella finished and we got back in the car. Of course, since she was awake, she insisted on getting something to eat. I stopped at a drive thru and ordered for her. I knew I should eat something, but I would just throw it up. We still had a few hours to drive and I hated that it was already so dark.

Once I got Bella's food situated, I grabbed my phone and turned it on. Right away the voicemail notifications lit up. I knew who the calls were from and I started to just hit the delete button, but something made me listen. I just wanted to hear his voice.

My shaky hands hit the button to listen to the first message and the tears were already falling down my face.

Hey, Baby, it's me, your totally awesome, madly in love, husband. I was calling to hear your pretty voice and your southern twang, but got your voicemail instead. Miranda, I love you so much. I can't even explain how happy you make me. You've given me more than I could have ever asked for. There isn't a second out of the day, where I am not grateful for the life we have. I love you with all of my heart. I love the family we've made and look forward to our beautiful future together.

Can't you just see it? Can't you see us with gray hair, sitting at those late night football games. I'll be the dad with one eye on my football playing sons, and the other on our daughter, who if she looks anything like you, I will need to carry a gun to fight off all of those horny teenage boys.

God, I am so glad I have you, Baby. I'm almost to Izzy's school, so I gotta go. I missed you today and I can't wait to kiss those lips and see your pretty smile.

I love you.

I dropped the phone to the floor, unable to even breathe. Ty had left me that message before he knew what happened. He didn't even know that Heather had paid me a visit. His words were too fresh in my head. I picked up the phone and hit repeat.

After the third time, Bella had started to cry in the backseat. She couldn't hear her father, or what I was doing, she just knew I was devastated about something.

I couldn't listen anymore and turned my phone back off. That message was from the Ty that I loved with my whole heart. That was the Ty that would lay down and die before someone hurt me. Knowing there was a secret part of him that wasn't that man, stabbed through every ounce of love I had for him.

He said we'd be forever and our love would never die, but all along I wasn't enough for him. He was just waiting for an opportunity to be with that f**king whore again. I wished she was dead. She ruined my life and walked out of my house laughing at what she'd done. What kind of person does that?

"Mommy, can I please call Daddy now?"

No! Please stop asking. You're making me crazy!

Reluctantly, I dialed Ty's number and handed Bella my phone. "It's ringing. Listen, I don't want Daddy knowin' I'm sad, so just tell him I can't talk while I'm drivin'. Okay?"

She didn't get to answer before I heard her talking. "Hi, Daddy."

"Yeah, we're driving. Yes. I know. She says she can't talk when she's driving. Okay. Yeah, Mommy says I am going to surprise Noah. I will. Okay, Daddy. I love you too."

I thought she's hung up, but she started giggling. "I know, I promise. I won't forget, Daddy. You're my best friend too. Okay, I'll tell her. You already said that, silly. Okay, I miss you too."

I focused on the road, even though the tears were running down my cheeks. I refused to look back at Bella. I was taking her away from her favorite person in the whole world. I wondered how many nights it would take her to stop crying for him; to stop wanting to be around him.

This decision wasn't about just me. She was old enough for it to change her life. She loved her father, her friends and her life. Bella was the happiest little girl and Ty played a huge role in her life. Taking him out of the equation wasn't going to be as easy as moving away.

It wasn't like I was even welcome in Kentucky, in fact, I was pretty sure that most girls my age wished I'd never come back again. How could I raise my kids there knowing that I had such a bad reputation. People in small towns didn't get over things like that.

"Mommy?"

"Yeah, Sweetie?"

"How come Daddy sounded so sad?"

Please don't tell me that! Don't feel sorry for him. He did this to us. This is all his fault. "He's just sad he couldn't come with us."

"Daddy said to tell you that he loves you. He said he wishes we were home with him."

I needed to be strong and not give my opinion. She didn't need to know this was happening. This had nothing to do with how much he loved her. I needed to remember that. "I'm sure he does, Sweetie."

"Have you ever seen Daddy cry, Mommy, cause I think he was crying. He sounded sad too. Can't we just visit Noah on another day. I think we should go home and hug Daddy instead."

My throat was burning with sobs I was fighting to keep in. "We're almost to Uncle Colt and Aunt Van's house. Daddy will be fine, Bella."

She started crying. Just what I didn't want to happen. How could she even know something was wrong. "Did Daddy say he was sad?"

"No. He just said he missed you and sounded sad. I want my Daddy."

I put both hands on the steering wheel and tried to focus on driving. The tears filled my eyes, faster than I could blink or wipe them away. Part of me wanted to keep driving forward and get to the ranch, but something else inside of me wanted to turn around and go running back to where I left the other half of my heart. I wanted my happy life.

A car started to pass me and they had their high beams on. I flicked mine trying to get them to turn theirs down. In between the bright lights and my watered eyes, I wasn't able to see the freaking buck jumping in front of my car. I tried to swerve, but suddenly lost control and felt the car diving into the ditch. Unfortunately, we hit a culvert and it forced the car on its side.

My fat belly was stuck in the seat belt, as I frantically reached for my daughter. She was crying, so I knew she was conscious. "Bella, talk to Mommy. Are you hurt, Baby?"

"Mommy, I want to get out of here!" She screamed.

"I know, Baby. Mommy is stuck in her seat belt. Your little brothers made my belly too big."

I heard voices of the people from the car with the high beams. Thankfully, they had stopped. A young man came to the window and looked in. "Help is coming. We called for an ambulance. Are you hurt?"

It was all happening so suddenly. "Can you get my daughter out? I'm pregnant and I'm stuck in the seatbelt."

"We're pretty close to the firehouse. They should be here any second."

That was good considering, I had no idea where I was. In fact, if these people hadn't been around, I wouldn't have even known where to tell the ambulance to come.

"Do we need to call someone for you? A husband or boyfriend?"

Bella was really screaming as the strangers climbed in and freed her of her seatbelt. "It's okay, Bella. We hit a deer, that's all. It happens all the time."

"No it doesn't, Mommy. I want to go home. I hate surprise visits. I want my Daddy." As the guys pulled her out, she continued to kick and scream, even after they set her down.

I was shaking so bad that I didn't even notice the bright lights coming our way. The red lights of the ambulance brightened up the dark road. With Bella out of the car, the paramedics rushed to attend to me.

"Ma'am are you in any pain?"

I shook my head, but honestly, I had no idea if I was in pain. I was freaking out. "Please get me out of here. I'm in my last month of pregnancy and I feel like I can't breathe. Get me the hell out of here!"

My car was on its side, with probably more damage than it was worth. The paramedics had to wait for a fire truck to come with the necessary tools to cut me out of my seatbelt. As I lay there dangling, I could hear them trying to calm down my freaking out daughter.

"Ma'am do you need us to call your husband? Your daughter keeps crying for her father."

I opened my mouth to answer, just as the seatbelt was cut free. Two firemen, reached in and caught me from falling. As the seat belt was removed a sharp pain hit me at once. I couldn't answer about Ty, I could barely breathe. When they got my out of the car and onto a stretcher, all Hell broke loose. Bella was being taken to the ambulance while they were putting me on a stretcher and lifting me up in the back of it.

Things started to get blurry after they closed the door and started calling in my condition.

"Yeah we have a female, approximate early twenties, who appears to be in her last trimester of pregnancy. We're going to need all maternity staff ready for her when we arrive, she's bleeding pretty bad. Her B.P. is elevated and she was complaining of being short of breath."

The realization of what was happening hit me and I knew, without a doubt, what I had to do. This wasn't about a marriage, this was about our children. Ty needed to be here. He needed to know. I couldn't have him worrying about us and something really be wrong. I could never live with myself if something bad happened and I prevented him from being there. "Ty.............sir, I need you to call my husband. Please, you have to get my phone out of the car. You have to call him. Please help him get to us."

"Ma'am just tell me his number and I will try to get him on my phone. We don't have time to get out and look for your phone, you're bleeding pretty bad."

"What does that mean? Are my babies okay? Tell me they are okay?" I was frantically reaching for the man's arm, hoping he would give me some kind of hope.

"Did you say babies? Is this a multiple pregnancy, Ma'am?"

"Yes! Please call my husband. He has to be here. We need him to get here. Mister, you have to call him."

He held up his finger. "Just give me a second." He got back on the radio and after running down once again, who he was and what ambulance number they were, I heard him say, "The woman we're bringing in is carrying multiples. You need to be prepared and have neonatal on standby."

A sharp pain started in my abdomen and traveled around to my back. It literally felt like someone shoved a sword into the center of my back and moved it around. My body bucked and I scream out in agony.

The poor paramedic strapped my body down to the stretcher and took out his phone. "What's your husband's number?"

I repeated it to him twice, even though I think he heard it the first time. As the pain became even stronger, my thoughts went to Ty. He'd ruined the sanctity of our marriage, but I needed him right now. I wanted him with me, holding my hand and telling me that everything was going to be okay, because I felt like he was the only person that could make that happen.

I looked over to see him looking down at his phone again. Did he dial the right number? Was Ty not answering because he didn't recognize it? He had to get in touch with him. I just wanted to hear his voice.

Please God, please get Ty to me. Please help him find us. I can't do this alone.

The equipment in the cab began to shake as the ambulance started to move. The guy was checking my vitals, but I could feel myself starting to black out. My hearing went first, then my sight followed. Blackness took over and I let it happen. The pain in my stomach had spread to my back and it was so severe that I just wanted to scream.

As they rolled me into the hospital, the bright lights made me squint my eyes. Faces of strangers surrounded me as they ran alongside the stretcher. "Bella." I moaned.

"Your daughter is fine Ma'am. We will keep her safe until someone from your family gets here."

"Ty?"

The paramedic leaned down so I could hear him. "He's coming, but you're pretty far from home. It's going to take him awhile."

I started to cry, and it wasn't from the pain. I was so scared and all alone.

A new wave of pain hit as they transferred me onto a fresh bed. Right away the room was filled with nurses and doctors. My legs went up into stirrups while a middle-aged man slid in between them while slipping on his rubber gloves. I could barely feel what he was doing, from the amount of pain I was feeling. A nurse came wheeling a cart in and soon they were doing an internal sonogram to check on the babies.

"Are they okay? Please tell me they are okay?" I screamed through the pain.

One nurse pointed to something on the screen, but I couldn't see it. The doctor nodded, but said nothing.

"Please tell me somethin'. What is happenin'?" I cried and cried while they poked and studied my pregnant insides.

The doctor called across the room. "Prep the O.R., we have a placental abruption and need to get the babies out as quickly as possible." He stood and walked to my side. "Ma'am, the accident caused your placenta to tear. It's necessary that we get you into surgery right away."

"We have to wait for my husband. We can't do this without him." I grabbed his arm, hoping he would feel sorry for me, enough to wait at least.

"Ma'am, I am sorry to have to say this, but this is a life or death situation. We can't wait for anyone. Right now you and your babies are in serious danger. We need to get them out and stop the bleeding, before your kidneys and other organs start to shut down."

I couldn't speak. All I heard was that it was life threatening.

The nurses were already running around, prepping for the surgery.

It was all happening so fast.

What if I died? What if me and the boys died? How would Bella get through it? I didn't want her ever losing her father, but now she could possibly lose me instead.

I needed Ty. The last thing I said to him was that I hated him. Those were going to be the last words he ever heard from me. No, please God, just let me tell him that I will always love him, no matter if we were together or not. Let me tell him that he is the only man I would ever love. Don't take my life without me telling him that. Please don't let me die.

Chapter 20

Ty

I'd no sooner got off the phone with Van, when my phone rang. I saw the name "wife" appear and answered it without hesitation.

Miranda?

Hi, Daddy. Izzy.

Hey, Sweetie. Are you with Mommy?

Yeah, were driving.

To Uncle Colt's house?

Yes

She had packed their things and never looked back. It was hard to talk to my daughter when all I wanted to do was break down.

Well, Noah will be excited to see you.

I know.

Can I talk to Mommy, Iz?

She says she can't talk when she's driving.

Okay, well, at least tell her that I love her.

Okay

Are you okay, Iz?

Yeah, Mommy says I'm going to surprise Noah.

I started thinking about not being able to see her and I was getting all choked up. The last thing I wanted was to upset Iz. She didn't need to know what was going on between her mother and I.

Be a good girl for Mommy, okay?

Okay, Daddy.

I love you so much, Iz.

I love you too.

You know you're Daddy's favorite little girl, Please don't ever forget that.

My voice started squeaking and I knew I had to get the hell off the phone.

I know, I promise I won't forget.

You're my best friend forever.

You're my best friend too.

I love you, Iz.

You already said that, silly.

Don't forget to say your prayers and brush your teeth. I miss you so much already

Okay, I miss you too.

I heard her hang up the phone before I could say goodbye. It was probably a good thing, considering I was such a wreck. I hadn't just lost Miranda from lying, I had lost my little girl. It hurt so much to hear her say they were going to Kentucky, because I knew Miranda didn't plan on coming back.

I kept thinking about how difficult it would be for Miranda to explain all of this to our daughter. She wasn't exactly okay with me not saying goodnight to her, not even for one night. Since she was too young to remember, I had tucked her in at night and made her brush her teeth and say her prayers.

The bottle of liquor was disappearing by the second. I'd hit rock bottom. I cried worse than I'd ever cried in my entire life. Miranda consumed me in every way. I felt like I needed her love to breathe. I needed her in my life, supporting me and guiding me to be the man I knew I wanted to be.

My daughter was the sunshine to my day. She filled my heart with love and when we were together, I just wanted to give her the world. She knew she had me wrapped around her little finger and I was completely fine with that.

I walked into Izzy's room and looked around at what was left. Sure, the furniture was still in place, as were all of Iz's toys, but there was just enough missing for it to be apparent. I fell down onto her bed and buried my hands into my face.

All of the tears in the world couldn't bring back what I'd lost. The damage had taken its toll and I was certain that, even with time, I would never get over this pain.

I thought about my friends who had divorced parents and how sad it was for them to have to see their dads or their moms on the weekends, and if they lived out of state it was more like some holidays. I didn't want that for my daughter, or my sons. I needed to see my kids every day.

If Miranda wanted to live in Kentucky, and she didn't want me anymore, I would have to find a place there so that I could at least be close to them.

I'd do anything to be close to them.

Maybe in time, she and I could be friends. Maybe, after years passed, she would give me another chance. All I knew was that it would be my new life's mission to prove to her that I wasn't the guy she saw me as. I was the husband that was so infatuated with her love, that no other woman could ever make me stray. I wished she knew that.

I honestly don't know how long I was in Izzy's room, but my cell phone ringing woke me up. I cleared the sleep away from my eyes and realized where I was. Following the sounds of the ringing, I saw the number was from a weird area code. When I went to pick it up, they'd already hung up. I sat the phone down and pondered on finishing the liquor sitting in front of the table. Just before I grabbed the bottle, the phone rang again.

Nothing could have prepared me for that call.

Hello?

I'm looking for a Ty? Is this him?

Yeah, I'm Ty. Who are you?

My name is Joe and I'm a paramedic. Listen, your wife had an accident and you need to find any means possible to get here as soon as you can.

NO! THIS CAN'T BE HAPPENING...

Just tell me what hospital. I was screaming into the phone.

He told me the name of a hospital I had never heard of, which was bad, because I knew how far away they must be.

How is she? How is my daughter?

Your daughter is fine, Sir.

Miranda? Please....you have to tell me. Is she in labor? The twins? Please tell me something.

Sir, I'm not a doctor, but I do know you need to get here. Your wife is hemorrhaging. That's all I know.

OH GOD NO!

Tell her I'm coming. Please tell her I am on my way.

I hung up the phone and grabbed my keys, never even considering that I had been drinking. Nothing mattered to me once I heard they were in an accident. Of course, I was thinking the worst, who wouldn't have? With Izzy being okay, my focus was on Miranda and our boys.

I plugged the hospital's name into my phones GPS and saw that I was a good hour and forty-five minutes away, and that was if I hauled ass to get to them. That much time could mean life or death. I had to get there. She had to know I loved her and she wasn't alone.

I'd like to say that I kept my focus on the road, but it would have been a lie. My wife was all I could think about. My foot pressed against the floor as I battled time to reach them. I don't know if God was on my side, or I just got lucky, but I pretty much drove ninety miles an hour the entire way, making it there in just short of an hour and a half. The last time I'd considered driving after drinking had changed my life and I swore that I'd never do it again, but there was nothing that could have taken my focus from getting to her, to them.

I don't even remember putting the Jeep in park, before running into the hospital entrance. Of course, they gave me the run around about Miranda at first, because they didn't have her registered under the right name. If she couldn't give her information, it wasn't a good sign.

Finally, after I lost my temper, a security guard escorted me to the third floor and had a nurse sit me down. I waited for him to go back down in the elevator, before I started flipping out again.

I rushed over to the nurse's station. "Where is my wife?"

"Sir, please take a seat in the waiting room. I will have the doctor come out to talk to you."

No no no! This can't be good.

"Tell me now! Dammit, I need to know." I'd driven at the speed of light to get to her and now this bitch thought she could stand in the way of me finding my wife.

Aww Hell no!

"Sir, I'm going to ask you again to have a seat. The doctor will be out shortly." She held her hands on her hips like she meant business, but nothing she did could have made me calm down.

"Look, I just need to know what's going on. If that was your husband in there, would you be okay not knowing anything? Please.....that woman is my life. I need to know something."

She stared at my tired and worried eyes and finally shook her head. "Look, I'm not supposed to tell you anything, but I can see that this is hard for you. Come with me, Sir." She started walking away from the operating room doors.

Where was she taking me? Was I too late? Was I waiting for a doctor to tell me that my wife hadn't made it? Oh my God. What would I do without her? What would I do without that beautiful woman that meant everything to me?

"Stop!" I don't know what made me say it. The nurse turned around and looked at me funny, as I hunched over to try to calm my stomach. "Please, just tell me where we're going."

She pointed toward a security door with a sign that read 'NICU'. "It's just through here, Sir. Follow me."

Now, I didn't really know what NICU meant, but I followed her anyway. Once we got through the doors, we were met with four smiling nurses.

"Nancy, who is this you have with you this evening?" One of the nurses asked.

She turned to look at me when she spoke. "This is the twin's father ladies. He's just driven a long way and I think he needs something to smile about."

What was that supposed to mean? Jesus Christ, somebody better start talking.

Two nurses were standing over two little incubators that were side by side. One of them motioned with their hands for me to walk toward them. My heart began beating out of my chest the closer I got. Two little babies, in matching beanie caps and diapers, who were hooked up to all kinds of tubes, were inside of the plastic enclosed beds.

The nurse pointed to one of the babies. "This little guy came out first. He weighed four pounds and four ounces." She turned quickly and pointed to the other baby. "And this little guy, well he must have been a little piggy, because he weighed four pounds and fifteen ounces. Congratulations, Sir, you have two twin boys." She put her hand on my shoulder as I looked from one baby to the other.

My eyes started to burn with tears and I couldn't hold them back, even if I tried. I'd miss them being born and they were so tiny. "Why are they hooked up to so much shit...err..I mean wires? Why are they hooked up to so many wires? Are they going to be okay? They are so small."

"They were born premature and both of them had collapsed lungs from the internal bleeding your wife suffered. Once we blew their lungs up and got them breathing again, we needed to hook them up to the machines to monitor that everything else is okay. When something like that happens, it is standard."

Wait! Did she just talk about Miranda past tense? Did I hear her right?

I held up my hands for her to stop talking. It was hard for me to get words to come out of my mouth. "Are they going to be okay?"

"As far as we can tell, yes. They scored fine on the APGAR test and aside from some early signs of Jaundice, we think they will be fine." She smiled and looked down at one of the babies.

Okay, my boys are safe and in good hands. "Where is my wife?"

She started to hesitate, but when she looked directly into my eyes, she just froze. "You don't know?"

Oh God! Please don't say it. Don't say she's gone. I can't live without her. Please don't say that.

"I don't know anything."

She guided me over to sit in a nearby chair. I was reluctant, but preparing myself for the worst news ever, well, I kinda wanted to be sitting down. I also would need a trashcan very soon, as I could feel the vomit reaching the base of my throat.

I just wanted this to be a nightmare. Seeing my baby boys was amazing, but I needed to find their mother. We needed to be seeing our boys together. I couldn't do this without her. I couldn't raise three kids alone and feel the pain that was rushing over me. I felt empty, like my life was being sucked out of me as well.

"I don't know everything, but I can tell you what I do know." She took a few deep breaths and kneeled in front of me. I knew this wasn't going to be good news. "As you probably know, your wife was in an accident earlier this evening. From what I gathered from the other nurses, a deer went in front of her car and caused her to swerve off of the road."

Izzy.

"Where's my daughter? Where is Izzy?"

The nurse stood back up and put her hands in her hips. "They should have told you that first. She's in our lounge coloring. They checked her out when they were brought in. She's fine, but asking about her mother often."

I stood up and cut her off. "Please take me to her."

I followed her down a long hallway and into a large room with a kitchen area. She looked up and jumped out of her chair, running toward my arms. "Daddy."

I pulled her into my arms and squeezed her close to my body. "Daddy's here Iz. Daddy's here."

Once I had a hold of her, I turned around to the nurse, who was standing at the door. "My wife?"

The nurse looked to the other woman that Izzy had been sitting with. They nodded and the woman called Izzy to come finish her picture. The bile started rising to my throat, realizing they didn't want Izzy hearing. I walked out into the hallway and leaned against the wall, eager to hear the truth.

"I'm not supposed to be the person to tell you this, but if I were in your shoes, I would have to know something. Your wife had already lost so much blood by the time she came in. Our first concern was getting the babies out safe. Once we got them both breathing again, they were taken to neonatal and they began frantically working on your wife. In cases like this, we can't always tell where the bleeding is coming from."

Please don't say she's gone. Don't say she's dead. Please don't say it.

"They're doing everything they can."

"What did you say?" Say it again. Say she's alive.

"The doctors are doing everything they can to save your wife. For the past two hours, it's all they have been doing."

"Where is she? I need to see her. I need to be with her. Please?" I was ready to beat down every damn door in the hospital until I found her.

"She's in surgery and I know you want to be with her, but I can't let you do that. Your wife has been in surgery for a long time and she needs to avoid any kind of contaminant that can cause an infection. Her life depends on you giving us this time to try and save her. Please understand." She grabbed my arm for assurance, but I pulled away.

I slid down the wall and put my hands in my face. Time passed but I stayed in the same position. Finally, the nurse said I could just go in with my daughter whenever I was ready. I gave a nod, but never looked up at her. I was too devastated and afraid to respond to anything.

It was obvious that Izzy had no clue what was going on and neither did anyone else in the family. I finally got up and gained my composure to make the first phone call. I grabbed my cell phone and walked until I had better service.

Hello?

Colt? My voice was broken as I tried to conjure up enough courage to explain everything. Miranda's been in an accident. She was on her way to your house. You need to get the family and get to the hospital right now. Please hurry.

Where are you? How bad is it, Ty? Tell me something. How bad, Ty? Where's Bella? Was she hurt?

It was too real. I couldn't talk anymore... I couldn't talk about this.

They say it's bad. I haven't seen her. I don't know anything. Oh, my God, I can't live without her, Colt. Please get here. Find her mother. Just come as soon as you can.

I started to really get choked up and had to hang up and text him the information. They were hours away and I knew it could be too late when they did arrive.

Miranda was the best part of me. If she died, part of me would die.

I went to put my phone back in my pocket and heard doors in front of me crashing open. Two men in white surgical gear came out. They had on face shields and both of them were covered in blood from head to toe. They didn't see me standing there, staring at all of the crimson.

"That was one of the worse cases."

The other guy gave him a half smile. "You did everything you could to make it easier for her. Don't be too hard on yourself."

The other guy agreed, "Yeah, I just hate to see them suffer. I couldn't just leave her lying there alone. I had to stay until we had exhausted all of our options."

As they walked further away, their words went with them. I took a few steps closer to where they came out of and just like it was planned, another man, covered in blood came walking out. As the doors swung, I saw what I feared from the moment I saw all of the blood on that first man.

My wife lay motionless on the operating table.

God, please no! Please don't take her.

Chapter 21

Ty

Apparently, where I had walked to make my phone calls was a prohibited area. The nurse, that had taken me to see Izzy, came and drug me out of there.

I caused a commotion. At one point, she even threatened to call security. I wasn't about to leave my wife, not when I'd seen where she was. It took everything I had not to bust through those doors and take her hand.

The woman was pulling me down the hallway when I stopped her. "Wait! Please, just tell me if she's still alive? I saw her on that table. I saw the blood." I ran my hands through my hair. It killed me to say it out loud. "She didn't look like she was breathing." Tears rolled down my face. "Just tell me if I lost her?"

She put her hands on her hips and looked down to the ground, then back up to me. "I really don't know her condition. If you come back to the NICU with me, I can try to find out more. Mr. Mitchell, I can't imagine what you must be going through, and I do apologize that I don't have all the answers. How about we bring your daughter in to meet her brothers? We aren't normally supposed to let children her age in there, but they are the only babies right now and I am sure it would help both of you."

I didn't answer, but I nodded and followed behind her anyway. I'd imagined seeing my sons born for so many months and now they were here. I wanted to be thrilled that I had two twin boys and that they were going to be okay. I wanted to hold them in my arms and promise to love them forever, because I would love them forever, but all I could think about was Miranda. All I could see was her lying on that table, not moving.

A flutter of happiness lifted my spirits when I saw my daughter coming out of the room. She ran up toward me, stopping only because she rammed her body into mine. "Daddy, this lady say's you are going to show me Jake and Jax."

I looked up at the lady and she smiled. She began walking ahead of us. I reached out my hand for Iz. "She's right. Are you ready to meet them?" I tried to focus on the kids, because if I broke down I would have to tell Iz about her mother. Since I didn't know exactly what was going on, it was better I stayed quiet. Izzy didn't need to feel the way I was feeling. It was unbearable.

Seeing the twins for the second time was a happier experience, not like the first had been sad, it just wasn't what I expected. Izzy walked through the room of nurses, holding my hand tight. As we approached the plastic bassinets where the boys were, she hesitated and stopped me from approaching them. I bent down to her height. "What's wrong, Iz?"

"I don't like this place."

I pulled her toward the center of the aisle, in between the babies. "Don't be afraid. The clear beds keep them safe and warm."

A nurse came over and maneuvered the two boy's bassinets to touch each other. I picked up Iz so that she could look down at both of them. I watched her expression as she studied both of the newborns. "Do they hurt?" She looked up at me with concerned eyes.

"No, the wires are giving them medicine and feeding them. They wouldn't be sleeping if they were in pain." I was hoping what I was saying was enough. I didn't ever want to explain what my two sons had gone through to take their first breath. Both of them being born with collapsed lungs was horrific enough, but to explain it to someone who wasn't yet five, was just too difficult.

"How come Mommy isn't here? Baby Christian got to stay in the room with Aunt Van."

I stared down at the boys and tried so hard not to cry in front of my daughter. "She's just with the doctors, Sweetie. What do you think of these two handsome little guys?"

She shrugged and looked down at them. "Which one is Jake?"

I reached down and touched the bigger boys little fingers. "I was waiting for you to make the choice." It wasn't exactly the truth, but I needed the distraction. I had to do this, because if I really was losing Miranda, this responsibility was all on me. I had to be able to do all of this without her.

"It's hard to choose, Daddy. Can you help me? I don't want it to be wrong and Mommy be sad about it. She was really sad earlier today. I told her that you were sad too and that you loved her."

She looked right at me and I felt like my barrier was shattering to pieces. My eyes burned with wetness, but I refused to blink, knowing tears would roll down my eyes. I couldn't do this in front of Iz. I couldn't let her see me so sad.

"Thank you for telling her. I'm glad she knows that. Mommy would never be mad at the name you choose. She will think it's special because it's from you." I looked down at my beautiful sons; the sons that Miranda and I made together out of love. With one hand on one of the boys little hands and Izzy in my arms, the tears started to fall down my face. Thankfully, Izzy was too busy studying her brothers to see my initial burst of tears.

She pointed at the bigger of the two boys. "That's Jake."

"Are you sure, because if you change your mind later, they might get confused."

She turned to give me a dirty look, but her grin changed as soon as she saw my face. Her little fingers reached up and wiped away the tears. "Daddy, are you sad because of Mommy?"

I nodded but couldn't admit the words out loud.

"I'm sad too. They took me away from her. I could hear her crying at first. Maybe if she saw us she wouldn't be so sad."

The little miniature version of my wife looked up at me for answers, but I didn't know what to tell her. Hell, it was like I was living the worst possible nightmare ever. I took my hand and moved away a piece of her light blonde hair. "We can't see Mommy until the doctors are done helping her. For right now, we have to stay here with your brothers."

Izzy watched my face change and I did my best to hide my fears from her. She turned back to her brothers. "Which one did I say was Jake?"

I knew which one she chose, but decided to test her. I pointed to the other baby. "I think this one."

She shook her head and pointed to the other baby. "Daddy! This is Jake," Then she pointed to the other baby. "And that is Jax."

"Are you sure?"

She nodded her head and giggled. I loved that she didn't understand how serious our situation was. I never wanted any of my children to feel this pain. My heart ached for my wife and as much as I enjoyed being there with my three children, I couldn't take my mind from going back to be with Miranda.

"Yes, I'm sure, but what happens when we go home and mix them up?"

I focused on making my daughter smile. Focus on Izzy. Don't think about Miranda lying there alone.

"Maybe we should get them tattoos?"

"Daddy! You can't tattoo a baby, silly."

"Why not?"

I put her down and when she put her hands on her hips, I mimicked her. "Because you can't!"

I threw my hands in the air. "Well then I guess we won't ever know who is who."

She got on her tippy toes and looked at both boys. I could tell she was trying really hard to find something that wasn't similar. Both boys had a head of dark hair, which made me smile knowing it came from me. They both had grayish eyes, which I knew wouldn't change to a permanent color until they got a few months old. They both had ten fingers and toes and seemed identical in every way. I remember thinking back to when we found out we were having twins and how I joked that my sperm was so powerful I'd made two instead of one.

I reached down and brushed the smallest boy's cheek. "We'll be able to tell because we love them so much. We will always know."

"Can we take them home now? I think they want to see their room and sleep in their cribs instead of these." Iz knocked on the plastic causing little Jax to jump. She put her hand over her face to hide her embarrassment.

The nurse came walking toward us. She leaned down and touched the plastic. "Try not to knock on these, they are loud to the babies and we wouldn't want to make them cry." She patted Iz on the head and threw her a smile before giving me her attention.

"I was wondering if you'd like to hold them."

Without hesitation, I grabbed Izzy's shoulders and squeezed them. "Only if she can hold them too."

The nurse cocked her eyebrow, but nodded and grabbed Iz and I both a chair. By the time we had sat down, another nurse was getting the boys out, one at a time. Now, I'd held Izzy when she was first born. I felt the excitement of that experience and what it was like to watch her take her first breath. I'd missed that part with my sons, but there was nothing I could do about it. From the moment little Jax was tucked into my arms, I felt that same rush of happiness as I felt with Iz. She sat with her arms out, waiting for Jake to be placed in hers. I saw her look up at me and smile.

"You okay, Iz?"

She nodded and focused on her brother being put in her arms. We were sitting side by side and both of us looked from one baby to the other. "This is cool."

Jax opened his eyes wide; like he could see me even though I knew; he was too young to focus. I'd read that they could recognize voices, so I pulled the baby up to my lips and kissed his forehead. "I love you little Jax. Daddy's here and I'm never going anywhere."

The nurse, who was standing over Iz like she was going to drop her brother, helped her lift her brother's head to her lips so she could kiss him like I had done."I love you Jake." She looked up at me. "Can we switch now?"

Truthfully, I wasn't ready to let go of Jax, but I wanted to hold Jake too. I realized that I would now need three arms to hold my three kids, so that none of them had to go without or wait in line. I wanted them to always have me there for them. They needed to know they could count on me through the good and even the bad.

As the nurse switched the babies, I kissed Jake for the first time. His soft little skin smelled like a normal baby, but as my lips lingered over his little cheek, I thought about him being inside of Miranda. His little heart beat because of her. His perfect skin reminded me of hers and I looked up at the nurse, unable to wait a single second longer. "I don't care what I have to do, but please, I need to see her. I don't care if it is through a piece of glass, just let me be close to her."

"Daddy, are you going to see Mommy? I want to go."

I shook my head. "You need to stay here and help watch your brothers for a little while. Are you up for your first babysitting job?" I tried to make it sound interesting enough that she wouldn't ask questions. I shouldn't have just blurted out about seeing Miranda, but I couldn't take it anymore.

Izzy was a good little girl and with the help of another nurse, she agreed to stay and make sure the women knew what her brothers needed. At least they laughed about her attitude while we were walking out.

I had no idea where the nurse was taking me; in fact, I wouldn't be surprised if they took me and sedated me until I could calm down. One minute I was calm and the next I was demanding things that were above and beyond their jobs. Hospitals implemented rules for reasons, but my wife's life trumped every rule.

I had to see her. She needed to know I wasn't ever going to leave her. I needed her to be alive so we could be a family. I needed her to live because imagining living one second without her made me want to die myself. Every time I thought about it, I felt like someone was kicking me in the chest, taking all of the oxygen out of my lungs.

My body was shaking more with each step. Sweat was running down my temples, but I was cold. My head pounded and the bright hospital lights made me squint. I was petrified of my wife's fate. I was afraid that when the nurse stopped the door would read 'morgue', instead of 'OR'.

Miranda was the most fascinating human being that I'd ever known. My heart belonged to her heart. There was never a second in our relationship where I questioned our future. We were meant to be together, I believed that with everything I had.

I just had to know either way. I needed to know whether I was going to have to raise three children by myself, or with the love of my life.

It wasn't too much to ask, it was everything.

"You can't be in the room, Mr. Mitchell. The closest I can get you is through the window and you aren't supposed to even be in there, due to the severity of the situation." She led me through doors that we needed a pass code for. "Stay in here. Please don't knock on the window. I will come back and check on you soon."

She went to walk away, but I grabbed her by the arm."Wait! Please don't leave. I don't know if I can look at her. What if she's....?" I couldn't say it.

The window was covered by a mini-blind. The nurse walked over and started opening it. "I can hear the beeping of her heart on the monitor. Your wife is a fighter. She's been in surgery for over two hours and she is still with us." Before I looked up, I took a few deep breaths. "This room is for cesareans. Families can watch from a distance and not interfere with the surgery. Most of what they are doing isn't in view from this window, but at least you can see her."

When I opened my eyes, I saw the medical team surrounding the table where my wife lay. Wires were hooked to her arms and I could see a bag of blood hanging that was being forced into Miranda through an IV. Behind that was a monitor showing her heart rate. I placed my hand on the glass and took my actual first look at my wife.

She was alive.

I knew she wasn't out of the woods, but the fact that I could see her breathing, helped me so much. For the past few hours, I did nothing but think she was gone. I rested my head on the glass and let out my first breath of relief. "I'm here, Baby." I closed my eyes and imagined being in there holding her hand. It didn't matter that a nurse was standing behind me. I didn't care about anything, but my wife.

Then it all hit me like a ton of f**king bricks.

She was in here because of me.

She was hanging on by a thread to life because of me.

I did this.

My actions caused this.

I would never be able to forgive myself for causing this to her.

I had to open my eyes when I could hear a commotion coming from the operating room. A nurse was running toward Miranda with some big machine and I noticed the constant sound instead of a beeping. My heart dropped when I realized what was happening. "No!" I screamed. A heavyset nurse noticed me watching and walked toward the window. I figured she was going to point at me, but instead she lowered a separate mini-blind on her side of the glass. I smacked on the window one time and sank to the floor. I could hear them clear enough to know that Miranda's heart had stopped.

A female voice yelled 'clear' and the beeping immediately started back up. I stood quickly hoping they would re-open the blinds, but nothing happened. I just stood there staring at the blinds, not knowing what the f**k was happening in the next room.

I needed her to fight. Our children needed her to make it through this. She had to live. She had to be okay.

The nurse came back into the room, followed by a man. I uncovered my hands from my face and looked at both of them with tears already in my eyes.

No! It can't be. I can hear the monitor. Do not be in here to tell me you lost her.

"Mr. Mitchell, I'm Dr. Patel. I'm sorry we are meeting for such circumstances. Perhaps you would like to sit so we can talk about your wife's situation." He motioned for me to sit in a chair at the far side of the little room.

I sat down and stared at the window, even though I couldn't see through it. "I'm listening."

"I know the nurses have briefed you on your wife's condition, but I'm not sure that you understand the severity of it. You see, Mrs. Mitchell's accident caused her uterus to tear. This is a rare condition that usually results in some sort of trauma to the pregnant mother. Now in most cases, the mother and sometimes the fetus do not make it. In more common cases, the mother can be saved while the baby is stillborn."

I finally looked at the doctor, unable to take his serious tone, without giving him my undivided attention. "They told me my boys were fine."

He nodded. "It's a miracle in itself for us to not only save one, but both of them. You see, while we were delivering your sons, both of their lungs filled with your wife's blood. We were able to get them both breathing on their own with little effort and you should never worry about them having any long-term problems. Their lungs are functioning properly and in other cases, the children had never had a single problem with their lungs. The nurses have informed me that both boys are very healthy and are fully developed. Considering they were premature, it is good to hear."

I held my hand up. "I love my children, please don't take this the wrong way, but I need you to tell me about my wife right now. I can't talk about the kids until I know about their mother. You beating around the bush right now is making me think the worst. If she's gone, I deserve to know." I buried my face into my hands. "She's gone isn't she?"

The room fell silent for what seemed like a whole minute. I wanted to vomit, to scream, to bust my body through the wall to get to her, but I felt a hand on my knee and slowly looked up. "She's stable. She isn't out of the woods, but your wife is alive. She is a fighter."

I stood up and started pacing. "I need to see her. She needs to know I'm here."

He held up his finger. "We need to wait a while for that. She is going to be transferred to the intensive care unit, the ICU, where she will have a nurse at her side for the next twenty-four hours. Visitors will be limited to immediate family and no children are permitted."

"Is she going to make it?" Say she is.

"Only time will tell, but we will do everything we can to see that she does." The doctor seemed to be optimistic, which still didn't sit right with me. I needed to touch her. I needed to see her for myself.

"Look Doc, I appreciate everything you are doing, but I need to see my wife. I won't tell anyone, I won't even touch her, but please let me see her. I just need five minutes. Please." If you don't let me see her, I am going to beat down every door until I find her myself.

He looked at the nurse and whispered in her ear, while I stood there waiting for his response. "Let us get her moved and monitor her for an hour. We can get you in to see her, but everyone else will have to wait until she gets out of the ICU."

"Whatever it takes. I will do whatever I have to do."

"Go back and be with your children. We will come get you as soon as we can get you in there."

The doctor started to walk away. "Wait! Please promise me that the next time we talk it will be for me to see my wife and not for you to tell me she's gone. I need to hear it."

He reached out his hand for me to shake. "I will do everything in my power to make sure you see your wife as soon as possible."

It was enough for me to be hopeful. It wasn't a guarantee, but it was enough.

The next hour would be the longest of my life.

Chapter 22

Miranda

I remembered being brought in by ambulance and I even vaguely remember the nurses attending to me at first. Once the stabbing pain hit, it was hard to hold on. Nothing could have prepared me for that type of pain. One minute I was having a normal kind of contraction and the next I felt like I had fallen back first into a picket fence. I tried to hold on to consciousness, but it became too much to bear.

The last thing I thought of was Ty and how much I wished he was with me.

A bright light caused me to wake up and for a split second, I was sure that I'd died and was being forced into the light, but then faces came into my vision and soon I could hear their voices.

They were telling me to hold on; to fight. I needed to live; to see my children and love my husband. Suddenly, nothing mattered except for that. I needed to fight for them, because they needed me as much as I wanted them. I felt someone holding my hand and I just believed that he was there with me. I didn't know how he got there, or how long it had been, I just knew he was holding my hand and saying my name.

In this brief part of my memory, I don't remember feeling the pain and I am sure of that because when the pain did start to come back, it was even worse than before. The figure holding my hand wasn't my husband, but a doctor in a white coat. He gave me a smile and a squeeze when he saw me looking at him.

"Keep holding on," he whispered.

"Ty." He was all I wanted to see.

I knew I was crying, not that it mattered. It was obvious I was having surgery. A bunch of nurses were surrounding me and suddenly I felt a tug and then saw a very bloody baby being pulled from my body. I could hear the people, but not one single cry. I instinctively tried to reach for my baby, but realized I was fastened to the table. "No please...why isn't he crying? Someone help him!"

A nurse came up and steadied my head as I cried out for my baby. A second tug was felt and I watched my second son being pulled out of me, also covered in blood. "NO! NO! Why aren't they crying? Why are they covered in blood? Someone help them."

I tried to look behind me to see where they were taking my boys. This couldn't be happening. They were just moving around and fine just hours ago. I couldn't lose my boys, I just couldn't.

The more I cried out for them, the less the medical staff would tell me. Finally, I heard the doors opening and closing and then nothing. No sounds of babies. Not one single sound.

I couldn't lose them like this. They couldn't be gone. As devastating as it was for me to think about, the next thing that came to mind was Ty. How was he going to handle losing his sons? This would kill him. It was killing me.

The pain was becoming unbearable and I screamed out at the top of my lungs.

"I can't give her anymore. It's worn off already." The doctor holding my hand announced to someone else in the room.

"Give her something else." Someone else yelled.

"I can give her morphine, but she will still feel the pain, you know that."

I was fading in and out from the severity of the pain. My mind fought to hold on while my body was giving up. Part of me didn't want to live if I lost my boys, but I knew I couldn't just leave Ty with Bella. It wasn't because I thought he couldn't do it, it was because I couldn't imagine a life without them either. Every single happy moment of my life was because of them. I couldn't give up.

Time sort of stood still for me.

I didn't think I'd fallen asleep, but when I woke up new people were in the room and the man that had been holding my hand was gone. I tried to move my arms again, just to fail when they didn't budge. I tried to focus on the room, but the morphine must have been working because it was hard to focus clearly. I moved my head some more and saw that the doctor standing over my body was covered in my blood.

"My babies."

"Try not to talk. You need to save your energy."

"Please, tell me. Are they okay?"

I faded out again.

When I came to this time, my head was tilted to the side. For just a brief moment, I could have sworn I saw Ty looking at me through some kind of window. A doctor moved in front of my view and when he moved away again, Ty was gone.

Was he really here? How could he have gotten here so fast? How long had I been out of it? Does he know about our boys?

The more I started to worry, the more the monitor beeped. The faster it got, the harder it was for me to keep my eyes opened. I struggled to stay awake, hoping to get one more glimpse of Ty. I had to know if it was really him. I needed him to know that I didn't hate him. He needed to know if something happened to me, I wanted him to move on. He had a big heart and I knew he would want more children. Bella deserved to live a happy life. She didn't ever have to know what we'd done to keep her safe.

I let myself fade one last time, even though I was determined to stay awake, I had lost the battle.

The atmosphere was different when I opened my eyes. All of the previous voices had disappeared. A mellow beeping was coming from behind me just as I remembered being strapped to the bed, my arm raised higher than I expected it to. The ceiling was brighter with fluorescent lights instead of the ones in the last room I was in.

Before I could turn my head to look around, I heard someone sniffle to my right. I didn't have to see his face to know who it was. Ty's wedding ring, along with both of his hands covered my view of his face. He was obviously crying and just hearing it brought back everything that had happened.

I reached for him, even though he wasn't close enough to touch. When I went to speak, my voice was nothing but air. "Ty...." He didn't hear me through his own crying. "Ty," I repeated.

Slowly, his hands moved away from his face. I was shocked to see how red the eyes were that looked back at me. "Miranda...Baby, I can't believe you're awake. My God, I thought I lost you forever." He reached his arms around me and pressed his lips to mine.

My mouth was so dry; it hurt to even try to talk. "Water. Please."

Ty moved his face away from mine and looked around the room. "Nurse...she's awake and she needs a drink."

A female, who looked about our age, came walking up to my bedside. She was wearing scrubs with little teddy bears all over them. I don't know what made me notice it, but I did. They reminded me of the Grateful Dead bears I'd seen on bumper stickers.

"Because of the medication, I can't give her a drink yet, but I can offer her some ice chips to chew on. I'll be right back."

I watched her walk away and then turned my attention to Ty. My voice was an air-filled whisper, so he got up close to my face when I spoke. "I'm sorry."

"Baby, try not to talk." He wiped the hair from my face and kissed my cheek. "Everything's going to be okay."

It wasn't okay. It was never going to be okay. Our boys were gone because of my accident. I'd taken his sons from him. No matter what happened between us, we could never get past this. Even if I forgave him for Heather, he would never forgive me.

"Please don't hate me." I was too weak to cry, but inside I was being torn apart. He had to know the truth by now. How could he be sitting here with me knowing what had happened.

He stroked my cheek and ran his fingers over my lips. "Shhh, I could never hate you. Even if you hate me."

I reached for his face and stroked my hand over his stubble-filled cheeks. "I don't hate you." It hurt my throat to talk. I could feel it sticking together inside.

"I don't blame you if you do. I deserve it." He shook his head and looked down at the floor. "If I could take it back I would. Nothing means anything without you in my life, Miranda."

"You don't have to be nice to me after what happened, Ty. It's okay if you can't forgive me. I can't forgive myself." I started to really cry, even without the tears. My throat continued to stick together, pinching me from the insides.

"Miranda, you got into an accident. It wasn't your fault. Everything is going to be okay. I thought I'd lost you forever. You have no idea how bad it was. They had to bring you back once. It was the worst thing I have ever experienced." I could tell from his voice that he was truthfully scared.

"But the babies. It's all my fault. How can you even look at me? How could you ever love me?"

Ty froze and I truly believed he didn't know what happened to our boys. Had nobody told him? "Baby, what are you talking about? The boys are small, but they are both fine. Iz and I held them several times."

They're alive? "But, I saw them, Ty. I saw them covered in my blood. They weren't breathing." I hadn't noticed until Ty shushed me, that I was starting to hyperventilate. The nurse, who was already heading in my direction with my promised cup of ice chips, rushed to my side.

"Calm down, Mrs. Mitchell. You can't get yourself upset. We need to keep you as comfortable as possible."

I ignored the stupid nurse and looked at my husband. He pulled out his cell phone and scrolled to his pictures. "The one on the right is Jax and Jake is on the left. Izzy made the decision about who was who. She's pretty concerned we are going to get them mixed up on account of them looking so much alike, even though Jake has a couple more ounces on his brother."

I heard everything he said, but for some reason, I needed him to tell me again. "I don't understand."

"Miranda, Baby, you had a placental abruption. You were bleeding internally. I don't know how much you saw, but they were able to get the blood out of our boy's lungs in time to save them. I promise you that they are fine, in fact, your mother is with them right now."

"My mother? How long have I been out of it?" It wasn't like the room had windows.

"About twenty-four hours. I'm not really sure exactly. You've been in this place for almost twenty hours. Nobody has been able to see you except me and your mother. Everyone else has to wait until you go into a stable condition."

"Stable? My God, Ty, how bad is it?"

He shrugged his shoulders and leaned in close to me. I felt his fingers touching my face and I closed my eyes, appreciating his touch so much. "For a while, we were just playing it by ear. They never did figure out exactly where the bleeding was coming from. You've had seven separate units of blood transfused. We just didn't know what would happen. They were concerned about kidney failure for a while. They come and prick you every hour and check your vitals. Your breathing has gotten better throughout the day, but until you said my name, I didn't know if I'd ever see those pretty eyes again. You scared the shit out of us."

I intertwined my hand with Ty's. "I need to see our boys."

"I know you do. You have to get better first, Baby. Right now you have sixty staples from hip to hip."

Holy shit is that why I feel so tight?

An itch that I hadn't noticed before overwhelmed me. I began taking my nails and digging them into my arms. The nurse looked at what I was doing and handed Ty the cup of ice. "The itching is from the morphine. It's one of the side effects. I know it is unbearable, but try as best as you can to avoid scratching. I will find some lotion your husband can put on you where it is itching."

As soon as she walked away, I turned to Ty. He was looking in the cup and pulling out a small piece of ice to stick in my mouth. The way he was being so attentive to me was the Ty I knew and loved. The way he cared about me radiated through him. No matter what happened to bring us to this particular moment, I couldn't imagine him not being there.

I couldn't think about that situation, because my only focus needed to be on getting better so that I could see my babies. Bella must have been so frightened, even with my mother and Ty to keep her calm. How he kept a straight face around her was beyond my reach. That little girl was his kryptonite and I couldn't see him holding it together for very long.

My mother must have been freaking out by now. I can't imagine her getting that call. As Ty fed me another chip, it all hit me. "Oh my God, did you have to call and tell them?"

"You mean your mother? Well, of course I did. Actually, I called Colt, because calling your mother would have been too hard. None of this was very easy for me. In fact, at first, I didn't know you made it. They wouldn't tell me anything. They just kept taking me to the boys instead. I begged and pleaded and finally they let me see you while you were in surgery."

I cut him off. "In the window?"

"You saw me? When I looked at you, you were so lifeless. You looked so horrible and they wouldn't let me in there with you. I swear I tried, Miranda. I would have done anything to get in that room with you. I was so afraid. I can't live without you, Baby, not even for a second. You mean everything to me."

I wanted to argue with him; to ask him why he would sleep with Heather, but I was just too weak to confront him about it. My life had just flashed in front of my eyes and I needed to focus on what was best for my family and our future. Maybe Ty and I would never work, but I needed to at least try.

I was so hurt and even after just waking up; I could still see those pictures flashing through my mind. On the other side of my angst, there was an overwhelming feeling of need. Maybe it was selfish, but I didn't want to give up my family. Just moments ago, I'd thought that my twins were stillborn. What kind of mother would I be to take away their father that adored them? I had to find a way to make things work with Ty. I had to hope that in some way this terrible circumstance would make him want to be with only me.

It was so important for me to be optimistic, because without that, all I had left was doubt.

"I need you."

He looked me straight in the eyes and I could see the understanding radiate through him. "I'm here. I'll be here as long as you let me be."

I couldn't answer that, because up until my accident, I had been sure I wanted to get far away from him.

Everything had changed.

"Okay."

Knowing how hard it was to talk, Ty kept our conversations to a minimum. He laid his head next to me on the bed and held onto me as I fell back asleep. I woke up to someone pricking me for another blood test. Ty stirred and winked at me as he sat up. He was so handsome, especially after not being able to shave for a whole day. His brown eyes looked exhausted.

"You should go somewhere and sleep."

He pulled my hand up to his mouth. "I'm not leaving here unless you're with me."

"Well, I'm going to need my driver to be well rested. You will be traveling with a lot of precious cargo."

Ty rolled his eyes at me. "Trust me; I know how precious that cargo is. I'd die myself before I'd let anything happen to the four of you."

I let out an air-filled laugh and shook my head. "Let's not talk about death anymore."

"Fine by me. I'm kind of glad that I don't have to start wearing black every day. I mean, for me its fine, but I didn't want Iz going all Goth on us yet. She needs to at least turn ten before that happens." His white teeth were displayed for the first time. I loved that he had given me something to smile about. "There's that smile I love."

"It hurts to laugh."

He looked down at my body and pulled the covers away. "Yeah, I bet it does. It looks good though. The doctor says your scars should be minimal. They'll be hidden anyway. I mean, only I'll be able to see them when you're naked." His reply was loaded and I knew what he wanted out of it. He wanted me to agree with him; to accept his apology in some way and be able to move forward.

"Ty, I'm not ready to talk about this."

"Being naked or being naked with me?" He was very serious.

"Both."

I could tell it hurt him. He closed his eyes and looked away from me. His hand that was holding mine pulled away. I watched him run his hands through his hair with his back turned to me. "I get it, I really do. I don't deserve your forgiveness, but one day when you're ready, I want you to hear my side of the story. Maybe it won't change your mind, but you need to hear it."

He turned around and sat back down beside me, but instead of touching me, he put his hands into his face again. I reached for him. "Ty." He looked up and gave me his hand. His eyes were full of tears, but none fell. I wondered how many times he'd cried for me in the past day. I couldn't imagine what he went through. "I'm not going to leave you. I want to raise our children together. You need to know that I love you. I just can't get over what happened right now."

He shook his head. "I know."

"When I'm strong enough to hear it, I'll let you know." He put his head down again. "I should have never expected you to be able to change for me. It wasn't right for me to assume that."

Ty looked up at me with the most hateful look on his face. "You had every right, Miranda. I wouldn't have married you if I didn't want this life. There's never been anyone else, I swe...."

I held up my hand. "Save it, Ty. Please, I just can't hash this out right now. I'm still mad as hell and I don't have the energy to do this. I need your support, so that we can take our kids home together. Just give me that, because I know you want the same."

He shook his head, but just sat there sniffling for the longest time.

To avoid getting myself upset again, I turned my head away from him and closed my eyes, trying to only focus on being alive and the picture of my living, breathing twins.

Chapter 23

Ty

The first twenty-four hours had been the hardest for me to handle. They got a little easier when our family arrived. Colt was his normal, strong self, while Van and my mother in law seemed as upset as I was. Of course, my mother in law expected an explanation of why Miranda was driving to Kentucky without me. Thank God, Van was there to cover for me. It was bad enough that Miranda hated me for what happened, but I couldn't have every single person I loved feeling that way too.

Van was great to have there. She'd been the one by my side when they didn't know if I was going to pull through years ago. She kept her arm tucked into mine whenever she was near and always said something positive even when the doctor gave us bad news.

After they had resuscitated my wife, she still had issues. At one point, the doctor came out and talked to me about them being worried of her having kidney failure, and other complications from surgery. Thankfully, by the next set of tests her levels started going back to normal.

Once they got her moved into the ICU, also known as the intensive care unit, only one person was allowed in at a time. Colt managed to find a hotel nearby where they could all stay and get some rest. Of course, he offered it to me as well, but nothing could keep me from my wife.

Her mother and I took turns sitting at her bedside, just listening to the beeping of the monitors and praying to God that she would come back to us.

Conner and my mother were due to be there in the morning and with my mother in law being so tired, I told her to go get some rest at the hotel for a few hours. I think she took one look at me and knew I wasn't giving her an option. I wanted to be with my wife and not even sleep could keep me from that.

I'd dosed off a couple times in between my emotional moments where I couldn't hold in the tears any longer. Since the family had come, they had Izzy and were visiting the twins more so that I could be with Miranda. It was hard to choose between my kids and their mother, but I knew they were okay and Miranda wasn't.

I was praying to God when I heard Miranda say my name. I wanted him to take me instead of her. The kids needed their mother. I couldn't lose her and be strong enough to be good to them. The pain would overwhelm me, I just knew it.

As soon as I heard Miranda's beautiful voice, I felt like I could breathe again. I knew she had been through Hell, but the idea of losing her was the worst pain I'd ever experienced. Her voice was like a beautiful song filling my ears. It was raspy and I could tell she was in pain, but she was awake.

I don't even remember getting up and rushing to her side, but suddenly I was there, kissing her and looking into those beautiful crystal blue eyes. She looked so bad. Her hands and feet were swollen and her normal skin color had a white hue. It wasn't just that she was pale; she was so white that she looked like a ghost. Giant circles set under her eyes and her lips were hard and cracked. Aside from all of that she had a tube in her nose, giving her oxygen and IV's attached to one of her hands feeding her more blood.

I'd been so excited about her coming back to me that I'd almost forgot about what got her there in the first place. Of course, it only took us a short while to bring it up. I hated myself and blamed my own actions for putting her in the hospital. She needed to hear my side of the story. I had to tell her that I would never do those things with Heather voluntarily. I hated that bitch so much, for what she'd done to my family.

When Miranda asked me to wait to talk about it, I had to respect her request. It killed me sitting there in front of her having her think the worst of me. I don't know why I'd assumed she would ever be able to trust me, but hearing Van say she did, gave me hope. At any rate, Miranda said she was coming home to me. She wanted to raise our kids together. It might not have been the perfect result I was hoping for, but I would take it. She would be with me, in our home, where she belonged.

My heart had never strayed from my wife, not for one single second.

After a short nap, Miranda finally woke up again. I was afraid to talk to her, on account of what we talked about before she stopped talking to me. "Hey."

I hesitated, but then rushed to her side. "You okay, Baby?"

"I'm in more pain than before. How long did I sleep?"

I kissed her hands and traced her wedding ring. It made me happy that they never removed it, although it was pretty tight around her fingers from them being swollen. I'd hate for them to have cut it off. "I guess about an hour."

She brought her hand up to my face. "Did you sleep?"

I shook my head. I couldn't sleep, not with everything the way it was. My twins were going to be okay but Miranda was still in danger. There was no way in Hell I was going to rest until I knew she was out of the woods.

"Why don't you go rest? I'm sure my mother would like to know that I'm awake."

I leaned down and kissed her cheek. "I don't want to leave you."

"Ty," She grabbed my head and held it against her face. "I promise you that I'm not going to die."

I hated hearing her say it like that. "Don't even say that word. I can't hear it anymore. You don't understand how I felt when I thought you were gone. I'm sorry, Miranda, but I can't sleep. I can't eat and I don't want to spend a second away from you. I can't lose you. I can't ever lose you."

I've lost my balls and all of my dignity. I'm a damn crybaby.

"I told you that I'm coming home with you, Ty. I'm not going to take the kids from you. I couldn't do that."

I shook my head before resting it back against hers. "You don't understand."

Her hand reached for mine and I squeezed it. "I do understand. It's going to take time, Ty. I still love you, but you ripped my heart out. I hurt so much right now, physically and emotionally. I can't just forgive and forget. I know it isn't what you want to hear, but it's the truth."

"The damage is done, so I guess I have to take what I can get. I mean, I don't want to live one second without you. This just isn't how I wanted our life to be. Just promise me one thing."

"What?"

I closed my eyes and whispered into her ear as I let my lips drag over her skin. "Promise me you will try to forgive me, no matter how long it takes."

When she nodded, I grabbed both sides of her face and pressed my lips against hers. Yeah, they were crusty and probably hurt her, but I needed to feel them. I expected her to pull away, but she let me keep them there. As I stood up, I turned around and continued to hold her hand. "I'll never stop trying."

She smiled. "Promise?"

"I promise." I kissed her hand before walking out the door so that she could see her mother. For right now, Miranda still loved me. I was paying the ultimate price for my actions, even if they were forced on me without my say. I wasn't about to lose my wife, no matter what I had to do, or how long it took me to prove it.

I found Van in the NICU. She'd told the nurse she was Miranda's sister instead of cousin. Since my boys were still the only ones there, they seemed to be a bit more lenient about visitors. She was holding Jax when she saw me walking in. "Hey, is everything okay?"

I got a big smile on my face, unable to contain my happiness. "She's awake, Van. She woke up about an hour ago."

"Oh my God, we have to call her mother?" She handed me my son and pulled out her cell phone. "I'll be right back."

I looked down at Jax's sleeping little body. He was so much tinier than any baby I had ever held, but that didn't make him any less cute. In fact, he and his brother were both adorable. I couldn't tell who they looked like yet, but they definitely had my dark hair. I pulled off his cap to run my fingers through his little fuzzy head. I couldn't believe they were mine.

Since I had to take turns with Miranda's mother, I spent half of my time with my boys. I had changed their diapers and helped the nurse sponge both of them off. Jake peed on me during my first diaper change and I wasn't prepared for it at all. The nurses had all laughed and said it was normal, but I'd never had that happen with Izzy.

Jax started to wiggle and open his eyes. "Hey, Buddy, Daddy's back." I kissed his little soft forehead. "Your Mommy woke up earlier. She can't wait to meet you and your brother. She's so happy you're both okay. Daddy's happy too. I love you all so much."

I felt a hand on my shoulder and noticed Van was back. "She's on her way back from the hotel. She thinks you should take the car and get some rest. I can stay here if you need me to."

I shook my head and continued to stare at my son. 'I'm not leaving."

"Ty, don't be stubborn. You look horrible. You have to eat something."

I stood up and put Jax back in his bed, then reached over and grabbed his brother. They were a little hard to get out with the wires hooked to their bodies, but I was extra careful as I did it. "Van, I appreciate you caring about me, but I'm fine. I can't leave her. I just can't."

"Was she able to talk?"

I smiled thinking about her pretty face. "Yeah, she talked. She's in a bunch of pain, but she could talk fine."

"Did she talk about...you know?"

I nodded. "A little, she didn't want to and she refuses to hear my side. Honestly, I don't know if it would even make a difference anymore. The damage is done. It's going to take a lifetime to get her to trust me again. If I were in her shoes, I wouldn't trust me either."

"So where does she plan on going? She's just going to move back to Kentucky and take the kids from you? I can't believe Heather stooped this low. I mean, I guess I can believe it, I just can't believe she would intentionally break up a family. She had to know you wouldn't run back to her. I just don't get it."

I thought about Miranda moving to Kentucky and my stomach started to ache. "She's not leaving me. Well, she said we're going to raise our family together."

"Are you sure it isn't the drugs talking?"

Oh, shit! I hadn't thought of that. What if it was? What if she did take the kids?

"She said she still loves me and even though she can't forgive me right now, she could never take away my kids. I'm going to prove to her that I'm not the guy she thinks I am. I don't know how, but I will prove it."

Van leaned down and brushed the back of her hand over Jakes cheek. "They really look like you, Ty. Miranda is going to freak out when she sees them. I think that even if she did want to leave, these boys would change her mind. It doesn't hurt that you are such a good father. Miranda knows that. She also knows that you are crazy in love with her. She may not feel it right now, but she knows it's true. Just so you know, Colt didn't believe the Heather ordeal either. He didn't even think twice before he shook his head and said it wasn't possible. You've changed, Ty. I'd be lying if I said there wasn't a part of me that wonders if you could have really cheated again, but I can hear the sincerity in your voice and know that you're telling me the truth."

I kissed my other son and set him back in his little bed. "I am. The things in those pictures are something I never would have done to Heather or anyone else for that matter. I only do those things to Miranda, drunk or not, it's not possible. Besides, why would I want someone else when no one remotely even compares to my wife? That's ridiculous!"

"Yeah, but you kept it from her. That's what makes you look so guilty."

I waved to the nurse as Van and I walked out of the NICU. "I know. Either way it would have hurt her. I was just trying to avoid that. Trust me, if I would have known this would all blow up in my face, I would have done things differently."

Van reached her arms around me and held them there. I rested my chin on her head and accepted her comfort. "I'm sorry this is happening to you guys."

"Me too."

She looked up at my face and ran her hands on my stubble. "When is the last time you showered?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. Yesterday morning or wait maybe it was the morning before. Shit, I don't even know what day it is."

"Ty, please go to the hotel. Get a shower, grab something to eat and please get some rest. You need to be strong for your family. I haven't seen you look this bad since your coma. What will your mother say when she sees you like this?"

The elevator doors opened and Miranda's mother came rushing out. "Is it true? Is she awake?"

"Yeah, she's asking for you. I'm going to....um, if it's okay, I'm going to go back and shower."

She hugged me and pulled away. "Take as long as you need, Ty. I know this is hard for you. Thank you for being such a good husband to her. I think it's your love that kept her fighting."

As she walked away I looked toward Van and shook my head. "Just wait til she hears this is all my fault. She won't be thanking me then."

Even though I hadn't seen my parents yet, they had arrived and taken Izzy back to a hotel room so that she could sleep. The poor child must have been so confused.

Van rolled her eyes and pulled out the car keys. "Let's get you out of here for a while."

I didn't want to go, but my lack of sleep was making me dizzy, not to mention that I couldn't remember the last time I had eaten. Van stopped at a fast food drive thru and I think I was finished my meal before we pulled out of the parking lot. We didn't say much on the short ride to the hotel. I looked down at my dingy clothes and felt filthy. I hadn't even thought about how awful I must smell.

Colt was snoring away when we walked into the hotel room. He woke right up when Van threw her keys on the dresser. She sat on the edge of the bed and kissed him right away. "She woke up."

He wiped his eyes and looked toward me. "Hey Bro, congrats. I know you needed to hear that news."

"Yeah, I still don't want to be gone too long. You mind if I grab a shower?"

Van got up and ran toward the corner of the room. She pulled out a pair of jeans, a sweatshirt and even a pair of boxers. "Here."

"When did you have time to pack?"

She put her hands on her hips. "Colt and I were planning on going to the cabin. When we got the call, I grabbed our bag that I had packed and brought it with us."

"Good thing you did. I smell like ass."

The shower was extra hot and I stood there letting the water fall down over my back. My life was so f**ked up. I wished I could just wash away the last few months and start over. That would have been a hell of a lot easier than living through the past few days.

Colt was taller than me, so naturally I had to roll up my pant legs, but everything else fit fine. I started to ask to borrow his razor, but I just lathered up my face and did it without his permission. If he wanted to bitch about it, I'd buy him a new one.

When I came out of the bathroom, Van and Colt were wrapped in each other's arms sound asleep. I wanted to get to the hospital, but I opted to give them a few minutes to rest. I paced around the room until finally collapsing face first on the bed.

That was the last thing I remembered until I felt a pillow waking me up.

"Ty, wake up."

I sat up and realized it was dark outside. "Holy shit! What time is it?"

"After seven. Aunt Karen just called and said Miranda is askin' for you."

I jumped up and started to put my shoes on. "Did she just call? I didn't even hear the phone ring. Mine's dead."

Van handed me my phone. "I have the same charger so while you slept I charged it for you. I also went out and got you a toothbrush. I know you have an obsession with fresh breath." She winked at me.

"Shut up and thank you."

It felt great to brush my teeth, but I wanted to hurry. Miranda was asking for me to come back. If she said jump, I needed to do it.

I rushed back into the wing where Miranda was being taken care of. Her mother was standing there waiting to switch places with me. I walked up to give her a hug and she slapped me in the face. The blow was so unexpected that it jerked me back against Van.

"What the Hell?"

"I don't know what you did to my daughter, but she should have never been driving all that way alone. She refuses to tell me the truth."

"They had a fight, that's it. Ty would never do anything to hurt her." I was amazed that Van had taken up for me like that and so was my mother in law.

"You only know what he's told you. Tyler Mitchell, you better not be keeping something from me."

Van pulled me away from Miranda's mother. "She's just overwhelmed Ty. She went in there and saw Miranda and probably lost it. She'll apologize later. Go in there and be with your wife. If you need anything just text me or Colt. Tell her we love her."

She kissed me on the cheek before walking toward a very mad Karen Healy.

I shook my head but continued walking toward Miranda's bed. She smiled when she saw me and I lit up too. "Hey, Baby." I hesitated before reaching down to kiss her. At this point, I didn't even know whether she wanted me to.

"You smell good."

"Rumor has it I stunk earlier. Van took me back to the hotel and forced me to shower with her." Miranda cocked her eyebrow. "Colt was there too."

Maybe it was a shitty joke, but I felt so uncomfortable being around her that joking was the only way for me to cope.

"Probably should stick to jokes that have nothin' to do with bein' naked, at least for the time bein'."

I put my hands in the pockets of my jeans. "So, how was your visit with your mother?"

"She kept tryin' to find out why I was drivin' to Kentucky without tellin' anybody."

"Why didn't you just tell her the truth? Don't I deserve to be hated for what I did?"

She started crying and I felt so bad. She was lying there in the hospital bed and I was trying to crack jokes and be sarcastic. "I don't know how to hate you, Ty. I'm so in love with you that I can't bear to be without you. I mean, I hate what you did, but I hate thinkin' about not bein' with you. I'm so confused."

I grabbed her hand, knowing she wasn't going to let go. "Please listen to my side of the story."

With tears in her eyes she nodded her head. "I'm afraid. I can't hear you say what you did. I just can't hear you talk about it."

"I think you're going to want to hear this." I squeezed her hand tighter. "Just tell me to stop if it hurts too much. Just let me tell you, Miranda. I can't go another day with this on my chest. I've wanted to tell you about that night, but I couldn't believe it myself. Please."

"Okay."

I kissed her hand and put it to my chest. "Don't let go of my hand. I can't do this without you touching me."

It was time for me to relive every second of that night and to try and convince my wife that I never had any intention of ever being with Heather.

Chapter 24

Miranda

More than a day had passed since my accident, but the visions of those pictures were still fresh in my mind. The problem was, so was my undying love for Ty. In light of our boys being born prematurely and everything I was going through, I couldn't imagine him not being by my side, in fact I longed for his touch more than I ever had before.

I could tell he felt uncomfortable. He was rubbing my hand with his thumbs as he focused on telling me his side of how he'd cheated on me. I don't know why I wanted to hear it so badly. Either way, it was proof that it happened.

I started to tell him to stop even before he started. In order for us to get through this, I had to know the truth. I'd rather him tell me while my family was all here to help pick up the pieces of my broken heart when it shattered all over the floor.

"That night when I found out Heather wasn't going to help us because you sent her that text, I was so mad at you. I mean, she deserved everything you said, but it was my last hope at securing my position in Izzy's life."

I nodded. "I know."

"The last thing I wanted to do was go along with some plan to seduce her into helping me again. That was never my idea and if you remember, you made me do it. I hated the f**king plan from the get go. I mean, who in their right mind would have gone along with something so stupid? Oh right, I did." He shook his head and let out a frustrated sigh. "Anyway, the whole way there I was a wreck and you know I called you from outside, begging you again to change your mind."

"I know, Ty. So what changed? Did you know all along that something would happen if you went inside?" He didn't like my accusation. He scrunched up his face and cocked his brow.

"Is that what you think?"

I started to pull my hand away from his, but he tightened his grip. "I don't know. I guess the thought has crossed my mind."

He shook his head. "Well, you're wrong, Miranda. I can't stand even looking at that bitch. There's no way in Hell that I was afraid of what would happen, unless you include strangling her."

I don't know what came over me, but I snapped my head in his direction. "Then tell me how you go from feelin' that way about someone to shoving your face between her legs and doing something to her that I will never be able to forgive you for."

His eyes got real big and he just stared at me. Finally he sighed and looked down at his feet. Once more, I tried to pull my hand away, but he pulled it even tighter. "When I went inside, I sat right down on her couch. She took the bait at first and really thought you kicked me out, especially when you sent me the texts. I have to admit, even though I knew they were coming, I still couldn't handle reading your words. They were harsh."

The more Ty talked the more it made no sense how he ended up sleeping with her. From how he was explaining things, it seemed like she made him ill. "I'm not following, Ty. What changed?"

His thumb started rubbing my hand again. "I did my best trying to convince her that I was there because you and I were done. The more I tried the more she questioned me. She even asked me if I was trying to trick her into giving me the papers. Finally, she told me that.....," He sat down and scooted his chair over to my bedside. Our fingers intertwined together and he focused on my hands when he started to speak again. "She told me that I had to kiss her."

"We talked about that. I told you that if you had to do it to make her believe you, then you should."

He shook his head. "I know and I tried, but the moment her lips touched mine, I couldn't stop thinking about you. I didn't want to be there. I felt sick, so I ran out of the room. When I finally got myself together, she was having more doubts about my intentions. She offered to get me a drink to settle my nerves. Miranda, the last thing I remember is drinking that drink. I swear to God that I never wanted to touch that bitch."

This time when I pulled my hand away, he didn't try to stop me. "Then you tell me how I have pictures of you enjoying every inch of her."

"I don't know. All I can think is that she put something in my drink. She had to."

He has got to be crazy if he thinks I am going to let him talk his way out of this. I saw the pictures!

I held my hand up. "Stop! Please, I can't hear anymore. You do realize you are telling me that you never cheated on me. The pictures show you holding her legs while you're feasting out. Stop the bullshit lies. I'm not Van, who had no clue what you did behind her back. I know you Ty."

He looked at me like I was causing him real pain. "I'm telling you the truth, you can ask C......"

"I can ask who? Was there a third person in the room with you? Was it a threesome?" Maybe Heather got her slutty little friend to come over. She'd done it before.

"Hell no! Jesus Christ Miranda, do you think that low of me?"

"Do you really want me to answer that right this second?" He really didn't.

"I woke up naked in her bed and got the hell out of there. I didn't even bother putting on a f**king shirt, Miranda. I ran out of there as fast as I could."

I slammed my hand down on the bed. "Just stop talking, Ty. I can't hear anymore."

"I'm telling you the truth. Look at me. Does it look like I'm lying to you?" He did look sincere.

"Obviously, I don't know how to read you like I thought I did. You've been lying to me for months. What am I supposed to think? What exactly did you think would happen? That story makes you seem so innocent in all of this, yet I saw the pictures."

He reached for my arm and I pulled away. "I know it's hard to believe, but it's the truth. I will spend every single day trying to prove it to you. Our family means everything to me. Tell me you at least believe that."

I wanted to disagree with him, but it would have been a lie. I knew how much we did mean to him. In fact, I knew he would give his own life for me and the kids. It wasn't Ty's love that I doubted, it was his ability to be faithful to me. His story wasn't exactly what I expected him to say. How could he make up a story that made him seem completely innocent. I would have loved for that story to be true, more than anything in the world, I wanted it, but it was just too easy. He couldn't explain the pictures and they were what were permanently memorized in my head. "I know you love us, Ty. Your love for me is what makes all of this so hard, you know that. I don't understand how you could love me so much, but do the one thing you knew would rip us apart."

This time Ty got up from the chair and walked to the other side of the room. I'd seen him pace a million times, pondering on important decisions. Sometimes he would even bite his nails, but this time something was different. He'd obviously suffered the most emotional day of his life yesterday and to make matters worse, we weren't even sure where we stood as far as our relationship.

I knew I was going home with him. I would keep that promise to him and try to make things work, but trusting Ty was going to be a feat for me. It meant everything to me and now it was gone. How was I supposed to start over?

My recovery wasn't going to be as easy as when I had Bella. I knew I would need his help and that someone from our family would always be around. I didn't know if Ty had told Van about what was going on, and if he did, I didn't care. She was our best friend and I expected that, but I didn't want anyone else to know. Sure, she would tell Colt, but they would keep it between them. Our secrets always ended up involving the four of us, which in some ways made things easier to get through. We always had someone else to talk to.

He continued to pace around my little area without speaking to me. We were both mad at each other and I wasn't ready to make nice. I didn't want to lose him either.

"Ty?"

"What?"

"I need you here with me right now and I need you by my side when we're raisin' our children. I'm goin' to need you to fight alongside me when we go to court about Bella." My stomach and back were starting to ache and the pain was getting to be hard to talk through. "I'm so mad at you right now, I'm not goin' to lie about it, but I also know that I can't live without you. I know it's goin' to be hard for you, but I'm askin' you to give me time to heal. I'm askin' you to keep lovin' me even when I'm bein' horrible. I can't promise that when I'm feelin' better I'm not goin' to freak on you at random times. I know I pushed you to go there that night and I want to believe your story, Ty, because it would mean that you never cheated on me, but we both know I can't."

He still wouldn't turn to look at me. "I hate that you don't believe me."

"I'm sorry." I just couldn't.

"You're all I've ever wanted. I didn't know it at first, but once I had you, I knew it right away. I can't breathe without you, do you get that?" Ty still wouldn't turn around.

Hearing him say that actually took my breath away. I still had the tubes in my nose, but they were turned down enough where I had to take a deep breath. "Yes."

Finally, he turned around. His lips were pushed firmly together and he looked so hurt. "I was a shitty boyfriend, everyone knows that, but you were never just my girlfriend, I always saw you as my future. I've never been surer about anything except being Izzy's father. You can doubt my story all you want, but it's the f**king truth. You think you are the only one hurt here, but for the past two months I have been consumed with guilt. Every single time I looked at you, I saw what I knew I would eventually lose. Do you have any idea how hard it was for me to be happy, when I knew it was only a matter of time? As far as being there for you, well you never had to even ask that, because there is no way in hell I would ever let you go. Just so you know, before I heard about the accident, I had already made my mind up that if you moved back to Kentucky, I was moving there too. I can't live without you, Miranda."

He would follow me to Kentucky? He would leave his parents and his farm? It had to be for the kids.

"You'd do that for your kids?"

"No Miranda, I'd do it for you, for us and for our family. I'd follow you anywhere."

God, I wanted to believe him. I wanted to wrap my arms around him and never let go. He meant every word of what he was saying. I could feel it in every inch of my fragile body.

I reached for my husband and he just stood there far enough away that I couldn't touch him. "Ty, I know you're hurting too. I don't know what the future holds, but every part of me has to believe that God wouldn't have saved me if he didn't have plans for us. All I'm asking is for time."

Ty shook his head and sat back down in the chair. He traced over my wedding ring with his fingers. "I'm sorry, but all I can offer you is forever."

I looked up when I got the sarcastic answer and he winked at me. "Forever is a good start."

"I know you aren't ready to forgive me, but I think we should seal this agreement with a kiss."

I rolled my eyes. "Don't push your luck."

I wasn't ready to forget about any of it, in fact, I didn't know if I was ever going to be able to, but as much as I was upset for myself, I hated to see him suffering too. Maybe it was wrong for me to give him some kind of false hope when I wasn't sure myself, but I did it anyway.

It was a good thing that the doctor came in to check on me, because I wasn't really certain what else I wanted to say to my husband. The meds were making me mellow, but I knew once I stopped taking them that it was only going to be a matter of time before I went all psychotic on Ty. He was strong and would take anything I threw at him. Not just because he was trying to make it up to me, but because he somehow got off on me being mad at him.

Thinking about him being turned on made me think of him being with Heather, which in turn brought my focus back to the doctor, who had been trying to get an answer out of me the whole time.

"I'm sorry, what did you say?"

"On a scale of one to ten, how is your pain right now?" He had sat down in a chair on the other side from where Ty sat and was looking down at my chart.

"I guess it's about a six. I itch more than anything."

He stood up and removed the blanket to check on my stomach. I felt a cold chill as the air in the room hit my body. My robe was being pushed up to my chest so that he could examine my stomach. I closed my eyes as I felt him lightly touching where my staples were. It was instantly warm again as he covered me back up and wrote something down on my chart. "Okay, as of right now, we are going to monitor you for another six to eight hours. If your condition continues to improve, we can get you moved to a regular room as early as tomorrow morning."

"Thank you."

"Of course you will still need to be hooked to your IV's. One is giving you fluids and the other is giving you blood. We are hoping your levels will be good enough tomorrow to stop with the blood. You're making great progress, but you will need to be on antibiotics for at least ten to fourteen days to fight off any kind of infection. Do you have any other questions for me?"

Ty cleared his throat. "Actually, I have one."

The doctor kept looking down writing in my chart. "Ask away."

"My wife hasn't seen our newborn twins. I'm sure you can imagine how hard it is for her knowing they are so close and she can't get to them. Is there any way possible that we can let her see them? I know it's probably against every regulation, but they are the only babies in the NICU and I think if she could see them it would help speed up her recovery on account of her wanting to get better to be with them."

The doctor smiled and started shaking his head in disbelief at Ty's long excuse as to why I should be able to see my babies. "Let me see what I can do."

Ty stuck his hand across my bed and shook the doctor's hand. "We'd appreciate that. I mean, I'd hate to have to smuggle them in here under my clothes."

The doctor froze and just looked at Ty like he was crazy. Maybe he actually thought Ty was serious. At any rate, he walked away shaking his head again.

"I think he believed me." Ty started laughing as a new nurse approached my bed.

She smiled and handed me a cup full of pills. "You need to take these for the pain. They will probably make you tired."

I took the pills and handed her back the little cup. "Thanks."

"If you need anything just hit your button." She pointed to the red button attached to my bed.

Ty leaned over and grabbed the button. "Push it now."

I slapped his hand. "Why would I do that?"

"Just for something fun to do. I can't believe there is no television in this room. What are we supposed to do?"

"You'd rather watch that than talk to me?"

Without asking, he leaned over and kissed me on the mouth. "I didn't say that. I also didn't want to push my luck. Yesterday I thought I lost you forever, for more reasons than one, I think we have had enough of the serious talk for one night, plus you don't believe anything I say anyway."

"I'm going to fall asleep soon."

He gave me a half smile but looked disappointed. "I know you need your rest, but I like it when you're awake."

"Help me scoot over."

"Why, are you in pain?" He seemed concerned.

"No, I want you to lay with me. I just want to be close to you, like we're at home and none of this is happening."

Slowly, I began using my hands to shift my body to the side, but Ty went over to that side and pulled the sheet so I slid without having to move my body. "Thank you, Miranda, even if we're pretending."

"For what, pretending what?"

"For loving me even when you should hate me."

"I will always love you, Ty. I couldn't stop if I wanted to."

He climbed in slowly next to me, being super gentle around my body. "Do you want to stop?"

"Loving you? Well, when I saw those pictures and heard what that bitch was saying about you, yes, I really did, but the further I drove away from you and as soon as I got into the accident, you were the only person I wanted by my side."

He intertwined our fingers together and kissed my cheek. "Don't ever stop. Please don't ever leave me."

Ty being there with me kept my mind off of not being able to see my boys. I knew the family was with them and I appreciate it, but I wanted to be in there. It wasn't fair that they held my boys before me.

So, not only was I dealing with my husband and his alleged affair, but I was missing out on the first day of my sons lives and I had sixty staples going across my stomach. Thanks to the medication, I wasn't in any pain physically, but I ached for my babies and everything else that was breaking my heart.

I had Ty, for as long as I wanted him around. A part of me wanted him to suffer for hurting me, but I also couldn't imagine hurting him the way I hurt. I wanted to doubt his love, instead I found myself wanting to believe him. Aside from this one time, he'd never given me one instance of doubt in our entire relationship.

I was so confused.

Chapter 25

Ty

I should have known that telling my side of the story was just going to upset Miranda. I mean, who would have believed that story? I couldn't imagine what was going through her head, or how she had enough love for me to want to stay together. I knew that most of the reason was for our children, even though she claimed to still love me.

I had to put my feelings aside and worry about my family. Miranda's condition was improving, but until she was out of the hospital, I was going to worry. The twins were so little and I guess some people would have been afraid to hold them, but I knew in my heart that we could take care of them and they were strong.

My mother was home every day and she was all ready to babysit whenever Miranda decided to go back to work. I wished she would just stay home, but she liked to get out a few days a week. I enjoyed being able to see her at lunch time on those days so there were positives to her working.

With my wife's hand laced into mine, I rested my head against hers and let myself rest. Even after the accident and more than a day without a shower, her hair still smelled familiar. Our marriage wasn't on the best of terms, but in that moment, I felt like it was.

I woke up to my phone vibrating and a very angry nurse looking down at me. I slipped out of bed and stood in front of her.

"Your wife is in no condition to be sharing her space. You could have hurt her worse."

I stuck my finger in her face. "My wife wanted me to lay with her and after thinking she was dead, I needed to be close to her too. I wouldn't do anything to harm her."

She shook her head and put her hands on her hips. "Please put your finger down, Sir. We are breaking the rules letting you stay in here longer than normal visiting hours already, so I appreciate you following at least some of the rules. I came here to check Mrs. Mitchell's vitals so that we could take her to see her sons."

I put my hands in my pockets and shut the hell up real fast. Miranda turned her head to face us and I could see that she was smiling. I smiled back at her, feeling my heart race when I thought about her seeing our boys for the first time.

The nurse did what she needed to do and wrote everything down in the chart before releasing the wheels on Miranda's bed. A male nurse came over and started situating both the bag of blood and fluids so that they could roll beside the bed as they moved her. "Am I going right now?" Miranda pulled her free hand up to mess with her hair. It was silly that she was worried about what she looked like.

"We're moving you to a private room and then the babies will be brought in there with you."

I grabbed Miranda's hand and squeezed it. Her smile filled the room and I was ecstatic for her. "You ready to meet the cutest boys on the planet?"

"Yes."

"Baby, wait til you see what my awesome sperm created."

Miranda started laughing at my wise crack, but I caught the nurses rolling their eyes. I hated people with no sense of humor. Maybe they were just pissed cause my sperm was so awesome. I didn't really give a shit about their opinion anyway.

"You know, I helped create them too," Miranda added.

I leaned down and stole a kiss, before she could turn away. "I remember every single moment of that process."

We had to walk really slow since each of us had some kind of object in our hands that was attached somehow to Miranda's bed or body. By the time we got to the maternity ward, I saw my mom, Conner and his mom standing in the hallway talking to Van and Colt. I lifted my head, since my hands were too full to wave. A cocked eyebrow could be seen from Miranda's mother. She knew something was going on between us. I was so glad Miranda hadn't told her the truth.

It wasn't like I'd gone out and purposely cheated on my wife. Even if she refused to believe me, I never would have done that.

Everyone had to stand outside of the room until we got Miranda situated and then they insisted that she try to eat something before she was overwhelmed with visitors. Once they did come in, the room filled with voices and Miranda seemed to be happy to see everyone. I caught her looking at me a couple of times and I knew it was because she wanted to meet our sons without the commotion of everyone around us.

I knew her mother would be pissed at me, but I cleared my throat loudly so everyone would give me their attention. "Sorry to interrupt, but Miranda has something that she needs to do and it would mean a lot to both of us if you let her have her first minutes with our sons alone." I saw my mother in law opening her mouth and even my mom looked upset. "Look, you can all come in after a few minutes, but you've all had time with them already and she hasn't."

Everyone cleared out of the room without much said. I was glad, because I didn't feel like getting rude with our family. Once everyone walked out into the hallway, Miranda hit her red button and told the nurse she was ready.

When they rolled each of the little plastic beds into our room, Miranda started to cry. She held her hands over her face as I stood by her side. The nurses wheeled them in on either side of her bed and lifted Jake to her first. They were still hooked to a couple tubes, but the nurses had wrapped them up good enough that you couldn't notice. I got my phone out right away and took a picture of her holding him. She looked terrible and would kill me later for saving the photo, but I loved how happy she was.

I grabbed little Jax and sat on the edge of the bed with her. "Hey guys, this is your mommy. She's been waiting so long to see you."

Miranda looked up at me with her soaked face. "Ty, they're so perfect."

I leaned down and kissed her head. "We did good didn't we?"

She opened Jake's little blanket and looked at his fragile body. "I can't get over how much they look like you."

That made my lifetime. I loved my sons, even if they looked nothing like me, but to hear her say that was just unexplainable. "I told you I had super sperm." I leaned down and sat Jax next to his brother, between Miranda's legs. I could tell from the way she was sitting that it wasn't the most comfortable position for her. "You okay? You want to adjust?"

She shook her head and stared at the boys. "I'm fine. I just want to be close to them. I wanted to see them so much, Ty. I can't believe they are both okay. I thought they didn't make it. It was horrible."

I crouched down beside her bed and rubbed her cheek with the back of my hand. "I felt the same way when I thought I lost you."

She really started to cry as she looked down again at our twins. "I just want to be a family, Ty. I want to go home and be happy."

Before I could answer someone knocked on the door. I was ready to get pissed until my dad came in holding Izzy's hand. "Somebody wants to see her mommy."

Miranda looked toward the door and saw our very frightened little girl slowly approaching. My dad waved and walked out to give us some alone time. "Bella."

"Hi, Mommy."

"Iz, come on over here with Daddy so you can be close to the boys and Mommy." She came running over to where I sat and I pulled our chair close to the bed. I let her stand on my lap so she could lean over and kiss her mother. Miranda started crying worse. "Baby, everything's going to be okay, I promise."

She shook her head and looked down at the babies. "What do you think of your brothers?"

Izzy reached out and touched Jax on the cheek. "They're real little, but Daddy says that they will grow fast. Mimi says that I can help her change their diapers and she says they look like Daddy when he was a baby, but Grandma says that they look like Mommy too."

Miranda giggled. "Well, who do you think they look like?"

Izzy leaned over and looked at her brothers. She shrugged, "They just look like babies to me."

I started laughing. "Yeah, they do."

Our quiet time was cut way too short when the family began taking turns peeking through the door. I turned to Miranda and she shook her head. "You know they are just going to keep doing it."

I reluctantly waved for them to come into the room. "Here comes the party."

Party was an understatement. The room filled with so many 'ooohs' and 'ahhhs', that I instantly got a headache. Since the boys were still hooked up to a tiny machine, they couldn't just be passed around. Cameras flashed from every direction and after at least thirty minutes of chaos, I walked out of the room to get some air. Conner followed behind me.

"You doin' alright, Bro?"

I ran my hands over my face. "I don't know my ass from my face right now. I mean, I know she isn't leaving me, but she's never going to be able to look past it. I told her everything."

He looked shocked. "Really? How did she take it?"

"Due to the fact that she is hooked up to all kinds of shit, I still have my balls. She thought I was lying to make her forgive me. She said my story was too easy."

Conner chuckled as he leaned against the wall. "Well, it does make things seem a lot less scandalous. Listen, I meant what I said about helpin' you. I have a plan, but it's goin' to take some time to work out. You need to get her home and keep her content until I can get you the proof you need."

"How the hell are you going to do that? You going to sleep with the devil?"

Conner put his head down and said nothing. I stood in front of him. "Dude, you don't want to do that. She's a crazy whore who will become obsessed with you. I know it will take a while, but I will get Miranda to forgive me. You don't have to throw yourself in front of the bus for me. I can't believe you'd do that in the first place."

He looked up at me and seemed genuinely mad. "Listen, you need to understand that Miranda is my sister and it is my job to protect her. I stood over our Daddy's grave and promised him that I would take care of her. What I'm doin' ain't a big deal. It's just pu**y. I'm not attached to anyone and if a few nights with a good lookin' blonde saves my sisters marriage than it's a risk I'm willin' to take."

"So, are you just going to knock on her door and get it on? I have to admit that even Heather isn't that desperate."

Conner laughed. "Ty, don't doubt my ability to get pu**y. I've never had a problem in that department and you know it. Anyway, I know people and they know Heather. In fact, last night once I knew Miranda was okay, I went out and purposely ran into her. She thinks I just moved into town and I need someone to show me around. It won't take long to have her eating out of my hand."

"Or sucking your dick."

"Maybe."

We both started laughing. "I admire your determination. I mean, it takes a shallow prick to take one for the team like you're doing. She's an awful bitch, Dude."

"Call me whatever you want now, but when I save your marriage your ass owes me big. I can deal with the girl, it ain't nothin' I haven't dealt with before." Conner cocked his eyebrow and let out an air filled sigh.

"So are you just going to ask her for the truth while you have her bent over?" I hated that I was picturing it in my head. Not in an erotic way of course, but it was still disturbing either way.

"Fuck you, Ty. I ain't an idiot. If you must know, I planned on showing her a good time and gettin' in her good graces so that she tells me about her past lovers. Like I said, it's goin' to take me a while to get it all worked out."

I held my hands up in the air. "I don't care what you do. Just let me know when you find out anything we can use against her. I want to nail that bitch to the wall."

"Will do, Brother." He shook my hand before I walked back into the hospital room.

Colt and Van left that night, on account of them needing to get back to the kids, while Karen, my mother in law, along with Conner and my parents stayed for two more days. Harvey couldn't run all the new duties at the farm so Conner and my dad left the following day. With just our mothers lingering around, we didn't have much alone time, but they did help with Izzy.

After the fourth day, Miranda was able to finally start breastfeeding. Her poor tits burned and were engorged with milk. In fact, the first time she tried to feed Jake the milk filled his mouth faster than he could swallow it and he started to choke. The nurses came right in and made her pump both sides a couple of times to relieve some of the built up pressure.

I couldn't help but watch when she'd whip out her giant melons in front of me. "If they weren't my boys, I would be so jealous right now."

"Ty, don't turn somethin' natural into somethin' perverted," Miranda growled. Every day she was getting stronger, as were our boys.

"Sorry, it's just that they are mine and I don't like sharing, especially when they are so gigantic and make my mouth water."

"Until you taste the milk. Do I need to remind you about the last time you tried it?"

I had Jake in my arms, but I leaned down and put my lips against her ear anyway. "I bet yours tastes better than the milk that's left in the bowl of my sugar smacks." Okay, maybe comparing breast milk to cereal milk was wrong, but I couldn't help be curious.

"Don't do that, Ty."

"Do what?" I was being myself.

"Don't pretend like nothing happened. I'm not ready to joke around like that, Ty. Can't you just be happy being with me for right now?"

I pulled away from her and looked into her eyes. "Anything you want, Baby." It hurt me so much.

She must have sensed it, because she reached over and touched my arm. "Ty, I do love you, no matter what."

"I know, otherwise you wouldn't be coming home with me; coming home to the house I built out of love for you and for our children. Everything I've done is for our family, even the things you don't want to think about."

I laid my son back down in his portable bed and walked out of the room. The more days that went by the more it killed me that she didn't want me to touch her. I think sometimes I would have rather been in another state than right beside her and not show her how much I wanted her.

I felt rejected and I supposed in some ways she felt the same way. How was I supposed to fix it? I didn't know where to begin, because the truth was, I didn't even know if I had slept with Heather. My future was completely in Conner's hands and I had to believe that somehow things would work themselves out. There was no way that I could live without my family. There had to be a way to make everything go back to the way it used to be.

Miranda ended up being released from the hospital after nine days, unfortunately, the boys had to stay for another four. To make Miranda comfortable since she was breastfeeding, they set us up in one of their new family friendly rooms, but it was less than comfortable. The couch was rock hard and the chair wasn't much better. I had to help Miranda in the shower three times and all of them were torturous. Even after having twins, she was still so beautiful to me. Her giant belly had shrunk down so much already, I assumed most was because she had been so ill. Even her clothes that she had packed were too big and her mother had to go out and get her new clothes to wear before she went home.

I was so glad to see her go. Don't get me wrong, she'd been considered my aunt my whole life, but since she became my mother in law, she was very overprotective of her daughter, sometimes making me the enemy.

I was both happy and excited to go home. Miranda still had to have her staples removed, but everything else seemed to be healing. Once she was moved into her own room, she had made a miraculous recovery. I think it was the boys that pushed her, but she claimed she just wanted to go home.

My mother stayed with us until we were released so she and Izzy drove home in my Jeep, while Miranda and I drove a rental car. Miranda's car was totaled, but we were able to salvage everything she had packed up when she was leaving me. It was good that we didn't have to go out and buy all of the baby stuff again. At any rate, the rental car was filled with all of our shit and a slew of flowers that had been sent to the hospital.

Instead of being an hour and a half to two hours away from home, it took us four. The boys did not like being in car seats. Poor Miranda was uncomfortable and we had to keep stopping to get them calmed down. By the time we pulled into the farm, she was ready to go to bed, unfortunately, the family had planned a welcome home surprise.

Once I got out both of the car seats, and helped Miranda out of the car, we slowly made our way to the house. When everyone screamed the word 'surprise', I thought my wife was going to pass out.

I think everyone, including her mother, Colt's mother and Van and Colt, saw how exhausted she looked. I looked around the room at our family and even some friends and grabbed my wife by the hand. "Come on, let's get you in bed."

I got her changed and into bed without her saying very much to me. Once I got her tucked in, she reached for my hand. "Tell everyone, I'm sorry. I'm just so tired."

"I know, Baby. Don't worry about it. Just try to get some rest." I leaned down and kissed her on the head. "I love you."

She smiled as I pulled away. "I love you, too."

By the time I got out of my room, the boys were being passed around like hot potatoes. I felt myself becoming overprotective immediately. Colt handed me a beer and patted me on the back. "You need to relax. They're home and they're safe."

I sat on the edge of my couch and took a deep breath. "You're right."

Van leaned on the other side of me. "Everything's going to be okay."

"I hope so."

I couldn't help but notice Conner standing in the corner of the room. He was holding one of the boys and talking to Amy. He threw me a nod before giving her all of his attention. I could tell right away that they weren't just friends. It was a good thing Miranda had gone to bed.

Chapter 26

Miranda

After spending so much time in the hospital, I couldn't wait to get home. It was nice of my family to want to do something for us, but after the long ride and having to stop to breast feed the boys, I was exhausted.

Even with all the people in the house, it felt good to be home, in my bed. Ty had been so great to me since everything happened and I found myself depending on him even more with the boys. His boss had been great about him taking off, not that Ty even needed that job anymore. With the farm picking up cattle and the chicken houses doing well, we were really making a good living. I knew Ty was thinking about quitting, but he didn't have the heart to leave his boss high and dry without a mechanic.

My welcome party went on without me and when I finally woke up to feed the boys, only Colt, Van and the kids were still at our house. Christian was starting to pull herself up on things and Van was on the floor behind her making sure she didn't fall back and hurt herself. I loved that the kids were going to be close enough in age to play together like Noah and Bella. When I didn't see them or Ty and the boys, I walked toward the back of the house to look for them.

Bella and Noah were playing with one of her pop up tents. He was the farmer dad and she was cooking him his dinner. His plate was full of plastic fries, plastic peas and an actual plastic can of tuna. He pretended to eat the little food, while she did the dishes. When they saw me laughing in the doorway they got mad and chased me out of the room. I couldn't run, so just turning around was good enough for them to leave me be.

Ty was in the nursery with the boys. A little music player was turned up to block out the sound from the other rooms and he didn't hear me come into the doorway. He had both of them on his lap and was rocking them in the chair. He held them like footballs on both arms.

I was going to go in and join him until I heard him start talking. He was looking down at each of them not paying any attention to who might be standing in the doorway. "You two really gave Mommy a hard time coming into this world. I hope that means you're going to be tough, cause life isn't always how we'd like it to be. Now, I can promise you that I will always be there for you for anything. You and your sister make every single day worth living. I love you guys so much."

For the past week we had been putting a blue hat on Jax and a red one on Jake. Jax was sound asleep, but Jake was wide eyed, looking around while Ty kept talking. "You know, daddy wasn't always the best guy. I didn't always think with the right head, if you know what I mean." He paused for a second and laughed at himself. "I guess you don't know yet. One day I will teach you not to make the same mistakes that I made. Never think with your dick and always tell the truth. That is how you should always live your life."

I put my hand over my mouth and tried to hold in my laughter. Ty was being serious and I was laughing at him, but the next thing he said stopped my laughter immediately.

"The hardest part is that she didn't believe me. I told her the truth and she believed someone else instead. I'm never going to give up on her, but it's so hard knowing she doubts me."

I ducked away from the door and kept my hand over my mouth.

I could hear Ty sniffling as he continued to talk. "Daddy is trying so hard and if it wasn't for you two, I think she would have left me by now. Knowing that hurts me so much. I promise I will keep trying. I won't give up until I have her back completely. I promise."

As the tears fell down my face, I ran into my bedroom. I was suddenly so confused. Did he know I was standing there? If he didn't know then why would he be talking like that? Why would he say that he was telling the truth?

Oh God, what if he was telling the truth?

Even if I believed him, there were still the pictures, which meant if she did drug him, they still could have done all those things. It should have made me feel better because Ty really didn't want to be with her, but it felt the same to me.

Seeing my husband eating another woman out was not something I would want any wife to see.

Van came in the room a little later with Christian. Noah had been calling her Chrissy and it seemed to be catching on. She was so cute with her one big dimple and her mouth full of teeth. I remember when Bella was that size and she was also so much fun to be around.

"You okay in here?"

I pulled my knees up to my chest as far as I could get them without being uncomfortable. "Yeah, I'm just really tired."

"I saw you in the hallway earlier. You were crying and I didn't want to interfere. I thought maybe you and Ty were fighting, but he said you were still sleeping."

"Van, can I ask you something and get your honest opinion?"

She held onto her daughter's hands as she tried to stand on my bed. "Of course."

"Do you think Ty would cheat on me?"

"If you're talking about the Heather thing you should know he told me. The answer is no. He hates Heather. There is no way he would do that. Besides, he is obsessed with you. He called me crying the night of your accident. I just knew he was telling me the truth."

"You didn't see the pictures. I know it happened."

Van shook her head but paid close attention to her daughter. "I didn't see the pictures."

I don't know what came over me, but I became so defensive that I went out into the living room and started searching for the pictures. I knew that Ty had been with me since the day I left him, so they had to still be somewhere in the house. Then it hit me. If Ty hadn't put away the pictures, then my brother was the one to find them and put them away.

Van must have seen the look on my face. "What?"

"I think Conner knows what Ty did."

Van started laughing. "Do you really think if your brother saw those pictures Ty would still be able to stand?"

"Hell no. Ty had to put them up."

"Put what up?" I turned around to see my husband standing in the doorway with Jake. "Someone is hungry for a big melon."

Van coughed when she heard what he said.

He brought the baby over to me and I got myself ready to feed him. As I was pulling my shirt down he asked again. "So, what did I put up?"

I felt bad even bringing it up, especially after what I had just heard. "It's nothin'."

He put his hands on his hips and waited for me to answer.

Van didn't give me a chance. "I want to see the pictures."

"Of the boys?" Obviously he was oblivious to what we were talking about.

"No, the other pictures."

Ty frowned and looked over at me. "Oh, those."

"Ty, I didn't want to make you upset." Van waited for him to answer.

"No, it's fine, I just really didn't want to ever look at them again. They're buried in the woodstove. I'll be right back."

Van lifted up Christian and followed behind him. "Ty wait, I'll just go with you and we can burn them together.

I focused down on little Jake who was chowing down, when I noticed Ty walking back in the room. He stood there looking at me just clenching his jaw. "Only you, Miranda."

I felt like my heart skipped a beat when he said it. Just like that, he was gone.

Getting up was still a problem for me, so I actually had to call Colt into the bedroom to help me. By the time I laid Jake down, Jax was up and hungry. At this rate I wasn't ever going to get any sleep. This time I sat down on the couch next to my cousin. He turned his head away as I got adjusted to feed Jax. I covered all the skin up so Colt wouldn't freak out and let him know it was okay to turn his head back.

"How you doin', Darlin?"

"It's safe to say I've been better. Don't get me wrong, I'm glad we're all home safe, but it has been really hard."

Noah and Bella came running in the room. "Dad, can you get us some foil?"

"For what?"

"We want to be super heroes."

I started to giggle, but realized I was shaking poor little Jax's head.

Colt let out a cackle. "What on earth is the foil for?"

"For our belts, you silly head." Noah and Bella began giggling.

"Noah, what did I say about the name callin'?" Colt tightened his lips and widened his eyes.

"But you said I couldn't say poop head."

"I don't want you sayin' anything that ends in head, got it?"

"But heads not even a bad word."

Colt stood up and went after Noah. "Boy, don't make me tell you again."

Colt no sooner sat down when Bella came walking up to him. "Hey Bells, what's up?"

"Noah wants to know if we can have the foil now." She was rocking back and forth like she wasn't doing anything wrong.

I couldn't help but ask. "So, what kind of superheroes are you goin' to be? Do you have names?"

"Well, I wanted to be pet girl, but Noah says dogs already have their own, so now I want to be invisible girl."

Colt and I started laughing. "Bells, what exactly would invisible girl do, besides being invisible?"

She looked at her uncle like he should have already known the answer. She put her hands on her hips and got up closer to him. "I can go into any room without people knowing."

Obviously, she didn't realize that was what being invisible did and the fact that we were still laughing made her angry. Colt noticed that he had made her angry so he pretended like it was the coolest thing. "I wish I could do that to spy on Noah when he's being bad."

"I want to spy on Mommy and Daddy and make sure they aren't sad." She tried to whisper so I couldn't hear her, but obviously little kids had voices that carried.

"What is Noah bein'?" I changed her focus.

"He wants to be Ant Man, because he says he would be able to crawl in small places and just one cookie would feed him forever."

Noah came in the room wearing all brown clothes. It wasn't just that the clothes were brown, they were all Bella's and they were way too small. "I'm Ant Man." He ran around the couch until he was in front of us.

Colt looked at me as I looked at him. "The foil is in the top cabinet above the sink. Just let them have it."

As soon as he handed it to them, they ran back into Bella's room. Colt reached his hand out to take Jax from me, who was now sound asleep. I managed to cover up my exposed breast right before he lifted Jax away from it. "Thanks."

"Welcome, Darlin'," he whispered as he walked Jax back to his room.

When he came back out he looked outside first. I knew he was looking for Ty and Van. At first I thought it was because he thought they were doing something wrong, but then as he sat down beside me, I realized it was so that he knew he had time to talk to me alone.

"You know, I was the last person to think that Ty could change his ways. As soon as that kid started puberty, all he wanted to do was have sex. It's all he talked about. But Miranda, something changed in him once you were on his radar. He'd lied before, so I was skeptical, even with his promises that his feelin's for you were different. I was wrong to doubt him, and I think you are too. That man loves you and those kids. I know about the pictures, but Savanna and I have talked about this so many times in the last week and neither of us thinks he would intentionally do that, especially with that tramp."

If one more person brings this up today I think I am going to scream.

"Even if I believed him, it still doesn't change the fact that it did happen, whether he was drugged or not, he did those things. Look, before I even heard his side of the story I had decided not to leave him. I'm not going anywhere, but I can't say that I'm ready to just forget about it. I just can't do that. It hurts too much to just be able to let it go."

Colt put his hand on my shoulder and leaned over to kiss me on the head. "Life's too short."

He was right and I knew it, but I think I had the right to take my time. I didn't feel like I was being rude to Ty. I just wanted my space.

Colt got up and walked back toward Bella's room, which left me sitting by myself. I wondered where my brother had gone again. He seemed to always go out somewhere, yet I still hadn't met one of his friends. I hated when he was secretive, but he wasn't drinking or using drugs. I just didn't get it.

I knew that he and Ty had their moments, but I loved him living on the farm with us. I think it was easier for him to move because of me too. He hated that I moved away in the first place. Our mother was so far up her boyfriend's ass that she kept herself busy. After raising us and never getting involved with anyone while we were younger, it was good for her to be living life to the fullest. I was really hoping that one day he would just pop the question and they could start a long life together.

Then I felt sad for my aunt. She'd lost her husband so early in life. They'd been so close and then one day he was just gone. It was so tragic. My mother was her rock, so her new relationship left her alone. At least she had Lucy, who we all knew would never leave. Both of those women would grow old in that house.

I looked around my living room and was taken aback by how perfect it was. Pictures of our family covered the walls. The whole house was full of happy memories for us and I knew it was where I wanted to grow old with Ty. I'd always said I could never forgive him if he cheated, but I was starting to realize that my marriage was more important than one mistake. If the roles were reversed, Ty would have been devastated, but he would forgive me, because living without me was harder than living with my mistake.

I would forgive him and one day it wouldn't hurt so much, I just wanted the time to heal in my own way. Since Colt was with the kids, I grabbed the baby monitor and ventured outside. Heather's visit may have damaged my marriage, but she also brought something to save my family. That day I walked out, I had taken the paternity papers she gave me with me. When the car was totaled, the salvage company boxed up everything in the car and Colt picked it up and brought it to the hospital.

I hadn't thought much about them, until I realized they may have gotten lost. They were rolled up and wedged between the seat. It was possible they were overlooked. I walked to the shed, making sure nobody saw me outside, and started flipping through the box. After pulling out two of Bella's coats, two separate shoes and a checkbook, I spotted the rolled up piece of paper.

Conner's voice scared the crap out of me. "What are you doin'?"

I shoved the papers into the waist of my pants and turned around to face him. "I was lookin' for my checkbook. I wanted to make sure those guys didn't take it. That stuff happens you know." I pushed him out of the way and started walking back to the house. "Where did you go?"

He caught up to me and opened the door for me. "I was around. Were you lookin' for me?"

"Not really. You just keep disappearing. I'm starting to wonder if you have something to hide."

He shook his head and looked upset. "I'm not doin' what you're thinkin'."

I grabbed him by the arm and made him look at me. "I didn't mean that. I meant that it seems like you're bein' sneaky. You're probably seeing some married chick or stripping for fast cash."

I was totally joking, but when my brother smiled and started to walk away, I darted in front of him. Well, as fast as my sore body would let me. He just kept smiling. "It's not as bad as you're thinkin'."

"What are you doin' Conner?"

He put his hands on my shoulders and looked me right in the eye. "It's nothin' for you to worry about, I swear."

"You're not very convincing."

"Don't worry your pretty little self over it. You just focus on your family."

He was up to something and I was going to get to the bottom of it. I hated secrets and I felt like everyone had them. My brother knew how to be sneaky and it didn't help that he was very cocky. Thinking you are God's greatest gift to women was bad enough. He wasn't going to tell me, so all I could do was hope that it wasn't something dangerous. He was my brother and I wanted him to always be safe.

Chapter 27

Ty

I was so sick of reliving the same day over and over. I had myself to blame, but I was f**king sick of it all. Every single day I was forced to explain myself. We no sooner got home and I was being asked about something that I just wanted to forget.

When Van and Miranda asked about those pictures, they may as well have hit me with a hammer. Van was being curious, but her talking about it, left it fresh in Miranda's head again. I felt like I took one step forward and six steps back with making amends.

When I found out about Miranda, I left the pictures on the table. Conner took it upon himself to gather them up and put them in the woodstove. He didn't tell me til we were getting ready to leave the hospital and I remembered where I'd left them.

He should have just burned them there and then, but instead he left them there for me to do.

Van followed me into the barn and I went rummaging into the stove looking for them. "Don't you know where they are in there?"

"No, look don't tell Miranda, but Conner put them in here."

"What? You mean he knows?" She looked shocked.

"He's who I called that night. He knew the plan the whole time and was kind of in on it with me. He's the one who suggested I was drugged."

She sighed. "Since he hasn't beaten the shit out of you I should have guessed that. Wow, I never would think he'd want you doing anything like that."

"Everyone is forgetting that this was always about Izzy. Conner knew it was the only way to secure her as my daughter and keep her away from that piece of shit old lady."

"I didn't forget."

I found the pictures and handed them to her. I watched her reactions as she looked at each one of them. I was about to grab them out of her hand when she started going through them a third time, but she held one up in front of my face. "Look at this picture, Ty. Look in the background at the mirror."

I took the picture and tried not to look at a naked Heather on top of me. In the mirror I could see someone standing there holding the camera. "Holy shit; there was someone else in the room. This person could prove I was drugged."

"Or that everything was staged. You don't even know you really had sex."

She was right and I wanted to believe that even in an incoherent state, I would never do that to my wife. I needed to find this person, but the picture was too small to tell who it could have been. All I knew was that she had blonde hair. It was little to go on, since Heather's friends all had blonde hair. Even if I did figure out who it was, none of them would be willing to screw her over.

"This might help Miranda believe me, but I doubt we can prove anything else with it. I should have just had a drug test. I just honestly wanted to bury it, Van. I didn't want to ever talk about it again. I should have known Heather wouldn't stop until I was miserable."

"Stop feeling sorry for yourself and prove Miranda wrong. She's crazy in love with you. What happened to the Ty who was sexy enough to get whatever he wanted? Maybe instead of dwelling on the negative, you should just try to make her want you again."

I held my hand up in front of her face. "I know I joke around about sex to you, mostly because it drives you crazy, but I'm kinda weirded out right now."

She started laughing. "You're kidding right?"

"Not at all."

She pushed me away from her. "You were my first. It's not a secret. I'm sure you and Miranda have done more than I could ever even imagine, but one thing I know for a fact is that when you love, you do it with your whole heart. I'm not saying to attack your wife sexually, but maybe if you could show her that being with her sexually isn't just about the sex, it's about the connection you share together. There isn't any other person that either of you will feel that with. Look, I'm not saying sex is the solution, but maybe you should stop crying about it and try another approach."

"I refuse to take sexual advice from you." I was being sarcastic, but she still rolled her eyes anyway.

"You and Miranda were good friends, but your relationship is also very physical. Right now half of your relationship is missing and you're both paying the toll. I know she isn't supposed to have intercourse yet, but her holding out on you isn't just punishing you, I'm sure it's punishing her as well. You know I'm right."

I walked over to the pool table and tossed the balls around. "Maybe, but it doesn't change the fact that she doesn't want me touching her like that. I'm just a constant reminder of the person she never wanted to be with."

"Do you remember when Colt's dad died and he pushed me away?"

I rolled my eyes and leaned over the table to face her. "Of course I remember. If you've forgotten it was when you dumped me for my cousin."

She tossed a ball my way. "Whatever, you deserved it."

"It all led me to Miranda, so I'm not complaining."

"Anyway, what I wanted to say was that Colt pushed me away and I honestly thought he didn't want anything to do with me. He sat in our kitchen and told you he didn't care if I went home. It hurt me so much and I felt like he didn't love me the way I loved him. I'm not saying your situation is the same. We both know how much Miranda loves you, but what I am saying is that I think you're wrong. I think she does want you to touch her. The only way to get past it without proving her wrong is to show her how she is the only one you want to be with. Don't tell her Ty, show her."

I looked down at the pool table again. If Van was right and I could touch my wife without her cringing, I wanted to know. I hated that she didn't want me that way anymore. "What if she rejects me? I mean, it isn't like I haven't tried to be physical."

She shook her head and started walking toward me. I had no idea what the hell she was doing, so I started backing up. "Whoa! What are you doing?"

She shoved me against the wall and stood so close to me I could feel her breathing. My eyes got big and I was freaking out. Van never made me feel uncomfortable, but at that very moment, I believed she was going to kiss me. "Stop being afraid of your wife, you stupid ass**le."

Before I could sigh in relief, she smacked me hard on the chest. "Ouch! What was that for?"

"For thinking I was actually going to kiss you. Are you insane?"

She started walking away so I walked up and smacked her hard across her ass. "I thought maybe you missed how good I was at it."

"Um, yeah, not after kissing Colt. Do you know that sometimes he can kiss me and I have to change my underwear."

I put my hands over my ears. "Shut up!"

She walked backwards toward the house, while she continued laughing at me. "Want to know something else?"

"If it has to do with you and sex, I'd rather not."

"Miranda loves it when you talk to her dirty. One time she couldn't shut up about it. You need to tease her Ty. I'm telling you, you and Miranda are both too sexual to cut each other off and be okay. When I lost my first baby, Colt and I didn't touch for over a month. When we finally did, it was so hot."

I threw my hands up in the air. "No more details. If I promise I will make an attempt with your idea will you stop talking about it? I hate picturing you naked."

She stopped walking and cocked her head. "Please tell me you're kidding."

I loved how worried she looked. "Don't flatter yourself. Have you seen my wife's tits lately? They're f**king huge. All I can think about is having them in my mouth. I mean when I wake up, I lick my lips and turn my head to her chest."

"Okay, okay, enough!"

Colt opened the door as we were heading up the walkway. "Dude, get your wife away from me. She tried to seduce me in the barn and then tell me all your sexual secrets. I can't take it anymore!"

Colt looked from Van to me and busted into laughter. "So I guess your talk went well?"

Obviously, he told her to talk to me. "Why couldn't you just come to me man to man? Why'd you have to send her in to beat me up?"

"Because you listen to her, you fool. We just want you to work it out, before the rest of the family knows. While you were out here, I was inside talkin' to your hardheaded wife. You both want the same damn thing."

"She said she wants to f**k my brains out?"

Colt swung his hand in my direction. "Forget you and your jokes. We were tryin' to help." He pulled Van into his arms and kissed her. "You ready to head to your mothers?"

"Wait! You're leaving?"

"Just for the night and Bella is coming of course, because God knows she would flip if she couldn't be with Noah." Van walked over and cupped my face with her hands. "Find a way back in. Waiting is overrated."

"You give terrible advice. Have the couch ready at your parents." I could go to mine if things ever got that bad. I took my tongue and licked the side of her cheek. "Eww, seriously, Ty, are you ten?"

Colt shook his head but still laughed as I walked past them and into the house. Conner was leaning against the refrigerator taking a drink of a beer. "When you get a minute, I need to talk to you."

I hated blowing him off. "Can it wait until the morning?"

"I guess." He walked back toward his bedroom and I heard the door shut.

Miranda was sitting on the couch, staring at the baby monitor. "Honey, what are you doing?"

She held up her finger. "Any second now one of them will cry."

I sat beside her and grabbed the monitor out of her hand. "Why do you say that?"

"Because they don't give me a break. Why can't they be hungry at the same time? I feel like I'm going nuts here and we just started. How am I going to do this? It's too hard."

She was clearly freaking the f**k out, which was both comical and concerning. "Baby, breathe." I put my arm around her and pulled her into my arms. She let her head fall into my neck and started to cry. "I'm feelin' like everything is just so messed up."

After pulling her face up to mine, I kissed her slowly on the lips. I kept my eyes closed, worried about the look she could be giving me, but she didn't pull away. I kept us together letting my lips drag against hers as I spoke. "Please don't make me stop." As I drug my bottom lip over hers, she never pulled away. I grabbed her hands and pulled her to stand up in front of me. Tears fell from her eyes and I kissed them off of her cheeks tasting their salty flavor on my lips. I kept both of her hands meshed into mine as we continued a very passionate kiss. I had to be honest, just kissing her like this after the past two weeks made me weak in the knees. From being sick and not having an appetite, Miranda had already lost so much of her baby weight, not to mention she had been all belly, so aside from her stitches and a small little pouch, she almost had her figure back. Of course, that came with a lot of pain and suffering, instead of a healthy diet and exercise. I let go of one of her hands and grabbed her by the chin, before sliding my hand up the back of her neck and into her hair.

Much to my surprise, I felt my wife's hand sliding up my chest. When she brushed my bottom lip with her tongue I had to stop and pull away for a second. I let my head rest against hers. "Let me touch you."

She opened her eyes and looked directly into mine. Our lips made contact again, as I waited for her answer. The more she kissed me the harder I grew. If Colt and Van's plan failed, I was going to be spending a long time in a cold shower. I could tell she was fighting herself to give me an answer. I took my lips and lightly kissed down her neck and toward her ear. My tongue stroked the back of her lobe. "Tell me you don't want me to stop."

She squeezed the one hand she was still holding and accepted my next kiss, full on the lips. This time I let my tongue slip slowly into her mouth. At first she didn't reciprocate, but as I pulled away, I felt her sucking me back into it. Our tongues met and I could feel tingling in my stomach and all the way down my legs, like it was my first kiss with a girl. I reached down and grabbed the baby monitor before starting my backwards walk toward our bedroom.

When I got her to our bed, I sat her down gently. She looked up at me as I knelt down in front of her. Her eyes intently watched me begin to unzip her sweat jacket. Much to my surprise, her nursing bra was unhooked on one side and I let the jacket fall down below her engorged tit. "Please let me touch you."

Miranda didn't say a word, but she moved her head up and down and bit down on her lip. As my hand slid slowly over the skin of my wife's breast, she began trembling. The closer I got to her nipple, the more her body shook. I was overwhelmed with guilt realizing that it was my touch making her body shake.

I couldn't stop myself, though. I just kept moving my hand until I felt the hardness of her nipple under my palm. I looked from her chest then up to her face to see her teeth chattering and the tears silently falling from her eyes.

Don't give up. Make her remember that she's all you could ever want. Connect with her emotionally.

I stood up and pulled her up to stand with me. The zipper to her jacket slid the rest of the way down until it unattached itself. She closed her eyes and let me kiss her neck, her cheek and then her lips. I ran my hands across her waist and felt her warm skin on my fingers. Every time I felt her lips chattering, I'd kiss it away. Miranda began initiating our kisses and as they intensified more, she stopped holding back.

I felt her hands reach for my shirt and within a second it was being pulled over my head. Her lips where wet with my saliva and she licked them as she ran both hands up my chest. I placed both of my hands on her shoulders and let the jacket fall down her back. While she wriggled both arms out, I unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor.

I sat her back down on the bed and crouched down to my knees, burying my face between her large br**sts. They felt so hot on either side of my face. Miranda ran her hands in my hair and pulled me back to look at her. I bit down on my lip as I watched her slowly move her tongue over her top lip.

My hand came up to stoke her nipple and I could feel that they were leaking. I wanted them in my mouth so badly, but the thought of how awful it tasted entered my mind and I began second guessing myself.

My wife needed to feel special, like she had a part of me that nobody else could have. She needed to know that I loved every single thing about her more than I could ever love another person. I stared into her eyes as I stuck my tongue out and drug it over her nipple. She trembled against my mouth as I did it again. My other hand ran up the inside of her thigh and I could actually feel her spreading her legs for me. I pulled my mouth away and licked my lips.

Miranda was wearing sweat pants since her staples were still across her abdomen. I let her lay back and I pulled them off of her slowly. She laid on the bed in front of me naked and tried to cover her body up right away. I sat on the bed beside her and pulled her arms away from her body. My fingers traced from her neck down to her br**sts. I circled her ni**les causing them to get even harder. The palms of my hands slid under her br**sts and over her sore belly. She was uncomfortable, but I loved every inch of her body. I gently placed small kisses all over her fragile stomach before reaching where the staples sat.

Miranda watched me as I kissed the staples closer to one of her hips and she continued watching me as I worked my way across every single one until I reached the other side. They were already healing and were so low that only I would ever be able to see them.

I knew she was still watching me and knew where I was headed. I let my chin press against the base of her pu**y as I looked up to my wife. My head moved up and down making her moan as the friction from my stubble tickled her clit. "Tell me not to stop, Baby. Please tell me." I let my tongue slide one time between her folds.

Her knees came up on the bed and I grabbed both of them with each of my hands.

While I waited for her permission, I kissed her inner thigh and intertwined one of our hands together. When she hadn't answered, I looked up into her eyes. "I need my wife's permission."

"You have it," she whispered.

My thumb separated her lips right before my tongue dove into her heat. I was trying so hard to be easy on her body, but the more turned on she got the hornier it made me. Pleasing my wife made me happy, but I needed to be inside of her and I knew we couldn't. One good thing came out of Miranda's C-section and that was that her perfect little pu**y was untouched. I devoured her into my mouth, sucking and licking every single inch of it until she cried out and clenched her hands into the covers.

I kissed my way up her body, but it wasn't fast enough as she grabbed me by my hair and pulled my mouth onto hers. I noticed two things. She was tasting herself on my mouth and she wasn't holding back anymore. Miranda's hands were all over my chest and suddenly diving down into my pants. I felt her nails sliding over my dick before she took it into her hand. When she pulled away from my kisses I got confused.

"What's wrong?"

She looked down at my fully erect c**k that she was still holding and broke into a crying fit again. "Babe, I'm so sorry, I just can't do this. I can't stop seeing you with her."

Yeah, I pretty much went limp instantly and boy did I feel like a real piece of shit.

I pulled Miranda into my chest and held her tight against me. "It was too soon. I just miss you so much. I thought if we could reconnect, you wouldn't have any more doubts. I'm trying so hard here."

She sniffled and ran her fingertips over my chest. "I know. I'm sorry too. I do want you, Ty. I miss you so much it's killin' me inside. I just keep seeing it in my head. It won't go away."

I couldn't be mad at her. I kept picturing it too. Over and over again I saw Heather sitting on my face. "I know. I hate this."

She put her chin on my chest and looked up at me. I lifted my head on one of my arms and looked down at her. "Ty, we can get past this."

My other hand ran through her beautiful blonde hair. "You can't know that."

"I do know, because I know you and I are forever. I can't promise it will be tomorrow, but I know I can't live without you. I can't lay here with you and not be moved by your love for me. Whatever happened that night, it has nothing to do with our love, I know that for sure. I can't forget, but I forgive you Ty. I forgive you because you make my life perfect. I forgive you because you're the best father to our children. I forgive you because you're a father to Bella, when you never had to be. I forgive you because when you touch me a fire ignites between us that nobody else could ever make me feel. I forgive you because I know in my heart that you've always belonged to me and because you always will." She kissed my chest and let her head lay down against it.

I picked her up and pulled her to be side by side with me. "Always."

"Yeah." She reached over to kiss me, but the baby monitor started screaming at us and we froze at first contact. We both started laughing.

"Guess we should get used to this." I stood up and started getting dressed.

Miranda took her time and I handed her the clothes off the floor so she didn't have to bend down. Since I only put my pants back on, I helped her slip her clothes back on and get off the bed. As we walked into the boy's room and I picked up a very soaked Jake, Miranda caught my attention. "After we get them changed and fed, I want to continue where we left off."

"Okay, we can talk more later."

"I don't want to talk at all. We need to push through this. I have needs."

"Smack my ass and call me Sally, are you saying what I think you are, you sexy as shit mother of my kids?" I handed Miranda Jake and he took to her tit like he was underneath a milkshake machine. "Damn, look at my boy go."

She started laughing. "Just remember, they now have first dibs on the melons."

"Only my spawn get that privilege, ain't that right boys?" I kissed Jax before changing his diaper, while my wife sat in the rocking chair, finally giving me one of my favorite things she had been keeping from me.

Her beautiful smile.

Chapter 28

Miranda

I thought I didn't want Ty to touch me, that I needed more time before I could get over my initial shock of what he'd done, but the more I pushed him away, the more I longed to be with him. After talking to Colt, I realized that if I wanted to get back to where we were, I had to move forward. When my husband came in the house and told me he wanted me, I can't even describe how I felt. It was both exciting and terrifying for me.

At first I held back, because I was so focused on trying to not think about those pictures. My body began to shake when his hands touched my skin for the first time. It wasn't like he hadn't touched me lately; he just hadn't tried to touch me like that.

I must have been fooling myself when I thought I could resist him. Ty could look at me and make me want him, especially when I was angry with him. He knew exactly what to say to get to me and where to touch me to make me beg for more.

I was surprised it had taken him so long to make an attempt, although with my health being in question, I could understand why he'd waited. Two weeks may have not been a long time, but for our sex life, it felt like an eternity. I may have been angry with my husband, but I had needs too and he was the only man who could fulfill them.

Technically, Ty and I were supposed to wait at least four weeks to have sex. He didn't know this, but I'd had sex one week after having Bella. It wasn't anything he would ever want to know anyway, so I just never told him. Besides, Tucker wasn't exactly big in the, what Ty would call, meat department. I hardly think he could have even done damage at all. Ty on the other hand was the perfect size, but knowing that I hadn't had a vaginal delivery with the twins, I knew that I wasn't in any danger of ripping anything down there. My only concern was the healing staples on my stomach, but as long as we took things slow, I knew we could do it.

After Ty's kisses and him going down on me, the last thing I wanted to do was stop, but our boys were awake and they needed to be fed. Since they were feeding so often, my milk was coming in faster than they were drinking it and I found myself pumping just to keep from changing my shirt every five minutes. I found it to be exhausting, but Ty was happy to be able to feed our sons too.

Being the amazing father that he was, he went out and bought two matching chairs when we found out we had two boys instead of just one. When they both woke up at the same time, it was nice to have room for both of us to be in.

Of course, we should have known that we wouldn't have another second to ourselves until we were too tired to even stand. Jackson and Jacob were already showing signs of their father's rambunctiousness. No matter how much they ate and how much we rocked them, they refused to stay asleep.

"I've decided to rename our boys." Ty kissed Jax while he rocked him.

I looked down and Jake. He was wide awake too. "Oh yeah, what did you have in mind."

"The Cock Block Twins."

It hurt to laugh when I was sitting up, but I couldn't contain myself. Of course, I startled Jake and he started to cry. Ty put Jax up on his shoulder and laughed silently at my dilemma. "You suck."

"Shhh, just keep trying, Baby. They have to get tired at some point. I'm not going to bed until I touch my wife some more." He winked at me and blew me a kiss. "I really like the easy access jacket. In fact, I think you should go bra-less from now on."

"I leak too much."

"That's so sexy." He raised his eyebrows three times in a row to be an ass.

"You're sick."

"Don't make me come over there and show you sick. I have no problem sucking on one of them titties myself." The worst part about that comment was that he was being honest. I had no doubt that he wouldn't do it just to prove a point.

"Let's make a bet."

He cocked his eyebrow. "What do you have in mind, sexy?"

"If you can get Jax to sleep first, I will give you the best blow job of your life. If Jake goes to sleep first, you have to actually drink from my breast for, let's say, one minute."

He scrunched his face up, but I knew he wanted that blow job. "You're killing me. I can't pass on a chance for the best blow job ever. You're on, but I'm only doing thirty seconds. Since I plan on winning, the time doesn't even matter."

I smiled, knowing darn well he wasn't going to win. Jake was already starting to dose. "Good luck with that."

Five minutes passed and neither of our sons were asleep. Ty stood up and walked over to my chair with Jax in his arms. He let his knees touch mine. I looked up at him watching me. "Unzip the jacket."

"I'm holding my son."

"I just want a peek, not the whole tit. I want to be hard as a rock for when you get started." He winked and started pacing around the room, shooting me quick glances as he swayed Jax around.

I unzipped my jacket back down enough for him to see the side of the breast. I kept looking down to Jake and hoping that he would finally be asleep. Ty's eyes were like magic to my private skin. He bit his lip as his vision tried to see past the fabric. I suddenly realized that it was distracting him from concentrating on Jax. With Jake closing his eyes more frequently, I stood up and laid him down in his crib. I put his pacifier in his mouth and within seconds he was fast asleep. I threw Ty a wave as I approached the door frame and slowly unzipped my whole jacket. I took both sides in my hand and flashed him both of my br**sts. He smiled and shook his head. I no sooner turned around to head to our bedroom, when I ran right into my brother. He was in his boxers walking toward the bathroom. I covered myself as soon as it happened, but it was too late.

"Jesus Christ, Randa, cover yourself up. Oh my God, I just saw your tits." He ran into the bathroom and shut the door behind him. I turned around the see Ty standing in the hallway laughing his ass off. Poor Jax was starting to cry again, but Ty couldn't stop himself.

I was so embarrassed to see my brother again that I turned around and went straight to my bedroom. I expected my husband to come in right after me, but I ended up falling asleep waiting for him.

The boys must have been exhausted, because the next time the monitor went off; it was six in the morning. I went to get up and felt Ty's strong arms holding me down. He started to stir and I got him adjusted so I could get to the boys before they woke up everyone. I knew they were both hungry, so I leaned in and gently grabbed one of them at a time. When they got a little bigger they were going to have to take turns. I needed to get the boys back to sleep before Ty woke up; because there was something pressing I needed to do before it was too late. I nursed the twins for about twenty minutes before they both finished. They may have been little, but they were hungry little guys. While Jax fell back to sleep, Jake stayed awake. I got him changed into clothes for the day and we headed out to the kitchen. Ty had installed a little computer area in the kitchen to manage the bills and do anything else we needed to do for the farm. I found the hidden paternity papers and fed them into the scanner. I couldn't believe how official they were. Once I got them scanned, I pulled up the lawyer's information and faxed them over with a little note. He'd known about my accident and told us not to even worry about a court date. He'd been so busy with a local case that he had postponed all of his other hearings anyway.

When I heard someone coming in, I closed out the computer and hid the papers again. I wanted to tell Ty about Heather giving them to me, but after all we had gone through, I didn't want him knowing she'd actually done something descent until I knew they were really going to work. We'd falsified documents to secure our daughters safety. My husband basically slept with the devil herself to get them and if they actually got his name on that birth certificate, maybe it wouldn't burn so bad.

Conner walked past me and waved to Jake. "Hey, Buddy."

He said nothing to me.

"It was just skin, Conner."

He made himself coffee and turned to face me as it brewed. "I refuse to talk to you about this. In fact, please don't ever bring it up again. I'd rather be blind then to keep seeing your tits touching me. Oh God, it's nasty."

"Would you feel better if I saw your package?"

"Are you on crack? I'm pretty damn sure I'm goin' to need to seek medical assistance for erectile dysfunction now." He looked devastated.

"You're stupid. It was just skin."

Ty came walking into the kitchen in just pajama pants. He leaned down and kissed me before reaching for a coffee cup. Without saying a word he pushed Conner out of the way of the still brewing pot. "I need this more than you, Dude."

Conner pushed Ty away. "After seeing my sister's tits last night, I didn't get much sleep."

Ty leaned against the counter and took me in. I smiled back at him and heard my brother clearing his throat. "You two seem different, better even."

Ty never stopped looking at me. "We are. She had a late night craving for some grade A meat."

Conner crossed his arms and shook his head. "You two are both sick in the head. You deserve each other."

"He's just joking, Conner. He knows he was the one chowing down last night."

Ty put his fist up to his face and burst into laughter, while my brother threw his arms in the air and walked out of the kitchen. "I'll get coffee in the farm house, you sick bitches."

It was so good to laugh with Ty. He'd been so serious lately. I was so nervous about the paternity issue, but since we were reconnecting, I knew I shouldn't bring it up.

Our lawyer was a really nice guy who was rooting for Ty to be the father of Bella. He said if the results were in our favor, he would petition the courts and have his name added to her birth certificate. We were breaking the law, but Tucker was dead and Ty was the only father she'd ever had. His mother was more of a criminal than her son and I didn't want my daughter to ever know them. It was my choice.

I could only pray to God that I would never need anything medically for her that would require us to involve them. I believed that God was good and he would always protect my children, even from evil people.

Ty poured a cup of coffee, but handed it over to me. "First cup goes to my wife."

"Thank you." I sipped on it while he made his cup.

"So, before the house fills with people, what do you say we kick everyone out and make out all day long?"

You have no idea how much I want your lips on me.

"It's a great idea, but I don't think it will fly well."

"Well, you got rid of Conner already." He laughed and looked down at Jake. "I think this little guy is trying to hog his mommy for himself."

I played with Jake's brown head of hair. His eyes were still a dark gray and I was pretty sure, I knew what color they were going to be. Since they were identical twins, it made me smile that they could both look like their father. To me, Ty was gorgeous. "Are you jealous, Babe?"

"Nah, I look at it like he's a part of me and that means that it's kind of like you're with me anyway. Now, if they keep pulling what they did last night, I may start to get jealous. You know the key to a good marriage is a blow job a day." He took a sip of coffee and never laughed.

"I'm guessin' that survey was created by you and answered by only you."

He raised his eyebrows. "I'm a very smart man."

"Smart ass, maybe."

"Same difference." He walked over to the refrigerator and looked inside. "I hope Moms having breakfast at her house, cause all we have to eat is junk from the party last night."

"I should probably get a shower then." Ty stood up straight and shut the refrigerator. He held his hands out for me to hand him Jake. I stood up and started walking out of the kitchen.

As I rounded the corner I heard him talking to our son. "I think it's about time you tried out your vibrating seat. Mommy's going to need some help washing her fine ass."

Chapter 29

Ty

A chance to shower with my wife...you bet your ass I took it.

By the time I got Jake situated in his chair, grabbed the baby monitor and removed my clothes, Miranda was already in the shower. I looked through the glass doors and took in how perfect she was. Sure, she had a little bump from being pregnant, but she was still tiny everywhere else. I watched her letting the water run down her head and over her back, then finally traveling down her shiny ass cheeks.

I felt myself growing as I stood there mind-fucking my wife. It'd been so long since we'd had sex that my rock hard penis was acting like it had a magnetic attraction to Miranda's naked body. I think I could have chained myself to the wall and my dick would have found a way into that shower.

She knew I had come in behind her, so she never even flinched when my hands reached around her waist. I turned her around and got excited when she wrapped her arms around my neck. "I want you more than our first time." Hearing her say those words made my dick jump. She felt it and giggled into my face. "I think it missed you."

She licked my bottom lip and pulled away. "Mmm, where does it want to visit first?"

This was the perfect woman.

"It's open to suggestions." Miranda slowly pushed me back against the shower wall. I let my hands fall down to her hips and when I got close to her staples, she flinched.

"You okay?"

"Say my name Ty."

Huh? "Miranda."

She slowly sat down on the shower seat and kissed around my navel. "My whole name."

When her hand grabbed the shaft to my hard cock, it drove me nuts. I dug my hands into her hair, as she licked the tip and let a strand of spit drag from her tongue. "Oh shit, Miranda, Miranda Mitchell."

She licked it several more times before finally staring right at me and shoving it into her perfect mouth. I watched her cheeks moving as she sucked hard and fast. Her strokes became vigorous and the longer she sucked the more she got into it. When her mouth got tired, she'd remove it and jerk me off until she could take it back in again. I watched her stroke me with two hands, moving them against each other. I moved the shower head away from us, so her spit made it slippery.

While she continued with her rapid hand motion, she ducked down and licked my balls. When I threw my head back, I felt her suck them into her little mouth. She moaned and I could feel it through my whole body. She kept doing it, while her hands squeezed my shaft until it almost hurt. As my dick began to jerk, Miranda released my balls and started to take me back into her eager mouth, but I squatted down and kissed her instead. I'd waited too long to waste my nut like that. I wanted my wife. "Is it too soon?"

"Would you rather I used a vibrator?" Her teasing words made me jealous. I wasn't sharing that pu**y with anything.

"I don't want to hurt you." I didn't, but I needed to be inside of her before I busted my load all over her leg. In my moment of weakness, I picked my wife up and pressed her against the shower wall. She wrapped her legs around my waist and I drove myself inside of her. It felt so good that I just stayed still for a second, trying to get over the overwhelming happiness I felt from being with her again.

"Ty...."

"Yeah, Baby?"

She buried her head into my neck and started biting on my ear lobe, but immediately her body tensed. "Stop!"

I froze thinking she was reconsidering being with me. Instant fear washed over me as I held my wife tight against my body. "What's wrong?"

Please don't say it's me.

"It hurts my stomach. Maybe it would be better if I laid flat." I sat my wife down slowly and practically ran out of the shower with full wood leading the way. I could have hung two towels on that bitch and it wouldn't have budged.

Jake was fast asleep in the vibrating chair, so we snuck past him. While Miranda climbed into bed, I grabbed the monitor and sat it on the dresser in case Jax woke up.

We still had at least an hour before the family started beating down our door to visit with us, so without wasting another moment, I climbed into bed with my wife.

Once she got herself situated on her pillow, I leaned on my side and kissed her lips. She looked upset when I pulled away. "You okay, Baby? Does it still hurt?"

Miranda reached up for a kiss and then slowly rolled me onto my back. She took her time climbing on top of me and I held my hands on her waist the whole time. Once she was lying on top of me, her lips found mine again. "It only hurts if I'm sittin' up. As long as my stomach stays straight, I think we'll be fine."

I rubbed my hands up her arms. "I really don't want to hurt you. We can wait if you want to."

Miranda pulled one of my hands up to her br**sts and played with her nipple. The hard nub tickled my palm and I could feel a little wetness coming out. She giggled and looked intently into my eyes. "A bet is a bet."

Of f**k. The last time I tasted this shit, I wanted to vomit. She was really going to make me do it.

"If I puke on you, I still want sex afterwards."

She let out a cackle and pointed to her breast. I rolled my eyes and stuck out my tongue. "Stop. I have a better idea. Open your mouth, I can squirt in it."

I shook my head. "Hell no!"

As Miranda continued to laugh, I continued to shake my head. "Ty, just get it over with. Don't you want to know what I'm feedin' your children?"

"Not if it tastes like shit. They seem happy enough."

My wife did something I wasn't expecting. While I ran my mouth, not paying her any mind, she squirted that shit right at my mouth and face. The first thing I noticed was that it felt warm, which totally grossed me out, because milk shouldn't be warm. The second thing I noticed was that it almost tasted sweet. Miranda was beside herself with laughter. I grabbed both of her hands and held them over her head. "If you could have seen your face." She continued laughing at me.

I waited for her to stop before I kissed her between her br**sts and traced my tongue all around her pink nipple. She immediately stopped laughing.

Fuck it, if Colt can do this shit, so can I.

I latched on to her nipple and sucked as hard as I could. The warm milk filled my mouth, but I didn't let go. I just kept sucking while Miranda moaned in pleasure. I tried so hard not to move my tongue, to try and avoid tasting it, but it moved anyway. It tasted sweet almost like adding sugar to normal milk. I pulled away and licked it again. "Are you goin' to be sick?" She giggled.

"All I have to say is that our boys are two lucky kids. I don't know what you've been eating, but that shit wasn't bad. It wasn't bad at all. Now Van, well she must eat dog shit, cause her milk tasted like ass."

"Tyler Mitchell, be nice."

"I am not kidding at all. She needs to eat vegetables. If we were stranded on an island and all I had was breast milk, I could totally survive on sucking on one of your tits every day."

"How romantic. What would I drink to stay alive?" Miranda stroked my chest as she waited for my answer.

"That's easy. You could just feed yourself and I could watch. In fact why don't you suck on your own tit right now and give me a visual. I might beat off to this shit one day." Her mouth just opened but nothing came out.

She never let out on single laugh in regards to my sarcasm. "You truly are a sick man."

"And you truly are the best thing that ever happened to me."

She put her hand up to my face and touched her fingertip to my lips. After she had them separated, she leaned in and kissed them, stroking her tongue over my bottom lip before pulling back and staring at them. "I love you."

I kept looking at her looking at me. I loved how she was staring at my lips, calling them to kiss her all over her body. "Please let me make love to you."

Miranda laid on her back and waited for my next move. I took one of her hands and intertwined it with one of mine, pushing it over top of her head right before I leaned in to kiss her tantalizing lips. Her naked body lay beneath me; still fragile and beaten so I knew I had to take my time at this second attempt.

We probably should have waited the whole four weeks, but I needed to feel this after two weeks of feeling so broken inside. My wife was giving me her body again and she needed to know how much I wanted her. Her hand that was holding mine squeezed tighter as I traced tiny tongue filled kisses all over her needy neck. She ran her hands into my hair and pulled me up for an eager kiss, where our tongues played together even more, forcing sensations to awaken parts of me that needed her body. I took my free hand and slid it between her legs until I felt that warm pu**y that had my name all over it.

Like every time before, Miranda was ready for me. I took two fingers and spread her folds as I continued to move my fingers back and forth while still kissing her. Little moans escaped her lips every time my fingertips brushed over her swollen clit. I started to move them in circular motions and found myself leaving her mouth so that I could watch myself making her come. She let go of my hand and watched as I moved down and focused on her beautiful pu**y.

I separated her little lips with one hand, while continuing to circle her clit with my two fingers. As I added a bit more pressure, I felt her starting to tighten up and tremble. "Come for me, Baby. I want to see it."

She grabbed a chunk of my hair and tangled her fingers into it as she arched her body in reaction to her body going into an orgasmic bliss. "Oh, Ty, don't stop!"

"That's it. Come for me."

The room filled with moans and as she let go and finally pulled me up to her mouth. "I need you inside of me, loving me, and f**king me, right now!"

I felt her hand grabbing my shaft and guiding it right between her legs, where her wet pu**y waited. I held most of my weight up with my arms as I got into position, and this time, slowly entered into my tight wife. She stared into my eyes as I began moving in and out of her, savoring every single feeling that was happening throughout my body. We'd made love so many times in our marriage, but this time was different.

I'd missed her on such an internal level and being inside of her like this overwhelmed me with an extra kind of pleasure. Her hands were on my chest, dragging her nails over my hard ni**les. I dove down to her mouth and licked at her tongue that was waiting out of her mouth for me. She teased me with her own, making me come in once more to feel it touch mine. I loved when she teased me. "Are you okay? Does it hurt? We shouldn't be doing this yet."

Miranda kissed me again, making sure there was no way I would be able to stop. Her tongue took over my ability to think and within a few seconds of her hot kissing, I was only focused on one thing.

The position was difficult to not put any weight on my wife's stomach, so I couldn't touch her like I wanted to. I turned her on her side, freeing one of my hands up to be able to explore. I reached around and grabbed her supple ass and pulled it into my deep thrusts. As Miranda moaned, I knew she was getting the same pleasure out of our new position. We scissored our legs together and the friction of our skin hitting became louder. The slapping sounds turned me on and she knew it. I looked down and watched myself sliding in and out of my wife. Every single thrust brought me to the brink of explosion. Miranda grabbed one of my ass cheeks and dug her nails deep into it, pulling me against her harder and I couldn't hold out anymore. It had been too long and it felt way too good. I let myself go, releasing all of the pent up pain and hurt of the past months. I felt free, like I had my wife back completely. Something made us stronger and nothing would come between us again, because this time she would be in control. In that moment she gave herself to me in an almost euphoric state of mind. I felt her love radiating through every single inch of my body.

We lay there side by side, stroking each other's skin and stealing kisses from one another. I was happier than any words could have explained, even when Jake started to whine from his little vibrating chair. Miranda laughed as I rolled my eyes and climbed out of bed to grab some boxers and then our son.

After running into his room and changing his diaper, I brought him back to his mother and laid him beside her. He found her tit like he was starving to death and was content to nurse while laying right beside her. I climbed in behind him and held her hand, while looking into her eyes. "Thank you for this life and for not leaving me. This is the only place I could ever want to be."

She smiled and looked down at our nursing son. She opened her mouth to say something, but the baby monitor started blowing up with Jax's crying. We both laughed as I climbed out of bed, to repeat the same routine with our second son.

Things were going to be hectic and a real pain in the ass for the next eighteen years, but I wanted to spend every single minute of them with my wife, because she made every single second of it worth living.

Chapter 30

Miranda

The hurt wasn't all the way gone, but it was going away. I'd given Ty my heart again and after being home for almost a month, we were back to our normal, yet very crazy life. Ty and Conner were busy with new additions to the farm and the kids took up every second of my time. Bella's fifth birthday was just days away and the family was due in for her birthday party.

I'd spoke to the lawyers office several different times inquiring about the papers and the custody case and I knew that what I was waiting for was in the mail.

I hadn't told Ty yet and part of me knew he would get upset, but the other part knew he would be so happy that it wouldn't even matter. I wanted this surprise for my husband. He deserved to have Bella as his own and now it would be set in stone for her whole life. Nothing would ever be able to tear them apart.

The lawyer agreed to keep Ty on the down low about the paternity, but he had already sent out notification that the visitation hearing had been cancelled indefinitely. Ty was so happy that he never even questioned it anymore.

Conner was the only one to know about my secret. He had mixed feelings about me keeping such a big secret, but he also saw the happy part where I told Ty that Bella, his Izzy, was forever his daughter in life and on paper. In his mind, he never needed the paper, but I knew how much it was going to mean to him to have it and in the long run it would mean a lot for his name to be on his daughter's birth certificate. One day, if he wanted to tell her the truth, I would leave it up to him. No test could ever change the fact that he was her only father.

With my brother and Ty working so hard on the farm, I found myself consumed with mommy duty. I didn't mind it, but as the boys grew, so did their appetites. I couldn't wait to feed them solid foods, in fear of my br**sts turning to mush. Of course, Ty being Ty, would just say he would buy me knew ones that would stand the test of time. He claimed that even after we were dead and buried, I would still have perfect tits, and then he asked if we could be buried in the same coffin so he could have them on top of him while his body decomposed into mine. Yeah, that was my husband, the weirdo nut job that I couldn't get enough of.

Since we got home from the hospital it seemed as if Conner was going out every night. He would never talk about what he was doing, but he never came home drunk or seemingly messed up at all. Sometimes he seemed like he was in bad mood though. He refused to tell me who he was with and what he was doing. He really liked to shoot pool, so I just assumed he was out at the local bar, playing billiards all night.

He and Ty played pool in the barn some nights and Ty said my brother was a real good shot. I guess that's what happens when you'd played as long as he had. Since Conner seemed okay, I never worried too much about him. He was saving his money and even talking about buying a parcel of land from Ty's dad to build a small house on. We had plenty of room for him on the farm itself, but he said he needed to start thinking about long term.

Our mother wasn't too thrilled about his decision to stay here instead of going home to Kentucky. I guess she thought he would eventually move back home with her. I mean, it was the plan all along, until he moved here and realized he could start fresh.

Conner had been grabbing me the mail every day in hopes of my surprise to Ty being in there. When he came walking up the lane holding some envelopes, my heart started beating out of my chest. I met him outside instead of letting him walk in, even though I knew he was going to come in anyway.

"I wasn't bein' nosey, but there is an envelope from the lawyers office in there."

I flipped through them until I saw the largest of the envelopes with the Kentucky address on it. "Oh God, it's here."

I stared at the envelope and tears filled my eyes. Conner pulled me into his arms. "Why are you cryin', Darlin'? This is what you wanted, isn't it?"

It was what I wanted. In fact, it was all I ever wanted, but I knew someone who wanted it even more. "You don't understand, Conner. Everything that Ty did for this to happen, everything we went through, he thinks it was for nothin'. He risked our marriage and we went through Hell over it. This envelope means it wasn't for nothin', Conner. I hate what he did, but this changes everything. It was never about sex or him wantin' someone else, it was all for her, it was always for her."

"Of course it was. Did you actually think he would have gone to that girl, if it wasn't about his daughter? You know I never wanted you to be with Ty, but that man loves you. I knew from the beginning that he couldn't have wanted to cheat on you."

I looked up at my brother and sat down the envelope. "What do you mean, you knew from the beginning?"

He smacked himself in the side of the head. "Ah, shit, Miranda. I didn't want you knowin' that I knew. He didn't want to go there at all, you know that. When he asked me to hit him that night, I demanded an explanation. I had no idea that you two were plannin' somethin' so stupid, but I understood how important it was for you to protect Bella from that stupid bitch." Conner looked down and shook his head. "I told him to do whatever he had to do to save his daughter, but he said he couldn't do that. He said she made him sick. So, when he called me later that night freakin' out, I helped him get calmed down. Miranda, he didn't remember anything and from the very beginning, I knew he was drugged. Do you really think Ty would come to me if he'd just voluntarily cheated on my sister. He knew I'd kill him. Look, I'm sorry for lyin' to you, but he was set up and I knew if you knew the truth, you would leave him and break up your family."

I pushed my brother clear across the room and when he came back at me with open arms, I smacked him in his face. "How could you keep that from me? How could you do that, Conner?"

"Because I knew how much it would hurt you and how much it was tearing him apart. I did it for your marriage."

I pointed to the door. "Get out of my house! Just get the hell away from me."

I knew that my brother knew, but I didn't know he was a part of it from the beginning. All that time, he knew Ty's secret and never said one word to me. I couldn't believe he would keep something like that from me. Without even thinking, I called Ty at work. Ever since he'd gone back, his phone stayed in his pocket.

Hey, Baby, is everything okay?

No, it's not!

Are the kids alright? Are you okay? Do you need me to come home?

Yeah, Ty, I really do. The kids are fine and physically I'm fine too.

What's......hold on...your brother is calling me now. What the hell is going on?

Maybe you should just let him explain. Then when you get home, you can explain to me why you protected him.

Is this about Amy?

Amy? What about Amy?

Fuck. Never mind.

No what about Amy? You better start talkin' or I swear you will not touch me again.

Don't threaten me with that shit, because he asked me to keep a secret. What is going on with you?

Screw you both! I hung up the phone and ran my hands into my hair. I was over the whole Ty and Heather situation as far as what happened between them, but this opened up a new can of worms for me. My brother knew and Ty never told me.

For the next hour, I kept myself busy scrubbing all of the bathrooms in the house. I found when I was frustrated, I cleaned up a storm. The boys finally woke up from their nap and I watched television while I fed them.

Since it was summer, we had enrolled Bella in an all-day bible camp that his mother ran. It was three days a week for a whole month and she loved seeing some of her friends from school. She came flying in the door carrying all kinds of crafts she's made. "Mommy, guess what?"

"Shhh, Jax is sleepin'."

She looked at her brother who was sitting in his chair sound asleep. "Sorry," she whispered. "I won the prize in the treasure chest today for being the best behaved this week. Look what I picked." She handed me a plastic necklace with a duck charm on it. "I want Uncle Conner to have it."

I tried to hold in my anger when she said his name. She loved her uncle and it was so nice she thought of him. "I'm sure he will like it."

"Can I go out and look for him?"

"Did you see Poppy outside?" She wasn't walking around the farm without an adult. Sure, she was basically five, but still too young to walk around a dangerous farm. My daughter was too curious to stay out of harm's way.

"He went inside with Mimi. They had to get in the attic."

"Why?" It sounded funny.

"Cause Mimi said so."

She obviously didn't know why they were in the attic, so I just dropped it. "Just wait till Daddy gets home."

I no sooner said his name when I heard the door open and keys hit the counter. "Daddy." Bella went running toward the door and I didn't have to turn around to know she was already in his arms. It was a daily routine for them.

"Hey, Sweetie. Did you have a good time at church?"

"Yes, but Ben kept taking my crayons."

"That's because you're so cute, he likes getting your attention." Ty carried her to the living room and sat her down in front of me. He looked down at a sleeping Jax and a very awake, still nursing Jake, and smiled.

"Boys are stupid!"

Ty leaned down to kiss me and I moved my lips away so he had to kiss my cheek. He pulled away and shook his head, knowing he was on my shit list.

Ignoring my attitude toward him, he turned his attention back to our daughter. "I'm a boy. Your brothers are boys. Noah is a boy. Do you think we're stupid?"

"No, but you're my family. Just other boys are stupid."

He pulled her onto his lap and kissed her all over the face. "You keep thinking that way, Iz and Daddy will never have to use that shotgun on anything but a deer. She didn't understand him, but laughed anyway. "Why don't you go clean up your room since everyone's coming for your party."

"But I don't want to." She stuck out her little bottom lip to try and manipulate her father.

Usually it worked, but he was onto her right away this time. "If you don't clean your room then you don't get any presents." Bella went running into her room like a bolt of lightning. I rolled my eyes. He sat down next to me and pulled Jake from my lap. "I knew I'd come home to him next to your tit. He knows where the good pillows are."

I scooted away from him, enough for him to notice. "I'm mad at you."

He played with Jake's hair and let out an air filled sigh. "Baby, I thought we were past all this. Can't you just let it go?"

"No! My own brother lied to me. I feel like killin' him with my bare hands."

He laughed at my comment. "As much as I would love to see you take your brother outside and take him down, I seriously doubt you'd be able to. He's double your size for starters and I know you love him too much to actually hurt him." He reached over and rubbed my leg. "We have the whole family coming for Bella's party, can you at least be nice to him until after everyone leaves?"

"No, I'm pissed Ty and I'm mad at you about it too and what is going on with Amy?"

Ty stood up and handed me back Jake. "I gotta get a shower."

I sat Jake down in his chair and ran into the room after my husband. He knew something and I was going to get it out of him. I jumped in front of him walking in the bathroom. "Tyler Mitchell, you better tell me what you know, right now!"

He reached his arms out and picked me up, then spun me around to be out of his way, while still having a huge smile on his face. He tried to back up into the bathroom and close the door, but I shoved my ass into the door so it couldn't close. He shook his head and started taking off his clothes. "It is my constitutional right to plead the fifth."

He climbed into the shower and ignored me standing there with my hands on my hips. "You're willin' to be on my shit list, to protect my brother?"

I looked through the glass and realized if I wanted to be mad at Ty, I had to stop looking at him naked. I turned and sat on the edge of the tub, avoiding my urge to take another peek. To make matters worse, Ty started singing a song that he knew got under my skin. He wasn't the greatest singer, but the words took my breath away.

"People say I'm just a rough boy. I ain't no good for you girl

It's a dead end street, tryin' to love me. Yeah, I'll wreck your world

I can see why they're all talkin'. Lookin' back at my past

I've got a bad name, but a man can change. I'm livin' proof of that"

Damn him and his perfect song. I put my hands on my hips and walked up to the shower. Ty rinsed off the shampoo from his head and opened his eyes to see me standing there. He winked at me and blew me a kiss before continuing to distract me.

"Til my last day, til my last breath. Of everyone that can, I can love you the best

Til my last day, I'll be lovin' you.

All the way up, til they lay me down. Six feet under the cold hard ground.

Til my last day, I'll be lovin' you, Miranda Mitchell." He always added my name at the end. Since discovering the song, he used it as a weapon against me, knowing I took it to heart every time he sang it.

He opened the shower door and pulled me inside, soaking all of my clothes. "Ty, seriously, the boys are out there and now I have to change."

He pulled off my shirt before I could argue with him and when his lips hit mine, I knew I was done for.

Chapter 31

Ty

My singing was probably bad enough to break wine glasses, but my wife caved every time I sang that song to her. The words were so true to my life and Miranda loved hearing them. I was only able to distract my wife for a little while. I no sooner got her naked and started touching her amazing body, when one of the boys began to scream bloody murder.

To avoid her from trying to ask me more about Conner, I hurried out of the shower and attended to Jake. I wasn't joking when I said that he loved being around his mother's tits. Sometimes, it was the only thing to calm him down. I thought it was funny that my son already loved br**sts so much, where my wife thought I was an ass**le for even saying such things about her perfect little boys.

Secretly, he made me so proud. Although, if I ever found out some guy was looking at my daughter's tits, I may have to commit murder. There was no way in Hell I was ever going to let Izzy date. I would jack a little mother f**ker up, if they laid a hand on my little girl.

The problem with that was I knew she was going to look just like her mother and I would be completely outnumbered. My little girl's beauty may put me in an early grave. Hopefully her brothers would be so bad that they would scare off all the potential perverts.

Miranda smacked me on my ass and knocked me back into present time. "What are you thinkin' about? You thinkin' of tellin' me about Amy yet? Ty she's married. They better not be involved."

She sat down in the kitchen chair and I handed Jake to her. He took to her tit faster than a speeding bullet. She rolled her eyes when I smiled about it. "Baby, I really don't know much more than you. That is the truth. If it's making you upset just ask your brother about it. Amy obviously doesn't want anyone to know, otherwise she would have told you herself. They are both adults, so it's really none of our business."

"She's my boss."

"Was your boss." I didn't want her going back to work. Conner and I had been busting our asses so that I could give my notice and focus on running the farm. In fact, I had told my boss the news the day before. I was hoping to share it with the family when they all came for Izzy's party.

"We talked about this. I want to still work. Your mother is fully capable of taking care of the boys. She wants to do it, Ty. Besides, don't you like riding to work together?"

I started to answer her, but Conner came walking in the door and he had a serious look on his face. Miranda pointed at him. "You need to start explainin' right now!"

"Simmer down, that's why I'm here." He sat down at the table across from us. "There's somethin' you both need to hear."

"You're goin' to tell us about Amy?" Miranda cocked her eyebrow and I shook my head as I looked down at the table.

I heard Conner's voice and looked at him. "Oh great, thanks a lot Ty. I'm tryin' to help you out and you throw me under the f**kin' bus."

I set my hands down flat on the table. "Dude, I didn't mean it. She tricked me into saying something."

Conner ran his hands through his hair. "It doesn't matter. There ain't nothin' goin' on between us. I'm not even sittin' here to talk about that. I think you both need to hear the truth."

Miranda looked confused, but from the look on her brother's face, I knew exactly what he meant. "Fuck."

"What Ty? What is going on now? You two and your secrets are really pissing me off."

Conner put his hands down and looked at his sister. "I'm goin' to start from the beginning so you don't think I kept anything from you. Don't open your pretty little mouth until I'm finished, you got it?"

Miranda shrugged. "Whatever!"

"The night that all this shit started with Heather, you were right, I knew about it. I was the person Ty called when he needed advice and I am the one who convinced him to lie to you. It was all my idea for him to move on and forget it ever happened, even though I knew he couldn't do it forever." Miranda started to talk, but he held up his hand. "You see, when I saw Ty that night, he wasn't right. When he told me he was drugged, I knew that he was telling me the truth. You didn't see him that night, Randa. He was tore up somethin' fierce. The whole time he kept sayin' that he never touched her, so I suggested that she set it all up. I knew Heather didn't know who I was, so I asked Amy to set us up. She knew all along that I only wanted answers, but that girl loves you like you're her sister and she wanted to be able to fix things."

"You told Amy?" Miranda looked genuinely hurt.

"I had to. Just shut up, please." He shook his head before continuing. Miranda refused to look my way and I hated reliving the events in my head. "I knew I had to get her to trust me if I ever wanted to find out if Ty was telling the truth. Nothing against you, Bro, but either way I wanted answers. Just so you know, I never doubted you for a second. I've cheated on my fair share of women and I never left any of the other women's beds so tore up." He looked back at Miranda, who was already crying silently to herself. "Heather took the bait right away. Within a week, she was calling me all damn day, wanting to hang out. I took things slow, making her think I wanted something real. Since she thought I was living out of a motel, it was always her idea to go there, but one night I finally got her to take me to her place."

"Jesus Christ, Conner, you slept with her too?" Miranda stood up and walked over to put Jake in his chair. She immediately began pacing around the room crying. I rushed to her side, but she pushed me away. "Why are you telling me this? Do you have feelin's for her? She's never comin' here. I don't want her near my family..."

"Will you calm down. I ain't got feelin's for that slut."

I removed my hands from my face and watched my wife walk back to the table. I was shocked that Conner had gone through with his plan and actually bedded the enemy. He really had taken one for the team. "Please get this story over with. If I have to move in with my parents a day before my daughter's birthday party, I am really going to kick your ass."

"You two need to just chill and hear me out. After I had spent the night there a few times, she started leaving me alone in the house. Every time she showered or ran to the store, I snooped around. I found her camera first that had even more pictures then she gave you, but what I did see was this." He pulled the camera out of his back pocket and slid it across the table. "I know you don't want to look, but I think you need to see the one's she didn't show you."

I flipped through the pictures. Each one was like a knife being stabbed into my heart, until I came across the ones where two people were trying to pose me in different positions and I was clearly not awake. "Son of a bitch. I knew it."

Miranda, who seemed scared to death of the camera, yanked it out of my hand. She began staring at the one I left on the screen. Sure enough as she flipped through it was obvious that I wasn't conscious. There were even pictures of Heather laughing while trying to pose. She finally sat the camera down between us and looked to Conner.

He cleared his throat. "Randa, she walked in on me lookin' at those pictures and I flat out asked her about them. She said that her and her friends wanted to pay back an ex-lover that pissed her off and if that isn't enough evidence for you, on the first night I slept with her, she said she hadn't been with anyone in over a year and it was with a girl. You can be as mad at me if you want, but your husband never cheated on you. He was tellin' you the truth the whole damn time. Now instead of bein' all pissed, I think you have a little secret of your own that he deserves to hear about."

She put her hands over her face and kept them there. I just sat there in total shock. Conner slept with Heather. He actually went through with it to help me and his sister. I looked at my wife and thought about Conner's last words. "What secret?" Miranda reached over and grabbed one of my hands, but I pulled away. "No, what secret?"

She put her head down and started crying. "When she brought those pictures I was so pissed at you. I wanted you to suffer for what you did, but then the accident happened and everything just got so busy."

I stood up and clenched my fists, thinking about everything I had gone through. All of this shit could have been avoided. I never cheated on my wife. "You better start making sense."

"Heather didn't just drop off the pictures and her lies. She left the paternity papers too."

Her words ripped through my heart. "What?"

Miranda cried more, but she wasn't making me feel sorry for her. "It's not what you're thinking, Ty. I swear it isn't. I can prove it to you." She jumped up out of her seat and ran toward the kitchen desk. A white envelope slipped across the table and set in front of my face. I looked down on it and saw that it was from the lawyer's office. The case had been dropped, so I had no idea what she was showing me.

"You're goin' to want to open that." Conner sat back in his chair and smiled.

Since he seemed confidant, I opened the envelope. My hands began to shake when I pulled out the official paper, including the Seal of Kentucky. I knew what I was looking at, but I couldn't believe it actually was happening. The altered test had worked and I was now listed as the biological father of Isabella Mitchell. I put my hands in my face as the tears poured out of my eyes. I felt Miranda wrapping her arms around me, but I didn't budge. "Now, no one can ever take her way from you."

I let my hands fall and pulled her onto my lap. She wiped away my tears and kissed me. "Thank you so much, Baby. This means everything to me."

She hugged me tight. "I should have never doubted you. Please say you forgive me."

I looked over at my brother in law as I stood up with my wife straddling my waist. "Watch the kids."

I kissed my wife all the way to our bedroom and once that door was shut, I knew it was going to be the best f**king sex we'd ever had.

Chapter 32

Miranda

I hated hearing what Conner did, but his story took away every ounce of pain that was in my heart. My husband was telling truth. He'd never strayed and I owed him a huge apology. Of course, Ty was so overwhelmed with his own happiness that we ended up in the bedroom. I'm kind of glad Conner was still at the table, but knowing my husband, he would have started f**king me right there.

We no sooner made it into our bedroom when our clothes started ripping off, and when I say ripping, I mean they were trashed. Our kisses were aggressive and so was Ty. He picked me up and shoved me into the wall, sending two pictures crashing to the floor, while never breaking our tongue filled kiss. I wrapped my arms around his back and dug into his shoulders as he kissed my neck. My ni**les tingled and I could feel myself getting wet every time my tongue touched his.

Ty took a hand and shoved everything off of our dresser to sit me on it. He backed away and walked out of his pants before kissing me again. I bit down on his bottom lip and pulled it away from his face. When I knew it hurt him, I let go.

He pushed my head back against the wall and dove into my chest, caressing one breast with his hand while his mouth was all over the other one. I pushed him away from me with my feet and started rubbing myself while he watched. Each time he tried to touch me, I put my legs up to block him. "Sit on the bed."

He cocked his eyebrow. "No f**king way, I need to touch you."

I rubbed myself harder and began stroking my breast with my free hand. "I want you to watch me. Back away slowly and tell me how much you like it."

He bit down on his lip but moved slowly back to the bed. "This is torture."

"Stroke yourself." I wet my finger and rubbed it over my nipple as my husband took his hard c**k into his hand. He wanted to close his eyes, but fought to watch me. "What's next, Babe?"

He licked his lips and from where his eyes were focused I knew he was looking between my legs. He could barely speak, he was already so worked up. "Does it feel good?"

I rubbed faster, looking down at what I was doing. Poor Ty stopped moving his hand and just stared at what I was doing. "It feels so good."

"I bet it tastes so good."

I backed my body up onto the dresser and brought one leg up. Slowly I brought my finger to my mouth and licked it.

"Fuck this shit!" Ty came at me before I could argue. He picked me up off the dresser and threw me onto the bed. His mouth found mine, but only for a couple of seconds. "I can taste your pu**y on your lips."

"Oh yeah, you like that shit?"

"You know I do." He grabbed me by the waist and turned me over on my stomach before pulling me down over the edge of the bed, so my legs were touching the floor. I felt a hard slap on my ass and then him rubbing where the pain was setting in. Ty ran his hands up the center of my back and grabbed onto my shoulder. "I'm going to f**k you so hard you won't be able to walk."

I reached between my legs and made contact with his balls as he moved his hard c**k all over the base to my ass. Then he slid it down and slapped it on my pu**y, making me cry out. "Please, Ty." I climbed back onto the bed, but only to put my ass up in the air more. Ty loved when I was face down and ass up. He reached between my legs and shoved two fingers deep inside of me. I started rocking back and forth against his fingers.

"Is this what you want?" He leaned down and whispered into my hair.

"No! You know what I want. Babe. Please." He removed his fingers and drove himself into me as far as it would go. I cried out and lost my balance, falling face first onto the bed. He climbed on the bed behind me, never letting himself fall completely out of me. Ty pulled at my waist and thrusted himself harder and harder, making loud slapping sounds. "How's it feel, Baby?"

"More, Ty. Please don't stop."

He stopped and flipped me over. "I need to look at you while I'm pounding this pu**y." I bit down on my lip and pulled my legs up above my head. He loved it and it made me come faster than any other position. "That's what I'm talking about." He slammed back inside of me as he held my legs up close to his face. He reached for me to kiss him, so I pulled my legs even further back as I leaned in to touch his perfect lips. I scrunched up my face and gritted my teeth as Ty pumped his hard c**k in and out of me so fast I was about to pass out. "Oh shit, Baby, I can't hold it."

My stomach filled with butterflies and I could feel my muscles down there pushing him out as he began to make his faces and freeze in place. Finally, as he was bringing my legs back down at his sides, we heard our daughter and we both froze.

"Daddy, why are you naked and holding Mommy's legs?"

Oh Mother f**king Hell!

The look on Ty's face was something I will never forget. His eyes got so big and he stood straight up, to prevent our daughter from seeing me. From where she was standing all she could see was the back of her father. He picked up a towel off the bed and turned around to face our very shocked daughter. "Izzy, Daddy is getting changed. Go back out there with your uncle right now."

"Mommy's naked too."

While I pulled the covers over my body, Ty sat down on the edge of the bed with a towel covering him. He shook his head and put it down to the floor. I laid back down and put a pillow over my very embarrassed head. "Screw this. Izzy, the truth is that Mommy and Daddy were having hot sex."

I kicked his dumb ass off the bed. When he hit the floor I heard him laughing. I sat up to find our daughter wasn't even in the room.

"I can't believe you fell for that. Do you really think I want my daughter to know what she walked in to?" he climbed back in bed and got under the covers.

"She saw you naked."

He shrugged. "Being that my dick was buried inside of my wife, I know all she saw was my ass. Everybody has an ass, Miranda. Not everyone's is as nice as yours, but we all have one."

So our sexcapade was cut short by our daughter coming into the room. It also lacked cuddle time and another second alone. Ty got up and went right out to start cooking dinner. By the time I got dressed and regained composure, Two pizzas were in the oven. Conner, obviously knowing what we did, busting into a laughing fit as I walked into the kitchen.

Ty leaned against the counter and laughed too. "Baby, you just did the walk of shame."

I put my hands on my hips. "So did you."

Ty shook his head and reached his arms around me. "Nah, I just tapped the hottest ass on earth."

"Ya'll are sick. Can we eat dinner without it bein' all tainted."

My brother was still sitting at the table, so I walked right over to him and wrapped my arms around his neck. "I love you."

"Get your hands off of me. You smell like sex and after listening to you two for the past half hour, you're lucky I waited to send your daughter in after the moanin' stopped."

I smacked the back of his head. "You stupid ass. She saw Ty naked." Conner shook his head, while I looked to Ty for help. "Are you going to say somethin'?"

"I quit my job today."

That was not what I expected him to say. "You what?"

He shrugged and grabbed me by the waist. "I gave my notice yesterday. The farm is doing awesome and Conner and I have more work than he can handle alone. Harvey and my dad are getting old, so it's time I take things on full time." I was totally in shock. I guess I just never thought he would do it. "Say something."

"When is your last day?" It was all I could think of.

"It's supposed to be next week, but the boss said I can go ahead and start getting my shit out of there. His brother in law lost his job, so he's just going to take my spot." He grabbed my hands and kissed them. "Baby, that's why I want you to stay home. I want to be able to have lunch with my wife every day. I want to be able to stop in and see you if I get free moments. I don't want you to have to ask for days off. You have your own clients, you can cut their hair here if you want."

"You're goin' to get sick of seein' me all the time."

Ty looked me right in the eye. He brought his lips to my forehead and kept them there. "There is no way I could ever get tired of seeing my beautiful wife. If I haven't proved myself to be a devoted husband and father then I don't know what else to do but spend every moment giving you everything your little heart desires. I love our life, Miranda."

I was so happy. My family was healthy, my children were perfect and I had the best husband anyone could ever want. I wrapped my arms around my husband and knew this was just the beginning of something wonderful. "I love you too, Ty."

Chapter 32

Miranda

I hated hearing what Conner did, but his story took away every ounce of pain that was in my heart. My husband was telling truth. He'd never strayed and I owed him a huge apology. Of course, Ty was so overwhelmed with his own happiness that we ended up in the bedroom. I'm kind of glad Conner was still at the table, but knowing my husband, he would have started f**king me right there.

We no sooner made it into our bedroom when our clothes started ripping off, and when I say ripping, I mean they were trashed. Our kisses were aggressive and so was Ty. He picked me up and shoved me into the wall, sending two pictures crashing to the floor, while never breaking our tongue filled kiss. I wrapped my arms around his back and dug into his shoulders as he kissed my neck. My ni**les tingled and I could feel myself getting wet every time my tongue touched his.

Ty took a hand and shoved everything off of our dresser to sit me on it. He backed away and walked out of his pants before kissing me again. I bit down on his bottom lip and pulled it away from his face. When I knew it hurt him, I let go.

He pushed my head back against the wall and dove into my chest, caressing one breast with his hand while his mouth was all over the other one. I pushed him away from me with my feet and started rubbing myself while he watched. Each time he tried to touch me, I put my legs up to block him. "Sit on the bed."

He cocked his eyebrow. "No f**king way, I need to touch you."

I rubbed myself harder and began stroking my breast with my free hand. "I want you to watch me. Back away slowly and tell me how much you like it."

He bit down on his lip but moved slowly back to the bed. "This is torture."

"Stroke yourself." I wet my finger and rubbed it over my nipple as my husband took his hard c**k into his hand. He wanted to close his eyes, but fought to watch me. "What's next, Babe?"

He licked his lips and from where his eyes were focused I knew he was looking between my legs. He could barely speak, he was already so worked up. "Does it feel good?"

I rubbed faster, looking down at what I was doing. Poor Ty stopped moving his hand and just stared at what I was doing. "It feels so good."

"I bet it tastes so good."

I backed my body up onto the dresser and brought one leg up. Slowly I brought my finger to my mouth and licked it.

"Fuck this shit!" Ty came at me before I could argue. He picked me up off the dresser and threw me onto the bed. His mouth found mine, but only for a couple of seconds. "I can taste your pu**y on your lips."

"Oh yeah, you like that shit?"

"You know I do." He grabbed me by the waist and turned me over on my stomach before pulling me down over the edge of the bed, so my legs were touching the floor. I felt a hard slap on my ass and then him rubbing where the pain was setting in. Ty ran his hands up the center of my back and grabbed onto my shoulder. "I'm going to f**k you so hard you won't be able to walk."

I reached between my legs and made contact with his balls as he moved his hard c**k all over the base to my ass. Then he slid it down and slapped it on my pu**y, making me cry out. "Please, Ty." I climbed back onto the bed, but only to put my ass up in the air more. Ty loved when I was face down and ass up. He reached between my legs and shoved two fingers deep inside of me. I started rocking back and forth against his fingers.

"Is this what you want?" He leaned down and whispered into my hair.

"No! You know what I want. Babe. Please." He removed his fingers and drove himself into me as far as it would go. I cried out and lost my balance, falling face first onto the bed. He climbed on the bed behind me, never letting himself fall completely out of me. Ty pulled at my waist and thrusted himself harder and harder, making loud slapping sounds. "How's it feel, Baby?"

"More, Ty. Please don't stop."

He stopped and flipped me over. "I need to look at you while I'm pounding this pu**y." I bit down on my lip and pulled my legs up above my head. He loved it and it made me come faster than any other position. "That's what I'm talking about." He slammed back inside of me as he held my legs up close to his face. He reached for me to kiss him, so I pulled my legs even further back as I leaned in to touch his perfect lips. I scrunched up my face and gritted my teeth as Ty pumped his hard c**k in and out of me so fast I was about to pass out. "Oh shit, Baby, I can't hold it."

My stomach filled with butterflies and I could feel my muscles down there pushing him out as he began to make his faces and freeze in place. Finally, as he was bringing my legs back down at his sides, we heard our daughter and we both froze.

"Daddy, why are you naked and holding Mommy's legs?"

Oh Mother f**king Hell!

The look on Ty's face was something I will never forget. His eyes got so big and he stood straight up, to prevent our daughter from seeing me. From where she was standing all she could see was the back of her father. He picked up a towel off the bed and turned around to face our very shocked daughter. "Izzy, Daddy is getting changed. Go back out there with your uncle right now."

"Mommy's naked too."

While I pulled the covers over my body, Ty sat down on the edge of the bed with a towel covering him. He shook his head and put it down to the floor. I laid back down and put a pillow over my very embarrassed head. "Screw this. Izzy, the truth is that Mommy and Daddy were having hot sex."

I kicked his dumb ass off the bed. When he hit the floor I heard him laughing. I sat up to find our daughter wasn't even in the room.

"I can't believe you fell for that. Do you really think I want my daughter to know what she walked in to?" he climbed back in bed and got under the covers.

"She saw you naked."

He shrugged. "Being that my dick was buried inside of my wife, I know all she saw was my ass. Everybody has an ass, Miranda. Not everyone's is as nice as yours, but we all have one."

So our sexcapade was cut short by our daughter coming into the room. It also lacked cuddle time and another second alone. Ty got up and went right out to start cooking dinner. By the time I got dressed and regained composure, Two pizzas were in the oven. Conner, obviously knowing what we did, busting into a laughing fit as I walked into the kitchen.

Ty leaned against the counter and laughed too. "Baby, you just did the walk of shame."

I put my hands on my hips. "So did you."

Ty shook his head and reached his arms around me. "Nah, I just tapped the hottest ass on earth."

"Ya'll are sick. Can we eat dinner without it bein' all tainted."

My brother was still sitting at the table, so I walked right over to him and wrapped my arms around his neck. "I love you."

"Get your hands off of me. You smell like sex and after listening to you two for the past half hour, you're lucky I waited to send your daughter in after the moanin' stopped."

I smacked the back of his head. "You stupid ass. She saw Ty naked." Conner shook head, while I looked to Ty for help. "Are you going to say somethin'?"

"I quit my job today."

That was not what I expected him to say. "You what?"

He shrugged and grabbed me by the waist. "I gave my notice yesterday. The farm is doing awesome and Conner and I have more work than he can handle alone. Harvey and my dad are getting old, so it's time I take things on full time." I was totally in shock. I guess I just never thought he would do it. "Say something."

"When is your last day?" It was all I could think of.

"It was supposed to be next week, but the boss said I can go ahead and started getting my shit out of there. His brother in law lost his job, so he's just going to take my spot." He grabbed my hands and kissed them. "Baby, that's why I want you to stay home. I want to be able to have lunch with my wife every day. I want to be able to stop in and see you if I get free moments. I don't want you to have to ask for days off. You have your own clients, you can cut their hair here if you want."

"You're goin' to get sick of seein' me all the time."

Ty looked me right in the eye. He brought his lips to my forehead and kept them there. "There is no way I could ever get tired of seeing my beautiful wife. If I haven't proved myself to be a devoted husband and father then I don't know what else to do but spend every moment giving you everything your little heart desires. I love our life, Miranda."

I was so happy. My family was healthy, my children were perfect and I had the best husband anyone could ever want. I wrapped my arms around my husband and knew this was just the beginning of something wonderful. "I love you too, Ty."

Epilogue

Ty

"Wake up birthday girl." Izzy rolled over and wiped her little eyes.

Miranda begged me to wait until everyone showed up for her party at noon, but I wanted to give her my present when it was just us. She leaned against the door, laughing at me trying to wake up our very sleepy daughter.

Noah had spent the night, but was still asleep on the couch. We made sure not to wake him as we walked past to get to our daughter's room.

"Hi, Daddy." She sat up and rubbed her eyes.

"Princess, Daddy wants to give you something special before everyone gets here. Are you ready to open it?"

Izzy climbed over on my lap and gave me her best efforts at a smile. I handed her the little box with a bow on top and couldn't contain the smile on my face. I looked up at Miranda, who was winking at me. She'd gone with me to pick out the perfect present for our daughter, but when I saw this particular gift, I knew I had to get it for her. She opened the little box and pulled out the tiny gold chain that held the personalized heart charm on it.

Izzy had been asking for big girl jewelry like her mother wore. The little charm said Daddy's Little Girl on the front, but on the back I had it inscribed.

Isabella Mitchell

She gave me a big smile as she held it up to me. "Put it on, Daddy."

"Do you like it?" Miranda came and sat on the opposite side of Iz.

Izzy nodded her head. "Now I have real jewelry like you, Mommy."

I was reaching around her neck and hooking the clasp. "It says 'Daddy's Little Girl', because that's what you are."

She giggled, "I know." She looked down and grabbed the necklace so she could look at the charm. "It says my name too.

"It's the only necklace in the whole world that says your name on it. Daddy wanted you to know how special you are to him."

I wrapped my arms around her little waist and kissed her on the cheek. "The day you were born was one of the happiest days of Daddy's life. I just can't believe it was five years ago."

She rolled her little eyes. "I know, Daddy."

I started tickling her. "I just don't want you to ever forget it, silly girl."

When Noah came running into the room, we knew it was time to start getting the house ready for the party. Colt and Van were at her parents, but everyone else was staying at my parents. It was only a matter of time before they all started showing up.

Our daughter was going to be spoiled with gifts in just a short while and my wife was running around like a chicken with her head cut off, trying to have the house perfect. The twins were finally starting to be in a good enough routine where she could get things done while they napped. Of course, sometimes she took a nap with them.

I was really looking forward to spending my life working on the family farm and being able to spend more time with my kids. The boys were starting to smile when I talked to them and I loved watching them grow every single day.

Izzy came out of her room dressed in a tutu with some glittery shirt. She looked ridiculous, but was proud of her outfit. "Daddy, do you like my birthday outfit?"

Miranda came out of the room behind her. She lifted her eyebrows when she saw the look on my face. "Mommy bought that for you?"

"Yep!" she twirled around, causing the skirt to fly up.

Before I could even comment, Miranda approached me. "Tell her how pretty she looks," she said quietly.

I put my face into her hair next to her ear. "She looks ridiculous, Baby. Please tell me you didn't pick that out."

She pulled away and laughed. "Bella picked that out herself. I think she did a great job." She said it loud enough that Iz could hear. She got a big smile on her face as she continued twirling around.

I leaned down and kissed my daughter. "You look pretty in anything you wear, Sweetie."

I saw Conner walking in the house and seeing Izzy's outfit for the first time. He looked as shocked as I did. I walked past him into the kitchen. He kept looking at her in the multi-pink colored tutu and bright green glitter shirt. "Don't ask."

He laughed and leaned against the counter. "It's your kid. Anywhoo, I got the surprise in the barn, so let me know when it's time and I will bring it in."

"Sounds good, Bro, thanks."

The family showed up a little while later and the house filled with chaos. The twins were in rare form and crying every time someone tried to hold them. Christian was trying to walk all over the place, even though she didn't have it mastered yet.

All of the sudden a loud scream was coming from the bedroom. Izzy came running out crying her eyes out. "Mommy!"

Miranda was feeding Jake and gave me that look where I needed to get my ass up and attend to the kids or I was getting cut off for a week. I sat down my beer and rolled my eyes as I walked away from Colt and Conner. I could hear them making fake whip sounds as I headed in the direction of my daughter. I held up the middle finger behind my back as I walked.

"What's wrong, Iz?"

"Noah pinched me." She screamed at the top of her lungs and pointed to her red-face cousin.

I could hear Colt across the room. "Noah, get your little butt over here right now!"

"Why did Noah pinch you?" She obviously made him mad about something.

She was still dramatically crying. "I don't know."

Colt grabbed my nephew by his shirt collar and drug him over to me and Iz. "Tell her you're sorry."

Noah put his head down and I could tell he was pretty scared of his dad. "Sorry, Bells."

I nudged Noah and made him look at me. "Why'd you pinch her?"

"Cause she said that I smelled like a turd."

Colt and I let out a cackle. "A turd? Iz, did you say that?"

She shrugged her shoulders and started twirling around again. Van squatted down in front of them. She held up her damn fancy ass camera. "Let's hug and makeup."

Colt and I rolled our eyes and got up to leave her with the two trouble makers. Once we got back in the kitchen, we found Conner talking to Amy. They moved away from each other as we approached. Colt cocked his eyebrow but said nothing, until Amy walked away. "You got it bad."

"I ain't got shit." Conner sat down and attempted to not look as Amy sat down next to Miranda.

"Yeah, you keep telling yourself that. Don't let your sister catch you. I had to threaten to spank her if she said anything to Amy today, but I have to warn you, I think she wants me to spank her anyway. I guess I should have threatened her with something she doesn't enjoy so much.

I heard the two guys make comments under their breath and started laughing myself. Izzy sat down on the floor and started opening her presents. Of course, she opened the largest boxes first, because she was a kid and thought the best presents were in the largest packages.

The whole family had coordinated her gifts this year. She wanted one of those dolls that looked like her. My family took that as a go ahead to buy her every single thing that you could buy that went with the doll. After all of the boxes were open, she had the doll, a friend for her doll, a giant dollhouse, with a bedroom suite, a living room, a bathroom and a salon. She also got a horse for both dolls and a scooter. Even Noah was excited and they immediately began playing.

We were still having a party for her friends at school, but our family wanted something separate and that was fine by me.

I nudged Colt. "Look, your son is playing with dolls. You better make sure he doesn't go home and try on tutus."

"Shut up, idiot. They are just kids."

"Yeah, you keep telling yourself that."

Christian had held on to everything she could to reach her father. Colt picked her up onto his lap and kissed her little face. "Here's my favorite girl."

I watched him giving her his best baby voice. "You made fun of me for the way I was with my daughter. Now I think you actually get it."

Colt played with his daughter's little dress. "Yeah, I get it."

"I have to say, our lives are pretty perfect." It was the truth. My wife and children made every single day unforgettable. I looked over at Miranda and caught her winking at me. I sat there mesmerized with her; until I realized she was giving me the signal to bring in Izzy's other gift. I held my hand up and flagged down Conner. He ran outside and within two minutes the room filled with my daughter screaming again, except this time, she was excited.

A little chocolate lab puppy was being carried in by her uncle. I walked over to where Miranda sat as he bought the puppy to me. "Izzy, this is your other present from me and Mommy. You have to name her and promise to help Daddy train her."

She grabbed the poor puppy and hugged it way too tight. Everyone in the room thought it was the cutest thing. "Can she sleep in my bed?"

Miranda giggled. "After she is potty trained."

Izzy looked at me. "How do we teach her to go in the toilet?"

Everyone in the room laughed. "She has to go outside, Sweetie. Doggies potty outside."

"But what if it's raining?" She looked up at me like I was the freaking Wizard of Oz and had all the answers.

"They still go outside."

"But what if it's too cold?"

"Iz, just think of a name and don't worry about that right now. How about you take your puppy out front with Noah." I had to get her to stop asking her normal fifty million questions. Our family had come along way and I knew that was the last thing they wanted to hear.

I watched her and Noah carrying the puppy outside. In five minutes they would be back inside asking if they could take it for a ride on the tractor or something ridiculous. The two of them together spelled trouble.

My mother in law stood up and grabbed John's hand. "I'm getting married!"

Miranda put her hand over her mouth before congratulating her mother. Everyone took turns shaking John's hand and hugging Karen. The room was filled with voices, but one thing I noticed was that Conner was missing and so was Amy.

Before I could mention something to Miranda and get him back for having our daughter walk in on us, Colt cleared his voice. He held up a beer in the air. "Welcome to the family, John."

Van walked over to Colt and looked around the room. "Oh and I'm pregnant again!"

The room immediately got quiet. Colt and Van just stood there, with big smiles on their faces.

I smacked Colt on the back and held up my beer. "Here's to sleepless nights and a house full of c**k blocks."

As the family began to celebrate both an engagement and a new pregnancy, I pulled my wife into the hallway. She wrapped her arms around my neck and I gently pressed her against the wall. She slowly brought her lips up to mine and held them there. "Are you thinking what I'm thinking?"

Sex?

"I don't know? Are you thinking about going into the bathroom and giving me head?"

She smacked my chest. "No!"

I ran my fingers over her soft lips. "I'm just kidding. I know what you're thinking and as soon as everyone leaves, I will give you whatever you want."

She kissed me one more time. "I hope I don't have too wait long."

"We could go into the bathroom and have an oral conversation while we wait." Miranda and I peeked around the corner and noticed that our boys were being held and nobody was looking for us. I felt my wife tugging my arm and before I knew it the bathroom door was closing behind us.

