Chapter 1

Skylar

"Are you seeing what I'm seeing, Sky? This is the guy that you think you're going to grow old with? You should be glad people sent these pictures."

"I don't understand why. How could he do this to me? What did I ever do to deserve this?" My eyes were burning from the amount of crying I'd been doing. It was still a blur, seeing the pictures and coming to the realization that everything I'd believed about my happy relationship had been a lie.

I'd looked at my cell phone at least ten times. Somehow, I wanted to believe that these were fake pictures. If three people hadn't forwarded them over, I may have been more forgiving with his explanation.

"He did it because he thinks with his dick. This has nothing to do with something you did. The guy is a prick and you need to get that through your head."

I wanted to hate the things she was saying about my boyfriend, but I knew they were true. He'd cheated on me in the worst way possible.

Right under my nose, for everyone on campus to see.

I just didn't understand how he could do it. We were juniors in college. One more year to go and we had our whole future planned out. I thought his years of screwing around were over.

I guess I was wrong.

I would have liked to be able to think that there was some way I could forgive him. We spent the last couple years planning a lifetime together. Now it had all turned to shit. It took one keg of beer and a sorority of little sluts to ruin our relationship.

Since I went to college out of state, the first thing I wanted to do was drive home. I called my best friends from high school and they talked me off the ledge, per se. I mean, I wasn't going to hang myself or take a bottle of pills. I did, however, consider killing him, by ripping off his dick and hanging it on a flagpole for the whole campus to see.

Truth be told, we'd done our share of fighting which would always start at parties and become the entertainment everyone talked about the next week. I guess what kept us in the spotlight, was the fact that my boyfriend was the captain of the soccer team. His wavy blonde hair and bright blue eyes, combined with his perfect physique made all the girls chase after him. Apparently, my leash wasn't as tight as I thought it was. All it took was one night of me having to work late for him to whip out his dick and give it to whoever wanted it.

I peeked at the pictures one more time then threw my phone down on the bed. I don't know why I kept looking. The images were seared into my mind, especially the one where there were two skanks with him, on his bed, naked. One of them was blowing him, while the other was feeding him her pu**y. I recognized the bedding and the poster of Vegas at night that we'd bought together while vacationing there. On the nightstand was his watch that my parents had given him for Christmas. There was no mistake about it.

I wanted to gag.

Who took the pictures wasn't relevant anymore. Whether they were trying to start problems or genuinely wanted me to know the truth didn't matter. My heart was crushed, not to mention, I was totally embarrassed. I needed to get as far away from Mack Ritter as possible.

My roommate did her best to comfort me in such a devastating situation. She convinced me that I needed to get the hell away from this place and from Mack. After much consideration, I decided she was right. Sitting in my room crying wasn't helping me at all. I needed a diversion, not a reminder.

While making phone calls and messaging my friends back in my hometown, I learned that they were all getting together for a road trip out of state and heading to the beach. It didn't take me but a second to decide that it was exactly where I needed to go to get my mind off of my cheating, now ex-boyfriend.

I needed to get drunk enough to forget what my heart was going through.

It took me about ten minutes to pack up the little car that my dad had given me the day I got my license. I had to admit, the sixteen year old Honda Accord was on its last leg. The passenger door had no handle and the radio hung out of the dashboard and was missing the volume knob. Every time a good song came on, I had to take a pair of pliers to turn it up.

My father sent money for me to change the oil, which I only did sometimes. If we were low on beer money, the oil changes had to wait, because paying for the weekend entertainment was always a first priority.

Still, it was going to make it to the beach. My car had never let me down yet.

I'd been on the road for about three hours, my windows were down and I had the music blaring. When I say music, I mean one song. There was no way that I could hear all of the songs that played on the regular radio; most were about love and shit. I wanted to listen to songs about hating your ex.

Goodbye Earl, it was!

My friends would have told me I was losing my mind. Listening to one song repeatedly was definitely a sign that I was going insane, except I didn't care what they thought. Obviously, they'd never experienced what it felt like to be cheated on and have wished for someone's untimely death.

At any rate, being angry kept me from being an overemotional wreck.

A road sign whipped passed me. The beach was still a hundred miles away. The sun was beating down on my car as I drove, making it hotter than Hell since I had no AC to fall back on.

My last bottle of water was down to the final ring and I hadn't seen any stores on the old empty road for over an hour. I wasn't worried. A store was bound to pop up soon. I still had a half tank of gas, so I could last until I needed to fill up again.

Being the person that I was, I had to know what my friends were doing. While I was driving, I called them. Yes, it's against the law, but to be fair, I hadn't seen another car in a good half an hour. Driving through, what could have been the inspiration for Children of the Corn, I felt like I was in some horror movie where radioactive chemicals caused humans to turn into cannibals.

I watch too many movies, apparently. Come on, those deformed people would have been no match for little kids with freaky powers.

While still dialing, I looked up and spotted a damn fox crossing the road. It shocked me, causing me to swerve and go careening into the dirt shoulder. My car spun around before stopping in the middle of a wheat field.

I was so shaken up; I had to catch my breath before I could assess the damage. Thinking that the fox must have had rabies to be out in the blazing sun, I was afraid to get out of the car. It took me ten minutes to gather the courage to open the door.

Aside from my car being covered in wheat, it didn't have any physical damage. I got back in and attempted to get the car turned around to get back on the road. Except, the car wouldn't start. At all!

I kept turning the key, with no result.

After slamming my hands against the steering wheel until I was in physical pain, I searched for my phone. It had been flung around somewhere inside my car. Once I found it, I realized that I had no signal.

"Fuck my life!"

Once I'd considered that the fox wasn't out there somewhere waiting to give me rabies, I grabbed my purse, phone and my keys and started to walk out to the road to try and find enough of a signal to make a call.

I thought it would be easy. About a half mile later, while soaked in my own funky sweat, and seriously thinking about stripping down to my bra, I finally got one bar. Unfortunately, my phone still wouldn't connect. "Shit! How the hell do rednecks communicate?" I was so frustrated!

I didn't know what to do. Not a single car had passed by me and I was losing hope of getting to the beach. I'd made it halfway back to the car, when a pickup truck came into view. Without regard for my safety, I ran out into the road and started swinging my arms around.

The old, beat up red truck pulled over as I ran up to it.

A wrinkly elderly man, who looked like he hadn't seen a bath in months, rolled down his window. "You lost?"

"Hello, sir. My car broke down a little ways down the road. Do you think you could call a tow truck for me? I can't get service out here."

He lit up a cigarette and blew smoke out of the window in my direction, while he looked down at my tits. I immediately felt uncomfortable and crossed my arms over my chest. I was so glad that I hadn't taken off my tank top.

"Why don't you get in and I'll take you to the shop. We can come get your car later."

I backed away from the truck. "No offense, but I don't know you."

He rolled his eyes and started to laugh. "Have it your way!" The engine revved and he pulled away from me, leaving me standing there in the hot sun.

What was I supposed to do? I wasn't about to climb into some stranger's vehicle!

A little while later, after I cried for more reasons than just my car, I heard the sound of an engine. Shockingly, I noticed the same pickup truck pulling over to the side of the road. I jumped into my hot car and locked the doors, feeling like he was there to rape and kill me.

It could happen!

By this time, I'd already sweated through my white tank top, revealing my pink polka-dotted bra. I rummaged through the clothes in the back seat, but came up with only two pair of shorts. After throwing them back behind me, I wiped off the increasing sweat from my chest and prayed that I wasn't about to die.

As the guy approached, I finally willed myself to look up, and I realized it wasn't the old man. This guy was built and he was hot.

"Do you want help, or not?" His voice was raspy and I noticed his perfect teeth hidden beneath his greasy, stubbly face.

I rolled down my window halfway. "My car won't start!"

He scratched his head and looked around. "Maybe it's because you drove it into a field."

Was he getting flip with me? "I was trying to avoid a fox that was in the road. Sue me for being a nice person."

He laughed and put his hands across his chest. "Yeah, we tend to carry old ladies groceries around here. If an animal's in the road it's called dinner."

I scrunched up my face. "Eww!"

He looked back at his truck.

"I ain't got all day. If you want help, I'm afraid this is all you're goin' to get."

His southern drawl was sexy as hell. If this was my last moment on earth, at least a good looker was going to end it for me. "What about a tow truck?"

"Look, the tow truck is gettin' new tires. I can take you back to the shop and come and get your car once the tires are on it."

I was still reluctant to trust someone that I didn't know. "Can't you just call someone else?"

He scratched his head and took the bottom of his t-shirt, pulling it up to wipe the sweat off of his face. While he was doing it, I stared at his rock hard abs that were about as perfect as abs could get. When his shirt dropped, so did my jaw, because he'd caught me looking. "See somethin' you like?"

"What?" I played dumb. "Gross! No! So, how about that call?"

He leaned on my car and got close to the half-opened window. "There's no other company to call. The next closest place is about seventy miles from here. If you start walkin' now, you could probably get to a payphone by tomorrow mornin'. If someone like you could survive a night alone out here, that is."

I put my finger on the electric window button. "I think I'll take my chances."

He started walking away, saying something under his breath as the window slowly closed. I was scared, but desperate. I wondered if I could get to town and jump out of the truck without being injured.

I figured he was just playing when he started walking away, but when I heard that old truck coming back to life, I began to panic. He was really going to leave me there, stranded.

I grabbed my things and went running toward the road. "Wait! Please!"

He leaned out of the truck to peer at me. The slightest smile formed in the corner of his lip. "Change your mind?"

I hated this guy.

I really hated him.

Ford

It was a hot summer and working with my alcoholic father made it unbearable at times. My good-old dad had managed to chase away my mother and drink himself into a stupor every night since. I can't remember one single day since I was a little kid, that my dad didn't have a can of beer in his hand. He'd even shown up at my graduation half -lit.

I couldn't blame him for giving up after what our family had gone through in the past year. Losing someone else ripped him to shreds. It was the reason that I had to come home. He couldn't handle things and the bank was threatening to take everything we owned, our business and our home, away from us.

Since I'd been back, every day had been the same. I did my job and crashed at night, thinking about my broken heart and the piece of it that was never going to be fixed. Losing a family member before they even had a chance at a life is a terrible thing. One day they were there and the next they were being put into the ground.

I half expected my father to give up on everything. For the first couple of weeks, while I moved my things back into the apartment, he was a mess. My aunt was the reason the man had food on the table to eat. She brought him something every day before going in to work at her restaurant. Being my father's only close sibling, I think she felt it was necessary to care for him, even when he refused to care for himself.

For me, it meant I was a constant babysitter. Hell, I'd given up my whole future to work at a rundown auto repair shop, all because I didn't want to lose another member of my family. College was something that I'd never finish. As the days passed, so did all of my hopes and dreams of getting out of this dead end town. No, I was going to be stuck here, every single day for the rest of my life. There was no way around it. As long as my father was alive, I had to do this for him. He may have been a loser, but he was all I had left. We hadn't heard from my mom in years and when we did, she had the nerve to ask us for money. My sister and I were just teenagers and she had the audacity to ask us for money so that she could satisfy her need. It started with opiates, but after time, it turned to heavier street drugs. The last I heard, she was staying at some crack house with a group of people just like her. It made me sick.

I don't even think she knew that she'd lost a child. It wasn't like any of us bothered to find her. Bringing her back into our lives wasn't an option. She was dead to me and my sister.

The emotional toll on my father knowing my mother left us to live that type of life was hard to watch. He drank to forget, or ease the pain of knowing, at least. Each day was the same. We'd head out to the shop when we felt like it and work on whatever was waiting for us in there. For the most part, we were repairing beat-up clunkers, because nobody in our little town could afford anything better.

Even working with my father didn't change the fact that we had nothing in common and even less to talk about. By noon he was already sucking down his beers while I continued working so I could get the hell away from him.

When he left to pick up payment from a local farmer and came back talking about some hot piece of ass on the side of the road, I immediately became interested. It wasn't like I wanted to be involved with anyone. Since I'd come home, I'd pushed my ex to the side, telling her that I needed time to get over my loss. She fought with me about coming home and killing my future of becoming something more than an auto mechanic. She didn't get it. Her family was still perfect and she had enough money to never worry about losing everything, like we did.

My dad tossed me the keys. "I got a job for you."

"Did Wilber refuse to pay again?" We'd been chasing him around for weeks.

"Nah. There's this pretty little thing stranded on the side of the road. She ain't from around here, that's for sure. Anyhow, I'm thinkin' that if you got laid, you'd stop bein' such a dick."

"How I act is none of your business, old man. How would you know if I've had a piece of ass lately? If you saw her, why didn't you just help her yourself?"

He took a sip of a fresh beer that he'd just cracked open. "She refused my help and a father knows when his son is deprived."

"That's her damn fault. I'm not about to waste my time, and I ain't gettin' into this with you. Who I screw is none of your damn business. Just be glad I'm here, helpin' you keep this hell-hole goin'."

He chuckled and started walking away. "Twenty bucks says she'll get right in the truck with you." Obviously everything I said meant nothing to him.

I laughed and shook my head. "Seriously? You're bettin' me money to help someone that doesn't want to be helped?"

He pointed to the truck. "Boy, when I was your age, I could hit anything I wanted. Don't act like you aren't the same way. You and I both know that there ain't one person that's goin' to be able to help her but us. Go pick up the hard head and I'll tow her car once I get these tires on. In the meantime, maybe you can get that head of yours right. You mopin' around is gettin' old. Go get some pu**y."

I threw my hands in the air. I wasn't interested in f**king around with some strange chick. For all I knew she was married with children and he was just being lazy like usual. "Fine! Maybe you should stop worryin' about me and get your own shit together. You ain't got room to talk."

The twenty bucks wasn't a big deal, nor was helping some snotty little bitch. I'd dealt with enough of them while I was away. If I had to find one good thing about being home, it would have been the fact that I didn't have to deal with that drama anymore.

When I got down the road it wasn't hard to spot the damsel in distress. She'd managed to drive her car into a field. Women drivers kept us in business. I grabbed my pack of smokes, tossing them on the dash and started walking into the field.

At first, I thought that hooking up with some strange chick that I'd rescued from the side of the road was ludicrous, until I saw her for the first time. Then I began to think that maybe my dad was right. Maybe I did need a break from reality. My dick started making the decisions the moment I approached her car. I knew, if I could pull off something like this, I wouldn't be thinking about my depressing existence.

When my dad had described this chick, he didn't do her justice. As soon as I saw her with those perky tits and her full lips, I saw a good opportunity to forget about my problems. I could only see her from the waist up, since she was still in her car. Her tight top made her tits pop and I could see how my father would think that giving her a good time would be an awesome distraction for me.

That rocking body of hers made me forget about fixing her car. All I wanted was a piece of that, and she would be begging for me to take her. All I had to do was play my cards right and make her want me; then she'd be spreading those pretty thighs wide open.

Maybe it made me an ass**le to think I could get her, but a night with someone like her was well worth the chance of being called any name in the book. She didn't need to know my reasoning, or what I was trying to forget. None of that was her business. When her car was fixed, she could go on her merry way and forget she had ever met me. It was the best scenario for both of us, because I was the last person in the world to get involved with.

All I had to do to get her attention was pretend I was leaving. In just seconds she was flailing her little arms and running towards my truck. It was hard not to laugh, because in a matter of minutes, I'd already had her right where I wanted her.

Chapter 2

Skylar

The truck smelled like motor oil and funk and I hated the idea of putting my duffle bag down on the floor on account of it getting soiled with some unknown nastiness. The stranger reached in front of me, startling me. As I gasped, he laughed and grabbed the pack of Marlboro Reds off of the dash. He put one in his mouth and lit it up, blowing the smoke out the window.

"You know that's bad for you." Underneath the layer of grease that covered his skin and clothes, he looked to be about my age. His arms were covered in tattoos and his forearms were well defined. It appeared he'd been turning wrenches for a long time.

He reached the box in my direction. "So do you want one, or not?"

I brought my knees up to my chest and gave him a dirty look, while letting the breeze come in through the window to cool me off. "How much longer 'til we get there?"

"Soon enough."

I looked over and saw him eyeing up my legs, so I put them down and placed my hands over my skin where my shorts rode up my thighs.

Why did guys have to be such pigs?

"So, what's your name?"

"Ford."

"Is that your last name?"

He laughed. "Nope, it's my first name. My dad likes cars, so I was named after one."

"Is your sister named Mercedes?"

He pulled the truck over, making a sharp turn and sent me tumbling to his side of the vehicle. My head was in his lap; as I sat up to regain composure, I saw him hold on tightly to the steering wheel, looking forward and breathing heavily. "My sister died last year. Her name was Harley."

I shimmied myself back to the edge of the passenger seat. "I'm sorry."

He shook his head. "Yeah, me too."

When he finally started driving again, I didn't know what to say. I mean, I didn't know this guy. I surely didn't want to hang out and be his friend. I just wanted to get to the beach, meet some hot guys and party with them. I was glad when we pulled up at the garage so I didn't have to be alone in that truck with him any longer.

I'd no sooner jumped out of the old hunk of junk when the creepy man came walking out the bay doors. "I knew you'd change your mind. Ford has a way with the ladies."

Ford lit up another cigarette and just shook his head as he walked by me. "The phone's in here if you want to make a call."

The office was a complete mess. The phone was an old rotary, caked with so much grease that I was afraid to touch it. Ford stood in the doorway watching me. "Do you mind?"

He held up his hands and walked back outside. I dialed my friend Lacey, to let her know I was okay.

"Hello?"

"Oh my God where the f**k are you? The Mojitos are waiting."

"My car broke down. I'm in some hick town off Route one-thirteen."

"Oh shit! Are you still coming? You should see these guys shirtless. You're going to forget all about that douche bag."

"I am trying to get there. I just need to have my car towed and see what needs to be done to it. I guess I need to find a hotel to stay in for the night. The cell service sucks here so I'll call when I'm on the way."

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. This guy picked me up and gave me a ride to his repair shop."

"A guy? Is he hot? You know mechanics get all hot and dirty, not to mention they're great with their hands. I used to imagine wearing one of their button down shirts and walking around with it open in front of them. You should definitely try it, if he's hot."

"You're sick! I don't even know this guy!"

"Like you would know the guys here anymore? So, does that mean he's hot?"

"I haven't noticed!"

"You are a big fat liar. Bitch, take advantage of the situation. You want to forget about the douche, well here is your opportunity. I think you should have a steaming hot affair. Give him everything you never gave Mack. Let the sexy out."

"I can't do that!"

"Sure you can. Fuck his brains out, Sky. Suck his dick. Do whatever you have to do to make him think you're the best lay he's ever had. I promise you'll feel better."

"Or, I will feel like a whore!"

"Live a little! Do you think I'd let you sulk if you were here right now? Hell no! Take all that heartache and channel your inner freak."

"Whatever! I'm not talking about this anymore."

"I want pictures of the hottie when you get here."

"I have to go. The boss needs to use the phone. I'll call when I can."

"Okay, doll. See you soon!"

It was a lie. Nobody needed to use the phone.

I saw the tow truck pulling out of the garage parking lot. Obviously, it had been fixed. Then I wondered if Ford had left me there with the creepy old man. We were in the middle of nowhere and there were no other buildings in sight, except a big farmhouse out in back of the property.

Ford came around the corner. "My dad went out to get your car. When he gets back, we'll take a look at it."

"Is there a hotel somewhere?"

He looked around and spit onto the ground. "Does this look like Beverly Hills?"

"No, it's more like the Bermuda Triangle."

"The bathroom's upstairs, Ms. Hills. Help yourself." He walked back into the garage, not offering to show me the way upstairs.

"Asshole!" I said under my breath as I began looking around.

The stairs weren't even accessible from the inside of the shop. I found them at the back of the building. After climbing each metal step, I came to a big, red steel door. It didn't seem like it would be for a bathroom, but maybe rednecks needed extra protection when they cleaned up. Who knew?

On the other side of the door, I found a whole apartment. A small kitchen was to the right. Straight ahead was a sleeper sofa that was made into a bed and at the other end of the place was the bathroom. I walked straight inside and sat my bag down.

As I looked in the mirror and started cleaning off my face, I heard the door open. I opened the bathroom door and peeked out to see Ford standing in front of the refrigerator cracking open a beer. He set it down and unbuttoned his shirt. Not only did he look sexy as hell in the white t-shirt underneath, but he got even hotter when he removed that too. His back was tattooed and his tanned skin looked like it was smooth to the touch. I don't know why I did it, but I licked my lips. He was so yummy standing there in all of his roughness.

My friends would have been going nuts over this guy. When he disappeared from my view, I found myself moving around to see more of the room, out of the crack in the door.

His deep, raspy voice caught me off guard. "Let me know if you need help in there. Here's a clean towel."

I backed away from the door, feeling more embarrassed than I'd ever been in my life. This guy had caught me checking him out again. What was I supposed to say? "Whatever!"

"Try not to use all the hot water. I need to get cleaned up myself." I looked him up and down, then watched him close the door as he walked away and out of the bathroom.

I leaned against the door, trying to catch my breath.

What the hell was wrong with me?

The shower felt so good and I was glad I had grabbed my bag out of the car, because it had all of my products in it. The fresh smell of my shampoo made me feel like I was back at home, but as soon as I turned off the water, I was reminded where I really was.

In some stranger's house.

Using his shower.

Standing in only a towel.

I brushed away the moisture off the mirror and looked at myself. It pissed me off that I'd been cheated on. Other guys were always hitting on me and I knew I looked hot. Just to make myself feel better, I dropped the towel. My body was still wet and under the light it shined, accentuating my tanned skin in all the right places. I ran my hands over my br**sts and felt my ni**les tingle immediately.

It had been two weeks since the breakup and I felt like I was going through withdrawals from not having sex. I wasn't a freak, but we all have needs. Maybe my needs were just greater than others.

While running my brush through my hair, I let my body air-dry. I'd just had my highlights redone and my natural brown locks had been transformed to blonde. I worked part time at a tanning salon, so my skin was always nice and brown. I was often asked if I was from Brazil, not that I looked anything like that model that married the quarterback.

I guess I hadn't considered that Ford was in a hurry, because as I was bent over to apply my makeup, the door flung open.

We were both speechless.

I reached down and grabbed the towel, but not fast enough for him to not catch a peek at everything I had. Instead of closing the door and backing himself out, he leaned back and just watched me scurrying around trying to cover all of my appendages. "Do you mind?"

"I've seen a naked chick before. It ain't like you're hidin' yourself." He didn't take his eyes off of me.

"Please get out?" I was beet red, waiting for him to leave, looking for something to cover up my nakedness.

"I really need to get a shower." He leaned over and turned on the water. "It is my place, you know."

I gathered my things, while still wrapped in the towel and started to run out of the bathroom, until I caught a glimpse of him taking off his pants. Once I saw his perfectly sculpted bare ass, I just froze. He grabbed the shower curtain and took a step in, then looked back at me. "Now we're even, I reckon." With a quick smile he disappeared behind the curtain.

I didn't know if I was more embarrassed or pissed. The longer I stewed, the more I began to have flashes of his naked body. I wondered if he was in the shower thinking of mine.

This was hardly the kind of guy that I would ever think of hooking up with. He lived in the middle of nowhere. His father gave me the creeps and he thought he was hot shit.

Okay, maybe he was fun to look at.

That's beside the point.

He was a stranger, and I was naked in his house.

Can you say stupid?

I hurried and got myself dressed, then put all of my stuff neatly back in the duffle bag. When he came out, I happened to be still sitting on his bed, which was technically also his couch.

He was wearing only a towel, and my jaw dropped when I looked at his glistening skin all cleaned up. His hair was disheveled and he rubbed away the wetness as he approached me. "There ain't any hotels around here, and your car won't get looked at until tomorrow mornin'. It's best if you just stay here tonight. I have somewhere I got to be, then I'll crash at my dad's." He dropped the towel with his back facing me and put on a pair of boxers, before turning around. "You may think I'm a dick, but I think I'm pretty f**kin' awesome."

He had the best ass that I've ever seen on a man. It was all I was thinking about.

I crossed my legs and focused on his face, knowing that if I looked at any other part of him, I'd be panting. "What if I want to leave?"

He pointed toward the door. "There's the door. Damn, I should have known you'd act like a stuck-up city girl. You're all the same! I was just tryin' to help you out, seein' as you ain't got nowhere else to go."

I stood up and walked over to him. "You don't know me."

He laughed. "I know you got into the car with a stranger because you thought I looked good."

I pushed him. "I got into your truck because you were the first person to come around for hours. I was hot and needed fresh water, before I dehydrated."

"My dad tried to help you. He came back to the garage bettin' me twenty bucks that you'd come home with me." He opened up his wallet and flashed a twenty. "It was even the same truck!"

"So what? He was old and I felt like he was creepy. He was staring at my tits. I can't believe you bet on my safety. You're such a dick!"

He laughed again. "Do you even hear yourself? He's a man. I'm a man. We like tits." He looked at my chest and ran his index finger over my shirt. I backed away, but was already feeling hot from it. "Especially ones that look like yours."

I stared at him, wondering if I should slap him or tell him that every time he spoke I felt like I was on fire. "I am not going to stand here and belittle myself by having this conversation. All I want to do is get my car fixed and get to the beach, so I can drown myself in liquor and forget about the last few years of my life. I will stay here tonight, because I have nobody else to come get me. If you touch me again, I will rip your dick off!"

He scratched his head and turned around, grabbing a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. It almost hurt to watch him cover up his body the way he was. "I ain't got time for this!"

He started to walk away. "'Wait! I'm hungry. Before you go out, can you tell me where the delivery menus are?"

He slipped on a pair of flip-flops, and I realized that not only did he look completely normal, but he was totally my type. Here I was, standing in this guy's place. Nobody knew where I was. I could do and say whatever I wanted and never have to think about my actions. Maybe my friend was right.

He grabbed his keys off the counter and turned to look at me. "You can come with me, if you want."

I reached for my purse, refusing to give myself extra time to ponder his offer. "Where are we going?"

"I have a date. Now, I'm being nice and includin' you, so don't f**k up my chances of gettin' laid by bein' stubborn. This chick is stacked in all the right places and I've waited a long time for a chance at somethin' like that."

I was quiet, wondering what that chick could have that was so amazing. Still, my stomach was empty and I needed to eat, so I followed him to his truck. When we walked up to a raised, brand new fancy pickup, I was totally impressed.

He had to help me climb in, due to the fact that it was raised so high off the ground. When he put his hands on my ass to boost me up, I wanted them to stay there. He smelled like cologne and I pictured what his skin smelled like under his clothes.

This was so bad.

Now I was getting into more trouble.

He climbed into the driver's side and started the ignition.

"Sky."

"Come again?" He looked over at me.

"My name is Sky. I just thought you might like to know."

He smiled and reached over, tracing the back of his hand over my cheek. I was shocked that he would just touch me without any regard to us being strangers, especially since I'd threatened to remove his appendage from his body.

"After tonight, Sky, you may never want to go home."

"Fat chance!" I rolled my eyes at his assumption.

Ford

My plan to f**k her was going better than expected. After she was practically drooling the moment we met, I knew it wouldn't take long until I had her begging. The more I picked on her, the more her little puppy eyes watched my every move.

At first, I let her walk that fine ass upstairs to explore the apartment. I may have been playing with her, but I didn't want to be a creep about it. She needed to feel comfortable if I was going to have a chance.

Could it all backfire?

Sure it could. There's a first time for everything.

After cleaning up the last of my tools, I made my way upstairs, knowing damn well where she'd be and what she'd be doing. It wasn't my fault that she left the door open, giving me just enough room to see every inch of her glistening body. The problem with seeing her naked was that my dick started to take control of my actions. I needed to do this right to assure this little thing was going to be in my bed, giving me anything I wanted, later on tonight.

The key to every woman's treasure was making her want something she shouldn't have. Since I'd already had dinner plans, it would be easy to manipulate things to my advantage.

Throughout the day, I'd received constant text messages from my ex. Her attempts at hooking up again were starting to annoy me. "No" meant "No". I wasn't going to change my mind. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt her; I just couldn't look at her without thinking about my sister. She'd invited her to that party and their friendship is what ultimately made her hang out with the wrong crowd and die way too soon. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't get past that. Harley was the most important person in my life and she was gone. There were no words that could heal my damaged heart. Nothing could bring her back. As much as I wanted to think I didn't need this reprieve, I knew I wanted it. I wanted one night where I didn't have to think about losing my sister.

Going into the bathroom while a naked stranger was already occupying it was a bold move. Sure, she could have slapped me or called the police, but I knew her phone had no service and that she'd been checking me out just as much as I'd been doing it to her. The attraction was mutual and I didn't need her to admit it.

My ex was a very attractive woman. She had full br**sts and a nice ass, but this girl was f**king perfect. Her hips were curvy and her long blonde hair fell down her chest accentuating her supple tits. I couldn't help but check her out before she freaked and left me in the shower to tend to my sudden predicament.

With each stroke of my hand, I thought about her standing in my bathroom naked. Then my mind went wild, imagining her bending over and letting me take it however I wanted it. I leaned against the shower as I came, closing my eyes and trying to focus on acting normal. I wasn't the type of guy to beat off to a complete stranger. Sure, I'd experienced with movies and magazines as a kid, but ever since I'd moved away, I'd had girls lined up wanting a piece whenever I snapped my fingers.

This chick was no different, even if she was afraid to admit it.

All I had to do was stay focused and keep my mind off of my sad life. If I could keep myself occupied, for even a little amount of time, it was worth it. I'd spent too many nights hating myself and missing my sister.

When I walked out of the bathroom, I got several hateful looks from my houseguest. I'd never considered where I lived to be an advantage, but I'd also never had a damsel break down all alone without anyone to come help her. She was too hard-headed to be scared of me. I could see it in her eyes and felt the way they watched me.

It took about ten seconds for her to decide she wanted to come out with me, because she claimed to be starving. In my opinion, I think she was starving for some attention. For some reason, I wanted to know why she was falling right into my plan so easily. Now she was telling me her name, like we were going to be friends. Call me crazy, but I think if someone hated me, they wouldn't care if I knew their name. She wanted to get to know me, which meant my plan was working. With a little more persuasion, I'd have her begging.

Chapter 3

Skylar

The drive to the little diner was a good thirty minutes. I played with my fingernails, stared out the window and pretended to be bored. All the while I was smelling him, thinking of him, and wondering how I had gotten myself into this whole mess.

Halfway there, he must not have been able to stand the silence. "There's a fifth of Southern Comfort under the seat."

I gave him a look, but pulled it out anyway. He motioned for me to take a swig. It burned going down and I felt like I was going to vomit immediately. My types of drinks were usually the frozen, fruity kind. "That is awful."

He grabbed the bottle and took a sip, then handed it back to me. "You get used to it."

"Do you always drink and drive?"

"Never! My buddy left that in there last weekend when I drove him home. There's always barn parties goin' on around here. My sister, well she lost her life after one of them, so I'm usually the one who drives the others home."

That was deep. "Were you close?"

He stared at the road. "Eleven months apart. Everyone always mistook us for bein' twins."

"I'm so sorry. I have a brother. He's six years older than me and has a family. We don't talk much, but I always wished we were closer."

"Can I ask what you're runnin' from?"

I looked over at him and saw him looking back at me, waiting for me to respond. I looked out the window, so he wouldn't see my pain because it hurt too much to talk about. "After years of being together, I caught my boyfriend cheating."

He shook his head. "Damn. You actually caught him?" I pulled out my phone and showed him one of the pictures. "What the f**k?"

"Yeah, I think I've said that a couple times." His reaction made me smile, which was a change from what I'd been experiencing.

"Let me see that shit again?" I handed him my phone. He looked at it and then handed it back to me. When our eyes met, I felt that heat again. "You know, neither of them girls hold a candle to how you look naked."

His eyes were on me, not the road.

I knew I was blushing. No guy had ever been so blunt with me, especially about my body. Shit, only my ex had ever seen me completely naked. "Should I say thanks or worry you are going to hurt me and leave me in a ditch?"

"I'm just tellin' it like it is. You can take it however you want." He pulled over, and I realized we were at the diner. "What about me? How do I rate next to your ex?"

"Why do you want to know? Aren't we just strangers, passing by chance? Does my opinion really matter?"

He pulled his keys out of the ignition and looked over at me. His eyes were light blue and as the sun was starting to set, they were so bright. "When you've lived here as long as I have, the datin' pool dwindles to nothin'. You ain't got to answer. I think I already know anyway."

He jumped out of the truck before I could say anything. When I started to open the door, he was already there by the passenger door, ready to help me out. He reached for my waist and lifted me down, but kept his hands where they were. I stared into his eyes and was so captivated that my next words came out without my knowing. "You're so hot."

He closed the truck door and pushed me back up against it. His face was so close to mine and our eyes were locked on one another. "If you want to forget about him, I can make it happen."

What was it about this guy that had me so weak in the knees? I was searching for words. "How?"

"I'll f**k you so good that the only car you'll ever drive will be a Ford, because you'll never stop thinkin' about me."

I laughed but licked my lips thinking about him f**king me. "I bet you say that to all the girls."

"Does it matter if it's the truth?" He dragged his lips over mine, and I was pretty positive that my pu**y was throbbing between my legs. I licked his bottom lip as I pulled away to see how he would respond. He grabbed my hand and backed away from me. "Just say the word. You know you want to forget about him, don't you?"

I did. I wanted this stranger to have his way with me; to make me forget about everything else. I wanted to lick the sweat off of his chest after he'd bent me over and made me scream his name, repeatedly. "I'm not that kind of girl. I just don't sleep around like you're assuming!"

He smiled and pushed the hair out of my face. "We'll see about that, darlin'."

Ford turned away and started walking towards the diner's entrance. He'd left me there panting on purpose. I was so upset with myself for being completely turned on by this guy. Yes, he was hotter than hot. He smelled fabulous and his lips were tantalizing, but I had to be careful. I didn't want to be some easy lay, even if I knew it was what my body needed to do to get over my ex.

After waiting a few moments, and realizing he wasn't coming back out for me, I made my way into the restaurant.

What I thought was going to be a regular diner, lined up with booths and a large spread across the whole back wall, wasn't that at all. Sure, there were a couple booths when you first walked in, but the back of the establishment had been converted. A stage was back against the wall and a dance floor was in the center. The bar was located in between the dance floor and the tables. As I walked in further, all eyes were on me, and there were a lot of them.

I looked for Ford, but when I spotted him, I realized he wasn't coming to my rescue, because he had his tongue down the throat of some brunette on the dance floor. It didn't take him long after being rejected to move on.

I actually felt sad about it. Why did I even care? I kept telling myself that he was just a stranger. It made no sense why I'd be jealous of some girl that I never even met.

Not wanting to draw attention to me watching them like a creeper, I walked over to the bar and started looking at a menu.

An older lady walked up and leaned over the counter. "I've been informed that you're on Ford's tab tonight. What can I get ya?"

I looked over at Ford who was dancing extra close to the brunette. "He doesn't have to do me any favors. I have my own money."

She cocked an eyebrow and smiled. "Honey, if a guy like Ford wants to buy you things, you let him."

"It looks like he's buying a lot of girls things." I caught another peek at them dancing.

She laughed and leaned closer. "Between me and you, he doesn't put anyone on his tab."

I placed my order, but said nothing else to the woman. She had to be mistaken. He looked like he was a complete lady's man from the way he was groping all over the chick on the dance floor. With a beer in my hand, I sat down at one of the only remaining tables left and tried to not watch them. I hated the way his muscles looked as he brought his arms up around hers. She kept laughing at things he was saying and I could have sworn that they were both glancing at me to see my reaction.

I stared at my beer and pretended not to notice, even though it was bothering the shit out of me.

While sitting there stuffing my face with chicken tenders and fries, Ford swooped in the seat across from me. He grabbed one of my fries. "The food's great, right?"

"You didn't have to pay for it." Did he assume that buying me food was going to get him a free ticket into my pants?

"Are you goin' to dance at all?"

I scrunched up my face. "Probably not! I wouldn't want to show you up when you're getting so much play."

He turned and looked out onto the dance floor. "You jealous?"

I crossed my arms. "Of course not! I don't know you or your conquest."

He smiled and stole another fry. "My conquest?"

"Yeah, you know, the girl out there ready to shed her clothes and f**k you in front of everyone?"

He just shook his head and continued laughing at me. "You're really sexy when you're jealous. I reckon you better stop, though, before I get even more turned on by it."

He got up and walked away without giving me the opportunity to respond.

He was so...so...right! Ugh! What was I even doing? How could I be jealous over a guy that I didn't know? The worst part of it all was that I wanted him more by the second. I could close my eyes and imagine him touching me with those big hands. I wanted them all over my naked skin.

While I was dreaming about it, I hadn't noticed a strange guy sit down across from me. I jumped when he spoke. "You want to dance?"

I held up my hands. "No, I'm fine, thanks!"

He turned and looked to see what I was looking at, then looked back at me. "You and every other woman here want a piece of that. Ever since he got back to town, he's been a chick magnet. I can save you a lot of time and heartbreak, sweet thing. Ford has his hands full with Ashley. Just come dance with me and enjoy your night."

I thought about Ford being with every girl in this town. It was gross and made me reconsider what I had been wishing for. I grabbed the guy's hand and led him out onto the dance floor. "Let's go then!"

Sure, it was a bold move and yes, it was just to get a rise out of Ford. If he was a womanizer, I wanted him to know he'd never have me.

From the moment my body started to sway, I caught him watching me. His eyes were locked on my body and it overwhelmed me with desire. I didn't know what it was about him, but he made me so hot in all the right places.

The music got faster and his dance partner stepped it up, grinding her ass against him, while letting his hands linger over her waist. The evil little sex kitten in me took complete control. I wanted him to want me, even if he wasn't going to get it, so I mimicked her moves, but grinded harder against my willing partner. Instead of letting him control where his hands went, I slid them up to my br**sts and gave him permission to explore.

Ford watched then put his head down into the girl's neck. The off thing about it was that his gaze was still fixed on watching me. I squatted all the way down to the floor and came back up again, watching him the whole time. His smile grew as he watched my body moving. Song after song, we became caught up in outdoing each other with seduction, all the while only doing it for a rise out of each other.

I had him where I wanted him. When he was bending her over later, he'd be thinking of my naked body and not hers. I felt sneaky and bad, but it turned me on. Everything about what I was doing was turning me on. With sweat running down my face and chest, I excused myself to the bathroom to freshen up. For a couple moments I stared at my own reflection in the mirror, wondering what I was thinking. How could I look at myself knowing what my body wanted to be doing? I felt dirty and sexy all at the same time and I didn't know how I felt about that.

When the door opened and Ford stood there behind me, I had no choice but to turn around and face him. "This is the ladies room."

He looked around. "I'm aware of where I am."

"I was just leaving." I went to walk away but he grabbed me by the waist and pulled me into his arms. "What are you..."

He kissed me, slipping his tongue into my mouth almost immediately. I pulled away and slapped him. He grabbed my hair and held me still while he got close to my ear. "Stop actin' like you don't want this to happen."

"I don't!"

He kissed me again, this time not taking my rejection seriously at all. His tongue caressed mine and that ball of fire ignited from my mouth and headed straight down to my sex. I knew my panties were getting wet, due to the fact that I could almost feel myself dripping after being turned on by this man. It didn't matter that we'd just met, or that someone else was outside waiting for him.

He picked me up and leaned me against the porcelain sink. I could feel the coldness hitting my thighs, cooling that burning urge that made me want to spread my legs and give him my soul. This time, when he pulled away, I was panting.

He smiled and looked at himself in the mirror, before releasing me to stand on my own two feet. His hand reached down and rubbed me between the legs as he spoke. "When you're lyin' in my bed tonight, you're going to wish I was there with you. Are you going to touch yourself while you're thinkin' about me?"

Why did his scandalous words give me butterflies? Why did I know I was going to do exactly what he was telling me to?

Except, I didn't want to imagine being with him. I wanted it to happen. I wanted to forget all about my ex and everything he'd done to me, even if it was only for a night.

Ford

I couldn't have planned things out better than the way they were falling into place. My ex made for a great addition by throwing herself at me the moment I walked into the door. Since I didn't feel like her causing a scene, I decided to go with it. If I wasn't sure about Sky, her eyes revealed more than she was saying. In fact, the little kitten couldn't keep her wandering eyes off of me. As the kissing intensified, so did the rush of guilt. My ex was a lot of things, but she didn't deserve to be a pawn in some plan to swoon a stranger, especially since she wanted to be the woman I took home to bed tonight.

I pulled myself out of her arms and looked into those big eyes. "I didn't come here for this."

She smiled and tried to pull me in for a kiss again. When I wouldn't let her, she started to pout. "Please? I'll do anything you want."

I had to smile, thinking about how sexy she could be. Since she wasn't the only person I'd been with, it wasn't the experience that I enjoyed the most. Sure she knew how to move her hips and make me crazy, still, each time we got close I thought about Harley and how she should have looked out for her that night. She should have called me, but instead worried about herself and how drunk she could get without me around. I was done with her and that kind of bullshit. "I told you before, it's not goin' to happen."

I started to walk away from her. "Wait!"

"Leave it be!"

When I first walked into the diner, I stopped to say hello to my aunt and wave to my cousin Joey, who was cooking in the back. I made sure she knew that I was paying for whatever Sky wanted to eat and drink. If I was going to get a of piece that, then I needed to make sure she was fully satisfied.

When I reached the little hottie she was busy eating and acting like my making out with someone else didn't bother her. After driving her a little crazy, and hearing her reject me once more, I gave her some space, only to chase her into the bathroom afterwards. This time, she wasn't going to say no. She wanted me and I was about to make her admit it.

When our lips met she stopped being stubborn. Her tongue played against mine while my hands explored parts of her skin. My dick reacted and as I lifted her onto the hard sink I contemplated taking her right there in the bathroom. She was practically begging for it.

My next question was both cocky and true, but she didn't answer me, so I asked again. "Tell me Sky." I teased her lips with mine. "Are you going to touch that bare pu**y tonight thinkin' about me until it drips?" I kissed her again and she let me, but still said nothing.

Her eyes were closed and she was enjoying this just as much as I was. Before I could have cared less how she kissed, as long as she gave me another peek at that fine ass body. Now I wanted more than that. Her tongue was like a natural high each time it brushed against mine. The little moans that escaped her turned me on. I ran my hands over the fabric of her shirt, cupping her br**sts and massaging them while we kissed again. My dick throbbed for her.

I pulled away from her mouth and let her reach for me again while I spoke with her body still pinned against the sink. "Tell me you want me to f**k you." I grabbed one of her hands and rubbed it over my erection. "You want this and you know it."

She bit down on her lip and shook her head from side to side.

I took my tongue and teased her lips with it. I could feel her hot breath as she exhaled and tried to deny what we both knew was coming. "Say it, Sky. I saw you watchin' me out there. I know you want this for yourself. You want to know what she knows about me, don't you?" I must have hit a nerve, because she pulled away and looked at me, fighting the jealousy that was boiling through her veins.

I knew she was thinking about what to say to me, but I didn't want to give her another second to do it. Before walking away, I gave her one last request. "You need to know that the only woman goin' home with me tonight is you and you aren't goin' to be fightin' me about it."

Chapter 4

Skylar

Ford pressed his hard body against me. He ran the back of his hand up my face and kept his mouth close to mine. "Don't hook up with that guy out there, Sky. He's bad news."

I looked up at him, confused at why he'd been pointing the bad guy finger at someone else, when he was clearly hitting on me himself. "I can make my own decisions."

He rubbed me between my legs, causing me to let out a little cry. "I ain't the guy you think I am."

"I saw you kissing that girl out there and now you're in here with me. If anything spells trouble, it would be you." He had to be a male whore with this kind of cockiness.

Ford smiled and backed away from me, turning around and scratching his head. "You think you know me? I didn't kiss her, she kissed me, because she thinks that after bein' away for years that I'd jump right back into bed with her. Ashley's a great girl, but that ship has sailed."

I was confused. "What do you mean? You didn't always live here?"

Ford seemed to be uncomfortable. He walked away and got quiet, like I'd hit a nerve. When he came back, he scrunched up his face and approached me again. Right away I knew that I'd definitely brought something up that ruined the moment. "Is it wrong for me to want to be with someone that won't judge me?"

"Judge you for what?" He was scaring me. Had he been in jail or something?

Oh my God, maybe he was!

"Not savin' my sister. My father saved up every penny to pay for me to go to college. I was about four hours away going to school. As much as I liked being there, I still made it home almost every weekend to hang out with my sister. The night she died, I was too tired from driving to go out."

I reached out and put my hand on his chest. "It wasn't your fault. I mean, I know we don't know each other, but I know it wasn't because of you. You have to know that."

He looked away. "I shouldn't have said anything."

When he started to walk away, I grabbed his hand. "Ford, why did you want me to think you were such an ass**le, when clearly you're not?" Maybe he still really was.

He looked down at the floor and then back to me with a crooked smile. "I don't think you want to know the truth, doll. I never said I wasn't an ass**le. Don't judge me because you caught me off guard. Nothin' has changed."

I crossed my arms. "Actually, I do want to know. I mean, I'm only here because I was running away from my cheating ex. I just wanted to drown myself in liquor and hot guys to try and forget about what he did to me. Anything you say can't be as bad as that."

He looked right into my eyes, causing me to hold my breath. "You want to know why I want you, Sky? You want to know why I act the way I do?"

I nodded.

His lips drug over mine. "I just want to f**k someone that isn't a part of this town; that isn't a part of my past. I can't talk to my friends and I sure as hell can't talk to any of my cousins. All they do is remind me of times we all shared with my sister. It doesn't even matter. I knew you were running from somethin'. A girl like you doesn't drive that far alone for no reason. I watched you lookin' at yourself. Were you really questionin' how hot you were?" He kissed me softly. "We both have somethin' we want to forget about." He pulled away, but continued to stare at my lips. "That's what I want."

"What are you suggesting?" I was already all in; I just wanted to hear him say it. Nobody had to know that I wanted this stranger, this broken-hearted ass**le, to rock my world.

"Come back to my place with me. We don't need to talk. In fact, I don't even want to. Let's spend the night f**kin' and in the mornin' you can go on your way. I'll fix your car and have you at the beach by dinner time."

I didn't hesitate. "What are we waiting for?"

He seemed shocked. "That easy?"

I shrugged. "For years, I've loved the same guy. He crushed me and I don't know what to do to make it go away. If being with you can make it happen, I'm game. No crazy stuff. I haven't been with that many people."

He smiled. "I was with Ashley for four years."

"Oh my God. No wonder she wants you back."

"She knows I brought you here. That's why she's tryin' so hard."

"You said you had a date." I was confused.

He kissed me softly. "Hell no! Do you want your eyes gouged out?"

Realizing what he was implying, I changed my decision. "I don't f**k on the first date."

"Yes you do!" He grabbed my body and pulled it into his with a jerk. "I can already tell it's goin' to be a night you ain't never goin' to forget."

Just looking into this guy's eyes gave me chills. I didn't know if it was because being with a stranger was somehow exciting and dangerous, or if it was just the fact that he was the hottest guy I'd ever been close to, touched or considered doing this with. The tingling was constant and I needed to feel his hands on my skin. I didn't care where he touched me, as long as he was doing it. After staring deep into his eyes, he smiled and pulled away, leading me out of the bathroom.

While paying his tab, I caught that girl, Ashley, staring at me. She walked up in between us and whispered something in his ear. He gave her a weird look and shook his head. The next thing I knew, he was grabbing me by the hand and pulling me out of the place.

"She's pissed. We better get out of here before she makes a scene."

I didn't want to see what her scene would be like, so we headed out without another word to each other or anyone else.

After agreeing to a night of passion, we were both at a loss for words. For the whole ride we sat next to each other in silence. With him not making the first attempt to talk, I felt it necessary to do the same.

By the time we made it to the apartment, I was having doubts about going through with something that could haunt me for the rest of my life. Sure, he'd said he'd been in a relationship for years, but that didn't mean he was faithful. I wasn't about to let one night leave me with a STD or disease.

After getting inside his place, I took off my shoes and just stood there. Ford pulled his shirt over his head and walked toward me. I think he could sense the hesitation, so he stopped and didn't get any closer. He shook his head and grinned. "Guess you changed your mind?"

I felt bad. "Can you blame me? People don't usually plan a one-night-stand, not with each other, at least." I stood in an awkward position, trying to hide my shame.

He turned around and picked up his shirt, letting it sit on one of his shoulders. "I ain't goin' to argue about it. Help yourself to anything in the fridge. I'll let you know what we find out with your car."

I felt abandoned as I watched him walk out of his place. For a moment, I just stood there waiting for him to come back in and take me into his arms like it happens on television. After a few minutes, I knew it wasn't going to happen.

I walked over and sat down on the bed, looking around the room. The remote was sitting on the table, but I didn't want to watch television. Why couldn't he have just stayed and hung out with me like a normal person would do? Remembering that it was just about the sex, reminded me why he wasn't sticking around to ask my favorite flavor of ice cream. He didn't care and neither should I.

I flopped my body down on the bed and looked at the ceiling. When the door creaked open, I sat back up, completely shocked.

Ford was there, standing shirtless, staring at me. He walked over to the bed and slowly climbed on top of me.

I didn't fight him.

With his mouth close to mine, he bit his bottom lip. His hand came up and cupped one of my br**sts. "Tell me to stop!"

He looked into my eyes and I stayed serious. "No!"

That was all it took.

His lips were on mine and my hands were all over him. His skin was as smooth as I'd pictured and I couldn't wait to have my hands down his pants, or better yet, I wanted him naked. I needed to have my hands on his hard cock. I say hard, because I could feel it poking into my leg. He grumbled something I couldn't understand as he licked the fabric over one of my ni**les. "I've wanted to suck on your tits since I saw you in the bathroom. You're so f**kin' sexy."

I sat up, causing him to move to the side of me. I think at first he thought I was changing my mind again, but I showed him my intentions when I started pulling my shirt over my head. He just sat there watching me remove my bra.

Mack had always made me feel uneasy about being naked, but Ford, not knowing a thing about me, looked like he wanted to eat me up. It turned me on knowing that this man wanted me so much. He didn't know that it was totally mutual.

Okay, maybe he did.

His deep voice cleared as his eyes were fixed on my chest. I ran my hands through my hair, giving him a real show. I loved the way he was watching me. "Are you going to just sit there, or are you going to take off your pants and show me what I want to see?"

"You afraid I'm goin' to disappoint you?" He laughed to himself, shook his head and dropped his pants.

My jaw dropped when his hefty erection stood at attention for me. I giggled, feeling giddy with excitement. He was right. There was no way that thing could be a disappointment. I held up my hand and motioned with my finger for him to join me back on the bed.

His pants were kicked off of his legs before he climbed back to where he'd been. He kissed my nose and pulled away. "Don't hold back tonight, Sky. I want all of you. Let's forget about who we are and get so f**kin' lost in each other."

I dug my hands into his hair, pulling him into a deep kiss. His tongue was warmer than mine and as it stroked me new tingles ran all the way to my toes. Then that fire ignited again between my legs. My body began to react to the way his hands explored my skin, our tongues became in sync as they moved around with our deep kissing.

I opened my eyes and saw that his were closed. He was absorbing the fact that this was really happening. I closed my eyes again, when he started to reopen his.

His hand attained what it was searching for when I felt it sliding between my legs once more. It was warm as it brushed over the lips of my pu**y, before spreading me open and letting his fingers feel just how eager I was to be with him.

He moaned and pulled away, smiling at me. "You're so wet!"

It wasn't like I was going to try and deny it. "You're so hard." I grabbed his c**k and moved my hand up and down slowly.

He leaned in a licked my bottom lip. "Suck it!"

I cocked an eyebrow, but watched him closing his eyes in reaction to just me holding it. Imagining what he'd do when I had my lips around his shaft made me want to do it, more than I'd ever wanted to before.

Unlike some women, I got off on pleasuring my man. It was unfortunate that I couldn't be good enough to satisfy my ex. Knowing that I was thinking about him pissed me off and gave me the courage to lean down and take Ford into my mouth. He groaned and adjusted the way we were sitting on the bed. I felt him rubbing my head with his hand, and even pulling at my hair briefly. His dick was so smooth and my lips fit tight around it. I pulled away, needing extra lubricant to be able to move at a rapid pace. He looked right into my eyes while I smiled and spit right on to his tip. I lapped it up with my tongue, but only to spread it around the full length of his shaft. As my mouth watered just imagining what I was about to do, I moistened my hand and wrapped it back around his c**k at the base.

My mouth filled with his erection to the brink of gagging myself. I didn't want to go slow. I didn't have to be shy around Ford; I wanted to give him my all. This guy was too gorgeous to go the quick and easy way. I wanted him to remember every second that we were together. He wanted to f**k me and I wanted him doing it.

The faster my head bobbed up and down that shaft, unrecognizable words were escaping his mouth. It made me feel hotter, especially when I felt a finger sliding inside of my slippery entrance.

We were laying on the bed side by side. My head was at his cock, giving him the kind of blowjob that a p**n star would be proud of. Ford's head was near my knees while he watched himself fingering me.

My lips glided up and down, spreading more and more saliva as they moved. I made sure that while my one hand was jerking on him, my thumb was applying pressure to the main vein. I could feel it reacting to the way my thumb was pleasing him. When I knew he was on the brink, I backed off, sliding my hand over his balls and letting my index finger traipse over his taint. I rubbed it back and forth, listening to him beg me for more. I licked from the base, then all the way to the tip of his shaft. He'd adjusted himself to be flat on the bed, while my body was still to the side, giving him a good view of my actions. I used my other hand to jerk his c**k around my lips, while I held out my tongue. I licked my lips, wetting them again and running them over the tip. My fingernails drug over the smooth foreskin on his balls, while I teased him repeatedly with my tongue. I started to go down to the base, but instead, slid down and sucked his balls into my mouth. My hand grasped his c**k and vigorously stroked it.

"Holy Fuck!" He screamed out into the dimly lit room.

I moaned with a mouth full of him, feeling his shaft beginning to jerk on its own. Hot cum began running down my hand as his load was released. Even as it came rushing out, I still continued stroking him, pleasing him until he was all but spent.

He leaned over and kissed my inner thigh, then went back to lying still on the bed. Ford ran his hands through his hair and leaned up on his elbow to look down at me. "That was f**kin' awesome! Damn woman!" He fell back down on the bed, like he was in disbelief.

My hand slid up his thigh. "I'm glad you liked it."

I knew he needed to recuperate for a few minutes, so I excused myself to grab another shower. I had this peeve about being fresh and clean in all the right places. Since I was already naked, it was easy to walk right in the bathroom and step into the shower. I just didn't think I'd have immediate company.

I smiled when the gorgeous, tattooed man climbed in beside me, filling the tiny shower. He reached for my waist. "I ain't done with you, yet."

I ran my hands up his wet chest, slowly, memorizing the way his ni**les felt against the palms of my hands. "Oh, I know you aren't. I was just letting you regain some strength."

Before I could react, he picked me up and pressed me against the cold porcelain shower wall. "My strength is fine. After what you just did to me, I'm bettin' you could ride me all night long. How about I return the favor?"

I leaned in and kissed him with wild intent. Of course I was going to ride him and let him take control. This was about forgetting. It was about moving on and feeling good about myself. He was the key and I wasn't going to stop until I was completely rid of the pain and emptiness I'd been dealing with.

Ford

It was a good thing we left when we did. Ashley wasn't happy about me bringing Sky out with me. When I rejected her she knew my intentions. I wasn't just helping out a stranded girl, like my aunt had told her. I wanted to take her home and she could tell.

Before we left she whispered in my ear that I was making a mistake.

As hot as it would have been to see two sexy women fighting over me, I knew my chances of sleeping with Sky would dwindle to nothing. That wasn't a risk I was willing to take.

The ride home was hard, because I was trying to stay focused on driving when all I really wanted to do was pull over and take her before she could change her mind. I probably should have, because when we got home she did exactly that.

I thought about pushing her, making her hot and bothered so I didn't have to leave, but I didn't want some strange girl crying rape on me. Walking across the field to my dad's house was the right move.

When I walked out of my apartment, I made it halfway across the field before turning around. She was in my apartment, all alone, denying herself pleasure. I could have kept walking, but when I opened that door and saw her face, I knew she wanted exactly the same thing I did. I watched her tongue brush across her upper teeth as she adjusted the way she was sitting.

Within minutes, she was doing everything to keep me in the bed with her. Far be it from me to argue with a sexy female that wants her lips around my cock. When she started pleasing me, I had to focus on something else to keep from prematurely ejaculating. Her mouth was small, making it tight as her head maneuvered up and down my shaft. I liked that she gave it her all and struggled to take in as much as she could.

The only disappointment was that she got up and walked that naked body into the bathroom, closing the door behind her. I was far from being done. Unlike others, I wanted to please her, instead of just myself. She needed to know that I wanted to taste every inch of her supple body. I couldn't stop picturing her sweet pu**y being sucked into my mouth, so I followed her.

The hot water ran down her body as I entered the shower behind her. I'd been denying myself pleasure for too long, but since I'd taken care of that problem earlier, I knew I was going to be able to keep going.

I could tell that she was turned on when she saw me standing behind her. I ran my hands over her shoulders and leaned in to kiss her again. I couldn't get enough of those lips and how she mimicked the rhythm of my tongue.

This girl didn't know how bad I needed to f**k her. She couldn't know how long I had held off from being sexual with someone. There was no way for her to know that I was planning to take out all of my frustrations on that sweet pu**y of hers. First, it was her turn. I looked right into those beautiful eyes. "You may want to sit on the edge of the tub, cause when I'm done with you, your balance ain't goin' to be good."

Chapter 5

Skylar

It wasn't the fact that he'd offered.

It was more to the point that he actually wanted to please me.

In all of my sexual experiences with Mack, he'd never just offered. I sat there, in his arms for a couple seconds, looking at this man that was so perfectly beautiful.

He really was.

The water was beating down over our faces, albeit neither of us moved an inch. I finally adjusted, letting my body slide back down to standing. Ford didn't release me until he was sure I had my balance, which I appreciated. Once we were both looking at each other again, he grabbed the back of my head and kissed me, hard. If we weren't in the shower, it would have been a messy kiss. The water couldn't cool off my body with kisses like these.

Ford ducked his head near my ear. He kissed me behind it before rubbing his wet lips against the lobe. "Tell me you want me to taste you. I want to hear you say how much you want to feel my tongue playin' with your pu**y."

His words literally made my ni**les tingle. My breathing became irregular and I felt like I was having an out-of-body experience as the words started coming out of my mouth. "Oh yeah, eat my pu**y, Ford. Show me what you can do."

I was probably blushing, but he'd already started kissing his way down my body, taking a few extra moments to sample each of my br**sts. When he sucked at each nipple, little noises escaped from deep inside of me. He wasn't just sucking on them, though. As his lips pulled away, his teeth bit down. It felt so good and I ran my hands through his hair, holding him in place with a fist full of dark strands. He laughed and looked up at me watching him. "Darlin', I'm just gettin' started."

Incredible, overwhelming feelings bombarded me as I thought about what was in store for me. "Show me what you got," I whispered.

While already on his knees, he softly kissed down my abdomen, stopping about an inch from the top of my pu**y. He looked up at me and smiled, slowly placing more kisses on my smooth skin.

I watched him pull away and reach up to run two fingers over my folds, while never taking his eyes off of my naked sex. He licked his lips and I felt weak in the knees. A few more strokes with his fingers and I was ready to beg him to dive in and eat me, except, he turned me around so my ass was in his face.

I felt the bar of soap circling over each cheek, while his hands rubbed the lather around. When I felt him rubbing the soap inside of my crack, I tightened, afraid of his intentions.

The water was starting to cool down as it poured out of the showerhead and trickled down my skin. I could tell without looking that he was rinsing me off, using his fingers to check for remaining soap that was still in my crack.

When I felt him kissing on my bare ass, I began to panic. Nobody had ever gotten close to touching my ass. It made me feel uncomfortable. Especially when he made his next request. "Bend over more."

I tried to turn around. "No!"

His lips kissed my ass again and I could feel him exploring it with his fingers again. "I won't f**k you in the ass, Sky. Bend over for me."

I was so afraid about what he was going to shove in my ass. I mean, he could have just violated me without me being able to fight back.

Still, I bent over like he asked.

"Mmm, good girl. Look at that pu**y." He reached between my legs and started rubbing my lips, then my clit. My knees felt weak again as he continued massaging my sex with his fingers. I didn't mind him kissing my ass, because his fingers were making me feel so good. He played with my ass**le, but never violated it. The sensations he was giving me were different than I'd ever felt.

"Please don't stop." I leaned my face against the shower wall and concentrated on the way he was pleasing me. I hadn't even been penetrated and it was already feeling amazing. Just when I thought that things couldn't feel any better, I felt his tongue diving into my pu**y. He made it hard and pierced me with it like it was his cock. I bent over more, exposing myself for the taking. His thumb was still rubbing vigorously over my clit, making me shake and feel waves of shock throughout my body. I knew I was having an orgasm and so did Ford. His tongue moved faster and I cried out against the wall, praying my legs wouldn't give out on me.

He pulled away and ran his hands up and down my ass. "I made you cum and you couldn't even see me." He moaned. "You taste so good. I'm going to have more of that sweet pu**y later. Now, turn around and face me."

I did as he said, while still trying to catch my breath. I'd never been tongue f**ked, nor had I ever had an orgasm while a guy was so close to my ass.

With my pu**y staring him in the face, I thought he'd stand up, but instead, he leaned in and licked my lips. When his tongue made contact with my throbbing bud, I thought I was going to scream. He must have seen how my body jerked, because he repeated the process, over and over, until I grabbed his hair and stilled him.

Obviously, I was a shaking mess of pleasure. Ford kissed his way back up to standing and switched places with me, letting the cool water rinse my body again. He climbed out of the shower, offering me his hand for support. We didn't use towels. Instead, he led me back to the bed, where he sat me down and kissed me tenderly. When he stood up, all I noticed was how hard he was again. He looked down at his c**k and smiled, while reaching into the table and pulling out a rubber.

This was it.

We were going to f**k and I knew it was going to be good.

He ran his hand up between my br**sts. "You're in control, Sky. I'll only go as far as you want me to."

"Shut up!" I took my legs and wrapped them around his waist. "I want it." His strong arms were keeping his body off of mine. I grabbed the condom and pulled it out, then reached down and started applying it. He groaned and closed his eyes and I liked that it turned him on so much to have me touching him.

"You're makin' me crazy." He kissed me tenderly.

"I like your accent."

"You're goin' to like a lot more than that." He entered me with ease, considering I was already wet and ready. At first, there was a lot of pressure. I found myself moaning away the discomfort. He was much thicker than my ex and, as much as it hurt, it also felt delightful.

He stayed on top, balancing his body with his hands, while getting into a good rhythm. His eyes were locked with mine and every few seconds he leaned down and kissed my lips.

I couldn't get enough of the way our tongues blended together. It was like we'd been kissing partners for years. His lips were soft, wet and welcoming. I could have spent the whole night just making out with him.

When he sat up and distanced himself from me, I felt disappointed, until he lifted up my legs, bringing my knees up against my chest. At first, it took the wind out of me, but once he started pumping himself into me again, I could see why he'd done it. It felt like he was going in deeper and the pressure was giving me that building fire again. Before I even had a chance to do anything about it, my body tightened and I screamed out again.

He kept going, despite me losing feeling in my whole body for a few brief seconds. When I looked up into his eyes, I saw the reason written on his face. He'd made me cum and it got him off. He thrust inside of me one more time, hard, making a smacking sound. I watched his face scrunch up as he released his load inside of me.

With little effort, my legs fell to the side of him on the bed as he leaned down and rolled me over on top of him. We were still connected and I couldn't help but notice that he was still hard. Taking it upon myself, I began rocking my body against his. He reached up and grabbed my tits, so I lifted both of my hands into my hair. "Do you need me to stop?" I asked.

He shook his head. "Fuck no! Ride me hard. It feels too good to stop."

I rocked him harder. "Are you having fun?"

"Don't worry about me, Sky. How does it feel to you?" He pinched my ni**les, making me cry out before I could answer. I propelled my body as fast as it would move. Euphoria hit and I couldn't control myself. I could feel every muscle in my body absorbing the pure energy that was flowing through my body. He ran his hands up and down my waist, steadying me as I lost control. "I'll take that as a yes."

I leaned down and kissed him, letting my lips linger over his. "I want more!"

He grabbed my ass and squeezed both cheeks. "So do I."

I liked hearing him saying it.

After we'd both caught our breath, Ford got up and walked over to the kitchen table. He sat on a chair and lit up a smoke. I pulled the sheet over my naked parts, intently watching him sit there completely naked. "Do you work out?"

He exhaled. "I used to play sports in high school. I played a little football in college, but f**ked up my ankle my sophomore year. The only exercise I get now is from liftin' tires and workin' on cars."

I played with my toes and thought about opening a can of worms, especially after the time we had just had together. "Ford, why didn't you just go back to school?"

"Well, I would have liked to, but my dad ain't gettin' any younger. With my mom gone and now my sister, he just can't handle things on his own. I really don't have a choice."

I felt bad for him. "I'm sorry for asking."

He took another drag and exhaled while he talked. "It ain't your fault. Shit happens."

"So you'll just stay here forever?"

He shrugged and finally put out the cigarette. "I can't think about it, right now. It's important that I'm here for the old man."

"It just sucks that you're stuck in this place."

He walked into the bathroom but left the door open. "You should be glad that I'm here, otherwise you'd be on the side of the road still."

I heard the water coming on and saw him starting to brush his teeth. "Ford?"

He peeked out of the bathroom. "Yeah?"

"Thanks for everything you did for me. I don't know how I could ever repay you for ...Well, I think you know." Paying my repair bill was going to be hard enough. I was on a damn budget and this was not in it. The sex was a bonus, but it wasn't going to make the repair bill disappear.

He walked out and climbed onto the bed with fresh breath, pulling me in his arms and kissing me on the side of the head. His legs wrapped around mine and I leaned my back into his chest. "Sky, I've been miserable for too damn long. You wreckin' that car has been the best f**kin' thing to happen to me in a long while. I'm glad it happened." He pushed my hair away and kissed me again. "I ain't askin' for anything from you, but I have to tell you that your boyfriend is a fool. He let somethin' fine go. It's all good though, because I got to f**k the hottest girl this town's ever seen. Hell, I never thought you'd really give me head. I never even thought you'd agree to what I was throwin' at you."

I turned and looked at him. "I liked it."

He laughed. "Not as much as me."

I was worried about what I wanted to say, but since this was a "no strings attached" situation, I felt the need to address it. "What happens now? Do you just fix my car and I go on my way and never speak to you again? Forgive me for being blunt; I've just never had a one-night-stand before. A part of me was hoping that it sucked so I didn't feel bad about walking away."

He chuckled. "Except it didn't suck." He ran his fingers through mine and pulled them up to my chest. "My life is f**ked up, Sky. What you see is what you get. I already told you that I can't offer you anythin'."

I felt sad, but not because he seemed to be rejecting me. It was because his actions were matching up to his words. I'd never felt so connected to someone, and I hardly knew enough about him to call him anything. "So, when I walk out that door, you don't ever want to see me again?"

Since he was still holding me, I was confident that I would get the answer I wanted. Having a one-night-stand made me feel dirty, and the fact that I enjoyed it so much would make us being friends so much easier to take.

Did I feel bad for sleeping with Ford?

Hell no!

"You live hours away, Sky. I'm here, in the middle of nowhere. We have one gas station, one grocery store, and three churches. It ain't like coming here is at all excitin'. Shit, we can't even use the cell phones we own until we drive ten miles from our houses."

"So, all we have is tonight?"

"I guess so."

I felt defeated but, at the same time, almost relieved that what I was doing was never going to get out. I wasn't ashamed, per se, of being with Ford. I liked it, too much to admit out loud. The problem was that I had an image to uphold. What kind of martyr would I be if I went out and screwed some stranger to get back at my cheating ex? In the big scheme of things, that's exactly what this was. It was revenge sex. That final push to go through with it wasn't just because I thought the guy was sexy as hell, it was because I wanted to forget, and in order to do that, I had to occupy my time with something that would crush Mack.

I turned around and looked him right in the eyes, while leaning in and brushing our lips together. "Then I guess we should make it a night neither of us will ever forget!"

Ford

I could tell from the way she was acting that she wondered if we would see each other again. It would just end the same way each time, though. We lived too far apart to ever be more than just a one-night-stand. Sure, I liked the girl, physically. I didn't know too much about her on a personal level, and I wasn't going to ask. The less I knew, the less I would care. Having feelings only left me hurt. Nothing lasts forever and I promised myself that I wouldn't feel that way again.

Being happy, in some sort of fairytale, wasn't an option for me anymore. My family had f**ked that up for me. I'd never have what I really wanted in life.

"I know you think I'm bein' a dick, but you got to remember that I never made you any promises. I told you exactly what my intentions were from the beginnin'."

She let out a sigh and her expression told me more than her words were going to. "I was there. I remember."

I stroked the hair out of her face. Her skin was sun kissed and I loved how soft it felt under my calloused hands. "The night is still young, you know. You ain't got to be sad about never seein' me again. Not yet."

She sat up, causing me to move to the side of her. "Who said I was sad?"

Was she really playing my cocky card? "Is that right?" I reached over and brushed my two fingers over her lips. "So, you could just walk away and never think about the way I kissed you?"

She closed her eyes and opened them to display a straight face. "Yup!"

I took the back of my hand and stroked one of her ni**les. "You could just go on with your life and never imagine me touching you?" Then I reached down and drove my finger inside of her. She gasped and adjusted her body. "Tell me that I'm not the best you ever had."

Sure, I was being blatant. I honestly had no idea if I ranked high on her list of partners. It wasn't my place to ask.

When she didn't deny it, I took it as a sign. "Say somethin', Sky."

She arched her body as I moved my finger in and out with precision. She said nothing again.

"Do you want me to stop?" I asked.

"No!" She whined.

My lips made their way to her neck and I ran my tongue over her skin. She moved her head to the side, allowing me to explore and taste her salty skin. She still smelled of our fresh shower, combined with the heat of our last encounter. It turned me on knowing that I'd made her body sweat that way. Parts of her hair were still damp in the back and I ran my hand through it, pulling it to allow me to nestle my mouth at the bottom of her jaw.

I pulled my finger out of her and left a trail of wetness as I ran it around her belly button. She looked right at me and bit down on her lip. "Please, Ford. Touch me." She took my hand and put it back down near her pu**y. I leaned in and kissed her lips while looking into her eyes.

"You're right. The night is still young. If you want to be the best I ever had, I'd suggest we keep going." She admitted.

I laughed and placed small kisses around her mouth. "Yeah, I think I've already taken that award, but I'll keep goin', for the sake of makin' sure you never forget about me."

Chapter 6

Skylar

Our enjoyment of each other lasted the rest of the night, only taking breaks to get a drink and rejuvenate our energy. Ford never mentioned having to get up and work the next day. He was focused on me and nothing else. My insatiable desire for him only intensified each time our bodies connected. I couldn't get enough of this beautiful stranger, and as the sun came up, I tried to hold on to every moment, in fear of it being our last.

We must have finally passed out as the sun was rising, because a knock at the door, and his father busting in, sent us both sitting up in a frantic panic. "Ford! Ugh.." He put his hands over his face to block our nakedness. "I need you downstairs. Now!" His father walked back out the door without saying anything.

Ford climbed over me. He kissed me on the forehead. "Go back to sleep, beautiful." He climbed out of bed and I noticed he was standing at attention as he walked in to the bathroom.

I was sore, sorer than ever before. My vagina felt like it had been in contact with a missile. As much as it hurt, it still caused me to smile. Just knowing how amazing our night had been sent chills throughout my body. Through the crack in the bathroom door, I could see him brushing his teeth. His sculpted body was all I needed to see to be turned on again. My ni**les began to tingle and as I adjusted myself in the bed, the sheets rubbed against my hardened ni**les. A chain reaction, that I was unable to control, took over. My pu**y began to throb and I knew what it needed.

My feet worked quickly, kicking the covers away from my naked body. There was no fear of being ashamed as I reached down and touched my hungry sex. My fingers separated the folds and I touched myself in the exact spot that I knew so well. I closed my eyes and rubbed my clit in circular motions, applying enough pressure to quickly pleasure myself. My body began rocking and I opened my eyes only because the bed moved. Ford sat there, with his eyes on my prize. When I stopped, he looked at me. "Don't you dare stop, Sky. Make yourself cum. Show me how you like it, baby."

I moved my fingers slowly, while I watched him watching me. He was still naked and kept licking his lips as my fingers massaged my swollen bud. I was on the brink and my body began to react. He reached over and started sucking on one of my ni**les. I watched his tongue flicking it as he pushed it closer to my mouth. Keeping my eyes on him, I reached my head down and stuck out my tongue, meeting his, while he was still licking my nipple. His deep voice vibrated off it and I lost control of my whole being. My head fell back against the pillow and I closed my eyes, while being overwhelmed with pleasure. My body bucked and I cried out, while I watched Ford sucking and flicking my little nipple.

He kissed his way up to my lips, causing me to shiver as his wet saliva hit my skin. "I need to f**k you again, right now."

My body was on fire. "What about your dad?"

He was already pulling me into position. "Fuck him. He can wait. This pu**y is mine and I'm not leavin' until I have it again."

He drove his hardness inside of me with force. I gasped and called out his name, but he thrust harder inside me. After the second time, I wanted to keep the momentum going. The pain mixed with pleasure was nothing like I'd felt before. The harder he f**ked me, the more I cried out harmonious bellows of enjoyment. Unlike the other times, he seemed more determined, more turned on, if that was even possible. He was looking at me like he was going to eat me and I was willing to let him.

His c**k was filling every inch of my sex and I vibrated inside each time he pounded in and out of me.

With no warning, he pulled out and flipped me around, pushing my face down and positioning my ass in the air. He smacked my right cheek hard then rubbed the sting away, before entering me again. His strong hands grabbed my hips and pulled my body into each thrust. Our bodies were slapping together, as my tits slapped against my skin. I took one hand between my legs and tickled his balls each time they were within my reach. "Oh yeah, play with my balls, Sky. Think about them being in your mouth."

I didn't care what he was saying. Imagining sucking on his c**k was something I would have done without him asking. My mouth watered just thinking about taking my lips and dragging them down his hard shaft.

He rammed me with everything he had in him, digging his fingernails into the skin on my waist. I let go of his balls and reached for the back of the couch, using it to push myself into him and keep his pace going strong. He fell down on top of me, panting, but reaching for my br**sts. As I cried out, I felt his weight pressing down on my back as he began to cum. Realizing that he wasn't wearing protection, he pulled out of me, releasing the rest of his load onto my back. I could feel the warm, slick liquid running down into my ass crack.

Ford got up and tossed me a towel from the floor. He leaned over and tried to catch his breath. "Fuck!"

I cleaned off then leaned up on my elbow, laying across the bed with no clothes on. He looked at my face and then let his eyes travel to every inch of my body. He bit down on his lip and shook his head. "How bad do you want to get to that beach?"

I shrugged. "I was looking forward to seeing my friends."

"Damn!" he scratched his head and grabbed his clothes, then started getting dressed. When he was finished, he leaned down and kissed me. "Thanks for last night, and this mornin'. It's been a long damn time since I've had this much fun." He stood up and walked out the door before I could say anything more to him.

Maybe a part of me was hoping that I wasn't just a one time f**kfest for Ford. It was obvious that we were attracted to each other, but I'd be fooling myself if I ever thought we could be something more. We met on terrible pretenses, and the fact that we lived so far apart just wouldn't make it possible.

I fell back down onto the bed and started to wonder if I should regret what I'd done. Soon sleep overcame me. My exhaustion was inevitable and I wasn't going to fight it any longer.

Unsure of how long I'd been asleep, I sat up in the bed and looked around. Ford was leaning against the kitchen counter, eating a sandwich. It was weird how he was just watching me sleep. I wiped my face and adjusted my hair. "How long have you been standing there?"

He had a mouth full of food. "You're cute when you sleep."

I pulled the covers up to my chin. "This is where you murder me, isn't it?"

He laughed and shook his head, turning around to face me with a plate of food. "I wanted you to eat before I cut you up into a million pieces." His full smile assured me that I had nothing to worry about.

I climbed out of the bed and started making my way to the kitchen, suddenly realizing that it wasn't a draft I was feeling. There were no clothes on my body and Ford was definitely liking the free show. I covered up myself with my hands and he walked over to his dresser, pulling out a wife-beater, sleeveless men's undershirt. He walked back over and pulled it over my head, covering all of my assets. "You're just as sexy wearin' my shirt, you know."

I blushed and took a bite of my sandwich. "Thank you."

"I got some bad news about your car. It seems that when you drove into the field, you hit something that put a hole in part of your fuel line. My dad is going to order the part, but it will take at least a day or two to come in. Do you think one of your friends would be willin' to come get you?"

I shook my head. "No. I don't want them to miss their good time for my stupidity. It wasn't like I was invited there. I practically invited myself. I mean, they would come if I asked them. They aren't ass**les."

He scratched his head and looked at me, then put his plate in the sink and rinsed it off. "Your car is going to take two to three days, Sky. I reckon I can take you to the beach, if you want. I got some friends there myself. Things are slow here, obviously, so it ain't like my dad will miss me."

He was leaning against the counter with both of his hands on either side of him. I looked at how handsome he was standing there. His tall, muscular body would look amazing on the beach. My girlfriends would go nuts over him.

Then I was taken back by my own jealousy. I didn't want them swooning over him, because I wanted more of him for myself. "You don't have to do that."

"Well, I already called my friends. Look, I can just drop you off, that way you ain't embarrassed by me."

I walked up and put my hands on his chest. "It's not that, I can assure you."

His hands were on my arms and he looked right into my eyes. "What then?"

I felt embarrassed. "It doesn't matter. I guess I just need to get it through my head that this was just an agreement. I mean, if you ran into one of my friends and hooked up with them, it would be your choice to do so. We aren't anything to each other, right?"

I was kind of hoping he wouldn't agree. "Right!" He let go of me and kept his hands to his sides. "We both needed it, I guess."

I agreed and walked away from him, heading into the bathroom. When I started the shower, I noticed he was leaning against the door. "If you are already going, I guess I'll catch a ride with you."

He patted the doorframe. "Sounds good. I'll go tell my dad and pack a few things."

With that, he walked away and left me standing in the bathroom alone.

Was I crazy for being so into him already? It had to have been my guilty conscious feeling bad for sleeping with a stranger. I hardly knew anything about this guy. There was no way that we shared some deep connection already.

The water of the shower didn't help clear my mind, especially when the lathered soap ran across my br**sts and pu**y, bringing me back to every place Ford had touched me. My body started getting hot and the bar of soap fell out of my hands, letting the skin on skin friction heat me up even more. I closed my eyes and threw my head back against the shower wall, trying to relive every moment of being with Ford.

When I heard the shower curtain moving, I opened my eyes. Ford was climbing in. "Don't stop on my account, darlin'. I'm enjoyin' this more than you know."

He was already hard and we were both aware of it. "I..."

He pressed his lips over mine. "If you wanted to be touched, all you had to do was ask."

Wet friction was all I could feel as Ford explored my skin. He watched his hands moving around and bit down on his lips as they crossed over my ni**les. For me, they were so sensitive that I let out a little moan. "Ford..."

He buried his head into my neck, letting his teeth drag against my skin until he reached my ear. "You can't get enough, can you?"

I could try to argue until I was blue in the face, but we both knew the truth. I wanted him. I didn't just want him one last time though; I wanted him as many times as it was possible. I wasn't ready to ride off into the sunset. Ford was too sexy to let go of.

He sat down on the shower floor and grabbed my ass, pulling my pu**y to his face. Gentle pecks were replaced with eager kisses, followed by his tongue. I ran my hand through his hair and tried not to pass out. He pulled away and turned me around. I didn't fight him, but when I felt his tongue licking from my pu**y to my little ass I was shocked. He pulled me closer, letting his tongue slide up and down my crack again. I felt weak in the knees and started falling down to the shower floor. He laughed, but spun me around and let me sit on top of him. "You know you like it."

I was too horny to speak. My pu**y was throbbing and there was only one thing that was going to fill my ache. I lifted my body and sat back down on his hard shaft, letting it glide in and fill me. "It feels so good," I cried out.

"Oh yeah. Fuck me, Sky. Ride me hard."

The friction intensified, as the water made funny sounds each time I slammed down on top of him. He kissed me hard, with no real pattern to the way our tongues touched. We teased each other with them, while the heat of our connection continued growing. I was on the brink when Ford slowed me down. He lifted me up with ease and held my hand as we both stood up. He turned me around and ran his wet hands up and down my back before running his finger over my ass. When it was penetrated, I cried out. Immediately, I knew what he wanted and it was something that I was afraid of.

He leaned down, grabbing my breast as he whispered against my ear. "Relax, Sky. I can't look at this ass and not want to f**k it."

I put one hand on the shower wall and felt his hard c**k rubbing against my entrance. He brought it lower, wetting it against my pu**y and spreading it over my ass. He placed it there, letting his stiff c**k tease me in my most sensitive area. My pu**y was throbbing and begging for attention, but Ford had other things in mind.

I concentrated and thought about his tongue being there. With chills flowing through my body just thinking about what he'd done, the penetration of his hard erection entering me was shocking. I tried to be calm, but it hurt like a bitch. He went slow, but grabbed my hips so I couldn't pull away. The pain was so intense that I felt like I was going to pass out.

After the fourth thrust, I was ready to tell him to stop, but then something happened. My body started to relax and I got a whole new wave of butterflies. With one slip of his hand, my clit was being rubbed as my ass adjusted to his c**k pumping in and out of it. Moments were all it took for me to scream out in pleasure. Ford loved my reaction. He slapped my ass and grabbed a handful of cheek. "Your ass feels so f**kin' good. Tell me you like it."

I screamed more. "I do. Oh God, I love it. Please don't stop."

Waves of pleasure continued to overwhelm me. My body was shaking and every inch of my skin was super sensitive. My pleasure was heightened above anything that I'd ever felt before.

Soon, Ford was holding me still. I could feel his c**k jerking inside of me, filling my insides with all he had to give. He collapsed on top of me and kissed my shoulder. When he pulled out of me, I felt free, but empty at the same time. Never in my life had I wanted to do something like that. The pain inflicted on me had given me pleasure that one could never explain. I was both pleasured and ready to do it again.

After cleaning off our bodies for a second time, we climbed out of the shower. Ford dried me off, before using the same towel for himself. "I'm goin' to miss your fine ass, Sky."

For just a second, I felt like we were on the same page.

Ford

I was consumed by her. Had my father not interrupted our sleep, I'd have been able to spend the entire morning lying naked next to her.

When I did go downstairs to see what he wanted, it pissed me off even more. All he wanted to know was where I had put a tool. It turns out that he didn't bother looking for it where it was supposed to be. Since he never put a damn thing away, he never assumed that I would have done so.

I had to admit that hearing Sky's car was going to take a couple days made me excited. Things had been too good for me to be able to let her just walk away. No woman had ever been able to please me the way she had. The best part about it was that she didn't have a clue what she was doing to me. The poor girl thought she was inexperienced. Instead, her natural instincts knew just where to touch and how to move.

My hands fit into her curves and just imagining touching her was turning me on again. Speaking of that, I'd never had so much sexual energy in my life. Sure, I wasn't out drinking every night or stressing about school work. My days had become so monotonous that I hardly worried about anything.

My dad was a whole different situation, even though he had issues, I didn't stress over it. I was so used to it that it didn't affect me at all. I was the poster boy for having f**ked up parents. Nothing was going to change that and me worrying about it was only going to piss me off more.

Feeling fulfilled, working was the last thing on my list of priorities. I made a few calls and found out that my friends were going to be at the beach. Even though one of my uncles and my cousins lived there, I wanted to avoid them at all costs. They were on my mother's side of the family, and with the exception of my cousin Shayne, I'd pretty much stopped talking to them.

When my friends confirmed, I knew I had a good reason to go there, so I offered to take Sky. I was so excited to be able to spend more time with her. It didn't even occur to me that I was driving her there to say goodbye.

At any rate, my friends would be there. It wasn't like I wanted to hang out and party with them, but knew they'd let me crash there after I'd dropped her off with her friends. The only problem was that I knew Ashley was going to be there too. Knowing that almost made me feel good, since Sky was going to leave me with the biggest sexual hangover of my life.

I approached my dad with my plan while he was focused on removing a distributor cap. "I'm taking a couple days off."

He stopped what he was doing and wiped the sweat off of his face. "Does it have anything to do with that little treat upstairs?"

I had to smile, just hearing the mention of her being at my place. "Maybe."

"Son, when I told you to hit that, I didn't mean for you to like it that much. You do know she's going to leave and never look back, don't you? Girls like that don't think twice about giving up their good lives and living in a place like this."

I leaned against the car he was working on and thought about the future that I'd always wanted for myself. Getting out of town had always been the priority. My dad was right. I knew I couldn't keep her around. "We're just havin' some fun, old man. Besides, her friends are there waitin' for her."

"Is she goin' to pick up her car and pay her bill on the way home, then? Are you stayin' there with her?"

I shook my head knowing the answer to that without asking her. She'd made it clear that she didn't want me near her friends. "I'm going to hang out with Ashley for a couple days, I guess."

"Ashley's a good girl, Ford."

I scrunched up my face thinking about how hard she partied. She wasn't the girl my dad thought she was. "Yeah, I'm over that. We can be friends, but we ain't ever goin' to be more than that. I can't trust that bitch."

He scratched his head and walked over to face me. "You know, life ain't just goin' to drop some hot blonde into your lap for you to keep. Take what you can get, Ford. I ain't goin' to be around forever, you know."

"Who said anything about a blonde? I'm taking her to her friends. She was an easy lay and you were right about me needin' some pu**y. Just drop it. I ain't gettin' into my personal business with you. Who I bang is not your concern."

My dad walked away, still commenting under his breath. "I bet she tasted as sweet as a peach. Back in my day, I'd have her beggin' for more."

After laying out what orders would be coming in to the shop and checking the slew of messages that Ashley had left on my phone, I headed back upstairs. I was starving and figured that Sky would be awake. Instead, she was exactly where I'd left her. Her legs hung out of the sheets, as did her arms, but the rest of her body was folded into the sheet that had come apart from the corners of the mattress. Her little arms were wrapped around a pillow as she slept soundly. She'd probably freak out about it, but her disheveled hair was sexy as hell.

I made two sandwiches and leaned against the counter just watching her. After I'd taken a couple bites, she opened her eyes.

I never looked away.

I couldn't, knowing that each second that passed drew us closer to when we had to say goodbye.

Chapter 7

Skylar

We got on the road later that afternoon after Ford took a nap. I stayed in the bed next to him, contemplating whether I should ask him if we could keep our arrangement going. Surely we could figure out a way to meet up once a month or something.

I woke Ford up and he started to get his stuff in order. He seemed to be in a foul mood, not really saying anything as we gathered our things and headed out to his truck. We put our two duffle bags in the crew cab and I put my purse under the seat without even a peep out of his mouth.

Ford pulled away from the old repair shop and we set out on our ride to part ways. For me, it was bittersweet. As much as I wanted to see my friends, the idea of saying goodbye to something that felt so great was difficult.

While driving through his small town I noticed two churches, a firehouse, a town police station, and a high school. The diner was the last place before we got back onto a deserted highway. "You really live in the middle of nowhere."

"It ain't that bad. We're about thirty minutes from a city. They even have a Walmart now."

"Wow, a Walmart!" I was being sarcastic.

"When I went away at college, I thought I wanted to live in the city, truth is I didn't like it very much. It was too fast. Everyone expected something out of you. After Harley died, I just wanted to be left alone."

I let my hand go out the window and feel the breeze. The sun reflected off of the passing cornfields; it really was beautiful. I could see how he would appreciate the quiet. "I get it. I guess I just wanted to be away from my family. They fight all the time and I wanted to get out and do my own thing."

He got quiet for a second. "Can you get my phone out of the glove compartment?"

I was shocked that he owned one, but I grabbed it for him and said nothing.

He turned it on and set it on the dash. I could hear it vibrating like crazy, so I grabbed mine out of my purse and turned mine on. Sure enough, messages started coming through.

He handed me his phone. "Can you read me the messages?"

I felt like I was invading his privacy in a way, even though he'd told me to do it.

"Ashley messaged you three times."

He shook his head. "What do they say?"

I looked down and read them in order. "Are you on the road yet? I can't wait to see you." The last message made my stomach ache. "I'll be waiting in our favorite spot, naked!"

I leaned over and sat the phone down on the dash in front of him, refusing to look at him, but wondering if he'd told me to look on purpose. "She just won't give up!"

The messages on my phone were about the same. Mack had sent over ten messages and I had a boatload of voicemails. After giving each pathetic message a once over, I turned my phone off and shoved it back in my purse. "Mine either. So, have you considered getting back together? She obviously thinks she has a chance. Didn't you know she was going to be at the beach?"

He shook his head. "Nah! I ain't gettin' back with her. The day after I broke things off she was bangin' my friend. All I've ever been to her was her way out of our little town. She never wanted to settle down there. Her daddy is the town councilman. She thinks she can have whatever she wants in life."

"She's very pretty."

"How about your ex? Any chance of you gettin' back together? I mean, after what you shared with me, I'd imagine he's missin' your fine ass by now."

I brought my knees up to my chest. "For a time, I thought we'd get married and start a life together. That all changed when I caught him cheating. I guess looking back I was a fool to think he'd be faithful. College isn't exactly an easy place to be in a monogamous relationship for a guy, no offense."

"None taken."

"He's begged me to give him another chance, but I can't stop seeing him with those girls." I looked over at Ford who, at the same time, looked over at me. "The truth is, I couldn't have done those things with you if I loved him as much as I thought I did."

"I take it I was your first one-night-stand?" He seemed proud to have taken my one-night-stand virginity.

"Yeah. I'm not the kind of girl that does something like that." I was feeling uncomfortable now that it was being referred to as a one-night-stand. "Not that I regret it. I just don't do that with strangers, ever."

"You enjoyed it as much as I did, Sky. Stop actin' ashamed. Nobody knows what we did. If you want, they never even have to know." He reached over and put his hand on my shoulder, squeezing it. "I'll never forget it, I can promise you that."

I smiled and looked over at him. "I won't forget it either."

He pulled over to the side of the road. "Why don't you climb over here and give me a goodbye kiss that neither of us will ever forget?"

I bit down on my lip and started pulling down my shorts. Ford matched my moves by unbuttoning his fly. When I had nothing left to take off, I climbed over and straddled him. "How's this?"

He kissed me once. "That's what I was talkin' about. Fuck me goodbye, Sky."

We were in the middle of nowhere, albeit someone could drive by at any time and I didn't care. I wanted to feel the heat between us one more time. His shirt slipped over his head with ease, allowing me to get my hands on his hard chest, while I teased him with my pu**y, letting it grind over his hard dick, without letting him penetrate me. He grabbed my ass and massaged it as I rocked back and forth, kissing him in a full blown make out session on the side of the road. It felt so right, being there in his arms.

"You want this pu**y, don't you?" He came in for another kiss and I pulled away. "Don't you?"

Ford grabbed my tits and pressed me back against the steering wheel. He dove in, sucking one nipple into his mouth, while pinching the other. I ran my hands across his neck and up through his hair. Then he reached one hand down and ran it over my wet pu**y. With a smile on his face, his finger went into his mouth as he tasted me. "Mmm, you know I do." He took his hand and went down for a second taste, bringing his fingers to his lips and sucking up all of my juices.

The third time he did it, I was already extremely turned on. It didn't help that his fingers ran across my lips, instead of his own. I licked them, tasting myself and becoming hotter from the pheromones that my own body was giving off. Ford leaned in, licking the remaining juices off of my lips before kissing me, mingling our tongues together. He grabbed my hair and controlled our kissing, while I rocked my body over his.

"I love how wet you make me. You want this wet pu**y?" I reached down and rubbed myself, pinching my clit between two fingers. Ford lifted me off of him and laid me down across the bench seat. He made sure I didn't stop touching myself as he leaned down and kissed my thigh. Something about Ford made me feel so free. It was like he brought out a dirty side in me that I didn't know existed.

"Finger yourself."

I licked my lips and slid two fingers inside of my wet pu**y. It was begging to be touched and the more I moved, the more I wanted it to be Ford's cock.

He pulled my fingers out and sucked on them, before sucking hard on my clit, spitting on it and rubbing it with his thumb. "I won't f**k you until I watch you cum. Show me how much you want my dick inside of you."

He put my fingers back near my opening and just sat there waiting for me to penetrate myself again. I slid them beneath my folds, paying extra attention to my clit. At first, it was hard to decide whether to watch myself or Ford watching me. Both equally turned me on and soon the decision didn't matter, because I was arching my body and letting go.

My fingers slowly came out as I sat there trying to catch my breath. Ford was busy looking up at me. "You're so f**kin' sexy."

"Please, Ford?"

I could hardly contain my anxiousness as he picked me up and took control of the situation. Within seconds I was straddling him again, and after a few more, he was sliding inside of me. The sheer beauty of how good it felt was sinful. I moved at a good pace, while Ford played with my naked tits and ni**les. It was as if he was savoring every inch of me, memorizing all that he could, for when we walked back out of each other's lives.

I wanted to give him something to always remember, so I reached down and started playing with my clit again. My tiny bud was overworked and ultra sensitive. I had to stop rubbing it, on account of losing control again, so instead, I reached up and removed his hands. After replacing his with mine, I began playing with my ni**les, tugging them as they hardened and tingled. He grabbed my waist and lifted me up, then let me fall back down, absorbing every inch of him inside of me. I gasped as he filled me and moaned with each thrust. When I felt his sudden release, I grabbed a chunk of his hair and pushed him toward one of my br**sts. He suckled it and lost control. Then we just sat there, naked and alone in his truck.

Finally, he kissed the top of my head. "I'll never forget the time we spent together."

"Neither will I."

After a few moments, we separated and redressed. While he started back on the road, I sat there knowing that he'd filled me with everything he had to give. He'd never offered me anything else. We were just passing through each other's lives. One day we'd stop thinking about each other. We'd find someone that made us happy and start a future with them.

It was the way of life; how it was all supposed to be.

For the rest of the ride, our conversations were kept to a minimum. Neither of us wanted to talk about the inevitable. In just a little while we'd only be a memory. His ex would be there waiting for him, and whether he decided to give it another go, it was none of my business.

As we reached the bridge to get to the beach, I almost asked him to turn back around. Instead, I watched him focus on the remainder of the ride. "What street is your friend's place on?"

"Just drive to the inlet. Her place is right there at the end."

This was it. We were spending our last few moments together and I had nothing else to say to him. It was horrible that I couldn't get the courage to ask to see him again. There he was, so close to me, and I was just going to walk away.

As he pulled up, I took a few deep breaths. He put the truck in park and looked over at me, tracing my cheek with the back of his hand. "It's been fun."

I smiled. "Yeah, it really was."

"My dad says your car will be ready in three days. Do you need a ride back?"

I wanted to ride with him, but it would only make me want him more. "No, thanks. I can get someone to take me."

"How about a kiss goodbye?"

I smiled, thinking of what had happened the last time he'd ask for a goodbye kiss. I laughed and then leaned over, pressing my lips into his. "Goodbye, Ford."

"Goodbye, Sky."

Just like that I grabbed my duffle bag and walked up the sidewalk. He watched me until I reached the door to my friend's place; he honked and pulled away when I waved back.

Then, he was gone.

Ford

Offering to take her to the beach was the second worst mistake of my life. I didn't want to feel emotionally attached to her, but the past twenty four hours had awakened a part of me that had been dormant for too long. Sky made me feel alive and I wanted to get to know her. I wanted to know everything about her.

Seeing her grab her bag and walk out of my life was hard. Even though I had friends waiting, I knew I didn't want to be anywhere around the people I knew. I needed to book a room somewhere that nobody would find me and drown myself in enough booze that Sky was just a fond memory. I was a fool to think that Ashley could help me get over the best sex I'd ever had. All she really knew how to do well was nag the hell out of me. As much as I used to the love the beach, I began to think I should just turn around and head home.

I'd gotten about a mile down the road when I noticed a strap sticking out from underneath the seat. Sky had left her purse in my truck. I reached down and grabbed it, pulling over to the side of the road. Without regard for ever being caught, I opened it. Inside I saw her wallet with her driver's license. I pulled it out and looked at her picture. She was wearing more makeup than I'd seen on her. It made her look older and hotter, if that was even possible. After putting her license back, I grabbed her phone. Normally, I wouldn't have cared about someone's belongings, but after spending the night with Sky, I couldn't help myself.

She had a pending text message from Mack, who I knew was her ex.

We need to talk. Where the f**k are you? I'm at the beach. Call me.

She wasn't going to be happy and I was furious that I'd dropped her off to be with him. Without any regard for oncoming traffic, I made a U-turn and started heading back to where I'd dropped her off.

Nothing could have prepared me for the confrontation that I was about to walk into. After parking and looking for the door where Sky had walked towards, I found myself following the loud voices, one of which was Sky's.

I prepared myself for the worst as I walked right inside without even knocking.

Chapter 8

Skylar

It took me a second to open the door and look for my friends. A part of me wished that I would turn around and see Ford coming toward me. When that didn't occur, I knew I had to go on with my trip as if he'd never happened.

What was waiting for me on the other side of the door was nothing like I could have expected.

Mack was sitting there on the couch talking to some other guy that I didn't recognize. He had a beer in his hand and barely looked up when I came walking through the door.

Once my bag hit the floor, and we caught each other's eye, that was a different story. He was up and in my face immediately. "Where have you been? I got here yesterday. I tried to call you to tell you I would come pick you up."

I wasn't about to tell him about Ford. "That's none of your business! I don't know why you came here, Mack. We're through!"

He grabbed my arm and I pulled away quickly, reaching for my bag before flying back out the door. When I smacked into the chest of a muscular man, I didn't have to look up to know who it was.

The two men froze and I threw my hands up between them. "Ford, I'm fine! It isn't what it looks like."

"What the hell, Sky? Who the f**k is this?"

Ford never flinched. He smiled and shook his head. "This is your ex?"

I tried to smile to the best of my ability considering the situation at hand. "Yes. I was just leaving."

"Let's roll then."

He grabbed my hand without giving Mack the time of day. I let him lead me, while looking back to make sure Mack wasn't following us and it was a good thing I did. Mack was coming at Ford full force. "Ford, watch out!"

Ford ducked just in time to miss a blow to the head. I backed up and watched as Ford got right up next to Mack. "You don't want to do this, man!"

Mack pointed to me. "That's my girlfriend you're defending. You need to walk away before I hurt you!"

Ford stood there, with his hands at his sides. "I ain't goin' to fight you. If Sky wants to leave, I'm goin' to take her."

"The hell you are!" He pushed Ford.

In the time that he cocked his arm back, Ford's fist went right into Mack's face. He fell against the railing on the deck and tried to regain composure. Ford was standing there ready. "I ain't kiddin' around."

Mack wiped the blood from his lip. He pointed to Ford, while looking at me. "This is what you want? This loser?"

"I don't want you, Mack. Get it through your head!" I grabbed Ford's hand and led him out to the road where he was parked. It took us only a few seconds to pull away from the curb and get the hell out of there.

"What was that?"

"I have no idea! I didn't even see any of my friends. He was just sitting there waiting for me. I guess they were at the beach or a club."

He held up my purse. "You forgot this. I was just bringin' it by."

I grabbed my purse and held it against my chest. "Thank God I did. I would have been walking home."

"I think it's time we exchanged numbers. You know, just in case you're in town, or you need a bodyguard," He teased.

I shoved him. "Oh, shut up! I can handle my own problems just fine!"

"Obviously!" He pulled into a motel and I wasn't sure what was happening. Once the truck was in park, he turned off the ignition and looked over at me. "Here's how I see it. You don't want to go back to your friends and since my ex is with mine, I don't feel like goin' there either. I think that we should get a room for the night and spend tomorrow on the beach away from anyone we might know. What do you say?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I hardly know you. What if you try to rape me or something?"

He leaned over and kissed me. "What if I do?" He brought his lips to my ear. "It isn't rape if you willingly give it to me, which I know you want to."

He was right. I couldn't get enough of him. There was nothing that I wanted more than to be naked in bed with him. "I think that spending the day together is a great idea."

He laughed and kissed my neck. "And what about the night?"

I giggled. "Are you trying to get into my pants?"

"I've already been there, darlin'. If I want to do that, it will happen without a fight, I can assure you that."

Ford jumped out of his truck and headed toward the main office, while I sat there wondering how in the world all of this was happening to me. All along I'd wanted to take this trip to get away from my ex and he'd been here waiting for me.

Along the way, I'd met Ford, who was beyond amazing at being sexy and a lover. The more I was around him, the more emotionally attracted to him I was becoming. It was dangerous for me, considering that we'd both been in serious relationships and this was obviously rebounding at its best. I'd just met the guy and already I was having these feelings like I wanted to explore making it something more.

It didn't help that he'd just rescued me from a terrible situation and now he was avoiding his own ex to spend time with me, the person who was a stranger days ago. It was all too confusing and without the nerve to ask him about it, I just wasn't sure what I needed to do.

The right thing would have been not to have slept with him the first time, or the second, or third. Now, it was too late to take things back, or to stop myself from wanting all that he was willing to give.

Finally, I'd come to the conclusion that I was just going to ride it out. Ford was offering me a good time and I was going to ride it for as long as he was giving it, literally.

When he came back out, he held up a key card to the room. "Do you want to get food now, or wait until we shower together?"

I like how he just assumed I was up for anything. He was so right! "I say we shower and see where we are when we're done. We could always order delivery and eat naked," I teased.

Ford shook his head and unlocked the door, holding it open as I followed him in. The room was an average motel room. One queen sized bed with a dresser and television across from it. A small round table was in the corner, with two chairs and the bathroom was in the back. Ford sat his bag down on the floor and grabbed me by the waist of my pants, pulling me into his chest. He moved the hair away from my face and tucked it behind my ear. "What am I goin' to do with you, Sky?"

"What do you mean?"

He smiled and kissed my forehead. "I never saw you comin'."

"I surely didn't plan on breaking down on the side of the road and sleeping with a stranger, if that's what you're implying."

"I never forced you!"

I pulled myself out of his arms and sat down on the bed. "No, you're right, you didn't force me. I slept with you because you gave me an offer that I couldn't refuse. I wanted to forget, to be able to heal. Maybe that was wrong, but it's working."

He kneeled down in front of me and ran his hands up my thighs, going under my shorts and up to my panties. "It's workin' for me, too. When I'm with you, I'm not thinkin' about my pathetic life. All I'm thinkin' about is pleasin' you. You're an addiction that I could get used to havin' around."

I kissed him slowly, taking my time and letting our tongues touch. If there were some way to make something out of this, I say, go for it.

I pulled away. "We live too far apart. I have school and your life is somewhere else. All we have is now and you know it. Sure, our paths could cross at some point, but I highly doubt that will happen. We'll get back to our lives and forget all about keeping in touch."

He sat back on his heals and just looked at me. "I guess since we've got this extra time together, we should take advantage of it, since it's all we're ever goin' to get."

I could swear that he seemed sad about what I'd said, but I didn't know him well enough to make that decision and be positive about it. Plus, I was too embarrassed to admit that I would have driven to that dead ass town every single weekend if it gave me the chance to be with him again and to feel what only he'd ever been able to do to me.

"I guess you're right!"

He stood up and removed his shirt, then his shoes, kicking them off in the corner. While taking off his pants, he turned to me. "How about that shower?"

I smiled, still feeling a bit sad that this was going to have to end at some point. Just knowing that gave me the will to stand up and begin stripping. I didn't want to waste a single second that we had together.

When Ford had removed all of his clothes, he just stood there watching me remove mine. His eyes were so focused on my assets that it was making me hot in all the right places. He bit down on his lip while I pulled off my panties and stood there for him to admire. He folded his arms across his chest. "Do you even know how sexy you are?"

"You just want me to f**k you again."

He laughed and approached me. "You have no idea how much. How about I take you in that shower, wash you, and f**k you so hard that neither of us can get out of bed for the rest of the night?"

A fire ignited between my legs hearing what he wanted to do. "You drive a hard bargain."

"Did you bring a razor?"

I cocked my eyebrow. "Why?"

"I want you to have the smoothest skin possible when I eat your pu**y again."

I walked backwards, grabbing my duffle bag and pulling out the razor and my toiletries. Ford had the shower running when I stepped into the bathroom. He was already standing inside, waiting for me to join him.

I don't know why, since we'd already been together so many times already, but I began to tremble. The anticipation of being with him and spending another day together made me giddy. It also made me feel like saying goodbye was going to be even harder.

He grabbed my chin and pulled my face up to look into my eyes. "What's wrong?"

I shook my head, but kept looking at him. "Nothing. Everything's great."

He leaned down and put his wet lips over mine. "You afraid I'm goin' to knick ya?"

"No! I trust you."

He pulled away and just looked at me. "You shouldn't trust people you don't know, Sky. Not everyone is goin' to be like me. I don't want to see you hurt."

Didn't he know that he was hurting me? Every single moment, that we spent touching each other, kissing each other, left me more confused. I didn't want to like him, but I did. I liked him a lot and I couldn't stop my need to feel our bodies connecting again. "I know that. I'm just in shock, I guess. I'm not used to things not going as planned."

"Do you want to get washed and just go out somewhere? We don't have to have sex. We could go on a date if that will make you feel better."

I wrapped my arms around him and closed my eyes. "No! Stay here with me. Please? You make the pain go away."

He kissed the top of my head and wrapped his arms around my back. "You're goin' to be fine, Sky. It just takes time to heal. It just takes time."

This was the first real time where I felt like his affection wasn't sexual. He cared about me, or at least that's the way it seemed. I felt safe and my failed relationship with Mack was slowly becoming a memory that I wasn't dwelling on. My mind was full of Ford.

Slowly, I kissed down his hard chest, licking at his ni**les, before getting to his waist. I grabbed a handful of his erection and got comfortable on my knees as I took him into my mouth. He didn't try to stop me, but instead, leaned back against the tile wall and closed his eyes.

If I couldn't have this man in my life every day, then I wanted to be the best he'd ever had.

Ford

One minute I was dropping her off, watching her walk out of my life the same way she came into it, then she was there, walking into the motel with me. The change of events was a lot better than assuming that I was going to have to hang out with my ex for the next couple days, pretending that I wasn't thinking of Sky every damn minute.

Her boyfriend was exactly how I expected him to look. He was dressed like a punk and held his shoulders like he was bigger than he was. His pu**y ass was no match for me. If Sky didn't throw her petite body in between us, I would have jacked him up. When a girl said "no", she meant it. Guys like him had a problem with that word and the boundaries that came with it. He's lucky I didn't tell him how Sky never said that word to me. In fact, she'd begged me for more and I gladly gave it to her.

After I'd checked in and got Sky in the room, I decided to end the slew of phone calls coming in on my cell phone. She needed some time to calm down, considering that she looked like she was ready to have me turn around so she could castrate her ex. I walked back outside and called Ashley and prepared to hear her sob story about how I should get over the past.

It rang one time before she picked up, which only reminded me of how desperate she was to get back together.

"I was wonderin' when you would call back. Are you coming or not?"

"I had a change of plans."

"So, you're not coming?"

"No. I'm kind of tied up with somethin'. You'll have to party without me."

"Did you hook up with that girl from the other night? Is that why you're dissing us? Is she with you now? Who is she?"

"Stop! I'm not gettin' into this with you."

"I just want to know. What does she have that I don't?"

"Do you really want me to answer that, Ash?"

"Yes." I could hear her starting to cry.

"She doesn't remind me of what I lost. When I look at her, I only see her and not anything else."

"That's not fair."

"Life isn't fair. I'm sorry for hurtin' you. We had some good times, but I can't go back to the way things used to be. I'm sorry for that. Harley is gone and she ain't ever comin' back."

"You act like I don't miss her too. I do, every single day. I wish I would have kept her from gettin' into that car."

"I wish you would have, but we both know you didn't do a damn thing to stop her. Ashley, I can't be with you and not think about that night. I can't do it. We just need to move on, meet new people and try to be happy, the best way we can."

"Did you sleep with her, Ford?" She wasn't going to give up.

"I'm not goin' to answer that."

"You don't have to. I can hear it in your voice. I have to go."

The phone disconnected and I stood there considering calling her back. She was crying and hurt. Just because I didn't want to be with her anymore, didn't mean I had to leave her hurt and jealous. I didn't want that. After smoking my first cigarette in hours, I decided to not argue about it with her. I had a second chance to be with Sky and she was in the room waiting for me.

After I stood outside for a good ten minutes, I headed back into the room, wasting no time getting my hands on Sky. Just touching her soft skin made me recall every inch of her perfect body. With every inch of skin I touched, a bad memory disappeared, my mind cleared and she was all I could think about.

As bad as I wanted her to be naked, I also felt like I was at a point where I wanted to know more about her. Admittedly, that was harder than I thought it would be. She was clearly running from a douche of an ex and I'd be adding fuel to the fire if I just pushed my way into her life without letting her breathe first. I got that she needed time to heal. The wounds were still fresh and I couldn't pour gasoline on them without expecting bad results.

Of course, that left us with one option.

More sex.

Soon, we were in the shower and I was standing there watching her take me into her mouth. The water beat down on her face and I blocked the stream with my head, focusing on watching her lips stretch across my erection. I held onto the shower walls with one hand and grabbed a chunk of her hair with the other, guiding her head to a better suited rhythm. I could hear the sounds of her mouth fighting the water and got off knowing she was doing this without me asking. This girl was perfect and the best part was that she had no clue.

Sky worked her magic as I concentrated on her every move. The problem was that we'd had so much sex that I was exhausted. I tried and tried, but couldn't finish. I could tell her jaws were getting tired, so I lifted her up and buried my head into her neck. "It's not you, I promise."

She giggled. "I was wondering if you were invincible. Now I know you aren't."

"You've worn me out." I pushed her wet hair away from her face. "How about I carry you to the bed and we finally get some sleep?"

She smiled and reached up to put her lips close to mine. "Can we be naked?"

I kissed her softly. "That's the only way I want you, darlin'."

Chapter 9

Skylar

After the water started to get cold, Ford picked me up and carried me to the bed. We didn't bother drying off as the cool water kept the heat of our bodies down. As soon as I was in his arms, I fell fast asleep.

Later, we both woke up and made our way into the bathroom to freshen up. While brushing our teeth, I saw him watching me. His eyes were locked on my pu**y and it made me instantly hot between the legs. The pain from all of our sex was constant, but I still wanted more.

He followed me out of the bathroom and sat down. I backed away from the bed, just enough for him to take all of me in, like he'd been doing. My hand traveled up my stomach, across my navel, then up further to one of my ni**les. I licked my lips and squeezed it between my fingers.

Ford grabbed his c**k and started slowly stroking it as he watched me pleasing myself. After climbing on the bed, I spread my legs and brought my knees up, giving him a full on view of my pu**y. Once I knew I had his complete attention, I reached down with my other hand and rubbed my folds. I didn't want to move fast, considering he was getting off from watching me. I let one finger glide in between, getting just a hint of wetness as I pulled it away and spread it over my folds.

Ford kept stroking his length, so I continued touching myself. My hand that had been rubbing my ni**les, slid down. I used two fingers and separated myself, opening my pu**y and rubbing on my bud at the same time. The harder my finger flicked that bud, the more my body began to jerk. Within seconds, Ford was on top of me, removing my fingers and diving in, sucking my lips into his mouth. He pulled away, making a sucking sound, then licked where his mouth had just been.

After flicking my clit a few times, he backed away and blew on it. I began to shiver and cry out in ecstasy. He dove in again, this time sucking my clit into his mouth. The pressure was heightened and I screamed out into the motel room, not caring who may or may not be on the other side of the walls.

Ford was getting off on my reaction and it made it even better for me as well. I felt his fingers sliding inside my pu**y walls. He patted my clit with the palm of his other hand, while shoving four fingers in as deep as they would go. The more I rocked myself against his hand, the faster he did it. I could feel my insides tightening around his fingers as I screamed out in pleasure, again and again. When my body finally settled, I felt him remove his fingers and watched him licking them. "You taste so f**kin' good."

"Mmm, you make me crazy."

He grabbed my legs and pulled me to the edge of the bed. While holding them and putting them on each of his shoulders, he leaned down and looked right at me. "How do you want me to f**k you, Sky? He grabbed his c**k and teased my opening. "You want this dick right there?"

I nodded, unable to speak.

"I love rubbin' my dick on your little cunt and seeing it open up for me." He slapped my pu**y with his c**k again. I shuddered and arched my body, reacting to him.

"I want you," I whispered, unable to breathe.

His warm c**k rubbed against my clit, down my folds and sat at the opening again. I tried to rock it inside of me, but he pulled away enough to prevent it. "I could cum right now, all over that sweet pu**y." He licked his lips and continued watching himself teasing me. I stuck my hand in my mouth and wet it with saliva then spread it over my hardened nipple. Ford groaned and closed his eyes for a second. Knowing he was so close made me tease him back more.

He stopped moving and smiled an ornery grin. "Turn around and get on all fours. I need to f**k you from behind. I need to see that fine ass jigglin' as I'm smackin' into it."

I followed his directions and rolled over, getting up on my knees and shoving my ass into the air. He smacked it first then rubbed out the sting. "Oh yeah, that's what I want."

With little effort, he entered me, filling me with his hard cock. I thought about how I'd had it in my mouth earlier and how he'd not let me finish him off, telling me he wanted to wait. I was in awe of this man and willing to let him explore every inch of me. When he touched me, no matter where it was, my body lost control. His pace was vigorous. I had to clench the sheets on the bed to keep myself from slipping forward.

I was more than surprised when he pulled out of me and flipped me on my back. He grabbed one leg and kissed my ankle. "I need to look at you when I cum."

My heart skipped a beat, realizing that was a bit more involved than a normal f**k. We were connecting and it excited me.

From the moment I felt his penis sliding inside of me again, I could feel myself letting go. I was falling for this man that I'd just met. I'm not saying that it was love, we'd only known each other for two days, but it was something.

I cried out, feeling the heat of passion running through my body. I kept my eyes focused on Ford. He smiled when he saw my body reacting, so he began pumping his thrusts faster, giving me all he had left in him. I felt him releasing inside of me for a second time without protection. He collapsed on top of me, breathing heavily. We were sweaty and trying to gain composure.

On a side note, I was happy that I'd been smart enough to get a shot to prevent pregnancy every six months. The last thing I needed was a kid at my age, especially with the father being someone I barely knew.

We laid there, letting the air conditioning cool us off. I played with his hair as he rested his head on my chest. "I should have bought condoms or pulled out. It just felt so damn good."

I smiled. "I can't get pregnant."

He looked up at me. "Never?"

"I get a shot. It last for six months at a time." It was funny that we were both thinking about the same thing.

"Well, it wasn't like I planned on spendin' another night together. You were pretty adamant about seein' your friends."

I looked into his eyes. "I would have stayed with you, if you'd only asked."

"Really?" He acted like it was a shocker.

"I like you, Ford." While lying there naked next to him, I felt my cheeks heating up as I confessed.

"Yeah, I like you, too, Sky. I ain't smiled in a long damn time. I know I played head games with you at first, but once I had you in my bed, naked, I didn't want you to leave."

I ran my hand through his hair again. "What happens now?"

He laughed and rolled over beside me. I watched him rub his face with his hands. "I reckon we need to go on a date, since we've done everything else ass backwards."

I leaned up on my elbow. "Are you asking me out?" The idea of dating him was making me giddy. He was so hot and fantastic.

"I am." He grabbed my hand and kissed it. "I want to lay on that beach next to your fine ass in a bikini. Then I'm going to take you on the boardwalk and I might even hold your hand, like this." He intertwined our fingers together in the air.

"What are we waiting for?"

Ford was so happy, he leaned over and kissed me, before getting up and pulling on a pair of swimming trunks. I ran into the bathroom and grabbed a quick shower before putting on my bathing suit. Ford met me in the bathroom as I was brushing my teeth again. He shared the sink with me and made a mess as he brushed his, just to be funny.

Fifteen minutes later, we were walking on the beach with a bag of doughnuts and two waters. I couldn't stop smiling, even though I knew at some point we'd have to say goodbye, even if it was temporary.

We laid on the beach and played in the water for hours, soaking up the rays of the sun and basking in each other's company. We talked, so much that I felt like I'd known him for years.

Did I mention how beautiful he was without his shirt? His tattoos made him tough, but that smile of his made me melt.

We left the beach and went back to the motel to get cleaned up. I felt excited about spending another night with Ford. We were having a blast together, even when nothing we were doing revolved around sex.

After spending the day on the beach talking, we learned that we had a lot more in common than we ever thought. We'd even been at a couple concerts at the same time. Ford and I not only had the same taste in music, but we also liked the same genre of movies.

He said he wanted to take me someplace nice for dinner, and since I had packed for a couple nights out with my friends, I had a few outfits to choose from. Ford wasn't prepared when I pulled on the little black dress and asked him to fasten the back. He gave me a once over and I could tell he was wanting to undress me. "Stop doing that!"

He laughed. "What?"

"You know."

He grabbed me and pulled me into a kiss. "We could always stay here and eat in bed. In fact, we could eat each other."

I pushed him away. "Take me out, right now, or you don't get any of this later."

He backed away, walked over and opened the door for me. "Lead the way!"

I smirked as I walked by, making sure he saw me doing it. "That's what I thought!"

It was all just playing, but we were having so much fun doing it.

Dinner was fantastic. Ford took us to a place that was on the roof, looking over towards the boardwalk. We watched the sun set, sitting in the sand, after we were done with our meal. Then we took a long walk on the beach, before ending up back on the boardwalk.

That's where all hell broke loose.

We were walking along, holding hands and minding our own business. I think we were both too focused on each other to notice anything going on around us.

Until I heard someone calling my name.

"Sky, is that you?"

I turned around to see my friend Lacey. Behind her, Mack stood with a couple of his friends. He pushed his way in front of her and stared from me to Ford. "What the f**k is this?" He motioned to our intertwined hands.

Ford didn't let go. "What does it look like?"

I let go of his hand and got between them. "Don't do this, Mack."

He looked confused and pissed off. "Why are you holding this ass**le's hand?"

I held Ford back again. "Because I want to."

"I came all this way for you and this is how you repay me? You f**k around with some douche?"

Ford moved me out of the way and pushed Mack to the ground. By the time I turned around, two of Mack's friends were holding Ford by the shoulders. I rushed over to Mack. "Please don't do this."

He pushed me away. "You did this, you whore."

Just when I thought they were going to jump Ford, I turned to watch him running toward Mack. "She's not a whore!" He punched him in the face, sending him right back down to the ground. "So back the f**k off!"

Mack surprisingly didn't get up. He sat there, holding his jaw and looking at me like I'd crushed his soul. Then he shook his head and laughed. "You can have her ass. She ain't nothing special anyway."

"You wouldn't know special if it slapped you in the face," I screamed.

We heard the whistle of police officers that were approaching us on bikes. Mack and his friends started backing away. "The next time I see your punk ass, it's so on!"

Ford didn't seem threatened at all. He spread his arms open. "Any time, any place!"

Mack spit in my direction. "See you later, you slut ass cunt!"

It hurt to hear him say that about me, after all the time I'd devoted to our relationship. Ford grabbed me by the waist and led me away from Mack and his friends. We passed the police, but they must have assumed we weren't involved. "I'm sorry they ruined our date. You didn't have to take up for me, you know."

"Don't worry about it. You don't deserve that shit."

"He didn't always used to be like that. You probably think I have terrible taste in guys." Mack had made a fool of himself.

"How about we just forget about that ass**le? The night is still young and he isn't going to bother us."

I looked down at the ground as we walked. "Maybe we should head back to your apartment? I've caused enough drama."

He kissed me on the head. "Screw him! He isn't goin' to ruin this. Aren't you havin' fun with me?"

I looked up at him and couldn't help but smile. "Of course I am. I've never been with someone like you."

He laughed as he watched where we were going. "Can you understand why I haven't wanted to get involved with anyone emotionally? People go all crazy when it comes to relationships. This thing between us works because we don't expect anything. It is what it is."

Except, it wasn't for me. Call me crazy, but I was seriously wanting more than just a couple days of hot sex with this guy. I wanted as much as I could get. "Yeah. I agree." I swallowed the lump in my throat and lied through my teeth. Once again, I couldn't embarrass myself and ask him for something that he wasn't willing to give.

As the moments passed, I realized that Ford wasn't using me, we were using each other. It wasn't love that we were feeling, but a desperate attempt to grasp lust at its best. I felt disappointed, but wasn't willing to back off on what was happening. It felt too good to let go of. I think I deserved to be selfish.

Ford

The longer I was with Sky, the more interested in her I became. I know that sex had taken up the majority of our time together, and when she met me I was a complete douche. Still, I couldn't stop thinking about wanting to know more about the girl; it was distracting me so completely.

Then there was the ex, who had conveniently ruined our date. Had it not been for him popping up, I wouldn't have been able to defend her again. After that was over with, I found myself liking the fact that I'd been there for her. I wondered if she appreciated it and if she'd want a boyfriend that would do anything to keep her safe. It was irrational to be thinking that way considering that we'd only known each other for a short time. She'd think I was crazy if I asked her to keep something going with me when we lived so far away from each other. Besides, it wasn't like I would ever have anything to offer her. My life was shit and my future wasn't looking too good either. Thanks to my worthless parents, I'd be stuck in the shit-hole town, working at a rundown auto shop for the rest of my life. What kind of girl would want that kind of future?

I had to stick to the truth, which was that no girl was going to want to be with me. Giving her false hope was just an ass**le move. Before the night was over, I needed to make sure Sky knew that this was as far as we were going to go, no matter how interested I was in getting to know her more.

We'd managed to walk out onto the dark beach. We were still holding hands as our feet got to the water's edge. "I like the quiet out here. The sound of the water blocks out everything else."

Sky looked out at the horizon. "Ford, thank you for canceling your plans and spending your time off with me. I don't know what I would have done if you hadn't come back with my purse. I wanted to come here to get away from him. My friends are ass**les for telling him that I was coming. I thought they had my back."

"Did you tell anyone else that you were going to the beach?"

She shrugged. "I left my roommate a note. I guess she could have told him. It wasn't like I said it was some secret. I just figured he didn't care. Obviously, he had girls he could hook up with while I was gone. I mean, he did it while I was still around. The fact that he came all this way doesn't change how I feel about him. Are all guys just meant to cheat?"

I laughed and sat down in the sand, using her hand to pull her into my lap. Once she was seated between my legs, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her back into my chest. "Guys think with their dicks. It's sad but true." I paused for a second. "That doesn't mean that we have to cheat to be happy."

"Did you cheat on your ex?" She traced my arms with her fingernails, giving me goose bumps.

"Not exactly. I didn't cheat on her when we were first together. We were good friends and I was happy bein' with her. Even when we fought, it made us stronger. Our senior year things changed. We were partyin' way too much and hangin' out with the wrong people. You've seen Ash, so you know she's beautiful. Everybody knew it. One night we were at a party at this guy's trailer. Things were crazy. We were smoking some home grown shit and taking shots left and right. The next thing I know, Ash is taking off her clothes and letting people do body shots off of her while she's in nothing but a pair of underwear. I was too f**ked up to realize that it wasn't cool, but aware enough to know that if guy's were lickin' all over her, I should be able to have the same thing. So I took this chick into the kitchen and we started makin' out. Next thing I know, we're in the laundry room f**kin'. Shit, I don't even remember most of it and I sure as hell didn't plan it."

Sky turned around and looked right at me. The moon was the only light that allowed me to see her concerned look. "What happened when she found out?"

I shook my head knowing it was going to disappoint her. "She never did."

"Seriously? Nobody said anything?"

"Nobody knew about it. The girl was just as upset as I was. We were all friends and didn't want a mistake to mess that up. We weren't even into each other that way. It just happened."

"Does Ashley know now?" Sky was still looking at me and I felt like I was being interviewed by the police or something.

"No. I ain't a complete dick. What she doesn't know won't hurt her. I still care about the girl, but I'll never want to be with her again. Too much has happened for that."

She finally sat back and leaned into me. I felt her grab my arms and wrap them tightly around her. "Maybe it's better never knowing. I could have done without the visual proof that I got."

I kissed the top of her head. "Did you ever cheat?"

She laughed. "No. I was innocent in all aspects until I agreed to have a one-night-stand with a complete stranger."

"It wasn't a one-night-stand, Sky. We're still hangin' out and it's been days."

She giggled. "And now you took me on a date. You're terrible at one-night-stands."

"Exactly." I ran my hands up to her br**sts and started playing with them. "I didn't hear you complain one time since I got you into my bed."

She reached up and ran her hands over my ears. "I tried not to want you. I kept telling myself that it was wrong and I wasn't the type of person that hooked up with a stranger."

"But you couldn't stop yourself?"

She shook her head and rolled over to face me again. Her lips were close to mine and I could feel her breath on my skin. "You should have never kissed me."

I kissed her ear. "You're probably right."

"Ford, would you come visit me at school sometime?"

It was what I wanted to hear, but it meant that she wanted to continue seeing me. Doing that would only hold her back from meeting someone that could give her a real future. Sky was a good girl. I'd taken advantage of that. Still, I couldn't see giving her false hope. "It's probably not a good idea. I don't keep promises very well."

I knew it hurt her feelings, but we were strangers and nothing else. Sure, I liked her and she liked me, but it wasn't enough when I thought about everything it took to have a relationship with someone. Even hooking up with her was giving her false hope.

She looked forward, out at the waves. "I get it. I guess I just don't know how to act. We aren't a couple, but we're hanging out like we are. I think you're great, by the way."

I ran my finger through hers. "I think your great too, Sky. I'm havin' a real good time hangin' out."

"So that's it? We just f**k and then say goodbye when we're done?" She turned and looked at me again with those sad eyes.

I tried to think of the right thing to say, but nothing came to me. "What do you want me to say? I can't make promises to you or anyone else. I ain't the kind of guy that you want to be with. I'm too f**ked up. I don't do feelin's and I sure as hell don't do commitments. I can't be that guy anymore."

"I thought we could be friends, at least. After what we've shared, I just thought you'd want that too."

"I don't want anything," I lied. She immediately withdrew from my arms and sat in front of me, saying nothing. She was pissed and probably regretted sleeping with me. At the end of the day it was what was best for her. I was too f**ked up to give her what she needed.

Chapter 10

Skylar

I guess I didn't think he'd be so blunt about not wanting to be my friend. We'd connected like two people should when they were in a relationship. Ford made it clear that we were never going to be anything more than a shared sexual experience. Hearing that made me feel ill. Maybe it was just me feeling guilty for sleeping with a stranger. It definitely didn't sit well when I thought about people finding out and being disappointed with me. I guess I was just regretting giving myself completely to a guy that didn't give a damn about even himself.

After a few moments of silence, I stood up and walked around by the water's edge. It surprised me when Ford walked up and made me look at him. He put his arms around me and held me close. "Don't be mad, Sky. I never lied to you about my intentions."

I shrugged. "I know. I just thought that..." I shook my head. "Never mind. I don't even know why I would think otherwise. You're right. You never made me any promises."

He ran his thumb over my lips. "Don't ruin this. We're both havin' fun here. Can't we just be together and not worry about tomorrow?"

I shrugged again. "I guess."

"You guess?" Even though I couldn't see his face clearly, I knew he was giving me a cocked eyebrow.

"Sure. Let's go back to the room and pretend tomorrow doesn't exist. I mean, I don't want to go home and think about Mack and what he did to me. Being with you allows me to not think about it. It feels good to not hurt so much. So, you can take me back to the motel and do whatever you want to me. I won't ask anything from you again."

Ford placed his forehead against mine. "I ain't tryin' to hurt your feelin's."

For someone that wasn't trying to hurt me, he did a damn good job doing the exact opposite. Being with Ford felt so natural. The way my hands fit into his and how he touched me made me feel like I'd been with him for years. I hated knowing that it was all going to end. "I'm fine."

His hands cupped my face as he pulled me in for a tender kiss that was loaded with more emotion than he was willing to reveal. When I opened my eyes again, I felt weak in the knees. "You want to head back to the room, or stay here for a while?"

I shrugged. "You can choose."

He looked back to the boardwalk at the people walking around and mingling. "What if we get a drink and walk around for a bit. It's still early and we do have all night to get naked."

After agreeing, we stopped at a local saloon on the boardwalk and had several drinks. I was feeling the alcohol when I stepped off my stool and stood for the first time. The drinks had been strong, not that I cared. I knew Ford would take care of me. We danced to the beat of the music and Ford showed me how good he was at doing two things at once. While his hips swayed to the music, his hands went up under my shirt and traced my bra line. I leaned my back against him, letting him do whatever he wanted to me, even though we were in a crowded place where everyone could see.

He tugged down one of the padded sides of my bra and massaged my nipple under my shirt. I closed my eyes and lifted up my hands, wrapping them back around his neck. He kissed the inside of my sweaty neck and growled in my ear. "We need to get out of here."

I agreed. Ford paid for our tab and we left promptly.

We'd been walking in the direction of our motel when I heard someone calling Ford's name. We both turned around at the same time and saw Ashley standing there with a bunch of people.

"Great!" Ford whispered under his breath.

I pulled my hand out of his and he didn't reach for it as she began to walk toward us. "I thought you weren't comin'." Ashley was ignoring the fact that I was standing there next to him.

"I said I had other plans." He was stern with his words. They felt cold and I wondered if she was going to react to them in a foul way.

"Shayne's here. I'm sure he'd like to hang out. You haven't seen each other in a while. He said he needs to talk to you."

I had no idea who Shayne was, but Ford didn't seem too happy. "How about you just tell him I said 'hi'."

I was trying to be invisible, even though I was standing right there with them. Ashley caught my attention when she looked directly at me and started talking again. "So, what's your name?"

"Her name is Skylar. Why do you care, Ash?" Ford didn't let me answer.

"Just tryin' to be nice to the girl who's f**kin' my man, that's all." Her smart comment rubbed me the wrong way, but Ford seemed to be the most offended.

"Let's go, Sky. We don't have time for this bitch." He grabbed me by the arm and started pulling me away from her.

Ashley followed behind us. "What's the matter, Ford? Can't she take up for herself? Don't you think she wants to know how you treat the women you're supposed to care about? Why don't you tell her how you only care about yourself?"

Ford let go of my arm and I watched, in slow motion, as he grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her closer toward him. "Shut your f**kin' mouth, Ash. I didn't come here for this shit. What I do with her is none of your damn business. I can f**k who I want."

The girl was starting to cry. "She'll never love you like I do, Ford. I'll wait for you to see that. I'll wait as long as I have to."

"Go to Hell!" Ford grabbed my hand and we left her standing there sobbing.

"Sorry about that."

"Why are you sorry? It's her damn fault for dredgin' up the past every time she's near me."

I stopped walking and looked right at him. "She still loves you. I can tell her heart is broken. She's just acting out because of it."

"It doesn't matter. I'm done! I don't want to be in a relationship with her or anyone else. Why is that so f**kin' hard for everyone to understand?"

I took his words personally. For some reason I kept hoping he'd want to see what could happen with us. It immediately spoiled my mood and my buzz. "We should just go back to the room. I don't feel like running into Mack when you're this upset."

"I'm not upset!" he raised his voice and started walking.

"Okay, whatever!" I followed behind him, getting shoved around by the crowds of people walking in the opposite direction.

He said nothing until we got to a dark street that led to the motel. "This ain't about you, Sky, but it is one of the many reasons why I don't want a girlfriend. I'm sick of the damn drama."

He opened the door and held it so I could walk in first. A familiar voice called his name, causing him to turn around before he could walk inside.

I peered out the door watching him walk back across the parking lot toward Ashley. "What the f**k do you want now? I told you to leave me alone, now you're followin' me." As he walked further away, I couldn't hear what he or Ashley were saying. I could see that she wasn't alone and that there was a guy with her, but was clueless after that.

The conversation continued and I decided that it was best if I just waited in the room for Ford to come back in. Whatever was going on between him and his ex was their problem. Since he'd made it clear that we were never going to be anything but this fling we were having, it didn't make sense for me to involve myself any more than I already was.

By the time Ford entered the room, I was starting to doze off. The alcohol had worn me out and I was ready to call it a night. I could tell from the way he slammed the door that he wasn't happy. He tossed his keys onto the table, removed his shirt, and climbed into bed next to me. "Is everything okay?" I asked.

He took his hands and rubbed his face. "Not really."

"Do you want to talk about it?"

I reached for his arm, but he rolled over and tucked it under the pillow. "No!"

I didn't get why he was being so mean to me. I'd done nothing to make him angry. Still, I knew enough about men to know that he wanted space. It would be better for me to get a good night's sleep and forget about the angry man lying in the bed beside me.

When I tried to close my eyes all I could think about was Mack. I imagined the things he was saying to those girls while they were naked in his bed. It made me cringe. After I tossed around, not able to get comfortable, I slid out of bed and walked over to the table. Ford's keys and wallet were sitting there. I traced the leather wallet with my fingers, before looking over to make sure he was sleeping. With him facing the opposite direction, I opened his wallet and looked inside.

There was a picture of a beautiful little girl standing next to him when he was younger. They looked so much alike and I immediately knew who it was. How sweet it was that he kept her picture with him all of the time? I ran my fingers over the plastic covering the photograph, just as I heard him stirring in the bed. Before he could catch me, I tossed the wallet on the table and turned to climb back in bed. Ford's arm wrapped around me and pulled me close to his warm body. I ran my fingers over one of his tattoos and closed my eyes. I felt safe there, like nothing could get to me as long as he was holding me. Sleep came easy, finally.

Ford

Running into my ex was bad enough, but my cousin being with her was even worse. At first I thought she'd followed me because she wasn't giving up. It turns out that it had nothing to do with our relationship. As she was walking away, Shayne caught up with her and said they needed to hunt me down.

Shayne was someone that I didn't want to run into. He was another link to my mother, since his father was my uncle; my mother's brother. My dad and I had cut that part of the family out after we lost my sister. Sure, there was a time when we were all very close. When Harley died everything changed.

Shayne and I had been inseparable since we were kids. He was a year older than me and had moved to the beach to become a lifeguard after graduation. His grandmother on his mother's side owned a beach house that they stayed in during the warm months. I remember spending a lot of time during the summer with him. We'd hunt for girls on the boardwalk and get into whatever we could.

Harley's death didn't just rip apart the family, it strained the friendship that I had with my cousin. Being with him was like being with her and I couldn't sit around and have that reminder when it hurt so much.

Him being with Ashley couldn't have been for a good reason. I knew they'd never hook up, so obviously he wanted something else. He held out his hand and I shook it. "Long time no see, cuz."

"Yeah. You want to tell me why you hunted me down in the middle of the night?" I didn't want to keep Sky inside waiting for me. He needed to cut to the chase.

"I'm not going to beat around the bush, Ford. Your mom is in town and things are bad. They're real bad. I called the shop and your dad said you were here. We've tried to help her, but she won't listen. Dude, she's goin' to die if we don't help her."

"What do you expect me to do for that woman? She abandoned her damn family." I hated hearing that she needed help. Did anyone understand how much resentment I had for this woman? What about when we needed her. We needed her to be our mother, our caretaker. She wasn't there when we graduated school or when my sister started hanging out with the wrong crowd. She wasn't there to fix our broken hearts, or care for us when we got sick. She was never there!

"I know you got issues with her, but are you willing to just let her die? You ain't that guy, Ford. We grew up together. I know you better than you know yourself right now. Even if you think it's the wrong thing to do, we still got to try. Lettin' her die like a bum ain't alright with me."

Knowing that he wasn't going to let up, I had to agree to help him. "What's your plan? If she's that far gone then she won't come willingly. She ain't right in her head, you know." My cousin was educated, yet somehow he thought that we could swoop in and do something for a woman that couldn't be helped.

"I know where she's stayin'. She saw me a few days ago and asked me for money. Apparently, she owes her supplier big-time. If she doesn't pay him the money, he says he's goin' to hurt her. She told me she'd rather die from drugs than let him lay a finger on her."

Was I supposed to feel sorry for her? Was I supposed to feel compassion for someone that abandoned her family for a habit? "What do you want me to do, Shayne?"

"I want you to care enough to help me get her out of there. My dad said he'll pay for her to get help. She ain't goin' to come unless she has a reason to want to live."

I shook my head. "She hasn't cared about me since I was a kid."

"You know that ain't true."

I scrunched up my face, feeling annoyed. "She chose drugs over her family. Her decision turned my dad into an alcoholic and ultimately, from having no real parents, my sister died. This is all because of her. I hate the woman!"

Forgetting that Ashley was still there, I felt a hand on my back and turned to see her. "Ford, I know you. If you can help someone, you will. You need to help your family. Stop bein' so stubborn."

"You're askin' me to care about someone that I haven't had nothin' to do with in years."

"She's your mother!" Shayne was adamant and I couldn't help but feel like I was obligated to help, regardless what my beliefs were.

I had a lot to think about, but mostly I had someone else that I was responsible for getting home. I couldn't just leave her in the room and go on some rescue mission.

I knew what I had to do. Right or wrong, it had to be done.

That was when I knew that our fun was over.

"You're goin' to need to give me some time to wrap things up with my friend. For the record, I'm doin' this because you asked me for a favor. I ain't doin' this for her."

Shayne held up his hands. "That's cool. Whatever it takes, dude."

"Give me a few hours. Pick me up at three. If we go and get her in the middle of the night, maybe it will make it easier." I couldn't believe that I was agreeing to this.

We shook hands and I watched the two of them walking away. The fact that Ashley knew where I was staying wasn't a surprise. We'd spent the night a few times at this same motel when we were in high school. It was probably the first place she looked.

When I got back into the room, I didn't know what I could say to Sky to make her understand; it wasn't like she knew me well enough in the first place. Had I not had a conscience, I probably wouldn't have even told her. Still, I wasn't the kind of guy to spend days with someone and walk out without giving some kind of explanation.

The problem was that I didn't want to walk away from Sky. We were having so much fun enjoying each other. Ending things was so permanent. I got myself so angry about it that I shut down when Sky asked if everything was alright. I couldn't find the words to tell her that I was leaving her to drive back to the shop, alone. She was going to hate me.

At first, I tried to go to sleep, but the longer I lay in the bed next to her, the more I wanted to feel her touch one last time. With only a few hours to spare, I kissed the back of Sky's neck, waking her from her peaceful sleep. As she stirred, I rolled her over so that she was facing me. "I want you." My statement woke her right up. Sky reached up and put her hand on my cheek. I kissed her arm and took in the way her skin felt against mine. It was hard to pretend that everything was fine, knowing this would be the last time we ever touched.

Without warning, I climbed on top of her and pushed up her top, revealing her naked br**sts. My lips brushed against one of her ni**les. She ran her hand through my hair as she moaned. When I felt her nipple going in between my lips, I sucked hard, causing her to cry out. I liked the way her voice became high-pitched when she got turned on. It was something I had memorized about her, not that any part of her would be easy to forget. Sky was a one-of-a-kind girl. She'd made me feel things that I hadn't felt in such a long time. I hoped that I'd been able to do the same for her.

When our lips met, neither one of us could stop the passion burning between us. We reacted as if we were completely in sync. Our hands explored while our tongues mingled together. Slow movements became rough and sundry. Her body grinded with mine like I was already inside of her, filling her with raw emotion.

My growing erection reminded me of my need. I tugged down on her panties until the skin of her naked pu**y was exposed. My lips moved away from her mouth, kissing their way down to that sweet spot. I took my fingers and rubbed her there, making sure my fingertips gently stroked over her clit. She bucked as I did it again. It made me smile as I leaned close to kiss her there.

Sky sat up, watching my every move. I stuck my tongue out of my mouth and coasted it across her pu**y lips. Wet from my saliva, I licked them again, this time going up further to put pressure on her clit. She moaned again, letting me know exactly where she wanted me licking. I paid close attention to the sounds that escaped her as I licked on her hot bud again. With each flick of my tongue her body twitched. She was clearly in her happy place.

Soon, my saliva wasn't the only thing making her so wet. Her natural juices let me know she was ready to be filled. I felt her legs reaching up and her feet pushing down my shorts. I sat up and helped her get them off, while pulling her panties the rest of the way off her own legs. When I got to her face she pulled me into her lips. We kissed roughly, with no real pattern, while I grabbed my c**k and placed it against her entrance. I was so eager to be inside of her that I didn't waste any time teasing her. With little force, I slid inside of her. The warmth overwhelmed me, almost making me move without instructing myself to do so.

I felt her legs wrapping around my back and sat up, pulling her into a sitting position with me. I grabbed her hair on both sides and looked right into her eyes, while she rocked her body back and forth. The friction was undeniably the best feeling a man could ever have, with the exception of the orgasm itself. This was as close to heaven as I had ever been.

Knowing that it couldn't last forever, I needed her to remember it. I didn't tell her what I was doing when I pulled out of her and pushed her down on the bed. She leaned up on her elbows as I sunk down to her pu**y and sucked it into my mouth. I let go and repeated the process, sucking on her clit until she cried out and dug her nails into the sheets. Just knowing that I'd given her such pleasure was enough for me to finish without even being inside of her. Since I didn't want that happening, I moved back up and entered her.

We switched positions, with her on top. I watched her reach up and grab her hair. I was so turned on just watching her br**sts moving around that I wasn't sure whether to grab them or play with her pu**y. She rocked her body, making the friction incredible for me. I had to grab onto her ass to get her to steady before I lost it too soon again.

Sky spun around and started riding me backwards. It felt amazing, and I got off holding onto her hips as she did it. I was close but managing myself fine until she started playing with my balls. The moment I felt her fingers touching them, I lost it. My hands dug into her sides, causing her to still while I exploded inside of her.

We were still attached as she leaned back against my chest and kissed me. I wrapped my arms around her and held her there. This was how I wanted to remember her and how I wanted her to remember me. In a few short hours I'd be gone and she'd never forgive me.

This was our goodbye.

Chapter 11

Skylar

The only reason I woke up was because I felt cold. Sure enough, I was lying in bed alone. At first I thought Ford was using the bathroom, except he never came out. I finally got up and looked around outside for him. His truck was there, but there wasn't anyone in sight. I headed back into the room and saw a note sitting on the table.

I was surprised that I hadn't seen it before, although I hadn't been looking.

Sky:

I'm sorry for leaving without waking you, but you seemed so peaceful sleeping. I lied to you last night when I said nothing was wrong. Someone that I care about is in trouble and I'm obligated to help them, whether I want to or not. I just want you to know that I will never forget the days that we shared. You made me feel alive and I owe you big time for it. As far as getting back to your car goes... I've left you my truck. The room is paid up until tomorrow. My dad says your car will be ready when you get back.

Take Care,

Ford

He'd left me there all alone without telling me. Had I known he was going to do that I would have made other arrangements. Now, I was obligated to drive his truck back and possibly see him. Words could not describe how let down I felt. This was someone that I trusted. I'd given him parts of myself that no other man had ever touched.

How could he just leave and think that I'd be okay about it?

I tossed his letter into the wastebasket and fell on the bed, letting the tears fall down on my pillow. If this was what sleeping with a stranger got me, than I didn't ever want to experience it again.

After some time, I finally got myself together enough to gather my things. Along with my belongings, I found Ford's t-shirt behind the bathroom door. It still smelled like him when I held it up to my nose. As pissed off as I was, I didn't want to let go of the past couple days.

My heart was numb from the loss of Mack and now Ford. I didn't know which one of them I was hurting for more. Mack had been a huge part of my life, but he'd never once made me feel the way Ford had on the first night we'd met. Each time we were together, those feelings intensified. I didn't understand it and now I would never know what could have been.

Our tryst was over and I was alone in a dark motel room, holding the shirt of a man that I may never see again.

After showering and getting dressed, I gathered my things and tossed them into the truck. It was a beautiful day outside and I loved the way the sound of the seashore relaxed me. I thought about calling my friends, but didn't really want to deal with Mack, so I headed out onto the beach myself. It was a good thing that I was wearing sunglasses. Five minutes after I laid down on the beach-blanket, I started bawling. I hated myself for my decisions and just wanted to disappear.

A little after noon it began to rain. Since I'd checked out of the motel, I knew I didn't have many choices of sticking around. The truck was bigger than I was used to driving; at least I would be on country roads the whole way.

To say that I was reluctant to see Ford again would have been an understatement. He'd left me at the beach to run after some friend. For all I knew, he'd hooked up with his ex. She was the one who had come to the door and argued with him. It didn't even matter, really. When he wrote me that note he knew whatever was happening between us was over. I needed to get that through my head and forget about it.

After the long drive I was happy to pull into the auto repair shop and see my car sitting in the parking lot. I hoped that the keys were in the car, but figuring since I hadn't paid yet, I'd have to go in and face him.

The doors to the shop were locked and the lights were turned out. It was weird since it was still early, but maybe they closed on certain days. Without another choice, I knew I'd have to knock on Ford's apartment door to get my keys. I climbed the metal stairs and knocked twice. While waiting for him to answer, I felt like I was going to vomit. What was I supposed to say to him? Could I even look him in the eyes?

My heart started beating out of my chest as I heard the doorknob turning.

Ford wasn't the person standing on the other side. It was Ashley and she was wearing only an oversized t-shirt. "What do you want?"

"Is Ford here?"

She looked behind her. "He's indisposed."

I looked down so she couldn't see my reaction. He'd left me to screw his ex after he'd lied and told me that she meant nothing to him.

Men suck!

"I brought his truck back. Do you know how I can get my keys?"

"Hold on." She left the door wide open and walked over to the kitchen. My keys were on the table, so she picked them up and brought them to me. "Anything else?"

"I need to pay for the repairs."

She raised her eyebrow. "From what I hear, you already did. Did you really think he was a nice guy? Ford isn't nice and nothin' he does is out of the kindness of his heart. You gave him exactly what he wanted."

I thought about what she said but then felt like I needed to defend myself. "If he's that bad, why are you with him?"

"We have history."

I pulled out a hundred bucks and put it in her hand. "Tell you what, you take this money and tell Ford to shove it up his ass for all I care." When I walked away I felt like I was going to throw up or pass out. I managed to get my car unlocked and started it up before I lost it again.

Had everything we shared, including our chemistry, been some game to him? I felt ill again, considering that I'd been used in the worst way. I'd given him my body without thinking that I meant nothing to him. How had I let my self-respect go out the window like that?

I drove for at least an hour before I pulled over. It was important for me to get as far away from Ford's town before I broke down. The one good thing was that nobody had to know what really happened between us. I could tell myself that it was nothing and move forward. I could forget about him and hate him, just like I was going to do with Mack.

I'd left for the beach wanting to forget about my cheating ex. I'd come back with a broken heart from a man I barely knew anything about. Men were all the same and it was time that I accepted it.

Ford

From the moment I climbed into my cousin's car, I missed her. I looked out the window while he drove and thought about the way her smile brightened up the room. I thought about the way her hair smelled when the breeze blew it around. I recalled her tiny fingertips and how they felt when they drug across my skin. Hell, I even smelled my fingers hoping to still have her scent on me.

It was pathetic, I knew, but I couldn't get her out of my mind. I didn't want to.

This convoluted rescue mission was f**king up another part of my life. How much more could my deadbeat mother take away from me?

The place she'd been staying at wasn't even a real dwelling. On the door were signs that the building had been condemned. We entered through the broken door and walked through a hallway full of people sprawled out. I'd never seen so many junkies in real life before. A part of me wondered if they were going to stick us with dirty needles as we walked by them.

Shayne wasted no time asking a couple of people where she was. We found her moments later in a room with three other women. Two were on the bed with her passed out. A candle illuminated the nightstand and needles, spoons and plastic baggies were all over it. The woman didn't look at all how I remembered her. She was frail and skinny. Her bones stuck out everywhere. When Shayne called her name, she didn't even flinch. I almost thought he had the wrong person.

"Ford, we're goin' to have to carry her."

I looked at him, wondering how many times he had said my name. This couldn't be really happening; it had to be a bad dream. "What do you want me to do? This bitch is stoned out of her mind. Clearly she ain't too concerned about owing someone money."

"Damn it, Ford, she's your mother."

"No, she's not. My mother's dead." I didn't care if she heard it. Seeing her like that made me sick. I just wanted to get the hell out of there.

Shayne punched me in the gut before I could see it coming. "Say that again, you cocksucker. She is your mother whether you like it or not. Pick her up or I am goin' to kick your ass and leave you in here with all these junkies."

I grabbed her feet and she started to come to. "What's happening?" Her words slurred.

"We're gettin' you out of here, Aunt Mary. Just hang on."

The woman's eyes peered at me and I knew she recognized me from the way they opened. I looked away, unable to face the fact that she was so far gone.

Ashley opened the car door and helped us get her into the backseat. Once she was secured, she passed out again. I had to step away from the car to gather myself enough to make the drive back. Nothing could have prepared me for seeing her in that condition.

Ashley walked over and tried to comfort me. She put her arms around me and hugged me from behind. "Are you okay?"

I let her hold her arms there, since she knew I was dealing with things. Even though I didn't want to be with her, I appreciated her caring enough to stick around to help. "Yeah. She's just...I don't even know what to say. She's f**ked up. That ain't my mother, Ash. I don't know that person in the backseat."

She let go and came to face me. I felt her grabbing my hand and looked her in the eyes. "We can't just leave her like this, Ford."

I pulled away. "This is a nightmare! I came here to relax and instead all this shit started happenin'. Now I have to take my strung out mother home to my dad, who isn't goin' to know what to do for her. I could kill my uncle for puttin' this shit on us."

"Shayne said that she wasn't so bad until she found out about Harley. He said it sent her off the deep end. They've been tryin' to keep track of her, but you can imagine how hard it is when she doesn't want to be found. If she hadn't messed up and not paid her supplier, they would have never found her."

"Ash, I hate that woman. She ruined my life. She's not a mother and I don't want to hear that she was broken up about Harley. She doesn't have a f**king right to say her name. She lost that privilege the day she walked out on us." I ran my hand through my hair, picked up a rock and threw it as far as I could. "That woman is as dead as my sister. You hear me?"

When we got back into the car, I said nothing to either of them. The junkie in the backseat, who gave birth to me, never opened her eyes. I didn't look back to check on her much, considering it made me sick each and every time. The fact that she'd done that to herself was appalling.

We arrived at the auto shop at daybreak. My father came out to meet us, with my uncle beside him. Apparently, I'd been the only one left out of this plan until the last minute. I wasn't sure what pissed me off more. The fact that they'd planned it without me, or that they expected me to be okay about it.

Once the car was in park, I got out and went right up to my apartment. I didn't help them get her out, or say a single word to my family. They needed to know where I stood when it came to helping her.

Was I being an ass**le? Maybe I was.

All I knew was that I watched my mother walk out of our lives and never look back. I never got birthday cards or Christmas presents. I never got phone calls or an "I love you". She was never there to hug me or congratulate me.

SHE WAS NEVER THERE!

I downed a bottle of Jack that someone had given me last year for my birthday, before plopping down on my bed. I wanted everyone and everything to disappear.

I woke up running to the toilet, because I felt like I was going to throw up. When hands reached down and touched me I looked up to see Ashley standing there with no clothes on. "Are you okay?"

I spit in the toilet and sat on the cold floor. "What the f**k are you doin' here? Where are your clothes?"

She smiled. "You took them off, don't you remember?"

I covered my face with my hands. "Fuck!" I shook my head, but refused to look at her. "No, I don't remember. You're kiddin' right? I think if I did then I would have known..." I could see it in her eyes that she was hurt I didn't remember. Then I looked down at my body and realized I had nothing on either. "Shit! How much worse can this f**kin' day get?"

I stood up and started the shower, hoping Ashley knew me enough to get the f**k away from me.

The water beat down over my head and I just stood there trying to get a grip on the last twenty-four hours. So much had happened and the only thing that came to my mind was Sky. I wondered where she was and if she was thinking about me. I wondered if I'd gotten so drunk that I thought I was with her again, instead of Ashley.

When she came to get her car I had to talk to her. I had to tell her that I'd be willing to drive anywhere to see her. I wanted her to know that if I had a choice, I would still be at that motel with her in my arms.

Everything else that had happened meant nothing to me. Ashley may have taken advantage of me being inebriated, but she was about to get a rude awakening. We were done, as far as I was concerned.

I had to talk to Sky. She was the only person who could take away my pain. I wanted, no I needed, to be with her again.

Chapter 12

Skylar

The pain that ripped through my heart didn't just go away. When Mack showed up at my room the moment I got back I knew I couldn't handle being there either. Without regard for my upcoming classes, I packed up my things and called my parents to tell them that I wanted to come home. To say that they were pissed would have been an understatement. The only thing that kept them from telling me to grow a set was that Mack cheating on me hurt them too.

When Mack saw me loading up my car, he tried to talk me out of it. "What are you doing, Sky?"

"I'm getting the hell out of here!" I tossed the last box in the trunk and shut it.

He grabbed my arm and tried to get me to look at him. "Sky, please. I love you. I don't want you to leave. I made a mistake, but we can work things out. Weren't you happy with me? Don't you want our future together?"

I pulled away from him and leaned on my car, knowing damn well that he wasn't going to let me leave. "I can't even picture a future with you, because when I close my eyes all I see are you banging two ghetto sluts."

He chuckled and tried to grab me again. "Babe, I was drunk. It meant nothing. You're all I care about. I swear it won't happen again. I drove all that way to be with you, to make up."

I opened my car door and tried to hide the tears that were falling down my face. "I can't do this with you. We're done! It's for the best."

"You cheated too, you know. Don't even try to deny that you hooked up with that dude from the beach. I saw you with him."

I threw up my hands. "We weren't even together. Even if I did sleep with him, I didn't cheat. It doesn't even matter. I'm never going to see him again."

Mack put his leg in between my body and the door, preventing me from being able to get in. "Let's start over. Just give me another chance. I won't do it again. Don't throw away all of our years together."

I shook my head and wiped away more tears. "You don't get it. I'm tired of hurting. I don't want to feel this pain anymore. You did this to me, Mack. You broke my heart."

He pulled me into his chest and I stopped fighting him. I needed to feel comfort, even if it was from someone that I was so angry at. Mack may have broken my heart, but he was also someone that could make some of that pain go away.

As soon as I felt him holding me, I thought about Ford. He'd made me feel safer than I ever did with Mack, not that it even mattered. Ford was a stranger that I'd probably never see or hear from again. He was a memory that would fade with time. Whether he'd used me or not was irrelevant. His touch would be something that always brought me comfort. With my eyes still closed I pretended that Mack was Ford. It made it easier to take.

We stood outside of my dorm room for a long time before I finally caved and let him come inside with me. When my roommate saw him with me, she got up and left without a single word. I almost wished she would have intervened. I knew I was making a mistake, but I couldn't stand the idea of being alone.

Mack sat down on my bed and pulled me onto his lap. He kissed me tenderly on the top of my head while I cried. The sad part was that I wasn't certain my tears were for him at all. The more I thought about Ford, the more I missed him. How could I be experiencing such deep feelings for a stranger?

Mack grabbed my face and kissed me on the lips. Once again, I pretended he was Ford kissing me. Each stroke of his tongue reminded me of how much of a better kisser Ford was. When he groped me with his hands, I thought about Ford's calloused hands touching me there. I was getting turned on thinking of Ford touching me, while Mack was the one doing it.

It was sick and depressingly sad that I had resorted to these sorts of actions. I felt like if I let go of Ford that I'd never feel that alive again. When Mack reached down my shorts, I had to stop him. I couldn't have sex with him so soon after being with Ford. It wasn't right and I already felt like a whore for everything I'd done in the past few days. "I'm not ready for that."

Mack pulled away, looking disappointed. "You seemed pretty into it."

I stood up and walked over to the window. "Well, I changed my mind." I ran my fingers over my temples. "Look, I need time to think about things. I can't just pretend nothing happened to get us to this point."

"So, you're just going to leave?"

I waved my hands around, expressing my frustration. "I don't know what I'm doing. Can you please just consider that things are messed up for me right now? I need space."

He stood up and looked at me. "Is that because of that guy? Who was he, Sky?"

How did I answer that? I knew it shouldn't have anything to do with Ford, but it had EVERYTHING to do with him. "Please, Mack. I need to get out of here for a couple days without you following me. I'm going home."

"Are you sure you aren't going to see him again?" It pissed me off that he thought he had a right to be jealous, after what he'd put me through.

"I'm not going to see him. I don't even know his phone number." I regretted that part. "There is no other guy. He was just someone I met at the beach," I lied.

He pulled me into his arms again and placed his forehead against mine. "Promise me that you'll think about being with me again. I can't live without you, Sky. You mean everything to me." He kissed me on my nose. "I need you and I am so sorry for hurting you this way. I'll do anything to have you back, babe."

I stepped back, leaving him standing there watching me. "I appreciate that you feel that way. I just need to have a clear head before I make a decision like that. I hope you can understand."

For the first time, I saw Mack starting to tear up. I don't know why, but I wanted to laugh. Did he think those tears were equivalent to mine? Did he think that if he shed some of his own I would drop down on my knees and give him head? Emotions weren't a game and I had no remorse when it came to that. He'd cheated because he wanted to f**k someone else. After experiencing Ford, I wondered if Mack was just as unhappy as I was. Maybe we weren't compatible with each other and because of that we'd never been completely satisfied.

Mack saw me to my car and waved as I drove away. I tried not to get emotional, but it was ridiculous to think I could control my feelings that way. My heart was shredded and I wanted to run until I felt nothing.

Ford

Consumed with guilt. That's what I was.

I felt guilty for sleeping with Ashley. I felt guilty for being a dick to my mother. The worst guilt came when I thought about leaving Sky. After I'd gotten myself over sleeping with my ex, she let it slip that Sky had already come to get her keys, while I was in the shower. I didn't have to wonder why she didn't stick around, since Ashley was barely dressed when she answered the door.

That was it. Sky had walked out of my life just as fast as she walked in it. With no phone number and no other way to reach her, my chances of ever seeing her again were over.

Ashley still hadn't left and since the damage had already been done, I didn't make a big deal about her leaving. I was still pretty drunk and liked the idea of not being alone. She didn't try to touch me. I guess she realized that we didn't screw because I secretly wanted it. She kept to herself, lying on the bed next to me watching television. I put a pillow over my head and tried to go back to sleep, but my head was starting to pound. I turned over and looked at my ex. "Ash, did she look sad?"

She shrugged but didn't take her eyes off of the television.

"Would you look at me. I need to know. Did she look upset?"

"Why do you care? Who is she anyway? I've never seen her. Did you meet her at college?" I wish she had gone to my college. She'd be easier to find.

"No! It doesn't matter how I know her."

"Whatever. She handed me the money and told me to give it to you. I didn't really care how she looked." She rolled in my direction and grabbed me between the legs. "I can make you stop thinkin' about her, you know."

I grabbed her hand and moved it off of me. "That's the thing. You really can't."

Ashley sat up and looked right at me. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"This thing between us isn't goin' to happen, Ash. You know it as much as I do. I've got too much shit goin' on to rehash our f**ked up relationship."

"You really like her don't you?" She hugged herself and looked down at her knees.

"I did. Not that it matters now. I'm sure she's long gone by now. I f**ked that up myself."

Ash stood up and started pulling on her shorts. "I wish I could be what you want."

I reached over to the bedside table and grabbed a cigarette. It was funny how I'd barely smoked when I was around Sky. She kept me happy enough and I never felt stressed. I lit it up and looked over at Ash. "Yeah, me too."

We stared at each other for a second and I knew what was coming. Ashley had tears running down her cheeks as she walked up to my side of the bed. She lifted off my shirt and tossed it on the floor, then took off her shorts. "I may not be what you want, but I can be what you need."

I took another drag of my cigarette and looked at her naked body. She moved slowly, climbing on top of me and straddling me. Then she grabbed my cigarette and took a drag before sitting it in the ashtray. "What are you doin'?"

She leaned down, close to my face. "I'm distractin' you."

Her lips brushed over mine. "I'm not in the mood." I tried to move, but she reached down and grabbed my cock.

"You're always in the mood, Ford. That's one of the things I love about you." She started stroking me and pressed her soft lips against mine again.

What was I supposed to do? I didn't have a girlfriend and I was all f**ked up in the head. If Ashley could ease my stress, and she was willing, I wasn't turning her down.

There was only one problem, well two, if you count me being sexually exhausted.

Sky.

I couldn't get the girl out of my mind.

I kept comparing the things that Ashley was doing to me, to how Sky had done it. I even closed my eyes and tried to imagine that Ashley was Sky. It was wrong in so many ways, but I couldn't stop myself. I was desperate to feel her touch again.

I could see Ashley taking me into her mouth, but closed my eyes and imagined being in the shower with Sky. I could feel the water trickling down my body as she pleasured me in a way that Ashley never could.

Before I knew what was happening, I was finishing in her mouth. She got up and ran to the bathroom, to spit it out. I almost wanted to laugh, but felt too bad to add fuel to the fire. Then she came out of the bathroom like she was some queen. "Looks like I can still take your mind off of things." She crawled into the bed next to me.

"Somethin' like that."

Ashley finally fell asleep a little while later, after going on and on about how she could suck my dick like a champ. Amazingly, I never laughed while she gloated.

Once I knew she was out, I got up and got dressed. There were things going on that I needed to know about. Besides, sleeping next to Ashley was out of the question. I'd already had enough f**k-ups for one day.

I took a deep breath before I opened the old farm door to my father's place. Voices were loud enough that I could tell they were in the kitchen. I hadn't seen my Uncle Hank since the funeral and wasn't excited about seeing him here. He'd made it clear that I should have looked out for Harley, better than I had. In fact, he pretty much blamed everything on me being irresponsible. It didn't matter that I wasn't at the party or the one drinking and driving. All that mattered was that he needed someone to blame and I was the easiest mark.

Shayne was sitting in the recliner when I walked into the house. "I was wonderin' if we'd see you tonight."

I scratched my head and chuckled. "I was indisposed for a bit. Anything new I need to know about?"

"We're takin' her to rehab in the mornin'. It's a facility about an hour from here. She'll be under twenty-four-hour supervision the whole time. They'll make sure she is comfortable when she goes through withdrawals. I hear the process is unbearable."

"Yeah, I heard that too." As much as I didn't care about her getting clean, I worried about how this was affecting my dad.

"How's the old man doin'?" He couldn't have been well. As far as I knew, he hadn't seen or heard from my mother in years. As sad as it was, he never gave up hope thinking she would come back to us one day. He used to say it to my sister all of the time. It was sad.

"I haven't gone in there much. Dad's been fillin' him in on the program. He doesn't want to make any decisions without your dad though, since they're still legally married."

"Yeah, right."

He held up his hands. "It's what the law says. If your dad decides he wants nothin' to do with her, we can have my dad get a power of attorney."

I just shook my head. "She's got to want to do this herself. It ain't somethin' she can just stop doin'. People want to think they can make addicts change. It doesn't work that way, cuz."

"She says she wants her life back." It annoyed me that he spoke to her about it. Why did they care so much for a woman that abandoned her family? She'd stolen from them and they still wanted to help her.

I walked into the kitchen but refused to look at my uncle. Not that it mattered once I saw my father sitting there in tears. Next to him was my mother, who I thought was passed out somewhere. I froze. The last time I saw him like this was at Harley's funeral. Thinking about that day made me start shaking. I felt like the room was spinning and I leaned against the doorframe connecting the two rooms. I could hear them calling my name, but then everything got blurry and I fell to the floor.

Chapter 13

Skylar

By the time I arrived at my parent's house it was the middle of the night. I'd already used my key and climbed the steps toward my room before seeing my father in his bathrobe. "Hey, pumpkin."

I dropped my bags and threw my arms around him. Knowing that I was there and I was safe, I just let myself cry. I had my father with me, who loved me no matter what I'd gotten myself into. After he'd calmed me down, he made us some tea and we settled into the living room downstairs. We were in for a long night if he wanted explanations, and knowing my dad, that's exactly what he wanted.

"I know I've disappointed you, dad."

He sat in the recliner across from me, playing with his beard while he listened. "Sky, I don't make your future. You do. If being at that school isn't what you want, then we will send you somewhere else. Maybe you could come home and go to school here."

I smiled, thinking of how he wanted me home.

After I graduated high school, my mother accepted a new position that required her to travel. She was gone at least three days out of the week. With me gone, the house was empty. My brother was grown and he had a family of his own.

"I may consider that. Mack won't stop bugging me to give him another chance."

"How do you feel about that? I have to tell you, pumpkin, he isn't in my good graces. I hope you gave him a stiff kick in the balls for what he did to you." He let out an air filled laugh. "He won't be invited to Thanksgiving dinner, that's for sure."

"It feels good to be home."

"So, does that mean you didn't kick his ass?" He was trying to get me to smile.

"I had to leave campus. He followed me to the beach. It's such a long story. You probably don't want every detail."

My dad leaned forward in his chair. "I have no place to go."

I sighed and thought about the details that I should leave out of the story. He certainly didn't need to know that I'd let a stranger f**k me in the ass. That wouldn't go over too well. "I called Lacey and she said they were all at the beach. Mack kept calling me and sending me messages, so I thought it would be great to get away. I packed a bag and headed out, but halfway there the car broke down."

"Why didn't you call me?"

I held up my hands. "No cell service. I was literally in the middle of nowhere."

"How did you get back?"

I shrugged. "I was rescued by a tall, dark stranger who not only fixed my car, but made me forget all about Mack." I said it like a joke, but my father knew how to read me too well.

"Skylar, tell me you didn't. He could have been a serial killer, for Christ sakes. I thought I taught you better."

I held out my hands and motioned him to chill out. "Dad, calm down. I'm fine. It wasn't like you are picturing. Ford was a nice guy. He let me stay at his place and promised to go to his father's house on the same property. I wanted him to stay with me. He didn't hurt me." Except for the anal thing, that hurt bad, at first. I started smiling thinking about it and my father caught on.

"I am very confused. I thought you went to the beach."

"I did. Ford took me, since my car was being worked on. He's around my age and had friends there. When he dropped me off, Mack was there and they had an altercation. I'll spare you the details, but I ended up leaving with Ford. We spent the next day together and it was amazing. He made me feel like no other guy ever has..."

My dad threw up his hands. "I really don't want details. I know you're an adult, but there are some things a dad doesn't want to hear."

"Dad, it wasn't just the sex. I felt like he understood what I was going through. His sister died in a car crash last year. He's so broken over it. I could see the pain in his eyes from the beginning."

My father sat down his cup of tea and leaned in again. "So where is this Ford guy?"

I looked down at my cup. "He left. His ex-girlfriend showed up and I don't even know what happened after that."

"Jesus, I am more confused than you are. I have to ask. Are you more upset about your break-up with Mack, or this new guy Ford?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. I felt like Ford made the pain go away. Being with him made me realize that I wasn't happy with Mack. As much as I want that perfect relationship, Mack isn't the guy for me. I have to believe that, somewhere out there, I can find happiness with a guy who gets me. Mack was only in the relationship for himself. He claims to love me and want a future, but I couldn't even will myself to want that as I was leaving campus. I felt like I was trying to do the right thing and hold on to what we had, but my heart was elsewhere."

"It was with this Ford guy?"

"Yeah, I guess it was." I wiped my face and sat there quietly for a second. "Dad, I don't know what I'm going to do. I can't stop thinking about Ford. As much as I wanted to continue seeing him, I know I can't. When I went back to pick up my car, his ex was at his place. I think they're back together. I have to admit that after two days, I felt jealous. Honestly, I could see Mack with someone right now and not give a crap, but seeing Ford's ex open his door crushed me."

"I think you need to purchase a chastity belt and shun all men for a while. Right now, I feel like I need to grab my shotgun and stand at the door to protect you."

I fought back the tears. "I'd settle for you just sitting here listening to me. This was the only place I knew I could come and feel happy."

I walked over and hugged my father. He stood up and kissed the top of my head when I wrapped my arms around him. "You are always welcome here, pumpkin. I won't let anyone hurt my baby in this house."

I was home. I could turn off my phone and ignore the world until I was ready to face it again. Mack wasn't going to be able to harass me and Ford was going to become just a memory. He was right when he said that time would heal me. I just wasn't sure how much time I needed to forget about the guy that turned my heart into Jell-O and rocked my soul.

Ford

It took me a few moments to regain my composure. I guess it was all too much to take in. Mourning my sister, meeting Sky, helping the mother that abandoned me and then seeing her sitting with my father had all taken a toll on me. Thankfully, the woman didn't get up to help me, when I fell to my knees. I didn't want her pity or anything she had to offer me. My life sucked as a direct result from her leaving us.

Shayne walked with me into the living room and we sat down on the couch. "You alright, man?"

I rubbed my face. "Yeah. It's all f**kin' too much."

"Where's Ash? Did you send her home?"

I turned and looked at him. "Why would you ask me that? She's the least of my concerns."

He held up his hands. "I'm askin' because you shouldn't be left alone. When's the last time you ate somethin'?"

I shrugged, thinking of the last thing I really ate, it wasn't food, that's for sure. "I don't remember."

"I'll make you a sandwich. Your ass needs to stay here until I get back. Don't go walkin' out to your apartment for more of that fine girlfriend. You look like Hell."

I leaned back in the chair and closed my eyes. "She ain't my girlfriend."

"When I came up to get you earlier, she looked like she was. You're a lucky guy. How many people do you know that can f**k two hot chicks in the same week? Ash is a keeper for puttin' up with that."

I shook my head. "We aren't together! I drank a bottle of Jack when we got home. I don't even remember bein' with her, man. In some twisted way, she thinks it means we're goin' to get back together. I f**ked up, but it meant nothin'. I'm done with that girl."

Shayne laughed as he walked back into the kitchen. I opened the end table and found the pain pills that my dad had stashed. Alcoholics always had headache remedies so they could get by the next morning. I swallowed three pills without drinking anything. My head was pounding and I wanted to go back to bed until this was all over.

When Shayne came back into the room, he was carrying a sandwich wrapped in a paper towel. He took a bite out of it and then handed it to me. I shook my head and bit off the other end. "Thanks."

He sat down across from me, pulled out a cigarette and lit it up. "Who was the chick?"

I shrugged while chewing. "I rescued her off the side of the road."

"Dude, are you serious? She just slept with you? That's f**kin' awesome."

I took a deep breath and sat my sandwich down. "It ain't like that. You wouldn't understand even if I tried to explain it. What happened between us was somethin' we both needed."

"So, you goin' to see her again? Does she live around here?" I hated that he was all up in my business.

"What is with the twenty questions? Damn!"

He started laughing. "I haven't seen you in forever and when I do, you're shacked up in a shitty motel with some stranger. I think I have a right to be nosey."

"She's a nice girl, and it doesn't even matter, I ain't goin' to ever see her again."

"At least you have Ash to take your mind off of her." He was still fishing for details and I hated his tone. It was like he knew some secret and wasn't going to share it.

"Ash could never be Sky. Trust me, cuz, they are completely different women."

He leaned in closer to me. "So, you have no way to get in touch with this girl?"

I shook my head.

"All you know is her first name?"

I nodded.

"Do you know where she lives?"

I smiled. "I know what school she goes to."

"You need to find her, man. That shit you're feelin' ain't ever goin' to go away until you do."

"Even if I wanted to, I can't drag her into this mess. Besides, I'm pretty sure she knows I slept with Ash. She showed up to get her keys and I was in the shower. It's over. I'm probably the last person in the world she wants to see again. I can't even blame her." I was supposed to be making her forget about her ex. Instead, I was making it seem like all guys were complete ass**les.

"It's probably better that she doesn't get to know you. It ain't like you have anything to offer her."

I tossed a pillow at his face and heard him laughing. "Suck my dick!"

He laughed some more. "I'm pretty sure your dick is out of commission at the moment."

I took a sip of a fresh beer he'd brought in with my sandwich. "Ain't that the truth."

Sky made me feel alive and I had to thank her for that, even if she never wanted to see me again. I'd remember being with her until my dying day, just hoping that I could feel that way again.

Since seeing my parents made me uncomfortable, I headed back to my place. Ashley was cleaning up when I walked in. She had made the bed and I saw the dirty sheets in the corner. I guess she didn't want anything reminding me of being with someone else. Little did she know that Sky was all I could think about.

For the moment, I didn't care about my parents or even what Ashley wanted. All I could think about was hurting Sky. I felt terrible. It just didn't make sense, since I'd promised her nothing. Still, hurting her was something that tore me apart. She needed to know that I never would have done that with a clear head. I wanted her to know that I wanted to stay in that room with her for as long as she would have let me.

I guess it was just the way things were meant to turn out. It wasn't like I'd given her hope of us ever being anything else. Maybe her catching me was best for our situation, because thinking about telling her goodbye was unbearable. She deserved so much more than I'd ever be able to offer her.

With my mother coming back into the picture, there was no telling how my life was going to go. I sure as hell couldn't sit back and watch my dad fall apart again. He needed to be looked out for just as much as she did. Seeing him loving her, after all that time, was hard to understand. I'd never felt that way about someone until Sky and I probably never would again. I just wish there was some way for her to know what she'd done to me, what she'd allowed me to feel again.

Chapter 14

Skylar

It would have been easier to move to another country; Mack didn't give up easily. After ignoring his calls for nearly two weeks, he showed up at my door. It was a good thing my father was at work, because I'm pretty sure he would have killed him in the driveway. I refused to let him in the house. He would push my buttons until I felt sorry for him and time had taught me that it wasn't what I wanted anymore.

"Come on, Sky. I've given you time. You can't just avoid my calls and expect me to get over you. I miss you."

I pointed right at him. "You miss the idea of having me for yourself, but you don't know anything about being a good boyfriend. We're supposed to be friends. We need to trust each other. I don't feel either of those things apply to you anymore."

He leaned against the post on the porch. "So, I'm just supposed to walk away and act like you meant nothing to me?"

I shrugged. "If that's what you have to do."

He pointed to the porch floor. "If I leave this house, I'm not coming back for you. I'm done playing this game where I chase you."

"If you think threatening me is going to make me reconsider, I wonder if you ever knew me at all." I let out a laugh, which seemed to piss him off.

"I'm sorry I wasted my time on you, Skylar. You'll never find someone like me." He started to walk to his car.

I stepped off the porch. "You're right about that. I'm sure my next boyfriend will love and respect me, which are two things you suck at."

He opened his car door, shook his head and muttered, "Fuck this," as he climbed into the vehicle.

I sat down on the rocker, next to the front door and pulled my knees up to my chest. Despite the emotions I was feeling, I couldn't help but notice a bit of relief. It was like a weight had been lifted off of me.

Since my mother was due home in the evening, my dad had arranged for us to go out to dinner. I looked forward to spending more time with each of them, considering they were the only things holding me together. No matter how many things I tried to do to occupy my time, my mind always reverted back to Ford. Two weeks had passed since I last saw him, but it still felt like it was yesterday.

I traced my fingers over my lips and thought about the way that he'd kissed me. I could still smell his deodorant and remember how his hair smelled the first night we were together. Even the smell of someone smoking reminded me of Ford.

Seeing my mother was just what I needed. She pulled me into her arms and I didn't want her to let go. "I missed you so much."

She pushed me away so that she could get a good look at me. "How's my girl? Are you feeling any better? Dad says that you are meeting with the local college to see if you can enroll for this semester that's getting ready to start. It will be nice to have you home with us."

I smiled, thinking of them being there for me. "Yeah, they said it shouldn't be a problem. Of course, my credits will transfer and I can take general courses until I figure out if I want to stick with my current major."

She put her arm around me as we walked. "It seems like you have everything taken care of. I was worried when I had to stay in Japan for an extra week. Thankfully, I'll be home for the next two without having to travel. We can catch up and go shopping if you'd like."

''Are you kidding? I'd never pass up a chance to go shopping."

"That's my girl!"

Dinner was more like a celebration, instead of a pity party. It wasn't like I was dwelling on the fact that I'd never see Ford again. Sure I thought about it all of the time, but knew it was important for me to move forward with my life. I'd be a fool to dwell on something or someone I had no control of.

For the next few days my mother kept me busy. We went shopping and visited my brother and his family. It felt like a holiday instead of just being a normal day of the week. My dad even re-painted my room in a soothing blue that my mom felt was more adult than the purple color it had been for years.

I managed to sign up late for several of the classes that I'd been enrolled in at my other school. The calls from Mack finally stopped, but the silence was just as bad. Sometimes I would stare at my phone, anxiously waiting for it to ring.

Except it never did.

The only calls I got were from my friends, especially Lacey. After apologizing for letting Mack stay with them at the beach, she'd been trying as hard as she could to make it up to me. Over the past few months she'd been seeing this guy that I'd never met. She said he was a lifeguard when she met him a few years back, but now he was working at some detail shop for custom cars. On occasion, he would take her to fancy car shows and she even had her picture taken with a few famous people at those events. Lacey was beautiful and classy. She wanted things and did whatever she had to do to get them.

When her boyfriend was in town, she spent every second with him, and even drove back to the beach to see him on the weekends. I was glad she was happy, but longed to have what she did. I wanted to answer the phone with a smile on my face, because I knew the person I loved was on the other line. I wanted to smile when I saw my boyfriend pulling up to take me out. Being alone was terrible and I was tired of pretending that I was going to be fine. I needed to move on with my life. Being young was a gift and I needed to feel like myself again, before the "week from Hell" happened.

When I told Lacey about my new predicament, she insisted I should go out with her and her new beau. She swore he wouldn't mind. So I got dolled up and we met him in the city, about halfway between where they both lived. Lacey ran up and threw her arms around the guy like he'd just come off of tour overseas. They kissed and got caught up in each other, forgetting that I was standing there, looking like the third wheel that I didn't want to be.

Finally Lacey turned around and pulled her man by the hand over to where I was standing. "Sky, this is my boyfriend, Shayne. Shayne, this is my best friend, Sky."

Something about this guy was so familiar, but I couldn't place where I would have met him before. He smiled, but didn't say anything.

"Have we met before?"

When he spoke, his southern drawl caught me off guard. "I reckon it's possible. I've met a lot of people workin' at the beach."

His voice reminded me of Ford's immediately, but this guy looked nothing like him. He had messy blonde hair and light blue eyes. Even though he wasn't a lifeguard anymore, his skin was dark and sun-kissed. "Yeah, maybe I've seen you around."

I tried not to stare, except for the rest of the night I found myself wondering why this guy seemed so familiar to me. When Lacey stepped away to use the ladies room, he approached me. "I got this cousin I think you might want to meet, if you're interested."

I smiled and felt weird that he was trying to set me up instead of Lacey. She hadn't mentioned him having a cousin and I surely didn't want to be set up with someone that wasn't my type. "Thanks. I'm not into guys anymore."

"That's a real shame, because I'm pretty certain that you two would really hit it off."

"Like I said before, I'm not into guys."

I have no idea why I told him that, but he didn't ask me another question for the rest of the night. It made me feel uncomfortable, so I kept to myself. As we were driving home, Lacey gave me a hard time about it. "What is your problem? Why would you tell him you were a lesbian?"

"I didn't. I just said I wasn't into guys."

"Same difference."

"Whatever! I'm not meeting some stranger. Don't you think I've had enough bad luck with guys?"

She started laughing. "Actually, I think that once you slept with a strange guy you met on the road, all rules are off."

"Screw you!" I laughed with her, realizing what she was saying made sense. "Just because it happened once, doesn't mean it will ever happen again."

"You know what I think?" I hated when she asked me that.

"I don't want to know."

"I think that you're still hung up on that Chevy guy."

"Ford." As if I hadn't told her about him a zillion times.

"Who cares what his name is? You still want to see him again. Admit it!" Sometimes, I wondered why I told her anything. She obviously knew how to pluck my nerves.

"So what if I do? It's not like I'll ever see him again. He has a girlfriend, remember?"

"That didn't matter to you before."

I rolled down the window to get some air. "It did matter. He said they weren't together. She saw me leave with him twice. I obviously didn't affect them getting back in bed together."

"You're telling me that if you saw him again, you wouldn't want to get back in his bed? I know you better than that, girlfriend, and I can tell you are still hung up on him. You moved back home and practically gave up a top-notch education. You can tell the whole world that it was because of Mack, but I know the real truth. I know that those couple days you spent with that Ford guy left you lost and confused. You haven't been the same and you know it."

She messed with the radio and turned a song up before I could answer. The problem with being friends for so long gave her the right to tell me how she felt, whenever she found it necessary.

I leaned over and turned down the song. "You're right. I can't stop thinking about him. What am I supposed to do? I've tried everything."

"Go out with Shayne's cousin. He may not be as hot, or as good in bed, but he's the distraction that you need. There's other fish in the sea, Sky. You're the worst rebounder ever!"

"I know!" I shook my head. "Fine! I'll go out on one double date with you, but if this guy turns out to be some creep, I'm going to kick your ass the whole way home."

She started laughing. "Deal!"

Ford

I'd had a shitty couple of weeks, dealing with my mother being in rehab and my father fawning over his decision to let her back in his life. With my uncle and cousin stopping by frequently, life had gotten too chaotic to even consider looking up Sky. I was sure I could find her on the internet, or even poke around on her campus, but with nothing to offer her; I knew she was better off. Maybe her thinking that I was with Ashley was the best thing for her.

Of course, Ashley wasn't backing off, at all. She called me constantly and often ended up at my place, sometimes so drunk that I couldn't let her drive home. I'd just gotten to the point where I didn't give a shit about anything anymore. My life was a mess and I couldn't see a way to make things better.

With my father all messed up in the head, it was up to me to keep the business going. I hated seeing my cousin pulling up in his fancy car with that stereo system, while I drove my truck around and lived off of barely anything.

When he offered to set me up, I told him no, six times. I didn't want to be around some girl and have to act like I was a gentleman. The last time I wanted to be with a girl, she left me more messed up than before we ever met.

But he insisted.

Finally, after a week of him asking, I agreed.

He picked me up on a Friday night. The weather was cool that night and I grabbed my jacket in case I needed it. "I can't believe you talked me into this."

"Cuz, you are so gettin' laid tonight."

I shook my head and scrunched up my face. "I ain't interested in f**kin' this girl. I only agreed to this because you wouldn't leave me alone."

"Pussy is pu**y, dude."

"Says the guy that has a girlfriend."

We both began to laugh. "So, Lace is pickin' up her friend and they are meetin' us halfway, since it's an hour drive. I told her we'd meet them at that pub we used to go to. Do you remember?"

"Yeah. I remember carryin' your ass out of there."

We joked for the rest of the thirty-minute ride. I wasn't nervous about meeting this girl, considering that I never had to see her again, if I didn't want to. It was pathetic, but before I even laid eyes on her, I was comparing her to the first time I met Sky. Her blonde hair was whipping around in the wind and those bright eyes turned me on, instantly.

When we got to the pub, the girls weren't there, so we went in and got a table. We'd ordered a round of drinks for ourselves and were sitting down when they came in. My back was facing the door they entered from, so Shayne spotted them first. I took a sip of beer and waited to meet this mystery girl that he was dying to set me up with. When Shayne and his girlfriend went to sit down, I turned and got the shock of my life.

I couldn't take my eyes off of her and she couldn't take her eyes off of me either.

Shayne cleared his throat. "Ford, this is..."

"Sky." Her name just came out of my mouth while my eyes didn't even blink. She looked stunning. "What are you doin' here?" I turned to glance at my cousin, who was smiling from ear to ear.

"Lacey is my best friend."

"Shayne is my cousin."

The staring continued.

"Did you say your name was Ford? The Ford?" Lacey walked over and shook Sky. "Oh my God, this is crazy." She looked at Shayne. "Did you know?"

He shrugged. "I had a feelin'."

Lacey kissed him and they sat down together.

I reached over and grabbed Sky's hand. "Come with me."

She didn't say a word, but let me lead her outside of the bar. My cousin said something as we walked away, but I didn't stop to listen. Once outside, we turned to face each other. "I haven't stopped thinkin' about you, darlin'."

She smacked me so hard across my face that I think I saw stars. "Don't you call me darlin'! I thought you liked me, but you left me at the beach to go hook up with your ex. You're nothing but a two timing ass**le!"

She started to walk away, so I grabbed her arm and pulled her back. She slammed into my chest. "You're wrong!" I kept her close to me, even though she was fighting. "I left because my cousin showed up and needed my help. He found my mother livin' in a crack house. I left so we could go and fetch her to take her ass to rehab."

Sky just stared at me. "I saw Ashley the next day. I know you hooked up. Do you know how gross that is?"

I let go of her, but she didn't walk away. Instead, she stood there waiting for me to explain. "You wouldn't understand the situation with my mom. She left us when we were kids so she could live on the streets and do drugs. My whole family got ripped apart because of her. I didn't want to find her, or to help her. Shayne forced my hand and by the time I got back to my place, I just wanted to drown myself in alcohol. I couldn't stop thinkin' about you bein' in that motel. Ashley took advantage of me when I was weak. I didn't sleep with her because I wanted her. I slept with her because I wanted her to be you."

She put her hands across her chest. "Is that supposed to make me feel better?"

I threw my hands in the air. "I don't know, Sky."

"She said that I didn't owe you anything for my car because I paid you with my body. Did you say that?"

I reached for her hand, but she pulled away. "When we were together, did I ever act like I wasn't into you? The things that we did, I don't do that with other women. Ashley lied to you, because she knew it would send you packin'. She thought she'd have a chance if you were out of the picture."

"We weren't even a couple!" She argued.

"But we could have been."

"You made it clear that wasn't an option!" Sky looked away and I could see in her eyes that she was upset. "When we met I was running away with a broken heart, but when you left me in that Motel room, I was devastated. I've thought about what I wanted to say to you for so long. Now that I'm here with you, I can't even find the words."

"So, that's it?"

She started to walk away. "I guess so."

"Well, it ain't over for me." I grabbed her into my arms, spinning her around and pressing my lips against hers. I didn't know whether she was going to slap me again or not, but I just had to feel those lips one more time.

Chapter 15

Skylar

If having a panic attack meant it was hard to breathe and my heart felt like it was going to pop out of my chest then that was what was happening to me. For days and even weeks I had thought about this beautiful man standing in front of me. I thought I'd never see him again.

As much as I felt like there were things that needed to be cleared up, I couldn't fight the passion of him kissing me. My knees became weak and nothing else in the world seemed to matter. It had to be the fact that I missed him, because this kiss was even better than all of the others that we'd shared before. Even when he pulled away, he didn't move his lips all the way off of mine. I could feel them moving as he spoke. "You drove all this way to go on a blind date?"

I pulled away a little further and smiled. "I moved back home. My parent's house is only an hour from the beach. It's about an hour from you."

I could tell that my moving closer confused him. "Ford, I didn't come and see you because I thought you were back with your girlfriend, and frankly, I thought that you used me."

"Only two people know what happened between us and that's me and you, Sky. Have you thought about me the way that I've thought about you? Do you go to bed hopin' to dream about me and wake up with me still on your mind, because that's how it is for me." He backed away from me and scratched his head. "My life is so f**ked up. It's worse than when you first met me, but one thing has made me able to smile each day."

He reached for my hand and I didn't pull it away. "What is it?"

"I think you know, it's you."

Should I have been reluctant about diving right in? Maybe. Except, it wouldn't have mattered. I felt that same fire for him that I'd felt before. Standing there, in front of me, against that brick building, was the only place I needed to be. "What happens now? Do we spend a couple nights together and lose touch again? I have to be honest. I don't really think I can do that."

"Cooper."

I was confused. "Huh?"

"My last name is Cooper. You already know where I live."

"Oh." He was doing the same thing that I'd done when we met. "Whittaker. I live in Easton, Maryland, with my parents, Bill and Sue. We have a Cocker Spaniel named Lucy who only eats table food. My favorite color is blue, because there are so many shades and I love pizza, especially when it's cold."

He kissed me softly, not responding to my humor, at first. "Do you have a boyfriend, Sky Whittaker?"

Butterflies made my stomach jump. "I hope so."

We kissed again and my arms wrapped around his neck. He pushed me into the brick building and lifted me up so I was face to face with him. I wrapped my legs around his hips and held on tight. "Are you hungry?" he asked while out of breath.

"Not really."

"Is there some place you got to be?" If he thought I was leaving him for one second he was crazy.

"No. I'm all yours."

He sat me down and grabbed my hand, pulling me back into the pub. "In that case, I need to get you back to my place as quick as possible."

When we got to the table, Lacey and Shayne already had drinks. They smiled seeing that we were holding hands. Ford stuck out his other hand. "Give me your keys."

"Screw you. That's a fifty thousand dollar car."

He squeezed my hand, letting me know he wasn't giving up. "Lace, can we use your car? I'll bring it back tomo..." Seeing the look on Ford's face made me rephrase. "I'll bring it back when I come home. You can take mine when Shayne drives you back."

Lacey looked at her boyfriend and they whispered a couple words to each other. Then she reached in to her purse and handed me her keys. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do," she teased.

She had no idea what happened when Ford and I took our clothes off and were alone. Nothing was going to stop me from feeling his hard body.

When we started on our way, Ford took my hand and pulled it up to his lips. "I feel like if I let you go, you'll disappear."

"I gave you my address. What more do you want?" I teased.

He looked over at me, instead of at the road. "Everything." He looked forward again, but kept talking. "I don't know about you, Sky, but nothin' has felt right since the day I left that motel room."

"It's crazy, but I feel the same way."

"Darlin', I'm so sorry that I hurt you. If I'd known that things would turn out the way they did, I never would have left that night. I haven't had that much enjoyment in my life in a long time. I think it's worth findin' out if you and I could be somethin' real."

I knew I was treading on water bringing it up, but I had to ask. "What about Ashley? She obviously wants you to herself. It isn't like a couple weeks could have changed that for her. Have you thought about what she's going to do when she finds out that we're together?"

"So are we? Together?"

I turned down the volume of the radio since this was such a serious topic. "Is it possible for us to make that decision based on spending two days together?"

"I'll let you decide, after this weekend is over. I hope you ain't got plans, because your ass isn't leavin' my bed unless it's to eat or shower."

I giggled. "Sounds like a plan to me."

I didn't care about tomorrow, or the day after that. My hands were still shaking from the shock of being face to face with Ford again. I didn't know if there was someone up above looking out for me, or it was just dumb luck. All I knew was that I was afraid to pinch myself on account of it all being a dream.

Ford

The drive back to my place seemed to take forever. I had a lot of making up to do and keeping Sky with me was going to be my top priority. Even being with her for this short period of time had made me feel better than I had in weeks. I wanted her to know how serious I was about seeing where this could lead.

We walked up to my apartment, like we had done it a hundred times. I swear, everything about this girl made me feel like I'd known her for years. She sat her purse down on the kitchen counter and walked over to the bed. I watched her look back and smile. She backed herself up against the wall leading to the bathroom. "Now that you have me here, what are you going to do with me?"

I leaned against the door, looking at her from across the room. "I think the question is what aren't we goin' to do."

She laughed and looked down at the floor, like I'd said something that embarrassed her. "So where do you want me? Do I take off my clothes and climb on the bed?"

I ran my hands through my hair and tried to hide the grin that was growing. "I'd like it if we went a little slower this time. As much as I want you naked, I ain't goin' to f**k things up this time."

She smiled and bit her bottom lip. "So, what did you have in mind?"

I walked over to the fridge and grabbed two beers. After handing her one of them, I took a swig before responding. "I got an idea. How about we try to guess things about each other. If we get somethin' right then the other person has to remove an article of clothing."

"Fine. I go first." She walked around me, looking me up and down. "What am I guessing?"

"Favorite car."

She raised her eyebrow. "Of course. What a typical guy question." She walked up and kissed me on my neck softly, whispering her answer in my ear. "A Ford Mustang, Shelby. Any year will do, but I bet you get a hard-on every time you see one that's a classic."

I ran my hand through her hair and watched her looking at me. "New rule. If we both guess, than neither of us have to strip."

"Bring it on." Sky backed away from me and started playing with the bottom of her shirt. She teased me by showing off her abdomen then letting the fabric go.

I cleared my voice. "Jeep. Soft top."

Her mouth dropped. "How did you know?"

I took a sip of my beer and shook my head. "When you thought I wasn't payin' attention, I was. I saw you eyein' a couple of em' up when we were at the beach."

Sky walked over to the bed, looking back to make sure I was watching her. She sat down on her knees and folded her arms across her chest. "Food."

"Pizza."

"Shit!" She remembered that she'd already told me. "That's not fair!"

I couldn't stop laughing. "You better make a good guess, or else I'll be seeing what's under that little skirt you're wearin'."

"Fried chicken?" she guessed.

I took a few more steps and ran the back of my hand over her cheek. "Chicken is good, but I prefer spaghetti."

She threw her arms up. "How was I supposed to guess that?"

"Why don't you stand up and lose that skirt, beautiful?"

She rolled her eyes but did as I requested. I watched that little skirt fall to her feet. Surprisingly, she was wearing the tiniest pair of panties that I'd ever seen. She squeezed her legs together, noticing what I was looking at.

"Spin around," I demanded.

"Seriously?"

"I can't believe you wore them on a blind date. Were you plannin' on showin' him your goods?"

Her hands went on her hips again. "Are you kidding me? I didn't even want to go."

I tugged on the elastic to her panties and licked my lips. "I sure am glad you changed your mind." She was watching me, so I leaned in and kissed her pu**y through the fabric. Sky ran her hands into my hair. I looked up and kissed her there again. "Next question."

"Virginity." She whispered.

I chuckled and kissed her inner thigh. "Sixteen."

She threw a little fit. "Ugh, this isn't fair. How do you know all the right answers?"

"I guessed."

She fell back on the bed and looked at the ceiling, then leaned on her elbow. Her hair fell down over her shoulder. "Fourteen."

I climbed up, running my hand between her br**sts as I made it to her neck. I let my fingers slide over her tender skin, before kissing it. "I was fifteen."

She said nothing as I ducked back down and helped her remove her panties. Seeing her and smelling her made it so hard to keep this game we were playing, going. I wanted to kiss her there, and continue until she screamed out my name.

Sky grabbed me by my hair. "No way, mister. We are seeing this game all the way through."

I climbed up and lay next to her on the bed, while laughing. "We are postponing the inevitable, darlin'. You're goin' to be naked in just a few minutes." I knew my jokes were more serious than I led on. Sky was the only woman that had made me so crazy. One way or another, I was going to find out a way to keep seeing her. I knew I had nothing to offer her except a rundown business and some f**ked up relatives, but I was going to do whatever it took.

Sky sat up and removed her shirt and then her bra. She scooted herself back and got under the covers. "I forfeit."

I fell down across her covered up legs and started laughing. "You took the fun out of it."

"Ford, take your clothes off and lay with me. Spend the night with me without having sex. If you behave, I'll give you whatever you want for breakfast."

I stood up and started removing my clothes. "You don't get how hard this is goin' to be for me. Not seein' you was torture, but this is goin' to f**kin' kill me."

I climbed under the covers and grabbed her into my arms. She giggled and wrapped her arms around me. "Behave and it will be an all-you-can-eat buffet."

"Shit! You're makin' it worse." She and I both knew that my c**k was ready to go. Still, I knew she was worth the wait.

Chapter 16

Skylar

It wasn't like I didn't want to have sex with Ford. I'd been dreaming about it for weeks, thinking it was never going to happen again. Now that we had a second chance at getting to know each other, I wanted to do whatever it took to make it work.

Ford claimed that he had nothing to offer, but he was wrong. I didn't care what he did for a living, or where he lived. I admired what he'd given up in his life to help his family. Since his mother was coming back into the picture, I found myself wondering how he was going to handle it. He'd already sacrificed so much. How much more was he willing to lose of his own life to help them?

Ford held me tight in his arms, like he feared I was going to get up and leave without saying goodbye. I guess it was because of his guilty feelings about leaving me in that motel room. I too, wrapped my arms around him, appreciating the fact that it felt so right.

Trying to sleep naked next to someone that turned me on so much was hard. Ford kept readjusting himself and I could feel why. He was hard as a rock. "Am I torturing you?"

He laughed and moved the hair out of my face. "I'm alright."

I buried my face into his neck. "Can I ask you about your family?"

"You can ask me anything you want." I appreciated that he was opening up to me. It made me feel like he trusted me.

"How do you feel about your mom? Are you happy that you found her?"

He took one arm and put it behind his head, looking at the ceiling as he spoke. "Honestly, I don't know how I feel. The woman abandoned us. She walked away from her family, and did God only knows what, for years. Now, all of a sudden, my family is ready to forgive her."

I traced the lines on one of his tattoos. This particular one on his chest was of a dirt bike. Underneath it were the initials H.C.

"I can't imagine what it's like for you. Did she even know about your sister?"

I was nervous when I mentioned her. When we first met Ford had made it clear that Harley was a touchy subject.

"My uncle told her. She didn't show up to the funeral. In some ways, I blame her for everything." I could tell it was a hard conversation for him.

"Why the dirt bike?"

He looked down at his chest and touched the tattoo. "Harley and I used to race motocross when we were kids. She may have been a girl, but she was damn good. When she died I wanted to get a tattoo for her, so I picked somethin' that we both loved."

"Was Ashley your first?" I immediately changed the subject, thinking it would be better if we stopped talking about his sister.

He chuckled. "Nah. When I was younger, I wanted to run. One girl wasn't going to work for me. I thought I could sample them all."

I must have got this weird look on my face, because he grabbed my hands and started laughing at me. "Are you a jealous person, Sky?"

I tried to shake off his question. "No!"

He held my hand and kissed it. "I never said I slept with all of them. I just said I wanted to, for a time. When I finally settled down with Ash, I was content. We were good friends, like I told you before."

"If you wouldn't have lost your sister, would you still be together?" I turned beet red asking that after he'd just said I was jealous. "I just...I want to know if I have to worry about you changing your mind."

"Honestly, if we were still together, I'd be miserable. I changed and she didn't. Ash wants to party all the time and doesn't care about having responsibilities. I'm twenty-three and I need to act like an adult. She still acts like she's sixteen."

Satisfied with his explanation, I reached up and kissed him. "I still can't believe I'm here with you."

He kissed the top of my head before pulling me on top of him. His hard erection was pushing on my leg. Ford reached up and massaged my br**sts. He groaned. "I needed to feel you to make sure I wasn't dreamin' all this."

I laughed and leaned down to kiss his lips. When I pulled away, his eyes were just opening back up. "We're not dreaming."

As he adjusted, I felt his erection pressing against me. He knew what he was doing, because he smiled, giving me a certain look like he was reminded me what I was doing to him.

I reached down and let my fingers slide over the smooth skin of his penis. He groaned again and grabbed my arm, making me stop. "If I agree to stay up all night holdin' you and answerin' anything you ask, can I please f**k you, now? I'm dyin' here, darlin'. You got me so worked up I can barely think straight."

I sat up and rocked my body around. "Maybe you should beg me," I teased.

He put his hands on my ass and steadied me. "I can flip your fine ass around and just take it, seein' as I know you want it as much as I do."

Sensations went through every inch of me hearing him say that. I licked my lips and looked into his eyes. "You're right. I want to feel your hard c**k again making me scream out in pleasure, but I'm afraid I need to know exactly how bad you want it, first. So tell me, Ford. How bad do you want me?" I ran my fingertips over my ni**les, while waiting for him to answer.

He ran his hand down between my legs, rubbing me in the right place to make me close my eyes and lose my focus. When he brought his fingers up to his lips and sucked them, I thought I was going to have an orgasm just sitting there. "Mmm, you taste like I remember, sweet like honeysuckle."

My body began moving without me telling it to. I was so turned on. "Beg me."

Ford took my body and pushed it down to sit on the top of his legs. His erection flung forward and he took it into his hand. The next thing I knew, he was taking it and rubbing it over my heated sex. The fire had already ignited and I was beginning to lose control over myself. "Oh yeah, you know I don't have to beg. You want my dick and you know it. Touch yourself for me."

Ford was right. He didn't have to beg, or even ask for it; not when I was willing to just give in and do whatever he requested.

Ford

I tried to hold out, and it would have been so much easier if I hadn't gone for so long. Beating off to memories of her was nothing like having her sitting on top of me. It was taking all that I had to withstand my urges. She wanted me to beg, but I wasn't the kind of man that needed to. I knew she would do what I asked, without argument. We were both in it for the same outcome.

This was so different than when we were first together. Something had changed between us. Maybe it was the anticipation and the fear of never seeing each other again. Perhaps it was the fact that we'd left things so unfinished. At any rate, I had her right where I wanted her; where I needed her to be.

Sky closed her eyes and reached one hand down to her pu**y. I licked my lips again watching her moving her fingers over her clit. "Do it harder. Make yourself cum, Sky. I want to hear you cry out for me."

Her normal pattern of movement became vigorous as she whipped around and began to scrunch up her face. With her eyes still closed she cried out. I reached up and pinched her ni**les at the same time. Her body arched and she lost control of herself as she climaxed.

Sky opened her eyes and bit down on her bottom lip, while moaning. "That wasn't fair."

"I thought it was pretty damn cool." While joking, I looked down motioning that I was still standing at attention.

She giggled and grabbed my cock, slowly guiding it to slide right in. The pleasure that I got out of that first thrust took me back to the first time I had her. Her tight pu**y accepted my girth, while her movements transcended like a bucking stallion.

Sky ran her hands through her long hair. I sat up, taking her right breast into my mouth. I liked the way her ni**les felt when they rubbed against my tongue. My teeth drug against that sensitive part of her skin.

"Don't stop," She cried.

With my other free hand, I reached down and started rubbing her clit. Her rhythm sped up as she rocked her body into mine. Then, all of the sudden, she stopped.

"What's the matter, darlin'? Doesn't it feel good to you?"

Tears started to fall down her pretty cheeks. "I'm sorry. I just thought I was never going to see you again."

I stopped messing around with her tender parts and wrapped my arms around her back, kissing away the tears on each side of her face. "That ain't a reason to cry. You should be happy. I know I am."

She smiled. "I am happy. When we met I was running from the pain of what Mack did to me. When you left me at the motel, I felt more alone than I ever had before. It was like Mack didn't even matter anymore. All I wanted to do was find you."

I felt terrible for leaving her there, but worse because I'd slept with Ash. "I didn't know how much I wanted you until you weren't there anymore. I know we were just strangers, but I shouldn't have done you like that. I should have been able to say goodbye to you, or admit that I wanted to see you again. Instead, I f**ked this up and made you hate me."

We had stopped moving and were sitting there, with me still inside of her. The mood had changed in a matter of seconds and the topic needed to be worked out before we could go forward.

She placed her hand on my cheek and I leaned over to kiss it. "I didn't hate you, Ford. Don't you get it? I wanted you for myself. I felt like I wasn't good enough."

That made me laugh. "Darlin', you're the best I've ever had."

She smiled and blushed at my compliment, then leaned in and kissed me slowly. It was packed full of emotion and I was done trying to pretend that having feelings for her was a bad thing. I wanted to care about this girl and call her mine.

We kissed, our bodies coming to a laying position. Sky still straddled my body, but our chests were pressed together. When she started moving again, it was slow and more intense. Our hands were entwined together and our eyes fixed on one another. Our powerful connection was giving us new highs that neither of us wanted to come down from. We didn't hold back and when we climaxed, we did it together, while our lips and tongues connected as well.

I'd promised her that we'd stay up all night talking, but we ended up falling asleep right after we finished. We'd drained all of our energy and neither of us wanted to admit what was really happening between us, yet I think we both knew the truth. I could see myself falling hard for Sky and I could only hope that she was going to do the same with me. God knows I didn't deserve her, but while I had her, I wasn't going to let anything come in between us again.

Chapter 17

Skylar

Waking up in Ford's arms was like being in Heaven. The smell of him reminded me that it hadn't been a dream. We lay in bed the whole morning talking and learning about each other. When our stomachs started growling, we got up and dressed so that both of us could go out to get something to eat. He said his aunt owned the diner and that she made the best pancakes that I would ever have in my life. Since we'd skipped dinner, I didn't care what I was eating as long as it took the pain in my stomach away.

While driving, he pulled me over to sit next to him, holding my hand the whole way. I leaned my head on him and appreciated how close he wanted me to be. When we got inside, Ford walked around the counter and kissed the familiar older woman. He smiled and led her over to where I stood. "Sky, this is my aunt. Everyone calls her Viv."

I smiled and looked at the lady, who was eyeing me up and down. She pointed at me. "I remember you. My nephew brought you here a while back and paid for your meal. Then he left that night without sayin' goodbye."

I felt so uncomfortable.

He grabbed her shoulders. "Stop teasin' her. She thinks you're serious."

The lady finally smiled and winked at me. "I'm just kiddin' with ya sugar. Any friend of Ford's is a friend of mine. Are you two here for breakfast? Joe made the bacon crispy, just how you like it."

Ford turned and waved to the guy that was cooking. "What's up?"

"What's up, cuz? Who's that pretty piece of honey?"

"Someone you can't have!" Ford said sarcastically.

I waved to the guy, before being carted to a table. "I take it that's another cousin of yours? How many do you have?"

"A few." He handed me a menu and looked around, before his aunt brought us two coffees and a cup of milk.

"Would you like anything else to drink, hun?"

I shook my head. "No thank you."

Ford poured half the milk into his coffee and added some sugar. He took a sip and then sat his cup down. "You met Shayne already. He has a sister, named Peyton and a brother Parker. They're twins and they're eighteen. My aunt and uncle have their hands full when it comes to them. Shayne was eight or nine when they were born, so he really isn't that close to either of them. That's all the cousins that I have on my mom's side of the family." He motioned his head toward the kitchen. "Joey is my aunt's son. He's the same age as me and we went to school together since kindergarten. I played football and he played soccer. I played baseball and he played lacrosse. My first car was a Ford, his was a Chevy."

I put my hands up for him to stop. "Okay, I think I get what you're saying. Obviously, you are pretty opposite."

"I keep to myself, when it comes to my family."

I stirred the cream and sugar up in my coffee and took a sip. "Has it always been like that?"

"No." He played with the rim of his cup. "After Harley passed away."

I felt stupid for asking, but Ford reached across the table and smiled. "I'm sorry." I said quietly.

"It's not your fault. Besides, I want you to know."

We were caught off guard when two plates stacked high with pancakes and bacon were put on the table. His aunt walked over to the counter and grabbed the bottle of syrup, then brought it back to our table. "Enjoy."

I look at the gargantuan pile of hot cakes and didn't know where to start. "Ford, I can't eat all these."

He'd already started shoving some in his mouth. "Just taste them before you make any quick decisions."

I grabbed a knife and started buttering each of the pancakes, then , one at a time, I put syrup on each one. Ford was shoving bite after bite into his mouth. When I still hadn't taken a bite, he put down his fork and grabbed mine. He loaded a giant bite on it before shoving it towards my mouth. I opened it, feeling like he was going to force-feed me if I didn't.

He was right. They tasted fantastic. I savored the taste with every single chew. "They're delicious."

He smiled and grabbed his fork again. "There's only one thing that tastes better."

"What's that?" I took a sip of my coffee.

"You!"

Coffee went flying out of my nose and I began to choke. I couldn't believe he'd just said that. Ford was laughing so hard, I thought we were both going to be choking. "Don't say that where other people can hear."

He kept laughing. "I can't believe you're actin' all shy. It ain't like there's a lot of people in here."

"I don't want your aunt hearing. She'll think I'm a slut."

He laughed again. "She ain't goin' to think that. There's a lot of slutty girls in this town, and my aunt knows every one of them."

"From working here?" I wondered if everyone hung out at this place.

"From one of her sons bringin' a different one of them home every night. Jamey is a male whore."

"I thought you said her son is Joey?" I was confused.

"They're brothers. Jamey just turned twenty-one. He thinks the world revolves around him." He shook his head. "Wouldn't you rather hear about my first kiss and whether I prefer ranch or blue cheese?"

I sat my fork down and looked right at Ford. "I want to know everything."

He raised his eyebrow. "That's goin' to take some time." He turned when the door opened and watched whoever walked in. Since I didn't know anyone in town, I didn't bother looking.

I folded my hands on the table. "It sounds like a lot of dates."

Before Ford could reply, someone was standing over our table.

Ashley stood there, leaning on the edge. "Seriously?"

Ford looked from me to his ex. "Not the time, Ash."

I thought back to the day where she'd chased me away and made me feel like Ford had been using me. "No, it's fine. You should join us. Ford was just telling me all about his family. We came here so I could taste his aunt's pancakes. I realize that it's almost noon, but we didn't get much sleep last night, right babe?" Ford was in shock and, to be honest, I couldn't believe that I'd just done something so vicious. I'd never fought with a girl, or even defended myself to this sort of extent.

Ashley looked devastated. She made some sound and walked away from the table, without speaking.

Ford wiped his mouth on a napkin and finished off his coffee. "You probably shouldn't have done that, darlin'."

"She deserved it."

He shook his head. "Ash is someone you don't want to piss off. You may have just started a war."

I didn't care. She wasn't going to scare me away from Ford.

Not again!

Ford

It was just my luck to run into Ashley my first morning that I had Sky back. Of course she would still come into the diner for breakfast. I knew what her motives were. She thought she was going to run into me, since I ate there almost every Saturday. Unfortunately for her, I wasn't dining alone.

What started as a great morning, turned into something that worried me. When Ashley wasn't the center of attention, she could be vicious.

"I'll be right back." Sky stood up from the table, so I stood up, too.

"Where are you goin'?" I was in a panic, feeling like she was going to dive right into another altercation with the ex.

She reached over the table and touched my arm. "Chill, Ford. I have to use the bathroom."

I sat back down and looked around the diner, not able to spot Ash standing up anywhere. Figuring that everything would be all right, I finished up my breakfast and stole a piece of Sky's untouched bacon. My aunt saw me and shook her head.

When I heard loud yelling coming from the direction of the ladies room, I knew what was happening. My aunt went running at the same time as I did.

Two grown women were down on the floor. Each had a hand full of hair and were swinging at one another. Sky's skirt was jacked up higher than it should have been while Ash's shirt was ripped at the neck. Knowing that my aunt wouldn't be able to handle Ash, I went over and grabbed her, pulling her off of Sky. My aunt crouched down and offered a hand to her, while I held a very angry Ash against the wall.

"I'm not havin' this shit in my establishment, you got it?" Aunt Viv was pointing at Ash and she wasn't happy about it.

"She started it!" Ash pointed at Sky.

"She wouldn't shut her mouth!" I couldn't believe that Sky was still defending herself.

My aunt looked right at me. "Ford, go on and get your girlfriend home."

Aside from a couple dirty looks the confrontation was over, courtesy of my aunt. She'd probably say I owed her some kind of project at her house, but I didn't care. The fight could have gotten uglier than it already was.

Shortly after that, we left the diner and headed back to my place. We were both tired and I wanted to get a shower.

I didn't want to argue with Sky, especially about Ash, but she needed to know what she was capable of. It wasn't fair that Sky had to deal with her. We weren't together when I met Sky. I owed her no explanation.

I pulled over a little ways down the road and leaned over, grabbing Sky's hand. "I guess you hate the diner?"

"I thought breakfast was perfect. Sure, I had a little set back, but I'm not going to let it ruin our time together. This is too important to me, Ford."

I kissed her hand. "I know what you mean. For what it's worth, though, I'm sorry."

She squeezed my hand. "Obviously, Ashley thinks you're amazing, otherwise she wouldn't be fighting to keep us apart. She told me that you told her you loved her a couple days ago."

"I never said that! I swear!"

She smiled. "If you loved her then you wouldn't be with me. I knew she was lying. That's why I went after her. I've sat back and watched other girls fawning over my boyfriend. After a while, I guess he decided that he wanted to see what they had to offer. It changed me. I feel like if I want something then I have to be willing to fight for it."

I let go of her hand and tucked her hair behind her ear. "You don't have to fight for me, darlin', because I don't plan on goin' anywhere. You're too great to let go of again."

"Good answer."

Leave it to my dad to get up in my business. He saw us pull up and must have wondered who the girl in the fancy car was. When he realized who it was, I think he was at a loss for words. "I didn't think I'd see you here again."

Sky walked toward my dad and looked back at me. "I guess I had a good reason to come back."

He looked her up and down and I immediately felt protective of her, thinking back to him eyeing her up on the side of the road. "Sky's spendin' the weekend with me, so I won't be able to go fishin' like you wanted."

She turned around and looked at me wide-eyed. "I love fishing! Can we all go?"

My dad chuckled. "If you'd rather go fishin' than be alone with my son, I wonder if I didn't teach him enough of my moves." He started swaying his body around.

I cringed. "You're goin' to make her lose her breakfast. Quit that shit!" I put my arm around Sky. "You ain't got nothin' on me, old man. Besides, I'm pretty sure she's happy, aren't you?"

She leaned her head into my chest. "Of course."

He looked from me to Sky. "So are we goin' or not?"

Sky answered for us. "Yes. We'd love to go."

"Don't forget your mother comes home next weekend. Do you plan on bringin' this pretty lady to the party?"

Sky looked up at me. I'd tried to avoid the subject, since I wasn't planning on going. "Is it really necessary that I welcome her back?"

"You're damn right it is. She needs us."

"I don't trust her and I think it's stupid to assume she's changed. In my opinion, the woman should be locked up for at least five years, before any of us should trust her again. She left us!"

"She made mistakes!"

"She abandoned her family. God knows what she's done for all these years. " I was irate thinking about it. How could he be so stupid when it came to her?

"She will always be my wife and your mother. Time isn't going to change that."

I pointed my finger in his face. "Mark my word. When she rips out your heart again, I don't want to hear your shit, old man."

I grabbed Sky and we walked back to my place before he could say anything else about it. I didn't just want to avoid talking about my mom, I wanted to avoid seeing her and talking to her. Nothing she could say would make things okay between us. She'd destroyed me and now I had more reason than ever to hate her.

Sky waited to speak until we were back inside. "Ford, I think it's sweet that your dad still cares for her."

"Please don't do that!"

She sat down on the bed. "Do what? If you want to know me, you're going to have to know that I'm going to give you my opinion."

I leaned into her, kissing the top of her head. "I appreciate your opinion, but you don't know what it was like. She left us. She just walked out. We needed her."

We were so close and I could tell she was searching for what to say next. I kissed her on the top of the head again and stood back up straight. I'd made it to the bathroom and started taking off my clothes before she followed me inside. "I don't have anything to wear." She looked down at her little skirt and tight shirt she was wearing. "I can't fish in this."

I leaned against the wall and turned off the water. After putting a pair of shorts back on, I grabbed her hand. "Come with me."

As I pulled her out of the apartment, she kept asking where we were going, but I refused to answer her. Walking in bare feet across the gravel and hard grass was pretty painful. It helped me focus with what I was about to do. When we got into my dad's place, I led her upstairs, still saying nothing. At the back of the hallway, we stopped at the door. I put my hand on the doorknob and closed my eyes as I opened it.

Sky let go of my hand when she realized where I had taken her. She backed up and wouldn't enter the room. "Ford."

"We don't come in here much. I reckon my dad does when nobody's around. When she first passed away, my aunt came in and cleaned everything, since neither of us could do it."

I sat down on Harley's bed and looked around. There were still pictures of us everywhere. I could feel the lump forming in my throat as I watched Sky taking in the room. She walked over to her vanity table and looked at some of the pictures.

Of course, Ash was also in most of them. "They were really close, huh?"

"Yeah."

She walked over to the bed and crouched down in front of me. "I can't wear your sister's clothes."

I brushed my hand over her cheek. "They're just sitting in here collectin' dust. A couple outfits won't hurt. She was close to your size, so I'm sure you can find plenty. Help yourself."

She looked into my eyes that were burning. "Are you sure?"

I nodded. "Yes. I can't have my girl smellin' like shit."

She smacked my leg. "I can't believe you said that!"

I grabbed her by the waist and pulled her down on the bed with me. My fingers maneuvered over her sides, tickling her. She began screaming and trying to wiggle herself away.

Then the door to my sister's room busted open. I saw my father standing there wide eyed. "What do you think you're doin'?"

Sky sat up and then I followed. "Calm down, Dad. We were just gettin' Sky somethin' to fish in. It ain't no big deal."

"Bullshit!" He looked around the room. "This is all we have left. You both need to get out of here, right now!"

I stood up and grabbed Sky's hand. I could tell she was freaking out over the way he was being. "They're just clothes." I grabbed the few things that Sky had picked out and we walked by my dad.

He leaned against the doorframe. "I don't really feel like goin' fishin'."

I held up my hands and walked backwards down the hall. "Whatever!" After making it outside, I put my arm around Sky as we walked toward the apartment. "Sorry about him."

"I get why he's mad."

I held the door as we walked into the apartment. Sky turned around to face me. I rubbed her shoulders. "You borrowin' some clothes ain't goin' to make us forget about her. Nothin' could make that happen." I tugged on the bottom of her shirt waiting for her to lift her arms and allow me to pull it over her head. She followed my lead and the shirt was tossed on the floor at our feet. "Now that we ain't goin' fishin', I think we should make the most of our day together."

She smiled and pushed down my shorts as she spoke. "What did you have in mind?"

I stepped out of my shorts and started walking back toward the bathroom, with her still holding onto my waist. "We could just hang out here."

"Or we could do something crazy."

I raised my eyebrow, wondering what she considered crazy. "Like what?"

"Where is the nearest tattoo shop?" She traced one of the tats on my arm.

I smiled. "You want some ink?"

She shook her head. "Nope. I was thinking of getting something pierced." Sky giggled and turned on the water to the shower. I helped her remove her clothes while thinking about her getting her nose pierced, or maybe the cartilage in her ear.

We climbed into the shower together. She bit down on her lip and ran her hands up my chest, lathering it up with a bar of soap. "I can take you to the place I go. It's about forty minutes away."

Sky reached down and grabbed my cock. She sunk down to her knees and put it right in her mouth. I looked down, watching her take it further without gagging. If she kept this up, it was going to be hard for me to want to take her anywhere. She pulled away and licked at the tip. "Does this person pierce everything?"

My dick responded to her question and she giggled. "What do you mean, everything?"

She licked the tip again. "I think you know what I mean."

Yeah, I knew. I watched her sucking on my dick, like she hadn't just told me that someone was going to be piercing her clit. As her lips surrounded my c**k again, I grabbed the razor and stilled her. "You're goin' to need a good shavin'."

Sky quietly sat down on the tub edge. She spread her legs and waited for me to crouch down to her level. "You do it."

I kissed her on the lips before beginning. "My pleasure."

Chapter 18

Skylar

Ford made me feel alive when he looked at me, and when he touched me, I felt like nothing else mattered in the world. He didn't just make the pain of the past easier. He made it go away.

Just like the first time we'd been together, I felt things for him that I'd never experienced with anyone else. I felt like we'd known each other for a long time and nothing felt more natural than wanting to be a part of his life.

It was a shame that I had to deal with his ex at the diner. We were having such a good morning until she walked in. After that confrontation, I knew his aunt was going to have mixed feelings about me. She probably thought I was bad for her nephew. It wasn't my fault that his ex couldn't get the point. More than anything, I knew she was jealous. She thought she'd sent me away forever. How could any of us have known that we would find our way back to each other?

Ford took his time shaving me. He lathered up my skin and paid close attention to the way the razor glided against my skin. I watched him licking his lips a couple of times and could see that he was rock hard while he was doing it. I couldn't tell him how my pu**y was literally throbbing every time he touched it.

After he'd shaved the area, he rinsed off the soap and then tested the area to make sure he hadn't missed a spot. The way he did that was to use his lips. I watched him kissing the smooth skin first, except that wasn't enough for him. He separated my legs, opening me up as he sank down again, savoring me with his tongue.

I grabbed the back of his head and held him in place. His groans vibrated off of my skin and it made the tingles even worse. Ford sucked my bud into his mouth and I lost it. I clench a fist-full of hair in my hand and cried out. After a considerable amount of time to regain my senses, Ford stood back up in the shower. He lifted me with ease, finding my mouth and supplying me with another dose of passionate kisses. Our tongues collided while our wet lips caressed and mingled.

Ford pressed me up against the shower wall. He grabbed my ass and lifted me up. I wrapped my wet, slippery legs around him, trying to hold on the best I could. I held one arm around his neck and used the other to grab his c**k and position it at the base of my pu**y.

He wasted no time sliding inside of me. I pointed my toes when I felt his ass muscles tightening with each thrust. Deep grunts vibrated off of my neck as Ford pounded in and out of me, while holding my body against the wall.

The friction left my body burning in a good way, while the slaps of our wet skin turned me on. Each time we smacked together, it made my clit throb. Finally I could feel myself losing muscle control. Ford dug into the skin on my ass as he started tightening up his own body. He squeezed his eyes closed and pressed his head into my neck again. I bit down on his shoulder, feeling the same way, and not being able to cope with the euphoria that was overwhelming my body.

The water began to get cold and we still had to wash our bodies. Ford shared the soap with me as we both hurried to get done. Once outside, Ford wrapped me in a towel and ran into the other room to grab the clothes that we'd picked out from his sister's dresser. I still felt weird about wearing them, but didn't want to say anything to hurt Ford's feelings. "Thank you."

He smiled and held out a pair of panties for me to step into. He was right about being the same size. They fit like they were my own clothes. Her bra was a little tight, but it was manageable. When he held out the shorts for me, I grabbed onto his shoulders and stepped into them one foot at a time. He buttoned them and ran his hands up my stomach, kissing me at my belly button. "I like you bein' here, Sky."

I ran my hand through his wet head. "I like it, too."

Ford stood up and grabbed one of the shirts we'd picked out. I lifted up my arms and let him finish dressing me. He smoothed out the fabric around my br**sts. "You're so f**kin' sexy."

I could feel myself blushing as I smiled. "So are you."

He laughed and shook his head. "I reckon it's time to make that phone call if you're still wantin' to get pierced."

"Oh, I still want to. I just didn't ever have the nerve before."

He dropped his towel and walked, naked, over to his dresser. Even though we'd just been together, I thought about how sexy he was. His ass was perfect and I loved the way his shoulders were defined.

Ford turned around and looked at me out of the corner of his eyes. "You hungry again?"

"That depends what kind of hunger we're talking about," I replied.

He pulled on a pair of boxers and finally turned around. "Don't temp me, Sky. I will come right over there and give it to you again."

I folded my hands in my lap and watched him finish getting dressed. Then he jumped onto the bed next to me with his cell phone in his hand. "I need to call my buddy and make sure his piercer works on the weekends. You want to come outside with me so I can get some service?"

"Do we have to climb on a roof?"

He chuckled. "Not usually." Ford stood up and grabbed my hand, pulling me up with him. "I can get a signal by standin' outside my door. Sometimes it will ring in the kitchen. It all depends on the damn weather."

"You didn't tell me that when I was here before."

He shook his head and opened the door. "You never asked. Besides, before I got you naked, we weren't exactly on speakin' terms."

I leaned on the door across from him. "So, you were going to murder me, weren't you?"

"Nah, the freezer downstairs was already full."

I shook my head and crossed my arms. "Glad I put out then."

He smiled and started to talk to whoever was on the other line. Realizing that I was actually going to let some strange person see my private parts made me feel uneasy. I should have told him never mind, but didn't want him thinking that I was a sissy. I was trying to be sexy.

I was such an idiot.

Ford

I could tell she was nervous, but a part of me wanted to see if she actually had the nerve to go through with it. She was quiet for the first part of the ride. Since I had her right up against me in the truck, I wasn't too concerned about her saying anything. Besides, we hadn't had that much sleep and I knew she was tired.

When we were about twenty minutes away, I grabbed her thigh and rubbed up and down it. "You alright?"

She nestled her head into my arm. "Yes. I guess this person is used to seeing naked parts?"

How could I not laugh at that? "Yeah, I'm pretty sure."

"Do you think it will hurt?"

I pulled over in a parking lot and looked at her. "Sky, why are you doin' this if it's botherin' you that much?"

"My friends at school got it done. They said that it made their sex even better. I figured since ours is already amazing, it could make it spectacular, like mind blowing."

I leaned over and kissed her tender lips. "It's already mind-blowin' to me, darlin'. Why do you think I was so glad to see you last night? Every night since we were together has been awful without you. I was startin' to wonder what you did to me, those nights."

Sky began to laugh. "I didn't do anything, but the feeling is mutual."

"Just to be clear. You don't have to go through with this for me. I like you just the way you are." I reached my hand between her legs and rubbed. "It's goin' to be hard to be gentle when all I want to do is have this in my mouth tonight."

She made a funny face. "Keep driving. I want to do something crazy!"

"Yes, ma'am."

The tattoo shop was like every other one I'd been in. The sound of the devices were something that you could always pick out. The buzzing got quiet as the artist noticed us standing at the front counter. I recognized him as one of my buddies. He shook my hand. "What's up man?"

I motioned toward Sky. "This is Sky. I told you what she's lookin' for."

My friend smiled and I knew right away what he was thinking. The blood started boiling and I clenched my fists to prevent from saying something that would cause a confrontation. He wanted her, though. He may as well have just come out and said it from the way he was staring at her. I knew I had to make things clear, immediately.

"She's with me, Chris. Just so we're clear."

He held up his hands. "Sorry, man. You're damn lucky, that's for sure."

Sky nudged me in the side. "Embarrassing!"

"Sorry," I whispered. "He was standing there f**kin' you in his head."

While Chris walked into the back, Sky put her hands on her hips. "Are you jealous? Worried I'm goin' to rip off my pants and let him take me in the back?"

I cocked my eyebrow. "That ain't even funny."

She started laughing. "Yes, it is."

I got up close to her. "We need to make somethin' clear, right now. This thing is exclusive. I ain't into sharin'."

She reached between my legs and grabbed a handful. "I don't share either, just so we're clear."

I put my hand over hers and applied pressure. "Oh, we're very clear."

Chris came back out and cleared his voice to get our attention, but Sky was slow to remove her hand. "So, you can both come on back. Trina does all the girl piercings."

I didn't know Trina, who turned out to have blue hair and more face piercings than I could count, but she wasn't Chris and that was good. The thought of him seeing my girlfriend's pu**y wasn't cool with me after I caught him eyeing her up.

Trina explained all of the details of the procedure to Sky. After she filled out a couple forms and paid her money, she picked out the jewelry she wanted and got undressed. I sat in a chair in the corner of the room watching her.

Trina walked out of the room to get something.

"Ford, come here." Sky waved her hand.

"You backin' out?"

She shook her head and smiled. "No. I just wanted you to know that even if things don't work out with us, every single time I touch this piercing, I'm going to remember you being here when I got it. I've wanted it for a while, but it never seemed right. Thanks for bringing me."

I leaned down and kissed her as Trina came back into the room. Sky grabbed my hand and asked me to stay. Honestly, I didn't like watching. There was blood and it was just weird. I thought about not being able to kiss her there for a while and it made me sad. I'd just got her back.

Sky seemed uncomfortable during the procedure and she took an extra-long time getting her shorts back on. "You ready to go?"

She shook her head. "How about a tat? I want one."

"You're glutton for punishment today, ain't ya?"

She grabbed a book and started flipping through it. "Come pick one out."

"I have plenty, in case you haven't noticed."

"I think you should get one on your cock," She giggled.

"Well, I think you're insane." I reached over and grabbed her breast. "Maybe you should tat up your ni**les."

She grinned and looked right into my eyes. "I will if you will."

I just shook my head and stopped looking at her. It wasn't that I didn't like her sense of humor. It was the opposite. The more funny things she said, the more I wanted to find a back room and take her in it. "Don't tempt me, little lady. I like it when you talk like that."

She stood up, holding a page open. "I know what I want!"

I peered down at the book and saw a tiny cluster of hearts. It was cute for a girl. "They're nice. Where do you want them?"

She pulled down the top of her shorts. "On my hip."

I let my fingers trail over her hipbone. She smiled and watched me doing it. "That's sexy." I grabbed the book and pretended to look at a page. "Oh, I know what I'm gettin'."

She tried to see the page and I kept it up high. Finally, I put it down. "Just kiddin'. I'm goin' to wait to get work done. I don't want any part of me to be sore when I have to rock your world tonight."

She raised her eyebrows at my comment. "I won't say no."

"You never have, darlin'."

I didn't care if Sky wanted to stay and get some work done. She was coming home with me and that was all that mattered. Come Sunday, she'd be heading back home. This time, I knew how to find her again. We could talk every night and see each other on the weekends. As much as I thought it wasn't possible, I saw myself being with Sky and having a real relationship. It was about time that I let myself be happy again and I knew she could make it happen.

Chapter 19

Skylar

The piercing was uncomfortable, but the tattoo hurt like a bitch. Ford sat in the corner trying hard not to laugh at me, considering all the tattoos that he had on his body, I was sure he knew how it felt. His showing off finally stopped when the guy turned off the machine and wiped antiseptic around my new artwork. I loved the hearts and felt like they looked sexy. After paying him, I followed Ford back to the truck. We climbed in and I saw him staring at me. "What?"

"I'm just happy, that's all."

His words kept making me smile. "I am too. We need to thank your cousin for getting us back together. If it hadn't been for his meddling, we never would have found each other."

"Yeah, I think he and I are pretty even. I've done a lot for that bastard through the years."

I wanted to know little details like this. Anything that Ford could tell me about himself or his family made me excited "So, what exactly does that mean?"

"Let's just say that I lent him money when he was in trouble, that he's never paid back. I took the blame for him when he and his brother drove a four-wheeler through their neighbor's fence. I took the blame for smoking up in his room when we were teenagers, too. The list goes on and on."

I was laughing at him halfway through his confession. His face looked so angry. "So, can I blame you for my new tattoo?"

"Do you plan on me ever meetin' your parents?" He looked serious.

"Um, yeah. I was going to ask you to come next weekend, but you have to be here for your mother."

He shook his head and looked forward at the road. "That ain't happenin', Sky. I know you think I should be there. Hell, everyone else thinks I should, too. Shit needs to be proven to me before I can welcome that woman into my life with open arms. Honestly, I don't know if I will ever be able to do it. She's taken too much from me." He reached over and grabbed his pack of cigarettes off the dash.

I got quiet and watched him light one up and roll down his window. The topic had stressed him out. "I haven't seen you smoke this much."

He looked at the cigarette like he hadn't noticed he had it. "The shit just frustrates me, Sky. She hasn't been around in over ten years. We found her in a real-life crack house. My dad thinks that a few weeks in the hospital is goin' to make her all better again. You didn't see him drinkin' himself to death day in and day out. I can't watch him do it anymore. I won't!"

I reached over and grabbed a cigarette out of the pack. While stunned over what I was doing, I caught Ford off guard and grabbed his to light mine. I tucked it back between his lips and puffed on mine, coughing almost instantly.

Ford pulled it away from my lips and tossed it out the window. "They ain't good for you."

I grabbed his and did the same thing, turning to him and smiling after I'd done it. Without saying anything, I climbed on top of him, while he drove, straddling his legs. I kissed him softly, running my hands over his ears. "Forget about everything and focus on me, Ford. Let me be your distraction."

It was a good thing that we were driving down a deserted highway, because he kept veering off the side of the road as I kissed him. The more I did it, the more he matched my motions. I opened my eyes and watched him trying to stay focused on the road. It was obvious that he was having a tough time.

My piercing felt like it was pinching me, but I couldn't let a little pain get in the way of distracting my pain-stricken guy. He needed to know that he was my first priority.

Thankfully, we made it back to his place in one piece. If I had to pick a way to die, though, I'd pick being on top of Ford and feeling his kisses.

Even though we'd made it back to his place, we didn't exactly get out of the truck. Ford had me where he wanted me and he wasn't going to let me off of him until he was done with me.

The stubble on his face, tickled my neck as he made his way up to my ear. "Lift up your shirt."

I did as he said and held onto his head when he dove right in, taking one of my ni**les into his mouth. My back pressed hard against the steering wheel as his hand and mouth explored my naked skin.

I wasn't just sitting still while all of this was going on. My natural reaction was to begin rocking my body back and forth. I wanted to know that he was rock hard under that pair of shorts. "We should go inside."

He took one hand and reached it up my shorts. "Oh yeah, you're so ready."

I felt his fingers entering me. He made sure he stayed away from my swollen clit. I could still feel what he was doing, and the pain from the piercing was bearable. I rocked against his fingers. "Suck my nipple. Bite it!"

Ford teased my nipple with his tongue, getting it so close but never touching it. I moved myself to try and make contact, but he was too quick. It was making me hotter and I didn't know if I wanted him to suck on it or keep playing around.

When he finally took it into his mouth, he jerked his fingers roughly at a harder pace. I felt his teeth dragging over my nipple right before he bit down and pulled. My head fell back as I kept rocking. "Oh, God, yes...It feels so good. Please, don't stop!"

He sucked harder and the pain was pleasure. "I want more than this truck allows."

I started to tremble, feeling butterflies running through my body. "You can have anything you want."

He patted my side. "Slide off."

I did what he said and watched him open the door and climb out. His erection was easy to spot sticking up from under his shorts. He held out his arms. "Come here."

I let him grab me out of the truck, but he flipped me over his shoulder and started carrying me like that up the stairs to his place. "Ford, I can walk."

I couldn't see where we were, but I heard him open the door and start talking. "What the f**k are you doin' here?"

I patted on his back for him to let me down. Of course, he was rock hard and my bra was completely hanging off, under my shirt, as well as my pants being totally unbuttoned. Ashley sat on the bed with her legs folded. I was at a loss for words, considering I'd wanted to beat her ass earlier.

"I came to apologize! I didn't think she'd still be here." She motioned towards me.

Ford reached for my hand. "You need to leave, Ash. I don't know how else to put it. We're through. I'm with someone else and there's nothin' you can do to change that."

She started to cry as she ran out of the apartment. Even though I didn't admit it, I felt bad for her. She obviously loved him.

Ford turned and looked at me. "Are you alright?"

I nodded. "Yeah, but I think you should check on her. I might not like her, but I don't want any accidents happening because she was too distraught to drive."

He grabbed both sides of my cheeks and just looked at me for a second. "I don't deserve you." I watched him walk out of the apartment without saying anything else back to him.

Five minutes turned into ten. After twenty, I started to wonder what had happened to Ford, then the worry set in. What if he really was some kind of player? Was he out there getting head from her, while I waited in here? I tried to shake off the nonsense sort of feelings I was having, but they wouldn't go away.

Then it really hit me.

I was falling for him.

It couldn't be possible.

But I was sure, that's exactly what was happening to me.

Ford

The last thing I wanted to do was walk away from Sky while having a stiff erection that was calling her name. Ash had caused enough problems for us already, and I really didn't feel like giving her another second of our time together. Still, to keep the peace, I decided to take Sky's advice and go check on her. I couldn't have her blaming me for something bad happening, which she definitely would have done.

Ash made it to the bottom of the steps before she plopped down and started crying. By the time I made it down there, she was in full-blown sob mode. I sat a couple steps behind her. She turned, to check to see if it was me, I guess. "Just go away, Ford."

"You obviously drove here to see me. I ain't leavin' until you tell me what you want from me."

Ash turned around again. Her makeup was smeared all down her face. "I wanted you. I came here to make that clear, but you were too busy with HER!"

I stood up and grabbed her by the arm, forcing her to walk out front with me. I didn't want Sky to have to hear her calling her names, which Ash was famous for. "Look, I ain't tryin' to hurt you, Ash, but I'm with Sky. I don't know how else to make that clear."

"She's not right for you. I've given you so many years. How can you just walk away from that?" She covered her face and cried harder. I felt bad, so I wrapped my arms around her and let her cry.

When I felt her putting her arms around me, I pulled away. "This is why I can't be your friend. I give you an inch and you want a f**kin' mile."

"You're mine! You promised we'd always be together. You said we'd get married. What happened to that?" Her defensiveness was making me think she wasn't going to stop harassing Sky until she made sure she didn't want anything to do with me.

"Things changed."

Offering her a simple explanation got me nowhere. "No! You lost your sister. I lost my friend. We should have gotten through it together, but you pushed me away. You ripped out my heart, Ford. I gave you my soul and you threw it away, for some cheap piece of ass. How could you do this to me?"

The name-dropping had begun. "Things changed a long time ago, Ash. Sky had nothin' to do with it. Harley didn't have anythin' to do with it either. I cheated on you years ago. You want the damn truth, well there it is!"

She put her hands to her side and walked up to me. "You're lyin'."

"The hell I am. We were at a party over at Pete's place. Guys started doing body shots off of your bare chest. So I took your friend in the kitchen and I f**ked her brains out."

She slapped me hard across the face. "Who was it?"

I figured she wouldn't remember. We partied with a lot of people and narrowing it down to one night was impossible. "It doesn't even matter. I tried to spare your feelin's, but I think I knew back then that things weren't goin' to last. We grew apart, Ash."

She ran her hands through her hair and screamed out into the night air. "Why is this happening to me?"

I leaned against the building and watched her losing it right in front of me. She paced back and forth a dozen times, talking under her breath. Finally she stopped right in front of me. "I hate you!"

"No you don't!" I started to laugh at her comment and she shoved me.

I fell back against the wall and tried to catch myself from losing my footing. Ash started to back away. "Fuck you, Ford!"

"Whatever!" I shook my head. "Don't come back, Ash! I ain't even kiddin'."

I watched her peel wheels out of the parking lot and onto the road. Once she was gone, I climbed the stairs to my apartment. Sky was sitting there on the bed and she looked upset. I kneeled down in front of her. "What's wrong, darlin'?"

Chapter 20

Skylar

I didn't mean for Ford to see me so upset. It was too soon to be showing my feelings for him. Falling for someone so soon was unheard of. It had to be lust and the excitement of being with him again. Yet I found myself sitting there and wondering about things that only someone in love would be feeling.

I didn't just want to know how things went, I wanted details. Ford was obviously down there for quite a while, so naturally, I wanted to know every detail of what they talked about. I wanted to know if he told her he would always love her. I wondered if they talked about what would have happened if his sister had never died.

What was wrong with me?

I didn't want to be this girl that clung to her man in fear of losing him. That's what forced men to go and do it. If Ford felt smothered he wouldn't even want to be with me. I had to get myself under control.

Ford was still waiting for me to respond to his question and secretly I was beginning to freak out. "Nothing."

He ran his hands up my thighs. "It don't seem like nothin' to me." He looked behind him and then back to me. "Look, I didn't mean for you to have to deal with her again. I swear, she's lost her mind."

I shrugged. "I get it. She wants you and is willing to go to extreme measures to make that happen. If I were her, I'd probably be doing the same thing." It was hard to keep looking him in the eyes when I said the next thing. "You're pretty great, Ford."

Ford clenched his jaw and stood up. He pulled his shirt over his head and climbed onto the bed. He pulled me down beside him and moved my clothes out of the way to look at my new tattoo. "I can't believe you did this."

"Why? I've done crazier things in my life."

He made a face and then smiled. "Like sleepin' with a complete stranger?"

"A very sexy stranger that kissed like no other man on the planet." I traced a tattoo on his arm. It was a long dragon, with tribal designs and a rose around it. "Is this new?" I didn't remember him having it last time.

"I added some more to it a couple weeks ago. I get bored, easily."

His comment caught me off guard. "Should I be worried?"

He fell down on his back and rubbed his face. "That came out wrong." He rolled back over. "Nothing about you could ever make me bored."

I rolled over and lay on his chest. His arm wrapped around my back and he kissed my head as I got comfortable. "You don't know that for sure. I could be horribly jealous and overbearing."

Ford rubbed my back. "I don't really care. It ain't like I go out anywhere. My life is here and so is my job. Aside from rescuing beautiful women who drive their cars in farm fields, I don't get out much."

We both laughed at his comment, and I kind of figured that I was the only woman he'd ever rescued like that, but it didn't stop me from asking. "How many women per year do you rescue?"

A little chuckle escaped him. "On average, maybe thirteen a month. I'm startin' to think that they're wreckin' just to spend the night with me. Word gets out in small towns and from what I hear, I got mad skills."

I smacked him lightly on the chest and laughed some more with him. "You did not just go there! Oh my God!"

He sat up causing me to do the same. "See how lame I am?"

I leaned in and kissed him slowly. "I kinda like lame."

He brushed the hair out of my face. "I kinda like you."

As his tongue entered my mouth, I forgot all about him being outside with Ashley. All I could think about was being alone with him, in his bed. His hands started to explore my body, but when he reached between my legs, I lifted my body and screamed. The pain was horrible.

Ford laughed and buried his head into the pillow. "Guess that means I don't get any of that tonight."

How could I have been so stupid to think I could just get that part of my body pierced and not feel pain? I lay down next to him and rubbed his back. "We can do other things."

He rolled over and looked at me. "Sky, it's probably better that somethin' is preventin' us from that. With you havin' to go home tomorrow, I'd rather spend more time just hangin' out. Now, with that bein' said, I want you naked in my bed, no matter what we're doin'."

"I thought getting the piercing was going to be sexy."

Ford cleared his throat. "Take off your shorts."

I stood up on the bed and shimmied out of my shorts, letting them fall down to my ankles. He pointed to my panties and motioned with his finger for them to go too. "You said no sex."

"I know what I said. Now come down here and let me see it close up."

I got down on my knees and watched as he got his "close up" look. I got hot watching him looking at my pu**y like he was studying it. He ran the back of his hands up and down my inner thighs.

"Does it look alright?"

He groaned and looked up. "Do me a favor. Don't you go showin' anyone else this. I want to know that I'm the only man that gets to see it."

I smiled and sank down onto the bed with him. "I promise."

He rubbed our noses together. "How about we get in this here bed and watch scary movies until we're scared shitless and can't fall asleep without holdin' onto each other, after we make sure all the doors and windows are locked."

"I love scary movies!"

He started laughing at me and grabbed the remote for the television. "Good. You can hold me when I get scared."

A little while later we were curled up under the covers watching movies. Once again, it felt natural. Ford was proving to me that our attraction wasn't just about sex. Sure, we were totally naked, but just being in his arms made me feel satisfied. More than ever, I was sure that what I was feeling for him was the real thing.

Ford

Just like the times before, waking up with her in my arms was the best feeling ever, unfortunately, it also meant that she had to go home today. After she walked into the bathroom, I got up and followed her. She was using the bathroom and looked shocked. "Can I pee in peace?"

I had my back turned to her. "We all pee, Sky." I put the toothbrush in my mouth. "Besides, I've seen every inch of your body."

I heard the toilet flushing and felt her walk up beside me. She held out her hand for me to give her my toothbrush. Like the day before, I handed it to her without argument. She stood there naked brushing, while I watched. "Stop it!"

I could tell she felt uncomfortable, so I kept at it. "What did you want to do today? Want to go pierce your ni**les or get your neck tatted up?"

She rolled her eyes and finally spit. "Okay, so maybe I went a little crazy yesterday. It's not like I regret doing it. Don't they look hot?"

"You were already hot."

"It still hurts."

I pulled her into my arms. "How about we go and do somethin' fun?"

"Like what? It isn't like you live in a big city."

"You're right, I don't. I was thinkin' I'd go with you to meet your parents. Shayne can drive me home. We'll meet up with them later for dinner and leave from there."

It was wrong to assume that she'd be okay with me meeting her parents, but after the Ashley fiasco, I wanted her to know that I was serious about us being a real couple. "Where did you say I could get the best phone service?"

I pointed. "Outside, on the porch. Why?"

She walked out of the bathroom and started getting dressed in more of my sister's clothes. "I'm going to call my parents."

Sky walked outside, while I got dressed. Thinking about meeting someone's parents was a little weird to me. I hadn't done it in a long time. With Ash, it was easy; I'd known her parents since we were in grade school.

When Sky came back into the apartment, she was all smiles. "My dad said he would love to meet the guy who has taken his daughter hostage for the weekend. They want you to come there for dinner."

Then it really hit me.

"Shit! What if they don't like me?"

"They like everyone."

I shook my head and wondered why I'd been so quick to offer this idea to her. Clearly, I was losing my mind. "I ain't like the guys you bring home to meet your parents. Look at me." I motioned to the tattoos.

"I think you look sexy as hell." She approached me, but I pulled away. I felt nauseous thinking about meeting her dad, and him telling her that she wasn't allowed to see me anymore. They knew she was spending the night with me. There was no way that they would be alright about it.

"Can you be serious? Dad's don't like sexy, Sky."

She laughed at me. "Why are you freaking out? I told my dad all about you."

"What?" I paced around the small area, thinking about him answering the door with a shotgun in his hand. "I can't go with you."

When I finally sat down beside her, she slid next to me and hugged me. "Please come with me, Ford. I want them to see how much of a great guy you are. If you really want to have a relationship with me, you're going to have to meet them."

"They won't like me. I can't offer you what those college graduates can. No man would want me dating their daughter." They probably loved her ex.

"I'll make you a deal." She stood up and looked down at me. "If you come meet my parents today. I will drive here next weekend and stay with you, whether you want to attend the party or not."

I raised one brow and asked, "And if I don't go?"

She put her hands on her hips. "I won't come see you next week." The look on her face was stern and I knew she was trying to manipulate me.

"One dinner. If I want to leave, I can at any time."

She reached over and hugged me. "They're going to love you."

I didn't want to go, but knew she was giving me no choice. I wanted to be with Sky, and meeting her parents was what I had to do to make it happen.

After calling my cousin, and making sure I had a ride home, Sky and I got ready to head to her parent's house. I think she knew I was worried, but she didn't get how nervous I was. I needed a cigarette, bad.

When we walked out to the car, I grabbed my smokes and lit one up. Sky started shaking her head. "I'm not going to kiss you."

"I'll brush my teeth." I winked when she shook her head in disappointment.

While running back up to clean my mouth, I got an idea that would stop her bossy butt from forcing me to do things. I climbed in the car next to her and cleared my throat before giving it to her straight up. "You know, if I'm miserable, I can leave, right?"

"No! You have to stay."

"I could always tell your parents what you had pierced last night." I laughed at myself, knowing I had her right where I wanted her.

She looked at me instead of the road. "You wouldn't!"

"Why not?"

With a smile on her face, she pulled over and looked right at me. "Because if you leave before dinner is over, I will never sleep with you again."

She looked so serious. I couldn't tell if she was bluffing, but being raised around a bunch of rednecks, I decided to call her on it. "You can't resist me."

"We'll see about that."

Okay, maybe my plan wasn't going as well as I expected. "Yeah, we will."

Chapter 21

Skylar

It was funny to me that someone like Ford could get nervous. He was acting weird, that's for sure. He changed his shirt four times and went into the bathroom applying, taking off, and reapplying shaving cream on his face. Then, after he'd shaved some of his stubble, but not all, he decided that his hair was too long and that he'd need to wear a hat. Once that was decided, he then couldn't pick one to wear, so I had to do it for him.

By the time we made it to the car, he had on a pair of khaki shorts, a button up shirt with a navy blue t-shirt underneath and a baseball hat that matched, which he ended up wearing backwards. I thought he looked great, but he still complained about not being good enough.

Since he obviously had never been to my house, I decided it would be best if I drove. We lived about an hour away from each other. Ford lived in the lower part of Maryland near Virginia. It was also the main route to get to the beach, so we got stuck in a little bit of traffic on the way back to my house. I didn't mind, since it meant that we were alone, but Ford was more anxious than I'd ever seen him. He tapped on the dashboard, changed the station a million times, and talked more than a normal man was capable of.

In the one hour and fourteen minute drive, he'd discussed the first fifteen years of his life, in detail. I talked about my early years, when he took a second to breathe and listen. He also smoked three cigarettes, with the window down all the way. I stopped and got him a pack of gum, then sprayed him with a bottle of car freshener to make sure he didn't smell of smoke.

When I pulled up in the driveway of my parent's house, Ford got even worse. "There is no way I'm goin' in there. Look at your house. Why didn't you warn me? My God, why are you drivin' that piece of shit car around, when there are two BMW's in the driveway?"

I looked at my house, but saw nothing out of the ordinary. We lived right outside of the town of Easton in a place called Royal Oak. My parents had money, but it wasn't like I bragged about it. Sure, my house was pretty large. It was professionally landscaped and the driveway had just been redone in a circular shape. Our ten-acre lot was small compared to some of my neighbors on either side.

"Just because my parents have done well doesn't mean I am a snob, or rich. My car used to be my mom's. They kept it in the garage and gave it to me. It wasn't bad when they first gave it to me. I've neglected it a little."

"You think?"

I smacked him on his leg. "Would you calm down? You're going in."

He grabbed my arm as I was about to climb out. "Seriously, Sky. I can't meet your parents. Why didn't you tell me you lived in a house like this?"

"What do you mean? It's just a house. Ford, please. You're being ridiculous."

I walked to his side of the car and literally had to pull him out. He held my hand even as I opened the front door and started to walk in. "It's just me!"

"We're in the kitchen, honey!" My Dad was an amazing cook and I was sure Ford would be impressed, if he could calm down enough to communicate.

I pulled him into the kitchen like he was a kid going to the dentist. When he saw my parents standing there looking at him, he froze.

My dad walked over and stuck out his hand. "It's good to finally meet the infamous Ford. My daughter has told me a lot about you."

Ford was quiet for a few seconds, and then finally he smiled. "It's good to meet you as well. I hope she said nice things about me."

"If they were bad, you wouldn't be standing here, would ya?" My dad could sense that Ford was nervous, so he was trying to break the ice.

I think Ford took it as a threat. "Yes, Sir."

My mother walked up. "I can see why Sky couldn't stop thinking about you. You're a very handsome boy."

"Thank you, ma'am. I think your daughter is great. I mean, she's real fun to be around." He shook his head. "I enjoy her company very much."

I couldn't help myself. I burst into laughter. It got so out of control that I had to grab Ford. "Come with me."

When we got upstairs I showed him to my room first. As soon as the door was shut, I grabbed him and pushed him onto my bed. "Stop being weird! They like you. It isn't necessary to try to impress them. If I like you, they like you. My parents are cool. They know we've slept together. We are adults, you know?"

He laughed at himself. "Yeah, I don't know what's gotten into me."

I leaned over and kissed him. "Ford, I want them to know you, because I want this to work out. I didn't expect to meet someone so soon after my last breakup, but there you were. I don't care what anyone else has to say about it. I want you and that is all that matters to me."

He grabbed both of my hands and pulled me on the bed, while looking around my room. "So this is where you cried yourself to sleep thinkin' about never seein' me again?"

I laughed. "Yeah. It sure is."

"It's a nice room."

"Do you want to see the rest of the house?" I didn't want to be rude and keep my parents waiting, but I knew Ford needed some time to calm down. He'd gotten himself so worked up over nothing.

"You can show me later. Let's not give them any reasons to think my intentions aren't proper."

I laughed again. "They aren't."

"Darlin, they don't have to know what I do to you when you're naked in my apartment, do they?"

We kissed one more time before joining them downstairs. To be honest, I don't even think they noticed we'd been gone. They were caught up in a conversation about one of my mother's trips.

When Ford finally sat down, he seemed to relax. My dad got them both a beer and they turned on an Oriole's game and started discussing baseball. When dinner was ready, we all sat at the table and discussed a variety of things. Thankfully, neither my mother nor father discussed any private details of my relationship. However, they did ask him about his family, which made Ford clam right up again. I helped him out by explaining that it was a conversation for a different time and they were fine with that.

After dinner, we retreated to the billiard room, where he and my dad played a few games. My mother kept telling me how attractive Ford was and comparing him to the way my father looked when they first met.

In no time at all, it was late and they both went up to bed. I knew it was getting near the time that Ford would have to leave and it made me sad, so I did what any good girlfriend would do in my situation. "I don't want you to go. Will you stay here with me?"

"Sky, your parent's were so nice. I don't want to piss them off."

I moved my head to the side and yelled up the stairs. "Can Ford stay the night so he doesn't have to drive?"

"Sure, honey!" My dad replied.

I grabbed Ford's hand and started pulling him up the stairs. "Please?"

He tried to fight me, I'll give him that. In the end, I won. Within minutes, he was sitting on my bed watching me change in my pajamas. "I feel like I'm goin' to get in trouble," he whispered.

I climbed into bed and leaned up on my elbow. "Take off your pants and get in here with me. If you're going to drive an hour to work, we should go to bed soon. It's almost midnight."

He shook his head, but did as I told him. Soon he was holding me. "Your bed is comfortable. Maybe I should get one like this."

"Maybe you should."

"Sky, I need to tell you somethin'."

I sat up and looked right at him. "What's wrong?"

He smiled. "Nothin'. I just want you to know that I'm glad we found each other again. I know it's early in this thing we got goin' on, but I care about you. I just want you to know how special you already are to me, that's all."

I pressed my lips over his and kissed him slowly. "If I let myself fall for you, do you promise not to hurt me?"

He got a real serious look on his face. "As long as you promise not to hurt me."

I nodded. "Okay."

He kissed me one more time. "Goodnight, beautiful."

Ford

She was beautiful, and even if it didn't last forever, she was mine. I'd never felt so connected to a woman before and it scared me. Having feelings for someone after shutting myself off for so long, made those feelings even stronger. I thought about her all of the time, especially when we weren't together. Finding her was a blessing and I wondered if my sister had something to do with it. I wasn't normally a spiritual person, but something or someone, besides Shayne, had brought us back to each other.

My phone rang first thing in the morning. I had to laugh that I had service on my cell phone at the worst time possible. Sky and I both woke up and reached for it.

My voice was raspy. "Yeah?"

"Where the hell are ya?"

"I spent the night at Sky's. I'll be in later!"

"You think that you can just skip out on your responsibilities just for some new pu**y!"

"I just decided to take the day off. See you tomorrow, old man."

Sky rolled over and leaned on my chest with her chin. I kissed the top of her head. "Go back to sleep, darlin'."

She wrapped her arm around me and closed her eyes, while I lay awake thinking about my life. I looked around Sky's room and had to appreciate her upbringing. She had two parents that had stayed together. They'd given her a good life and were able to offer her a top-notch education.

My dad had done his best after my mom left, but when Harley passed away, everything went to shit. He used my college money to pay for her funeral and his other bills while he was too drunk to work. The sad reality of it left me with nothing in the bank and a future fixing cars, which I didn't want.

It was the reason that I had shut down.

That first night with Sky changed me. It made me see that I could be happy again if I just let myself. I stroked her hair and wondered if deep inside she thought I was a loser, who wasn't going anywhere. How long was she willing to be held back by someone like me?

It made me sad thinking about losing her, which also made me realize how invested I already was in this relationship. It scared the hell out of me.

Being that I knew I couldn't sleep, I scooted myself out of bed and quietly got dressed. After finding the bathroom and using Sky's toothbrush to brush my teeth, I headed downstairs.

I could hear her father's voice coming from a closed door, but got distracted by the smell of fresh coffee. Not wanting to be nosey, I headed into the kitchen to make a cup. His voice caught me off guard. "Good morning, Ford."

"Good morning, sir. Thanks for lettin' me crash here last night."

He handed me a coffee cup and smiled. "My daughter thinks you're great and I'm happy to see her smiling again."

"I think she's great too."

He refilled his cup and leaned against the counter. "Not going to work today?"

"I had planned on it, but we aren't busy enough to worry about it. It's just me and my dad there."

"Do you like working on cars?"

I sipped at the hot coffee and thought about how to answer. Obviously, he wanted to know about my future. "It's alright. It ain't my first choice, though. I was in college for business. My uncle owns an auto detail shop. I thought about doin' somethin' like that; being a business owner, that is."

"Did Sky tell you what I do for a living?"

"No, sir."

"My company manufactures the specialty parts for imported and custom vehicles. We also specialize in restoration and have a whole new division starting up for that purpose." I could tell from the way he spoke that he was a businessman. It was impressive.

"Wow, she didn't tell me that."

"Do you see yourself being a mechanic forever, or would you like to do something else?"

I sighed. "It's not really up to me. My sister died last year and my dad sort of lost it. I dropped out of college to get him back on his feet, but I can't see things gettin' better for him."

He sat his cup down and pulled out his wallet, handing me a card. "It takes a real man to do something like that for his family. I'm sorry about your sister, Ford. It's a real shame when people we love are taken too soon in life. This is my card. If you ever change your mind about doing something different, I can get your foot in the door. My company also pays for certain certifications, so you not finishing college won't be a deal breaker."

I looked down at the card. "I appreciate this, sir. Like I said, I don't know if I'll ever be able to walk away, but this means a lot. My life hasn't turned out the way I wanted it to, that's for sure."

He put his arm on my shoulder. "I'm not asking because you're seeing my daughter. Her last boyfriend was a tool. He probably didn't know the difference between a hammer and a wrench. He sure as hell couldn't change a tire. Anyway, I'm always searching for new talent to add to my company. Someone young like you would be a good addition."

I put his card in my own wallet and saw Sky walking into the kitchen. She was wearing a pair of long pajama pants and a tank top. As much as I liked her naked, she looked cute this way too.

Her dad started to walk out of the kitchen, but not before kissing her on the head. "You two have a good day. I need to go make some calls and pretend to own a business."

Sky walked over and wrapped her arms around me. "Hi."

I reciprocated her embrace and kissed her tenderly on the lips. "Good morning."

"You should have woken me up."

"You looked so cute sleeping."

"Are you tired?" She looked up at my face.

"I feel more awake than I have in a long time."

It was because, for the first time in a long time, I had hope.

Maybe I could have the life that I'd dreamed of. It was up to me to make the changes for it to actually happen.

Chapter 22

Skylar

Being with Ford was so easy and I was glad to say that after nearly three weeks, we were still going strong. Since he was only an hour away from his house, he'd sometimes stayed at my house and then he would drive in to work the next day. Some weeknights we'd meet halfway and have dinner. I didn't care how far I had to drive as long as it led me to him.

My heart was full again and I loved looking forward to each weekend when we'd be inseparable.

As far as his family went, well his mother didn't get to come home like they thought she would. She ended up having to stay another three weeks. The only good part about it was that it was her decision, because she wanted to make sure she was prepared to face the world.

Her party had been moved to her new release date and even though Ford still didn't want to attend, he was going to it with me by his side.

The morning of the party, his whole family started arriving to help set up, while his father went to pick her up from the hospital. Ford was in rare form as he was forced to participate.

I was a little jealous of the amount of cousins that he had. I didn't have many cousins my age, so to see him with all of them made me envious. It wasn't like they were all best friends. Ford kept to himself, while the others goofed around. Sometimes I wished he would not be so uptight all of the time, but Ford was Ford and it was something that I also loved and appreciated about him.

Joey tried to flirt with me every time he got a chance. It drove Ford crazy. On this particular day I was wearing a dress. Joey came up in front of Ford and deliberately asked me if I was wearing panties under it. Ford put him in a headlock and forced him to apologize, just as the car pulled up with his mother in it.

I'd never really met the woman, but had heard so much about her that I didn't know what to think. She was just a little lady, maybe a couple inches shorter than me. I'd seen pictures of Harley and could see where she got her beauty from. Sure, she'd had some hard years and it really showed on her face, but underneath I could see where she was once a stunning woman.

Ford let go of his cousin and stood up as she walked toward him. I grabbed his hand, trying to make sure he didn't turn away and lock himself in his apartment. He was dreading this moment and she was doing it in front of the whole family. The look on his father's face showed hope and I didn't want him to be hurt by his son's actions.

She reached for his other hand and he didn't pull away. "Thank you for saving my life."

He said nothing.

She looked down at the ground, sadly. "I know you don't think I deserve to be here. No matter what it takes, I'm goin' to prove you wrong, Ford. I want to be a part of this family."

He nodded, but still wouldn't say anything to her. Ford just stood there like some statue made of stone.

Finally, she let go of his hand and looked at me. "You must be Ashley?"

I was shocked when Ford corrected her before I could. "This is my girlfriend Skylar."

"Oh, I'm sorry. I kept gettin' cards in the hospital from Ashley and Ford. I figured that was you."

I could feel the blood boiling inside of me as I put on a fake smile. Ford must have been equally as pissed off. "Ash and I were together last year. We aren't even friends now."

The woman grabbed my hand and smiled. "Forgive me for the mix up. It's so nice to meet you Skylar."

"You can call me Sky."

After the introductions, she walked back over to Ford's dad and started talking. It was about all Ford could take of the party, so we retreated back to his apartment. Joey came up and we watched a football game on the couch. After about a half hour, someone knocked on the door. It was sort of weird since everyone at the party was family, but Ford still got up and answered it politely. "Councilmen Tilly, what brings you over here?"

I had no idea who the man was, but he gave me a dirty look before turning his attention to Ford. "We need to talk in private."

Ford turned and looked at me and Joey. "Joe, can you give us a minute?" He turned to the man. "Anything you have to discuss with me, you can say around my girlfriend."

"Son, I'm afraid that I'm goin' to ask you to reconsider. This is a little more serious than I am comfortable talkin' about."

I walked over to Ford. "It's okay. I'll go down with Joey and mingle. Just find me later."

Ford didn't look like he felt comfortable and I didn't understand it.

In fact, it wasn't until I saw Shayne and Lacey that I knew who the man was.

"What does he want?" Shayne asked.

"He said he needed to talk to him in private. Who is he?"

"That's Ashley's dad."

My stomach dropped. To say I had a bad feeling would have been an understatement. A million thoughts ran through my mind, but I felt confident in the end of my self-torture to know that Ford and I would be okay.

Nothing could tear us apart.

Ford

"What's this about?"

"We need to sit down and have a talk about some things, son."

I kept standing. This guy wasn't going to tell me what to do. "I'm fine here."

"I need to know what your intentions are with my daughter. You can imagine that this predicament can cost me when it comes to the voters.

"What are you talkin' about? We aren't together and we're not goin' to be. If you haven't noticed, I have a girlfriend."

"That's where you're wrong. Ford, I'm not happy about this, but I'll be damned if I sit back and watch my daughter go at this alone."

I was lost. He must have had me mistaken with someone else. "Look, I'm tryin' to understand why you're here, but for the life of me, I can't figure it out."

"Her pregnancy. I'm here because she is going at this all alone and that needs to change."

I didn't know what to say to the man. Clearly he had me mistaken with someone else. "First, I didn't know she was even pregnant. Second, I'm not the father!"

He stood up, but did not walk closer to me. "She said she spent the night with you a couple months ago. My daughter was adamant about not bein' with any other man. You and I both know she's tellin' the truth."

I didn't know that, but he was right about one thing. I did sleep with her that one night. It hit me like a ton of bricks, but instead of thinking about being a father, all I could think about was losing Sky "I'll be a good father, but I have no plans on bein' with your daughter. She knows that already."

He walked up to the kitchen counter and handed me his phone. "Do you see what the screen says?"

On the phone screen was my father's name. It was a copy of a tax bill and he was in arrears for nearly twenty-grand; fifteen thousand to be exact. I stared at it. "Is this some sort of joke?"

"I'm afraid not. You're father hasn't paid his taxes in nearly four years. Now, I've held off on account of you bein' a part of our family, but I'm afraid that I won't be doin' you any favors from now on."

I looked right at the man, realizing what was happening. "You're blackmailin' me?"

He put his hands up. "Let's just say that I think we can come to a mutual agreement that will benefit us both. Your family can keep what's theirs and my daughter will be able to bring her child up right."

"You're insane! I won't agree to that!" What he was asking of me was ridiculous. I wasn't going to give up my life to be tied down to someone I didn't even like.

"I have the authority to take the business and the house as early as next week. I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but you may want to rethink that decision."

"Why didn't Ash come to me with this news? I want a paternity test before I agree to anything. I should discuss this with my dad, too. There is no way in hell that I'm signin' my life away without more proof."

He put his arm on my shoulder and I pulled away. He put up his hands. "I'll give you two days. If you take my deal, the tax problems disappear. If I haven't heard from you, I'll sign the paperwork and proceed with the property seize."

I watched him walk out the door before picking up an empty bottle and tossing it into the wall. It happened to be the second that Sky walked back into the apartment. She crossed her arms. "What the hell?"

"It's nothin'!"

She walked over and started picking up pieces of the glass. "This isn't "nothing", Ford. What did Ashley's dad want with you?"

I walked over and started helping her. "My dad didn't pay his taxes. He wanted me to know that we needed to come up with the money soon. I was just pissed about it."

It wasn't a complete lie, but I couldn't stand to tell her the whole truth. I'd gotten another woman pregnant and now I was stuck making a huge decision. I could be with Sky or protect my family. How had I gotten myself into this kind of situation? Even if I chose Sky, she was going to find out about the baby and leave me anyway.

I stopped picking up the pieces of glass and pulled her into my arms. "Do you have any idea how much you mean to me?"

She kissed me on the lips and picked up another piece. "Yes, I do."

"What do you say we get out of here and go stay at your house tonight? I don't feel like bein' around my family anymore today."

She smiled. "My parents are out of town. We have the house to ourselves."

"You should have told me that sooner. I didn't feel like bein' at this party, at all."

If I would have just stayed at her place I wouldn't be trying to run away from the truth now. I wouldn't know about the pregnancy or the taxes. I'd be alone, in bed, with Sky.

"Pack light. I don't plan on wearing any clothes once we get there."

Hearing her say that almost made me forget about my worries. Sky was the only person that made my life bearable. Imagining one moment without her was making me feel sick to my stomach. I'd opened up my heart and let her fill my life with hope. Her father had even offered me a way out. How was I going to be able to walk away from a future that I was so close to being able to have again?

I wanted to be pissed at my father, but the truth was that Ash's father would have found something else to blackmail me with. In a small town like ours, he could destroy your life and make everyone hate you in just days.

My mother was back, and for the first time in a long time, my dad was happy. I had to consider that my mother really did want to change. If it helped my father stop drinking, wasn't it worth giving them the chance to find out?

I had to keep quiet and not ruin my life until I knew for sure what was going on. I wasn't willing to lose everything, not this time!

Chapter 23

Skylar

We didn't even say goodbye to anyone when we left the party. Ford was driving and I could tell he was in rare form. He turned up the music and beat his hand on the steering wheel, like he did when he had a bad day at work. I reached over in the seat and wrapped my arms around him, which seemed to relax him a bit. "Are you okay?"

He kept looking at the road, but leaned over and kissed me. "I am now."

"If something was really wrong, you'd tell me right?" I was worried that he was keeping something from me. I knew the tax thing would upset him, but he seemed to be taking this so personal. I didn't get it.

"You've got nothin' to worry about, darlin'."

We had small talk on the way to my house, but nothing else serious. I was too afraid to make him upset again. The closer we got to home, the better he seemed to be. When we pulled up out front, he turned the truck off and looked at me. "Do you want to take off our clothes now, or wait until we're inside?"

I reached up and touched his cheek, running my hands over his stubbly face. "If we take our clothes off now, we may not make it into the house."

He kissed my nose. "Good point."

Ford wasted no time getting out of the truck and walking to the front door. I handed him my keys and let him open the door. He walked in and tossed them on the table, before turning around and lifting me into his arms. "What are you doing?"

He kept walking, taking us straight upstairs. "I'm taking your ass up to bed. I need to be inside of you, right about now."

Far be it from me to fight him on something he obviously needed. Besides, I was feeling a little on edge seeing him act so uptight. When his cousins had told me that the man was Ashley's father, I felt sick to my stomach, imagining the worst possible reasons for him to be paying Ford a visit. When I walked in and saw him tossing that bottle against the wall, I knew something was wrong.

Ford removed his shirt as soon as he sat me down on the bed. He leaned in and kissed me full on the lips, while pulling my dress over my head. He reached back and unhooked my bra as we continued to kiss. My br**sts freed and his hands were all over them. His eagerness gave me chills as his hands began to explore other parts of my body.

I unbuttoned his shorts and used my feet to get them pushed down. His boxers were next to be tugged off. With just my panties left, I lifted up my ass and let Ford pull them off of me, partly with his teeth.

He pushed me down on the bed and grabbed one of my legs, rubbing my foot as he kissed the base of my ankle. I pointed my toes and watched him kissing his way up to my knee and then my inner thigh. My ni**les tingled every single time I felt his wet lips leaving a part of my skin. As the air would hit it, the tingles traveled to the ends of my limbs.

I bit down on my lips and watched him kissing my belly button. Then he stuck out his tongue and licked all the way up until he was between my br**sts. While he was kissing his way up my neck, I bit down on my bottom lip. When he reached my mouth, his tongue found mine immediately. I moaned as we kissed and mingled our lips together.

Ford cupped one of my br**sts and pinched the nipple with two fingers. I gasped pulling him closer to me by wrapping my legs around his back. He pulled away and looked into my eyes, holding my face with both hands. "I need you to sit on my face."

I giggled, but soon realized that he was being completely serious. As hesitant as I was to sit on his face, I ran into the bathroom and turned on the shower. Of course, Ford followed me. I just didn't feel comfortable doing something like that unless I was fresh and my body smelled like soap.

Since we were both in the shower, Ford washed my hair in between kisses, then I washed his. He ran the bar of soap over my whole body and even washed my most personal areas. I found myself become more turned on by the way the soap felt as it rubbed against the sensitive areas of my skin. As he rinsed me off, he crouched down and separated my lips with his tongue. I reached up and ran my hands into my wet hair. I'd never had a man do the things that Ford wanted to do to me. He not only had taught me so much about myself and my body, but he'd showed me what I'd been missing out on. The exploration of each other's bodies had left me knowing every inch of him, as he knew every inch of me. I wasn't sure when it had happened, or if it had always just been there lingering. All I knew was that I was madly and completely in love with him.

He was all I wanted and the thought of ever losing him was too painful to even consider. When I looked at Ford I knew one thing for sure; he may not have said those words, but I was positive he felt that same way about me too.

Ford

I carried Sky to the bed, still having the taste of her sweet pu**y on my lips. She was going to sit on my face and give me what I wanted without a fight. I just knew it. Her heart and her trust allowed me to devour her and enjoy every single second of it. I'd memorized the way she tasted months ago, so as I grabbed her and pulled her on top of me, I started to smell her musky scent and went for it. I sucked on her, tasting her juices and hearing her cry out. My tongue stiffened as I f**ked her with it. Sky moved her body up and down, her head falling back as she moaned even more.

I felt her grabbing my c**k from behind her back, but until she started rolling over, I wasn't sure what her intentions were. I could feel her wet saliva dripping down my shaft before those perfect lips surrounded it. My hands went straight to her ass and I began licking her again, this time with more aggression. She was blowing me and it was making me crazy. I wanted her to cum first and I wasn't going to let off until it happened.

I could tell she was getting close because her movements slowed. I started shaking my head around while using my tongue. I think my whiskers gave her the extra tickle she needed to lose control, because that is exactly what happened.

Once she was able, Sky put her mouth around my dick again and started moving. Her pace was rapid and I could tell she didn't want to stop until I finished. The problem with that was the fact that I needed more than just a quick blowjob. With all that could go wrong in my life, I needed to feel her body close to mine, while I was inside of that perfect body. I wanted to be as close to her as physically possible.

I patted on her ass. "Darlin', I need to kiss you."

She finally stopped what she was doing and flipped her body around. Our first kiss was enough to send me over the edge, except I was too determined to have one certain thing. The best part was the fact that she'd flipped and was sitting in the right position for me to slide right inside of her. I didn't even have to ask if she was ready, since she'd took it upon herself to grab ahold of my dick and sit it right where it needed to be.

I filled her warm pu**y with everything I had. Her eyes closed and I could tell that it felt good. She moaned and ran her hands over my chest, even pinching my ni**les while rocking back and forth. She was so determined to get me off that I clearly wasn't going to be able to hold off much longer. I was going to have to let her know that this was different.

While holding onto her hips, I forced her to stop moving. "Not like this, Sky." I flipped her around. As she fell down on her back, I rolled on top of her. "I need to look at you and see those pretty eyes looking back at me. I can't f**k you tonight. It needs to be more."

Sky reached her arms around my neck and pulled me into a slow kiss. I held my lips against hers as I imagined how hurt she was going to be. I thought about this being the last time we were ever like this and it took a lot to hide my emotions. Instead of looking into her eyes, I buried my face into her neck, so she couldn't see me falling apart.

I'd never been so close to heaven as I was when I was with this woman and now something was going to take her away from me. What had started as a distraction was now the most important thing in my life. When I looked forward to my future, she was always in it. This pregnancy would end that dream.

I knew that I was going to have to lose Sky, but wasn't sure about how it was going to happen. The last thing I wanted to do was break her heart. Even if Sky cared for me half as much as I cared for her, it would crush her forever. She'd never trust another man for as long as she lived. I hated myself.

While still trying to participate, I could feel myself losing control. Even my c**k has stopped participating. My emotions were causing me to go limp and Sky was going to start asking questions. I kissed her on the neck and then sucked her ni**les into my mouth. Nothing was happening. I couldn't get hard and her hand was already grabbing it.

I looked at her to see her reaction. "Well, this has never happened before."

I just kept looking at her, like it would somehow make her stop asking questions.

"Ford, seriously. What the hell is going on?"

I rolled over on my back and covered my face with my hands, trying to find the words to tell her the truth. No matter how I said it in my head, it was going to have the same result.

I avoided looking at her. "I reckon I need to tell you somethin' and I know you're not goin' to like it."

When she said nothing and rolled over, I saw her sitting there with tears in her eyes. "Ashley's pregnant isn't she?"

Chapter 24

Skylar

I sat there waiting for him to respond, but he continued just staring at me.

"Are you going to say something?"

Ford put his face down in the blankets.

"So what happens now? This thing between us has to end because you're going to run off and marry her, like the good southern boy you are? Come on Ford, I know you don't want to be with her."

He turned and looked at me and I could tell from the look on his face that he wasn't happy. He reached over and gently caressed my arm. "I should have waited until I saw the proof, but I can't keep this from you. Ash's dad came to tell me that she was pregnant. He showed me this tax bill that hasn't been paid in years. Apparently, he thought he was doing me a favor over the years by not tellin' me because I was involved with his daughter. Now that we ain't together, he's blackmailin' me."

I was so confused. "What are you saying? You're talking about two things at once."

"He says if I don't stand by Ash then my family can kiss our property goodbye."

My heart was racing and it wasn't because I was excited. "What does he mean when he says stand by her?" The question stung my throat as I held back the tears that I knew were coming.

Ford hesitated and tried to grab my arm, but this time, I pulled away. "Sky, this isn't what I want. You have to know that I want to be with you. If there was another way around it, I'd do it in a heartbeat."

I put my hand over his lips to make him stop. "Just tell me what is happening. Please, Ford." I could feel the first tears falling down my cheeks.

He reached up and wiped them away. I closed my eyes, unable to look at him. His sad face did nothing for my breaking heart. "We can't be together anymore."

I sat up and covered my face. There was no way for me to hide my feelings. We'd spent so much time getting to know each other that trying to act normal wasn't going to work. Ford knew me better than I knew myself sometimes. I felt him coming up behind me and putting his hands on my shoulders. "Please don't touch me. It only makes it worse."

He didn't let go. "Darlin', this ain't what I want. God, the thought of hurtin' you is killin' me inside. That's why I couldn't keep it from you any longer. I want you to know that the reason we can't be together has nothin' to do with you. If I had a choice, it would be you."

His words meant nothing, because all I heard was him saying that we were over. I wanted to be angry and lash out at him, but I knew he was hurting just as much as I was. For the first time, I was certain that he was truly being forced to break up with me. I hated Ashley and her pathetic excuse for a father. "Are you sure she's pregnant?" I still refused to look at him. My face was soaked and I knew that if I looked into his eyes seeing the same pain I was feeling, it would cause me to physically lose it. "What if she's just lying? She said she would do anything to get you back."

"Her dad said it. I swear to you that I don't even remember that night and I wasn't with her any other times. It seems impossible, but we both know I have the worst possible luck."

Ford leaned over and kissed me on the back of my head. "It's not fair! You promised you wouldn't hurt me, Ford. You said we were going to be happy."

He talked with his face against my head. "I know what I said and I meant it. You have to know that I don't want her. She's ruinin' my life. Ever since that dickhead walked out of my apartment, I've been tryin' to figure out a way for this to all go away. What am I supposed to do, Sky? If I don't take his damn deal, he's goin' to force us off our property. My dad is happier than he's been in forever. That business is all he has."

"It's his fault for not paying his taxes. Why do you have to suffer?" I started to sob, while Ford tried to comfort me.

He wrapped his arms completely around me. "What am I supposed to do? I have a f**kin' kid on the way. Even if I walked away from my family, I can't walk away from my own child. I ain't sayin' I want to be with Ash, but I want to be a part of its life. She ain't goin' to let that happen if I've got no place to live and no job. She'll take me to court and make sure I never see my child. Jesus Christ, do you not understand how hard this is? I don't want to hurt you or be without you. I don't know what else to do here."

I wasn't oblivious to his situation. It sucked and I knew he was stuck between a rock and hard place, but he still had a choice. Why couldn't he just challenge the man. "How much money do you need? I'll give it to you. My dad can help us."

Ford got up off the bed and walked over to my dresser. His back was facing me and I couldn't have cared less that he was naked. Nothing could distract me from the fact that we were breaking up. "It's over ten grand, Sky. I can't and won't ask you for that kind of money."

"If it meant we could be together, you wouldn't take it?" I was so desperate to hold on to him. I didn't care if we had to start robbing banks. I'd do anything to be with him.

Ford walked over and kneeled down in front of me. He put his hands on my thighs and finally looked me in the eyes. It wasn't just pain that I saw staring back at me. I could see tears forming in his eyes. "No. I won't take your money. There will still be a baby. I know you don't understand, but I promised myself that if I ever had children, I'd be a better parent than mine were. Ash doesn't even matter. I need to be responsible. I have to do the right thing."

I took Ford's hands and pushed them off of my legs. "Get your things and go home, Ford. I have nothing left to say to you."

The truth was that I had a lot I wanted to say to him, but being in the same room with him was killing me. I'd let myself fall in love with a man who was telling me that we couldn't be together. Seeing his pain escalated my frustration.

Ford was walking away from me and I couldn't stop him.

We were over.

Ford

Maybe I should have waited to tell her. Holding her one more time wouldn't have made it easier, but at least I'd had that as a goodbye instead of the one I gave her. I left Sky that night, crying in her room, with no hope of us ever even talking to each other again.

The thought of being without her was too much for me to take. After getting back to my place, I headed straight to my father's to give him a piece of my mind. After unlocking the door, I burst into the house, looking to take out my frustrations out on the person responsible for getting me into this situation.

As I walked into the living room I saw something that made me stop dead in my tracks. My mother and father were asleep in each other's arms, on the couch. I watched them sleeping for a few seconds and then the guilt set in.

What if this really was a second chance for them? What if faith and my father's love was what my mother needed in order to heal and recover? How was I supposed to be selfish and not give them that chance?

I found a few bottles of liquor and took them up to my apartment. I didn't care if I drank myself to death. What did I have to look forward to? I'd finally found someone that I was considering spending my future with and I couldn't have her. For all I knew she'd never even talk to me again. I missed her already and it had only been hours. How was I supposed to get by when those hours turned to days and then weeks? Was I ever going to be able to forget about her?

My heart was numb and I wanted my mind to be the same. I downed one of the bottles of alcohol, never even noticing what it was that I'd drank. It burned going down, which meant it was going to work fast.

Even a grown man can break down once in a while and I could feel it coming. The more I drank, the more I thought about Sky. Still, I kept going. I wanted to pass out, because it was the only way to not think about what I was losing.

I don't know how long I sat there. It could have been a few minutes, or even a couple of hours. It was such a disaster that none of that mattered anymore. A knock on my door woke me right out of my sulking.

Thinking that it was Sky, I ran toward the door. All I wanted to do was pull her into my arms and tell her that I was never going to let her go again. Except, it wasn't Sky. Shayne stood there, leaning against the frame of the door. "I heard you might need some company."

"Yeah, from who?"

"Lacey called me from Sky's house. Why'd you do it, man? Why'd you give up a piece like that?"

I shoved him against the wall. "Don't you f**kin' call her that!"

He put up his hands and tried to get me to calm down. "I thought you dumped her. Chill the f**k out, dude!"

I shoved him away from me and walked back into the kitchen where I'd been sitting. "I didn't have a damn choice. Ashley's f**kin' pregnant and her piece of shit father is forcin' my hand at bein' with her."

"What do you mean, forcin'?"

I shook my head and took another hit of the bottle. Then I grabbed my smokes and lit one up. I'd been trying to quit, but I guess I didn't have a reason anymore. "We owe back taxes. It's enough for the damn state to seize our land. He made me a deal that I couldn't refuse. I get a baby and my dad gets to keep his property."

"He can't do that!"

"He already did. Look, I don't have a f**kin' choice. You think I wanted to walk away from Sky? I'm crazy about her. I'd never walk away from what we have."

Shayne shook his head. "Man, I wish I could tell you what to do, but I guess you have your mind made up. This explains why Sky called Lacey freakin' out. We could barely understand what she was sayin'."

I took another drag and appreciated the way the smoke was helping me relax. Since I'd cut back so much, the nicotine gave me a temporary sort of high. I closed my eyes and tried to clear my head. She consumed my thoughts. "I didn't want to leave. Trust me when I say that. I don't want anythin' from Ash. That bitch has ruined my life, for the second damn time. I hate her!"

"Maybe the baby belongs to someone else?"

I appreciated my cousin having my back. "Yeah, like that would ever happen. She's been obsessed with me since I got back. Hell, she practically raped me the night she apparently conceived. In my right mind, I never would have touched that bitch. I should have known not to even hang out with her."

"Man, I am real sorry. I wish there was somethin' I could do."

"I just need to be alone. As much as I appreciate you stopping by, I need to figure things out myself."

We said our goodbyes and I was left alone in my apartment. Sitting there was getting me nowhere. I knew I should have given her time, but I wanted to hear her voice, so I walked outside, to get service, and called Sky. It rang until the voicemail picked up. Maybe I should have left a message telling her how sorry I was. Maybe I should have told her how much she'd always meant to me.

I hung up and walked back inside, where I drank until I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer. The damage had been done. Having a baby with another woman was a deal breaker. In Sky's eyes, it was wrong for me to have slept with Ash in the first place. The fact that I'd made a baby with someone else, hours after sleeping with her, must have been devastating. Her hating me didn't touch the surface when it came to how much I hated myself.

Chapter 25

Skylar

I've heard people say that what's broken can always be fixed, but that didn't seem to be true in my eyes. My heart was not only broken, it was shattered into a million pieces. Ford didn't just rip out my heart; he left a space that could never be filled by anyone else. My love for him remained and I think that is what hurt the worst.

How could I not love a man that was willing to sacrifice his own happiness for the ones he loved? Loving him was the easy part. Getting over him was what was impossible.

It took me a few days to come out of my room. My dad did everything in his power to cheer me up, including buying me a long overdue new vehicle. Not that I cared. The only thing I wanted was the one thing I would never have.

My mother cancelled a business trip and tried to console me. Her efforts were useless. I felt like a zombie, living only to breathe in air, but having no real reason to exist.

School started three weeks after our break-up. I put on my best face and attended, except my head wasn't in it. Being out in public left me more depressed. Especially being on a coed campus where couples lurked in every corner. Each time I'd see two people kissing, it made me upset. I carried a box of tissues in my book bag and even stopped wearing makeup, because it never lasted after my first morning cry.

As far as my courses went, well I had pretty much stopped caring what I did for a living. A future without a heart wasn't worth having.

I realize that I must have looked pathetic, but that's exactly how I felt.

I felt pathetic, alone, and empty inside.

Ford invaded my soul and I thought about him every second. At times, I felt like he was a teenage crush that you never get over.

My friends, especially Lacey, thought I was crazy for loving him, with no hope of us ever being together again. She'd mentioned setting me up with other people. Thankfully, Shayne had stood up for me and told me that I wasn't crazy. He kept pulling me to the side, when we were together, and whispering to me how much Ford missed me.

Looking back, he probably shouldn't have given me false hope. In only three weeks he'd managed to move Ashley in. According to Lacey, they were looking for a bigger place to raise their child.

Ford had called me constantly the first couple of weeks. I refused to take his calls. Once they stopped, I regretted not wanting to hear his voice. It got so bad that one night I was out to dinner with my parents and our waiter had a southern accent. I had to leave the table. Later, my mother found me locked in a bathroom stall, in tears.

Nobody understood what it was like. I couldn't get him out of my head, even when I knew he had moved on. The only thing that kept me going was my knowing that he wasn't doing it because he wanted to. They didn't know what it was like every time I showered and felt my piercing. They couldn't imagine my angst when I glanced at my hip or saw it in the mirror when I was undressed. They couldn't have known that I had reminders permanently drawn on my body. No matter if I moved on, I'd still have that. I'd still think of him every single time I saw it.

As much as being without him was killing me, I had to consider what life was like for him. Sure, he was doing what he thought was right, against everyone else's opinions. He was the kind of guy that a person could count on and I think Ashley's father knew that. He knew he could manipulate the situation and get Ford to do whatever he wanted. Hell with that much hanging over his head, I could only imagine the things he would have Ford doing. It made me sick.

Thinking that the only time I'd ever see Ford again would be if Lacey and Shayne married, I had started to get into a routine. Sure, I was far from being normal. I barely ate and socialized as little as possible. I even declined hanging out at my own house when Lacey suggested it.

To pass the time, I started working at a clothing store. It was a boring job and I folded more clothes my first week than I had my whole life. It still kept me occupied, which was exactly what I needed.

My dad's new division was keeping him away from home and my mother was barely there. Going home to that empty house was miserable.

I'll never forget the night I pulled up and saw that old red truck sitting in my driveway. I was so flabbergasted that I left the car running and climbed out. I approached the passenger side door and saw him looking down at the steering wheel. He turned and looked at me, but didn't smile.

Ford looked terrible. He had circles under his eyes and looked so sad. I opened the door and climbed into the seat beside him, closing the distance between us. I said nothing as my arms reached around him. I closed my eyes and took in the familiar scent of him.

That's when I felt his body shaking and heard the sniffles coming from his nose. I looked up and saw his eyes full of tears. This was a man that never cried, but here he was, a total mess. I reached up and wiped a tear away, but never took my eyes off of him.

"I love you, Sky. I love you so much that I feel like I'm suffocatin' without you in my life. I'm sorry for drivin' here, but you won't take my calls and I just..."

I didn't let him finish. My lips were on his and I held back nothing as our emotions led us to our passion filled reunion. Ford held me so close, as if he was expecting me to get out and run away from him. Didn't he know that this moment had been one of the happiest moments of my life?

When we stopped to catch our breaths, Ford looked over at my car that was still running. "You should probably turn that off. Gas is too expensive to waste."

I kept holding him. "I don't want to let go."

"Invite me in."

"Where's Ashley? How are you here right now?"

He looked down and smiled. "You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

I raised my eyebrow. "Try me."

"My mother took her out of town to shop for baby stuff, so that I could spend the day with you. It was her and my dad's idea. They've been tryin' to help me. I guess they feel bad about all that's happened."

"How long do we have?"

He touched my face with his course hands. "She'll be home in the mornin'. All we have is tonight. That's if you let me stay with you, of course."

I put my head against his and closed my eyes. "I miss you so much. I'm so sorry for ignoring your calls. It just hurt too much, Ford. I hate knowing you're with her. I hate that she gets to have you."

"She doesn't have me at all, darlin'. Sure, we are livin' under the same roof, but that's the extent of it. I don't speak to her and she knows I don't love her. We don't touch, Sky. How could I think about doin' that when you're all I want?"

His words were what I needed to hear. It didn't matter to me that he had to go home. It didn't matter if it was just for one night. I was willing to take whatever I could get. I needed to feel his love for me, even if it was just this one time.

Ford

I'd been miserable without her. Work seemed pointless and pretending to be nice to someone I couldn't stand was damn near impossible. It had gotten so unbearable that talking to my mother wasn't so bad. She hadn't forced her way into my life, just offered this one thing to try to make me happy. I'd waited a week after leaving Sky to tell them why we'd actually broken up. My father said nothing, while my mother seemed genuinely offended that I'd been thrown into such a scandal, because my father couldn't pay the bills. Then she blamed herself.

Since the breakup, I'd been sharing my apartment with the devil. Night after night I had to hear about our baby that was growing inside of her. She claimed that it was going to bring us back together and we would be happy. She was a fool. I could never be happy with her, knowing that Sky was out there somewhere. I'd given her my heart and she didn't even know it. I knew what the right thing to do was, and I also knew where my heart would always be.

My mother offered me a plan; a way to spend time with Sky without Ashley or her father finding out. She'd finally got her license back and offered to take Ashley on a day trip to Baltimore. She told Ashley it was for them to bond and her to get to know the mother of her grandchild. Ashley bought it.

When my mother told me what she'd plan, I didn't even consider the consequences. An opportunity to be with Sky was all I had wanted for weeks. I waited until the girls left, showered and grabbed a change of clothes. The hour drive was nothing when I considered what it would mean to have her in my arms again. I never once considered that she'd reject me and I'm so glad she didn't.

After finally getting out of the truck and turning off her car, Sky pulled me inside of her house. We didn't even leave the foyer before things began to intensify. Being without each other had only made us want each other more, if that was even possible. Her button down shirt came off with one rip. As our mouths collided, I heard the little buttons hitting the floor. Neither of us cared. We were in the heat of the moment and nothing was going to distract us.

Sky's kisses were ravenous. I could tell she'd missed me as much as I missed her. It wasn't just the idea of being with her again. My excitement to touch her and spend time with her meant more than anything to me.

With her shirt and bra off, I tugged down her black jogging pants and saw those little hearts on her hip. It took me back to when I thought we were going to be together for a long time. I pulled her pants off of her legs and lifted her into my arms, carrying her up the steps. Once we reached her bed, I laid her down and pulled my shirt over my head. "I dream about you every night, darlin'." I loosened my belt and unfastened my pants, letting them fall to the floor. Nothing was between us except for our underwear.

I lifted Sky's leg up in the air and kissed the back of her knee, while running my hands up the underneath of her thighs. When I reached the elastic of her panties, I let my fingers slide inside of them. Her ass was just as smooth as I remember it. When I'd reached the top of her panties, I pulled them down slowly, taking my time admiring her little pink pu**y.

She trembled beneath my touch. I got turned on knowing that I was still able to turn her on in a way that no other man had. Sure, it had only been several weeks, but that didn't mean she couldn't have attempted to be with someone else to try and forget about me.

I ran my hand over her smooth pu**y and she let out a little cry. When I looked at her face, I could see that she had tears falling down her cheeks. "What's wrong?"

I stopped what I was doing and leaned in to kiss her.

She cried harder.

"I'm sorry. I promise I'm not sad. I didn't think we'd ever be together like this again. I'm just so happy." She sobbed and wrapped her arms around me.

"Please don't cry, darlin' I didn't come here to make you sad. I came here because spendin' another minute without seein' you was killin' me. I've got to rectify this situation so we can be together again."

She shook her head. "You can't. You have a baby on the way. I won't let you risk losing your child over me."

I kissed her lips and then her tears, making sure I didn't miss one before pulling away. "I meant what I said, Sky. I'm in love with you. It ain't goin' to change because of a kid. I'm still goin' to be a dad whether I'm with her or not."

Sky took one of my hands and intertwined it in hers. She sniffled and looked up at me. "You're right, but that won't stop her from keeping the baby from you. I love you too much to risk that happening because of us being together."

I couldn't help but smile. "I'm sorry. I don't mean to be happy when you're so sad. It's just...Well I never heard you say that before. I think I needed to hear it, especially considering how hard it's been without you."

"It's the truth. I started falling in love with you the first time we met. It's only grown stronger since that."

We kissed, slowly, letting our tongues brush as we connected emotionally and physically again. I could feel it in the way she moved that things were intense for her. As much as she wanted to be with me, she was torn to do what was best for my unborn child.

For a second I even considered what would happen if Ashley lost the baby. Could I go on and live the life that I wanted with Sky? She certainly didn't deserve to have a baby. Then it hit me. "I'll make her hate me."

Sky opened her eyes wide. "What are you talking about?"

"Ash. I will make her wish she never knew me. I may have agreed to be with her, but I don't have to be nice. Hopefully, she'll hate me so much that I can talk her into terminating the pregnancy. It's not like she wants the kid. It's just a pawn for her to get what she wants. She always told me she didn't want kids, but would only have them for me."

"I don't think she could hate you, Ford. Haven't you noticed what she's done to be with you? She knows that you can't stand her, but she still wants you anyway. How much more convoluted can you be?"

"That bitch has no idea what's about to happen."

Sky smiled. "Although I don't agree with terminating a child, I can see where your plan would give us hope. I'd do anything to be with you, Ford. I will also wait, if that's what you want me to do."

I ran my lips over her neck and made my way to her ear. After nibbling on it, I kissed her lobe. "You don't have to wait if I can still sneak to see you."

She pulled away. "How?"

"I'll get Shayne to help me. He seems like he's just as pissed about us breaking up as we are. I guess he has to hear all about it from Lacey."

Sky sat up, knocking me back down to kneel on the floor in front of her. She put her arms around my neck and leaned her head into mine. "I don't know if I want to be the other woman in your life, Ford."

"You won't be, because you're the only woman in my life and my heart. Now, where were we before all that happened?"

Sky wrapped her legs around me and leaned back, pulling me back up on top of her. She giggled and leaned in to kiss me. Before our lips made contact, I pulled back. "Say it again. I need to hear it before I make love to you."

She licked her lips and smiled. "I love you."

Chapter 26

Skylar

I could have said it a hundred times and it still wouldn't have even touched the surface on what I felt for this man. When he said those words to me, I thought I was going to pass out. Every day that had gone by without him was torture. Now that he was here, lying next to me in my bed, I didn't want to ever let him go. I think it was harder for us because we both knew that he didn't want to be with Ashley. Her sick plan to get him back wasn't going to make him love her. If anything, he was going to hate her even more.

With Ford constantly kissing me, I had to stop thinking about the future and live in the now. He was only going to be with me until the morning and that was never going to be enough time for us to be satisfied. With our clothes off and nothing else standing in our way, Ford pinned me down and positioned himself to slide inside of me. I swear my pu**y was throbbing for him. If it had a voice it would have been begging. He must have sensed my anticipation, because he took a hold of his erection and started slapping it against my eager clit. One thing that I noticed was how he was watching it hit my piercing. "I've thought about this pu**y every time I got in the shower. You're so f**kin' sexy. Does it feel good?"

I licked my lips. "Yes. I want you so bad. Please don't tease me. It's been too long. I have to feel you inside of me."

He rubbed it roughly over my clit again. My body reacted and bucked. He must have liked seeing me do it, because he repeated the same process again, paying close attention to what he was doing. I watched him bite down on his lip before he bent down and kissed me there. It was so quick that I didn't even have time to react.

I heard him moaning as his sucked my piercing into his mouth and tugged on it with his teeth. I cried out, feeling the pain and pleasure at the same time. When he released it, he rubbed his scruffy chin stubble over it. The combination of scratching and pressure felt even better. I grabbed his hair and tugged as he teased me over and over again.

"Your pu**y tastes so good to me."

"Oh, please don't stop!" I was desperate for more. The hardest part was trying to talk when I couldn't stop panting.

Ford put more pressure into his licks and it sent me into momentary bliss. When he came up for air, he was all smiles, but wasted no time sliding his hard c**k inside of my tender opening. I was still trying to come down off of my sexual high when a new one started back up.

Although he moved very slowly, I found myself wanting to speed up the pace just for the pleasure that I got out of it. Ford kept smiling in between our kisses. I shared in his enthusiasm of us being together again. This time wasn't like our last reunion. This time we weren't strangers and our passion for each other was heightened because of it.

Ford reached for my shoulders and pushed himself inside of me harder. With each thrust, I cried out. The pain was addicting and oddly enough gave me pleasure. "More!" I didn't want it to ever stop.

The sweat was rolling down his face and glistening on his chest. I could tell he was getting tired and needed a break, so I wrapped my arms around his neck and my legs around his hips and flipped him over. While still connected, it was so easy to start rocking my body back and forth over him. He reached around and grabbed hold of my ass cheeks, using his hand to guide me to a good rhythm. I laid my head back and closed my eyes, taking in the way it felt to make love with him. My hands ran over my ni**les and I pinched them at the same time. Ford growled, "Don't stop, darlin'. Touch yourself."

I kept going, pleasing him while I pleased myself. I moved at a faster pace, feeling my clit rubbing against his shaft as it penetrated me. When my eyes were closed, I imagined him eating my pu**y and what it felt like when I lost control. The tingle had started again and I could feel myself going faster. The harder I rode him, the more I could feel it. I cried out again, pinching my own ni**les to the brink of pain. Ford pulled my ass forward and pushed it back, making sure his c**k rubbed against my clit again. For the second time, I screamed his name and didn't want to stop.

I felt him tightening up and knowing he was having his turn was like experiencing my own release. He was having a moment of euphoria and it was because we were together, sharing something that two people in love with each other share.

After a few moments of gathering our strength, Ford held me in his arms, continuing to kiss me on the head. I could tell that he was content and I felt the same way. I rolled over to look at him. While tracing my fingers across his jawline, I drug my lips over the skin on his chest. "When can I see you again?"

"I ain't leavin' yet, darlin'."

I giggled. "I didn't mean it like that. I'm just wondering how long you're going to make me wait before I can see you again. Knowing you love me is wonderful, but it's still hard to be without you."

"I know. Just give me a couple days to figure out an excuse. I'll call you from the shop phone when she ain't around."

"I feel like a home wrecker." It was true. This wasn't the kind of person that I wanted to be.

"I ain't married, and if I were, it wouldn't be to her. Now, can we please stop talkin' and get back to what we were doin', because I don't plan on wastin' another second of this time we have together." He made me feel whole again and I knew the only way for me to be happy was to sneak around to see him. I didn't care what anyone would think of me. Ford was mine and I wanted nothing more than to share my life with him. It didn't matter that we were both still young, or that we still had decisions to make about our future. I knew I wanted him in mine, no matter what I was doing or where I lived. I was nothing without him.

Ford

It felt like Heaven being with Sky again. When it came to sneaking around to be able to see her, the risk was worth it. I couldn't keep lying to myself. There was no way in Hell I was ever going to be able to be with Ash and come to appreciate her enough to be happy. I didn't care if she was the best mother on the planet. My "give a damn" was busted when it came to that girl.

Telling Sky those three words was so easy. Hearing them back was music to my ears. She loved me, not that I didn't already know it. Our mutual connection was easy to feel. No matter how long it took for me to get out of this hole, I was going to do everything in my power to make it happen.

After making love for nearly three hours, she lay sound asleep in my arms. She'd fallen asleep with me still inside of her. I didn't bother moving, considering that I wanted to be as close to her as possible. I'd made promises to sneak to see her, but I wasn't sure how easy that was going to be to pull off. I should have gotten some sleep, but couldn't imagine the thought of wasting a single second with her. My fingers kept tracing around on her skin while I continued to kiss the top of her head every few minutes.

Being there with her made me never want to head home. It was like choosing to be with an angel instead of the devil. As if I didn't resent Ash for not being there for my sister, I hated her even more for ruining my life.

Sky stirred in my arms and finally opened up her eyes. "Why did you let me sleep?'

"You looked like you needed it."

She laid her head back down on my chest. "I didn't want to sleep while you were here. What time is it?"

"About three."

She sat up and stretched. I may or may not have gotten turned on by seeing her perfect tits so close to my face. By the time her arms were down at her sides, I was already running my hands over both of her hard ni**les.

She was still sitting up and looked down when she felt something moving inside of her. "We fell asleep like this?"

"You did. I've been awake the whole time."

She leaned down and kissed me. "I guess you're ready for more?"

Sky rocked back and forth and I knew as well as she did that I was rock hard. She moaned and reached back, tickling my balls with her fingernails, so I reached one hand down and flicked on her clit ring. She rocked harder against me, which made me want to keep pleasuring her. Each time my fingertip made contact with the metal hoop her body bucked. Sky took one finger and ran it up and down my taint as she arched her body back to be able to reach it. Her tits bounced around and I couldn't help but watch them. My free hand was on her hips as she grinded her wet pu**y against me. When I knew she couldn't stand it any longer, I applied pressure with my thumb and let her natural wetness glide it over her clit. She tightened her face, closed her eyes and bit down on her lip as moans escaped her.

Even though she looked spent, I rubbed on her pu**y some more. She whined, but kept moving her hips. "Cum again, darlin'. Keep your eyes on me this time."

She fought to hold her eyes open, but so did I. The more turned on she got, the closer I came to the brink of exploding. Our breathing was heavy and the bed squeaked as Sky got into it harder than the first time. She f**ked me so hard that I couldn't keep up. I dug one hand into her hip and tried to slow her as I came, but she kept on rocking. My body jerked as she rubbed her slick skin over mine.

Sky giggled and leaned down to kiss me just as my cell phone started ringing. I still couldn't get used to being in a bed and hearing my phone, since I had no service at my place. She sat up again and handed it to me after looking at it. "Perfect timing."

I rolled my eyes and shook my head. "I ain't answerin' it."

I went to put it back and she pushed it toward me. "Ford, you can't ignore her. She will get suspicious. I'll be quiet."

I answered it.

"Yeah?"

"Hey, babe. What are you doin?"

"Sleepin'"

"How did you hear your phone if you were sleepin'?"

"Alright, I wasn't sleepin'. I was on the porch smokin'."

"It's three in the mornin'. Why are you awake?"

"I have a lot on my mind, that's all. Why are you awake?"

"I just miss you."

"I'm goin' back to bed."

"Wait!"

I hung up on her.

I tossed my phone on the floor and reached my arms around Sky again. "Where were we?"

"Do you think she knows?"

"I don't f**kin' care what she thinks. She's ruinin' my life."

Sky looked at me and I could tell she seemed concerned. "Ford, you know if she finds out you're here, your family could lose the land. I thought that's why you're doing all this."

I ran my hand over her lips. Sky closed her eyes. "Maybe I don't feel like doin' anyone favors anymore. Look at what it's done to you, to us."

"I can wait for you to be free Ford."

"You shouldn't have to. In fact, I'm goin' to my dad as soon as I get home. This isn't my problem anymore. I'm tired of living my life for everyone else. First I gave up school, but I refuse to give up on us, Sky. I'm not waiting to be able to be with you. I'm not sneakin' around to see the woman that I love and I sure as Hell ain't sleepin' in the same house as that f**kin' devil bitch."

Maybe it was me overreacting. I wasn't thinking clearly, that was for sure. It didn't even matter. Sky could say she was going to wait, but I couldn't ask her to do that. I couldn't sit around playing house with Ash and knowing that Sky was sitting at home thinking about me. It would destroy me and her at the same time. My parents were going to have to figure something out, because I was scared to death of losing this beautiful woman that was lying on top of me.

Chapter 27

Skylar

I knew that Ford meant what he said, but I worried that the easy way out wasn't going to be so easy. When it came time for Ford to head back, I was more worried than ever. It wasn't like I thought Ashley's dad was going to inflict bodily harm on him, but I did think he was going to do whatever it took to make his and his family's lives miserable.

The last thing I wanted on my shoulders was his father losing both his land and his business. Where would they go? What would they do for money? Even Ford would have no place to live. I knew that I would be the direct cause and I didn't know if I could live with that guilt.

Once we'd dressed, Ford held me in his arms. We both hated saying goodbye. "You should come with me. I mean, what can she do?"

"Ruin your life and take your child somewhere that you'll never see it." I hated admitting that Ford was having a child with that ho-bag, but it was exactly what was happening. If I wanted him, I'd have to be able to live with that for as long as we were together.

"She won't leave her daddy. It ain't like she's got a good job. All she's ever done has been a money hungry whore."

I raised my eyebrow. "I hate talking about her when you're about to leave."

"I asked you to come with me."

"I'm not getting in the middle of that mess, Ford. When the dust has settled, you know where to find me. I told you that I'd be here waiting for you." He had to know that I would have done anything to spend time with him. I just didn't want to give Ash any more reasons to want to destroy his life. "I hope you are sure about this decision. Leaving her for me is going to have serious repercussions. You do know that, right?"

"I ain't scared."

"Well I am. I'm petrified. She may not do anything at first, but what happens when she sees us together? She's going to go all crazy!" I wasn't afraid of her jumping me in an alley, however, I was terrified that she would find a way to rip us apart.

He hugged me tightly and leaned against his truck. "Please don't fight with me on this. I know what I'm doin'."

I hugged him back, not knowing if I could trust his optimism. Too much was at stake and I didn't know if I wanted to risk it all, when we could just wait and play our cards right. "I'm scared. I don't want to lose you. It gets harder every time I watch you walk out of my life. After last night, I don't know if I can handle it again."

Ford kissed my forehead and then pushed my face back so he could look into my eyes. "I'm not walkin' away from us. I thought we made that clear last night."

I shrugged. "It feels like it, though."

He brushed my hair back. "I won't let anythin' come between us, Sky. I promise."

"Okay." I was still unsure, but he wasn't going to leave unless I agreed that things were going to be alright. "Promise you'll call me when you get home safely?"

"Of course." He smiled and looked into my eyes again. I appreciated the sincerity on his face, considering how messed up everything was. "I better get on the road."

His eyes looked tired and I worried about him driving on no sleep. "Are you going to dose off and end up in a ditch?"

"After the night I just had, I'm wide awake. Besides, I have too much to look forward to than to have somethin' like that happen."

Ford and I kissed for a few more minutes before he had to leave. Once he pulled away, I began to cry. Maybe it was from the lack of sleep, but I had a bad feeling that something terrible was going to happen. I didn't want to call him, knowing that she'd be able to see my number. If his plan to come clean backfired, or he changed his mind and didn't want to hurt his family, I couldn't take the chance of making things hard for him. I loved him too much to do something like that.

Ford had promised to call me when he could, so I'd just have to wait for that. It wasn't going to be easy, since "Worry" had become my new middle name.

Ford

Pulling out of that subdivision was as bad as yanking out my own teeth. I didn't want to leave her standing there. It wasn't even possible for me to look in my mirror to see if she was waving. I couldn't imagine driving away from the one good thing in my life.

My phone started ringing about twenty minutes into my drive. Shayne was the person on the other end.

"How did it go last night? Did you get your fill of Sky?"

"I could never be satisfied with just one night with her. Is that the real reason you're callin' me?"

"I was just lookin' out for you. So what happens next? You just goin' to go home and pretend that you didn't just cheat on your pregnant girlfriend?

"Fuck you, Shayne. She ain't my girlfriend. My girl is the person that I just spent the night with. This arrangement with Ash is about to end. I can't do this shit anymore. It's hurtin' Sky and I can't keep doin' that to her. She's innocent in all of this."

"What about the baby? You have responsibilities."

"I never wanted to sleep with her! You people just don't get that I wasn't in my right head. Ash is the last person that I want to have a baby with. If she wasn't so hell bent on gettin' me back she'd realize that we ain't good for each other. That, combined with the fact that she doesn't even have a job, makes me wonder why she doesn't just get an abortion. She thinks that a baby is going to change me. It ain't even about the child. In my opinion, she could care less about that child."

"Man, I can't believe you want her to abort your child. That's messed up."

"I don't want her and I don't want kids with her. Will I love my child? Of course I will, but I can't stand imagining bein' linked to that bitch for the rest of my life. She's horrible!"

"I get what you're sayin'. So, I'm assumin' you had a good time with Sky."

"It went better than expected. I thought she'd fight me at first. Instead, she came runnin' over to the truck and the rest is private."

"Oh sure, lead me on and then don't give me any details. I see how you are."

"Sky ain't like the girls you sleep with, Shayne. She's special. I know you claim to be a one woman kind of guy, but we both know that ain't true."

"What she don't know won't hurt her. Besides, she is free to see other people."

"Does Lacey know that?"

"I don't know. We don't talk about it. It ain't like I pulled her to the side and asked her to be exclusive. She has never asked."

"You are a dick. One day you'll learn when you get your heart ripped out of your chest."

"Dude, please. I have to have a heart to give it out."

"Whatever, man. Are we done? I didn't sleep last night and I have to drive an hour."

"Later, cuz!"

My cousin didn't have a clue when it came to relationships. He was currently in his longest one and wasn't as serious as the poor girl thought he was. Before Lacey, he'd screwed anything that walked, especially when he was lifeguarding at the beach. I was surprised that his dick hadn't fallen off yet. What was more surprising was the fact that Lacey trusted him. She claimed she knew him for a while before they started dating. Anyone that knew Shayne, knew that he was a player. It wasn't my business, and since I had enough problems of my own, I didn't even care.

I'd been driving for a while, but the traffic was heavy. It wasn't like I could just hop on the interstate and make it home in no time. The way from Sky's house to mine was mostly heavy populated highway roads. When you add the red lights, it made the ride even worse.

Since it was beginning to be rush hour, I caught every single light. With nothing but news on the radio, it was hard to stay focused on the road. Finally, after smacking myself in the face a few dozen times, I made it to the main road that led me home. I was almost there and couldn't wait to go to sleep for a couple of hours. Exhaustion had hit and I could feel my eyes closing. With no service to call anyone, I knew I had to tough it out. If I could just close my eyes for a second to blink it might help.

When I opened my eyes the truck was rolling in a field. I had my seatbelt on, so my body clung to the seat as the jarring sent me slamming around. When I finally came to a stop I was wide awake, but pinned. I could feel blood dripping down the side of my head, but my arm hurt too bad to lift it to feel around. I tried to look for my phone, but everything began to spin. First I heard ringing in my ears and then my eyesight wouldn't focus. I knew I was blacking out and there was nothing I could do to stop it.

My last thoughts were of Sky.

Chapter 28

Skylar

I missed Ford from the moment he pulled away. As much as I wanted to be optimistic, I knew that life didn't just work out that way. I think that's when I began to worry. It didn't help that I was home alone, since my parents were still away. After eating and having a cup of coffee, I was too wired to try and go back to sleep. Something didn't feel right, but I chalked it up to being exhausted.

More than anything, I wanted to call and talk to Ford. I hated that I had to be a secret. Even though I knew it was the wrong decision, I felt bad for not going with him.

Ashley and her father were not just going to let him walk away. They were going to be so pissed. I was worried it would get even worse for Ford and his family. I hated being the reason for that outcome.

When I couldn't stand it any longer, I called Lacey. Of all of my friends, she was always the one who was there for me. Since she was seeing Shayne, and totally in love with him, she would be one of the first to hear if all Hell had broken loose.

"What's up, ho?"

"I'm not a ho!"

"Home wrecker?"

"Seriously, Lace. Don't joke about that. I feel bad enough already."

"No you don't! You're probably on cloud nine."

"It would be better if we didn't have to sneak around to see each other. I hate this. Saying goodbye to him sucked."

"I bet. So when did he leave?"

"Over an hour ago. Lace, I hate this so much. It was so hard watching him leave."

"I can't imagine if that happened with Shayne. I'm glad he doesn't have that kind of baggage. I don't know what I would do."

"You're lucky. It's really hard knowing she's always going to be a part of his life now. We've only known each other for a short time, but I know I love him. Who knows how long we will be together, but I at least want the chance."

"I guess you had a good night together?"

"It was perfect. I got emotional a couple of times."

"Who could blame you?"

"Can you have Shayne call and make sure Ford got home? I can't call and he hasn't called me. It's making me crazy."

"Sure. I will call you back later. Love ya, girl. Hang in there."

"Thanks."

I sat there staring at my phone, waiting for it to ring. After forty minutes, I started to get worried, so I tried dialing Lacey again. Her voicemail picked up every time on the first ring; it made no sense. Since I didn't know Shayne's number, I knew the only other option was to call the auto repair shop. I located that number and dialed, but nobody was picking that line up either.

I imagined Ford arriving home and being called out for spending the night with me. I could picture his whole family doing an intervention and telling him he had to stay away from me. Ashley probably had him followed.

Knowing that I couldn't sit around, I grabbed my keys and a couple personal items and jumped in my car. Even though it was against the law, I still continued ringing the phone to the shop. Ford's dad was always there during work hours, so it made no sense that he wouldn't hear the phone ringing off the hook. Since they had a tow service, it was possible that he was out on the road somewhere.

I'd been driving a good thirty minutes when an unknown number came across my screen. Without even second guessing who it could be, I answered.

"Hello?"

"Sky, it's Shayne. Look, I know you've been lookin' for Ford and I'm afraid I've got some bad news."

I could feel my body starting to shake. "What do you mean? What's wrong? Did he decide to stay with Ash? Did her father have him followed?"

"I don't know how to tell you this."

"Just say it. Why can't he call me? What is going on?" I was panicking.

"He's been in an accident. You need to meet me at the hospital."

"I'm on my way."

"He's been flown to Shock Trauma in Baltimore, Sky. I'm on my way now."

I turned my car around without even looking at the oncoming traffic. "Oh God! How bad is it?"

"I don't know! I talked to him when he first left your house. My uncle called me looking for him a little while later. The accident happened about seven miles from his place. Someone saw the truck upside down in a field and called it in. I'm driving from the beach, so it's goin' to take me a while."

I was crying and automatically feared the worst. "I'll be there as soon as I can. If you hear anything else call me, please."

"Will do!"

I couldn't believe this was happening to me. One minute I was hugging him goodbye and the next he was driving away. He hadn't slept because of me. If something bad had happened to him, it would be all my fault. It was hard to drive with my tears streaming down my face, but I didn't stop driving as fast as I could. Nothing was going to stop me from getting to him.

To get to Baltimore, I had to take the Bay Bridge, which was a four mile long bridge over the Chesapeake Bay. When I reached it, the bridge was closed because of an accident. The backup lasted an extra thirty minutes, in which I sat there bawling.

Ford had been flown to shock trauma and that only happens when injuries are life threatening. All day I'd feared that I was going to lose Ford to Ashley and her immature games, but instead, he was lying in his truck, maybe fighting to stay alive. It was all too much to take.

By the time I made it to the hospital, figured out where to park, and then located the entrance, two hours had passed. Frantically I searched for someone that could tell me what was going on. Because I wasn't family, they wouldn't tell me anything. I was there, so close to Ford, but I couldn't find him. Alone and afraid, I sat down near the entrance and waited. Someone would show up to see him, and when they did, I was going to find a way inside. Nothing was going to stop me.

Chapter 29

Skylar

I'd been sitting for quite a while before Shayne came running through the front doors. He didn't see me until I ran toward him. After talking to the front desk associate, and telling her that I was his fiancee and we were family, she told us where we could find the intensive care department.

Once upstairs, we located the waiting area, where we found his parents and Ashley. She stood up and approached us. I could tell she'd been crying as much as I had, but her tears evaporated the moment she noticed me. "What is she doin' here? Did you bring her?"

Shayne threw up his hands. "Whoa. I didn't bring her, but it doesn't matter. She's here because she cares about Ford. Isn't that why we're all here?"

Ashley put her hand on her stomach, and I knew it was to remind me that she was carrying his baby. "Whatever! Keep her away from me." She started to go, but turned around. "And she ain't goin' in that room to see him."

I went to say something, but Shayne grabbed my arm and shook his head. "Don't, Sky. I'll talk to her. Go sit down over there and let me handle it," he whispered.

As much as I felt out of place, I knew Ford would want me there by his side. It didn't matter what these people thought of me. I knew what I felt in my heart.

Shayne grabbed Ashley by the arm and led her out into the hallway. I folded my hands and looked down, trying to avoid eye contact with his parents. When I felt one of them sit down beside me, I was still afraid to look up. A hand reached over and touched mine. "He's goin' to be okay."

I looked over and saw his mother sitting there. She'd been crying from the appearance of her red eyes. "Thank you. Do you know anything yet?"

She shook her head. "They asked us if he'd been out drinkin'. We told them it wasn't possible. Was Ford drinkin' last night?"

"No!" I looked down at my hands again. "But...he didn't sleep. I told him not to drive home until he rested. He didn't want to deal with Ashley finding out where he'd been. I'm so sorry, Mrs. Cooper. I feel like it's my entire fault." I couldn't stop the tears.

The woman, who Ford was fighting his feelings about having a relationship, grabbed my hand. "It was an accident. Ford is strong and he's got a lot to live for. It's good you're here."

"Thank you for giving us time together."

She smiled. "My son's been real messed up in the head, lately. It seems that this predicament that he's gotten himself into has left him with a broken heart. I may not have been there for my kids for a long time, but I still know when his heart is breakin'. Now, I've got a long road to go before I can ask for forgiveness, but I will do all that I can for him. I won't give up."

"I love Ford. I've been miserable without him. Last night, when he was sitting in my driveway, I couldn't remember feeling so happy. If something happens to him. If he doesn't make it, I'll never forgive myself."

I couldn't take talking about it anymore. There was no way I could sit next to that woman and talk about Ford dying, so I ran out of the room and into the bathroom. Once closed inside of a stall, I sat down and cried to myself.

Then I heard the voices of two people.

They were in the men's room next to this room and Ashley's voice was one of them.

"Don't you dare blame this on me!"

"When is this goin' to end? You really think he's goin' to change his mind and want you again? He doesn't love you, Ash."

"I don't care what you think. We're goin' to be a family. If he doesn't make it, I will ruin that little bitch's life."

"I'm tired of hearin' it. That woman you're callin' a bitch is who Ford is in love with. She's a nice girl and it ain't her fault that you're still hung up on him. I just don't get it. You could be with someone who cares about you, but you choose to wait for somethin' that's never goin' to happen. It makes no sense."

"I hate that you think you know me. I regret that night, Shayne. I wish it never happened."

"It seems like you're using that night to your advantage."

"You promised you wouldn't say anything."

"I know you better than anyone. Now promise me, you'll back off until we find out he's goin' to be alright and I promise to keep your secret."

"Whatever!"

I heard the door opening and closing and then it was quiet. As much as I wanted to know about Ford being okay, I couldn't help but wonder what her secret was and why Shayne was keeping it for her.

I waited a couple minutes to head back into the waiting room and when I got there the doctor was inside talking to Ford's parents. They seemed calm, which made me feel like it was good news . I didn't move from where I was standing until the doctor walked away.

Shayne walked up and touched my shoulder. "He's got a broken arm, and a dislocated hip. They flew him here because he had a head injury. The doctor said it wasn't as bad as they first suspected. He said it's sometimes hard to tell because of the amount of blood loss with a head wound. Anyway, he's got a couple of staples in his forehead and a serious concussion, but he's goin' to be alright. They're goin' to get him into a real room and then we can go in and see him."

"Oh, thank God! I was so scared. Are they sure he's going to be okay?"

"That's what they say!"

I hugged Shayne because I was so happy. In the corner of my eye I could see the dirty look that I was getting from Ashley. It wasn't like I cared what she thought. Even though I felt guilty, she needed to be held accountable for what she'd done. Forcing Ford to be with her had caused all of this to happen. He wouldn't have been sneaking to see me and giving up his sleep had it not been for her and her ass**le father.

I pulled away from him and smiled. "Thanks for taking up for me, earlier. I really appreciate it."

He smiled. "I know how you feel about Ford. He'll be glad you're here."

Ashley went storming out of the room and I swear it looked like Shayne seemed happy about it. "You hate her too?"

"We have issues. I'll just leave it at that."

For the next hour we waited patiently for Ford to get in a room so we could visit with him. When his parents went into his new hospital room, I was worried that Ashley would make a scene. She came back into the waiting room, but sat on the other side and didn't talk to me or Shayne. Neither of us complained about her silence.

When Ford's parents came out, Ashley stood up and went walking toward the door. Shayne stood up and got in her way. "You're goin' to wait and go with me."

"No I'm not! He needs me!"

"Bitch, sit your ass down over there and get over yourself. He needs her, not you." Shayne pointed to me and I felt like he really had my back.

She tried to push through him again. "Get out of my way!"

"Don't forget about earlier, Ash. I have no problem lettin' everyone know."

She shoved him and went to sit out in the waiting room without causing any more trouble. As curious as I was, nothing could have distracted me from seeing Ford. With his parent's nod of approval, I entered into the room and saw him hooked up to all of the machines. Tears were falling down my cheeks as I approached him and reached for his hand. As I sniffled, I saw his eyes opening and felt him squeezing my hand. "Hey, darlin'." His voice was raspy and I could tell he was in an extreme amount of pain.

I touched his face. "I'm so glad you're going to be okay. You scared me to death!"

"Sorry!"

I shook my head. "No, I'm sorry. I never should have kept you up all night and then let you leave."

He tried to smile, but ended up in pain. The staples across his forehead scared me. I couldn't imagine the type of pain that he must have endured. "Not your fault. I wanted to."

"I thought I lost you."

"I'm fine." He struggled with his words again.

I laughed while still crying. "This is not okay, Ford."

"Don't leave."

I squeezed his hand. "I'm not going anywhere. I promise."

Ford

It was clear that I was in the hospital. I couldn't recall what had happened to land me here until I saw Sky standing over my bed. I could tell she'd been crying and when I was finally able to speak, her eyes lit up.

My parents had come in first. They woke me and said a couple things, but I couldn't respond. It was seeing Sky that forced me to try harder. I needed her to know that I was okay.

I could feel pressure in my head, but there wasn't any pain. I was sure it was because I had a drip to manage it.

"What happened?"

Sky rubbed my arm and looked like she was sad to talk about it. "I think you fell asleep at the wheel. You rolled the truck into a field." When she started to cry, I squeezed her hand again.

"Wasn't your fault! Don't cry."

"You could have died. I was so afraid I would never see you again."

I felt bad that Sky was so emotional. It was understandable that she was shaken up, but I wasn't going anywhere. That's when I started thinking about the conflict that set all of this into motion. "Where's Ashley?"

"She's out there with Shayne. He wouldn't let her come in before me. She's not happy about it, but I don't care. Nothing was going to stop me from seeing you."

I appreciated that Sky was determined to be by my side, but knew that Ash wasn't going to sit around and not cause problems. She's probably already called her father and whined about it. Knowing her, she'd already suspected that I'd spent the night with Sky and that's why I wasn't home in the first place.

I was worried that with me stuck in the hospital that Ash was going to make Sky's life a living Hell. "Did you say Shayne was here?"

"Yes."

"I need to talk to him. Can you go get him for me?" I needed him to watch out for Sky. It was more important than my recovery. I didn't know what I would do if something bad happened to her. She'd already been through so much.

"He's with Ashley. Do you want to see them both?"

I don't know if she noticed but I rolled my eyes. "Not really."

Sky smiled. "Just let the bitch come in and see that you are alive. Once she's gone, I'll come in and stay with you."

She leaned over and kissed me before heading out of the room. A few minutes later my cousin came walking in, followed by the demon. Ashley smiled and came to my side. "I was so worried. What am I goin' to do with you?"

"Nothin'! Pack your shit and be out of my place before I come home."

She looked shocked and so did Shayne, even though he knew I had no intentions of being with her.

Ashley shook her head and started to whine. "Please, Ford. We're having a baby. You can't just kick me out. You know what will happen if you do."

"Get the f**k out!" My blood pressure was rising and I could tell that the stress from her being there was making me unstable. "Now!"

Ashley left the room crying.

Shayne was smiling from ear to ear. "That went well."

"I don't care."

He rattled on the bed. "What did you want to tell me?"

"Watch out for Sky. Ash is goin' to be a bitch. I don't want her to hurt Sky."

He patted me on the shoulder. "No problem, cuz."

"Make sure she's gone when I get there." I muttered as he walked out of the room.

Within seconds Sky came back in. She had a smirk on her face as she approached the bed. "From the look on her face, I'd say she didn't like what you had to say."

"I told her to get her shit out of my place. I'm done with it, Sky. Let her come at me with whatever she has. I ain't losin' you again."

"I told you I wasn't going anywhere," she reminded me.

"Sky, I need you."

"I'm here."

I laughed and shook my head. "Take your clothes off and climb on top of me."

She smacked my good arm. "Ford! You have staples in your head and can barely move! I'm not doing that here!"

I tried to laugh but it was starting to hurt. "I'm messin' with ya. Just climb on the side and lay with me. Maybe you can sign my cast later."

I could tell she wanted to smile, but was trying to be a good girlfriend and take care of me. Just as I'd given up, she climbed on the bed and wrapped her arms around me. "Get some sleep, Ford. I love you."

I was pretty banged up and had scared everyone to death, but in my eyes it was like I was getting a second chance to make the right decisions. Being with Sky was all I wanted to do. Times were changing and I was ready to start doing things for me instead of everyone else.

Chapter 30

Skylar

I wasn't allowed to stay at the hospital overnight with Ford. As bad of a neighborhood as it was around the hospital, I slept in the parking garage in my car until visiting hours started back up. I didn't want to have to drive around an unfamiliar city looking for a hotel.

The next morning Ford looked better. He'd had a goodnight's sleep and seemed less worried. I didn't spot his parents or Ashley around his room, so it was realistic to assume I was the only visitor so far.

"Hey, you. How are you feeling?" I reached over and ran my hands through his dark hair.

He lifted his good arm and reached over to touch me. "Better now that you're here!"

"I slept in my car."

Ford scrunched up his face. "Don't do that shit here, Sky. It ain't a good neighborhood."

"You said not to leave you." I reminded him.

"I meant, in life. You could have gone home and got some sleep."

We held hands and I leaned my butt on the side of the bed. "I wouldn't have been able to sleep."

"I'm not goin' to get out of here for a few more days, they said. I reckon that will give that bitch time to vacate her stuff off of my property."

I raised my eyebrow. It was good that Ford was hopeful, but I didn't share his optimism when it came to his ex-girlfriend cooperating. She'd already shown that she wasn't the kind of person to just give up on something she wanted. "I know you must be in pain and pretty mixed up, but have you considered the probability that she doesn't do what you want?"

"Have you considered that I have no problems movin' far away from her ass?"

"You mean, closer to me?"

"I mean, getting a place with you. Sky don't you think we both deserve to give this a shot? I'm crazy about you, darlin'. It would bring me a lot of pleasure havin' you to share a bed with every night." I could see him smiling and couldn't help but do the same thing.

"You want us to live together?" I don't know why I doubted his intentions. We'd been so happy before all this Ash drama had begun. We spent a lot of weeks at each other's homes. It wasn't too farfetched to assume that we'd be happy living together as a couple.

"It would be nice."

I leaned down and kissed him tenderly on the lips. "Okay."

He rubbed his thumb over my hand. "See, now you can worry about that instead of other things."

"What about the baby?"

Ford looked away briefly. He seemed like he was struggling for an answer. "How about we worry about that when the time comes."

I agreed and the conversation was dropped for a later time. The rest of the morning I cuddled up next to him and kept him company. We fell asleep for a while and woke up after lunch. Since Ford already had his food delivered, I left to grab something from the cafeteria and check in with my parents. The whole time I kept wondering where his family was. It was odd how his parents were there so quickly the night before, but they still weren't there today. Ford didn't seem to be bothered, but I was starting to worry.

When dinner came around, and he still hadn't heard from anyone, we called Shayne. He seemed oblivious since he was spending time at Lacey's on his day off. The next call we made was to his Aunt Viv's diner. He talked to Joey for a second until his aunt got on the phone. I couldn't hear what she was saying, but Ford's face turned a shade of white. When he hung up, he picked up a Styrofoam cup and threw it across the room. "Fuckin' bitch!"

I knew he could tell that he'd scared me. He grabbed me and held my arm while he spoke. "They served my parents today. The land is bein' seized and they have fifteen days to find somewhere else to go."

"You think Ashley did this?"

"I know she did! That bitch went running home to her damn daddy and he made good on his promise." Ford shook his head and covered his face with one hand, since he couldn't lift up the other one. "My dad must be freakin' out. He's got nothing without his home and business."

"Can't he ask a relative for help?"

He shook his head. "He's too proud. He won't admit that he screwed up."

"That's just dumb. Someone could easily lend him that money." I couldn't believe that men were so stubborn.

"He knows he'll never pay it back."

"What about Shayne's dad?"

"He paid for my mother's rehab. That shit was expensive."

"Do you have anything saved?" I wasn't trying to be nosey.

"A couple grand. I've been helpin' the business stay afloat and trying to get my dad caught up. Honestly, if I didn't have his debt, I'd be doin' well."

I wondered if Ford had considered that they were being forced out of the last place his sister lived before she died. Surely the sentiment alone would make them all want to stay there. "Are you going to be okay?"

He pulled my hand up to his lips. "Yeah. As long as you don't leave me for bein' a broke bastard, I think I'll survive."

I looked him in the eyes and didn't even flinch. "I won't!"

Ford was a stubborn man, who didn't like taking handouts or hearing that something couldn't go his way. He was the type of guy to take what he wanted, not because he had to force someone, but because they wanted to do it. I loved his strong will and admired his strength. It was a terrible shame that this was all happening after he'd put so much time into trying to get them back on their feet. It seemed like every time something was looking up for his family, something bad would happen. The vicious circle was tearing them apart piece by piece.

When I looked at Ford I saw someone that I wanted to spend my future with. He needed to feel like he was worth something. More importantly, he needed to feel appreciated. I was going to help his family, whether they liked it or not!

Ford

It was bad enough that I was lying in a hospital bed and couldn't go anywhere. God only knew what was going on at my house. I wondered if they were going to refuse us some of our personal belongings. My dad and I had invested a lot of money in tools and equipment. We couldn't afford to lose them and everything else. For us, it was a double whammy. We were going to lose our homes and our business. With nothing saved and only the clothes on our backs, how were we supposed to find a new place to live?

My dad was too old to be looking for a new job. The young guys my age could double his work load in half the time. He couldn't afford to open a new business and he was too young to collect Social Security. Since my mother had basically not existed for years, she was going to have trouble getting a job. Thinking about it all made me feel sick to my stomach. I was trying to be calm for the benefit of Sky being with me, but she knew me better than that.

I could tell she was avoiding certain conversations, and by the time the evening news came on, we hardly said a word to each other. It wasn't like it was her fault, even though she felt it was. Ashley had taken her obsession for me and turned it into revenge. She was like one of those girls on television that says "if she can't have me, nobody will".

I considered all options to figure out what to do to help my dad. One could only imagine what was going through that man's mind. He'd just got my mother back after years of them being separated. As much as I didn't want to admit it, she was doing so well. It sucked that it could all turn to shit again, because of this.

Since I'd wrecked my truck, I would now have to replace it. How was I supposed to do that without any source of income or a real home address?

Ashley had f**ked me royally. She had taken what was once a fun time and turned it to shit, all because she didn't get her way. I thought as adults we were supposed to grow up and mature. She'd aged in reverse as far as mentality went.

Now she was pregnant and expecting a child that I knew she had no desire to have. We'd talked about a dozen times when we were younger and Ashley was adamant about never wanting children. She said she hated crying babies and would never want to be tied down by that kind of responsibility. The only time she agreed to have kids, was when I was breaking up with her. She said it out of desperation, not because she'd changed her mind.

Her father didn't know it, but he was enabling her to act out in such a way that it would end up ruining his career. They may have taken away everything from my family, but it would never make me change my mind about them. They were bad people and I felt sorry for the baby that she was carrying. The child would probably never know what a good father I would have been. It certainly would never know what it was like to have two parents that loved each other and wanted to be a family.

Thinking about it made me sad. I started wondering if I would ever be able to even see the child. I hadn't considered that one day I would want someone to call me Daddy, but now that I knew there was a child involved, it seemed like I couldn't wait for it to happen.

Still, I had no control over what they were going to do. Sure, we could hire a lawyer and lose more money to fight someone with power that would win regardless of my situation. It was a lose-lose situation for me and I needed to realize that my chances were slim.

The depression was getting the best of me due to the fact that I was stuck in this hospital. I was worried about Sky and hoping Ash got her shit and got out of my life. I worried about the future of my family. If I stepped out on them, I wanted to know they were going to be okay.

With so much time on my hands, decisions were becoming the highlight of my days. There was only one thing I was sure of, and that was the fact that I wanted a future with Sky. Come Hell or high water, I was going to find a way for us to be together. I didn't care if I had to work three jobs, or sell my soul. I was going to make it happen.

Chapter 31

Skylar

Ford still had a couple days left in the hospital. Since I was supposed to go to my classes, I used that excuse and left the hospital. My father had come home early to attend a business meeting, so I drove straight to his warehouse to meet him. After hugging me, I could tell he wanted to know why I'd skipped school to visit him. He led me to his office and closed the door behind us. "What's wrong? Did something happen to Ford?"

I sat down and folded my hands. "Ford is fine. Well, physically he's fine. I think there are some things we need to talk about though. I don't know how you're going to feel about him once I'm done, so I need you to promise to be open-minded."

He put both hands on his desk and leaned forward. "Okay. You're scaring me now."

"I told you how Ford and I met and how his ex-girlfriend still wanted to be with him. I'm not going to go into every detail, but basically, before we became a couple, they slept together. Now she's claiming she's pregnant and he's the father."

"But you think she's lying?"

I motioned for him to wait before I went on. "My opinion doesn't matter, right now. What matters is what has happened because of it."

"I'm all ears."

"When Ford and I became a couple, Ashley went crazy. Her father is some big councilman in their town and apparently Ford's dad didn't pay his taxes for quite a while. Because Ford and Ashley were dating, her dad overlooked it."

My dad cut me off. "Let me guess. Now that they aren't seeing "eye to eye", the bills finally came back into play?"

"Pretty much."

My dad sat back, folded his hands together and beat his index fingers onto his mouth, like he did when he was thinking. "Are you coming for money?"

I shook my head. "No. I'm coming here as an adult to tell you that I'm using some of grandmom's money that she left for me to pay for them. Ford doesn't know and I don't want you to tell him."

"That money is for your future, Skylar."

I smiled. "You may not believe this, dad, but I feel like Ford is my future. You can be angry with me and cut me off from everything you do for me, but that account was left to me and I want to do this. I want to help them, because they've lost so much already. I can't stand to see people struggle when we live so comfortably."

"I'm assuming this decision is final. If that's the case then I would like to give you another option." I knew my father was going to try to fight me to not take out that money. It was hard for anyone to understand that my feelings for Ford were real and that they were going to last. I knew it in my heart and I felt it in my gut that I loved Ford and he loved me.

"I won't change my mind, but I'll hear you out." I stuck with my gut and wasn't about to change my mind.

He pulled something out of his desk drawer and pushed it across to me. It was an application for employment and the necessary paperwork for a background and drug test. "My option is to provide Ford with a new business opportunity. If all goes well, he will receive a hefty signing bonus after six months, in which he can use to repay you for helping him."

I pushed the paperwork back toward him. "Dad, you can't do that for me."

He pushed it back. "I've already asked Ford. He'd be crazy to pass up on it. The new division needs young people with experience. Ford would be perfect and I can tell that he's a hard worker. Look at what he's sacrificed already."

"So that's it? He gets a new job, making a ton more money and there are no strings attached?"

He crossed his arms and leaned back in his chair. "No strings. It's a win-win for all of us."

I ran over to his side of the desk, just as he was standing up. My arms were around him within seconds. "Thank you, Dad. Thank you so much for doing this."

He patted me on the back. "He still has to agree to all of this, you know."

I smiled. "Yeah, well he'll have to say yes once I pay the money. He's going to be mad at first, but I think, in time, he'll see that I was doing it for his family."

"Just make sure he knows you did it. Don't keep it a secret."

I started to grab my purse, but realized there was one more thing I needed to tell him. "Uh, Dad. Ford asked me to live with him. He says he wants us to get a place close to you and Mom."

"And you already told him you would, right?"

I scrunched up my face. "Are you mad?"

"I was actually getting sick of having to wear clothes in the house all the time. Your mother and I have gotten used to being alone."

I threw up my hands and closed my eyes. "Ew! Spare me the disgusting details. I don't want to know."

He laughed at me. "What are you going to do about the baby he's having? Are you sure you're ready to be a step-mom to an infant? Children can complicate relationships. I don't want you jumping into something that you're not prepared for."

"Ford doesn't even think he'll get to see the baby. If he does, I will support him as much as I can."

"We're always here if you need us, Sky."

I thanked my father three more times before leaving and driving straight to the town where Ford lived. The cashier wasn't too friendly, so I had to pretend I was an attorney's assistant there to look at the tax bills for the county. After locating the parcel of land they owned, I then cross referenced the total amount due for the business and residential part.

After double checking myself, I drove another half hour to the nearest branch of my bank and withdrew the necessary funds. I arrived back at the courthouse fifteen minutes before they closed for the evening. With the money in a small handbag, I counted it twice for the cashier. She kept giving me a curious look wondering where someone my age could have come up with so much cash in such a short amount of time.

When we were finished, I ran my receipt down the hall, just as they were locking up. With my shoes shoved into the door jamb so the door wouldn't close, the older woman opened it. I explained that it was an emergency of life or death. I didn't even care what got me through the door as long as I'd made it. Being that I'd never officially met Ashley's dad, after only seeing him briefly at the party, I was surprised when I walked into his office and saw that he was a young looking man. He stood up and greeted me. "What can I do for you today, Miss?"

"Whitaker. I'm here to show the receipt of payment for the Cooper's land. As you can see the full amount including all fees has been paid in full."

The man's smile disappeared. "And you know this family?"

"It doesn't matter how I know them, does it? The money was paid by cash, so you won't have to wait until a check clears. I'd appreciate it if someone could contact the family first thing tomorrow morning, since they don't know I've done this for them."

I stood up and started to walk out the office. "Miss Whitaker, do you really think that bailing out Ford's family is going to secure your relationship with him? What are you planning on doing when his child is born? Have you considered that he may have a change of heart?"

"I don't care about the money. As far as the child is concerned, I hope he or she has the best life possible. Ford isn't aware that I've done this for him, because it wasn't his decision to make. Some people do things because they have kind hearts. Have a good evening, councilman."

When I walked back to my car, I felt empowered. Ford's family could keep their business and their home. He and I could move into a new place and start something without so much baggage.

All I had to do was tell Ford the truth, before someone got to him first.

Ford

I was released from the hospital three days later. Sky came to pick me up, and although I was still extremely sore, it didn't stop me from hugging her. "Don't squeeze too hard, you'll bust your stitches."

"I'm just glad to be out of there."

We climbed into the car and Sky started driving. I reached over and intertwined our fingers. After looking at me for a second, she pulled over to the shoulder of the road. "We need to talk."

I didn't let go of her hand. "Did somethin' happen?"

She smiled and looked at the steering wheel, instead of at me. "Remember how you asked me to move in with you?"

I nodded. "Of course, I do. Did you change your mind?"

Sky shook her head and smiled. "No, but you might, when you hear what I have to tell you."

All I could think of was that she'd decided she didn't want a loser like me. Who would? Her family was well off. I'm sure that I was the last person they wanted to see their daughter settle for. Now that my family was practically homeless, it was an even worse situation. How could I think that I'd be able to find another job, while having to pay rent somewhere? "Is it your parents? They think I'm bad for you?"

"Ford, can you give yourself any credit? My parents like you. My father even reserved a job in his company for you, which I think you should definitely consider, even if you change your mind about me."

"Damn it, Sky. You're makin' me real nervous. Just tell me what you've done."

She held my hand and stared at it. "I know you said to stay out of it, but I couldn't let Ashley and her crooked father take away that house and your family's business. That house is more special than any other, because you and your sister grew up there."

"What are you sayin'?"

"Nobody has to move, because the taxes have all been paid." Sky finally looked into my eyes and I could tell she was scared of how I would react.

To be honest, I didn't know what to say. I'd specifically told her to stay out of it. This was our problem and not hers to have to deal with. I didn't want her to ever think I'd take her money like that. Then there was the fact that she'd done it all behind my back. If she thought she could do things like that all of the time, she was very mistaken. I couldn't be with someone that overlooked my authority, especially when it came to my personal business.

Since we were pulled over, I said nothing and climbed out of the car. We were near a shopping center and I started walking toward it, leaving Sky sitting there wondering what was happening.

I felt betrayed.

I was angry.

But I was also grateful.

Sky wasn't just an amazing girlfriend. She had this knack about wanting everyone around her to be happy. She thrived on people's generosity towards one another and I appreciated that so much, considering all of the things I'd given up for my own family; it wasn't like they'd ever stopped to appreciate any of it. Now I had found this woman that shared the same heart as me. How could I stay mad at her when I knew for a fact that I would have done the exact same thing for her?

I took a few deep breaths and started heading back to the car. Sky was crying when I climbed in. I looked forward. "I'm sorry, darlin'."

"I'm not sorry, Ford." She looked at me and I hated seeing the tears falling down her face. I took my good hand and brushed them away. "I'm not sorry for helping your family. From the first day we met, I could feel that we needed each other. Whatever it was that happened between us that night, carried on and turned into something much deeper than I've ever experienced. You've made me happy and you've broken my heart, but through it all, I knew you were all I wanted." She sniffled and got quiet for a second. "That money I used was from my grandmother. She gave it to me when she died and said it was for my future."

"Why would you use that money for me, then? That's what I'm pissed about."

"I used it because you are my future. Don't you get that?"

The air left my body for a second. I knew that I loved this woman, but nothing could have hit me as hard as those words had. When Sky said that, her eyes were fixed on mine, like she was burning them into my mind. I got chills and the hair stood up on my arms.

I reached over and grabbed the back of her head, pulling her mouth to mine. We didn't speak, not that I could ever find the words equivalent to what she'd just said to me. I needed to show her what she meant to me. As we pulled away from each other, Sky opened her eyes and tried her best to smile. I brushed my lips over hers. "I'm going to pay you back, Sky."

She shook her head. "No you're not! Your father is. I went to their house last night and we had a long talk about some things. I think he needed to be reminded of all the things you've given up for him."

She was making me crazy, but I'd also never had someone stand up for me. "What did he say?"

"He said he owes us both. Then I told him about my dad's offer. He seemed let down, but your mom made him realize that it was your turn to be happy."

"You've got to be kiddin' me." My dad didn't do feelings and he surely didn't admit that he did something wrong.

"I knew you'd be mad at me about the money. I also knew that you might not want to take the job. I had to take the chance that you would, because you loved me enough to want it for yourself. Does that make sense?"

I nodded, but didn't take my lips far away from hers. "Let's go home. I can't hold you in this f**kin' car and since you've bailed out my family and still love me after everything else, I owe you some real good lovin'."

I may have owed her, but the truth was, I needed to feel her close to me. I wanted her naked and in my bed. Immediately!

Chapter 32

Skylar

When we arrived at Ford's apartment, we didn't bother stopping at the main house to see his parents. I'd paid them a visit the night before Ford came home and let them know that I had taken care of their problem. As grateful as they were, I wanted them to know that I did it because I wanted Ford to have a chance at a future instead of having to keep a roof over their heads. They needed to act like his parents and not his children.

I thought that they'd hate me, but was confident when I left that they respected me instead. I also think they appreciated my dad giving Ford a chance at a real career in spite of him dropping out of college.

Ford was exhausted and needed to rest, but he was adamant about me being naked in his bed, next to him. We held hands as we walked up to the apartment.

It was a relief to walk in and see that Ashley was gone. On the counter was a note. Ford picked it up and read it out loud.

Ford,

It pains me that you would choose that ho over your own unborn child. I guess it is for the best considering that you wanted nothing to do with this child anyway. You will regret your decision when you're all alone and never know your child. One day she will leave you and your heart will feel the way mine does. A girl like that doesn't settle for someone like you. Good luck with that!

Ash

I walked over and hugged him. It was so sad that she could be so petty, all because he didn't want to be with her. Ford bundled up the piece of paper and tossed it across the kitchen. "Fuck her!"

I didn't look down to Ford, like she was implying, if anything, I idolized him for the man he didn't even know he was. "There's something I need to tell you."

Ford grabbed a beer out of the refrigerator, opened it and took a sip. "There's more?"

I took the beer out of his hand and sat it down. "You shouldn't drink on those pain meds."

He grabbed the waist of my shorts and pulled me close to him. "Won't you take care of me?"

I bit down on my lip and tried to focus on the seriousness of what I was about to tell him. "Of course I will. Just come sit down."

We walked over to the bed and sat down. Right away a foul odor became very apparent. Ford looked at me with a disgusted face. "What the f**k?" We stood up and he ripped the covers off the bed. A giant spot of yellow was stained into the sheets and through the mattress. "That bitch pissed all over my bed? I'm goin' to f**kin' kill her!"

I grabbed his flailing arms and tried to calm him down. "Ford, she's pregnant and you're not going to kill anybody." I started laughing and just couldn't help it. Of all the petty things to do to someone, she'd literally pulled down her pants and soiled his bed with urine.

"What are you laughin' at? This is f**ked up."

I laughed harder. "I'm sorry. It's just...I am picturing her standing there peeing and it's hysterical."

Ford ran his hand through his hair. "I don't think it's funny. It's somethin' a kid would do. Do you see what I'm sayin' about her bein' immature?"

I nodded. "Of course. It's still funny, though."

He shook his head and started ripping off the blankets with one hand. I stopped him. "We're going to need to get someone to help us throw this whole sofa bed out."

Ford started on his rant again, while pacing around the room. The thing between Shayne and Ash was going to have to wait until I could get him calmed down. "I can't believe this shit. While I was in the hospital she was f**kin' with my stuff!" He walked over and kicked the kitchen trash can. I knew he was frustrated, but he had to remember that he'd been in a bad car accident and needed to get better before he messed up his healing body.

"When you're done messing the place up worse, I'll be out on the porch." I walked outside, leaving him alone to stew.

Ford finally walked outside to use his phone. He walked down the steps with it up to his ear. He wasn't yelling, so I assumed he was not talking to Ash.

I stood at the top of the landing, watching him lighting a cigarette that was probably stale. He paced around the gravel parking lot randomly throwing up his arms as he spoke. When he hung up, he finished his cigarette and stood at the foot of the stairs. "That was Shayne. He said he'd stop by tomorrow after work. He said he's with Lacey and they're havin' it out about somethin'."

"Where do you want to sleep tonight?"

"Let's just go over to my dad's. I'm tired and too pissed off to sit in a car again."

Ford climbed back up the steps and we went in together to get some things to take over to the other house. He didn't speak and neither did I. As much as I wanted to believe that the peeing on the bed was the last of her antics, I knew Ash wasn't going to give up. Her new mission was to make Ford miserable and I feared what was coming next.

Ford

All I wanted to do was get home and be alone with Sky. It wasn't just the sex that I'd been missing. It was also the alone time. Leave it to Ash to ruin things. I reckon she thought that if she destroyed my bed that I wouldn't be able to ever be with Sky in it again. She may have gotten her wish about the bed, but nothing was going to keep me away from Sky.

After gathering up some things, we headed up to the main house. My mother was sitting at the kitchen table smoking a cigarette while reading a book. "You better be careful. You might light your page on fire."

"This book is so hot it might combust on its own. What are you two doin' here this late?"

"That bitch of an ex pissed all over my bed. Shayne is' comin' by tomorrow to help me throw it away."

She shook her head and put her cigarette out. "I know you don't want to hear my opinions, Ford. I don't have a right to make claims to you or anyone else in this family. I'm grateful for your father and him bein' so understandin', but I'm no fool. I have a lot to make up for before either of you could ever trust me again. The thing is, now that I can think clearly, it hurts me when someone hurts you. That baby is my grandchild and I'll be damned if she tried to keep us away from it."

I had to smile at my mother's spunkiness. She didn't hold anything back. I had to admit that since she'd been clean, and going to meetings, she was just like I remembered her being when I was a kid. She was right about trust though. It was something earned and not given. She had a long way before that would happen with me, but she was off to a good start. "I appreciate that. We're just goin' to sleep up in my old room, if that's alright?"

I didn't need to ask her permission, but I wanted to be respectful anyway.

"Sure. Go on up. It' probably needs sheets, but you know where they are."

We said our goodnights and headed upstairs.

After putting on new bedding all by herself, Sky started to get undressed. She left her underwear on and gave me a funny look when I motioned for everything else to come off. "Come on, Sky. It's been days. I need some lovin'."

She patted on the mattress next to her. "Get in bed. You need rest, not sex."

"I need sex and then rest," I corrected her.

Sky grabbed her phone off the side table and lifted it into the air to get service. "Ugh, I hate that I can't see my messages. If Lacey and Shayne are fighting, I know she's going to be calling me."

"She knows you're takin' care of me." I pulled her into my chest and started unclipping her bra. "Lacey can wait until tomorrow. Right now, you're mine!"

"I feel like a shitty friend."

I tossed her bra on the floor behind me and sunk my face in between her br**sts. Her skin smelled like strawberries and it made my mouth water. I ran my nose over one of her ni**les, making it hard. She ran her hands into my hair. I suckled on a nipple and looked up into her eyes. When I pulled away, I blew cool air on it. Sky bit down on her lip and her eyes started to roll into the back of her head. "Please, Sky. I want you so bad. My dick has been hard for days. I've never had blue balls like this, darlin'."

She giggled and stopped my head from licking her skin again. "Are you playing the sympathy card with me over sex?"

I shrugged and tried to lick her nipple again, but she pushed my face away. Since I had to lean on only one arm, it was hard to keep my balance. She knew she was in control. "Please." I stuck out my bottom lip.

Sky licked her lips and finally let me make my way back to her shiny nipple. I sucked on it hard before placing kisses up to her lips. She reciprocated and soon our tongues were mingling, giving us both a tiny burst of pleasure, and leaving us wanting more. Sky flipped us over, giving my arm a break, while she stood up and removed her panties. She licked one of my ni**les and drug her tongue down to my belly button. Sky tugged off my boxers, removing them off of my feet, while I watched her eyeing up my cock. "You want it in your mouth, don't ya, darlin'?"

She looked at me with intent filled eyes. "Maybe."

I got chills just anticipating her lips surrounding it.

Sky ran her lips over one of my thighs, while still keeping her eyes focused on mine. I reached down and grabbed a chunk of her hair, trying to persuade her toward the prize. She laughed and kept kissing my leg instead. When she finally grabbed ahold of me, she teased the tip, dragging her tongue over it quickly. "Mmm, is that what you want?"

I closed my eyes and put my head back on the pillow. "Yes!"

I felt her applying pressure and begin stroking it with her hand. I massaged her head where I was still holding her hair. Don't get me wrong, I like to be teased and do my fair share of it, but I needed her mouth full of me.

She must have finally sensed my eagerness, because she wrapped those full lips around me and let the saliva run down, lubricating my whole shaft. Her hands became wet and slid quickly up and down my cock, while her mouth bobbed and sucked hard when she reached the tip. Over and over again, her pace was perfect. I felt her cold hand massaging my balls while she continued taking me to new heights with her mouth. I'd gone too many days without her to be able to hold out. If I didn't stop her, she would get a mouthful and the night would have to come to an end. As much as I longed for release, I needed to be inside of my girlfriend. I tugged on her head, pulling her off of me. She reached out her tongue and tried to lick the tip. "Get up here and flip over on your knees."

She smiled and did as I said. With her ass in the air, I lightly smacked on her pu**y. She jumped and cried out, so I did it again, then rubbed my fingers in between her folds. She was so warm and inviting that I didn't even bother messing around. I was already close enough to be able to finish.

Entering her tight pu**y was like feeling it again for the first time. I got comfortable on my knees and put my free hand on her waist. The harder I pounded, the more she cried out. I leaned over her and reached around to pinch her nipple. Sky moaned and started pushing her ass into my thrusts. In seconds, I lost control of myself and found my release.

After cleaning up, Sky cuddled up next to me. "It was time for a new bed anyway, you know."

I kissed the top of her head. "It's time for a whole new life. I'm takin' that job, Sky. I want to be able to give you the things you deserve."

She teased me with her lips. "That's easy, since all I want is you."

Chapter 33

Skylar

I had to admit that it was nice to wake up in a real bed, wrapped in Ford's body. I hugged him and looked up at his stubbly face while he slept. The bandages had been removed from his head and the staples looked to be healing, but they were still awful to look at.

After giving him what he claimed he needed, we had gone right to sleep. Seeing him react to my paying off the debt, I wondered if Ford was going to be able to forgive me for waiting a couple of days to tell him about Ashley and Shayne's conversation in the bathroom.

Ford stirred and I moved out of his way before I accidentally got clocked with his cast. "Mornin'. How long have you been up?"

"A little while. Did you sleep good?"

"Compared to the hospital, it was fantastic. Besides, I had the company of my girl. What is there not to like about it?"

"I was wondering. Since you don't have to move, did you still want to look for a place with me? I won't be mad if you don't. I know it came up because of all the things that were going on."

"I reckon we don't have to rush, but I still want it to happen, Sky. It's hard sleepin' at night without you in my bed."

I blushed, thinking about him needing me. Ford was a grown man that did fine living on his own. I didn't want to invade his space and have him hate me. "I want it to happen, too."

He kissed the top of my head and wrapped his arm back around me. "What did you want to talk to me about last night?"

I got ready to open my mouth when Ford's dad yelled, "Ford, Shayne's here! Get up, boy!"

He looked back at me, waiting for me to explain. "I can tell you about it later."

He sat up and started looking around for his boxers. Since they were on my side of the bed, I grabbed them and helped get them onto his ankles. Once he was decent, he opened the bedroom door. "Be right down!"

I covered up and smiled as I watched him throwing on some clothes. "We're just goin' to take it out to the burn pile in the field. It shouldn't take too long."

"Okay, I'll see you when you get back."

I watched Ford leave the room and sank down on the bed. Now that he knew I had something to say, he wasn't going to stop asking until I told him what it was.

Finally realizing that Lacey had probably tried to call me a hundred times, I got myself dressed and headed outside onto the porch to get service. Right away, my phone started blowing up with text messages. Instead of reading all of them, I dialed Lacey's number.

"Thank God! I thought you were dead in a ditch somewhere."

"I was with Ford. You know there's no service here. What's up?" I could already tell from her voice that she was freaking out.

"Oh my God, you're not going to believe it. I think Shayne's cheating on me. Yesterday we got our phones mixed up. I didn't think it was a big deal if I went through his messages. Girl, are you sitting down?"

"Yeah, why?"

"The messages were from someone named Ashley."

I cut her off. "Ford's Ashley?"

"I'm assuming, since they were talking about a baby and the truth coming out. He told her he couldn't keep the secret much longer and she was flipping out on him. She said he promised to never tell anyone about that night. What night is she talking about?"

"Obviously you asked him. What did he say?"

"He said that if I can't trust him then we shouldn't be together at all. I love him, Sky. What am I supposed to do?"

"So he didn't explain anything? Do you think the baby is his?"

"At this point, I just don't know. He left last night and wouldn't pick up the phone when I called. I didn't get any sleep and I don't know what to do."

"Shayne is here with Ford, right now. Also, there's something you might want to know. Lace, I heard Shayne and Ashley talking last week at the hospital. They were talking about a big secret that couldn't get out. I don't want to scare you, but you may want to prepare yourself."

"How can this be happening? We were so happy. He never said a thing about Ashley, except for the fact that he hated her. He loves Ford, Sky. I can't see him doing something like that and jeopardizing their relationship, especially when they were estranged in the first place."

"Listen, I will call you in a bit. I think it's time I told Ford the truth. This can't go on any longer. It's hurting too many people. If that baby isn't Ford's, he's going to want to know. This could get really ugly, Lace. I'm just warning you."

"You better call me back. Don't make me drive out there to bum-fuck and find him. I will rip off his balls if he's lied to me about this."

"Okay, I promise I will call. Hang tight and let me get to the bottom of things."

When I hung up the phone I felt more convinced than ever that Shayne and Ashley were messing around behind Ford's back. Shayne clearly didn't want to mess things up with Lacey, so maybe the two of them devised a plan together. Ashley thought she had a chance with Ford if she was carrying his child. The only problem with that was the fact that it changed nothing. Ford still didn't want her and now she was caught up in some secret that seemed a lot bigger than any of us could have imagined.

Ford

My dad had to end up helping Shayne carry the sofa bed outside, since I couldn't use my broken arm to lift the thing. Once outside, they put it on a dolly and pushed it out to where we burned trash.

I was surprised to see Sky walking in my direction and threw out my cigarette before she could scold me. I knew it was a habit that I needed to kick, but things were still too stressful for that to happen. Besides, I'd cut back a lot since Sky had been a part of my life. "What's up, darlin'."

I got the surprise of my life when she ignored me and pointed to Shayne. It didn't stop there, though. Sky walked up to him and shoved him. "You son of a bitch!"

I figured that it had to do something with her friend and shrugged it off until Sky started saying my name.

"How could you lie to Ford? How could you be with someone like her?"

Shayne threw his hands up in the air. "Sky, please. It ain't what you think. I swear!"

I walked toward him and got my girlfriend to stop pushing him backwards. "What's she talkin' about?"

Shayne shook his head and covered his face. "Damn! I knew this was goin' to happen." He looked up at Sky and then to me. "I never meant to hurt anyone."

I pushed him this time. "What the f**k are you talkin' about?"

At this point, my father put his hands in his pockets and stood there; we were waiting to hear what Shayne had to say. Sky stood next to him with her arms folded across her chest. "I heard you in the bathroom at the hospital, Shayne. Tell the damn truth, or I will tell him what I think is going on."

I looked from one of them to the other. "Someone better start talkin'."

"It's not what you think! I'm not the father of her baby." Shayne looked down at the ground. "But neither are you."

I can't explain the emotions that ran through me. As relieved as I was, I also wanted to kill my cousin. I pounced on him, sending us both falling onto the gravel. My anger outweighed the pain that I'd just inflicted on myself. "You f**kin' asshole! Do you have any idea what that shit has cost us?"

My dad separated us. "Cut this shit out!"

Shayne stood up and brushed off his pants. "I know, Ford. Remember that I was the one that hooked you back up with Sky."

"Did you do it because you felt guilty for f**kin' her? We're family, dude. How could you even go there?"

"I didn't!" Shayne pleaded. "I swear! I never touched Ashley."

"You practically banged the whole beach, why should I believe you?" He was a player and we both knew it.

"Dude, just listen. Please." Shayne paced around like a crazy person. "Fuck!"

"Take this inside, boys." My dad pointed toward the house. "I ain't havin' this in my front yard!" He walked toward the shop and didn't look back. Leave it to my dad to stay away from the drama.

When we got up into the apartment, Shayne stood on the other side of the kitchen. "If the baby ain't mine, and it's not yours, who is the father?"

"Man, this is so f**ked up. My parents are goin' to f**kin' kill me for this." Shayne looked up at me and Sky. "Remember when you first met Sky and you came to the beach? You stayed in that motel."

"Yeah, why?"

"I ran into Ash on the boardwalk. She'd just run into you the night before. You were with a pretty blonde and she was flippin' out about it. Anyway, after you'd rejected her for the second time, she came to a party at my house. I had a house full that weekend. My parents were away and I had the twins with me. I promised that I wouldn't let them get into any trouble, but come on. It wasn't like I could control two eighteen year olds." Shayne rubbed his face and then continued. "Anyway, I was startin' to talk to Lace again and left for a bit. When I came back, I couldn't find Parker anywhere. I went outside and found him and Ash on the beach. They were both trashed and had clearly had sex."

My stomach dropped. Right away, I knew why he'd kept it a secret. Had it been my sister, I would have done anything to protect her. "Damn! Does Parker know?"

Shayne shook his head. "No. He just left for college and I didn't want to ruin it for him. When Ashley announced that she was havin' your kid, I called her out on it. She swore up and down that it was your kid, until I threatened to tell you the truth. She knew you'd have a paternity test and find out you weren't the father. It took her one day to call me cryin'. I didn't know what to do."

"Thanks for screwin' me over, Shayne. Do you have any idea what you did to me, to Sky? We've been ripped apart and almost lost everything, because of this piece of shit lie. Get the f**k out of my face, before I beat the living shit out of you!" I pointed toward the door, but Shayne didn't move.

"For what it's worth, when I hooked you guys up, I wanted you to be happy. The secret was killin' me inside and I told her I wasn't keepin' it any longer."

"He's telling the truth, Ford. That's what I heard him telling Ash at the hospital," Sky added.

"It don't matter. He lied. I'm done with him!"

Shayne sighed and walked out of the apartment without saying anything else. There was one thing I needed to know before he left. "Wait! Tell me somethin', Shayne. That night, did I even sleep with Ash?"

"She said you couldn't stay hard because you were too drunk. Since it was all an attempt to get you back, she made it seem like you had, going as far as to stage it to look like you'd been with her willingly. You're off the hook, man. It's my brother's problem now." Shayne waved goodbye and ran down the stairs.

Sky stood across the room looking at me. "Come here!" She walked toward me, but I could tell she was shaken up.

"I didn't know, Ford. I swear."

I wrapped my arms around her. "I know, darlin'. I can't believe I'm sayin' this, but I think we need to settle a few things with that little bitch, if you get my drift."

She nodded.

I grabbed her by the hand and led her outside, where I dialed Ashley's phone number.

"What do you want, Ford?"

"You lied. You hurt me and my family and you tortured my girlfriend. Then you came into my home and pissed on my bed like a f**kin' dog would do. You want to know the worst part, Ash?"

"Screw you, Ford. You're just pissed because you won't know your own child."

"That child ain't mine and you know it."

"Who told you that?" I could tell she was panicking.

"Who do you think? We didn't even f**k that night I was drunk, did we? As soon as I realized you weren't Sky I went limp, because even at my worst moments, you could never be her, you simple minded bitch!

I could hear her starting to cry. "You're wrong! He's lyin'!"

"Save the lies for someone who cares. I hope you rot in Hell and you surely don't deserve to be a mother. Stay the f**k away from me and my family. That goes for Sky too. Do you hear me?"

"Yes but..."

"Shut the f**k up! So help me God, if you destroy Parker's future, I will f**kin' kill you myself! Do yourself a favor and have an abortion, since you can't even stand kids. Oh, and just so you know, you're nothin' but a whore for sleepin' with that kid."

Her tears meant nothing to me. My dad should have paid his taxes, but he didn't deserve to have to be thrown out the way her father was going to make us. When I hung up the phone, I felt like I was finally free.

I looked over at Sky. "I ain't goin' to yell at you. Get over here." She walked over and wrapped her arms around me. "I'm sorry you had to hear that, but she deserved it. I could have lost you for no damn reason. That shit pisses me off."

She pulled away and looked at me. "Are you going to be able to forgive Shayne? I think he was going to tell you, Ford. I heard him say it."

"Right now, I don't want to talk to him. I get why he did it, but it's still messed up. Besides, he's got enough problems to deal with."

Her eyes looked sad. "I feel so sorry for that baby."

I looked right into those beautiful blue eyes. "It ain't our problem!" Sky got quiet again. "What's wrong?" I thought she'd be thrilled that we were free.

"Nothing is standing in our way anymore, Ford. Do you have any idea what you've been through? You lost your sister, ended a relationship and buried your heart behind a brick wall. Everything's changed now. The wall is down and your mother, who you thought didn't love you, has come back into your life. I know you need time, but it's evident she loves you. She knows the drugs made her a different person and wants to make up for it. Now that your dad has her back, he doesn't need you take care of him."

I let out an air filled laugh. "You fixed me, Sky."

"You fixed me too, you know."

I ran my hand through her hair and kissed her slowly. "Maybe we should go celebrate."

She laughed and pointed to my bed that was now in a field. "We need to go shopping first."

"Who needs a bed, when we have a shower, darlin'?"

Sky raised her brow and smiled. She reached for my hand and started pulling me up the stairs. "What are we waiting for then?"

Epilogue

Six months later

Skylar

I looked through the bathroom door and saw Ford adjusting the same piece of hair that he'd been messing with for twenty minutes. This was a big night for him and I could tell that he was nervous. "You know, if you keep primping, we're going to be late."

He sprayed his head one more time and came out of the bathroom wearing a suit. "What do you think?"

I put my finger on my lips and tapped it as I walked all the way around him, taking extra time to check out his fine ass. "You clean up nice."

He grabbed me by the waist and pulled me into his arms. "Is that so?"

I giggled and pulled away. My dress was strapless and the strapless bra was held on by stickers. "Don't mess with the dress. I may pop out of it."

"You say that like it would be a bad thing."

I looked at him with a disapproving grin. "Seriously, babe, in front of my dad and your co-workers?"

He put his hands up, motioning that he surrendered. "Fine! I won't touch you until after dinner." He smacked me on the ass. "Just so you know, I'll be thinkin' about it the whole time."

I remember people saying that when two people moved in together, their sex life decreased. Well, I'm here to nix that theory. My boyfriend wanted to have sex at all hours. He wanted to have sex after we'd just finished having sex.

I never complained.

We'd moved in together five months ago and I'd never been happier. How I'd ended up with such a fine man was beyond belief considering I was just an easy lay that he'd rescued off the side of a road. Still, looking back, everything we went through made us stronger. It made us realize that we could get through anything.

After we finally made it to the car and he started driving, I caught him looking in the mirror. "You sure I don't look like a penguin in this thing?"

"You can take it off in a couple hours and you look great. Pay attention to the road please."

"Do my parents have the directions?"

"Yes, I talked to your mom this morning." It had taken Ford a while, but he was coming around when it came to his mother. His parents went to therapy for the first three months of getting back together. His mother was still doing well and she was keeping the repair shop on track by working in the office. They seemed happy and Ford no longer had to worry about his dad. The man hadn't picked up a single drink since the first week she came home. It was progress for both of them. "They're goin' to get lost. I just know it."

"Would you stop worrying. Everything is going to be fine."

Like I had promised, his parents were waiting for us in the parking lot. Thanks to me, his mom had highlighted her hair and wore a beautiful dress that my mom and I helped her pick out. This was a special night for all of us. Ford had not only been with my dad's company for six months, but he was being promoted already, and it wasn't because he was my boyfriend.

My father had given him a chance and Ford took it and ran with it. In six months he had turned the new division into something so profitable that my dad was on cloud nine. They worked great together and Ford's leadership skills had not only impressed my father, but made him create a job specifically for him.

As for me, well, I was still tiddling with college. I'd cut my classes back and changed my major. Nothing seemed appealing to me and I was sure I didn't want to work alongside of my dad or Ford.

Since we'd gotten our apartment when Ford wasn't making much, he never pressed me to get a job. He made plenty now and banked almost half. He'd even talked about buying a house in a year or two.

As we entered into the fancy restaurant, I saw my father waving us over. My mom sat beside him and she was all smiles.

After we all sat down and admired the slew of people around us, my father stood up and tapped on his glass. "Can I have everyone's attention please?" He held up his glass. "I'd like to make a toast to the new Vice President of the international division. Mr. Cooper has proven that his leadership skills and keen eye for business could take this company to new heights. Thanks for all of your hard work, Ford."

Ford stood up and shook my dad's hand while everyone started applauding. I was so proud of him and could tell he was overwhelmed. When he sat back down, all eyes were still on him. "This ain't uncomfortable at all," he said sarcastically.

I patted him on the leg. "Pretend it's just us."

He gave me a funny look and got close to my ear. "If I did that, I'd be sitting here with a hard dick, tellin' you to bend over."

I tried not to smile, but it was so inappropriate that I couldn't help myself. Then all eyes were on both of us. I smiled and tried to play off my red face. "When we get home, you are so cut off!" I whispered.

He ran his hand up my thigh. "We'll see about that, darlin'."

