Chapter 1

Parker

"Chug, Chug, Chug, Chug," my frat brothers were yelling as I competed in drinking the boot filled with warm beer. It wasn't my best moment of the night, but it sure as hell beat being considered a pu**y on my own stomping grounds. I'd set out to stay sober all night, on account of promising my girlfriend that I'd behave. That all went to shit once I felt the pressure of impressing my peers.

I wouldn't consider myself a follower by any means, but there was a different kind of gratification when I entertained the people around me. Seeing as my fraternity brothers were the only family communicating with me, at the moment, I never wanted to disappoint them.

That could only mean that with their bad influences, I'd be left to argue with my pissed off girlfriend in the morning. Somehow I'd come up with a convoluted excuse to wean my way back into her good graces. After all, Cameron wasn't just the prettiest girl on campus. She was also the most kindhearted.

Still, there were several occasions where her pristine past reminded me just how much I didn't deserve a girl like her. In some ways I think loving her makes me want to be a better person. Anything would be better than the man I saw when I looked into the mirror each morning. I'm not talking about the blonde headed, handsome gentleman, with kind blue eyes. I'm talking about the evil part of me that I wished wasn't there; the one who had lost the respect of his family, and kept secrets from the woman he was in love with.

I finished the beer and threw my hands high in the air, celebrating my victory amongst a room full of belligerent college acquaintances. Sure, some I knew better than others, but we were all there for the same purpose. We came to unwind, and forget about everything else in our lives that we'd been stressing about. We wanted to feel free if only for one night out of many.

Four shots later I could hardly recall being dragged to my room. Even as my face landed over my pillow, I never even flinched. I rolled over, still fully clothed, and watched the room spinning around me. My bedroom door shut as I began to laugh in hysterics at my predicament. It was only a matter of time before the alcohol showed it's pretty little face, leaving me to spend the rest of the night on the cold, hard porcelain bathroom floor. My immediate fate was already determined as the first sign of a belch occurred. It never failed, or maybe I should say that I never learned. I'd mix my drinks, and be up all night hurling.

My alarm sounded at six. With my eyes still caked shut with morning gook, I felt for the tiny device that blared the loud volume. After knocking it off the nightstand, I managed to locate it and tug the plug out of the wall. The room was silent as I sat up and looked around, noticing that I was still wearing a pair of shoes, and jeans. My shirt was bunched up on the floor. When I went to pick it up to put it back over my head, I spotted a large pile of vomit on the floor. Realizing that I was the only person that was going to clean the mess up, I fell back down on the bed and silently cursed at myself. I'd been up for less than five minutes, and already my day was ruined.

Twenty minutes later my phone was vibrating off the nightstand. I was surprised that it hadn't died overnight from not being charged. There was no need to check to see who the caller was. She always rang me to make sure that I was up and ready to meet her in the cafeteria for breakfast, when she hadn't spent the night with me. Everyday was the same monotonous routine. At breakfast we'd discuss our plans for after classes. Cameron would then proceed to lecture me on how not to act when I was around my friends. When I'd get pissed at her, she'd give me the silent treatment, which included cutting me off sexually, until I finally caved.

I supposed that this was common for relationships with people our age. We wanted to settle down and have meaning, but instead fought with the simple fact that we were still finding ourselves, and forging toward our separate wants and needs. One could either succumb to growing alongside their partner, or call it quits instead of doing a little bit of work.

I think when things got bad between us I still kept Cameron around because, at the end of the day, I didn't have anyone else. She was there when my family pretty much disowned me. Though I couldn't tell her the real reason, she's already speculated on various ideas. For the most part I'd told her a lie about interfering in my brother's relationship, stating that his now wife had cheated on him. I told her that the family hated me for being honest.

The only thing honest about that was the fact that I had a brother, who in turn had a wife. Ashley had never cheated on Shayne. The lie had nothing to do with fidelity.

The real truth was that before she and my brother got together, we'd had a one-night stand that left her pregnant with twins; twins that I wanted her to abort.

I know that makes me sound like a total ass**le, but I had legitimate reasons for feeling the way I did.

That one drunken night could have ruined my chances at becoming something. It didn't help that my brother took the blame and ended up falling in love with the chick. He thought he was helping me, but instead had only made my life more difficult. I had to see her, and face him.

When the time came to finally reveal the truth, I forged ahead, trying to free my brother and myself of any kind of responsibilities. She had the help of her family, who wanted nothing more than to get my brother out of her life.

I had no idea how involved the two of them were; or the fact that their love was so real. At the time I didn't even know that kind of love was possible. Then I witnessed firsthand what my brother went through after the twins were born, and when Ashley suffered from the aneurism. I watched the man that I'd always looked up to struggle with everything he believed just to be able to keep those kids. I'd already signed over parental rights giving him the opportunity to be their father, but only the family knew the truth.

My parents did everything they could to get Shayne to change his mind. He spent so many countless hours at her bedside, praying that she'd one day come back to him. Just when we'd all lost hope, it actually happened. While my brother celebrated with his new family, I was basically shunned. My parents lost all respect for me, and the measures that I took to ruin things for Ashley. They acted like I'd had some kind of vendetta against her.

I'd never felt so abandoned than the first time I faced my dad. One look in his eyes let me know that I was no longer the kid he was so proud of. I'd destroyed our relationship, and the trust we'd always shared. With little hope of making things right, I turned to football, and the welcoming arms of Cameron. She may not have known the truth, or the fact that I was the world's biggest ass**le, but she knew that I was struggling, which in turn made her want to fix me.

I didn't just love her for taking care of me. She held many qualities that kept me wanting more. Cameron has long blonde hair that hangs halfway down her back. Her gray-green eyes sparkled in the summer sun, and those full lips of hers kissed me like no other female ever had. Day after day I was in awe of her. The looks weren't where my attraction ended though. She had a way with words, and held herself like every aspiring attorney would. Her wits made her deadly when it came to arguments, and she pretty much knew everything about everything. I'm not just bragging about her smarts either. When she was growing up her rich daddy sent her to the best of schools. Instead of making friends she studied her ass off, just to be able to follow in her father's footsteps. His law firm was well known in Pennsylvania, and with little effort she'd be set with a career alongside of him and her mother.

When we first started dating he freaked out. The last thing he wanted was for his daughter to fall in love with some jock. He'd basically played out her future in his head, and a boyfriend wasn't in the plan.

I met Cameron on the first day of our freshman year in college. She was stopped in the middle of a crowded corridor, looking down at a schedule and map. Someone bumped into her arm that was holding her books, sending them falling to the ground. Flustered, she dropped to the floor, desperate to pick them all up before stomping feet ruined them.

I bent down and started picking them up even before our eyes met for the first time. It was a good thing I hadn't looked at her first, because I probably wouldn't have been able to focus on helping her.

That very first smile I got from her captivated me. She was stunning, naturally, without makeup. Unlike the other girls on campus, Cameron didn't care about dolling herself up for classes, which I soon learned because she was only there to learn, while some of us wanted the whole experience.

It took me a couple months to convince her to give me a chance, and even longer to open up and admit that she wanted more out of life than just wasting away in a library for the next however many years she had to go to school.

Our first kiss was in that very library, and from that moment on I knew she was going to be impossible to let go of.

My phone kept blowing up, so I finally came back to reality and decided to answer it. With my best innocent voice I acknowledged her. "Good morning, dear. How's my beautiful girlfriend today?"

"Don't give me that charm this morning, Parker Hutchinson. Your face is all over the Internet this morning. Do you have any idea what my parents would say if they knew that my boyfriend was busy doing keg stands when he was supposed to be studying for finals? This is exactly the kind of actions that makes them so judgmental regarding our relationship."

"Come on, Cam. I was just unwinding. It's no big deal." How was I to know that people would take pictures? I mean, sure, everyone had a camera, but I hadn't given them permission.

"When one unwinds, they don't purposely make a mockery of themselves in public. What is this type of activity gaining you?"

"Please don't be my mother this early in the morning." I got that she'd been raised a certain way, but this was annoying as shit to me. I didn't need a mom. I needed a companion. The fact that she drilled me about right and wrong was so exasperating. "Cam, I love you. I'm sorry that I let things get out of hand last night. Maybe if you would have taken a break from that library and come with me, for just a couple of hours, none of this would have happened."

"Maybe if you didn't feel the need to join that frat house none of this would have happened. Did you really think you'd gain something worthwhile out of that place? It's filled with losers that party away their futures."

"Not everyone can be on the dean's list, babe. Besides, it was one party. Pretty soon once I get my room you'll be able to spend the night. Calm down. I'll meet you for breakfast in a few minutes."

The line was quiet for a minute. "Cam, are you still there?"

"Do I really nag you?" Her voice sounded conflicted.

"It's fine. I think it's cute," I lied.

"Just please be more careful, that's all I'm bothered about. You have potential to be great. Someday we're all going to be watching you on television throwing that ball across a field. Little parties could end that for you, and I'd hate to see that happen. I love you, Parker. I'm only thinking of our future together."

It made me smile, even though my head was pounding. Picturing myself with Cameron in the future was easy. Making it happen was a whole different kind of ballgame.

Chapter 2

Cameron

Unlike my boyfriend, I awoke to my cell phone making a dinging sound over and over all night long. I'd been tagged in several photos while Parker was at the party, suspending himself upside down to guzzle beers, and act like a moron. For so many reasons I should have dumped him a long time ago, when he'd made the decision to act like all of the other meatheads on campus.

There was a time when I saw him as the most charming guy I'd ever met. In all honesty, he was one of the only males that had ever looked my way. I supposed for lack of better judgment, I was immediately captivated by his interest; although, the days of him trying to impress me were in the past. Now I spent most of my free time trying to push some sense into his incredibly shrinking medulla oblongata.

Opposite from my boyfriend, I was raised with the knowledge of what I was going to be, and how I was to achieve it. My parents instilled me early on with the provisions that would enable me to excel.

I didn't have a normal kind of childhood, per se. For as long as I could remember I'd been tutored on the weekends, instead of being able to run free and play like the other kids. It was okay for a while, since we lived on ten acres in a waterfront estate. Our property was too large for me to notice the kids playing next door, or hearing their laughter when they were having fun.

My fun time was going into my secret hideout underneath our back staircase with a good book. It wasn't exactly a secret, since my parents had a contractor come in and install carpet, lighting, and bookshelves inside for me. I think I read Little Women at the age of five, and the Secret Garden sometime after that. I'd also found my dad's stash of his favorites, including the Hardy Boys, Nancy Drew, and Sherlock Holmes. While other children were just beginning elementary school, I was learning how to become a sleuth, who solved the most heinous of crimes - in a young girl's mind, of course. For Christmas one year I actually wrote a list for Santa that included a pipe, trench coat, and gentlemen's hat. It was that same year when I learned that Santa was a made up character.

So, no. I never got that pipe, jacket, or hat.

My childhood wasn't all work and no play. The maids and my nanny would sneak in fun time, with tag, or hide and go seek, albeit that's as far as it went.

When I was ten my father opened his own firm, and spent lots of time away from the house. My mother, who is also a lawyer, had to be at his side. They sent me to boarding school in New York. At first I was petrified. You can imagine how reluctant I was to leave the only place I'd ever called home. Much to my displeasure, the conditions were far from what I was used to. I'd never been around so many girls my age before and honestly didn't grasp how to act. I'd studied etiquette from a bunch of adults, and couldn't comprehend that I'd seem stuck up to all the other children. They loathed me immediately, eschewing me from their little clicks. I supposed it was an effective consequence. It enabled me to remain focused on my goals. One day I knew I'd be a lawyer, who would take possession of the family firm.

I didn't return home permanently until I reached the age of seventeen. For my senior year I was sent to an all girls catholic school locally in Pennsylvania. Just like my first year at boarding school, I was the outcast. My GPA was well above normal, and with little effort I breezed through their curriculum.

One of the books that were on the syllabus I'd read when I was around nine. I liked it so much that I perused through it until the spine started to wither away. In my honest opinion I believe that I knew more about it than the teacher herself.

By the time I graduated in the top of my class with honors I'd already been accepted to several colleges. My plans were obvious - prelaw, and then on to Harvard. I knew the drill, as it had been the topic of many dinner conversations at home.

That was all altered when my mother was diagnosed with lymphoma. They immediately started a vigorous treatment, making her extremely ill. With the firm doing so well it was incomprehensible for my father to be at home often.

As reluctant as I was to offer, I'd settled to make the decision to stay local until she was recovered. My father was not contented with my deferring our plans, but he loved my mother enough to know that it was the appropriate resolve.

Even with my abnormal upbringing, one thing remained in my family. We loved each other, and this was something that could rip us all apart.

My mother had treatment once a week at the local hospital near the campus during my freshman year. I made sure not to have classes on that particular day. Her driver would bring her, and I'd sit with her the entire time.

As opposed to telling her about my new boyfriend, we'd run out of conversations quickly. It was enlightening to see a spark in my mom's eyes as I explained my relationship with Parker. For the first time in my life I could convey that perhaps her beliefs weren't all the same as my father's.

With IV's stuck in her hand, she reached over and put her palm over mine. Through her pain, she smiled, speaking softly. "If I'm going to die from this, I want to see my daughter happy."

Right away I knew I had to be optimistic. "Mom, please don't say that. You're going to be fine. You've got the best oncologist in the state. He studied at Hopkins."

Her eyes were painstaking. "The odds are against me, Cameron. We all know it. This strain is too advanced."

I had to turn away as my eyes filled with warm fluid. It burned as I fought for it to go away. The idea of losing this woman, especially when she was so acceptant to it happening was beyond heart wrenching. This was my mother; the one who I'd missed out on so many years with. I needed her.

She went into remission in the beginning of my sophomore year, exactly around the time when I'd been with Parker for a whole three hundred and sixty five days. We celebrated our anniversary in Boston, watching the Phillies take on the Red Sox. It wasn't exactly romantic until afterwards, when Parker took me to Salem, giving me a tour that included the purchase of a magic wand. Since Harry Potter were the only books Parker had ever enjoyed, I was inclined to read them all, this beginning my love for magic. He'd gone into a store while I waited outside. When he came out, he dropped down on his knee, and presented me with a fancy leather box, in which he opened up revealing the wand. Knowing about my lack of childhood, he knew how much I'd love it. "I present to you, my love, your first wand. Now, this particular wand is very powerful. It inhibits many magical qualities. Use caution when operatin' it, unless of course you want to influence my grades positively this semester." There it was...the sense of humor that made me crazy for him.

I knew it was just a silly magic wand, but it meant everything to me. I'd gotten plenty of jewelry and fancy gifts growing up, but nothing so sentimental. Parker knew what I needed, and the fact that he was giving it to me only reminded me how much I'd fallen in love with him.

Just imagining that brought me back to our current conversation.

"Parker, what am I going to do with you?"

"As long as you still love me, we'll figure it out." His southern drawl sometimes gave me chills.

"Of course I love you. I just wish you'd grow up a little and be more responsible. I can't keep watching you make such juvenile mistakes." I knew I sounded like a nag, but looking at him from my point of view only made it obvious he was barking up the wrong tree for friends. I suppose it was easier for me since I never had any myself. Parker was an overachiever in that department. He had more friends than he could probably count. Where I excelled in being educated, he outrivaled me with social skills. I think together that's one of the reasons we meshed so well together. Parker was everything that I'd never been.

It seemed like everything in our lives was the exact opposite. Parker wanted to get done with college and become a famous football player, while I would be working my ass off in a courtroom. He had a slew of friends. I felt all right with being a loner. I had an admirable relationship with my parents, as Parker struggled with his. We'd been together now for over two years, and I'd watched his relationship with his family crumble, while mine prospered. Even though he wouldn't speak about it much, I could sense that it was difficult for him. Since family was all I ever had, it was important for me to help him see that he needed them. I didn't know how I was going to approach it, but my determination would enable it to happen. When I put my mind to it, there was nothing that I couldn't resolve. That's why I knew that I'd be a great attorney one day. My ambition to succeed was my drive. No matter what obstacles came my way I'd face them head on and seek out the best resolution.

I was going to aid my boyfriend in getting back what he'd pushed away, because at the end of the day I knew it was important to him. I know I nagged him too much at times, but it was only because I knew he could be better. He didn't have to stoop to everyone else's immature levels to be accepted. Parker was handsome, strong, and above all a good man. It didn't take a genius to see that. Since he was the only man I'd ever loved, it was important to me to keep him around. It wasn't just a law degree that I aspired for any longer. A part of me longed to know what it was like to be married and have a family.

Chapter 3

Parker

Feeling like I was going to be punished like a child, I persevered to the cafeteria to meet my girlfriend. She greeted me with a quick kiss on the cheek before sitting down in front of her large tray of breakfast essentials. Of course, the food was mostly for me, since she usually only ate a piece of fruit, and a yogurt.

I dug right into my egg and bacon sandwich, praying that it had enough grease to relieve my ever-growing hangover. I closed my eyes as I chewed, making a moaning sound before swallowing. "This tastes fantastic."

"Apparently. So, have you gone in and untagged yourself from all of the photos yet?"

I put my hand down on her leg under the table. "Cam, can I enjoy my breakfast before you get on me about pictures that I had no knowledge of? Please?"

I wasn't angry with her. The last thing I wanted was to give her father another reason to hate me. Apparently my hopes of being a professional football player were juvenile. Since it was all I ever wanted I didn't see a problem with it. I worked hard to keep my GPA afloat, and spent all the rest of my time training to be the best athlete possible. I think since the whole falling out with my family I'd been even more focused. Several major league scouts had come to watch me play, and I was sure that in no time I'd be selected for at least a minor league contract to start with.

Cameron's father still disapproved. Being married to a lawyer himself, I understood exactly what he wanted for his daughter; everything that I wasn't.

She spooned another bite of yogurt in between those supple lips. "Don't forget that we're going to your sister's baby shower this weekend coming up. I've already ordered her the cutest gift."

"I won't forget." Peyton wasn't just my sister. She was my twin, who was pregnant with her first child. As reluctant as we all were to accept her boyfriend in her life, he'd done everything he could to prove that he was worthy. At any rate, Peyton's happiness was all that mattered to me. For so long she'd run around with the wrong crowds, sleeping with random guys at parties, and probably doing worse. There were just some things that I refused to ask about. Jamey had stopped all of that anyway, and although their relationship began very rocky, it was apparent they'd both grown up. I don't know if I'd say they were ready to be parents, but we couldn't plan out our perfect futures without obstacles.

My sister's shower was to be held at my father's shop. I think my brother Shayne had offered, but they'd changed their minds when they figured I'd be joining them. I can't say I didn't blame him for keeping me as far away as possible. Every time I saw those twins it was like a kick to my heart. I knew that I'd fathered them in that one drunken night. Nothing could change that. I was content to sign over parental rights, and get on with my life. What I hadn't bargained on was my brother stepping up and taking full responsibility for them, raising them as his own. Not only did I have to see them, but his wife that I'd obviously slept with.

The worst part of it all was the fact that my entire family knew the truth. How awkward was it for me to bring my clueless girlfriend into the mix and pretend that everything wasn't so f**ked up?

I thought about playing the sick card, opting out of traveling with some lame ass excuse. Cameron liked nothing more than to be able to take care of me in my time of need, but knowing about the secret only reminded me that she wouldn't approve. Hiding something so powerful would send her packing, and I'd lose the only part of my heart that was left.

"Are we able to stay at your parents? I could always message your sister and make up a story that we're in town."

I tried to smile. "It's fine. I already called Pey to tell her we were coming for a visit. She probably already knows about the shower anyway. It's not like any of them are good with secrets." I almost choked on those words. It couldn't have been further from the truth in my case. "We'll leave after class on Friday, grab a late lunch, and be there in time to help with dinner. I think she said somethin' about cookin' on the grill."

"That sounds like you have everything planned out. Good for you."

I swallowed another lump of my grease sandwich. "I'm a work in progress, baby."

She rolled her eyes and giggled. "That you are." Her hand extended, reaching up to wipe something that was apparently stuck to my chin. Our eyes met and I smiled back at her. "One day I'll teach you how to get all of your food in your mouth, instead of all over your face."

"I was savin' that for later," I teased.

"You're sick." She started to get up from her seat. I held onto her arm and pulled her back down to sit next to me.

"Wait. You've got a little somethin' on your face." I didn't wait for her permission to lean in and kiss the side of her lips. Her eyes closed immediately, and I knew without a doubt that she wasn't going to fight me. "There, I think I got it all."

As I pulled away I noticed her cheeks had blushed. "That was smooth, but inexplicably obvious, Parker."

I lifted her chin and planted a kiss directly over her lips. "I wasn't tryin' to hide anything." With a quick wink I stood up and grabbed her book bag off the table. She followed my lead and we started on our way to our first classes. Each day I would walk her to hers, and then head over to mine. We'd hold hands, and talk about what we're doing afterwards. It had become almost habitual.

Once we stood in front of her first class, I leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. "I'll see you later, beautiful."

She cocked her head to the side, and I appreciated that after dating for more than two years she still got giddy over things I said to her. "Okay."

"I hate when you have to go, but that ass is sure nice to watch walking away." Some random guy held up his hand and high-fived me after I'd said it. Cameron turned around and shook her head. Deep down she enjoyed my sense of humor, whether she'd admit it or not. Besides, it wasn't like I was lying. I'd seen that fine piece of ass naked, and it was most definitely a blessed attribute.

Friday came sooner than I would have wanted. While Cameron yapped in the passenger seat next to me, I drove her Mercedes to Maryland. Sure, it was nice to be able to flaunt to people that my girlfriend came from money, but it was most definitely not why we were together. I hadn't even become aware of her parent's wealth until we'd been together for months. By that time I was too head over heels for her to even care what that could mean for my future. Besides, I'd never been raised to seek out some kind of assistance from someone with money. Sure, if I needed a good attorney I knew who to call, and probably wouldn't have to pay a dime, but that's as far as it went.

Cameron's dad didn't like me. It was no secret. If he had it his way he'd make sure his daughter wore a chastity belt until she was made partner of the firm. Fortunately for me, she willingly gave me her body with no regard for his set of plans for her. When we were together it was apparent that I became her number one, which left him to be pushed aside. No man of power would accept that his little girl had replaced him. It also didn't help that I was not an aspiring lawyer, but instead a football player, with no real goals except for that. It wasn't surprising that he lacked enthusiasm when it came to me. It was also not surprising that he took every opportunity to pull me to the side and let me know I was just a temporary fix in his daughter's life.

Needless to say he was wrong.

I wasn't just some college kid trying to get into his daughter's pants. I wasn't after her for the resources that her family held. I sure as hell wasn't in it for any other convoluted reasons. I was with her because I loved her. We were together, because we loved each other.

End of story.

Except it wasn't the end of the story; of our story. I was prepared to fight with that man until he knew for certain that she was my future. I knew, feeling it deep inside of my bones. Nothing anyone could say or do would ever change the way I felt about her, and I'd be damned if my stature in life was judged by how much money I made.

Just thinking about it made me grip the steering wheel extra hard. That man got under my skin even when he wasn't trying.

Cameron got my attention when she nestled her head against my arm. "Are you still with me? I've been saying your name for the past minute."

"Yeah, sorry. I was just thinking about your dad."

"I told you he didn't say anything about the photos that we were tagged in. He has no idea. I don't even think he checks that page anymore."

I turned to look at her before bringing my eyes back to the open road we were driving on. "That's just it, Cam. You're an adult, and he keeps you on some leash like you're a child. He's got your education hanging over your head, like he can take it away at any second. The man treats me like shit because I'm followin' my dreams, but yet he can't let his own daughter live her life."

"What are you talking about?" I could tell this was out of nowhere, and I hated myself for bringing it up, but with the impending weekend planned with my estranged family, it was all coming full circle for me.

"I'm sorry, babe. Forget I said anything."

Cameron fidgeted in her seat before responding. "Parker, this isn't about me at all. It's about you. I'm terrible with reading people, and even I can see that you're freaking out over being around your family. I don't get it. All you did was tell the truth. How could they shut you out and make you feel like an outsider for doing the right thing? Do they all just lack some kind of compassion? Are acts of kindness over sighted in your family?"

I wished that I could explain to her why they lost respect for me, but it was never going to happen. Cameron was never going to find out that I was the real father of my brother's twins, or that I'd done everything in my power to have those children aborted before they were born. She'd see me as a cold-hearted snake; something I'd never be willing to let her view me as.

"Can we just drop it? I'm sorry for zonin' out, but it ain't about my family. We were clearly invited to attend the shower, and everyone will get along. There's nothin' goin' on that you don't know about. To be perfectly honest I was thinkin' about how to convince your family that I wasn't a piece of shit. You'd think after more than two years they'd see that I was serious about being with their daughter, but nothin's changed. I'll never be good enough in their eyes."

"Are we really going to do this right now? Honestly, I don't care what they think. You're my boyfriend, not theirs. The choice is mine to make."

"The same could be said about your career choice, you know?"

I'd hit a sensitive spot. She froze. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"It means that you don't have to be a lawyer. You don't have to go to Harvard, spending the next eight years or so behind books. We could get married when we graduate, and start a family. When I make it big we'll travel to all of my games as a couple. Can't you just see it?"

"Don't do this, Parker. I'm not in the mood. The last time you tried this it ended badly. How about we focus on our visit, and not this madness. I'm going to Harvard, and I'll be an attorney, because it's all I've ever wanted."

I didn't believe her.

What I believed is that my brilliant girlfriend had been brainwashed since birth into only one scenario. She'd follow in her parent's footsteps, without fail. She didn't even know what real love from a parent felt like. It was sad.

This visit with my family was making me a little crazy, but it was also reminding me of all the things that I still had left to lose.

Somehow, someway, I'd regain respect from my family, and prove to my girlfriend's parents that there was more to me than just a football player.

Chapter 4

Cameron

Even though Parker wasn't too keen on the visit, I was excited to be around his sister and the rest of his family again. It was important for me to figure out why they continued to push Parker away, when I knew for so long he was like a prodigy to them. His skill on the football field was so natural. I'd overheard people talking about the way he maneuvered his body around, and how they hadn't seen it in anyone else in many years. That alone was something to be proud of.

I think sometimes Parker didn't think about the fact that I was an only child, or perhaps he just assumed that I liked it being that way. Contrary to those beliefs, whatever they were, I hated it. Perhaps if I had a sibling I would have had someone to confide in. Maybe if I had a sister I could have learned how to act around someone my age. I would have known what it was like to play with a child in my own home. It would have been nice to share that kind of bond with someone. What kid wants their parents and household help to be her only friends?

I wasn't trying to make myself seem pathetic. God knows I've lived a very comfortable life. My family was prosperous and I've never wanted for anything. Well, not until I fell in love with Parker Hutchinson. Once I knew what that felt like everything changed. I went from thinking I had it all, to realizing that I never had what I really needed.

I knew we were still young, and that life could throw us curveballs at any moment, but in my heart I felt like Parker was the one. I felt like there was no other man that I wanted to be with.

Jamey and Peyton were a cute couple to me. Sure, they argued from time to time about stupid stuff, but they never went to bed angry. I'd like to think that Parker and I lived by that same code. With him being on edge, I kept quiet when we pulled into the driveway behind his sister's car.

When it came to his family, and the plans they made, Parker always kept me out of the loop. I went wherever he took us, and was always on my best behavior. For the most part I think they all liked me. I used manners, and did my best to help out with whatever they were doing. That included clearing a table or doing the dishes.

Instead of getting right out of the car he sat there, pressing his head into the steering wheel. "I'm not ready to go inside yet."

"I wish you'd tell me why, Parker. I love you. I wouldn't be mad, no matter what it was. I'm sure this is all going to blow over, if it hasn't already."

"You don't know shit!" He snapped. I was so shocked that I put my hands up to my face, as if I was trying to hide my reaction.

Parker's shoulders sagged, and he immediately reached out for me. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean -."

"Forget about it." I climbed out of the car before we had another argument that would lead to no resolution.

Once I grabbed my bags out of the backseat, I headed for Peyton's front door, while Parker followed behind. I knocked before he could say anything, but I could tell he felt bad. It didn't matter. The way he was acting was only confirming the fact that he had to be hiding something. I clearly didn't know the whole truth to what was going on with him.

Unfortunately, since I was an outsider, I refused to push him about it until we got home. If I couldn't get the truth out of his sister during our visit, I'd just have to wait until we were back at college.

Jamey opened the door before I could knock. He had his phone against his ear while waving us inside with his free hand. Peyton whipped around the corner with her arms spread wide. "I'm so glad y'all are here." I'd met her a few times, but not enough to consider her my BFF. Sure, that was probably partly my fault, considering that I had no social skills to even begin to know how to handle someone as high-strung as she was.

The last time we'd been around them, which was the last time we'd come to visit, I got along with Jamey better. He was quiet around crowds, and I could tell that he still didn't feel comfortable around their family.

Parker had explained that it was because of their past, but still. They were expecting a child, and living together. Didn't there come a time and place where people put aside their differences and got along? That's how it was in books. Certainly it's how it should have been in real life.

At any rate, I did my best to smile and hug her back, pretending that I knew exactly what she was going through. I spotted her friend, Wayne, walking out of the small kitchen. Following behind him was his daughter, Abigail. Her hair was in pigtails. Now Wayne was fun to converse with. Our love of books always gave us something to talk about. It was funny how I wasn't attracted to him at all, when I probably should have favored him over Parker, for our common interests at least.

Wayne seemed like a wonderful guy. He'd lost his wife, from what Peyton told me, and I admired how much he adored his daughter. It is a tragedy to lose a part of your family, but I sure was glad that little girl had a dad who thought she was a little princess. Had that been me, my father would have let the help raise me. It disgusted me to even think about it.

While trying to avoid the fact that Parker and I were having some kind of silent tiff with each other, I spent the next hour helping Peyton get organized. I honestly don't know why she was even worried to begin with. The party was supposed to be at her brother's house, but was changed to another location at the last minute, and according to Jamey, Peyton wasn't even supposed to know about it. Apparently she saw her invitation at the diner when she'd gone to visit Jamey one day. He made her promise not to spoil the fun, but it didn't stop her from making sure that they brought food. She'd been told it was a cookout, so naturally they would have been expected to bring some kind of dish or dessert. Peyton was going all crazy with it.

She insisted that Jamey make all these crazy things that she'd seen on the internet. When he refused to get involved, knowing the repercussions of spilling the beans, she insisted on doing it all herself.

By the end of the night she was so exhausted that she fell asleep at the kitchen table. After he took several comical pictures of it, Jamey picked her up and carried her to their bedroom. He came out only to make sure that Parker and I had everything we needed before he retreated to bed himself.

I went into the guest room first, changed into my pajamas, and then brushed my teeth. When I climbed into bed Parker walked into the room. He said nothing as he pulled off his shirt and climbed in beside me.

Since we always had to sneak to spend the night together, on account of dorm curfews, I appreciated the time we were away and could be together. "It's always so fun being around you and Peyton. Sometimes I forget that you're twins."

He held me close against his chest. "That must be nice."

"Parker, don't say that. She loves you."

"I don't mean it in a bad way. I'd do anything for my sister, it's just that all of our lives we've had to share things."

"Like attention?" It was very obvious that he longed for acceptance. Perhaps it had come from years of never being able to be the only child. Though, that still wouldn't have been the case since he had an older brother as well.

"Not that. Never mind. It's not even important. Why don't you take off those panties, so we can stop talkin', and start gettin' busy?"

I giggled and reached my lips up to him. "How do you know I want you like that? I might be too tired to commit to ten minutes of sex."

He laughed at my choice of words. "Woman, you want some. You're always the one askin' for it. Now's your chance. Stand up and show me what's under that t-shirt."

Feeling a bit of arousal in the way he presented it, I did as I was told, standing up over top of him and lifting my shirt over my head. My free br**sts stood at attention as I shimmied down my panties, tossing them in Parker's face. He put them over his head like a hat before placing both of his arms behind his head. His interest in my naked body only fueled me to have the courage to start swaying my body around. I drug my finger over my lips, letting my tongue coarse over it, and then rubbed the wet saliva over one of my ni**les. "How's this? Does it make you want to f**k me?"

His face seemed focused, but he refused to smile. "Turn around and show me what else you're hiding from me, Cam."

I did as he ordered, turning around and giving my ass a little shake. I heard a low grumble coming from him, and knew without even turning back to look, that he was turned on. I used my toe to rub over his growing erection in his shorts.

"Bend over, baby. I want to see that pu**y up in my face."

The more he talked the more I wanted him. It was crazy how he could change the subject, and leave me begging for his attention.

I bent over slowly, rubbing the skin on both of my ass cheeks. While staring at his legs, I felt his warm hands running up the back of my legs. His lips kissed the skin on the inside of my thigh, before his fingers drug over my pu**y. I closed my eyes, still bent over waiting for him to do it again. He slapped it lightly. "Let's get you excited. You like that, don't you?"

I placed my hands over his legs to keep my balance. "Yes. Use your fingers. Feel how bad I want you."

Parker wasted no time driving two fingers in between the lips of my pu**y. I heard him moan when he discovered my eagerness. Swiftly, he spun me around, pulling me down on top of him. "You're going to ride the f**k out of me, aren't you?" He rubbed my clit with force, making my body already want to contract. I hungrily lunged my lips down, stealing a kiss while my hips found that magic spot.

I could sense the burning desire taking over my senses, leading me to do and say things that I'd been taught were dirty. Being with Parker wasn't like the way the characters in all of my books had made love. Our sex was adulterated, mixed with a privation for satisfaction. I didn't just yearn for his affection, or want to become one with him. I wanted to feel so satiated that it was almost like I'd left my body for a few moments in time. I needed to feel like the world had stopped spinning while I succumbed to this man.

He continued rubbing my clit, while I took a firm hold of his rock hard erection and let it glide inside of my channel. My pu**y reacted immediately, contracting against his girth. The ecstasy we shared could be felt in every kiss, in each movement of our hands, and in the way we connected, both physically and mentally. We may have been young, but Parker gave me that kind of thrilling overture, again and again. Every time we came together like this, it was as if nothing else in the world existed. I wasn't fighting with myself regarding my ambitions. I wasn't worried about my father's aspiring dreams for me. These moments were for the two of us alone. My life may have been set in stone, but every so often, at times like these, they didn't seem to matter.

We came together, losing ourselves in a moment of elapsed bliss.

Then there was a knock on the bedroom door. "Can you two f**kers keep it down in there? Stop rubbin' it in."

We both laughed at Jamey's request. Peyton had told us that she was having trouble, and the doctor asked them to take a break from intercourse. I would have thought she'd be uncomfortable doing it anyway, but I guess I'd been wrong.

"Sucks to be you, dude." Parker laughed and pulled me in for a kiss after making his snarky comment to the unfortunate guy standing outside of the room. While in his arms I knew I'd soon fall fast asleep, content with my life and the future that we were going to have together.

Chapter 5

Parker

I laid in bed watching her sleeping next to me. She was so innocent from it all, and in every way I wanted life to stay that way for her. With the looming knowledge that I'd have to spend the whole weekend around my dad, it was difficult to close my eyes and rest. Even with the time that had already passed, we were struggling with our relationship. It pained me to not be able to tell Cameron, but I was also okay with her never knowing. I knew our future together depended on it, and when we were at school it was easy to accomplish. When I was at home it was a different story.

The next morning I woke up to an empty bed. I could hear Cameron and my sister gabbing in the living room as I climbed out of the warm covers and made my way to the bathroom. They both smiled when I passed by, but waited for me to finish up before greeting me.

"Good morning, lazy."

I scratched my head and walked in the room toward them. "Sorry. I didn't sleep much last night."

"You'd think that after all that bangin' you'd be knocked out pretty quick. Cameron must have been doin' all the hard work." My sister and Cam began to giggle, while I made a beeline for the kitchen. Just as I began pouring the hot liquid into a cup I saw someone pulling in the driveway out the window. Instantly I recognized the business lettering on the door panel of the truck. The honk of the horn caused me to jump, spilling coffee all over the countertop. "Shit."

"Parker, dad's here to pick you up. He called earlier and said he needs your help with somethin'."

I started wiping up the mess. "With what?"

"Well, since I'm not supposed to even know about the party I have no clue. Just go help him. Cameron can ride with us to the shower later on. I'm sure he'll keep you and Shayne busy."

The only thing I heard was that I was going to be spending the whole morning with my brother and my dad, the two people that I resented the most for my poor choices. They were seriously the last human beings on the planet that I wanted to hang around with. "I didn't agree to that shit at all, Pey. Where the hell is mom at?"

"She's working on the cake. Shut up and get dressed. The longer you make him wait the more pissed he'll get." Realizing that my sister was right, I hurried into the guest room and pulled on a pair of jeans, followed with a t-shirt. My father was standing at the front door when I came out from brushing my teeth. "Well look at what the cat drug in. It's good to see you, Dad." I didn't know how good it was, but it sure as hell was the right thing to say to him.

"Good to see you as well, kid. Are you about ready to get going? Your mother has a whole list for us to do today." He put his hand on my shoulder and smiled, but it was nothing like the bear hugs he used to give me.

Just as suspected my father cut out his kind act as soon as we climbed into his truck. I hadn't even buckled my seatbelt before he started on me. "We need to go pick up your brother. I'm telling you right now that I don't want any drama between you two this weekend. This is about your sister. Your mom is already pissed off that she knows about it. Something else just might set her over the edge, and I'm not in the mood to deal with it."

"I have no beef with Shayne, dad. We're cool."

"You say that now, but I've seen you around the twins, Parker. You can fool everyone else, but I know that you lose your shit when you're around them."

"Do we have to talk about this now? I'm tellin' you that it ain't goin' to be a problem. Cam is with me, and she don't need to know what went down with all of that. It's been settled. Shayne's got his family, and that's the end of it."

"One day you're going to regret your decision. What then, Parker?"

It was the same argument as every single time I was around this man. It was as if he wanted me to admit that giving up the twins was a mistake. Still to this day, I didn't regret it. Those kids were being raised by my brother, as his own. He loved them as their father, and that gave me all of the peace that I'd ever look for. It was plainly obvious that I wasn't prepared to be a father. I get that accidents happen and people get through it, but Ashley and I weren't even friends. The only reason she kept that pregnancy at first was because she was trying to pawn them off as someone else's. Had it not been for my brother stepping in there's no telling what she would have done, or even if she would have kept them at all.

I hate to even speculate on it. Ashley had changed so much, and she and my brother had been through Hell and back. They deserved to be the happy family that they were. As much as they all like to think that I was against them, I think I was cheering for them to last more than anyone else. Someday Cameron and I would graduate college, get married, and then have a couple kids. Regardless who planted the seed in Ashley; the twins belonged to my brother. I'd vowed to myself, and to him, that I would never argue that fact, unless something happened to both of them. Shayne's twins would still always be my niece and nephew. I'd love them forever, but not as my own children.

I think that's what was so difficult for my parents to understand. They didn't look at it in my perspective. All they saw was me pushing off my problem on someone else, and letting my brother pick up the pieces. In retrospect I could understand why they felt the way they did, but also knew that my choice was only going to benefit everyone. Mostly, I wanted us all to be a happy family again.

I turned to my father, as sure as I'd ever been about the subject. "They ain't my kids. It's as simple as that. They've got a dad and mom that love them like crazy. Why would I ever want to cause problems?"

"Son, I wish I could tell you the answer to that, but I just can't anymore. Your mother and I still can't wrap our heads around it."

"Well it seems like you're the ones with the problem then. I'm happy, and I'm doin' my best to move forward. Don't you want to get back to the way we were before?"

He was quiet for a second, rolled down the window, and lit up a smoke. "I just expected so much more out of you, maybe out of Shayne, but never you, Parker."

"So you're smokin' again because of me? I'm real glad I could assist you in ruining your health. Is there anything else you want to blame me for?" I hated being sarcastic with my dad, but enough was enough. Anyone would have been frustrated. It had been two years.

They've had two whole years to get over it.

I understood that I was living away at college, and that they had a lot of pent up issues. The thing was, this happened every single time we did visit each other.

It was the same conversation on repeat.

"Listen here, boy. You're lucky you're even sitting in that seat over there. If it wasn't for Shayne your ass wouldn't have been invited at all."

When everything first went down he'd severed ties with me, a lot like he'd done with Shayne in the past. It was all a ploy to make us change our ways. The thing was, after the whole falling out I'd realized more than ever that I'd made the right decision about the twins. My brother was on the birth certificate, and Ashley had a backup with a signed document from me forfeiting my rights, in case the birth certificate ever came into question. They covered all their bases, so the only thing holding onto the past was our parents.

Had my mom been in the truck he wouldn't have pushed me the way he was. My dad always mellowed out when it came to her.

He didn't speak to me until we pulled up in front of Shayne's house.

My brother kissed his wife at the front door and walked out to the truck. I hopped out of the front seat to greet him. We shook hands and hugged at the same time. "What's up, man. Long time no see." Shayne pulled away and looked me right in the eyes. "You look good."

"So do you. Married life must be treatin' you well. It looks like you've picked up some daddy weight." I said it loud enough so that my father would hear. He was probably behind me cringing, or possibly choking on his nicotine stick.

"Yeah, I don't have time for the gym anymore. The kids could live on fries and macaroni, so we have it a lot."

Shayne hopped in the front seat, leaving me to climb in the back. I was grateful, considering that he'd now have to be close to our dad, instead of me.

"How's Cameron? Did you bring her along?" Shayne asked.

"Yeah, she's with Peyton."

"Don't leave them alone too long. She'll get baby fever," Shayne teased.

Our father had started to pull away, but stepped on the brake, jerking our heads. "How is it that the two of you can joke about shit like this? Do either of you see how wrong it is?" He asked.

What was wrong was the fact that he couldn't understand. "Dad... I look at it like this. Say I went to the sperm bank and donated. At some point there would be kids walkin' around with my DNA. That doesn't give me any rights to them, does it?"

"This ain't what happened, Parker. I raised you better than this."

"Ashley may not have gone to the sperm bank, but that's how I see it. It was a drunken night that I barely remember."

"Those are the consequences you get for being reckless. You can't just pass your problems to the next guy in line." I understood his point.

"Look, dad. Nothin' I say is goin' to make you forgive me. Everything turned out for the best."

"He's right. We can sit here and be pissed at Parker, or we can get over it. I know it was a hard road, but I've got two children that call me their daddy. I've got a wife that I'd give my own life for. None of that would have happened if Parker hadn't made that mistake. Can't we just agree that all things happen for a reason?"

I couldn't believe that Shayne was taking up for me, granted he had a point. I suppose it was easier for him and Ashley to look at me that way than as someone who completely f**ked up their lives for a while. No matter how I looked at it, I couldn't seem to find a way to redeem myself for my actions. My parents would never understand, even if I spent the next fifty years proving it.

I knew I didn't deserve it, but I just wanted to be back in their good-graces. I wanted to come around more, and have them visit me like they used to.

For the first time in my life I felt so alone. Sure, I had Cameron, but not the support of my family. It was very difficult.

Chapter 6

Cameron

Since I was left alone with Peyton for a while, I decided that it was as good time to pick her brain about what her brother could be hiding from me. Clearly something else had to have happened for their relationship to become so untethered. She was already dressed for the baby shower, seemingly in a fantastic mood. "Hey, I know it's probably wrong for me to ask, but I'm worried about Parker. Do you know what happened between him and his dad? He used to be so close to him, and now it seems like they barely speak."

She turned her head when she spoke to me. I knew from years of living with two lawyers what to look for as far as body language went. Peyton was about to lie to me. "My dad is a difficult man to deal with, that's all. It ain't nothin' personal. He picks his favorites. It's like he can only have one at a time. For a while it was Parker, because let's face it, he's the one who got the full ride to college. When the hype of that wore off, he focused all his energy on Shayne, and his little family. Now, he's all up my ass. If I were Parker, I'd appreciate the break. My dad can be an overbearin' ass when he wants to be."

It was interesting how easy it was for Peyton to express that to me. If I hadn't known that she was hiding something, I would have believed that she genuinely felt that way about her father. In some ways I secretly wondered if that's exactly how she saw the man.

As unfortunate as that might be, my concern was Parker. Even if his father did have a convoluted way of giving his children attention, it didn't explain the way he'd cut him off. Even his mother was in on it. Deciding that it was best to pretend that I believed her, I dropped the subject.

Later on, once we'd arrived at the party, I was drawn to the way that Parker stayed by my side. I watched his family interacting, seemingly avoiding contact with us. I wasn't any kind of social worker, but this was clearly obvious. The animosity in the room could have been cut with a knife it was so thick. How could everyone pretend that nothing was going on?

Parker kept smiling, and watching them, as if nothing was wrong. It was weird, and I was about to come unhinged if I didn't do something to distract myself. There was one thing that I knew was a surefire way to stay occupied. I walked away from my boyfriend and headed over to where the twins were running around chasing each other. Eli, the little boy, lost his balloon. I watched it float up to the ceiling, before hearing him start to cry. With no regard for who may be watching, I reached up and grabbed the string, returning it to the little guy. He looked up at me with bright blue, wide eyes and smiled. "Tank you."

I bent down to be eye-level with him. "You're welcome, cutie."

He giggled, tilting his head as if he were being shy. "Wanna pay?"

"Do I want to play?" I looked around the room full of people that I barely knew. "Sure. I'd love to play."

Eli took me by the hand, towing his balloon the whole time in his other hand, as he led me into a large room. A bag full of toys was already opened. He grabbed a handful of little characters and handed some to me. After checking behind me, noticing that his sister hadn't followed, I sat down and began to pretend play with the small child.

I'd never babysat before, or even considered what it would be like to connect to a child, but as I sat there beside him I immediately felt something that had never occurred before.

I felt this longing to befriend him; to show him as much attention as I possibly could offer. Perhaps it was all derived from the lack of childhood interactions in my own life, or maybe it was just me having a longing to one day become a parent. At any rate, I was completely mesmerized by this small boy.

A few moments later his mother, Ashley, came into the room. There were certain things that she and I shared in our upbringing. We'd both been raised with a silver spoon, and had also been only children. Although we had other similarities, I'd always been reluctant to bond with her, on account of Parker being so hostile about her. It was yet another unanswered set of questions that left me curious.

"I was wondering where he'd run off to." She sat down in front of me as if we were close friends. "This boy loves to get into things when nobody is lookin'. I'm real glad you came in here with him, otherwise we may have had marker on the walls, or maybe even urine on the carpets." I could tell she was trying to break the ice with small talk, so I went along with it.

As much as I loved my boyfriend, I knew that all of my questions were causing problems between us. Until I could figure things out, I couldn't see me dropping it. "Wow, I guess you really have your hands full."

"It gets hectic, but I wouldn't trade it for the world. It helps that Shayne's such a good father. With all of my medical history I don't know what I would do without him."

I nodded. "Yeah. I've seen how good he is with them."

"You and Parker seem pretty serious. Have you talked about havin' kids?" I smiled when her southern accent came into play. It wasn't strong, but with certain words it was apparent.

I let out a short, air-filled laugh. "We talk about our future, but it's a long time away for us. I've got years of school left, and Parker's only priority is getting into the NFL. There's no time for us to even consider something like that currently."

Ashley leaned over and kissed her son. "Well, when you do decide to take that step, make sure you're ready for sleepless nights, and never havin' the bed to yourself again. There are times when I wonder how women keep birthin' children. My two are hard enough. Have you seen that show where a couple has like twenty kids? That's just insane."

I hadn't seen the show, but it wasn't surprising since I didn't watch television. I had too much studying to do to occupy myself with something irrelevant to my future. At times I sat next to Parker, who enjoyed all sorts of shows, mostly titles that were comedy, instead of real life news. He also spent half of his life tuned to the sports stations, watching highlights of games, and learning about other sport-related news.

"Twenty children sound like madness to me. I'd be happy with two children, after I was made partner at my dad's firm, of course."

Ashley gave me this look, as if what I'd said had rubbed her the wrong way. All I could think about was what Parker had told me about the woman. She had skeletons in her closet that caused a lot of problems for the Hutchinson family. Yet, they'd all seemed to have brushed them under the rug. I couldn't understand why they'd forgive her, but not their own son. "Forgive me for asking, but do you know anything about Parker and his dad? Has Shayne said anything to you about why they no longer get along?"

I watched her body language change instantly, letting me know that she definitely knew something. What was with this family being so secretive? It only made me more intrigued to learn to truth. Call me inquisitive or just plain nosey, but something was going on, and in order to mend my relationship with Parker, I needed to figure it out.

"I'm sorry, Cameron. I try not to get involved with their family problems. It took me a long enough time for them to accept that I loved their son. Meddlin' wouldn't turn out good for me. Why do you ask anyway? Is somethin' wrong? Has Parker said somethin' to peak your interest?"

"No." I shook my head. "He won't talk to me about it. We always told each other everything, and I thought he trusted me. There's obviously something going on, he just refuses to let me in. I'm afraid it might ruin our relationship if it continues."

"For your sake I hope it doesn't. You're good for Parker. Maybe it would be better to not dwell on the past and look toward the future. I had to learn that the hard way."

"I've heard about what you went through. It's a miracle you're alive. You're very lucky." She was never expected to recover as much as she had. Parker had told me that. He also said that she'd lost some memories, and the doctors had told her she may never get them back. Frankly, that helped her with letting go. Unfortunately, my situation was different. I was determined to fix my boyfriend, no matter who I had to cross to figure out what it was that was broken.

Chapter 7

Parker

Cameron was being exceptionally problematic during the baby shower. When she walked away to play with Eli I had to ignore the way it made me feel. I knew they were my brother's children, and even though I'd gotten past that, it didn't make it less awkward when I was around them. For the most part I was scared to interact with them, on account of knowing what my family might be thinking. Plus I couldn't let my brother feel threatened. No matter what happened I'd never try to take them from him.

This visit home was going worse with my girlfriend breathing down my back. It was like it didn't make a difference where I turned, I couldn't get free of being consumed with guilt. It only reminded me again how my life was better off out of Maryland and away from my family. It was sad to admit it to myself, but it was the hard truth. I had to keep my distance, no matter how difficult it was.

Cameron pressed me for information the entire ride home. By the time we arrived back at the college I was ready to get away from her, which was unusual. Normally she was my rock, except now she'd become a pain in my ass; a constant reminder of what I was trying so hard to overcome.

Ashley had come to me and told me how she was asking questions. She and Shayne were worried about the repercussions if she found out the truth, and what it would mean for their happy family. Cameron couldn't understand that her prying was putting my whole family on high alert. Our secret was to stay buried for a reason.

What I wished she could understand was that I wasn't that guy anymore. I knew what I'd done to my brother, and my family. I knew the pain I'd caused everyone, and I promised myself that I'd never do that again.

My dilemma was getting Cameron to see that without explaining the reason. Seeing as that was going to be impossible, I didn't know what else to do but end things with her.

As much as it was going to hurt me, I knew I didn't have a choice. I had to do this for my family, because even if they never fully forgave me, I'd need to be able to forgive myself.

I didn't sleep that night, and when Cameron called me in the morning she could probably tell that something was up. I was extremely melancholy, and with the knowledge of what was about to happen lingering over my head, I couldn't exactly seem interested in small talk.

I dressed and prepared to meet her for breakfast, like we did each morning. Forcing myself to walk across campus and break her heart was damn near impossible. I loved this girl, more than I'd ever loved anyone before. When I looked into those eyes of hers I saw my future, the only life I wanted. Ending things was like committing suicide in many ways. I was ending my life as I knew it, and my girlfriend was holding the rope.

I sat down at the table across from her, watching her slide a tray of food in my direction. Her smile beckoned me, reminding me of all the reasons that I fell in love with her in the first place. This wasn't just a girlfriend that I enjoyed getting into my bed. Cameron was the one for me. She knew me better than I knew myself, and that's why we were in this predicament. She wasn't going to stop until she found out the truth.

This had to be done.

I reached across the table and grabbed her hand, causing her immediate alarm. "I need to talk to you."

She raised her brow, seemingly amused by my announcement. "Are you finally going to tell me the truth?"

I tried to play it off. "This is the reason we're talkin'. You keep assumin' things that aren't there. I asked you to back off, but you couldn't leave things alone. Now I've got a monkey on my back, and I can't do this anymore." I looked down at the table when I said the last sentence. "WE can't do this anymore, Cam."

"Do what? Argue? Everyone argues. It's part of normal human behavior. I don't understand why you can't come clean. What do they have on you, Parker? Just tell me what happened with your family. Is it something illegal?"

Of course she'd think that. She'd been raised to assume the worst in everyone. Being a lawyer was already in her blood. No matter what I did, she wouldn't back down until she won her case. "I need time."

"Time for what?"

I couldn't look her in the eyes, because mine were already burning. A lump formed in my throat and I could feel the pain radiating from my heart. "I need a break from you; from us. You're pushin' me away, and you can't even see it."

She reached for my hand, but I pulled away. I couldn't let her see my pain, so the only thing I could do was get up and walk away.

I grinded my teeth together, clenching my jaws, while standing and taking my first couple steps away from the table.

I heard her calling my name again and again, but I refused to look back. I'd broken her heart, probably ripped her to shreds, and it wasn't even what I wanted. I did it for my family, and they didn't even care.

For the next couple of days Cameron did everything in her power to reach out to me. She wanted answers, in which she deserved; answers that I wasn't willing to give her. If only I could have explained how we couldn't be together because she wouldn't leave well enough alone.

By the time the weekend came, I'd suffered enough. I decided to go to the one place where I knew I'd find solitude.

I went home.

Actually, I went to the beach house.

I arrived around ten in the morning. The roads were deserted, and I cracked my first smile in days as I pulled into the driveway. I knew I'd be alone, and once my phone was turned off, I'd be able to clear my head enough to go back to school.

After opening the place up, I laid down on the couch and decided to take a much-needed nap. I never anticipated being woken up by my brother.

Shayne stood over me, dressed in a business suit. I rubbed my eyes to make sure I wasn't dreaming. "Shayne?"

"Do you have any other brothers with keys to this place?"

I sat up and watched him finding comfort in the chair across from me. "I didn't know you'd be here."

"You didn't mention it yourself. So where's your girlfriend? Last week it seemed like she never left your side."

I looked down at the floor as I explained. "I had to break up with her, bro."

"Is it because of what she was asking Ash? She told me how she was trying to figure out the big family secret." He stretched his arms out when he said the word 'big'.

I pinched my nose, trying to relieve the looming headache I'd had for days. "Don't get me started."

"Man, I thought she was good for you. Is it permanent?"

I fell back against the cushions, and spread out. "I don't even know. Cameron's not one to back off. When she wants somethin' she's used to gettin' it. We both know that the truth can't come out. I just needed to make sure that it wouldn't happen on my watch. I've done enough damage to this family. The last thing I need is a nosey girlfriend causing more problems."

It hurt me to talk about Cameron in a negative way.

"The only problem that I see with your plan is getting over someone you clearly care a lot about. Look, Parker, you don't have to act tough with me. I know what it's like to be in love. I'm just not sure the sacrifice you made is the right one. Have you even considered tellin' her the truth on your terms?"

"I can't." Cameron's all about doin' the right thing. She'd never settle for me steppin' back and lettin' you raise the twins."

"You don't know that. She's seen me with them. She knows they're my kids in every way."

I held up my hand. "Don't get defensive. I ain't sayin' that I'd agree with her. Nobody's takin' the twins from you, bro. I swear it on my life. I hope you can trust that."

Shayne shook his head. "Oh man, I'm sorry. I get a little overprotective when it comes to them. I'm the only dad they've ever known. I knew we'd have to go through this, but I can't ever prepare for it."

"Like I said before, you're their dad. The only regrets I have is the way I handled things. All I'm sayin' is that Cameron longs for some sort of family connection, since her upbringing was so absurd. She wants to be a devoted mother someday, and that tells me how much she'd disagree with what's been done. I also know she'll never forgive me for my part in it all."

"I'm sorry to hear that, Parker. I really am."

"Thanks. For what it's worth, I'm glad you stopped by." I paused for a minute, noticing again what he was wearing. "What are you doin' here? Shouldn't you be headed home to your family?"

"I've got a meeting in the morning at the inlet. I thought it would be a good idea if I stopped by and checked on the place, since we had all that rain last week. Mom's spendin' the night with Ash and the kids, just in case she needs help."

"So it's just you and me then?"

"It appears so." Shayne stood up and motioned toward the front door. "Come on. I'll buy the first round."

Chapter 8

Cameron

I couldn't believe this was actually happening. If I would have known how far he'd go to keep me from learning the truth I might have taken a different approach. Since this was my first actual breakup, I had no idea how to handle myself. It wasn't like I'd read a handbook on how to deal with being dumped. All of the books I'd read had nothing to do with sad endings. They were a bunch of fairytales, giving me false hope that true love happens to good people. I thought I was one of them.

Apparently I didn't know half as much as I thought I did.

I often wondered why my parents were so hell-bent on keeping me focused. Now I knew why. They saw what I wouldn't let myself see. They knew the inevitable.

I was incapable of being in a real relationship, because I lacked the kind of people skills that it required. For better terms I was like a child in an adult's body. I looked the part, but couldn't understand basic communication. If I did, I'd have a boyfriend that I was madly in love with.

Speaking of the word love; it hurt. In my vast vocabulary I'd never experienced such a powerful word. It brought happiness, security, hope, and then pain. For the first few days I tried my hardest to convince Parker that I'd change. I called his cell phone, texted messages, and even wrote him letters that I slipped under his door.

He refused to respond to any of them.

Had it not been for my pushing I would have sworn that there was someone else, but I knew better. He'd asked me time and time again to stop prying where my nose didn't belong. He practically begged me to let it go.

Why couldn't I?

I mean, why did I even care? We had a good relationship, and I loved him with all of my heart. Why did his family matter so much to me? If it was jealousy then the joke was on me. I was left even lonelier than I was growing up.

I thought that when my mother got sick I'd cried a river of tears. I knew that wasn't literal, but it certainly felt like it was. Nothing could have prepared me to how this breakup affected me. I sobbed so hard that my eyes swelled shut. I couldn't go to my classes, because I couldn't stand to crawl out of bed. Losing Parker made me feel like my whole life wasn't worth living. I felt like I wanted to give up, because my future that I longed for wasn't going to happen. It's how I also knew that my feelings were real. Only love could hurt this much.

By Friday I finally got the hint that he wasn't going to talk to me. As much as it hurt, I knew I'd never hear the end of it if I didn't get back on track with my studies. Luckily I was such a good student that my professors allowed me an extension for being sick. At least, that's the excuse I gave when I emailed them.

Since I didn't care to associate with my wild roommate, I decided to go to the library and get started on my makeup work. Before I knew it I'd spent half of the night behind a book. A volunteer had to come over and kindly ask if I could finish up. For the first time in years I had to walk home alone. Parker wasn't there to keep me safe. I gathered my things and began on my short walk back to the dorm. I made it halfway before my phone started ringing. Since I wasn't the most popular person I knew it could be one of three people.

I picked up before even looking to see who the caller was.

"Hello?"

"Hey, baby, it's me."

"Parker?" My heart immediately began to race. I became so excited to hear his voice that I had to sit down on a set of steps outside to catch my breath.

"Yep. It's me. Who else would be calling you at..." He paused for a minute, like he was looking at the time. "Quarter till twelve?"

I could hear noise in the background. After concentrating on it, I realized that it was music. "Where are you?"

"I'm out with my brother. I've got a confession to make. I might be intoxicated." He started laughing at himself.

"Did you say you were with Shayne? So, you went home for the weekend?"

"I'm at the beach. I had to get away from you, and all your questions. Why'd you have to pry, Cam? Why couldn't you just stop askin'?"

The smile left my face. He was obviously drunk, asking me questions that I didn't want to get into, especially over the phone. "Parker, I'm sorry."

"You're sorry? Do you have any idea how much this hurts me? Woman, I'm f**kin' miserable without you. All I wanted was for you to leave well enough alone. We could have been happy, Cam. I would have spent my whole life giving you everything you deserved." I could hear his voice breaking up, like he was fighting back his emotions. I'd seen Parker get emotional after he had too much to drink, and knew it was happening again.

"Where's Shayne?"

"He went to take a piss. He broke the seal a while back. He's a pu**y drinker, can't hold his liquor anymore."

I knew it wasn't the time, albeit I couldn't help myself. "I love you."

"I'll always love you, Cam. You're the one for me. I knew it from the very beginnin'."

It made me cry more. "I know you're just calling me because you've been drinking, but I missed you. I just want you to forgive me."

"No can do, baby. I can't let you in. Some things are best buried in the past. Trust me; you don't want to know anyway. I'm not a good guy."

"Yes you are."

"No. I'm really not. I've done things. I've hurt people."

He snickered after that then continued speaking. "Hey, do you remember that time we snuck into the indoor pool after it closed? I talked you into swimmin' in your panties. I think about that all of the time."

"I remember."

"Yeah. That was back when life was good. It was when we first started datin'. I knew when I first saw you that I had to have you."

"You're the first boy I ever loved," I started to cry harder when I said it. I don't know why, because it wasn't a secret. Parker knew he was my first love. He knew everything about me.

"I had to work so hard to get you to give me a chance. Then I finally got into those panties. It was worth it, Cam. You're the best." He chuckled. "I like how you're so ticklish. It makes me horny."

"When will you be back? I want to see you."

I heard Shayne's voice in the background.

"Dude, I leave for one minute and you get right on your phone. Where's the self control?"

"I was callin' for a pizza. They aren't home."

The line went dead.

I sat there for a few minutes staring at the screen. Not only did it fail to ring, but the backlight turned off, leaving me there in the pitch black. It was after curfew, and I knew I needed to head inside immediately, but all I could do was sob. I wasn't able to handle the bout of emotions that took over. They held me there against my will, reminding me of all the reasons that I felt so alone. I needed Parker's arms around me telling me that it was going to be okay. I needed my best friend to make me smile.

He'd thrown our love away, and I was destroyed over it. I didn't understand how anyone could feel this hopeless and then go out and look for love again. It was horrible. I just wanted to lay on the ground in a lethargic stupor. I wanted to give up on all of my dreams, because I couldn't have the one thing that brought joy to my life. What was my future without Parker? Was I just supposed to become a lawyer and come home to an empty house, with no husband, and certainly no children?

Is that really how it was going to turn out?

Surely I'd not let myself go through this for a second time. I was too smart to undergo this kind of torture twice. This was it.

I hated love without Parker, and I hated myself for pushing him away.

I sat up for hours, contemplating calling him back. Finally, when my nerves couldn't take it any longer, I sent him a message.

I'm glad you called me tonight. I love you. - Cameron

He never replied, and as the hours passed I knew that he probably wouldn't even remember contacting me. I was still in the same place as before. My heart was broken, and there was nothing I could do to convince him that he should forgive me. A part of me wondered if I even needed forgiveness at all. He was clearly hiding something, and now he'd slipped and said more about it.

Since I'd lost everything, I knew I had to let it go. It has cost me my happiness, and taught me a lesson about keeping my nose out of other people's affairs. Maybe Parker was right. Maybe the secret was better off buried.

Chapter 9

Parker

I woke up with one hell of a hangover. After sitting up in bed I realized that I was still at the beach house. My clothes reminded me that I'd changed and gone out with my brother. Slowly pieces of the night were coming back to me.

I checked my phone to find the time and saw a message from Cameron. That's when I realized that I'd called her. Just to double check, I looked at my call log, noticing her number close to midnight. It said that we'd talked for four minutes, but for the life of me, I couldn't remember what about.

My biggest fears were that I'd told her my secret. Then I noticed she'd texted me well after our phone call, and it didn't seem like she was angry.

Still, I had to know for sure. I needed to make certain that Cameron wasn't going to cause problems for my brother.

I knew that calling her was only going to cause us both more pain. Reluctantly, I dialed her number and waited to hear her voice; the voice of the woman that I'd never stop loving.

"Parker. I didn't think I'd hear from you today."

"Yeah, I just wanted to make sure you were okay. I didn't know if I said anything that might upset you."

She sighed. "Everything upsets me these days. I guess it's part of moving on."

"Yeah," I agreed, even though I really didn't. The last thing I wanted was to picture her moving on. "I wish it didn't have to be this way, Cam. Believe me when I say that."

I could hear her crying on the other end of the call. It broke my heart hurting her, especially when none of my feelings had changed. This was a sacrifice that I had to make for my family, whether I liked it or not, I had to stick with the decision.

"I don't want to be without you, though. This isn't fair. You're punishing me for wanting to know everything about you."

"So obviously I can't be trusted. That should give you enough reason to know we shouldn't be together."

"I don't know what you're hiding, but I hope this was worth it. Please don't call me anymore, Parker. I can't handle hearing your voice."

She hung up before I could respond. It was good that she did, because every minute on the phone with her was making me feel like I needed to change my mind.

Shayne walked into the room as I was sitting my phone back down on the table beside me. "You want some coffee? I've got to head out soon. I miss Ash and the kids. She's not used to me bein' away overnight."

"I'll get some. You go on and head home to your family. I'm just goin' to hang out for a while to clear my head."

Shayne sat down next to me. I watched his face contort, as if he was struggling to find the words to say to me. "Parker, I want you to know how much I appreciate what you've given me. You're the most unselfish person that I've ever met. It's a shame that everyone else can't see it."

"We were raised that family comes first. I know I was an ass**le, but the moment I knew your intentions were true, I had to make the right choice for everyone."

"I know what you're givin' up. Last night you couldn't shut up about it."

"Yeah, well it's too late to change anything. The damage is done, and I'm just goin' to figure out the best way to move forward."

My brother put his hand on my shoulder. "If you need anything, you know you can call me. I'll be there for you, no matter what."

We had a moment, before he headed out, and I don't think my brother could ever know what it meant to me to have his support. He'd be the last person that I expected to have my back, and there he was, promising that I'd never be alone.

I spent the day on the beach, alone, listening to the waves crashing as they came to land. The wind whipped, making the heat of the sun bearable. I wasn't there to get a tan. Instead, I knew it was the one place where I could clear my head, and reflect on everything that had happened to me in the last few years.

The ironic thing was that this all started in the room that I'd spent the night in. Then we'd ended up on this very beach that I sat on. That one night had ruined my future, and if I didn't love my brother so much I would have regretted it. Seeing the happiness in his eyes when he was near the twins was what let me know that things happen for a reason. Shayne was meant to be with Ashley in her time of need. He was meant to fall in love with her, and stick by her side when she almost lost her life. My actions all led to this very moment, and although I didn't have the girl that I wanted, I found some peace in knowing that my brother did.

At the end of the day I still felt like shit, but I had a better understanding as to why I'd made the right choice.

This was my punishment. Karma was paying me back, and I deserved every bit of it.

It was just unfortunate that I had to hurt Cam. She hadn't done anything wrong.

That's what was eating me up inside.

Cameron

His call hadn't made me feel better. I had to hang up the phone, because one more second talking to him was going to kill me. I don't know why I did it, but I found myself driving to my parent's house. They'd never been there for my personal problems, but I had nowhere else to go for advice. Of course, they didn't like Parker, so it was obvious what they'd want me to do. I just hope they had a solution for me, because I was so distraught that I couldn't focus on anything else.

"What do you mean he broke up with you?" My father was furious from the moment my breakup left my lips.

"You heard me, daddy. He said we weren't going to work out. Now I'm a mess inside and I don't know how to make it go away." I started crying right in front of him, but didn't get the expected hug that most girls would get from their fathers. Instead he stood up and walked over to the liquor cart, filling two glasses with dark bourbon.

He drank half of his before responding again. "It's for the best, Cameron. You've got too much going for you to be tied down to a dreamer like Parker. What kind of future could he ever offer you with a career in football? Even if he's picked up for some Canadian league, he won't be able to provide for you long term. That boy's going to end up working for his father in a garage. Mark my words."

My dad didn't understand that money meant nothing to me. I'd live in a tent with Parker if we could be together. Happiness wasn't justified by money; it was about living life to the fullest. The best things in my life so far had been free. "I love him."

"You love the idea of having a boyfriend. I get it. I know you've lived a semi-sheltered life, but it was only because we were able to offer you a top-notch education. One day you'll thank us for making those choices for you."

I started thinking about my arguments with Parker. He always said that becoming a lawyer was my parent's dream for me, not my own. I always refused to believe that, but as my father spoke I was beginning to take light of his words. My parents had pushed being a lawyer on me, for as long as I could remember. When I was ten he gave me a set of business cards with my name on them. I still had them in my closet somewhere.

The whole point was that he was never going to understand my feelings for Parker, or how it felt to be in love for the right reasons, instead of a good business choice. If my dad had his way he'd arrange my marriage, pawning me off on one of the younger partners.

"I do appreciate what you've both given me. This has nothing to do with that. I want to be with Parker, because I love him, whether you choose to believe that or not. I feel empty inside without him. I wish you could understand that."

My mother wrapped her arms around me. "We do, but we also know that you'll recover from this, and it will only improve the strong woman we've raised you to be." As quick as she'd begun to comfort me her mood immediately adjusted. "I've got a brilliant idea. You should come with us next weekend to the lodge. It would do you good to get away."

"Mom, I don't feel like going to the Pocono's. I'd be the third wheel."

"Nonsense. There will be plenty of people with us. Half of the firm is going with their families. Perhaps you could even invite a girlfriend to come along."

I shrugged, feeling sorry for myself as soon as she'd said it. "I don't really have many female friends."

"Well that needs to change. I think having a boyfriend certainly held you back from spreading your wings. I assumed by now you'd have joined a sorority."

She must have had me confused with her other invisible daughter. "That's never going to happen, mom. I'm not into all that kind of socializing. Besides, dad has made it clear that my studies come first. That would only be a distraction to the plan." The plan had been drilled into my head every day of my life. I knew she was just trying to cheer me up from my recent heartbreak, but joining a sorority wasn't the answer.

"That's too bad. I'll never forget my sisters from college."

"I'm not you, mom. I'm going to keep my focus on school. It's for the best. Maybe I'll pick up an extra class in my free time." It stressed me out to even consider it, but I knew it would occupy my time enough to relieve some of the worrying I'd been doing. I'd never felt so emotional, and I was afraid that it was going to lead me into a state of depression I wouldn't be able to get out of. I couldn't even remember feeling so lost in my life. It was becoming a travesty.

"You know what? I think I may take you up on that offer. Maybe a weekend away will do me some good."

My mother clapped her hands together. "Perfect. Be here at four on Friday. We'll pack up the car and head out. It's going to be a great time. You'll get to meet some of our best clients."

I wasn't thrilled that they were going to take my current state of depression as a sign from above that I wanted to mingle with people the firm represented. The only thing I was interested in doing was being with Parker, or learning how to let him go.

Chapter 10

Parker

It was difficult to focus on anything when I was occupied by my mistakes. Even after doing the right thing, I struggled with my decisions, knowing that the consequences had cost me dearly.

I'd avoided her at all costs, finding it easy since our schedules were usually on the opposite sides of the large campus. It wasn't until the weekend arrived that I fought with myself over going to visit her.

That Saturday morning I sat in my bed, after tossing and turning for yet another night, fighting with myself to be a man and accept that I couldn't change what had been done. Unfortunately, after being so restless, I knew there was only one type of drug that would help me.

Her name was Cameron.

I showered and dressed quickly, all the while contemplating what I was going to say to get her to forgive me. After my second shoe was on, I raced over to her dorm to find a note on her door.

Notes for Professor Stein's class are located on

Be back on Monday

I stopped the girl next door in the hallway. "Hey, do you have any idea where Cameron went?"

She shrugged. "How the hell would I know? She doesn't speak to me."

"Thanks anyway." I watched her walk away before heading in the opposite direction to exit the building. Once I'd made it to the cafeteria, I knew I was going to have to reach out to her. There was no way I could go through another day without hearing her voice.

I waited until I was done eating to pull out my phone.

It rang four times before the voicemail picked up. She'd always answered my calls, so this worried me. I started to wonder if my decision had caused her to do something out of character, or even drastic. I'd never even considered that maybe she'd become so distraught that she'd become sick over it.

I dialed again, and just before the forth ring I heard her voice. "Hello?"

"Cam, it's me. Are you alright? I went to your room and a note says you're gone for the weekend."

"I'm in the Poconos. Why? What's wrong?"

"What are you there for?" I had to ask, since the last time we'd gone it had been for a romantic getaway.

"I came here to forget about you, Parker." In the background I heard someone calling her name. The voice was male, and it wasn't her father.

"So that's how it's goin' to be? You're just goin' to move on?"

"Apparently so."

The line went silent for a moment, but I knew she was still on the other end of the call. "Good luck with that."

"Goodbye, Parker." She didn't wait for a reply before hanging up. Not only did it annoy me, but it left me wondering if she was there with someone else, so soon after our breakup. Even though it was completely out of character, it still consumed my thoughts. She obviously wasn't planning on telling me, and it was apparent that she wasn't alone. If this was some stunt to make me jealous, she would have rubbed it in my face, but instead she hadn't. That could only mean that Cameron was there on her own free will. It was a definite kick to the gut.

For the rest of the morning I hung out at the frat house. Since moving there only a couple days ago, once the last guy finally moved his shit out, things had gotten easier. I no longer had such strict curfews, unless it was football season. My new room wasn't in great shape. The last person who used it had banged holes in the walls, and scratched the old hardwood floor up to shit. I hung several posters, and even some pictures of Cameron and myself.

I was pissed, although probably more jealous. I finished up my game and headed in my room to rid my walls and tables of memories of us.

After ripping the first picture, I pulled another off the wall and flopped down on my mattress. In the photo, her hair hung halfway down her back. Her smile was so full, and in the background was the lodge that we'd stayed at. The picture was taken in the Poconos, just after a big snowstorm. She'd taken me there to ski, but we'd spent half of the time in bed, warm and cozy in the nude. She'd been so nervous about being with me, but this particular trip had changed that. It hadn't been our first time together, while it was a turning point in our relationship. It was where she learned to trust me; a mistake that she probably now regretted.

The thought of her being there with someone else made my blood boil. The ultimate payback would be to enjoy the company of another man where we'd made memories together.

The longer I laid on my bed thinking about it, the more upset I became. By three in the afternoon I was heading north. Hell or high water, I was finding her, and getting back what was mine all along. I wouldn't let her move on without a fight, even if I had to tell her the awful truth about everything.

Cameron

Why did he have to call me? It felt like every time I took one step forward, I was falling two steps behind. As unfortunate as it was for my emotional state of mind, I knew it was important to make the best of my time away.

I turned and looked toward Seth Rodgers, a junior partner at my parent's firm. He'd started his career with them as an intern, and finally made a name for himself within the company. On several occasions he'd made it very obvious that he'd found me attractive. I ignored his suggestions of having a relationship, until this very moment, when I desperately needed a distraction.

Seth wasn't a bad looking guy. He had medium brown wavy hair that he wore longer on the top. His eyes, a cocoa in color, were always calm, no matter what the circumstance he was dealt with. I'd gotten to know him at my home, during a crucial trial when I was just sixteen. He and my parents were spending countless hours trying to go through boxes of files for a case.

Seth stayed with us for two weeks, as we combed through phone logs, bank statements, and even emails. My father thought it was good experience for me to learn the ins and outs of the business, so I worked alongside Seth. For me, it was easy to stay focused, even when Seth made it hard to concentrate. While my parents left the house to work on other business, we were left alone for hours. Obviously nothing major happened between us, albeit it wasn't without effort on his part.

First came the staring. Then it was the countless advances.

One night, after I'd turned seventeen, I'd stopped by the office to meet my parents for dinner. They were stuck in a preliminary hearing, so I decided to wait for them there. Seth walked out of his office, spotting me straight away. He snickered to himself, held out his hand, and led me into his office.

I don't know why I let him do it, or if I even wanted to, but he kissed me right there against his door. His hands lingered, and for a few minutes I considered letting him do more.

Since I was socially awkward, it was easy to push him away, and run out without an explanation. After that night he'd never tried to hit on me, until now. As soon as we'd arrived I spotted him at the bar. He turned and cocked his head to the side, letting his eyes linger from my head to toes. I could feel my cheeks blushing, realizing how uncomfortable it felt to be near my parents getting such inappropriate attention.

I immediately turned away, pretending that I'd never noticed, all the while thinking about that heated kiss he'd given me years ago, and how I was anxious to get my mind off of Parker.

Feeling like I was a strong enough woman now, I waited until we'd checked in and gotten our separate rooms before heading down to the bar. Much to my dismay, Seth wasn't anywhere to be found. I'd declined dinner with my parents, on account of forging forward with my plan to get over Parker.

By the time I ordered my first drink I was having doubts. It was ridiculous for me to even contemplate hanging out with one man to rid myself of the pain I was in from another.

Just as I was turning to head up to my room my phone started to ring. "Hello?"

"Cam, it's me. Where are you? I went to your room and a note says you're gone for the weekend." My heart began to race just hearing his voice. How dare he call and act like he cared, after hurting me so much.

I took a deep breath and stayed calm as I answered, just in case he wanted to make up. "I'm in the Poconos. Why? What's wrong?"

"What are you there for?"

Did he really have a right to ask? I thought he didn't care. Then I heard my named being called, and without turning around I knew who it was. Since Parker continued to torture me, I said the first thing that came to mind. "I came here to forget about you, Parker."

"So that's how it's goin' to be? You're just goin' to move on?" He obviously heard Seth talking to me. I was going to let him think I was forging forward.

"Apparently so."

He didn't say anything, so I knew I'd gotten under his skin. "Good luck with that."

"Goodbye, Parker." My hands were shaking as I ended the call, and I could feel the burning in my eyes when I turned to address Seth.

Chapter 11

Cameron

"Seth, I thought I saw you earlier."

He put his hand on my shoulder and looked into my eyes while smiling back at me. "It's been a long time, Cameron. You look amazing." Ten seconds, and I was already getting compliments.

"Thanks. You too."

"So where's this boyfriend your dad keeps complaining about? I hear he's a jock."

I didn't want to think about Parker, or talk about him for that matter. My face contorted as I replied the best way I could. "It's over." I held my ground, determined to be strong. After all, I was an independent woman with a great future ahead of me. I'd been raised to hold my head high, never letting anything bring me down.

"Wow. When I first heard you had a boyfriend I wondered if it was because you wanted to get your father back for keeping you locked up for all those years. Looking at your face tells me that this guy meant something to you. I'm sorry to hear that. First love is hard to get over; I'm not going to lie."

Seth was seven years older than me. He'd had relationships with beautiful women. "I appreciate that." He waved to the barmaid for another round. I smiled and looked down at my hands, instantly becoming nervous, because he was insuring that I stuck around.

For someone that thought I wanted this, second thoughts were overwhelming me. I stuck my finger in my mouth, and began to chew on the nail. It was a bad habit that I only did when I was nervous. Seth waited until our drinks were served. He slid mine closer to me and pulled my hand away from my face. "Do I make you uneasy?"

I shook my head, even though he did make me feel on edge. "Of course not."

"I'd never hurt you, Cameron. You know, I still think about that kiss. You're a hard woman to forget."

I wish Parker felt that way. Just thinking about him made me angry. I put on the best fake smile that I could conjure up. "You're being too kind. I recall that kiss as your desperate attempt to get me to date you behind my father's back."

He took his hand and placed it over mine on the counter. "Had I known that you were about to run off and date the first guy to come around, I would have tried harder."

We could sit here all night and argue about intentions, but the bottom line was that each second that passed was forcing me to rethink being around him at all. "Seth, you've known me for a long time, and you've never been a bullshitter. I knew you wanted me when I was still a teenager, but you respected my boundaries. I appreciate your attraction, and so I'm going to give it to you straight. I came here to forget about my boyfriend, albeit I realize it's not going to happen. So I have a proposal for you. You can walk away knowing that I'm still not interested in being in a relationship with you, or you take me upstairs and help me temporarily forget how much pain I'm in. The choice is yours." I gulped down the burning alcohol while I let Seth make a choice. This was going to be my last drink of the evening, whether we ended up in his room, or I was back in mine all alone.

Seth took his beverage into his hand and downed it all at once. He snickered as he sat it back down on the edge of the bar and turned to face me. Then he leaned in close to my ear. "I'm going to make you forget all about him."

It was that very moment when I knew without a doubt I was going to go through with it. Desperation had led me to this point, and there was no turning back, when all I wanted to do was move forward. "What are you waiting for then? The way I see it, we're just wasting time." I couldn't believe the words that were pouring out of my mouth. This was so out of character for me, and my drinks hadn't been stiff enough to cause me to be so blatant with my eagerness. It was my pain that was fueling me, and my need to alleviate it in any way possible.

For my own sake, I waited until we were in the elevator to speak again, on account not being in total control over what I was about to do. Did I really want to be intimate with another man? Could he actually make me forget everything about Parker that I loved so much? Was this man who knew me longer than Parker able to help me cope with the pain of my first breakup?

I was willing to find out.

I watched the numbers on the elevator climb, as the man behind me, whom I was about to sleep with remained silent. I think he was giving me the opportunity to puss out. Little did he know that I was frantic to get over my boyfriend. My despairing situation left me vulnerable, and that vulnerability left me accessible.

Seth was right. He'd waited a long time to be given the go-ahead, and I knew he was going to give it his all, because he wanted nothing more than to nail the boss' daughter.

Whether it was some kind of attraction, or other motives all-together, my mind was only focused on my needs. I honestly didn't care why Seth wanted me. By morning I'd have my answer. I'd know whether sleeping with him had helped or made things worse. Like everything in life, it was worth the try.

Parker

"What have I done? What have I done?" I kept repeating it out loud as if I were going to get an answer. I couldn't believe this was happening. I don't know why, but I assumed in the back of my mind that we'd eventually figure out a way to be together. I never, in a million years, would have thought my innocent girlfriend was in the mountains with another man. It made me wonder if she'd had a secret friend in her life that I'd never known about. I wondered if Cameron had her own set of secrets; except that made no sense. If she had she would have forgiven me for mine, instead of creating this trickle of events. I was frantically trying to calm down enough to rationalize with what had happened.

I knew Cameron, sometimes better than she knew herself. Her heart was broken, caused by my actions. Had I overheard and misunderstood? Had she played me based off of my reaction? It was very possible indeed.

She'd gotten her keen knack for manipulation from her lawyer parents, who always seemed to get what they desired. If this was a ploy to win me back out of jealousy, she had me right where she wanted me.

She was an intelligent woman, who could quickly come up with a way to hurt me. I deserved it for sure, but couldn't fathom the idea of her actually going through with such a plan. There was no way that my sweet girlfriend would stoop so low to sleep with another man for revenge, or maybe I didn't know her as well as I thought I had. It was also possible that I'd destroyed that innocent girl, and turned her into someone who would go to extremes to get my attention, or prove a point.

She had my full attention.

I was losing my shit over the phone call. Before I knew it, I was in my car on the way to the mountains. I was going to track her down, and get her back, because this turn of events was only proving that I couldn't live without her.

Chapter 12

Cameron

I think from the moment my feet came off the elevator I was having anxiety. My decision to sleep with Seth was leaving a bad taste in my mouth already. We walked until we reached the number to his room, and I watched as he stuck the key card into the slot. The door opened and he turned to face me with knowledge of what was to transpire. "Are you sure you want to do this?"

I pushed him inside the room, holding his jacket sleeves for control. "You and I both know you want this, Seth. Stop trying to change my mind. I need to forget, and you said you could make it happen."

There was no reply needed as he picked me up and carried me further into the room, toward his bed. We stared at each other for a few seconds before either of us made a move. The moment only intensified when he leaned forward kissing me directly on the lips. I started to pull away, but then was caught up in the process of actually feeling someone wanting to be with me again. Parker's betrayal didn't just hurt me, it left me scarred. He may not have cheated on me, but he'd cheated on our future. Seth was here to make the hurt dissipate, and I was resolute to not fight him.

I wanted to get caught up in desire, not knowing what was to come, and where it would lead me. For once I wanted to be spontaneous, willing to take risks to achieve a common release.

That's exactly what happened. In one quick swoop I was lying flat on my back. He lingered over me looking down at my body while I was still clothed. I didn't know whether to touch him or to just let him do all the work. Since Parker was the only man I've ever been with sexually this was all new to me. I didn't know whether this man would want me to touch him or if he wanted to be in full control. With my lack of experience, I probably seemed like a lost puppy.

While I laid flat on the bed, I watched as Seth begin taking off his jacket. He watched me when he loosened his tie and unfastened the buttons to his shirt, removing it next. I sat up on my elbows, noticing the patch of hair on his chest. It was something that Parker didn't possess. Seth was a distinguished man. He was successful, and knew what he wanted.

After biting down on my lip, focusing on what was to come next, I watched him walk across the room and bend over to access the mini-bar. He pulled out a soda with two tiny bottles of liquor. "You look like you could use another drink, Cameron. Are you sure you're okay?"

I stayed in the same position. "Yes. I'm a little nervous."

Seth brought a glass over, stirring it with his fingertip. When he pulled it out and handed me mine, he ran his finger over my mouth. I must have seemed like a fool at first; finally realizing that he wanted me to taste it. I closed my eyes and sucked it in between my lips. The rush of flavor was strong, reminding me that the glass I held was definitely potent enough to take the edge off. I released his finger and downed my beverage, knowing he was watching my every move.

Seth took the empty glass from me, finishing his off before placing them both on the dresser. He then stood in front of me, unbuckling his belt. "Take your clothes off, Cameron."

Right away I felt uncomfortable. "You want me to undress right now?"

"I can do it for you, if that's what you prefer."

He wasn't being sympathetic, and I didn't know whether I should be flattered or feel threatened. "I prefer going slow, if that's okay with you."

His shoulders relaxed and he spun around to sit down on the bed next to me. "We don't have to do this."

"I want to." I reached for his arm, letting my fingertips glide over his hairy skin. "I've only been with one person."

"You're right. Sorry. I'm not used to taking things slow. Forgive me for being selfish." He slid off the bed and kneeled between my legs. I stayed on my elbows, fully aware of his new ambitions.

"I can't stop shaking."

Seth ran both hands up my legs until he reached my thighs. "You don't have to be scared. I won't hurt you."

I couldn't stop thinking of Parker, and our first time together. He'd told me the same thing, and although it had gotten uncomfortable, he'd kept his promise. "I just want to go slow." I felt like such an immature kid saying it out loud. I didn't even want to imagine what was going through this man's head.

He smiled and let his hands linger over the waist to my pants. Once he'd coasted them off of my hips I knew there was no turning back. The air hit my bare skin, letting me know how exposed I was becoming. My lips parted the moment his fingers traipsed over the fabric of my panties. "I remember when you were sixteen, and we were working that case at your parent's house. I saw you one night, heading into the kitchen in just a nightgown. I tried not to look, but you reached up and got something out of the cabinet, giving me a full view of your ass, in panties similar to these. I wanted to walk right in there and take you from behind, even though I knew it was illegal. You were so damn sexy."

I wiggled my legs a tiny bit, wondering if and when he was going to infringe his fingers underneath the fabric to my underwear. Admittedly, it was enticing hearing about him watching me years ago. My ni**les started to tingle, making me fully aware that he was turning me on with little effort. In the midst of being overwhelmed with strange feelings, the alcohol made an appearance, heating up my stomach as it entered. In a natural reaction, I yearned to be touched more; to feel the physical contact of someone that desired me. He grabbed my arms, tugging me to a sitting position on the bed. Since he was still kneeling, we sat face to face. His dark eyes never left mine as he made his move in to kiss me again. I savored the way his lips felt over mine, and how the stubble of his five-o'clock shadow tickled my skin. Our tongues brushed, then began mingling together at a constant pace. He tasted of alcohol as I sucked on his bottom lip. He tugged out of my grasp, looking at me with a surprised smirk. "That's the Cameron I want to see. Let yourself go. Give and you shall receive."

I snickered, imagining me doing things to him on my own, without being persuaded. It wasn't that I didn't want to. In fact I did. I wanted to be consumed in the moment, so much that I didn't dwell on any of my other problems.

Seth lifted my shirt over my head, leaving me in only a bra and panties. He licked his lips before tracing the lace on the edge of my bra. I watched my chest moving as my breathing became rapid. His eyes stayed fixed on my skin, and the way his touch gave me goose bumps. A tiny moan escaped my lips when he tugged on the cup, releasing my nipple to be in view. "Oh yeah. Excuse me while I just..." He sank down, sucking my hardened tip in between his teeth. I watched them dragging over my sensitive skin. While savoring the moment, I became fully aware of what was to come. To my dismay, I began to panic, pushing this sexy man off of me.

"I'm sorry. I just need a minute."

That one minute turned into many more. I ended up running into the bathroom, closing the door, and splashing cold water over my face. What was I doing?

A distinct knock came from the door, and I heard Seth addressing me. "Cameron, are you okay in there?"

I opened the door, seeing him standing there shirtless waiting for me. This was my last chance to change my mind. While fighting back the tears from both fear and anxiousness, I took two steps forward, breaking the distance between us. My hands grasped his pants, while our lips connected together. He picked me up with ease, carrying me back into the bedroom area. Instead of laying me back down on the bed, he sat me on the dresser, reaching around to unhook my bra. I felt it loosening, and watched as he backed away to remove it. Now, instead of just a nipple, he was staring at everything I had. Instinctively, I tried to cover up with my hands. He removed them, shaking his head while never taking his eyes off of them. It made me uncomfortable seeing him so mesmerized by parts of my body, almost like they were some prize he'd worked hard to acquire. "Stop doing that."

He sneered. "What?"

"Gawking."

"I prefer the word ogling."

I gave him a cynical gaze. "It's the same thing."

All of the sudden his face became stern. His brows furrowed, and he seemed conflicted. "I need to know you want this, because you're confusing the shit out of me. I don't want to make love to you, and have you run to your father claiming I took advantage of you."

I slid off the dresser, tugging him to follow me to the opposite side of the room. As our lips met, we both dropped down on the mattress. I climbed on top of him, keeping my eyes closed so I didn't lose focus, because I was with a new partner.

"Indulge yourself in this, Cameron."

I was certainly trying to. I let my body slide down off the bed as I pulled his pants with me. His bulge was apparent from beneath his boxer shorts, and I had to admit that I was eager to see the package that awaited me. I licked my lips as my hands traveled back up to the elastic of his underwear. I tugged them down, freeing his erection immediately. Hunger struck as I placed my eyes on his girth. I kissed his thigh while aiming my stare on what was right in front of me, begging for attention. My knees weakened when I tried to stand up to climb on the bed. I was aware of my body shaking, but chose to ignore it and progress with the task at hand, literally.

It was apparent that he expected me to please him orally, except I wasn't ready to open myself up to such an emotional connection. To me that was something special. I knew it was part of intimacy, albeit I couldn't allow everything I'd shared with Parker to become less memorable. I needed some things to stay precious. He was obviously the first man I'd done that to, and I was determined that the next man would be my husband.

Seth didn't seem to mind when I found his lips again. He flipped us around, only because he wanted to remove my panties. Just as I was fully exposed, completely naked, there was a knock on the door. "Cameron, I know you're in there."

I jumped off the bed, grabbing my shirt to cover my body.

It couldn't be him.

Parker couldn't be here.

Seth seemed irritated as he looked to me for a response. I shook my head, hopelessly thinking of what I wanted to do.

I had two obvious choices.

I could get dressed and spend the rest of the night crying to Parker so he didn't think I was some tramp, who'd rebounded immediately after our breakup.

I could ignore the door and give into temptation, because I deserved to be happy. Seth didn't lie to me. He'd wanted me for years, and I'd spent too long living in a bubble.

"Oh my god. That's my boyfriend. How did he know I was here?"

"I don't know, but I'm about to find out." Unfortunately, Seth took matters into his own hands, without running it by me first. He wrapped himself in a towel and headed for the door. I sat on the bed, staring at the ground while listening.

"Can I help you, kid?"

"Whatever, man. I'm looking for Cameron."

"What makes you think I know this Cameron?"

"Well, for starters, the purse I bought her last year for our anniversary was sitting out here in the hallway. Is she in there?"

"No. She's not in here. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm getting back to my shower." I heard the door close and saw Seth walking back in my direction. The tears were already streaming out from my eyes.

When I looked up at Seth he was smiling. "I should have known it was too good to be true."

"I don't understand."

"Get dressed, Cameron. I'm not in the mood to deal with all this drama. Maybe in a couple years, after you've grown out of this part of your life, we'll try again."

He walked into the bathroom, leaving me there all alone. I cried while redressing, trying to come to grips with what could have happened, and what I was now left to deal with.

Parker had come to the resort to talk to me, and now I had to explain exactly what I was doing; not because I owed it to him, but because I couldn't live with myself if I didn't.

Chapter 13

Parker

I'd driven all that way not knowing how I was going to find her. The barmaid wasn't very forthcoming, until I told her it as an emergency. She hesitated before pulling the receipt for Cameron's tab, which she always charged to her room number. I beat on her door, begging for her to acknowledge me, only to be let down when she never answered. It wasn't until I was leaving that I saw her purse leaning up against the wall at the opposite end of the hallway. After looking inside I saw her phone and identification. It was just dumb luck that there was a door right next to it.

The guy was a total douche, who made it clear that he hadn't seen her. The thing was, I could have sworn that I'd seen him around before. Since Cameron's parents took this trip every year, I wondered if he was part of their firm, and perhaps I'd met him at one of their parties that I'd attended with her.

Still, it didn't mean that she'd be in his room. Since I was determined to talk to her, I went and camped outside her door, hoping she'd eventually show up. Nothing could have prepared me for the feeling that I got when I looked down that hallway and saw her coming out of the same room I'd knocked on. Her head was down, and it was obvious that she was upset. She looked up and spotted me stopping immediately. I could see the fear in her eyes, as my stomach knotted up. She'd been in that room.

With him.

With her head hung down low, she approached me, sighing as we became face to face. "What are you doing here?"

I shook my head and snickered. "I thought I was comin' to catch you in a lie, but apparently you were tellin' the damn truth." I couldn't believe that my innocent girlfriend had just been in another room with a naked guy. From the look of her hair, I'd say they were doing a lot more than talking about the weather. "I can't even look at you."

I peered down the end of the hallway, expecting the guy to come out at any minute. "How long's this been goin' on?"

She shrugged. "What are you talking about?"

"Come on, Cam. Do I look like an idiot to you? I just got in my car and drove hours to prove to myself that you weren't movin' on. Then I get here and it's obvious that you're doin' just that. What I can't understand is how it's so easy for you, because it's tearin' me apart inside." I slid down to the floor, burying my head against my hands. I'd never experienced this kind of betrayal. The pain besieged me, enough to where I couldn't even talk about it.

We both heard a door shutting and turned in that direction. Thankfully it wasn't her friend. Cameron turned and inserted her keycard into the slot. She held the door open. "Come inside, Parker. I don't want everyone eavesdropping on our business."

As reluctant as I was, I stepped inside the confines of her room. She kicked off her shoes and lifted her shirt over her head. "Just let me take a shower, and we'll talk."

That stunned me. "Are you serious? Do you have to wash off the proof? What's wrong, Cam? Do you smell like him?"

She became offended. "Screw you. I came here with my parents and other partners in the firm. What I do is my business, since you're the one who clearly ended our relationship. Don't you dare come in here making assumptions that aren't true." She headed into the bathroom and turned on the shower. I could hear her sobbing, and even though I wanted to, I couldn't feel bad for what I'd said. She was ripping my heart out. Fighting back my own tears was becoming impossible. I looked up into the mirror and saw myself for the first time in days. My eyes had huge dark circles around them, and they were bloodshot. My hair was just as disheveled as Cameron's.

I could hear her in the bathroom, but it didn't sound like she'd gotten into the shower yet. I walked in there and found her leaning over the sink. She was bawling with snot running down over her lips. We looked at each other for a brief moment before I pulled her against my chest. "I'm so sorry, Parker. I just wanted the pain to go away. I thought it would help me forget about you."

I squinted, fighting with the inevitable. Warm liquid fell from my eyes as I became aware that I'd done all of this. It wasn't bad enough that I'd destroyed my relationship with my family, but now I'd ruined Cameron too. It was too much to handle.

For the longest time we stood there holding each other as steam filled the small bathroom. Finally Cameron pulled away and finished undressing. She turned to me before climbing into the shower. It was difficult for me to understand how I wanted to be with her, even after she'd just been with someone else. It was as if I desperately needed to know she still wanted me. Out of that hopelessness, I began removing my own clothes. Beyond that curtain was my reason for existing.

I pulled the plastic, waiting for a response from her. It was pleasing to see her motioning me to step inside. The hot water beat down on my back as I made that move. Cameron had her arms crossed over her chest. I didn't wait for her to adjust before drawing her into my hold. Her head once again rested perfectly against my body as I kissed her softly on top of the head. "Did it help?" As much as it hurt me to ask, I needed to know.

"I don't even want to discuss it. Please, can we just be here together?"

It would have been nice if I was able to do anything but think about another man's hands on my girlfriend. I thought about the way he'd touched her, and how she'd responded to him. I imagined her lips on his, getting a bad taste in my mouth like I was going to hurl. Then I went straight to seeing her naked in bed with him. I cringed and let go of her, looking away from the distaste of it. "How could you do it? How were you able to walk in that room with him? Who is he, Cam? I've seen that guy before. He works for your dad doesn't he?"

She nodded, but cried harder, scrunching up her face and concealing it with both hands. "Yes. He works for my dad. I've known him for years."

"So, is this the first time this has happened, or did you lie about me bein' your first?" Since she'd bled after our first time I knew I was overstepping. From the immediate pain in her eyes I could tell I'd hit a nerve.

"How dare you say that to me. You know you were my first, Parker. I'd never lie about that."

"But you'd lie about other things? He was in a f**kin' towel, and the guy wasn't wet. It doesn't take a genius to figure out that he wasn't in the f**kin' shower."

"He was getting in. I swear."

That just made it worse. "Oh really? Were you plannin' on joinin' him?"

She shoved me alongside the tile wall. "How dare you! You have no right to come in here insinuating what I've been doing with my time. You broke up with me, remember? I can see who I want."

"Oh, and I guess you can f**k who you want now too?" I wanted to hear her say it. I needed to know if that was how she felt. Our emotions were heightened, and this was the worst time to discuss something so important.

"Just get out. Leave me alone. You can't come here and control me. Your opinion doesn't matter anymore. Don't you get it? You've torn my heart out, Parker. You took our love and you threw it away. Do you have any idea how much it hurts?"

I shook my head, annoyed that she'd assume it was easy for me. "Are you serious? I feel like I'm dyin'."

"Then why did you do it? Why couldn't you trust me? What the hell are you afraid of?"

There it was; the reason this conversation had to end. "Just forget it."

I climbed out of the shower, grabbed a towel, and walked out of the bathroom to get dressed. She'd never be able to understand what I was going through, because I'd never be able to tell her.

I was a coward, afraid to face the truth, and determined to keep her away from it, even if it cost me our future.

While pulling my pants back on, I heard her slipping down to the floor in the shower, and sobbing so loud that I knew the people in the next room could hear. As much as it broke my heart I couldn't stay. She needed some kind of closure, and if finding it in the arms of someone else was the answer, I had to let her. She was right. I'd ended our relationship. I had no right to ask questions, or to judge. The person that Cameron was becoming was a direct reflection of what I'd done to her. Her actions were desperate, and probably well-thought. She wanted to forget about me, because it was her only way of coping.

I couldn't blame her. If there were some way for me to forget how much I loved her I'd have done it by now. Nevertheless, I had a little more experience than Cameron, so I knew it wasn't the solution. All I could hope was that time would heal our wounds.

Her cries continued, becoming even more unhinged than before. If her parents were in the next room they'd lose their shit. Since they already hated my guts, it was best if I didn't give them anymore reasons. I finished putting on my shoes and peeked into the bathroom. "I'm sorry I upset you, Cam. I'm just goin' to head back to school. I'll do my best to keep my distance. For what it's worth, I love you. That's never goin' to change. I'm not even goin' to bother lookin' for someone else; because I know they'll never be you."

I closed the door and rested my head on it for a second. The last thing I wanted to do was walk in public with tears streaming down my face. It was bad enough that I'd turned into such a pu**y. I didn't need the whole world knowing it.

Chapter 14

Cameron

It was killing me knowing that he'd caught me red-handed in such a compromising position. I couldn't bring myself to talk about it after feeling so ashamed. I never should have even gone along with that idiotic plan of mine. Now I'd messed things up more. Parker was never going to forgive me. He'd never want me back.

When I heard the door closing I knew he'd really left. Panic struck me, and I rushed toward it, frantically hoping that I could make him stay. I managed to grab a towel before trudging out into the hallway completely naked. Parker turned around when he heard me calling his name.

A couple things transpired all at once.

Parker had tears running down his face. "Why should I?"

Seth came out of his room, curious to know who was yelling.

My father came out of his room across the hall.

I pulled the towel over all of my appendages, trying my best to ignore all of their stares, and focus on Parker. "Please just come back inside."

He looked at my father, and then to me. With his head down to the ground, he walked past me, entering the room. Before I could join him, and get over my newest catastrophe, I felt my dad grabbing my arm. "Cameron, what's he doing here? Why are you standing in the hall this inappropriate? You know better, young lady."

I had to think of something, so that Parker wasn't asked to leave. For a second I turned my attention down the hall, where Seth was still standing. Loud enough so they would both hear I addressed his question. "I invited him. Sorry for the interruption. I'll just go inside now."

"Cameron, get back here." I could see the anger in my father's eyes, and knew I wouldn't hear the end of it in the morning, but it didn't stop me from walking away. For the time being, I had to convince Parker to talk to me. He had to know that I was sorry for my actions.

Once inside my room, I found him sitting on the bed. His hands were up to his face, but I already knew he was upset. I walked up to him, wrapping my arms around his neck. He didn't look up, or push me away, which was a good sign. At least he was letting me touch him.

After a few seconds I felt his hands over my waist, making their way behind my back. He pulled me closer, holding me as he sniffled. It was obvious that he was heartbroken, and the shock of seeing him that way was devastating to me. It wasn't just the fact that we'd broken up, it was the idea that I'd been with another man.

My actions triggered these most recent complications to our already severed relationship. It killed me seeing him react this way, knowing he'd come so far to prove my intentions were false. I hated myself for bringing Seth into my problems, especially now when I knew the repercussions. "Parker, I need to tell you something."

"I don't want to hear it, Cam. I can't take it. Picturing you with someone else is makin' me sick."

"I don't want you to leave." It was the truth. I didn't care if I'd made out with another man, or come so close to sleeping with him. I wanted to be with Parker. "Please don't go."

He pushed me to the side and wiped his face with his arm. Seeing him in such a vulnerable state was still getting to me. I began to break down uncontrollably. Before I could even listen to his response I was falling onto the bed beside him, losing restrain over myself. Parker didn't tend to me like he normally would have. We were side by side, me lying down, and him sitting up. He'd seemed to calm down, while I was steady sobbing.

Then he reached out and touched my hand with his. "I don't want to leave either, babe. It's killing me to be here, but I don't want to walk out that door, because I'm afraid it will be the end of whatever we still have left."

I sat up and looked at him, even though it was difficult. "I know."

He took his hand and rubbed the back of it over my cheek. I closed my eyes, appreciating his touch more than he could ever know. "Do you like him?"

Like was such a juvenile word. "He's a nice man."

"That's not what I was askin' you. Are you interested in that guy, Cam?"

"What does it even matter? Just because you're jealous doesn't mean it's going to change what's happened."

"Yes or no." He still wouldn't let it go.

"I can't like anyone when I'm still in love with you. Are you happy now? Is that what you wanted; to break me down and make me feel like shit?"

He sighed and turned to look away from me. "Did you f**k him?"

His choice of words weren't what I would have selected. "Do you think I did?"

My lips were trembling even before he answered. "Yeah."

"I wanted to." I wasn't going to lie. "I wanted to be with someone who didn't push me away."

"Good for you." He stood up and walked toward the window. In one swift move he shoved everything off the dresser, sending things flying all over the carpet. "This is just f**kin' great!"

I'd seen Parker lose his temper, but never been the real cause of it. "I didn't go through with it," I whispered.

He turned slowly, his eyes full of anger. "What?"

I shrugged. "I didn't sleep with Seth. I could have, but I didn't."

His shoulders relaxed, and I watched as he slowly calmed down. "Why not?"

"You know why." It was okay that he wanted a reason, but I was sure he already knew what it was.

Parker closed the distance between us, coming to stand directly in front of me. He lifted my chin and repeated the question. "Why not?"

I never flinched when I responded. "Because you showed up, and I felt like I was betraying you. Because you're the only man I want to be with."

He pulled me close, wrapping his arms around me again. I began to cry again, losing it for the umpteenth time. He had to know how much all of this was hurting me. I, at least, hoped that he did.

"I can't be without you, Cam. I can't do it." He held both sides of my face and looked into my eyes once more. "We've got to find a way to make this work."

Just hearing him offer that brought more feelings to the table. I became overawed with hope.

"I'll do anything."

He took two steps back, releasing his hands from my face. "Anything?"

"Yes. Just tell me what you want."

"Cam, I need you to forget about the shit with my family. You've got to let it go, and never bring it up again. I get that it's askin' you a lot, but it's got nothin' to do with you and me. I made a promise to certain people, and I won't go back on it. I'm sorry, but it's got to be this way."

"Okay."

He seemed shocked that I was so aggressive with my answer. "Are you sure?"

I nodded. "I'm positive. I won't ever ask you about it again. I won't meddle in your family drama. Parker, I'll do anything. I'm serious. These days without you have been torture. I miss you so much."

He held out his hand. When I offered mine, he pulled me close. Our lips brushed. "I won't ask about you and that guy anymore. We both need to leave the past alone and move forward. You're all I need in my life. All the rest of the shit is irrelevant."

After being so confused I finally had Parker back in my life. It was going to be difficult, but I was determined to get over whatever he was keeping from telling me. No matter what it was, I did believe that it had nothing to do with our relationship. Maybe one day he'd want to let me in, but for the meantime, I had to respect his wishes.

I never did get dressed. Instead I climbed in bed next to Parker and let him hold me. It was surprising that he didn't want to be intimate. I think in the back of his mind he was still disgusted over me messing around with someone else.

It felt like I'd cheated, even though I knew it wasn't the case. It didn't matter anyway. Being with Seth didn't keep my thoughts of Parker away. They'd only made me feel worse inside.

It was nice to be back in my lover's arms, having him hold me tight. Every once in a while we'd kiss, and I'd feel so overcome with joy. Our time apart had only proven that our love was real. The intense feelings that I shared with Parker had brought us back together. I was fully aware of the saying 'sometimes love isn't enough'. We didn't just have love though. We had friendship, and trust. I knew he had secrets, but in my heart I understood why. He'd never hurt me, and I needed to make sure I never hurt him.

Parker fell asleep shortly after we'd climbed into bed. As exhausted as I was, I stayed up for a while longer staring at him. I didn't mean to gawk like a teenager, but it's exactly what I was doing. I'd gone from falling apart to being utterly ecstatic. Those kinds of mood swings weren't something I was privy to.

I was going to need to apologize to Seth for my actions. I had no idea what I'd say to him, or even if it mattered. He'd probably lost any desire to befriend me anyway. Not only had I rejected him, but I'd probably humiliated him as well. I was so glad that we hadn't had sex, because I knew I would have never been able to forgive myself.

Once I'd finally settled down, I closed my eyes and found peace. Tomorrow was another day, but at least I knew I wouldn't be doing it alone.

I had Parker back, and although things were far from perfect, I was going to take what I could get.

Chapter 15

Parker

Nothing was really solved.

I still had a huge secret that I was keeping from Cameron, and she'd messed around with a guy, which rubbed me the wrong way. The damage was done, but I couldn't let her go. There was no way that I was going to let her slip away from me, not after feeling what it was like to be without her.

I woke that morning next to my naked girlfriend. She was nestled up close, her arm flung over my chest. I climbed out of bed to relieve myself, and returned, hoping that I hadn't woken her. In just those few seconds I found her sitting up looking around the room. She messed with her hair, trying her hardest to settle down the mess from sleeping. "Hi."

It was easy to get back into the warm bed since she was in it. I pulled off my shirt before letting her climb on top of me. "My dad's going to freak out on me. We should probably leave before he gets up."

I didn't see the problem with me being there. I'd come on this trip with her for two years. The first time was the worst, since we weren't allowed to sleep in the same room. We still managed to sneak anyway, but it wasn't the point. She was over eighteen and still being treated like an adolescent. In many ways I hated it, but knew I couldn't complain. I had my girlfriend back, and we'd owed no one any explanations, because nobody else mattered when it came to us being together.

"I'm not afraid of your dad, babe."

"Can we just go before it causes a scene. He obviously knows something happened last night. I'd rather get out of here, and avoid seeing him altogether."

I wasn't going to fight with her since I couldn't stand the guy. My beef with him stemmed from the way he'd brought his daughter up. They sent her away, never showing her the kind of love that every child needs. Cameron was the smartest person I'd ever met, but she had no social skills. She didn't even have street smarts. It was unfortunate, because she'd need them when she got that law degree.

We packed up her things and headed out without being spotted. Cameron was going to have to face him at some point, and I honestly didn't want to be in the room when he addressed his concerns. There had been too many times where I wished I could punch him in the face for being a douche.

It felt nice having her beside me as I drove back to campus, and even better when we headed back to my room together. Cameron stayed in the dorm, but I'd since converted to live at the frat house. I had my own room. It wasn't anything to write home about, but it was private, and she could finally stay the night.

Since it was so new to us to be able to sleep in the same bed without really sneaking around, I planned on taking full advantage of it. I'd been reluctant at first to bring her around. I think I wanted to know it was okay, before pissing people off. After seeing several of my frat brothers having guests overnight, I was certain that it was acceptable.

It also made Cameron feel better about my current living conditions. She wasn't too keen on me being around so many women, and the ladies seemed to love hanging out every night. Of course, I wasn't interested. I already had the hottest chick for myself.

Her phone started ringing off the hook as soon as we climbed into bed. Each call was from the same number, and I watched her cringe every time she checked. "Just turn it off, Cam. He's not going to stop callin' until you answer."

"If I don't answer he'll come looking for me."

"So what if he does? You're an adult, and it's time he learns to deal with it." I was tired of watching her living under his rules. "Look, if we're goin' to be together than I don't want him breathin' down our backs. He needs to be engrossed in something else besides you."

Finally I watched her turn off the phone. She giggled and snuggled up next to me. "Fine. You win. Next he'll probably start calling you."

"My phone's been off since we left the lodge. It's not like anyone would be callin' me anyway. The only person I need to hear from is you."

That would have been the truth on any day, except on this particular one. Not even an hour later someone knocked on my door. He had the fraternity landline in his hand. "Dude, your mom is on the phone. She said she's been trying to reach you. Your sister is in labor."

Oh shit!

I jumped out of bed and rushed for the phone. "Hello?"

"Parker, it's me, mom. Your sister went to the hospital a couple hours ago. Her contractions are four minutes apart. I know she wanted you to be there for the birth. We're all on our way now."

"Crap. I'm comin'. I'll be there in a couple hours. I don't suppose you can tell her to cork it up until I get there?"

"Just be careful on the road, Parker. I'm sure she won't care what time you arrive."

Cameron sat up in my bed, finally realizing what was going on. I watched her jump up and start gathering her clothes. We weren't naked, but we certainly weren't decent enough to go out in public.

"We'll see you soon, mom."

I hung up the phone and handed it back to my frat buddy. "Thanks, man. Sorry about that."

"It's all good, dude." He walked back down the steps, as I turned to put a shirt on. One hit me in the face. "Here. Put this one on," Cameron ordered.

We raced down the road, ignoring my mother's orders to take my time. I wanted to be there for my sister. It was a promise that I intended on keeping.

To be perfectly honest, I barely remember the drive. Cameron fell asleep almost immediately. She'd always been able to sleep in a car, where I'd never mastered the technique. Anyway, my mind was so focused on Peyton, almost like she was thinking about me, and I could feel it. I know that sounds ridiculous, but we'd always shared a special kind of connection. It's the main reason why I knew I had to be there for her.

When I pulled up at the hospital I spotted my parent's truck, Shayne's vehicle, and even Jamey's SUV. More family was probably there, not that I was worried about seeing anyone else.

Cameron looked at me as I put the car into park. "I've never seen a newborn before. It's so exciting."

I had to admire her innocence, and the fact that we were back together. When I got a chance I'd explain what went down to Shayne, just so he wouldn't get worried. "I'm not a baby expert either, babe. I think the most important thing is that we're there for Peyton."

She reached over and grabbed my hand. "Thanks for bringing me along. It means a lot to me."

I let out an air-filled laugh. "Cam, get used to it. I'm not lettin' you go again."

"Is that a promise?"

I nodded. "I reckon it is."

It took us a while to figure out where the maternity ward was, and even longer to find a nurse to tell us what room my sister was in. Apparently it was a full moon, and every pregnant woman in the county was in labor. Okay maybe it wasn't every pregnant woman in town, but it certainly was a whole lot of them. Doctors were running through the hallways from room to room.

I was surprised when we were welcomed into the delivery room. My family was packed in like sardines, including Jamey and his mother. He nodded as we came into the room, right before I noticed my brother. He walked over and put his hand on my shoulder. "She's been askin' about you."

I headed in the direction of my sister, who seemed to be fine at that moment. "Hey, you. I guess I made it."

Peyton tried to smile, but I could tell she was uncomfortable. "Yeah, this little one's givin' me a fight." Her smile was fake but I could tell she was excited.

"I guess when you start pushin' they'll kick us all out of here."

"Hell no! You're all stayin'. You don't have to watch my crotch, but I want you here, Parker. I want everyone to share this with me."

"You're crazy. I'm not watchin' that thing come out of you." I was more afraid than grossed out. Babies scared the crap out of me. "Besides, I brought Cameron with me."

Peyton turned her attention to my girlfriend. "Do you want to leave, Cam?"

"I can stay. Childbirth has always intrigued me."

Of course my girlfriend would say something like that. "Seriously? You want to be in the room?"

Shayne and Jamey were in the corner talking, I gave them a desperate look, hoping they'd have my back, but I wasn't even on their radar. I think my brother was trying to prepare Jamey for what was to come. When my sister started to complain, I knew I had to step away. The idea of it all was turning my stomach.

Chaos broke out as soon as the doctor came in the room and looked between my sister's legs. I stayed up toward her head, hoping and praying that I wouldn't see anything too graphic. I'd seen guys break their legs in half, whose bones came out of their skin, and it didn't bother me as much as seeing my sister give birth. There was just something so horrifying about the whole ordeal.

Cameron hung out with my mother, coaxing Peyton as she began to push. Jamey walked over and held her hand, while me, Shayne and my father stood on the opposite side of the room. Jamey's mother was behind the doctor, watching it all happen. I kept looking from Peyton to Cameron, watching how both reacted to what was happening. My sister screamed, even though I'd been told she had an epidural.

With all of the people in the room, I seemed to be the only one totally freaking out. Then came the blood. I saw it on the doctor's gloves. Apparently when my sister would push, the head would come out, and then go back in again. I couldn't even watch Peyton as she struggled to birth her child. Finally a slippery baby was being held up. "Congratulations, it's a girl." The nurses took the baby and started cleaning her up. I thought the worst was over. Just as I started to walk toward the door to use the bathroom I saw something coming out of my sister. It was like she had another baby in there. I covered my mouth and went running for the toilet. While the people in the room celebrated the birth of this new addition, I struggled with keeping the last thing I ate down. Even though I felt horrible about it, I couldn't imagine going back out there and seeing anything else.

Shayne came into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. "I got lightheaded when the twins were born. It's nothin' you can prepare yourself for."

"You could have warned me. What the f**k was that shit at the end? Is it normal? Is somethin' wrong with her?"

He laughed at me. "It's the afterbirth, brother. It's normal. Peyton is goin' to be fine. She did great. Her daughter is adorable."

I splashed some water on my face. "Yeah, I need to congratulate her."

"Come on. I'll go with you."

I followed my brother into the room of people and found my sister holding her newborn daughter. She was cleaned off, and wrapped in one of those receiving blankets. I only knew what they were called because she'd gotten a ton of them at her shower.

Once my brother took his turn holding her, everyone turned to me. Before I could refuse the offer, the little child was being put into my arms. All eyes were on me, including my parents.

I knew what they were thinking, and I couldn't help but feel guilt as I looked down at my little niece. Her fingers were so tiny, and she was already alert, with her eyes open. It took my breath away, and it was in that moment when I finally realized just how precious this was. It was also in that moment where I knew I needed reprieve from all of the emotions that were consuming my thoughts. I had to hold it together, because my choice had already been made. I couldn't go back in time and change my mind. What was done was done.

"Isn't she perfect?" Peyton asked.

"Yeah, sis. You did real good. She's as cute as a button."

"Are you okay, Parker? Really, is this too much?"

I shook my head. "No. I'm here because I want to be. Don't worry about me. This day is all about you and this little girl."

"Her name is Lyla, Lyla Billings," she corrected. I watched her turn to Jamey, giving him an innocent smile. They now had a daughter together; something that would bond them for life. It was just another reminder of how I'd f**ked up in life.

Just as I turned to hand her back to my sister, I heard Cameron. "Do you mind if I have a turn?"

Nothing could have prepared me for the way it made me feel to watch her hold that baby.

Chapter 16

Cameron

The baby in my arms was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. I couldn't take my eyes off of her, and it made me sad that I had to give her over to her daddy, who'd only got to hold her for a second before everyone started passing her around.

I wasn't certain, but I got this vibe from Parker that something was wrong. It was as if he couldn't wait to get out of that hospital room. Once we'd said our goodbyes, and agreed to stay at Peyton's house for the night, we headed out. Parker never said a word until we reached the car. "That was intense."

"It was amazing. I've never witnessed something so beautiful before."

"Cam, it was disgustin'. All that blood; the pain she was in, it was all just too much. I can't stand to see my sister like that."

He was cute when he was freaked out. "The baby is perfect, and your sister is over the moon with excitement. I hope you know that."

"Yeah, of course. Sorry, I'm not trying to upset anyone. I guess I'm not good with hospitals. There were so many people in the room, and I didn't feel comfortable seein' Peyton like that."

"So you do think the baby's cute?" I wanted to hear him admit it.

"Yeah, she's adorable. My sister did good. Jamey seems like he's excited. I admire him for steppin' up and takin' care of Peyton. For a while there I didn't think he had it in him."

"He loves your sister. Anyone can see that. Now they're a family. It's sweet. I hope one day we can have that." I felt uncomfortable talking about the future when we'd just gotten back together. I suppose it was my way of questioning Parker without him being aware of it.

"We will. We've just got a lot to go through before we think about startin' a family. If I'm signed I'll be travelin' all the time. You've got years of school left. We'll just have to be patient. It would be nice if we could break the cycle and get married first. My brother and sister did it all backwards. Maybe my parents would respect me for stayin' focused."

I hated hearing how long I had to wait to start a family, especially considering the excitement I'd felt when I held that baby in my arms. "You seem like you have our lives all planned out. I don't know whether to feel overwhelmed or relieved."

He started pulling out of the hospital parking lot. The roads were empty since it was late at night, and even though I'd taken a nap, I still felt exhausted.

Parker reached over, taking my hand into his. "I'm awfully glad we're goin' to be together. For what it's worth, I'm sorry for pushin' you away, babe. I've been dealin' with some personal shit, and I never should have taken it out on you. You aren't the problem."

I knew I wasn't allowed to ask what was. I'd promised him that I wouldn't pry. As much as it killed me not knowing, our being together was more important. Many wouldn't understand how I could even consider trusting him again, but for some reason I was still hopelessly devoted to him. If he said that we were going to be okay, I believed him, because it's all I wanted.

Waking up next to Parker always made my mornings, especially when I knew we didn't have to get up and get ready for class. While Parker slept soundly next to me, I made my way into the newly decorated nursery. It was a shame that the guest room had been converted since our last visit. We'd always had a place to crash when we came. Even though they had a sleeper sofa, it wasn't exactly private since it was in the living room.

I glided my hands over the wooden crib, while looking inside to see all the cute stuffed animals. The baby was going to sleep in a bassinet in Peyton and Jamey's room for the first couple of months, so the crib was basically not going to be used. I admired that they'd gone to such trouble getting it all set up. It only showed how excited they both were to become parents.

While standing there I felt something that I couldn't explain.

It was stability.

I wanted to feel confident in my relationship with Parker. Just because we'd made up didn't mean all was right with us. I think the excitement of him coming to the Poconos blinded me from being able to accept that we had problems. At some point I was going to have to address them, but now, after everything, I feared that even something as small as that would make me lose Parker for good.

I heard him walking around, and turned to see him standing in the doorway. "What are you doin'?"

I felt like I'd done something wrong. "Sorry. I was just checking out the decor. I still can't stop thinking about the baby. She's so tiny and fragile. The closest I've ever came to a baby before last night was a doll. It's just so surreal how another can create life like that."

"Babe, please don't say you want to have a baby right now. I can't even tell you how bad of an idea that would be."

"I don't. Give me some credit, Parker. I know what raising a child entails. Neither of us is in any position to do that. Besides, I think we need some time to recuperate our relationship before we jumped right into such an important decision, don't you?"

"Yes." After agreeing with me, Parker retreated to the bathroom. I knew that we'd planned on stopping by the hospital for a second time before heading back to school, so neither of us would miss classes the next morning.

Even though my mind was consumed with the baby, Parker didn't mention her even once on the way over to see her. He didn't really talk about anything except having to get the oil changed in my car. I found it odd that such an endearing moment with his family wouldn't strike his desire to be a part of it. Even though we were going, he seemed so withdrawn.

It was clearer when we went into the room and saw the baby for the second time. I couldn't wait to get my hands on the little bundle, while Parker chatted with his sister and Jamey. When given the option to hold her, he flatly declined. What was equally more concerning for me was that Peyton didn't even seem to question it.

It made no sense. They were twins, who'd shared a connection since the womb. How could he not be swooning over this beautiful baby?

It was difficult to say goodbye when he'd announced that we were leaving. More than anything I wanted to stick around, playing with her little fingers, and memorizing that sweet face. Once again, Parker said nothing as we started on our journey home. It finally got to a point where I felt uncomfortable.

"Are you going to tell me what's up with you?"

"What do you mean?" He grabbed my hand and lifted it to his lips, as if nothing was wrong at all.

"You're being too quiet, and you didn't want to hold your niece. It's weird."

Parker looked at me for a second before turning his attention back to the road. I appreciated that he always liked to drive, but wondered if it was because I scared him when I got behind the wheel.

"Everything's fine. I'm tired, that's all. I've been drivin' around all weekend."

"That doesn't explain why you wouldn't hold Lyla."

"I'm not good with babies, Cam. One day maybe that will change, but for now I feel uncomfortable." He glanced at me, seeing firsthand what that statement had done to me. I felt so sad, like there was going to come a time when he said he didn't want children at all. He would be going back on his word, and it hurt me. "Come on now, don't get all upset. Just because I'm not ready to be a dad doesn't mean I don't want kids. One day I promise I'll be ready. Besides, when it's our kids I won't want to let them go."

That made me perk right up; and I began wondering if I was also a little too tired to be concerned about his actions. We'd been on the road more than usual, and the added stress of Friday night was really hard on both of us. I didn't have to remind myself that Parker was a good man, because I knew he was.

I closed my eyes shortly after our conversation, content with knowing that someday we'd have a family. As my body dozed off my thoughts were of a fantasy that I'd built in my mind, a daydream of sorts. Parker was a loving husband. I was a lawyer, of course. We had three children, one of which was a little girl. She had his bright blue eyes, and a set of sugar-bowl dimples. Her blonde hair was full of ringlet curls, and they bounced as she ran to jump into his arms. His hug was the most beautiful act of love that I'd ever witnessed, and I suddenly felt complete inside, like there was nothing more I could ever want for.

I knew it was just an envious fantasy that I'd concocted in my head, but it felt so real. I wanted that life, and someday we'd make it happen.

Chapter 17

Parker

Last night when Cameron had held little Lyla, my dad pulled me aside to whisper his opinions in my ear. He made it clear that watching me hold the baby made him angry inside, because I'd given up my own. After feeling so emotional over holding her, I knew I couldn't let myself feel that again.

All I was to my dad was a disappointment, and this new addition to our family made it more obvious.

I would have liked to been able to spend more time with my sister, but knew it was best if we left before things got intense. Shayne seemed fine about me bringing Cameron back into my life, and with his approval alone; it was enough progress for me with this visit.

Even after I'd gotten halfway back to campus there was one thing on my mind. Cameron seemed to be crazy about the baby. I'd never seen her so captivated by anything before. I knew she'd never been around many little children, so it was all a new experience, but seeing her standing in the nursery was an eye-opener. I didn't want her getting some crazy notion to go off her birth control pills and see what would come of it. She needed to know that having a baby with me right now was the worst mistake of her life. I couldn't even begin to imagine what my family would do if that happened.

I felt content when she fell asleep, leaving me to a quiet car to calm my nerves. I knew it was just excitement getting her all worked up, but it still worried me enough to where I couldn't clear my head.

Once we arrived back at the college Cameron announced that she needed to go back to her room to study for an anticipated test. I wasn't too concerned about seeing her off, since my mind was in disarray. We kissed goodbye and I watched her walk into her building before driving her car over to where the frat house was located. Cameron didn't care since we drove everywhere together anyway.

My room seemed entirely too empty without her around, so rather than beg her to come spend the night, I decided to go to sleep. Rest would make me feel better, and hopefully get over the strange feelings that I couldn't seem to shake.

Cameron

It didn't matter how many times he's reassured me. Parker was acting weird again. I knew it all stemmed from that secret he was keeping, and as much as I'd promised myself not to pry, I couldn't help but wonder if there was something I could do to make it all better.

I'd told a little lie to Parker to keep from spending the night. I'd already pretty much memorized the topics on the upcoming test. The only reason I wanted to go back to my room was because I felt irritated. My head was pounding, and I knew I'd have to deal with my parents before I could even think about actually going to sleep.

After changing into some comfortable clothes I turned on my phone and listened to the slew of messages left by them. To say they weren't pleased with my decisions would have been an understatement. I believe one of their threats included them taking my car away.

Now I realize that they paid for the vehicle, but Parker had been right to say that they were in total control over me. I was an adult, and they were still punishing me as if I were a child. It made me wonder if they were ever the adorning type of parents that I'd imagined them being when I was an infant. I wondered if they'd ever swooned over me, or talked like a baby just to see me smile. For as far back as I could recall I only remembered them being serious. It saddened me to think about my childhood like it was a military camp, as if their only reason for getting pregnant was out of some long-term business decision.

Who does that?

With great regret I dialed my father's number, prepared for his wrath.

"It's about time. Do you mind telling me what the hell is going on? We didn't teach you to have this kind of behavior, young lady."

I pinched my nose to relieve the pressure. "I'm sorry. Parker and I resolved our problems, and then his sister went into labor." I may have lied about the reason for leaving, but she did have the baby that night.

The line was silent for a second. "This doesn't excuse your actions at the resort, Cameron. You are aware that you were in public wearing nothing but a towel. A member of my firm saw you. Do you have any idea what kind of damage that can do to your future?"

I was so angry that he'd brought Seth into the conversation. "If you're talking about Seth then I can assure you he won't say anything."

"What gives you that impression?" Leave it to my father to not take my word for it.

"Because he's the reason I was naked in the first place, Dad. Are you happy now? Is that what you wanted to hear? Did you really want to know that before Parker showed up I was in Seth's room?"

"Seth Anderson asked me if he could court you a long time ago, so no, it doesn't surprise me. What surprises me are your actions. What made you invite Parker to the lodge?"

I had to find an idea that would bring it all together. "I wanted to make him jealous, so I used Seth to my advantage."

"I'm very disappointed in you, Cameron."

"Really, because I learned to be sneaky from watching you win cases. I think you're just surprised that I'm being honest about it." Which I certainly wasn't.

"This is unacceptable. I will not have my daughter whoring herself around a ski resort."

I let out a sigh. "I didn't sleep with your associate, and I didn't sleep with Parker that night either. It's sad that you'd throw your own daughter under the bus, calling me with such ridiculous threats to get your way. Parker was right. It's time I stand up for myself, and do what I want with my life."

"What's that supposed to mean?" He asked.

"I'll let you know once I have it all figured out. Goodbye, Dad. Tell Mom I'll be calling soon." I hung up the phone shaking so bad that I clapped my hands together to keep from noticing it so much. I didn't know whether I wanted to laugh or cry.

What had gotten into me?

Apparently I'd had enough. I was sick of being controlled. This was my life and I was going to live it the way I wanted. The question was, if I was on the right path already.

I probably should have called Parker to tell him about my phone call, but I was still having a hard time dealing with his actions. Since I didn't want to break up again, I decided that it was best to sleep on it.

That night my head continued to pound. It became so excruciating that I took more than the normal dosage of medication to try and relieve it. By the next morning it had only worsened. Fear struck me when I thought about Ashley, and what she'd gone through. Had stress caused me to have a tumor in my head?

When I got up to go to the bathroom, I discovered that my underwear were soiled in blood. While steadily freaking out, I managed to get Parker on the phone.

"Good morning, babe."

"Parker, there's no time for that. Come get me. We need to go to the hospital immediately."

"Why? What's wrong?"

"There's blood everywhere," I cried.

"I'm coming now. Stay where you are."

"I'm standing in the middle of my room. I'm so scared. I sat down to use the bathroom and it was everywhere."

"Hang tight. I'll be there in two minutes."

Parker stayed on the phone with me until he was knocking on my door. He held my hand on the way to the car, even though it wasn't necessary. The whole way to the hospital he tried to coax me to calm down. I knew he was just as concerned, after seeing the amount of blood on my sheets and down my legs. Once we pulled up at the hospital I was hunched over with pains so excruciating that I thought I was going to throw up. Parker offered to call my parents, but I'd pissed my dad off and didn't want him badgering me until I knew what was wrong with me.

Two hours later I was seen by a doctor. I'd changed into a hospital gown, and had several tests done as soon as I'd arrived, including blood and urine. They asked me a million questions, including if I thought I was pregnant. I responded by letting them know that I was on birth control, and had gotten my period last month.

Behind the doctor came a technician with a large machine on wheels. The doctor felt my stomach, before letting the tech step in. I was scared they were going to tell me that something was terminally wrong with me. I'd never gotten sick like this. She put the device up to my stomach and started pointing to objects talking in medical terms. Parker held my hand, just as confused as I was. She then wrapped this device around my belly and a constant thumping filled the room. "Well that's strange," the doctor said as he turned to address his concerns. "I think I've figured out what's causing the bleeding. I'm sorry to say that you're having a miscarriage. I ordered this test to make sure we didn't need to do a procedure, but in doing so we've discovered a second fetus. That sound you hear is your baby's heartbeat. It's very strong. It appears as though you were carrying twins, and one of them didn't survive. The test revealed that fetus number two is intact. Many women have this occur, and we'll just need to keep you monitored overnight to make sure the bleeding stops. You're going to need to contact an OB/GYN to set up an appointment as soon as possible. For the first few months he or she may categorize you as high-risk. They'll have you come in more frequently, and probably do some extra tests to ensure the pregnancy is going as scheduled. Do you have any other questions?"

At this point I'd lost my ability to communicate. Tears were streaming down my face, and I couldn't even look at Parker, who at some point had let go of my hand. This couldn't be happening to me. "I'm not pregnant. I had my period last month. I take my pill every day."

"The monitor doesn't lie, ma'am. You're about ten to eleven weeks along according to the measurements. Some women do experience what they think is a light period during the first few months. If it becomes heavier you'll need to come back to the ER."

I wasn't trying to discredit his medical knowledge. I think I was in such shock that I needed him to repeat what he'd just said. "I haven't even been sick."

"Again, many women don't experience any changes. Some have breast tenderness, headaches, nausea, vomiting, and even head colds. The symptoms of pregnancy aren't always what people would expect. Every woman's body is different."

We spoke for a few more minutes until I literally ran out of questions to ask. The bottom line was that somehow I'd gotten pregnant, and the man sitting next to me was as white as a ghost.

"Parker, say something."

He wouldn't even look at me.

"Parker, please. I need you to say something."

He reached up and covered his face with his hands. "This can't be happenin'."

"Parker, we're having a baby. I know the timing isn't what we would have liked, but we can't change that." I leaned up on my elbows, concerned about his choice of words.

"We just talked about this, Cam. I just said that I wasn't ready to be a father. How can you sit there so calm knowin' how I feel? Did you expect me to jump for joy? This isn't somethin' to celebrate." Before I could respond, or break into a cry fit, Parker got up and walked out of the room, leaving me there vulnerable, and all alone.

Chapter 18

Parker

This couldn't be happening to me; to us.

It was a nightmare that I swore I was going to wake up from. My sister's birth must have still been on my mind so much that it was now playing tricks on me. There was no way that my girlfriend could be pregnant. She was adamant about taking her pills and being so responsible.

As the time lapsed I was coming to the realization that it wasn't a dream at all. Cameron was pregnant, and I was the father.

It was the wrong decision to make, but I had to get out of that room to get some air. The cool wind hit my face as soon as I was outside, giving me more proof that I was wide-awake. Out of all the things that could have happened in my life this was the last thing that I ever expected. I'd already been through this ordeal once. If my parents found out about it a second time they'd disown me. The worst part of it all was not being able to explain my reaction to Cameron. She was never going to forgive me for walking out of that hospital room, not that I could blame her. I didn't deserve her forgiveness. At the scariest moment in her life I'd abandoned her, and I absolutely hated myself for it.

Knowing that she was in there probably staring at the door, waiting for my return, I had to figure out what I was going to do. The unfortunate shock had left me scatterbrained.

My hands became sweaty, and I could feel bile rising in my throat. My head began to spin, so much that I had to sit down to steady myself. For those few moments I felt like my life was going to be over.

Then I called my brother. He'd been there for me before, and I was hoping he'd know what I should do now. It was hard to imagine what to say to someone who I'd almost ruined their life, but I couldn't think of one other person that would listen. I didn't have friends that I trusted with this kind of information, and I certainly couldn't call Peyton. She'd just had a baby, and was settling into having a family. Her opinions would be biased.

Shayne answered after two rings. "Hey, Parker. What's up?"

"I f**ked up again, bro. I f**ked up so bad that I don't know what I'm goin' to do."

"Slow down. What are you talkin' about? What happened?"

It was ridiculous to try to sugar coat it in any way. Shayne wanted the truth. "It's Cameron. She's in the hospital."

"What the hell is goin' on? Did you hurt her?"

"No. Of course not! I'd never lay a hand on a woman. It's nothin' like that. She's in the hospital because she was havin' a miscarriage. I didn't know she was pregnant, man. I swear to God."

"Shit. Is she all right? What do you need me to do, man?"

"Shayne, it was twins." I couldn't believe that I was going to say it, so I paused to make sure I could go through with it. "One of them survived. Cam's in shock and I just had to walk away. I'm losin' it, bro. I can't handle this. What am I supposed to do now?"

"I can't believe you called me with this, Parker. It's messed up in so many ways. I hope you know that." The line went silent. When he spoke again his voice was calmer. "There's only one thing you can do."

I was almost afraid to even ask. "What's that?"

"First you're goin' to need to go in there and beg her to forgive you for actin' like an ass. Then you'll need to face the fact that the woman you love is carryin' your child. The timin' may suck, but shit happens. You're goin' to be a father."

"I'm not ready for this shit, Shayne. Cam and I talked about this already. Hell, we just got back together."

"Parker, you know as well as I do that life takes us in directions we don't plan."

"Mom and Dad are never goin' to forgive me this time. There's no way they'll understand."

Shayne laughed at me. "Do you hear yourself? You're an adult now. It's not their decision to make. Besides, they'll forgive you, just like I have. We all make mistakes. Look, Mom and Dad are going nuts over Peyton's little one. Don't think for a second that they wouldn't welcome another grandchild into the family. We're all blood. You can't ever forget that."

Something Shayne said caught my attention more than anything else. "You really think they'd forgive me?"

Shayne snickered on the other end of the phone. "You're their son. Dad might be a hard ass, but he talks about you all the damn time. Parker, he just wants you to learn from your mistakes. He wants you to be responsible. This is your chance. Show them you can be a father to your kid."

As soon as he said it I knew he'd get upset with himself. There were still certain things that were so touchy to talk about. I hated that every conversation reverted back to the twins, making my brother feel absolutely vulnerable that I'd one day want to take them from him. That alone left me wondering how my family could ever deal with this latest bout from my life. It was as if everything I touched turned to shit. "Shayne, I know what you meant. Look, I didn't call you to get you upset about the twins. I told you before, and I'll keep tellin' ya, I'm never goin' to take them away from you. I'm content watchin' them grow up under one roof with two parents that love them."

"I know. I appreciate you remindin' me. I guess we all have issues that we need to get over. Yours is learnin' how to accept that we can't change our future. You need to learn that sometimes life gets in the way. I'm sure Cameron's freakin' out right now. Have you considered how hard this is for her, especially with how strict her family is? They're goin' to flip out." Shayne was right. Her dad was going to go ballistic, because having a baby put a huge damper in her future plans.

"Shit. I need to go."

After saying goodbye to my brother, I rushed back inside of the hospital. I wasn't sure what I was going to say to her, but first I needed to apologize for running out. We weren't in this alone, because we had each other. We'd figure it out together.

Cameron

This couldn't be happening to me. My life had been so strategically planned out. I'd taken my pills every single day, and made sure to mark my cycle on my calendar. There was no way this was even possible.

Parker and I had just reconciled. He'd made it clear that he wasn't ready to be a father. Immediately after making that statement he was finding out that I was pregnant with his child. Not only was it horrible timing, but the lowest blow of bad news to someone that had no desire to procreate.

The worst-case scenario happened as I watched him walk right out of the room without saying anything to me at all. It didn't just hurt my feelings, but made me worry that he might not ever talk to me again.

I knew that inclination was ridiculous to imagine, but more bad thoughts continued to blind my judgment of the man I loved. I'd never seen Parker speechless before, and the pain in his eyes told me more than I think I even wanted to know.

It wasn't just Parker that was upsetting me. The idea of being pregnant and losing a child was devastating. What was even more surprising was the fact that I hadn't even known I was with child. How could something hurt us so much when I never had any knowledge of it?

I couldn't hold back the tears once they started. My life was never going to be the same. All of the aspirations that I had for my future were going to be over with. If my body carried this child to term I was going to be a mother in less than seven months. That wasn't enough time to prepare mentally for a life-changing event. It didn't give me a chance to break my parents' hearts, and regain their love. I didn't yet know if it was enough time to convince Parker that we could be good parents. The truth was that I didn't even know if it was possible. He didn't want to have a child, and I knew nothing about them. How could two people like us steadily begin to fathom being responsible for an innocent life?

In every book I'd ever read love prevailed, bringing happy endings to those who deserved them. I needed a storybook ending or else my whole life was going to fall apart.

I'd worked so hard to get the best grades, and stay focused with my studies. How was I going to be able to manage school, and a newborn? How was I going to deal with Parker if he left to travel with football? Would he even want to come back to his college girlfriend who got knocked up by accident? I couldn't stop worrying about everything surrounding this predicament. I wondered if I could ever make a choice like abortion, and if it would make all of these issues go away.

More than anything I knew I needed to talk to Parker. His opinion mattered to me, and without it I didn't know what I was going to do. I knew enough about science to be aware that terminating a pregnancy after the first trimester was dangerous.

Why was I even considering this to be an option?

While still having my freak out, a nurse came in and asked if I needed anything. The only thing I asked for was a phone. I had to make a phone call, even if I didn't want to.

My parents would still be at the office, so I called the main number and asked the secretary to patch me in to my mother's line. This wasn't something I wanted to discuss with my dad on the phone.

"Catherine Hynson."

"Mom, it's me."

"Cameron, are you crying? What's wrong?"

I hated having to say it out loud, especially after how I'd acted toward my dad. "I'm in the hospital."

"Oh my God, are you hurt? What happened?"

"I'm okay, but they're keeping me for a while. Can you just come here? I don't want to be alone right now."

"You're scaring me, darling. Tell me what's going on." She paused and yelled for my father, which was very unlike her. It told me that she was worried, and frantic to get to me. It was the kind of support I needed, especially after Parker had walked out. "We'll be there in ten minutes, Cameron. I'm just going to get your father and we'll be on our way."

When she hung up I sat there with the phone still in my hands. More than anything I wanted to talk to Parker. He'd been gone for a long time, and all I could assume was that he'd left and gone somewhere to be alone. It hurt me thinking about him abandoning me in a hospital. That's the main reason that I'd decided to call my parents. I knew I couldn't depend on Parker, since I had no clue where he was or what he was even thinking. It was important to give him space, at least for a little while, so he could come to grips with the news.

In a short amount of time my parents, whose office was extremely close to the hospital, arrived. Now I had to just find a way to tell them that I'd screwed up my life, and that I was pregnant by a guy they didn't want me with in the first place.

Chapter 19

Parker

I'd been gone too long. As I turned the corner to enter her room I saw two people entering from the opposite direction. Their focus was on their daughter, instead of me. Before I got the nerve to walk inside the room and face her father, I stood and listened to what they were saying.

Cameron was a basket case, crying so hard that I could barely make out what she was saying. Her father's response was clear.

"This isn't going to happen, Cameron. Do you understand me? You're not having this child and ruining your life. Your mother will call and schedule the appointment. Until this is resolved you're coming home to stay with us. I won't have that kid causing you any more stress than he already has."

I was clenching my fists, trying so hard to hold in my anger. That was the woman that I loved. She was carrying MY child. There was no way in hell that I was going to stand by and let him make the decision for us.

"Dad, please. It's my choice," she argued.

"This again? Your call earlier was his idea wasn't it? He's been feeding you hogwash to convince you to give up on what you've worked so hard for. Now this?"

"You can't control me anymore. This has nothing to do with Parker. It's my life. This is my baby." Hearing her say that was like a kick in the gut. There was a baby growing inside of her that we'd made out of love. This wasn't the result of an accidental one-night stand. How dare this guy treat her like it was.

I took a step to walk inside, just as her mother was coming out. She grabbed me by the arm and pulled me away. "It's not a good time, Parker."

She'd never been my friend before, or treated me respectfully. One look into her eyes let me know that she was very emotional. "What are you sayin'? It's the perfect time. I need to be there for Cameron. She needs me."

The woman shook her head. "No, you've done enough. Please, just walk away from this. Let us handle things from here on out. It's for the best."

"The best for who? For you? That's my girlfriend in there. I'll be damned if I'm goin' to abandon her."

Her facial expression changed. This was an angry woman standing in front of me. "You don't want to cross my husband. He'll make it his life's mission to ruin you, Parker. I've never seen him so upset. You've got to walk away for your own good."

I sank down to the floor and covered my face with my hands. "You can't ask me to do this. You can't stand here and make threats. Cameron is an adult. She can make her own decisions."

"You don't understand. You couldn't even begin to know what it's like. She's all he has, and he won't stop. If you know what's best for you, you'll walk away."

I looked up to see her reaching inside of her purse. She pulled out a check book, drawing my attention immediately. "What are you doing?" I stood up and watched her writing down my name on the first line. "Seriously, what is that for?"

I think I already knew what she was going to say even before she started explaining. "This buys you your freedom. Take this check and walk away from my daughter. Live your life to the fullest. Just disappear, please. You've done enough."

I crumbled up the paper and tossed it in her face. She wasn't going to f**king buy me. Her attempts to rid me of her daughter's life were only pissing me off more. "Fuck you! I'm not goin' anywhere."

She reached down and picked up the balled check. "Just take the check, Parker. At least go sleep on it. If you still want to be with Cameron, then I won't be able to stop you."

I sighed, and looked down at the wrinkled up check. Instead of causing a scene, and making things worse, I was going to agree to sleep on it, even though I knew I'd never give up on Cameron. If she didn't want the baby I would understand, but I wasn't going to let them make that decision for her. I'd call the hospital later when I knew they'd gone home. Hell or high water, I was determined to prove to Cam that I was the one person she could on count on, no matter what.

Cameron

"Please, don't make me do this, Mom. You can't let him force me to give up my baby." My father had stepped out to make a phone call. He was probably calling his detective goons to murder my boyfriend. Okay, I knew my father wasn't capable of murdering someone, but he'd certainly do whatever he could to hurt Parker.

"He's made his mind up, honey. We check out in the morning and you're coming home with us. I'll be with you every step of the way. Don't let this tiny mistake ruin your future. You've got so much going for you."

I rolled my eyes. "Seriously? You're going to give me that same crap again? Do you care about my feelings at all? I won't let you dictate my life like this. You can't make me abort my baby. Parker will never let you make that decision for us."

"Of course I care, and so does your father for that matter. This decision is for your own good, and frankly it's not up to the father of the child. It's up to the mother. Being that you're incapable of caring for a child on your own, we're going to help make it all go away."

"Where's Parker?" The more I thought about it the more I wondered if they'd seen him, and made him leave. I knew them well enough to know they'd do that if given the chance. In fact, they would have done anything in their power to convince him that an abortion was a good idea.

The bile rose in my throat as I contemplated all of the resources they had to make my life miserable.

"Parker went home. I told him you'd be fine for the night. There's nothing more he can do for you anyway. He's obviously done enough. We told you that boy was no good for you. Now get up in that bed. You're only wearing that gown, and anyone could walk in here and see something you don't want them to." Was she really worried about someone seeing my bare back and a pair of underwear, when my life was in such disarray? I had a huge pad on that felt like a diaper. Couldn't she see that I had bigger issues than being naked in a hospital?

Then there were her opinions about Parker. Don't even get me started on how angry I felt when either of them talked down about him. Yes, we had issues, but Parker loved me. I never doubted that. He wouldn't purposely hurt me, especially in this type of situation. He may have been confused, but he wouldn't have left, even if they told him to. He would have fought them. I knew him enough to be confident about that. He'd had no problems in the past reminding me that they could never tear us apart. They had to have been threatening him with something. It irked me to no end. I was inconsolable, and helpless.

"He's a good man, and I love him. You have no idea who he is, or how he treats me. You'd rather marry me off to one of your friends, because it's good for your business. It's disgusting. Nothing is going to make me stop loving Parker."

That was the last straw. I started to climb further out of the bed. "I hate you. You're ruining my life. I need Parker here with me. Give me your phone, Mom." I held out my hand, but she refused. "Mom, please. I need your phone now! He needs to know I want him here. He should be here with me right now."

"I'm not giving you my phone so you can make another mistake. Enough is enough, Cameron. You're not calling that boy tonight, and that's final. Stop asking about it. Parker won't be returning. Get back in that bed or I'll be forced to call the doctor and tell him that you're not following his orders."

"Please," I pleaded, as more tears began to fall down my cheeks. I couldn't remember ever feeling so distraught. "Please just let me call him. Let me tell him goodnight. I know he's upset. Just let me talk to him for a minute," I wasn't going to stop desperately begging. This was my well-being she was messing with. My behavior may have seemed rash, but it was only because of the situation that they were putting me in.

"I'm sorry, Cameron, but it's not going to happen. Your father had made it clear that he doesn't want Parker in here with us."

My father walked back into the room, conveniently at the same time my mother was speaking. "He's gone, Cameron. He's not coming back, so I'd appreciate it if you stopped asking."

I was speechless for a moment as his damaging words sank in. "What's that mean? Did you tell the hospital he wasn't allowed in here?"

He shook his head. "You need to calm down."

"I'm getting the nurse," my mother interrupted before hauling ass out of the room.

I leaned against the bed, literally breaking down so terribly that I couldn't hold myself up. I cried loudly, not caring what my father thought about me being so weak. They were keeping Parker from me, I just knew it.

While trying to think of something to say to my parents to convince them to reconsider, my mother came in followed by three nurses. Before I knew what was happening, they were putting me back in the bed, and strapping me down. I kicked and screamed, yelling profanities and threats. Another nurse came in with a needle, and proceeded to insert something into my IV. The room started to look blurry, while my eyes fought to stay open. Then I couldn't fight it any longer.

I knew this was my parent's doing, and I was never going to forgive them for caring more about control than my well-being.

Chapter 20

Parker

Apparently my feelings were irrelevant when it came to Cameron's parents. Did they really think they could get rid of me that easy? I wasn't going to be paid to stay out of their daughter's life, and since they'd even made that assumption, I was now determined to get her the hell away from them.

They'd messed with the wrong guy if they thought I'd sit back and let them win. I'd lost everything in my life except for her, and even though things were looking up, I knew I'd never be the same without her by my side.

I waited until visiting hours were over before calling the hospital. I knew she'd be transferred to a real room by then, and have a direct line to call. It was strange when I called the main desk and they told me that Cameron Hynson was unavailable to accept calls. Feeling like her parents had interfered again, I decided to get some sleep and head over in the morning.

Since I was so upset over everything that had transpired, I wasn't able to get much rest. By the time the sun came up I was ready to head to the hospital to be with Cameron. As soon as visiting hours began I was walking inside of the hospital with a bouquet of flowers in my hand. Cameron was about to find out that I'd stand by whatever decision she wanted to make. I wanted her to know that I'd be her shoulder to cry on, and her supporter for whatever was to come.

The front desk associate was a petite dark-skinned woman. She smiled when I approached. "Good morning. Can I help you with something, sir?"

"Yes, ma'am. I'm here to see my girlfriend. They kept her overnight, and I was told she'd be in her own room by now. Her name is Cameron Hynson."

She started typing on the computer. "You said Hynson, with a Y?"

"Yes."

She frowned, but kept typing. Then she shook her head. "I'm sorry, but she was released overnight."

I was at a loss for words. I'd been in the room when the doctor stated he wanted to observe her. I knew he wouldn't have allowed her to go home unless he was persuaded. It rubbed me the wrong way knowing that it concerned her health.

"Thanks for lettin' me know. I'll try to reach her at home then." I walked out of there feeling defeated, but remained determined to locate where she was staying and letting her know my intentions.

I hopped back in Cameron's car once I reached the parking lot, and headed on my way to her parent's estate. I was more than certain that she'd be there, and that they were going to give me a hard time about seeing her.

On the way there I tried her cell phone several times, continuously getting the voicemail. I didn't leave a message on account of wanting to tell her how I felt in person. It wasn't something I'd ever consider leaving over the phone. Cameron deserved more than that.

Until I reached that mansion, all I could think about was being in that hospital room and hearing the doctor announce that she was pregnant. Another thing I continued dwelling on was the fact that it had been twins. Had it survived, I would have been the biological father of four children before the age of twenty-two. That made me very aware of how serious this situation was, and also that I needed to do the right thing. All night I'd tossed and turned imagining myself being a father. I pictured the way it made me feel to hold Lyla, and how I knew my own child would be more enlightening. I wanted to feel that way again, even if it scared the shit out of me. It was an experience that I'd never felt before, and although it was overwhelmingly scary, it made me feel loved. That child that Cameron was carrying was going to love me. It only made sense for me to want to have that in my life. I'd made mistakes, and maybe in many ways I didn't deserve to be a father, but it was happening.

I pulled up at the gates to enter into the private yard. After pushing the intercom button I heard the maid's voice. She was just a nice old lady that had lived with them since Cameron was a small child. In many ways I think she was more of a mother than Mrs. Catherine. While she was busy with her career, Miss Mary would do all of the cooking, cleaning, and also take care of Cameron. My girlfriend loved the woman, and every year for Christmas and her birthday she would buy her something very nice. Sometimes I wondered if Cameron also considered her and the other help her best friends. It wasn't like she was given the opportunity to play with other children outside. Their estate was a damn fortress.

"Can I help you?" Mary's voice filled the intercom system.

"Miss Mary, it's me, Parker. Can you open the gate so I can pull the car in?"

It took her a couple seconds to reply. "I'm sorry, Parker, but I'm not supposed to let you in to see Cameron. Mr. Hynson gave me strict orders." I could hear it in her voice that she was upset about it.

"Just let me in. I won't tell them if you don't."

Suddenly the voice on the other end changed. Her father sounded pissed. "I'd advise you to drive back to college and leave my daughter alone, son. Just turn around and head back before I call and report my daughter's car stolen."

I beat my fists on the steering wheel realizing that driving Cameron's car had left me vulnerable to her father's wrath. He had me by the balls, and there was nothing I could do but leave before he went to extremes to get me to go away. "I'll leave because you're threatenin' me, but I won't give up on your daughter. You can't keep her locked up forever."

I peeled wheels down the road, unable to control my frustration. They were f**king with me because they could. Not only was I pissed, but it hurt me to not be able to hold my girlfriend. She needed to know that I wasn't going anywhere. It was bullshit.

Cameron

They'd taken me out of the hospital in the middle of the night like some secret protection agency. I couldn't believe how low they were stooping to keep me away from Parker. I awoke to the sound of someone ringing in on the intercom. Before I could hop out of bed and get to the hallway, where the answering device was placed, I heard my parents walking down the hall. I stood, silently against my bedroom door listening to what was being said. First our housekeeper answered, and I immediately heard Parker talking. For a moment I was utterly excited that he'd come to see me. The last time we'd spoke he'd walked out, and I wondered if after a whole night of thinking, he'd decide that all of this wasn't worth the trouble. He could easily walk away, and my parents would help him do it.

Just as I was about to rush out and hit the gate release button, I heard my father speaking, basically threatening that if Parker didn't leave it would be bad for him. I couldn't believe my ears, and the lengths he was still going to. I sank down on my floor and began to weep. I was a prisoner in my own home, and my parents were the dictators, deciding my fate before I even had a chance to fend for myself.

I knew I couldn't climb out of the window and run down the road after Parker. My pregnancy was high risk, and I was still bleeding pretty heavily from the miscarriage of baby number one. I put my hand up to my stomach and left it there, reminding myself that what was growing inside of me was already something that I loved. No one was going to take it away from me, not even my parents.

It took a while for my father to calm down from his rage induced mood. He got on his phone and started giving orders to someone at the office, and then finally settled when he began speaking to my mother. I heard them talking about what clinic they should take me to. I felt disgusted with both of them. They weren't going to get the benefit of the doubt from me as to what was best. The truth of the matter was that they didn't know me at all. I was a stranger to them, a pawn brought into the world to carry on their name.

Since most of my clothes were at the dorm, I knew I could get away without having a bag strapped to my back. While still listening to them having a discussion, I crept out my door, making sure it was locked, as if I wanted to be alone. I was getting out of my house, and calling Parker. My parents were not ruining my life.

I froze in place when Miss Mary spotted me sneaking down the stairs. She held her finger up to her lips, motioning me with her other hand to follow her. This particular woman had pretty much always taken care of me. As far as love, she'd always given it. I trusted her, and knew she'd keep me safe. Once we were in the confines of her quarters, and the door was shut, she pulled me into a hug. "Oh, my dear. What have you gotten yourself into?"

I began to cry again. "I'm pregnant and they want me to have an abortion. They're holding me here like a prisoner. Please help me. I need to get to Parker. He loves me, Mary. He'll take care of me. I swear he will."

She nodded. "Parker seems like a nice boy. Here's my phone. Call him and arrange to have him pick you up next door at the Savage's house. I'll call Metra (who is the maid) and have her let you in. Mr. and Mrs. Savage are away for the week, so you won't be discovered. The house is far enough away that they won't see you once you're there. I'm about to go make breakfast. I'll keep your parents occupied long enough for you to leave out the side door, and make your way over there."

I hugged her tightly. "Thank you so much, Mary. I owe you."

"You don't owe me anything, Cameron. I just want you to be happy. It's all I've ever wanted for you."

I waited for her to walk out before calling Parker. My hands were shaking as I dialed his number, even though I knew he'd come to see me, and been turned away.

"Hello?"

"Parker, it's me. How far away are you?" I began crying just from hearing his voice. I knew he'd come to save me, and it gave me a sense of warmth and security.

"I'm not far. Did your parents leave?"

"No. I heard my dad saying he's staying here all day. They're talking about taking me to have an abortion." My sobbing intensified. "Parker, I don't want to give up our baby. I can understand if you don't want this, but I can't do it. This baby is alive inside of me, and I already love it. I know that doesn't make sense, but -."

"I know, Cam. I know what you mean, because I feel it too. I'm turnin' the car around now."

"Wait. I need you to go to my neighbor's house; the one with the big white pillars. Pull up to their gate and the housekeeper will let you in. She'll be expecting you. I'll come outside once I see you pulling up."

"Are you there now?"

"No." I'd already started heading toward the side entrance. I checked my surroundings before beginning to walk towards the neighbor's house, which was a good ways in the distance. "I'm on my way."

"Are you sneaking out?" I could hear the concern in his voice.

"Yes. I've got to get away from them. You need to get me to the dorm so I can pack my things. Then I don't know where we'll go. I've got my ATM card with me, so we can stop and get as much money out as possible before they realize I'm gone. I'm sure they'll cancel all of my cards when they discover what I've done."

"Don't worry about that. I'll keep you safe, no matter what we have to do. I'm on my way, babe. You hang tight, and I'll be there."

"I love you, Parker. I love you so much."

"Cam, I love you too. Stop cryin'. It's all goin' to be okay. I promise."

I trusted his word, especially because I knew he did truly love me. Parker may have been confused, but he was supporting me. For the time being it was all I could ask for.

Chapter 21

Parker

I was almost back at the college when I received the call from Cameron. She sounded so upset, and my heart ached for what she was having to go through. What parent in their right mind would treat her like a piece of property. She wasn't some toy they could throw around.

I drove as fast as I could to get to her, afraid that they'd find out she was gone before I arrived. Every minute that passed left me more concerned. I wasn't afraid of facing her father, but I was scared about what I'd do to the man if we came face to face.

He was clearly delusional if he assumed I'd walked away from his daughter without a fight.

I knew the house that Cameron had told me to pick her up at, it was even larger than the one her parents owned. After getting through the gates I spotted her standing outside. Her hair was disheveled, and it appeared that she was still in her pajamas. That made it apparent that she'd left the house in a hurry.

I jumped out of the car as soon as I put it into park. Cameron very well could have climbed inside the passenger seat and greeted me, but I needed my arms around her.

As soon as I had her there in my hold I felt that petite body trembling. She was a complete mess. "It's goin' to be okay, Cam. I won't let them touch you."

She pulled away, her nose dripping snot, while her cheeks were covered in fresh tears. "Where are we supposed to go, Parker? They'll look everywhere until they find me. My dad has resources."

I knew exactly where we could go to hide out, I just needed to make sure it was going to be okay. "Don't worry about that, right now. Let's just get out of here and get your things from the school. Once we're on the road we can talk about what's next."

Even I was shaking as I climbed back into the driver's side. We took off down the paved driveway, headed for the first ATM machine we came to. Cameron hopped out and withdrew four hundred dollars, the full amount allowed from a machine in a single day. Then she did the same on both credit cards. With more than a grand in her possession, we then went to the dorm, where she packed up her clothes in trash bags and loaded them into my car. We knew they'd be looking for hers first.

Cameron left her keys locked in the glove compartment of her vehicle. She didn't even speak as we pulled away, leaving both of our futures in limbo. For a while she cried, feeling overwhelmed with fear of what she'd done. I couldn't blame her for feeling so confused. She been raised a certain way, and was now coming to terms with the fact that maybe it wasn't practical.

Since we had a long drive ahead of us I contacted my coach. It wasn't football season, but I still wanted him to be aware what was going on. My father was going to be pissed, but he'd know what was going on long before school contacted him, since we were going there first.

Once again Cameron slept in the car. I knew she needed her rest, and didn't try to wake her even when I felt like I was going to pee myself. We pulled up at my parent's house sometime in the afternoon. I wasn't surprised that my mom was there, but was a little concerned when I saw my dad. He raised his brow and looked from me to Cameron. "Tell me there was some evacuation at school, and that's why you're not there for class."

I put my hands up. "Just let me explain before you freak out."

My mom held out her hand. "Cameron, why don't you come in and sit down. There's no reason we can't talk in the living room."

We followed my parents and sat down on opposite couches that faced each other. I reached over and grabbed Cameron's hand. "I know we should be in school, but we've got a good reason for stayin' away. Cam's in some trouble with her family, and I've got to keep her safe."

"What kind of trouble," my dad asked. "I thought her parents were lawyers."

"They are. Look, there's no easy way to say this. Cam's pregnant. We had to rush her to the hospital last night because she was having a miscarriage."

"Oh no. I'm so sorry, Cameron. I lost a baby too a long time ago before the twins."

My dad wasn't like my mother. He shook his head and put his arms across his chest. "You're telling me that you got Cameron pregnant."

I had to prevent him from telling her about Ashley. "Dad, please. Her parents are tryin' to make her have an abortion."

"I thought you said she miscarried." My mother was so confused.

I opened my mouth to speak, but Cameron took over. "It was twins. I lost one of the babies, but the tests showed that the second fetus was in no danger. My father prevented Parker from staying at the hospital with me, and then he checked me out overnight. They wouldn't allow Parker on our property this morning, and were already calling places to schedule an immediate abortion. Please, Mr. and Mrs. Hutchinson, I don't want to give up my baby." I squeezed her hand to remind her that we were together in all of this. "I can't let them find me, not until I'm far enough along that they won't be able to interfere."

She began to cry, probably afraid that my parents weren't going to show her compassion. I stared into my father's eyes. It didn't take a genius to know what he was thinking. "Dad, I love her. Please. I came here today to let you know that I'm going to protect them. I won't let anyone take this baby from us." It was hard for me to say to him, not just because of what had happened with Shayne, but because the more I defended this unborn child, the more I knew I wanted to be it's father.

My dad didn't yell, and he certainly didn't get up and start pacing around the room. As calm as I'd ever seen him react, he turned to give my mother a once-over before responding. "Parker, I appreciate you coming to us with this. You know how your mother and I feel about abortions, especially after everything your brother went through. It takes a real man to step up and raise a child. My only concern is that you're running from her family. They'll know you came here."

"I was going to take her to the beach house. I already talked to my coach. Summer's comin' up, and I plan on showin' up to take my exams. I've got a term paper due in one class, and a video project in another. My other two classes accept homework online. All I have to do is show up on exam day and I'll pass for the semester. By the time summer's over Cam will be far enough along to be safe. I get that this seems drastic, but you didn't see them last night."

"My parents raised me to become a lawyer. They see this as a terrible mistake that's going to ruin my future. They think that my dating Parker is a mistake, and that he's going to ruin my life. I had to sneak out of my house to get away from them. They took my phone, and had our house on lockdown. They don't care how I feel or what I want." Cameron turned and leaned her face against my chest. I think she was to the point where she couldn't believe what we were facing. Everything was about to change for us. I didn't know whether I'd be able to manage my classes from afar, but I was willing to put school on the backburner when it came to my girlfriend. She was my future before anything else.

"You can't go to the beach house. Her parents can go on the internet and see that we own it."

Damn.

"What should I do?" It had become apparent that he was going to help us. In that moment I felt like I had my father back.

"I'll call your uncle and see if you can stay in Ford's old apartment at the shop. You can park your car in the garage out back. Even if they put two and two together, they won't see it from the road." My dad got up and went into the home office. I heard him on the phone, obviously talking to my uncle. I put my head down when he started talking about me knocking up my girlfriend.

"Cameron, how are you feeling? I'm sure you're not supposed to be doing all this running around." My mother was concerned for her health. I was too, but first we needed to be safe.

"I've been sleeping for the whole ride. The cramping has stopped, and I feel a little better. It's the stress I'm worried about."

My dad came out of the office. "All right. After speaking to your uncle we've decided that it would be best if I took your car to my shop and kept it indoors. I'll keep it covered like the other collectables that come in. Your mom and I will drop you off at the apartment, and we'll run out to fetch you groceries, and things you'll both need. Your uncle said he's got an extra truck, and you'll be able to use it whenever you need to. I want you both to figure out a way to take those exams. I'll call the school in the morning and let them know we had a family emergency, and maybe they'll be willing to work with you. Cam, I'd suggest that you do the same thing. I realize they may not go for it, but it's worth a try. You're both good students."

I stood up and extended my hand out to my dad. "I really appreciate this. I know you're pissed, but it means a lot."

"Parker, right now I'm concerned about my son, and nothing else. You're stepping up and taking care of your responsibilities. It's a step in the right direction."

"We can talk more about this later, right, honey?" My mother asked.

"Yes. Let's get them over to the apartment. We'll have plenty of time to get this all figured out."

It was almost unbelievable. Of course, once we were outside alone, my dad voiced his opinion.

"Son, I don't even know what to say to you. When you were here did you already know she was pregnant?"

I shook my head. "No. I found out last night when she was havin' the miscarriage."

"This blows my mind. I don't even know where to begin with my concerns."

"Look, dad. I know it's messed up. I get that you're pissed. I know how much my football career means to you. It's not that I want to give up on my chances, but things have changed. They weren't planned, and God knows I wouldn't have wished this on myself, but I can't change them now. I'm scared to death, and I have no idea what I'm doin'. I just know I'm makin' the right choice. Please, just help me out. I came to you because I'm tryin' to do the right thing. She's pregnant, and yeah, I know what I did in the past. This is different. She's my girlfriend, and I want to spend the rest of my life with her. You may not understand, and I wouldn't blame you if you hated my choices for the rest of my life, but as your son I'm askin' for help. I'm desperate, dad. Her mother tried to pay me a hundred grand to stay away from her daughter, last night. She literally wrote me a damn check outside of her hospital room."

"No shit?" My dad seemed as shocked as I was when it happened.

"They've got this twisted idea that Cam's goin' to do whatever they say. They actually think that they can force her into a set future. She's got no say in her own life."

He put his hand on my shoulder. "We've got issues between us, Parker. I'm going to put them aside and make sure you're both safe. Right now I'm concerned about my son. That's my grandchild she's carrying, and I'll be damned if I'm okay with them thinking it's all right to just throw it away, like it's some trash."

I sighed and looked down at the ground. It was hard to not feel a little emotional when this man, who'd I'd let down so much, was still providing for me. He had every reason not to trust me, but instead was giving me a chance.

Soon after we loaded up their vehicle, my parents drove us over to the apartment above the garage. It had been empty for months, and we had no idea what to expect when we arrived. All I cared about was keeping Cameron away from the two people that were determined to ruin our futures.

Chapter 22

Cameron

I looked around at the small apartment above the garage. Even though it was larger than my room at the dorm, it didn't feel roomy. The couch was old with stains all over it, and the pull out bed was full of lumps from blankets, like someone had slept there but not had the decency to pull up the covers. There were beer cans on all of the tables, and on the opposite side the countertops seemed to need to be wiped off. The room smelled musty, like it had been closed up too long. I almost noticed a faint smell of cigarette smoke, which I couldn't stand.

I think Parker sensed my fears as he took a second glance at the condition of the place. It was going to need work for us to be comfortable, which I knew he'd be up for the challenge. Ever since picking me up, he'd had this ambitious determination to make sure I was safe and cared for. "We'll get a new couch, and I'll paint the walls a brighter color. We can hang some pictures so it's more cheerful."

"It's fine," I lied, knowing we had no place else to go. With only a grand in my pocket, I didn't even have the resources to make it nice on my own.

"I'll get a new sofa sleeper this afternoon," Parker's dad announced. "Cameron's going to need a good night's sleep. That old thing won't be good for her or the baby."

"Thanks, Dad," Parker said graciously.

We were interrupted by the sound of someone walking up the metal steps to the apartment. I don't know why my heartbeat increased, or why I began to feel like it could be my parents. They had no idea where we were.

Ford's mother stepped inside and looked around. "I've been meanin' to clean up out here. It's been sittin' like this for a while." She sat a bucket full of cleaners and rags down on the counter. She walked over and hugged Parker's dad, who I'd learned was her brother. "I'll make sure these two have everything they need. It will give me a reason to cook real meals again. We've been eatin' TV dinners since Ford moved out."

I knew we were throwing ourselves at these people, but they were so welcoming. As upset as I was about what Parker and I were doing, as compulsive as the decision had been, I honestly felt like we were going to be okay staying at this place. "Thank you for letting us stay here. I'm sorry we arrived without much notice."

"Honey, you're family, and we don't turn our backs on them. Now, since we've got a lot of cleanin' to do, and you need to get off your feet, I'm goin' to have Parker take you up to the main house. You can sleep in my daughter's room. The refrigerator has plenty of water bottles, and there's some lunch meat if you get hungry. Once I get all this cleaned up, I'll head out to the store. Don't worry yourself about dinners. I like a reason to cook. We'll make sure that baby has all the nutrients he or she needs."

It almost shocked me to hear that she already knew about my pregnancy. I knew Parker's dad had made the phone call, and assumed that's when they learned about our predicament. "Thanks again. It means a lot to have people care for me." I felt so pathetic admitting that. It was a definite shame that my parents couldn't let me live my life.

Parker took me over to the main farmhouse. He got me settled into his late cousin's room, tucking me under the covers and kissing me before walking out of the room. I'd been in this particular room before at one of the parties they'd thrown. Parker had brought me upstairs so that we could make out. Ford ended up walking in and giving him shit since it was his sister's room. Parker later told me that for the longest time they left it exactly how it was the day she passed away. Even though it was still decorated the same, his mother had finally let go enough to clean up her personal things and put them away.

While looking around I put my hand on my stomach. Growing inside of me was a child of my own; a child that would one day become a teenager, and I couldn't imagine for a second learning that something terrible had happened. It enlightened me on a couple of facts.

The first was how much my parents had sheltered me from. They'd never made me feel that unconditional love. Both of them had always lived with giving me rules to live by. I had to want to be a lawyer. Nobody had ever come to me and asked if I wanted to be a ballerina, or even a firefighter. For a while now Parker had gotten on me about becoming a lawyer. He said I was only doing it for their benefit, and once I admitted that, my life would open up to other options.

The second thing was the fact that I'd never been shown what unconditional love was. His aunt had made it clear that they stood by their family, no matter what. My parents didn't do that either. It was either their way or nothing at all.

It was so depressing.

After a short nap, I woke feeling refreshed. I knew my parents had most definitely discovered my absence, and could only assume that they were desperately trying to track us down. There was no doubt in my mind that they knew who I was with. Maryland was the first place they were going to look. From the outside of the apartment the door was large and metal. It seemed to appear more like a storage facility instead what it really was. Parker and I could hide out there without worry. Even if my dad came looking, I was sure they wouldn't find us.

Parker walked into the room carrying a tray. He sat it down on my lap. "I brought you some soup, and some orange juice. My mom ran out and got you these vitamins from Peyton. She said you should start takin' them right away. We'll get you in to see a doctor so you can have your own prescription. Of course, we'll have to use a different name, but we'll figure it out."

"I feel like a criminal that's on the run. This is terrible."

"It's just for a couple months. Once you reach the halfway mark we'll get back to normal."

I looked down at the bowl, unable to face him with what I needed to say. "Parker, I'm so sorry for making you do this."

He sat down next to me on the mattress, leaning in to kiss me on the forehead. "You're not makin' me do nothin'. It's my job to be by your side. We're in this together."

"I can't stop thinking about the way you walked out of the room when you heard the news. I had no idea the doctor was going to tell us what he did. It was like my heart stopped beating for a couple moments." The news, at first, was so displeasing. It was as if in just a few seconds our lives had been turned upside down.

"Cam, I've got to say that I was in shock. I was so worried about all the blood that I hadn't even for one minute considered you could be pregnant. What's worse is the fact that we'd just talked about waiting. From the second that doctor told us about the twins I felt sick, like it was all some dream. I walked out to clear my head, so I could come back and be supportive. I never intended to leave you there all alone. If I could take it back I would. We probably wouldn't be in this situation." It warmed my heart to hear his side of what happened.

"I'm sorry I called them. We should have kept it a secret. I was just so scared."

"We're goin' to be fine."

I looked down at my food again. "I wouldn't hate you if you didn't want to be a part of this. I know it's not what you signed up for." I was so afraid to look at him and see a reaction of relief. Instead he put his arm around me.

"Babe, I'm goin' to marry you. I know it's not how we would have wanted to plan it, but we're in this together. I'm not goin' anywhere."

"Did you just say you want to marry me? You've never talked about it before. I mean, I just assumed it would happen eventually, but..."

"If we got married you'd be my wife, and your freakin' parents would have to back off. It's goin' to happen no matter when we do it, so why not just elope? What would it be hurtin'?"

With all of the negative I'd been dealing with, I had to admit that his idea seemed to bring a smile to my face immediately. I love Parker, and even though we'd had problems, I knew he felt the same. Now we were having a child. Things may have been out of order, but I wanted to be a family, and having the same last name as my baby would be ideal. I couldn't think of a good enough reason to not go through with it. If in the long run it protected us, it was definitely a good decision. "Well, we're both adults. It's not like anyone can stop us."

"We're goin' to have to act fast. I'm sure your dad will be one step ahead of us, looking at marriage licenses in both states. It might be better for us to travel to another area to tie the knot. If they can't find us, then they can't stop it from takin' place."

We looked into each other's eyes. For something that felt like a catastrophe at first, it was only leading us into a deeper commitment to each other. I didn't know if I'd use the term grateful to explain it out loud, but it was certainly how I felt about our unplanned pregnancy.

Chapter 23

Parker

When Cameron laid down to rest I sat in the kitchen with my parents to discuss what was next for us. They weren't just going to leave without addressing their own concerns regarding the situation.

I folded my hands and prepared for the wrath of my father, knowing how disappointed he was at me, yet again. He whispered something in my mother's ear, assumedly speaking of how hard it was to keep his composure around Cameron.

One could only assume.

"Your mother and I have been discussing this situation. We both agree that we're going to make sure Cameron is safe, and your mom is going to get her medical care while she's here. Since you won't be attending school every day, you'll need to either work for your uncle, or with me at the custom shop. I'll leave that up to you. Also an option would be to float between the two, when both of us need an extra set of hands. Your uncle won't be charging you rent. The place hasn't been used in a long time, and you're family."

"That seems fair. I've got no problem havin' a job. I don't expect any handouts, even though I know you're all puttin' a lot out for us already."

"With the exception of the couch and some groceries, we aren't doing much. The apartment is vacant. It's not ideal to raise a baby, but it's perfect for the two of you until you get on your feet."

I folded my hands and placed them on the table. "You can give it to me straight. I know you're pissed off."

My mom reached across the table and touched my hands. "We just want you to make good choices." She looked at my dad before continuing. "Taking care of Cameron, and being responsible is a step in the right direction. We're just worried about you being with Cameron long-term. What are you going to do when her parents get involved? You've got no hold on her Parker. She could go to them at any time, and we're afraid that when she has the baby they'll keep he or she away from you. After everything we've all been through with the twins, it's hard for us to see you with a similar situation. Your father and I respect that you've made the decision to be there for Cameron, but you also need to consider how this affects the future. Have you thought about marriage?"

I pulled my hands away and immediately began rubbing my eyes. They made me feel uncomfortable. It was as if they were pushing me to make another leap, after already accepting that I was going to be a father, technically for the third time. "Not really. I mean, I know I'm going to marry, Cam. We've mentioned it, but there's no date or anything like that."

"Perhaps it's time you started thinking about it. If you were married her parents couldn't do anything about it. It would be a legal binding contract." My father sighed and showed the palms of both hands as he spoke, like he was out of options. I wasn't used to seeing this side of him, who was obviously concerned for me. "I'm not trying to push you into doing something you don't want to do. We've been down that road, and I'm learning that it gets me nowhere. I'm just stating an obvious resolution that you could consider. The choice is yours, and we want you to be sure before making it. I don't think anyone in this family can go through what happened with the twins again, Parker. We're just concerned that you'll change your mind. In this case, we won't have an opportunity to know our grandchild; not if her parents have anything to do with it."

"Okay, first, I'd never let them take my kid. They'd have the nanny raise it, and force Cam to complete her studies. It's not what either of us want. As far as marriage, well if she wants to elope then I'd do it. There's no sense of waitin' when we both know it's what we want. I think at this point she's willin' to do whatever it takes to get away from her parents. If havin' my name helps then I say let's do it, and not because it's a good idea, but because I love her." I chuckled to myself realizing that in just two short days so much had changed. "Look, I've told you this before, and I'll say it again, that night with Ashley was a mistake. We barely remember it happenin'. Shayne's a great father, and he's my brother. I've got no regrets. That being said, I know you have reservations about me being a father. I don't know the first thing about raisin' a kid, but I do know that ever since I found out last night, I've felt like I had to protect it. I can't explain the way I feel, but it's there, and it's strong enough to make me want to do whatever it takes to protect he or she from being terminated. Her parents will have to go through me before they do anything, and I'm sure as hell not goin' to let them near Cameron."

"Let's assume that what you're saying is true. How do you plan on supporting your family?"

"I'm goin' to play professional football. I don't give a shit if I'm signed by some Canadian league. As long as I'm makin' money I'll be happy. If the football doesn't pan out, I'll take my degree and use it to get a job. I'll work two or three jobs if I have to. All I care about is takin' care of Cam. She needs me more than anyone ever has. I'm all she has."

"She has us too," my mother added.

I don't know why, but hearing my mother saying that got to me. I felt like I was getting choked up. "That means a lot to me. For a while I've felt like you were never goin' to want to be around me again."

"We felt like you were making bad choices, and we just didn't want the past coming back to haunt you."

"It won't, not if we all agree to never discuss it again." I wanted nothing more than to bury that secret so far into the ground that it would never be recovered. I was tired of it haunting me, and being reminded of it every time I was around them. Decisions had been made, and they were going to have a great future. I had no regrets.

"That's fine by me," my mother said.

"For now I will agree to keep the peace. I just worry that somewhere down the road the truth will come out. I don't want you or your brother to have to deal with the repercussions of that."

"Dad, let's just worry about today, please. I can't take much more. In two days my whole life has changed. I'm tryin' to be positive for Cameron, but inside I'm scared to death that I'm goin' to fail."

"You're not going to fail, Parker. Your dad and I won't let you. We're going to help you through this, and we'll figure it out. Her parents will come around. Once they see that baby for the first time they'll fall right in love." I hoped that my mother was right, otherwise we were in for a long road ahead of us.

Before making Cam some soup, I sat at the table talking to my parents as if we hadn't already been through hell and back. I told them that I'd called Shayne and asked for advice. My mom seemed pleased that the two of us were getting along, while my father remained conflicted. I could understand why he was reluctant to trust my choices this time, but hoped that eventually he'd see my feelings were genuine.

All in all it had turned out to be a good day. For the time being I could work and make some extra money to save up for the arrival of a new baby. Cameron would be safe from her parents, and I wouldn't have to worry about what their next move would be. Since she'd left both her phone and her vehicle in Pennsylvania, they wouldn't have much to go on. I'd turned off my phone and removed the battery when we arrived at my parents. God only knew if they could find a way to trace my whereabouts, and I wasn't about to make stupid mistakes.

It was obvious they didn't want us together, so I was determined to make it my life's mission to take care of Cameron and our unborn child. I'd made a ton of mistakes, and I knew I had a lot of work to do, but her being a part of my life was so important that it was worth any changes I'd have to make to better myself.

Chapter 24

Cameron

Married.

Parker wanted to marry me.

I think I always assumed that it would happen, but this fast, for all of the wrong reasons? Okay, maybe the reasons were justifiable, and assumedly the timing couldn't be better. Respectively I could have looked at it with an optimistic perspective, instead of negative. It was hard to do when I'd been let down so many times.

Still, I couldn't deny that my love for Parker, or the fact that I wanted us to be a family, even if there wasn't a bunch of planning involved. The idea of being his wife allowed me to accept his proposal without second guessing consequences. Parker left me alone while I ate my soup. It had gotten cold during our discussion, but I was so hungry that I didn't even mind.

A little later I walked downstairs to find the house empty. I headed to the front door and looked out to see the guys carrying a large sofa up the steep steps to the apartment. After grabbing a jacket, I took the walk across the field to check it out for myself. By the time I made it inside they'd already replaced it where the old one once sat. The old area rugs had been replaced with two new ones, and the place smelled fresh. Parker smiled when he spotted me standing in the doorway. "We were goin' to surprise you."

"It's so different in here from earlier. You guys did all of this while I was resting?"

"The couch is from my mom and dad's house. It's been in the bonus room for years, and since us kids moved out nobody uses it. It's got a mattress that is adjustable with air. We can get it set to how we like it and leave it set up."

"That sounds perfect."

"My mom just ran out to get us a couple things for the refrigerator. She's also going to pick up stuff for the bathroom. I wasn't sure what we'd need. If she forgets somethin' we'll run out later and grab it."

I turned my attention to Parker's dad. "Thanks for all of this. I'm really sorry we put all this on you, sir."

He put his hand on my shoulder. "Sweetie, you're family to us. If you need anything else you just let us know. You'll get through this."

I tried to smile to the best of my ability. It wasn't like I had a ton of things to be thankful for. To feel like you're a burden was difficult. It was also apparent that Parker and I needed them. We were running as if our lives were in danger, when in fact we were just hiding from my overbearing parents.

"I appreciate that."

"I'll let you two get settled. Son, get with me on the job situation." His dad walked out leaving us all alone.

Parker threw his hands in the air. "So welcome home, for now of course."

I walked over and sat down on the couch. "It's great."

"There's plenty of room for the two of us, I think. I can set up a desk over there in the corner so we can both do our homework. I already have my uncle's Wi-Fi password so we're good on that. I think this will work, don't you?" He sat down next to me, brushing the hair away from my face. It was little attentive details that made me appreciate how Parker cared for me.

"Now that it's been cleaned I like it. At first I was a little leery about living in those kind of conditions being pregnant. I'm no medical expert, but I'm sure that mold spores aren't good for anyone. Not that I don't appreciate your family giving us this place to stay, because I most certainly do."

Parker chuckled. He grabbed my hand and pulled it up to his lips. "You're so cute. I knew what you were sayin'. Just so you know, my mom and aunt would never have let you spend the night in this place if they thought it wasn't safe."

"You're right. I must sound like a spoiled brat."

"Maybe a little."

I smacked him, even though I knew he was teasing me. "Cam, if I thought you were a stuck up snob I never would have slept with you. Okay, maybe I would have at least once, but I probably wouldn't have gone for the second or third time."

We both laughed. Then the room got quiet. "I know we have to talk about what's next for us, Parker."

"I thought we already did."

I shook my head and looked down at my hands. "No. I mean after the baby comes."

He put his hand on my knee. "I know you're a problem solver, and that you always have to have the right answer, but we've just gone through a shit ton of emotional stress. If it's okay with you, I'd like to take a couple days to reflect on us bein' safe, and then we can open that can of worms. Right now I need you to cooperate. The doctor said you need to take it easy, and he didn't just mean physically. You've got to relax your mind, and let your body heal."

"You're saying that like you actually care about this baby," I had tears forming in my eyes when I said it. I think in the back of my mind I was fearing that Parker was only being supportive for my benefit, no matter how many times he'd reiterated his feelings about us becoming parents. It wasn't just Parker though. It was everything. Too much had transpired for me to be able to comfortably relax. I wasn't wired to let things hover around without being resolved. I needed closure, like a case in the courtroom. Just thinking about it made me think of my parents. I was so angry that they treated me the way they had, but I still loved them. They were all I had as far as blood relatives. Sure, I had a couple aunts and uncles, but they'd used my parents for loans and get out of trouble free cards too many times. We hadn't had contact with any of them since I was a kid. One set of grandparents were deceased, while my other two were placed in a nursing home with Alzheimer's. The last time I'd been to visit, neither of them knew who I was.

Parker waited until I looked up into his eyes. "Babe, stop. I care about you, and that means that I care about our baby. I'm just tryin' to get things figured out before we have to focus all of our attention on a newborn. Please trust me, we're goin' to figure it out, together." He seemed like he was getting sick of reassuring me. I wondered if I sounded like a broken record. At any rate, Parker didn't fuss about it. He was so caring, and his family was even surprising me. Whatever their problem was with Parker in the past, they'd obviously gotten over it, or at least pushed it to the side.

"Do you think they're looking for me?"

He knew right away that I was speaking about my parents. "Yeah, I do. They want to find you and lock you up in a tower. Hopefully your hair will grow fast so you can throw it out the window and let me climb up to rescue you."

I finally laughed. "I'm not a fairytale princess."

"I know, but it would be kickass if you were," he added.

I let my head fall into his chest. Immediately both of his strong arms wrapped around me. "What would I do without you?"

He let out a loud sigh. "Stay a virgin and take over the family business, I suppose. Guess I f**ked that plan to shit."

An air-filled laugh escaped me. "Yeah, I guess you did."

For the rest of the night Parker and I got our things unpacked. We watched some television, and snacked on fruit. Even though we didn't discuss anything of importance, it felt good being able to hang out without rules. We didn't have a curfew, or a class to go to in the morning. It felt peaceful, almost surreal that while in the midst of all our troubles, we'd discovered a place where we could just be together.

I had to appreciate how much Parker seemed to lighten up once his parents got on board. Silently I wondered if whatever they'd held a secret had been resolved. I didn't understand how my pregnancy would impact that particular issue, but I was content with seeing my boyfriend relaxed while being around them.

Later that night I fell asleep in Parker's arms. He was right about the bed. Once we'd gotten it to an agreed setting we were quite comfortable. My mind was able to relax, and look forward to the positive, instead of dwelling on what we couldn't change.

Chapter 25

Parker

I could tell that she was struggling with everything that had gone down. I didn't blame her for being upset. If my parents had tried to force my hand I would have been in her same position.

As the first few weeks passed, it was getting easier to make our own routines. Due to my situation with school, I was having to report to two classes a week. The rest of the courses I was able to turn my work in online. Each Tuesday I'd take my uncle's truck and drive the long ride it took me to get back to Pennsylvania. For the most part it wasn't a hassle. I knew that my future was more important than ever, because I'd have a baby to support.

While Cameron was still indecisive about what she wanted to do with the current school situation, she continued turning in her assignments, and communicating with her professors. Unlike me, she was able to take most of her courses online. Her grades were so good that they didn't even question her reasons for being away. Three out of her eight class workload even gave her the rest of the course material to work on from home. When I traveled once a week, I'd stop by and turn them in for her. She'd given them the reason being a medical emergency, with no real details pertaining to being pregnant. It was irrelevant in the big picture. No matter what her current condition was, it was the reason that she wouldn't be returning back to the campus.

After the third week I came out of class to find her father standing in front of me. His arms were crossed over his chest, and the stern grin let me know that he wasn't in the mood for small talk. "Parker, you're going to tell me where my daughter is immediately."

I wasn't afraid of this guy. "She and the baby are safe. That's all you need to know."

"I've told you before not to cross me," he threatened.

"Get out of my face. I ain't crossing shit. Your daughter is old enough to make her own decisions. If she wants to have my baby, and raise it bein' a stay at home mom, it's fine by me. Get over your God complex. She's not a tool."

"Her mother and I will find her, and when we do this will all be over with."

I laughed in his face. "The only thing that's over is this conversation. Get out of my f**kin' face." There was a time when I used manners, and respect, but this dude had lost that privilege a long time ago. I wasn't wasting my time dealing with someone who thought he could control my girlfriend.

"I'll have you followed."

His words cut me like a knife. I turned around and put on a fake smile. "Follow me all you want. I'm headin' back to my frat house to take a f**kin' nap. You really think I'd be stupid enough to lead you right to Cam? She's in a safe place that you'll never find."

Realizing that I had to come up with a different strategy of an exit plan, I began walking away from the bastard, before I let my anger drive my fist into his face. He'd made the mistake of letting me know that someone was going to follow me. I had to come up with a plan to lose them, before I hit the state line. It was going to require some assistance from my family, which I already felt I'd abused enough.

Reluctantly, I dialed my brother's landline, praying that Ashley would answer, because everyone else would still be at work.

"Hello?"

"Ash, it's me Parker. Don't hang up."

"I'm not that rude, Parker. What's wrong? Your brother isn't home."

I hated even asking. "I'm in trouble. I'm at school, and Cameron's father has now threatened to have me followed so that he can locate where we've been hidin'. I wouldn't be callin' if I wasn't out of options."

"What do you need?"

"I need someone to drive here. Look, I know it's a long way, but -."

"I can be there in a couple of hours. The twins are about ready to take a nap, so I'll put them in the car now. It's easier if they sleep the whole way."

I couldn't believe she was helping me. It wasn't like we were enemies, but Ash had hard feelings even after I'd done everything I could to make things right.

"Should we call Shayne?" I certainly didn't want to be on his shit list again.

"I'll call him. Don't worry about it. He'd want me to help. Besides, I think it's time that you and I talked."

I wasn't looking forward to that part. God only knew what she was going to throw at me. "When you get to the state line call me. I'll let you know where to meet. I'm thinkin' I can get someone here to give me a ride. It blows that I've got to leave the truck, but I can't let them find her. It's a good thing that exams are next week. We'll have the whole summer to relax."

"We'll see you soon, Parker. Don't forget to call me." The idea of her including the kids in that comment was unnerving. It wasn't that I didn't like them. The truth was that I loved them, so much that sometimes it hurt to admit. I knew they belonged to Shayne, and I'd vowed to never let anyone know. Every time I was around them I'd feel uncomfortable, like if I reached out I was overstepping my boundaries. I didn't want to be their dad, but the connection was irrefutable.

Once I was back at the confines of the frat house, I spent a little while catching up with my buddies. They wanted to hear all about me f**king up and knocking up my girlfriend. Since weeks had gone by I'd been able to accept that maybe we were meant to get pregnant. Cameron and I were at a weird place. Her parents had a huge hold over her decisions, and now she finally saw them for what they were.

Also, moving in together, and sharing in what we'd been through had brought us closer together. There were many nights that I considered telling her about the twins, but I knew that there was a chance she'd never forgive me, or be able to get past the fact that number one, I was already a father, and number two, I had twins with my brother's wife.

It was a lot for anyone to wrap their head around, especially someone that I wanted to marry. After giving my friends the low-down, I went to gather some more of my things from my room. It was a shame knowing that I'd waited so long to get it, and I was already having to leave it behind.

I snuck out the back of the house so if anyone was trying to follow me, they wouldn't see me leave. One of my frat brothers drove me to a nearby gas station, where I met Ashley. I climbed in the car, greeted by her being on the phone, Rebekah sound asleep, and Eli smiling from cheek to cheek. "Hey, little guy."

Ash handed me her phone. "Shayne wants to talk to you."

"Hello?" I didn't know what to expect.

"You okay, Parker?"

"Yeah, I am now."

"Ash is goin' to pick up Cameron on your way back, and bring her to our house. We'll order pizza or somethin' easy. Peyton's bringing the baby over and wants you both to be there too. Is that cool with you?"

"Yeah, of course."

"Good. Be nice to my wife. You owe her one."

I looked toward Ash, who was looking back at the kids. "I know. I'll be nice. See you later, bro."

For the first few minutes we said nothing to each other. Then Ashley broke that silence. "So, are we goin' to talk about the baby on the way, or are you goin' to pretend that it's not happenin' around me?"

I looked out the window, instead of in her direction. "Are you worried that I might change my mind or somethin'?"

"Should I be?"

I looked right at her. "No. Of course not. Why does everyone have such a hard time about this?"

"Don't hate me for askin', Parker. You're back now, and it's been weird for me. I'm not concerned for me, but more for your brother. It's obvious that you're plannin' on keepin' Cameron around, so it's easy to assume that you might want to let her in on the big family secret."

"Cam won't ever know about the twins. The secret is safe, and we need to keep it buried. We're goin' to get married, and have our own baby on the way. What you and I had on that beach is in the past. Shit, we were too drunk to even remember it."

"That doesn't matter. Look in the backseat and tell me that's not a reminder of what we did that night."

I ran my hands through my hair. "This is not the conversation that I wanted to have with you, Ash. Look, I'm glad you're married to my brother. I envy what the two of you have, but I'm not tryin' to take your kids away. I signed over my rights when you were pregnant, and I've never regretted it. Cameron is never goin' to know the twins are mine. I'll take it to my grave."

She seemed content with my answer, and I did understand why she was concerned. I suppose if I were in her shoes I'd be confused as well.

The car got quiet again, except for the little guy who definitely wanted out of his car seat. I turned and gave Eli attention, so that Ash didn't have to pull over. It felt good to spend time with him, and even though that secret bond we shared was apparent, I didn't address it. That was something I'd have to learn to ignore. When they got older and wanted to spend time with their uncle maybe it would be all right, but if they felt uncomfortable, I wouldn't argue about it. This wasn't an easy process for me, and I knew it was even more difficult for everyone else, because they had no idea how to act.

I called Cam a few minutes later to let her know we'd be picking her up. I couldn't put my finger on it, but she seemed out of sorts. "Hey, babe, it's me. I ran into your dad at college, so Ash came and picked me up. They invited us to dinner, so we'll be pickin' you up in about an hour."

"I'm not really hungry. Why don't you just go without me?"

"You can still come over and hang out, even if you don't want to eat."

"No. I don't feel well. I wouldn't want the twins to get what I have, so it's best that I stay home."

Even though she was acting weird, I shook it off as hormones. Obviously they were going crazy from the pregnancy. "Okay. If you change your mind give me a ring. We'll grab you on the way. I love you."

She hung up before replying, but again, I ignored it.

Chapter 26

Cameron

My hands were still shaking when I hung up from the call. In a matter of thirty minutes my life had been thrown another loop. I felt hurt, betrayed, and most importantly, lied to.

I'd been busy reading over my term paper for the second time, feeling like my eyes were going to pop out of my head. There was nothing like trying to edit your own material. No matter how many times I'd comb through it there would still be issues.

At any rate, the prepaid cell phone that Parker had given me the day after we moved in had started to ring. Only Parker and his parents knew the number, so I got up and walked over to answer it. Sometimes during the day his mother would bring me things, or ask if I wanted to go into town.

I picked up the phone noticing Parker's number.

"Hey, babe."

While waiting for him to reply I started listening to the background sounds.

A female voice was speaking. "It's obvious that you're plannin' on keepin' Cameron around, so it's easy to assume that you might want to let her in on the big family secret."

I put my hand over my mouth, shocked that this was actually happening. When I heard Parker replying, I knew he'd butt dialed me. Maybe I should have hung up the phone, but I just couldn't. Curiosity got the best of me, as I sat down on the bed and received the utmost shock of my entire life.

"Cam won't ever know about the twins. The secret is safe, and we need to keep it buried. We're goin' to get married, and we have our own baby on the way. What you and I had on that beach is in the past. Shit, we were too drunk to even remember it."

"That doesn't matter. Look in the backseat and tell me they're not a reminder of what we did that night."

I'd already begun to cry. It couldn't be happening, I thought to myself. This had to be a nightmare. Was that Ashley's voice that he was speaking to?

"This is not the conversation that I wanted to have with you, Ash. Look, I'm glad you're married to my brother. I envy what the two of you have, but I'm not tryin' to take your kids away. I signed over my rights when you were pregnant, and I've never regretted it. Cameron is never goin' to know the twins are mine. I'll take it to my grave."

There it was.

The big secret that he'd begged me to leave alone.

The twins belonged to Parker.

It explained everything, and I didn't know how in the world I'd ever be able to look at him the same again. I began to hyperventilate, falling onto the bed and pulling my legs up against my chest. While trying to wrap my head around what I'd just heard, my phone began to ring again. I wondered if it was just another butt dial, and if so, what else would I hear when I picked up the call?

Against my better judgment I lifted the phone to my ear only to hear Parker on the line, telling me we were going to have dinner with his family.

That was the last thing I wanted to do. There was no way I could ever look at Ashley and those twins the same way again.

THE TWINS WERE PARKERS.

Oh my God this couldn't be happening to me. My insides were being torn apart as I attempted to imagine how all of this had happened. It wasn't just that I felt uneasy, and betrayed. It was the fact that this family had a tremendous secret that they all thought they could bury.

I started doing the math in my head, realizing that Parker and I had started dating when Ashley was pregnant. I remember Shayne coming around, and a certain private conversation that I'd witnessed them having.

Suddenly everything began to make sense.

The whispers at parties.

The way they'd been so close to Parker, and then turned their backs on him.

It all made sense.

Shaking, and feeling like I was in a literal nightmare, I tried to psych myself out of my current mental state. Parker loved me, and I was carrying his child. I had to figure out a way to get over this, so that we could be happy.

After nearly an hour I was sitting on the bathroom floor, vomiting, and clearly in no condition to be able to rationalize with what had occurred.

In a matter of seconds everything I thought I'd known had been proven a lie. I couldn't deny my immediate jealousy I had for Ashley, or how Parker was with her, discussing the twins. I wondered if Shayne was aware of their friendship, or even if it bothered him at all? The longer I dwelled on the phone call, the sicker I got. In fact, it got so bad that I actually fell asleep on that cold tile floor, while crying, and reaching for hope that no longer existed.

At some point Parker was going to come home. He'd suspect that everything was okay. I, however, knew I couldn't look at him the same. He'd fathered two children and written them off to party at college, and date someone else. How could I ever be able to accept that he wanted to be a father to my child that was growing inside of me?

I woke up to the sound of the door opening. Being that I was till lying in the bathroom floor, I rose to my feet quickly, so that I wouldn't alarm Parker. It took me a couple seconds to recall what had put me there. As soon as I walked into the main room, I saw him standing there. He had a smile on his face, and seemed so content.

It made me cringe. How could he look at me day after day, knowing he had two children, and act like he was this innocent guy? I felt like I didn't know him at all.

As he approached, I turned my head. "What's wrong?" He ran his hand over my cheek.

I wanted to cry, but knew I couldn't lead on that I knew his dirty little secret. I couldn't say anything at all until I could figure out what I was going to do. It wasn't as if I had a ton of options. I could call my parents and go back to being controlled, or I could stay, forever knowing that those twins belonged to Parker, not Shayne. "Nothing. I'm fine. It's been a long day and I'm headed to bed."

"Did you finish proofin' the term paper?"

"No. I still need to proof it a few more times." The small talk was making my head spin.

"That's my girl; always makin' things perfect." He smiled and pulled off his shirt. It let me know he was going to join me in bed. I didn't know how to get him to leave me alone without putting some kind of worry over him. "Hey, Ash said she's been savin' all the twin's clothes, so whatever we have we'll have a shit-ton of baby stuff. That's goin' to help, don't ya think?"

The idea of getting clothes from the woman that he shared secret twins with rubbed me the wrong way. Again I had something else that was making my stomach twirl. "Yeah, that will be great." I pointed toward the bed. "I'm just going to go to sleep now. I'll keep my ear buds in so you can watch the sports network." I kissed him on the cheek, quickly, so that I wouldn't get emotional from the contact. "Goodnight, Parker."

He followed me into the bed, wrapping his arms around me. I closed my eyes, pretending that it didn't bother me. "I ran into your dad earlier. That's why Ash had to come to school and get me. He said he was watchin' me, and that he'd have me followed until I led him right to you. I was so afraid he'd find you and take you away from me, Cam. God, I love you so much." He kissed the back of my head, making me feel even more confused.

My parents had hurt me, but Parker's secret was destroying me. It's no wonder he couldn't tell me the truth, because he knew I'd never be able to understand. The fact that his brother had let Parker around those kids made me wonder if he'd lost his mind. How could he be okay with knowing that his brother had slept with his wife? They obviously weren't together at the time, but it still wasn't right. I was in the state of utter shock.

While attempting to control my body from shaking profusely, Parker nestled himself closer to me. I felt trapped, like there was nowhere to escape from this type of horror.

I had a big decision to make; one that couldn't be taken lightly. Could I stay with Parker and live with what he'd done, or would I have to walk away, allowing my parents to do what they thought was best for me?

Those questions were heavy on my heart as I tried to close my eyes. For now there was a baby growing inside of me. I was already in love with it, and didn't know how to make a decision when all I wanted to do was be his or her mother.

Chapter 27

Parker

Being with my brother and his family had been enlightening. Watching him interact with the children always felt weird, but knowing that I had a baby on the way helped me. It was imperative that I took into consideration that I'd soon have my own family to care for. Maybe it would help me to overcome the hard feelings that I had when I was around the twins.

At the end of the day they were going to remain my niece and nephew. I'd get to watch them grow, and give them presents for their birthdays and Christmas. I'd get to be a part of their lives, even if I wasn't the person they called 'daddy'. It was enough for me.

Cameron was acting weird over the phone, then once I arrived home it was apparent that something was bothering her. With everything we'd gone through it wasn't surprising that she was acting different. I think sometimes she got cabin fever. My mom had been taking her out a couple times a week to get some exercise, and fresh air.

She'd done well adapting to the changes, and every day we discussed our future. We'd decided to marry within the next month, after she had her sonogram to tell us what we were having. We were still several weeks away from that eventful visit, so we had time to deal with school.

Cameron had been on edge with finals coming up. She'd missed several classes, claiming that it would be an issue for the exam, but to be honest I was sure she knew just as much as the professor himself. The girl had read as a hobby. She was so highly intelligent, and I never doubted her ability to achieve what she set out to do.

Since sex was out of the question, I'd resorted to cuddling up next to her to show her affection. On this particular night she was being ridiculously distant. Within no time she'd fallen asleep, not even really acknowledging that I was holding her.

It took a while for me to finally fall asleep. I felt like my mind was running in a million places. At the end of the day all I needed was in this room lying next to me. She'd probably never know how much she'd changed me. I just hoped that I could be the man she deserved.

Cameron

I pretended to be asleep so that he'd leave me alone. I knew it was a lie, and I hated reverting to that kind of action, but I needed space. At the moment I was so repulsed by Parker that I knew it would cause more harm to address it.

I woke up early, still uncomfortable being so close to him. While Parker slept, I got up and dressed. His aunt would be making breakfast, and having her morning coffee. Sometimes we'd sit out on the large front porch watching the hummingbirds come into the feeders they had hanging up. They were amazing to watch in action, so quick and accurate.

I snuck out the door to our little apartment and walked down the path that lead to the farmhouse. Ford's mother must have seen me approaching. She walked inside and came out with a tray of pancakes and fruit juice. "Good mornin', Cameron. I hope you're hungry."

"I am. Thank you. It's beautiful today," I exclaimed.

"It sure is. Although, every day is beautiful to me. I've been through a lot of evil, so every single day is a blessin' for me."

I couldn't put my finger on the exact reason that I liked this woman so much. Parker had told me all about her previous addictions. He'd also explained how the family had brought her back from the brink of death. It reminded me that no matter what the reason, they always stuck together. It was that kind of support that I wanted my child to grow up knowing.

As I sat down to eat I felt fluttering in my stomach. I'd read that it was the first signs of movement during pregnancy. I giggled, while putting my hand down over my bare skin. "I think I just felt the baby moving."

She smiled and folded her hands together, putting them up to her face. "That's so excitin'. I'll never forget feelin' my kids movin' around. Soon Parker will be able to feel it too."

As the fluttering continued I became overwhelmed with excitement. My baby was alive, and while still growing inside of me, I'd felt that first sign of life myself. I immediately began to cry. All of my emotions were coming into play, reminding me how important every decision was going to be to my future. Just considering going back to my parents last night had filled me with regret. This baby was alive, and it was mine. There was no way I'd ever be able to give it up willingly. The route of running back home wasn't an option.

Since I was so angry with Parker I knew I was going to have to address what I'd discovered. I couldn't stay in that small apartment feeling like he'd only betrayed my trust. Another problem that was bothering me was the fact that he'd been struggling with getting back into the good graces of his family. With my recent pregnancy changing things, I wondered if he'd only changed his mind about becoming a parent because he somehow knew they'd forgive him for his mistakes. If that was the case than he was just using me and the baby. I'd never be able to accept that.

A little later I watched Parker walking on the path toward the farm house. I'd been sitting alone for a while, trying to figure out the best way to handle this predicament. My heart skipped a beat when he stood in front of me, leaning down to kiss me slowly. I kept my eyes open, afraid that if I closed them I'd be captivated by his actions. I couldn't lose myself in him, not until all of the cards had been laid out on the table.

"We need to talk."

He sat down next to me. "Okay. You seem upset about somethin'. Is it your dad? I told you, he's got no clue where we are."

I shook my head and stared down at my hands, hoping that I could be open-minded enough to hear him out. "Parker, I love you, and I know I promised not to ask ever again, but as your wife-to-be, I think I have a right to know. What's the secret?"

I saw his body tense, as he looked out at the field next to us. "Don't start this again, Cam. Everything's good between us."

"I want you to tell me, or there won't be a wedding." My lips started trembling as the words came out of my mouth. I had a grand to my name, nothing to show for, and a little one that was going to be born before I couldn't make enough to prepare for him or her. This wasn't something I was taking lightly.

He scratched his head, shuffling around in his seat, showing me just how uncomfortable he was. "If I could tell you, I would. Trust me, it's not just my secret to tell."

My left eyebrow cocked, as I peered right at him. "If it's not your secret then why did it cause strain between you and your family? Instead of lying to me, you need to come clean. Look at me, Parker. I'm pregnant. I'm carrying your child. Do you really want to risk me leaving for a secret? You can trust me."

He stood up and placed his hands inside of his pockets. I watched as he refused to face me as he spoke. "I can't."

Immediately, before I could react myself, he was on his knees in front of me. "Cam, please hear me out. This has nothin' to do with us. Don't walk away from our future. I'm beggin' you. Don't take my kid away."

I couldn't help it. I started laughing loudly. "I'm just curious, is that the same sentence you said to Ashley when she told you she was pregnant, or did you know immediately that you didn't want them?"

His face turned white. Parker's shock caused him to lose his footing. He leaned back against the porch railing and covered his face. "This isn't happenin'."

I stood up, getting as close as possible without touching him. "Oh it is. You see, if you want to keep a secret from me, it's probably best if you turn off your damn phone before climbing into a car with the mother of your twins."

I watched my tough football player boyfriend fall to shambles in a matter of seconds. He fell to the ground, kneeling before me, reaching for my waist. I let him hold me, but wasn't by any means finished with this conversation.

"Did you really think it was a good idea to lie to me? Were you never going to tell me?"

"It's not like that, Cam. It's not just me that could get hurt."

"You think I don't know that? Do you really think I'd want to hurt your brother and Ashley? They've been nothing but nice to me ever since I met them." It bothered me that Parker treated me like an outsider. I knew it was because of this secret. "I'm so disgusted with you, Parker. You've known about those twins since we started dating. The whole time we've been together, every time you took me to bed, each and every night we laid together planning our future, you knew you had twins by another woman."

I had to get away from him, before I let my knee come up and kick him in the face out of sheer anger over all of this. I don't even know if it was my pregnancy hormones fueling this. I think that I'd never felt so betrayed in my life.

"Just let me explain, babe."

I pointed toward him as I backed away. "Don't you dare call me babe. I can't even look at you without my skin crawling. Our whole relationship has been a lie. How could I have been so naive to let you back in?"

"We love each other," he pleaded. "You love me. I know you do. We can get through this. Just sit down and let me explain."

"There's nothing you can say that I don't already know. I'm fully aware of what you gave up, and your reasoning for doing it. I also know that you were happy when we started dating, which tells me a lot about the person you really are. Never once did you seem conflicted about anything. You're either a great actor, or a heartless ass**le. Either way, I don't know if I'll ever be able to forget that."

I began walking down the path with a plan to lock him out of the apartment for a little while. I needed space. All of my emotions were causing my head to hurt, and my heart rate to increase, neither of which were good for my baby.

"Cam, wait. Where are you goin'?" I could hear him following me.

By this time tears were steadily falling down my face. I'd tormented myself with this truth for the whole night, and now I couldn't contain the sheer pain it had brought me.

"I need to get away from you. I can't look at you right now without hating you. Leave me alone, Parker."

"Babe, Cameron, please don't do this. Don't shut me out. You don't understand. Our baby isn't the same. I want to be a father. I swear I do." His voice was breaking, letting me know how much despair he was in. I couldn't turn around, because I knew I'd want to comfort him. I couldn't let him see me weak.

"Just leave me alone!" I whispered.

By the time I'd made it to the steps I no longer heard him behind me. I refused to look back to see where he was. I knew he was crying, which broke me into pieces. That was the man that I loved more than anything. I'd given up everything to be with him. Now I was carrying his child, and with the revelation of his past lingering in my mind, I wondered if anything would ever be the same.

It wasn't hard to fall on the bed and lose myself to my own confusion. I was a wreck and couldn't fathom how he'd gone for so long without seeing those twins. What kind of man could sit there knowing they were his without regret? How could he look at me with that smile without breaking down? Isn't that what a normal sane human being would have done?

As the hours passed I'd come up with no resolution. My heart was shattered, and I couldn't come to terms with what the future held for me. All I knew was that I still loved Parker. I was angry; so angry that I didn't want to be around him, but I still loved him.

A knock on the door caught me off guard. It was in the middle of the afternoon, so I figured it was either Parker's aunt, or maybe even his mom. I opened the door and the person staring back at me finally gave me that reason I needed, to want to stay. Unfortunately, it was too late.

Chapter 28

Parker

After the falling out with Cameron, I went straight to work. My dad picked me up at the shop, immediately seeing that I wasn't in any real shape to be productive. Once we'd reached his place of business he put the truck into park, but didn't get out of the vehicle. "What's going on with you, son?"

"Cameron knows about the twins, dad. Ashley picked me up from college yesterday, and apparently I butt dialed her. We were discussing the twins, and she heard everything."

"Damn. What were you and Ashley saying?" I knew he wanted details, because he didn't trust me.

"She wanted to make sure that I wasn't going to be a problem for her and Shayne, seeing as Cam's pregnant. I think Ash was just scared that I'd go back on my word."

"Son, I hate to say it, but you've made your bed. The consequences are finally coming full circle. It's up to you to make things right. I wish I could help you, but I can't. Honestly, I don't even know if I have any good advice to give. This is what your mother and I were afraid of. How are you ever supposed to go through life knowing they're your children?"

I covered my face, breaking down right in front of my father. "What have I done?" I cried, so hard that I could feel my body shaking. This wasn't just because Cameron knew my secret. No, this pain was deriving from almost three years of buried guilt. My mind filled with Becca and Eli. I'd watched them growing, silently from the sidelines of my own sad life. I'd seen my own eyes in theirs. Had it not been for Shayne and I having the same features the whole world would have known the truth.

My dad put his hand on my shoulder, but it didn't help with my breakdown. Nothing could have helped me. He was right. I'd made my bed and now I had to lay in it. I'd given up all parental rights, acting like an ass**le when all Ashley wanted was my support. She didn't beg me to marry her, or even be a father. All she wanted was me to be civil. Instead I'd been terrible. I'd pushed her away, calling her names that weren't true. We'd both been on that beach together. It wasn't her idea, or mine. What happened wasn't planned. It came from a ton of alcohol, and being lonely. I saw her as a drunken conquest, and she just wanted to feel like someone in the world wanted her, because she'd just lost Ford. That next morning, when I realized what had happened, and my brother helped us cover it up, I should have known better than to think it was over.

I think from the moment I found out she was pregnant I'd been in denial. I figured that if I didn't want them then nothing in my life would change. I could continue with school, date my beautiful girlfriend, and move forward, while Ashley became a mother, and finally a wife.

My father was right about the full circle. Everything that I'd swept under the rug was showing it's ugly face now. I had no legal rights over the twins, and because of my love for my family, I never would. That ship had sailed, and my brother had stepped in. The twins belonged to him now, and as much as I knew they'd be taken care of, I realized that I'd never be able to experience the love that Shayne would have with them. Eli would never come to me for advice with girls, or when someone picked on him. I'd never be able to say that Becca was a daddy's girl, because the idea of Shayne being her father was like a dagger being driven into my heart.

After all this time that had passed it was clear. I'd have to watch them grow up, knowing that I could have been their everything. I would have made it work, somehow being the man that they needed me to be. My chance was long gone, leaving a constant hole in my heart.

The secret wasn't what I'd been afraid of telling Cameron. It was the truth that I couldn't bear to share with her. It was the utter regret of making the wrong choice. I'd been a coward, and I deserved to lose everything.

I don't know how long we stayed out in the truck. My father never left my side, though he remained quiet during the whole breakdown. I think silently he was smiling, knowing he'd been right about this the whole time. His pushing me away hadn't been from anger. It was disappointment. He knew what it was like to love a child, and hated the idea that I'd been so easy to give it away.

"I'm so sorry, dad. You were right. I can't stop lovin' them. I can't look at them and not see myself. They're mine and they'll never know it. How am I ever going to live with it?" I cried, so hard that I felt like my head would explode. It wasn't normal for me to lose control. I never cried, and the fact that this had all exploded in my face let me know just how serious it was. "I don't know what to do."

"You've got to look forward. That's the first step in getting through it. I know it's hard. I feel your pain, but you've got to be able to accept that there's things in life we can't change. We've got to learn how to deal with what we've been given. Cameron's a good girl, and you've got a second chance to be the kind of father a child would be proud of."

"I want that." It was the truth. This whole pregnancy hadn't just opened my eyes to the past, it was giving me an opportunity to be the person that my parents had raised. It had matured me. "I really do."

"I suggest you figure out a way to make things right with her then."

His wise words rang true in my mind. I needed to find a way to make-up with Cameron. She meant everything to me, and I couldn't imagine losing her. I had to convince her that I was already in love with our baby.

"I'll give her some time to calm down. When you drive me I'll know what to say to her. I'll make this right. I have to."

Cameron

This couldn't be happening to me. "Dad?"

The man in front of me wasn't too keen on my response. His grimace allowed me to be prepared for whatever he had to say. "Are you going to invite me inside of this shack you're residing in?"

I backed away from the door, ashamed that the bed wasn't even made. He entered and looked around, before turning his glare back toward me. "This is the epitome of an apartment. Is this the life you want?"

I shrugged. "It's temporary."

"It's pathetic. You're being irrational, Cameron. The car is running downstairs. Gather your belongings and come with me. I'm taking you home, and having your doctor check you for parasites." He looked around the room. "I'm sure there are roaches crawling all over this place. It pains me to see you in these conditions."

I placed both hands on my hips. "I'm not leaving."

It was difficult for me to argue with my father, especially after fighting with Parker. We'd left things unsettled.

"You will come with me, or I'll make sure to cause Parker and his football career serious problems."

"Go ahead and try."

"You think that I can't make a hefty donation and persuade the scouts to look in a different direction?" His threats were true. I knew he had the power to manipulate people. I'd seen him do it before.

"Please don't. I love him. We just want to be together."

"I will not have my daughter living in these type of conditions. Pack your things or else I'll pack them for you."

I placed my hand on my stomach, reminding myself that it wasn't just me anymore. "You're too late. I can't have an abortion. You'd be risking my health."

"It's not too late for adoption. I've already called my associates to have them look for a proper family. The child will grow up wanting nothing, as you have."

"I won't let you take my baby. I'm an adult. It's my right to keep it. Get out of here, before I call the police." I wasn't leaving, and no matter what he threatened, that wasn't going to change.

My dad pulled out his phone. Right away he was on the line with someone. "This is Evan Hynson. I'm calling to report a theft. My vehicle was stolen by my daughter's ex-boyfriend."

In one swift blow, I sent his cell phone flying across the room. "How could you?"

"Your car has been taken to the frat house. You can break my phone, but it won't stop me from reporting it stolen. I'll be making a complaint as soon as I leave here. They won't have any problem arresting him, being that his fingerprints are all over the place."

I thought about Parker going to jail for something he didn't do. It would ruin his chances of having a career in football. I waved my hands in the air, frantically struggling with what to do to protect him. "I'll go with you. Just leave Parker out of this. I need your word. Promise me that you won't damage his chances."

He motioned toward the door. "Gather your things and I'll never make that call."

I didn't have a choice. If I refused to go with my father he was going to be a threat to Parker. Even though I was angry with him, I couldn't let my dad hurt him. I loved him too much to hurt his chances.

I closed my eyes as I spoke. "Fine. I'll go home with you." My lips were trembling as I sealed my fate. There was nothing I could do. Even if I screamed and ran, he'd still hurt Parker. I grabbed my bag, throwing a few things inside. "Let's just go."

He led me outside, looking around for witnesses before walking me down the metal steps. Just like he'd said the car was waiting for us. As I stepped inside I looked back at the small apartment that I'd been sharing with Parker. I'd never realized that I loved it so much, until we began to pull away.

Chapter 29

Parker

It took me a while to get my shit together enough to be able to work. I didn't do much, not that my father complained. He invited my mom to have lunch with us, and we all openly discussed how to make things right with Cameron. It was going to be a long road before I had her forgiveness, but I knew she loved me. I was willing to do whatever it took to convince her that I needed to proceed with marrying her, not because I had to, but because it was all I wanted.

Believe it or not, lunch with my parents wasn't all that bad. I felt like a weight had been lifted off of me. Of course, none of this meant that I'd ever be able to go back and change things, but I was content enough to know that being an uncle to the twins was better than being nothing. Shayne wanted me around, and I appreciated that more than he'd ever know.

Our family had come a long way. Now I just needed to show that to Cameron. Since this was such a huge issue for her, I decided to call and let Ashley know what was going on. She answered after the third ring.

"Hello?"

"Hey, it's Parker. I need to tell you somethin', and I don't want you to freak out."

"I'm listenin'."

"Cam knows the truth."

"You told her?" I could hear concern in her voice.

"Not exactly. I butt dialed her while we were talkin' yesterday. Ash, she heard everything."

"Oh my God. No, no, no. This can't be happenin'. How did she take it?"

"Not good, You can imagine how upset she is."

"That's why she didn't want to come over last night. I'm sorry, Parker. I didn't mean to cause problems for you. She's been through enough already."

"It's not your fault." It really wasn't. Ash had every right to ask questions. She'd been through enough herself not to have to worry about me being a problem. "We both said things. I should have told her from the beginning."

"What are you goin' to do now?"

"Well, I'm plannin' on explainin' everything tonight. She's got to hear me out. Cam's pissed, but she's also compassionate. She won't be settled until she knows everything. I can only hope that after I've explained she still wants to be with me. I tell ya, I can't lose her now. I'll fight for her forgiveness if I have to."

"I'm real sorry. If you need me to talk to her I will. I'm not sure she'd want to though. If I were her, I'd be a little jealous, not because I'm a threat, but because we were together. You and I know that we don't remember the details of that night, but she doesn't."

"Yeah, she's definitely the jealous type. I'm sure it's botherin' her. It's probably best if I start with your breakup with Ford."

"I can't help you there. There's still parts of my memory that haven't come back. I don't want to seem like an idiot."

"I'll take care of it. If she does want to talk to you, I wanted you to be prepared."

"Good luck with your talk, Parker. Shayne and I will be here if you need us. I know this probably doesn't help, but we appreciate the person you've become. We want you to be happy."

I knew in some ways they wanted me to be happy because it gave them reassurance that I wouldn't do anything irrational when it came to the twins. At the same time, I appreciated the sentiment. "Thanks."

When we hung up I felt like I had backup. There was no telling how Cameron was going to react to our talk. I'd given her the whole day to calm down. She knew me well enough to be prepared to talk it out. Neither one of us liked leaving things unresolved.

My dad dropped me off in front of the shop. I waved as he pulled away, before starting the walk up the flight of metal stairs. The whole time I was thinking about what to say to her first. I had to make her understand that I was sorry. She needed to know that I didn't hide the truth to spite her. I did it to protect everyone involved.

I opened the door and looked around, not seeing her on the bed, or in the kitchen. Figuring she was in the bathroom, I walked over and peeked inside. Cameron wasn't there either.

I called out her name, "Cam?"

Nothing!

Since she obviously wasn't with my mother, I was convinced she was at the farmhouse with my aunt. I'd had a hard day, and decided to take a shower to get cleaned off before facing my angry girlfriend. She'd probably be more forgiving if I didn't smell like rotten onions from sweating all day.

Once I got out of the shower, I headed over to our shared dresser and pulled out some clean clothes. It was strange, but I could have sworn that Cam's dresser drawers were full the day before. Since I'd been so distraught, I shook it off to confusion.

I sat down watching the sports network, waiting patiently for her to walk in the door. After another hour passed, I figured maybe she hadn't seen me arrive home. I decided to walk over to my aunt and uncle's house to find her.

The sun was already starting to set in the horizon. It reminded me of a time we'd gone out for dinner, then parked and watched the sun go down behind a mountain. It was a perfect night, and we'd made love until the sun started to come up again.

I wondered if I'd have that again. She'd still not been cleared to have sex, and even though I knew it was for her health, I hated waiting. Now she had another reason to reject me.

I walked inside of the old farmhouse, smelling something cooking immediately. My aunt walked out of the kitchen with oven mitts on both hands. "Hey, Parker. Is Cam back yet? Dinner's just about done."

"Is she back? I thought she was with you."

My aunt shook her head. "No. Some car came and picked her up earlier. I just assumed that you knew where she was going."

Panic hit me immediately. "What did the car look like?"

"Well, it was far away. I supposed it was some kind of black sedan."

"It was a Jaguar. I thought the person was lost, but he said he was here to pick up Cameron," my uncle stated as he walked out of the powder room with a newspaper in his hands.

"A Jaguar. Are you sure?" I was already shaking.

"Yeah. I know my cars. It was definitely a Jaguar, why?"

"Shit. That was Cam's dad. Did you see them leavin'? Was he forcin' her in the vehicle?"

"Nope. She got into the passenger side all by herself. If I saw her strugglin' I would have said something'. She seemed fine, Parker."

"I've got to go." I ran out of the house, desperate to find out what was going on. Once I was back inside of the apartment, I managed to find my phone. I dialed the number, trying so hard to not freak out. His voice filled the other end of the phone. "Mr. Hynson, may I please speak to Cameron." I had to keep my cool if I wanted to hear her voice, otherwise he'd hang up.

"Why should I let you talk to her? You should be ashamed of yourself for keeping my daughter in those conditions. It's a good thing she called me to come get her."

I felt like shit. Cameron was so angry at me that she'd called her father to come and retrieve her. She didn't want to be with me. "She called you?"

"That's what I said. My daughter is sleeping. When or if she wants to talk to you, I'll forward the message. Until then, I'd suggest that you not call this number."

"That's my child she's carryin'. I've got every right to call her."

I heard shuffling and then muffled voices. Just as I was about to give up hope, I heard her voice. "Parker?"

"Hey. Are you okay?" It felt so good to hear her voice.

"I'm fine. I'd appreciate it if you took my father's advice. Don't call me anymore. We're through, Parker."

"We can't be through. You're carryin' my child."

"I'm giving the baby up for adoption, and getting on with my life. It's for the best. I can't trust you, and that's never going to change. I almost wish I never met you, so I didn't have to go through this pain."

"Wait! Babe, please don't talk like that. Is he makin' you say these things? Just answer yes or no. I love you. I won't let you give up our child, Cam. Please tell me the truth. Tell me this is all to appease him. Tell me you still love me."

"Goodbye, Parker."

She hung up with no explanation. I knew I'd hurt her, but to go to such extremes to rid herself of me without a good talk made no sense. I knew Cameron, and this wasn't how she handled problems.

Once again I felt myself breaking down. I'd thought that it couldn't get any worse, but I'd been wrong again. Cam had left me, and no matter what her reasoning, she's asked me to stay out of her life.

I thought about our baby; a child she'd said she was giving up. It made no sense. I knew she was scared, but she loved that baby already. Why would she say that when she knew it was part of my big secret. I was conflicted.

My aunt came inside of the apartment. I turned to face her as she spoke. "Are you okay? Do I need to call your dad?"

I shook my head. "No. Cam left. She said she's givin' our kid up for adoption and she's done with me."

My aunt sat down next to me, placing her hand over mine. "I find that hard to believe. She felt the baby movin' this mornin'. I saw the light in her eyes when it happened. There's no way she'd make a decision so quickly after that tender moment. Are you sure she's just not angry about somethin'? Perhaps you made her angry enough to want to scare you?"

I sat there replaying our conversation in my head. Cameron was highly intelligent. If she'd been lying to protect me from something then there would have been a hint in our conversation.

That's when it hit me.

Even if Cam was furious with my past, she wouldn't have told her parents. Instead, she would have made something else up. If she was threatening to give the baby up for adoption it would please her parents to be rid of me. As angry as she was, she never would have threatened me with that, not after knowing about the twins. This had to be a sign. She had to be sending me a message in that conversation. Again, she'd not answered yes or no. That was another clue, and had I not known my girlfriend so well I wouldn't have figured it out.

"I need to go."

My aunt stood up with me. "Where are you goin'?"

"To get my girlfriend back. Her dad's holdin' somethin' over her head. I don't know what it is, but I'm willin' to bet it has to do with me. I'll be damned if he's goin' to tear us apart."

"Parker, don't do somethin' you'll regret. You've got a chance to make it big, boy. Don't mess it up."

I kissed her on the cheek. "I appreciate that, but I'm startin' to see that there's more important things in life than professional football. I've got a child on the way, and I'm goin' to be there no matter what I have to give up."

Chapter 30

Cameron

This couldn't be happening to me; not like this. I may have been angry, but I didn't want Parker to think I hated him. While speaking to him on the phone I had to be careful with my words. My dad stood over me, watching me like a hawk to its prey.

I could only hope that Parker read between the lines. He had to know this wasn't my doing. If I would have left him I'd have left a note. I'd have heard him out before doing something so desperate. He knew how I felt about my parents. They were the last two people on the planet that I wanted to be around.

"I hate you for this. I hope you know that. You can throw whatever you want at me, but I refuse to let you win. I'm not going to law school. Your high hopes of me taking over the family business are long gone. Do I make myself clear? I'm done with you. You've ruined my life. You've taken away my childhood, and now you're destroying my chances of happiness. This unforgivable act is the reason that you'll never be a part of my child's life."

"This is just you being angry. You'll come to your senses."

"Screw you! Screw both of you. I despise you. You're not parents. This is not a government. It's my life. The day I turned eighteen I had a choice. You've got no hold over me."

"Don't force me to have that boy put in jail."

"I'm here to protect him. Don't you see that? I'd die before I let you ruin him. He's a good man, and I'll love him for the rest of my life. This baby inside of me is proof of that. Do what you want to me, but you're not touching my child, and I'll be damned if you're hurting Parker." This was my life, and I wasn't going to be told what was supposed to happen. They weren't taking away Parker's dreams because of me. I'd push him away to keep him safe, and when the time is right, I'd break free.

I retreated to my room after the conversation, hoping and praying that Mary, our housekeeper would somehow help me escape again. My parents were very mistaken if they thought they had any right to adopt out my child. I was a grown woman, and this was my choice.

I sat in my room, writing a letter to Parker. He needed to know that I wanted what was best for him. I'd fight to protect our baby, but I wanted him to succeed with his football career. I wouldn't be their prisoner forever. Once I knew Parker was out of danger, I'd find him and we could be a family, if he still wanted me. I knew that after my baby was born everything would change. I may have been temporarily stuck, but it wasn't going to last forever.

Dear Parker:

I hope this letter finds you well. If you're receiving this then it's probably been a while since we last spoke. I'm sorry for the hardships that you've endured after my departure. If I had a way to go back in time perhaps I would have done things differently.

I never meant to hurt you, or lead you on. This pregnancy caused us to act so quickly. I've never seen myself as anything except a lawyer, but that's all changed now. You were right about everything. I never wanted to be an attorney. In fact, I never really wanted to be anything. It's taken this pregnancy to prove that to me. You see, feeling our baby moving inside of me has only showed me my true calling. Somehow, or someway I'm going to be a mother. I'm going to love our child, like I was never loved myself. I'm going to give our baby the best life I can, showering him or her with so much affection. I'm going to let them play with other children, and use their imaginations to create magical lands where they live happily amongst the many friends they've made.

I know you don't understand why I left. It pains me to say this now, but it was for you. I couldn't let my father threaten your future. He said he'd take away your dreams, and since he'd already destroyed mine, I couldn't let his power do that.

Parker, I may not understand your past choices, and I may still be angry with you for holding that secret, but my love for you will never have ceased. I'll wake up every morning wanting to be in your arms, and I'll go to sleep each night loving you with everything I have in me.

You've taught me how to love unconditionally, and I promise that I'll pass that on to our child. Please save a place for us in your heart, because once I know you're safe, we'll be back. Just be patient, Parker.

I love you,

Cam

With teary eyes I folded up the letter and sealed it in an envelope, before hiding it between my mattresses. I'd find a way to mail it to him, so he'd know that I hadn't given up on us.

If I knew Parker like I thought I did, he probably already be on his way to rescue me. I knew I wouldn't be able to leave, but at least I could give him the letter, where I'd poured out my heart to him. Knowing how important football was to him, he'd probably back off, allowing me that time I needed to get away from my parents.

All I could hope was that his intentions to be a family were pure. If that was the case than he'd wait for me. If not, he'd move on. I'd still raise our child as I'd stated in the letter.

The first couple of hours after our phone conversation gave me time to think. I'd been so upset about my father finding me that I hadn't had time to think about what was really bothering me.

The secret.

I knew I'd forgive him. That was never really a question. At first I may have been in utter shock, but as soon as this new catastrophe came into play, I'd realized what I could be giving up. Parker loved me. That was the difference. We'd made a baby out of love, and we'd already planned to have a future together. This pregnancy wasn't the result of a one-night stand. It was two people that were so connected that nothing could tear us apart.

Parker had to know that's how I saw us. He had to know that I was lying on the phone.

Both of my parents attempted to talk to me throughout the evening, but I refused. I'd said all there was to be said. We weren't a family, and we never had been. They were controlling people, who'd had a kid for the sole purpose of carrying on the family name.

It was humiliating.

After spending forty minutes trying to unravel four screws with only my fingernails, I let the small door that covered the access panel fall to the floor. I knew for a fact that there was an old landline phone up there somewhere. While they slept, content that I was locked in the confines of my room, I located the device. It took me a few more minutes to slowly climb down safely. It was even harder to slide my nightstand across he hardwood floor without making a sound. Inch by inch I made enough space to insert the cord into the outlet. The sound of a dial tone made me giddy.

I wasn't going to have to give Parker that letter, because I'd be able to tell him how I felt myself. It was the happiest I'd felt in the past twenty-four hours.

I dialed his number, praying he'd answer. As soon as I heard his voice on the other end I began to cry.

"Hello? Cam is that you?"

"Yes," I whispered.

"Tell me it's not true. Tell me you didn't call them."

"I didn't," I quietly sobbed. "I swear. I don't know how he found me."

"It doesn't matter. All I care about is gettin' you home."

"That's why I'm calling. You can't come, Parker. He's threatening to ruin your football chances. I can't let you take that chance." God, it hurt me so much to tell him to stay away.

"Cam, I don't care about football."

"Yes you do," I calmly argued. "This is your future."

"You're my future. Don't you get that. I don't want any of it without you. God, I thought you left me today. I felt like I'd ruined everything."

"I walked away because I wanted time, not because I wanted to walk away from what we had. My dad showed up and it all happened so fast. He threatened to report my car stolen. He said he'd somehow dropped it off at the frat house, and that with the amount of your fingerprints he'd be able to have you locked up. I won't let him have you arrested for grand theft."

"Fuck him. I'm comin' to get you. We'll get through all of this together."

"Parker, please calm down. I have a plan, but it's going to take time. I need you to trust me. In the meantime I can call you from this phone. I climbed up in the attic through my closet and found it." I was actually proud of myself for figuring out a way to communicate with him.

"I don't like this, Cam. You belong here with me. We've got issues that we need to resolve."

"I know. We will, I promise."

I heard his voice changing on the other end of the call. "I deserve this, Cam. I deserve all of it." Parker had begun to cry. I could feel his pain radiating through the phone. "I wasn't ready to be a father. We spent one drunk night together, and neither of us even remembered the details of it. I didn't like her, and she didn't like me. It was a terrible mistake, I swear."

"You don't have to explain." His pain was making me get choked up. "We can talk about this later."

"No. You need to hear it now. I can't spend another second livin' with this guilt." He sniffled before continuing. "I didn't want to believe that she was pregnant. At first I pretended it wasn't happenin'. She wanted to get with Ford, and told everyone he was the father. It worked for a while, so I put it out of my mind. Then Shayne came to visit me at college. He knew the truth, and it pissed me off. I wasn't willing to give up my life for one night." He paused and I heard him breaking down. I wanted nothing more than to hold him in my arms as he told me the story. "I was a shitty person back then, Cam. I made my brother and Ashley's life hell. I caused them problems, and almost allowed my actions to prevent both of them from raisin' the twins. After makin' everyone hate me, I knew it was best to sign over rights to them. Shayne wanted to raise them as his own, and I wasn't in any way prepared to be a parent to two children. I thought I'd made the right choice. I love my brother, and I know he's a great dad. I'm okay bein' their uncle, but it hurts so much. It's f**kin' rippin' me apart inside. From the moment I found out about you bein' pregnant it's been killin' me. Our child will have a brother and sister that they'll never know about. They'll grow up bein' cousins instead. I hate it. I hate what I've done, and I know there's no way to take it back. It's my burden alone. Ash and Shayne have each other. They get to be with my kids. Shayne gets to hold them, and hear them call him dad. I'll never have that with them. I'll never f**kin' have that." He sobbed, harder and harder until I couldn't understand anything he was saying. I felt so worthless to not be able to be there for him.

This wasn't the way I thought I'd feel during this talk. I thought I'd be reluctant to give him the benefit of the doubt, but this was horrible. Parker was torn apart. The secret wasn't just to protect his brother's family, it was to protect Parker's own sanity. Sure, at first he wasn't ready to be a parent. Maybe he still wasn't, but at least he was able to talk about it. "I'm so sorry, Parker. I had no idea."

"Nobody does. Hell, I just realized it myself. I've been in denial. I mean, I know my brother is a great dad. It helped for a while, but now it's clear. I f**ked up. What's done is done. Now I'm worried that I won't get to know this child. Cam, I can't handle that. I need you here with me. I need to be there for this pregnancy, the delivery, even the creepy disgusting parts. I don't want to miss a minute. Please, say you understand."

"I do." I was just too concerned about my ass**le father. "I also can't have you in trouble with the law."

"Marry me, Cameron. I've asked you before, but I'm askin' you again now. If we're legally wed they can't say shit. Run away with me and become my wife. We'll get through it as a team."

"I told you before, and I'll tell you now. Yes, I'll marry you, Parker Hutchinson. I'd love to be your wife."

"I'm comin' for you, babe. Hang tight. I don't give a shit if I have to climb up a ladder to rescue your ass. We're gettin' you out of that prison once and for all."

"You should come while it's dark. They'll see you if it's morning." I was already preparing to leave.

"Just so you know, I was serious about the football thing. It's nothin' without you in my life. I mean that. We'll figure it all out. If I've got to take over my dad's shop than I will. Nothin's goin' to stop us."

Parker was on his way as soon as we'd hung up the phone. I pulled out the note that I was no longer going to have to send him.

With shaky hands I wrote one to my parents. This was the last time they'd hear from me. My mind was already made up. They'd never been loving to me, and so I knew they'd have nothing to offer my child. They were both too narcissistic to care about someone other than themselves. My baby wouldn't know that kind of selfishness.

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Hynson:

I regret to inform you that I'll no longer be needing a room at your residence. Though I appreciate the education you've provided me with, I'm unable to continue with the goals you've set in place. I've been treated like a possession for entirely too long.

Since becoming an adult, I've learned that my life is mine to be in control of. You may think you're doing the right thing, but you're very mistaken. I've fallen in love with someone, for all of the right reasons. He looks at me like I'm the only female on the planet, and when he holds me I'm not afraid of anything.

I'm guessing that neither of you have ever experienced something so powerful. It's a shame, because once you've had that kind of love you know you'll never let it go.

By the time you find this letter I'll be gone. You can do your best to find us, but I'm sure you won't be able to accept the consequences of your own actions. You see, I'm going to be a mother; one that adores her child, and lets them make their own choices. I'm going to hope that they will have plenty of friends, and a vivid imagination. You may have kept me from a real childhood, but you won't have any say in your grandchild's future.

Most of all I'm going to teach my baby what love is. Alongside of Parker, we'll do our best to provide for our family, even if we have to struggle to get it. After all, it's our love that will hold our family together.

If you've ever loved me, even in your own way, please let me go. I don't plan on contacting you, and would appreciate it if you gave me the same decency. It's time for me to spread my wings and finally be free to live.

Cameron

Chapter 31

Parker

I drove as fast as my car would go to get to Cameron. My father wasn't too happy about picking me up in the middle of the night, but he knew it was important. Together we made the drive to Pennsylvania to pick up Cameron.

Once we had her safe and sound, we'd go to apply for a marriage certificate in Maryland. If all went as planned, we'd be married in the next couple of days.

My hands were clammy on the steering wheel as I drove. I couldn't stop worrying about everything that could go wrong. Secretly I envisioned the old man coming out with a rifle, shooting me dead in front of his fancy fountain.

I shook my fears off, determined to get to Cam.

"She's goin' to be waitin' for us. I'm hopin' she's able to walk out the front door, since her parents will be asleep. Just keep the car runnin'. I'll climb the fence and signal her with the flashlight."

My dad laughed. "You seem like you've done this before."

Even I chuckled at his remark. "No. I just watch a lot of television. Besides, I've played this out in my head a dozen times now."

"What if he calls the police?"

I hadn't considered that to be an option. "Dad, at this point I don't care what he does. He can't keep me from his daughter, or my baby. This shit has got to stop."

My dad lifted up his phone and proceeded to be doing something so important that he couldn't answer me.

"What are you doing over there?"

"I'm buying two tickets to Vegas. You need to get married without him being in your business. Even if he suspects it, he'll be too far away to stop you."

"I'll pay you back," I assured him.

"Consider it a wedding present."

I snickered. "It's a deal. Look, I know you probably think I'm crazy."

"I don't," he interrupted. "I'm proud of you for doing this. It's a shame that Cameron has to go through this, but I'm proud of you for being responsible. If that man thinks he can mess with you, I hope he's prepared to mess with me too. I'm not having him ruin your life. He's not the Lord."

"He thinks he is."

"Yeah, well his God complex is about to be shattered. You just go get that girl out of that house. Take her on a trip to Vegas, buy her a nice ring, and then come home. We'll figure out the rest when you get back. Just so you know, your mother and I won't be angry if football doesn't work out. After seeing what Cam's gone through we want you to know that your life's choices are yours to make."

"Thanks. I've got no idea what's to come, but I'm hopin' for the best."

We pulled up outside of Cameron's house of prisonment a couple hours later. Hurling my body over the large gates weren't as difficult as I would have suspected. I took the flashlight and stood under her window, flashing it until I saw the curtain opening. Only moments later I saw her coming from the side of the house. She took my hand and we ran in the direction of the front gate. Cameron then led me to the side of the main entrance, where the rails were wide enough that she could fit through them instead of having to climb them. "I turned off the alarm, but they'll hear it if I opened the gate. Come on before they wake up and check on me."

I didn't feel safe until we were in the car driving away from the estate.

We both sat in the back, her in my arms. I refused to let go until we reached the airport. Cam turned and looked at me so confused. "What's going on?"

"We're goin' to Vegas to get hitched. It's dad's idea. We need to hurry. Our flight's in an hour."

She seemed both shocked and excited. "Are you serious?"

"Yeah. This old man gave me his credit card too. I tried to warn him."

"I've still got my bank account. We can stop at an ATM and get more cash out. He can't cancel anything without my permission. I researched it online the last time this happened."

"Take the card just in case. Be safe you two. Call me when you get back. I'll come to pick you up." My dad waved as we headed inside of the airport. Cameron had a small bag that I assumed had clothes in it, while I was going with what I was wearing. I'd buy clothes when we got there. As long as we stuck to the plan, I didn't care if we wed naked.

The almost six hour flight was spent sleeping. We both knew we were safe from her dad. Between the two of us we had three grand in cash, and my dad's credit card. He'd paid for our flight, and a room package online, so we didn't have to worry about it. I would have never believed that he'd do something like that for me again, but he'd obviously gotten over my mistakes from the past. He wanted me to have a second chance, and all I wanted was to be with Cameron.

Most people planned their wedding around their careers. They wanted to be financially stable before taking the leap into matrimony. We both knew we were going against all of that by eloping. Still, I knew I'd find a way to provide for them, just as my dad had done with us kids. My dream was to be a professional football player. I'd worked really hard to make it happen, but now I saw what was even more important than that dream. It wasn't just my love for her, or the fact that she was carrying our child. Cameron was my future. I knew it in the pit of my stomach, while my heart beat for only her.

Cameron

I was so nervous, yet so overwhelmed with excitement. I'd never been to Las Vegas, nor had I ever considered going there on little sleep to get married to the man I loved.

Parker was on cloud-nine, gabbing the whole time we waited to board the plane, and finally until he'd fallen asleep in the seat next to me on the large airliner. I wasn't used to such a long flight, but appreciated that the sun was rising as we touched ground. I saw the Grand Canyon, before the pilot made the announcement that we were almost ready to land. My eyes never left the window until we hit the runway.

Since we didn't have anything in baggage claim, Parker and I were able to exit the plane and head straight out to hail a cab. He called his father to let him know we'd arrived safely, after we'd checked into our room.

Since the whole Vegas plan had been thrown together, we didn't even know what we needed to do, or where to go to get hitched. I don't know what other people in our situation did, but we hopped on a bus, and followed down the strip, taking note of all the wedding places, some even drive thru. It was at that point when I realized that it didn't even matter. Our hearts were ready to become one. It didn't matter if we were married by the king himself, or someone that could barely speak English. As long as the documents were signed I would be content.

We stopped at the next place, agreeing to wait until that evening for our service. After filling out the necessary paperwork, we headed out to sightsee. I had no idea that he was doing it, but Parker took me into a jeweler. He was hell-bent on buying me something extravagant, until I explained that a simple band would suffice. After all, I'd spent my whole life getting extravagant gifts that meant nothing to me. Being his wife was more important than any of that.

After purchasing two matching white-gold bands, we spent the rest of our wait time playing the slots. I'd never experienced this before, so you can imagine my excitement when I actually won. In the two machines I put money in, I won two thousand dollars. Parker seemed like he was shocked. He said his parents never won anything when they'd come here on vacation.

Since I'd won what we both considered big, we went out and splurged on something nice to wear for our nuptials. I picked a white dress that did little for my growing baby bump, while Parker chose a nice pair of slacks and a dress shirt. We knew they'd take pictures for us, and at least wanted to look nice in them.

Finally, after a full day and little sleep, we held hands and walked back into the wedding establishment. With strangers as our witnesses, Parker and I were married. It was amazing that it was all it took to get hitched, but I couldn't have been more excited.

Less than an hour after our 'I do's', he was lifting me up and carrying me inside of our room. I stood there, in the little white maternity dress, watching my husband approach me with determined eyes that I knew so well.

Weeks had passed since my hospital visit, enough that we were sure it was safe if we took our time. I hadn't bled since a couple days after leaving the hospital, and after that my last doctor visit assured me that baby number two wasn't in any danger. I was still supposed to take it easy, but made the call just to be sure. I think the doctor was a little shocked at me ringing her from Las Vegas, asking if it was safe to sleep with Parker on our wedding night.

Still, I think we were both still nervous about it.

Parker pulled the dress over my head. He sat it to hang on a chair, while unfastening my bra. His eyes never left mine as he pulled my panties off at my feet. I yearned to be with him, and there was no denying that he wanted the same. He looked hungry, like he was starving for intimacy. I could relate feeling that same pull to experience what it was like to make love to my husband.

We weren't used to not being able to have sex. Admittedly, this felt like it was the perfect moment to get back in the game. I backed up on the bed, watching Parker slowly remove his clothes. He kicked off his pants and boxers together, before joining me on the mattress. I gasped when he leaned in for our first full kiss. His lips, so tender, caressed mine. Waves of emotions filled my senses as our tongues began to dance so synchronized. Our hands connected, intertwining together. Parker flipped us over, so that I was lying overtop of him. I could feel his eagerness, and wanted nothing more than to be filled with his stiff erection. "Make love to me."

"I don't want to hurt you. You're too important. We can wait for that if we need to."

"The doctor said it's fine. Please. You can be gentle."

He lifted me up off the bed, pulling me into the bathroom. He turned on the shower, pulling me inside before I could oppose. From there he pulled me into his strong arms. His muscles flexed as he pulled me into his kiss. I savored his tongue, and the way the water tasted as it splashed over our faces.

While the hunger continued to build, I couldn't control my own actions. I hadn't meant to be so aggressive, but I couldn't remember ever wanting him so badly. "I'm so horny." I shoved him against the hard tiled wall, breaking the distance between us. "If you won't make love to me, then I'll just have to find a way to change your mind."

I dropped to my knees, taking him in one of my hands and shoving it between my lips. His smooth skin filled my mouth as I bobbed my head, while sucking with medium force. Parker dug his hands into my hair and left them there as I worked on giving him pleasure. I placed my thumb on the main vein that seemed to be a sensitive area. As I stroked it with pressure, I could feel him reacting. He pulled away from me, lifting me up to face him. "Kiss me."

I did as he requested, knowing he'd stopped me so he didn't finish too soon. Parker moved gradually down my body, kissing and licking me in all the right places. He stopped momentarily at my ni**les, sucking them hard enough to where I cried out. He pinned my arms above my head, spinning me around and slapped on the base of my pu**y. I leaned my forehead against the tile, feeling the throbbing beginning. It wasn't just the slapping that I liked. The burn of that kind of action made my knees weak. He shoved his finger inside of my ass, and then pulled it out abruptly. I cried out, waiting for him to do it again. The second time I felt him crouching down lower, until his mouth was on my pu**y. He rubbed my ass, while sucking on my lower lips. I rocked my bottom over his mouth, allowing his tongue to traipse over my clit. I'd waited too long for this kind of attention. As much as I wanted it to last, I cried out, losing myself to my own orgasm. Parker's face lingered over my pu**y, placing small kisses all over the outside. He steadied me when he stood and pulled me against his body. I watched him lick his lips as he began to talk. "I love makin' you cum. It felt good didn't it?"

I nodded, unable to talk as my lips brushed over his. "I want more," I admitted mid-kiss.

When he started to crouch back down I closed my eyes. I couldn't watch him licking my clit without losing immediate control over myself again. I needed to savor the way it slid over my wet skin, and the sounds he made as he was sucking up the remainder of my last orgasm.

By the time we'd made it to the bed, I could still feel my pu**y quivering. Little touches caused me to jump, and his kisses only left me craving more. I didn't know what had come over me. Here I was, feeling so horny that I couldn't even stand up. Parker ran his hand over my little baby bump. I felt like I looked fat and tried to cover up, but he tore down the blankets. "Don't. You're so sexy. That's my baby in there. We made that together, and I'll never be ashamed. I love you, Cameron Hutchinson. Nobody will ever come between us again. I promise."

We made love, slow, but passionately together. After we'd both climaxed, we fell asleep with our bodies mangled together. I didn't care that we were in a city that never sleeps. I was exactly where I wanted to be, in bed with my husband.

I held my hand up and looked at the band on my finger. I belonged to Parker, and we were going to make our own future. I didn't have to be a lawyer. The window of opportunity was open, and with all of my extra studies, I have plenty of options. For now, we were safe. We'd have the whole summer to figure out school, and what would come next.

Chapter 32

Parker

There hadn't been another time in my life where I felt so happy. She was safe in my arms, her belly a reminder of what we were fighting so hard to protect. When we'd return home there was nothing her father could do to tear us apart. He could have me arrested for a crime I didn't commit. He could take football away from me, but he'd never take them; my wife and our unborn child.

After all, he was just a man. He'd never know what it felt like to have a family that loved with their whole hearts. He wouldn't know what it felt like to love his child so much that he'd let them make their own mistakes, just because he knew he'd be there to pick up the pieces if it didn't work out. I was going to be that dad, and my baby was going to have the world at their feet.

It wasn't surprising that Cam and I spent the remainder of our trip in bed. We ordered room service, and ate it in the nude. We spent hours talking about the past, and how the twins had impacted my life. I can't even explain how good it felt to have her comfort me. I'd been so afraid that I'd lose her, and maybe I would have had it not been for the brutal mistakes of her parents. Maybe if Cam had two loving parents she would have left me a long time ago. In a way I was thankful that they were such ass**les, because it allowed me to continue to have her heart.

Once we returned from Vegas, we went back to life as usual. We drove together back to the college and took our exams with all of our classmates. With summer upon us, we moved into the beach house, which was a lot more comfortable for my pregnant wife. I wasn't too far that I couldn't still work for my dad and uncle to save up, so that we could find a place that we could raise our child in.

After the sonogram, we discovered that we were expecting a little girl. It was bittersweet for me, experiencing all of this for the first time, even though I knew I could have done it before. This was my second chance, and I was determined not to mess it up.

By July, we'd found a little rancher near my parents. It was a ten minute drive to Shayne and Ashley's house, and about twenty minutes away from Peyton and Jamey. On the weekends we'd all head to the beach. My mom and the females would cook, while us guys watched the kids. I couldn't wait to see my little girl come into the world, but appreciated that I had the opportunity to bond with the twins. I knew they belonged to my brother, but they would forever have a special place in my heart. I'd promised to be the best uncle that they could ever want, and if anything happened to their parents, Cameron and I would make sure they were taken care of.

Shayne and I bonded, probably more than we had in the past. I'd like to think that somehow Cameron had been the reason. Indirectly she'd showed him and Ashley that they had nothing to worry about. My parents couldn't have been more excited being surrounded by all of us. It really was a special time in our lives that none of us would ever forget.

Three months after our marriage, my parents threw us a reception. Cameron was so pregnant that I was sure she was going to explode. Nothing could have prepared either of us for when we started opening our gifts afterwards. A card with only our names on the front was one of the last things we opened. I'd got up to get a drink, and heard Cameron gasp. She had a hand up to her face, as if she was in shock. "You're not going to believe this, babe."

"What?"

"This is from my parents. It's a check for a hundred and fifty grand."

"No shit. Is there a note?"

"Yeah, it says...

Dear Cameron,

Your mother and I have given you the space and time that you asked for. We've respected your decision to marry Parker, and have the child. While it upsets us, we do realize that it is your life to live. Please accept this gift as a wedding present. We hope you'll use it to get a house that you can start out in. As our only child we do hope you'll allow us to see our grandchild. When you're ready you know how to get in contact with us.

Love,

Dad and Mom"

Cameron stared at me, waiting for my response. Honestly, I was in shock. Her parents had made it clear that they despised me. It was obvious they missed their daughter, but I couldn't trust them. "Babe, I'll do whatever you think, but just know that I'm still not over what they did to us. It's goin' to take me more time to get over somethin' like that."

She nodded. "I agree. I think they should suffer for a while longer."

It was the easiest decision that we'd made so far as a couple. The next one was picking out a starter house that we could raise our daughter in. That also came pretty easy when the landlord we were renting from agreed to sell us the house. Since it needed some work, he gave a us a great price. Two months went by before it was legally ours, but at least we didn't have to leave with Cameron being so pregnant.

Our daughter, Freya, was born on a Thursday morning. Like my sister Peyton, Cameron invited the whole family to be in the room. As reluctant as I was, I'd changed my mind soon after when she started freaking out from the pain. I knew I needed my mom and sister to comfort her in ways that only they knew how. Shayne stood alongside of me, watching and waiting. Finally, when it came time to push I couldn't take my eyes off of what was happening. I don't even know if I blinked during the whole process of watching my daughter come into the world.

Then, after cutting the cord, she was placed in my arms. The world stopped spinning, as I looked down into those opened eyes. I'd already loved her, but this was unexplainable. This was the most beautiful little thing I'd ever seen in my life, and she was all mine. "Hello there, little girl. I'm your daddy. Yes I am," I spoke like a child, making my voice high-pitched. "I love you so much."

I reached over and placed the little princess in her mother's waiting arms. Cam looked toward me, just as I leaned down for a kiss. "We did it, babe. She's perfect."

"I know," I agreed.

The family passed her around until they'd all had a turn, and then finally we were all alone. I looked down at my two girls, and felt like I was the luckiest man in the world.

Cameron

Sometimes I felt bad about Parker losing his scholarship because of what happened. Even though he said it no longer mattered, I did my best to try to make him proud of what we did have. While I was still pregnant with Freya, he'd tried out for the Baltimore Ravens. They kept him on until the first preseason game and then cut him. I know it broke his heart, but some of the coaches had asked him to come back next season. They'd even given him pointers on what he had to work on.

In the meantime, Parker focused on working with his dad, which also helped them rebuild their once broken relationship. Once our daughter was born, he changed. Even though he still worked out, I found that he spent more time with Freya than he did on anything else. From the moment he arrived home from work at night, she was his main focus. It helped me out since I was still working on getting my degree in teaching. With two more semesters left, I had a ton of studying ahead of me.

I never would have pegged my life changing so drastically. Given everything that we'd dealt with, I had to say we were pretty blessed. It was amazing how his family treated me like I was blood. Even though it took me a while, I was even beginning to build a relationship with Ashley. Sometimes I still have difficulties seeing the twins as being Shayne's children, but I never made it obvious. If Parker was happy with the way life was, it wasn't my place to voice an opinion. No matter what, we were all family. We'd be able to watch them grow up, and celebrate every event in their life. Had they been put up for adoption that never would have happened.

It took me six months to allow my parents to meet Freya. Even though I still had a ton of pent up anger, I knew it was important for them to meet the little girl that they didn't want me to have. For the first time in my life I watched my mother cry. She held her granddaughter and broke down. It was the first sign of real love that I'd ever seen her display. As touching as it was, I still found myself protective of my child. My father only held her for a moment, in which she screamed so loudly that I had to take her. All in all it was a good visit, and a start to rebuilding whatever kind of relationship that we could ever have. I wasn't looking to be close to them, but I also wanted to be someone that my daughter would be proud of. Since everyone deserved a second chance, I agreed that I'd visit, and see how it went after time.

I could tell they were still unhappy with my choice to change majors and become a teacher. I had a child to raise, and wanted my summers off to be able to spend them with my family. It was important to me to be able to spend as much time with my little girl. I wanted to watch her experience every first, and I wasn't going to hold her back from anything she dreamed. I knew with Parker by my side we'd make it work, and there would be no more regrets.

The only thing we'd have to worry about was finding the time to make more babies, because Freya was going to need a brother or sister to play with very soon.

