Preface

I needed to let go, to release her hand, but first I had to release my gaze from those beautiful blue eyes. I willed her to understand, to see in my eyes the words I could not say. She needed to realize that, no matter what happened, she would never have to release my heart. I squeezed her hand one more time before letting go.

Chapter One

Charlotte

I still wasn't used to the darkness. Back home, a hint of light always streamed through my blinds, either from another house, a street light, or the moon. No light seeped into the inside of Cason Caves.

I pulled my blanket tighter around me, trying to ward off the cold caused by the unsettling remnants of a dream. I seemed to always wake up in the middle of the night. I finally gave up on the tossing and turning and went to find some water.

"You couldn't sleep either?"

I followed the voice and found Liam sitting at the mouth of the cave. He was using the little bit of moonlight to read a book. He looked so much older than he had the year before, when we first returned to Charleston. Maybe it was the stubble on his face, or how his hair had grown out. I wondered if I looked older, too. "Don't you know reading in low light can hurt your eyes?"

"Don't you know that reading is better than going crazy, rolling around in bed?"

I laughed, wondering if he had any idea of how poorly I'd been sleeping. "You may have a point there."

He patted the space next to him. "How are you doing?"

I took a seat. "I'm all right. I'm nervous. I'm worried about James-nothing new." What I didn't tell him was that I'd just had a nightmare about him and Calvin. Some people had nightmares of being completely naked in front of a crowd. I dreamed about being in love with two boys. I knew how pathetic that sounded, and considering everything else going on in my life, it was, but having both Calvin and Liam with me sent my emotions out of control.

Only a few weeks had passed since the battle at Cason's Cave, but it could have been a year for all of the plans that were already in place. We'd managed to hold off Blake, but the fight was far from over. Since we had discovered his army of the undead and his ability to use powers equal to my own, the stakes had risen even higher.

Once again, Kevin and I were going our separate ways. Liam insisted on staying with me. It was appropriate for him to insist-he was one of my Guardians after all-but the trip would be unbelievably awkward since Calvin would also be with us. I needed to stop worrying about it. I was with my Gerard, and I had far more important things to focus on.

"James is going to be okay. We'll find a way to save him." There was more conviction in Liam's voice than I would have expected.

"I'm glad you're going with me."

"Me too." He ran a finger over my left hand.

I wasn't sure if I was doing something wrong by letting him touch me. I knew the gentle caress was more than a friendly gesture, but it wasn't like we were kissing. Sometimes I was so confused I could scream.

"Do you really think Ruth left the scroll for you?" Liam asked.

I'd been mulling that question over in my head for days. After scouring every book and talking to the oldest members of the Resistance, we kept coming up with the same evidence. We needed to find a scroll written by the original Essence. Supposedly, the document contained information directly from the Source. No one knew what the scroll contained, but it was said to be intended for only the direst of circumstances. Everyone agreed that our situation qualified.

"It seems crazy that she would have left a scroll for me hundreds of years before I was born, but everything about being an Essence is crazy. All I know is that, if there's actually something that could tell us how to defeat Blake, we need to find it."

"And we will."

"I just wish we could all travel together. Wouldn't it be so much easier?" I hated that Kevin was going to Alaska instead of with us.

Liam's arm brushed against mine. "Yeah, easier but way too time consuming. Kevin has his own job to do."

Closing my eyes, I cleared my head. "I just hope we're both successful, and that this actually works."

"We don't have any other choice right now. I guess we might as well think positive thoughts."

"Thanks for the pep talk."

"Well, you don't have James to do it... since he was all about the pep talks."

He turned his face away from me slightly, but I had a feeling Liam was smiling. He knew that talking about James usually motivated me to action. I played with the fabric of my dress. Pajamas weren't something I had at the moment. "I miss him."

"Do you want to go see him?"

I stretched out my legs. "How'd you know?"

"From the look in your eyes."

I rested my back against the cool rock. "Am I that obvious?"

"When you feel strongly enough about something, your eyes always give it away." He dropped my hand.

"True." I tried not to think about what other thoughts might be clear on my face. "You think it's okay if we go?"

He leaned back. "Why not? It's not like he'll mind the late visit."

I stood up. "So not funny."

"Sorry, couldn't resist." He pushed my leg playfully. "Aren't you going to help me up?"

"Sure." I held out a hand, but when he took it, he pulled, and I ended up half in his lap. "So not funny again."

"Where's your sense of humor?"

"I think it's sleeping."

He laughed. "Maybe it can share its secret with us."

For a moment, our lips were so close they could have been touching. The near electricity shooting between us made everything even worse. I quickly got to my feet. He joined me a moment later.

We moved through the darkness. It hadn't taken long to memorize the passages of the cave, even though they all seemed exactly alike when we first arrived. We quickly found the small enclave where James was sleeping.

He lay on a cot-the same kind we all slept on. It was wood, and made for portability. Comfort wasn't one of its features, and the thin mattress didn't help. A lantern lit the entrance of his room.

Liam leaned against the wall. "I'll wait for you out here."

"Thanks." I was glad he was giving me space. I wanted to see James alone.

I walked into James's room and knelt at his bedside. After a moment's hesitation, I picked up his limp hand. "Hey." I knew he couldn't respond, but part of me believed he could hear me. "You really picked a bad time to check out on us. I'm heading off with Calvin, Liam, and Henry to find a way to make you better and to defeat Blake once and for all. I wish you were coming, too. Who's going to make fun of me?"

After brushing his blond hair off his forehead, I looked at his face. His expression wasn't peaceful. I hoped he wasn't in some sort of pain. I still couldn't believe a father could do that to his son. But we were talking about Blake.

I concentrated on James's mind. There had to be some way I could break in. I pushed as hard as I could, but it might as well have been an impenetrable wall. I got nothing.

"Charlotte?" The low voice felt like a caress. Calvin and I were so connected now.

I dropped James's hand as I turned to face Calvin, who stood in the doorway. His dark hair fell slightly over his eyes, and he looked exhausted. He'd been training people day and night.

He rested a hand on the rock wall. "Any change?"

"No. I just keep thinking I'll find a way in."

Calvin walked over and kneeled down beside me. "We'll find a way to save him."

"You and Liam both think so." I sat back on my heels. "I wish I had that confidence."

He kissed the top of my head. "We think it because we know how strong you are."

"At least the training with Mom has been going well. I can't believe how much I've learned so quickly." She'd been pushing me hard. Every time I thought I'd mastered a task, she made it more difficult. The hardest part for me was concentration. My mind tended to wander at the worst possible times.

"What do I keep telling you? You are a natural."

I smiled. "I'm kind of the queen of being natural. Isn't that part of being an Essence?"

"You certainly are my queen."

"So there are queens here?"

"Not in Energo, but several Pact nations have monarchs with those terms. Here, we have the Essence and Gerard."

"I like our names." They were different and so much more than just titles.

He squeezed my hand. "Me too."

A thought suddenly occurred to me. "Where's Liam? He's supposed to be waiting."

"I told him to go back to sleep. I will walk you back to your bed." There was definitely an edge to his voice. I didn't blame him. I wouldn't have liked him slinking through the night with a girl-and we both knew Liam wasn't just any boy.

I turned back to James, kissed his forehead, and whispered, "We'll be back soon." The nearly threadbare blanket didn't seem like enough to keep him warm, but Mom thought his body was in a state that made him impervious to cold or heat.

I let Calvin pull me into his arms. Everything felt better when he held me. All of the confusion melted away.

"This journey will not be easy, but at least we will be able to sleep side by side. It is torture having you so far away." Calvin understood that I felt uncomfortable sleeping next to him with my mom around, but that didn't make him like it.

"It's better than being in different worlds." Our year apart had been torture for my heart.

He smiled. "That is true."

He led me through the still corridors of the cave. We stopped at my bed, which was next to Kevin's, and he waited for me to get in.

"Sleep well, my Essence." He kissed me gently on the lips. The look of longing in his eyes made me wish I could curl up in his arms. He touched my hand again one more time before walking away.

Warm and recharged from spending time with Calvin, I snuggled down under my covers. Just before I closed my eyes, I sensed someone watching me in the darkness. Liam. I turned over and went to sleep.

Chapter Two

Charlotte

Morning came far too soon. I stretched before forcing myself out of bed. Kevin's cot was empty. He always seemed to get up so much earlier than I did. I walked outside, craving a few moments of morning sunshine. I closed my eyes, trying to soak in the sunlight the way my mom had taught me. Evidently, I also had the power to absorb the natural elements. Absorption worked kind of like recharging a battery. I couldn't take in too much, but the recharge would help if I depleted my energy.

"Uh, Char, are you okay?" Henry asked.

"What?" I lost my concentration and realized I was sweating like crazy.

"I think it is great that you are using your abilities more, but maybe you should save some energy for later." His cotton shirt fit him loosely, and he probably wore it purposely because it showed off just the hint of chest hair. Henry was all about making sure people realized he'd grown up. I understood on some level. Being the youngest child could be hard.

"That's what I'm doing. I'm charging."

"Charging? Is that what you call sweating like a pig?"

"Hey!" I swatted at him, but he moved away too fast.

He plastered on his most innocent expression. "What?"

"You don't tell a girl she's sweating like a pig."

"How about... you are sweating like a beautiful pig. Is that better?"

"Get lost."

"Okay. If you really want to be deprived of my company..." He winked before disappearing back inside.

I had just gotten back into a comfortable position when I was interrupted again.

"It's nice to see you progressing so well." Mom handed me a cup of coffee. She'd finally accepted that, on top of everything else, her daughter had become a total coffee addict at seventeen.

"Thanks. I needed this." I took a sip, savoring the bitter taste. Sweetener wasn't an option. The coffee certainly wasn't gourmet, and it was made over an open fire, but I wasn't going to complain. It served its purpose.

"Are you sure you're going to be okay without me?" Mom looked so comfortable in her Energo outfit-a long navy blue dress. Sometimes I forgot that she had worn those clothes for the first eighteen years of her life. I wanted to ask her so many questions about her childhood, but we definitely hadn't had time for reminiscing.

I loved having Mom back, but sometimes it got to be too much. I was so frustrated by her worrying, that I finally blurted out what I'd been holding back. "You do realize I've traveled Energo without you-twice. Right?" I regretted the words as soon as I saw her wounded expression. "I'm sorry. I just mean that I can do this."

She put a hand on my arm. "I know you can. But I'm your Mom. That means it's my job to worry."

Liam came over and threw an arm over my shoulder. "She'll be safe with us, Mrs. C."

The fact that he was doing that meant one thing-Calvin wasn't around. I couldn't help but notice the way his black cotton shirt clung to his chest. I shook myself, but not before Mom gave me a small smile. She'd caught me. She didn't seem to think my attraction to Liam was a big deal, but I did.

Mom turned to him. "I know that, Liam. But we've only just been reunited. I don't want to say goodbye again."

"This is going to be the last time. We're going to end this." I didn't know where the conviction came from, but I felt deep inside that my words were true.

"I know we are." Mom beamed.

"Besides, we're only going to be gone a few days. We just have to find the scroll at Ruth's old house, right?"

Mom nodded, but the worried expression remained on her face. "You still need to be careful. Remember that you have to use your abilities sparingly. Every time you use your powers, you risk the possibility of exposing your location to Blake. If he happens to be close..."

"I know he's a Cipher, Mom."

We'd also come to accept that Blake was something that was thought to exist only in legend. He was the antithesis to an Essence-to me. She was right, but I hated the thought of not being able to use my abilities. It was the only way I ever felt useful. Otherwise I was more of a burden than an asset.

I pushed those thoughts away. "We'll be careful," I said. "Do you even need to say that? It's me we're talking about."

"Yeah, and you did wander through the gate you were explicitly told to stay away from."

"True, but that's different." I ran my hand through my knotted hair. I was in desperate need of a brush or something to tie up my hair. Mom read my mind and handed me a piece of leather. I used it to pull my unruly locks into a messy bun. It would have to do.

I also needed a bath, but I wasn't interested in another icy plunge in the river. I'd already had my one bath of the week in the caves. I could have used the Essence card to get someone to heat water for me, but it was such an ordeal that I didn't want to deal with it.

"How is it different?" she asked.

I shrugged. "It just is." It seemed a lifetime ago that I had stepped through the old garden gate. I'd had no idea at the time how huge a step it really was, how much would change. I glanced around the small clearing where we stood, mere steps from a thick fern grotto. Sometimes something as simple as the foliage reminded me of how far we were from home.

"How's the coffee?" Liam took the mug from my hand and sipped it. "Nice."

"Get your own."

He grinned. "Why? Never learned to share?"

I pulled my mug back from him, nearly burning us both in the process.

"Okay, I forgot. I shouldn't try to come between you and coffee."

I laughed. "You of all people should know that."

Mom just smiled again. Maybe watching us let her imagine what I was like when the weight of all the worlds wasn't on my back.

Henry reappeared with a heavy pack slung across his back. "I think we've got everything."

I was glad he'd be around to help keep things light. Without James, I needed that. Henry and I had become good friends in the year he'd spent in Charleston. I'd missed his humor on my last journey.

I glanced around for my Gerard. "Where's Calvin?" I could feel his presence, so I knew he couldn't be far.

Henry dropped his pack on the ground. "He's getting the horses ready."

My chest clenched at the word horses. It brought back memories of my first time on a horse-with James. Even though I'd learned to keep the truth to myself, James's comatose state was one of the biggest motivations to find the scroll. All I knew was that I was the only one who'd be able to understand the writing, and that without it, we had no clue how to vanquish Blake. I tried to stay positive, but part of me was terrified I wouldn't be able to read it. I wanted to defeat Blake, but I also needed to save James. As unbelievably annoying as he could be, he was one of my best friends, and he was only unconscious because he had protected me.

"You okay?" Liam asked gently. He was always able to figure out what I was feeling, no matter how hard I tried to hide my emotions. I wished he couldn't. Sharing my feelings wasn't high on my to-do list.

I forced a smile. "Yeah, I'm okay. If we're that close to leaving, I need to find Kevin and Monty."

"I'll come with you. I think they're getting ready to leave soon, too." Mom gestured for me to head inside ahead of her. She didn't actually say it aloud, but I knew she was nervous about Kevin seeing Dad. She wanted to go with him, just as she wanted to go with me, but she needed to stay with the Resistance. Someone from our family needed to be there. It wasn't an edict or anything, but the presence of a Winthrop gave some more authority to the group-helped the morale a little. Monty had offered to stay, but Mom figured he'd have a better shot at helping Kevin. I wondered if she was afraid to face Dad. Her getting kidnapped obviously wasn't her fault, but she had left him with a heavy burden to bear.

"There you are." Kevin's tall form nearly took up the entire mouth of the cave.

I crossed my arms. "You make it sound like you've been looking for me."

He stretched his arms above his head. "I have. I feel like I've barely seen you, and now we're leaving again."

I shrugged, trying to play off just how much I agreed with him. "You know what they say, 'Absence makes the heart grow fonder.'"

"I think I'd prefer to hate you than to have to leave you here." He led the way back inside. Liam and Henry stayed outside. They probably assumed we needed some family time.

"Aww, how sweet." I still had to give my brother a hard time sometimes. Old habits die hard.

"So, Mom. How do you feel about Charlotte going off with three guys?"

Mom shook her head. "Considering one's her Gerard, I'm not too worried. I should probably be more worried about you."

"Afraid Samantha's going to take advantage of me?" He laughed.

"No, it's the other way around."

Kevin let out a small grunt. "Geez, what a vote of confidence."

"You know what I mean. Samantha's from Energo; she's not experienced. The lost world is going to be a shock for her even without you pushing her."

Kevin looked incredibly uncomfortable with where the conversation was heading. "Monty's going with us. I wouldn't worry."

Mom seemed to relax a little. "True enough. All right, you two. Don't leave without saying goodbye. I need to check on supplies."

Kevin waved. "See you in a few."

I turned to Kevin. "I heard Talen's going with you."

"Talen? Why's he coming with us?"

"He's an arctic wolf. Don't you think he might come in handy up in Alaska?"

Kevin pulled an apple out of his pocket and took a bite. "I guess. I just don't know him well."

"Aren't I supposed to be the anti-social one?" I tried not to drool, but I hadn't had a normal fruit like an apple in a while. I had no clue where he'd found them, but Kevin usually managed the impossible.

He smiled, pulling a second apple from his other pocket. He tossed it to me. "I liked it when you were. Mom might not care about you alone with three guys, but I do. I don't care that Calvin's your Gerard. You're still too young."

I took a bite of the crisp apple. "I'm seventeen."

"Way too young."

"He's a good guy."

He tossed his apple core into a bin. "Maybe. I know I should trust him, but I don't."

"Well, Liam will be with us too, and I know you trust him."

"Do I trust him? Yes. Do I trust him with you? The jury's still out."

I took another bite and wiped some juice that ran down my chin. "Well, you know Henry's not into me. He's been pining over Rachel this whole time."

"I'll agree with you there. When in doubt, stick with Henry."

I laughed. "Please never change."

"The same goes for you. You're going to be okay. All jokes aside, I'm glad you'll have three Guardians with you."

"Me too." Although I tried to act calm, I had learned the hard way about the dangers in Energo. I wouldn't want to travel alone.

Monty joined us. "Kevin, I'm about ready to go." He'd shaved, and he finally looked like my uncle again. I knew facial hair was the thing in Energo, but Monty would always look funny to me with a beard. The same could be said for Kevin and Liam-but they'd shaved the second they had the chance. Monty usually waited until it was a full beard.

He must have caught me staring. "Do I have anything on my face?"

"No... but that's kind of the point. You're not fuzzy anymore."

"I figured if I was going back to civilization, I might as well look the part."

I checked out his black cotton outfit. "You think you look the part?"

"Very funny. Have you looked at yourself lately?"

My long red dress was comfortable but not even remotely practical. I missed jeans. "Don't rub it in."

"You look beautiful in that dress." Calvin came up behind me and wrapped his arms around my waist. He was so comfortable with public displays like that, but I still felt strange-especially with Liam around.

I gave in and leaned back against Calvin. "Of course you'd say that."

He didn't seem to mind the way Kevin rolled his eyes before walking away.

"I have a surprise for you." Calvin lightly kissed my neck, keeping his lips there for a moment longer than I expected. The contact made me shiver with a mix of nerves and anticipation.

I turned to look at him. "Really?"

He held out a package wrapped in parchment.

I ripped it open to find a pair of black pants and a shirt similar to what Samantha wore. "Thanks so much!"

"Blake's men are going to recognize us no matter what you are wearing. You might as well be comfortable. But you do not have me to thank."

"I don't?"

"Nope. Samantha insisted on it."

I spotted Samantha's blond hair a little ways off and excused myself to go talk to her. I stopped a few beds down from where she stood. "Hey."

She looked up from packing some supplies. "Oh. Hi, Charlotte."

I held out the new clothes. "Thanks for these."

"It is nothing. It just seemed silly that they were making you wear dresses. No one is going to be fooled."

"I appreciate it."

She smiled. "Any advice for me? I am about to enter unchartered territory myself."

I was tempted to give her a warning about my brother but kept to the question she really asked. "Just be prepared for people acting differently. Men aren't exactly as respectful there. If you want to blend in, take some clothes from my closet."

"Oh, great. I did not even think of that. I would stand out in this?" She gestured at her black pants and white top.

"Yeah... although boots are in this time of year."

She laughed lightly. "I wish we were going together. It would be nice to have another girl around."

"I completely agree. We'll have to hang out when this is all over." It still felt strange yet awesome to like a girl my brother was dating-if one could call it dating. I wasn't sure what was going on with them.

"Definitely. Be safe."

"Same to you." I reached out awkwardly to hug her.

She returned the hug just as awkwardly. "Bye." She smiled before walking away.

Kevin walked over as soon as she disappeared from sight. I wondered if that was intentional.

"I guess this is it." He gave me a huge bear hug, lifting me slightly off the floor. "Take care of yourself. Be strong."

"Same to you." I tried to hold back the tears that threatened to spill. I hoped it wouldn't be the last time we would see each other, and I forced myself to be strong.

We stood there silently as we waited for Mom and Monty to join us. I was really getting tired of all the goodbyes.

Monty swung me around as he always did. At least some things never changed. "Don't do anything crazy."

Mom gave me the biggest hug yet. "You can do this, Charlotte."

I didn't want to let go of her. Our time apart had made me need her more, both as my mom, and as the former Essence.

Calvin took my hand, giving me a sympathetic smile. "You ready?"

He'd been away from his family for months; I wondered if it was hard on him, too. At least I wasn't saying goodbye to Calvin. I didn't think I could handle that again.

"Yes." I waved goodbye to everyone and let Calvin lead me to the horses. There were only three. "I'm guessing that means we're riding together?"

"I would prefer to have you close."

"Sounds good." I definitely didn't mind. I never felt safer or happier than when I was with him.

Liam and Henry were already waiting for us.

"Ready for another adventure, Char?" Liam asked.

"Another? We've had one before?"

Henry laughed. "This is going to be interesting."

Calvin helped me into the saddle, and we were off.

Chapter Three

Kevin

Saying goodbye to Charlotte was becoming second nature. I knew that adult siblings weren't supposed to see each other all the time, but it was getting a little ridiculous. I understood why we had to do our own parts, but I just wished that for once we could have been in the same world together. While Charlotte was looking for the scroll, I had to find some sort of stone called the Onyx. No one knew much about it, but supposedly some ancestor of mine hid it in the lost world around the same time the scroll was written.

I guessed that world had been lost a long time. I had no clue what the thing looked like. A stone could be a lot of different shapes and sizes, but Monty seemed confident we'd know it if we saw it. Plus, my dad was supposed to be an expert on it. In theory, the stone was supposed to hold some incredible power, and if used correctly, it could destroy Blake. Without the knowledge, it was useless, which was why Charlotte was looking for the scroll. Just as Charlotte was the only one who could get the scroll, a Winthrop Guardian had to retrieve the Onyx. For better or worse, I was the only one who fit the bill.

"You ready?" Samantha asked impatiently as I finished packing my backpack.

Taking the few things I had from the cave was kind of dumb since I could get anything I needed at my house in Charleston, but I didn't like leaving things behind. "Yeah, let's do this."

Monty and Talen had already gone ahead to make sure the gate was unguarded. I didn't mind. I liked having the time alone with Samantha.

"How long is the trip to Alaska going to be?" she asked.

"Both flights, combined with the layover, add up to about ten hours or so."

"Flights. I still can't picture it."

"It's pretty cool. I think you'll like it." I was excited to show her my world. In Energo, and even in Alak, she had the upper hand. I was the novice who had no idea what he was doing. It would be nice to be the one with a clue.

She got that cold, steely expression. "It does not matter whether I like it. If it gets us to the Onyx, it is worth it."

I smiled. "You really are single-minded."

"So are you." Her half-smile let me know exactly what she was referring to.

"I think of plenty more than that." True, I thought about Samantha a lot, but I didn't let it get in the way of other things.

She crossed her arms. "Remember what I said in Alak. If it interferes with our mission, it is over."

"Yes, ma'am." I mock-saluted.

She shook her head. "I do not know what I see in you."

"Sure you do. It's my charm and good looks."

"Maybe the good looks part." She blushed-a very rare occurrence.

"I'll take it for now. You ready?"

"I have been waiting on you for ten minutes already." She slung her pack on her back and headed toward the exit.

"Yeah, yeah."

The sun was high in the sky when we walked out of the cave. If things went well, we'd be back in Charleston by the time the sun set in Energo, which would be sunrise back home.

Samantha walked next to me as we hiked through the fern grotto. "Did you have any idea your father was looking for the Onyx?"

We'd have to cross plains next before hitting a more temperate forest. I'd only made the journey to this gate once, but I remembered it well. "No. Honestly, I was pissed at him for closing us out." Pissed was putting it mildly. My relationship with my father had gone from bad to worse our last year in Alaska.

"You were lucky to have your father."

"I'm sorry." I probably sounded like a whiny idiot. At least I had parents.

"It is okay, but sometimes you have to appreciate what you have."

"I know. I just felt like Charlotte needed him." I needed him too, but not the same way my sister did. I was older when Mom disappeared, and basketball kept me busy enough that I got through it.

Samantha stepped around a twisted set of tree roots, brushing against me in the process. "Have you always been so protective of Charlotte?"

"Yes. I'm not sure how much of it comes from being a Guardian and how much comes from being her brother."

She smiled. "Probably a little of both."

"How old were you when your parents died?" I usually steered clear of the subject, but it also seemed like something I should know.

"Young enough that I do not remember them." She sped up, letting me know the conversation was over.

"Hey, wait up."

"Sorry. It is not something I want to discuss."

"Got it." I searched for a safe conversation topic. "Are you excited to see where I come from?"

She finally slowed. "I want to find the Onyx. If in the process I get to learn more about you, that is fine too."

"Why is it so hard for you to admit you like me?"

"I have made my feelings crystal clear." She ran a finger over her bottom lip as if she was remembering one of our kisses.

"You can make them clear again anytime."

"And you say you do not have a one-track mind?"

I shrugged. "Watching you touch your lips did it. It's not my fault."

"A real man takes responsibility for his thoughts and actions."

I laughed. "A real man? How many real men have you kissed?"

She hurried ahead again.

Damn it. "I was joking, Samantha."

"I do not care. I want to get there."

I hustled to catch up with her. I had no idea what made me say such stupid things around her.

"None," she whispered just as we entered the garden.

I was smart enough to keep my mouth shut, for a change. Thankfully, she was ahead of me and didn't see the grin on my face.

Chapter Four

Liam

Watching Calvin with his arms around Charlotte on that damn horse nearly killed me, though it wasn't the first time I'd seen him touch her-not by a long shot. Calvin used every chance he had to touch her. Charlotte hated the public affection. I couldn't believe he didn't realize it-or if he did, he didn't care.

I tried not to let it bother me, but it was a losing battle. I didn't care what bond connected them, Charlotte didn't belong with Calvin. He barely knew her. He couldn't possibly care about her the way I did.

I replayed all of the chances I'd wasted over and over in my head. She hadn't given me much time when she came back to Charleston, but what she did give me, I threw away. What would have happened if I'd manned up earlier and told her how I felt? Would she have felt the need to explore if she'd known my feelings?

I fell back a little after we cleared the fern grotto. Riding alongside them was torture. I didn't need to see the way she leaned back against his chest, or the way he rested his hand on her leg. I think I preferred the long shapeless dresses. Those pants were worse-they had the same effect as her tight jeans.

At least riding a horse came naturally to me. I guessed it was a side effect of being a Guardian. I still found it hard to believe that Charlotte kissing me at thirteen had caused me to become one, but that also explained a lot. I'd never been horrible at sports, but that year, I was the star forward on the basketball team. My mom couldn't believe how tall I grew over one summer. No one in my family had ever reached six feet. I wondered if the whole Guardian thing was part of why I liked Charlotte so much, but it couldn't be. I'd fallen for her before that night-I just hadn't realized it. Also, not every Guardian wanted her. James liked to pretend he did, but it was just a game, and Henry saw her as a sister.

We rode across the open plains. I cleared my head by looking up at the cloudless blue sky. I knew we had a lot to tackle before we could relax, but I wasn't a glass-half-empty kind of guy. That was why I wasn't willing to give up on Charlotte. If we were meant to be together, and I knew we were, it would happen.

Calvin slowed to match my horse's speed. "We are getting close to the river. We will stop there."

I nodded, watching the way the gold highlights in Charlotte's hair glistened in the sun. I'd never had it so bad for a girl. A year before, I thought Kevin was my biggest obstacle-little did I know. "Sounds good."

When we reached the bank, I dismounted, leaving my horse to graze with the others while we ate. Charlotte's mom had packed sandwiches. She'd done a good job, considering how limited our supplies were.

"Is this peanut butter?" Charlotte asked.

Henry took a large swig of water from his canteen. "Close. It is from a different nut, though."

"Oh." Charlotte studied her sandwich, pulling the bread apart a little. "This is jelly, right?"

Calvin laughed. "Yes. It is jelly."

She pouted. "Hey, it doesn't hurt to know what you're eating."

Calvin ran a hand through some of the hair that had come loose from her makeshift bun. He had barely touched his lunch. He was too busy fawning over her. "Would your mother ever give you something dangerous?"

"No. But she grew up on Energo food. We probably have different ideas of what tastes good."

I took a large bite. "It's good, Char."

"Good." She smiled at me before taking a small bite. At least she trusted my judgment.

"Oh, it is good because Liam says so, huh?" Henry laughed.

Charlotte grinned. "You're from here, too. I needed an unbiased opinion."

"Henry, is the food where she is from any better?" Calvin asked.

Henry stuffed the last bite of his sandwich into his mouth. "They have different things, but it is pretty much the same, except they will fry anything in oil."

Calvin nodded. "I will remember that."

Charlotte played with some grass. "Do you think you'll ever come back to my home?"

"I would come visit your former home."

She leaned back on her elbows. "Former home?"

"You cannot mean to return there after all of this. You know you belong in Energo."

She looked pensive, staring up at the sky. "It's still home."

Calvin stiffened but didn't say anything. Smart man.

"So what's the plan? Do you really think the scroll is just sitting there at Ruth's house?" I asked. Nothing was ever simple when it came to Energo.

"Probably not. I'm guessing she hid it somewhere." Charlotte sounded nonchalant, but I knew she wasn't that calm.

Calvin figured it out too. "We will find it. She left it knowing someone would need it one day. I am sure you will know where to look."

She closed her eyes, soaking up the sun. "You make it sound like magic."

"Not magic-just you." He leaned over and kissed her cheek. I fought the urge to look away.

She opened her eyes and glanced at me as if checking to make sure I wasn't upset. She'd obviously picked up on my feelings. The question was what she would do with that knowledge.

Calvin stood up. "We should probably go. It is going to be nightfall soon."

"Do you think we'll make it to Smidtle tonight?" I remembered the name of Ruth's village from the maps of Energo I'd spent hours poring over. I had been at a disadvantage last time when I had no idea where I was, so I'd wanted to be prepared. Smidtle was supposed to be pretty small and mostly agricultural. That described most towns in Energo.

Calvin held out a hand to help Charlotte to her feet. "If we move. I would rather not camp out on the prairie tonight unless we absolutely have to."

"Then let's do this." I walked over to my horse and mounted.

Chapter Five

Samantha

My heart nearly beat out of my chest as I waited for Kevin to push open the gate. It was an old gate-wrought iron with ivy growing all over it, but I could tell that whoever made it had used great care.

Kevin glanced behind him. "You all right?"

I nodded. "Fine."

"Well, welcome to Charleston." He held open the gate.

The first thing I noticed on the other side was the darkness. I knew there was a time difference between our worlds, but I did not quite believe it until we arrived.

"How was your trip?" Monty stood up from where he waited on a stone bench by some sort of fountain. From the looks of it, the fountain had not been turned on in some time.

Kevin greeted his uncle with a pat on the shoulder. "We didn't run into any trouble." He headed toward the large house.

"Is this really a private home?" I asked as I waited for Kevin to unlock the door. Made from various types of stone and wood, the house was nearly as ornate as the castle at Bellgard.

"Yeah. It's a little much, but I've always loved this place. You'll have to see the view of the water."

I nodded absently as I followed him inside.

He pointed to the right. "The kitchen is over here. I doubt there's anything edible left in the fridge, but there's probably some snacks in the pantry."

"Okay."

Monty came in behind us. "Charlotte's room is ready for Samantha if she wants to get settled."

I liked him. At first, I had been skeptical of his duty to his home since he had fled Energo at such a young age, but it did not take long for me to realize that concern was unnecessary. "Thank you. Is it upstairs?"

"All the way on the third floor." Kevin gave his uncle a look I did not quite understand.

Monty gave Kevin a strange look in return. "It's where she'll be most comfortable."

Feeling left out of some communication, I said, "I think I will go find it."

"I can show you," Kevin quickly offered.

"No. I can find it." Whatever was going on with those men, I had no desire to be a part of it.

I walked up two flights of stairs and stopped in a narrow hallway. An open door lay in front of me, with a closed one across the hall. Directly behind me was a long row of doors that I assumed led to a balcony. I walked into the open room.

The first thing I noticed was the beautiful wooden instrument in the corner. Kevin had mentioned Charlotte was musical, but I had no idea what a cello was. I'd never seen anything quite like it and had to admire it before exploring the rest of the room. A strange image flashed through my mind, but it went so fast I could not quite grasp it. I shook it off and moved on.

A light blue blanket covered a bed large enough for at least two or three people. Why a young girl would need a bed so big I did not understand, but it certainly fit with the enormous size of the house.

I set my pack down beside the bed and took a closer look at a number of pictures lining a white desk. The one similarity between most of the pictures was Liam. I did not envy Charlotte's position. It was clear she was in love with two men. Being in love with one was hard enough.

I had finally accepted that truth after the battle at Cason Caves. My fear for Kevin's life went beyond the care for a companion. Of course, we had also kissed on many occasions, but I had the impression that casual kissing was commonplace in his world. I had so many more important concerns, but figuring out how to deal with my feelings for Kevin was paramount to concentrating on the others.

A light knock on the door pulled me from my thoughts. "Samantha?" Kevin stood in the doorway. "Is the room okay? I'm glad Monty cleaned it up. Charlotte never leaves it this neat."

I smiled. "It is perfect for the night-or rather day. She was lucky to have such a fancy place to sleep."

"You'll have to tell her that when you see her."

"Maybe I will." I looked past him into the hallway. "Is the offer to show me the view still available?"

"Of the water? Sure." He took a step back so I could pass.

I did not wait for him to open the door to the outside. I got to it first. I was used to doing things on my own, and if things were ever to become more with us, he needed to understand that.

I walked to the railing. "Breathtaking."

I could not imagine having such a beautiful view, especially not in a modern city. Kevin had grown up with so much more than I had. I wondered if that was an obstacle that would keep us apart. In Energo, people from different classes rarely united. From what I understood, I had come from a respectable family, but I had grown up an orphan raised by exiles.

"It is, isn't it? I missed this place when we were up in Alaska." He had a far-off look in his eyes.

I stared back out at the water. "It is never easy to leave home." I definitely understood that sentiment at the moment. Of course I had been to other nations before, but the lost world was something different entirely.

Kevin joined me at the railing. "I know this wasn't easy for you, but I'm glad you're here."

"Me too." I looked up at his slightly sun-kissed face. He lacked the rugged good looks more typical of men of the Resistance. Instead, he was more classically handsome. He may have had Energo blood in him, but to me, he was exotic. Maybe that was what made it all the harder to resist him. I reached up and ran a hand through his dark brown hair. "I would not mind it if you kissed me."

A slow smile spread across his face. "You wouldn't?"

"No." I refused to look away. He was so frustrating sometimes. Why did he need to hesitate when I made my desires known? Was it just to make me more uncomfortable?

"Good." He leaned in, brushing his lips against mine.

I didn't bother to suppress my moan of pleasure. The gentle kiss changed, and I found myself wrapping my arms around his neck as his hands moved to my hips. I had no other experience for comparison, but I doubted many could kiss the way Kevin did. It awakened a side in me I had not realized I had. My entire life had been dedicated to defeating Blake so we could take back Energo, and until Kevin, I had never made room for anything else. His hands moved lower, and I took in a harsh breath.

"Oh, sorry."

I stepped away from Kevin as soon as I heard the voice.

"Talen? What do you want?" Kevin made his annoyance at the Arco, a man who could turn into an arctic wolf, abundantly clear.

"Sorry to interrupt...whatever it is I interrupted, but we need to talk strategy. We cannot go into this unprepared."

"He is right." I smoothed out my shirt, hoping to hide any evidence of what we had been up to. "We should go back inside."

Kevin wore a disappointed look but followed me. A voice in the back of my head told me I should be grateful for the interruption. A much louder voice told the first voice to quiet down.

Chapter Six

Charlotte

"You are so funny." Calvin settled his hand on my hip as we rode our horse across the prairie.

"Why am I funny?" Without seeing his face, I couldn't tell if he was being serious or not.

"You take nearly everything in stride, yet you are bothered by eating different foods."

"I'm not bothered by it. I just like to know what I'm putting in my body."

"I happen to care about your body, too." He leaned forward to whisper, "But I still find humor in your reaction."

A thrill ran through me when he talked about my body, and I decided to run with it. "Glad to know you care about my body."

His hand tightened on my hip. "Despite everything we are facing, it is your body, and your face, that I cannot get out of my mind."

I knew his words were genuine. He'd been hinting about his expectations for several days. Since we were back together and out from under the watchful eye of my mom, he assumed I was finally ready to sleep with him. It was a reasonable assumption, considering in the eyes of Energo, we were married. The question was whether or not I was ready. I was pretty sure of the answer.

Henry sped up and matched pace with us. "Something is wrong."

Calvin adjusted the reins in his hand. "I was thinking the same thing. We should see people by now."

I wasn't sure what they meant. "Are we that close to Smidtle?"

Calvin straightened, moving away from me. "Close enough to the village that we should see someone."

Liam fell in on the other side of our horse. "Do you think we're moving into a trap?"

"I could open my mind. Try to find out." Being an Essence was only fun when you actually got to use your powers.

"No." Calvin tightened his hand on me. "This is not worth the risk."

He was probably right, but I still didn't like it.

"I'll go ahead," Liam volunteered. "You said the village is directly north of here?"

Calvin took a moment to respond, as if deciding whether or not to accept Liam's offer. Then, he nodded. "At the first sign of trouble, turn back. I will not lose another Guardian if it is unnecessary."

"I'd prefer to stay alive, too." Liam smiled faintly. "Hold down the fort, Char."

Henry laughed. "There is no fort. We are riding-"

"It sounded good." Liam's grin lit up his whole face. Despite the seriousness of our situation, he was still in a playful mood.

I wished I could be the same way. "Are we sure there's no better way? I could at least try to open my mind-"

"No way. What if it's Blake? He'd be able to get to you that way. " Liam's fear was logical, but I still had to fight the urge to argue.

"Be safe," I whispered.

"You too." He waved before riding off.

"He is a Guardian. He can take care of himself, Charlotte," Calvin said.

"I know he can, but I'm still going to worry."

"Of course you will." Henry pulled out his water jug. "She always worries."

Calvin rubbed my back. "There is no reason to worry. You should trust your Guardians."

I had a feeling he also didn't like the fact that Liam was the object of my worries. He wasn't blind. He knew those feelings went more than one way, even if I'd never act on them. What was wrong with me? Mom made it sound normal, but how could it be? An Essence was only supposed to love her Gerard.

We moved forward at a snail's pace, and I kept my eyes fixed ahead, watching for Liam's return. Even if something was wrong, he'd have to see it in time to turn back.

"We should stop." Calvin didn't wait for Henry to respond before guiding our horse to a resting place at the edge of the woods. The sun was just disappearing beyond the horizon, and the forest had an eerie feel to it that gave me goose bumps. "He should be back by now."

I shivered. "Do you think he's hurt?"

Henry hopped off his horse and helped me dismount.

Calvin jumped down afterward. "I do not know. We are going to have to wait here for the night."

I turned to Calvin. "No. We have to find Liam."

Henry put a hand on my arm. "Calvin's right, Charlotte. He is likely fine. Maybe he just stopped to rest."

I shook my head. "Liam wouldn't just rest."

Henry tossed down his pack. "We cannot act recklessly. Without you, we are all in trouble."

We heard a horse coming toward us.

"Liam!" I called before realizing the rider could be someone else.

The horse came into view with Liam on its back. He jumped down, and I ran into his arms.

He pulled me against him for a second. "Wow, Char. If this is the welcome I'm going to get, I'll volunteer to be the scout more often."

I pulled away so I could look at him. "What's wrong? What took so long?" I searched his body for evidence of an injury. At least I could help with that.

Liam avoided my eyes. "Calvin, I need to talk to you."

"No. You can't discuss things without me." I put a hand on my hip.

"He wants to leave me out, too," Henry pointed out as though it changed anything.

Liam pleaded with his eyes. "Can't you just give us a minute?"

I shook my head. "No."

"Fine." Liam sighed. "If you're going to insist."

Calvin pulled me against him, wrapping me protectively in his arms. "What did you find?"

"A ghost town. There's no one there-not a soul." He glanced at me then back at Calvin. "I found only one body."

"One body? Just one?" Calvin asked.

Liam shifted his weight from foot to foot. "This is the part I didn't want to say in front of Charlotte."

I struggled to swallow, dreading his next words. "Why?"

Liam looked down. "It was a girl." He hesitated before continuing. "A girl who kind of looked like Charlotte."

Calvin squeezed me tighter. "They were sending a message."

"A message? They killed an innocent girl to send me a message?" I wanted to vomit, and I started to shake. We had to do something.

Calvin tried to soothe me. "It is okay. We will bring whoever did it to justice."

"How can you be so calm? They killed a girl. They killed her because of me."

"What good will it do to act otherwise?" Henry asked. He'd been snapping at me more and more. Maybe the stress was getting to him. "We have to concentrate and decide what to do next."

"Do we turn back? Is there even a chance the scroll is still there?" Liam asked.

I didn't wait for anyone to answer. "We need to check. We have to at least look." The truth was that if the scroll wasn't there, we were in trouble. I had no idea where else to turn.

Liam nodded. "I think we'll be all right. I checked the town twice. It seems deserted."

Calvin ran his hands down my arms, probably trying to calm my slight shivering, which came from shock and anger-not the cold. "It could still be under watch. We will have to be careful."

"We could go back and get more men," Henry suggested.

Liam said exactly what I was thinking. "What men do they have left to spare? Almost everyone's been sent out already. Besides, we came this far. We can't waste any more time."

"Charlotte can use her powers if she has to. We are stronger than anyone with you two together." Henry gestured at Calvin and me.

"I can do this," I said softly. "I can do this," I repeated louder. "If you guys can make sure the town is really deserted, we'll go in, and then I'll create a fog strong enough to keep anyone else out. It will give us enough time."

"You will not overuse your energy? You'll stop if you sense Blake?" Calvin asked.

"I can control it. I'll be careful." I moved from Calvin's arms. I needed to stand on my own.

All three nodded. Surprisingly, no one argued.

"Are we ready then?" I asked.

"Yes." Calvin got our horse ready and helped me mount.

We rode across the now dark prairie. The only sound was the hooves of the horses striking the ground and the low howling of the wind. The night was cool, and the wind stung my face.

"It's right up ahead," Liam called. The silence seemed to amplify every sound.

"I need to check it out." Calvin stopped the horse. "I will not be long. Stay with Liam and Henry no matter what happens."

I nodded, thinking at least he wasn't going too far ahead. We waited tensely. I focused on how I'd create the fog rather than Calvin's absence.

Finally, he returned. "It is clear."

"Did you see the girl?" I asked.

He nodded. "Yes. We will move her body before we leave."

Calvin didn't bother to mount again; he walked the horse into the village. We stopped first at the stables, and Calvin prepared the horses for the night. As a farm boy, Calvin had grown up with horses. Once the horses were safe, Calvin looked at me.

I took in a few deep breaths. "All right, I'm ready."

"Are you sure?" Calvin asked.

"Yes, I'm sure." I wished he didn't look so worried. If I couldn't create a simple fog we were all in trouble.

"It helps if we touch, does it not?"

Liam coughed.

I carefully avoided Liam's eyes. "It does."

Calvin put his hands on my shoulders, and I closed my eyes. I reached out, searching for some easy energy to pull from. Learning how to do that was one of the biggest lessons my mom had taught me so far. It was the only way I could avoid passing out, although I still needed to be careful. The most important thing was to avoid the ready energy sources standing in front of me. If I pulled enough energy from any of the guys, I could kill them.

I pulled energy from the fields. There was a surprising amount in the tall grains. The telltale heat seeped through me, and I knew my magic was working. Picturing a thick fog radiating out from where we stood, I worked to push it out far enough that it enclosed the entire village. I tried to make it impenetrable, the kind of fog that even Rudolf couldn't find his way through. I momentarily lost concentration as I pictured the reindeer and had to steady myself and start over. Thankfully, none of the guys bothered me. Finally, I opened my eyes.

Liam was grinning. "Nice."

"Well done." Calvin spun me around to face him. "As always."

"Why were you laughing?" Henry asked.

I smiled. "Rudolf."

"Who is he?" Calvin asked.

Liam laughed. "Don't worry, man. He's not more competition."

Henry looked at us. "I still do not understand."

"Hey," I said, "you had a Christmas in Charleston; you should know, Henry."

He stared at me blankly.

"He's a reindeer," I started to explain, "a flying reindeer with a shiny red nose that led Santa through the foggy night to save Christmas..." Then I realized it was pointless. I'd have to explain Santa next.

Calvin smiled slightly. "So it is an animal?"

"Yes."

"Okay, you can explain more another time."

"That's probably a good idea." I turned to examine the village. It seemed pretty typical for a small town in Energo: modest homes and stores, all surrounded by farmland. We were in the center of town. The cobblestone streets reminded me of downtown Charleston.

"Which house was Ruth's?" All I knew was that the family currently living in the house had left one room untouched for her. I still thought it was funny that she'd leave the scroll in her childhood home. Maybe she thought the small village was the last place someone would look for such an important item. People would probably assume it was in Bellgard somewhere. We only knew about its location because Percy had entrusted the information to Tomas. The more I thought about it, though, the more I figured she had to have a bigger reason. Maybe she somehow knew the Essence retrieving the scroll wouldn't be able to get into Bellgard.

"Samantha said it had a thatched roof." Henry seemed proud of himself for remembering that detail.

"They all have thatched roofs," Liam stated flatly.

I laughed. "Real helpful."

"Hey. At least I asked."

I patted Henry on the back, and he grinned. I loved how normal our friendship had become-he really was like the little brother I never had.

"Okay, so what do we do? Start checking all of the houses?" Liam asked.

"Sounds reasonable." I started walking up the front steps of the first house.

Calvin continued down the small road. "Or we could just go into the one that says Winthrop." Calvin waited in front of a house three down from where I stood.

"What?" I hurried over to him. Sure enough, a plaque beside the front door listed my mom's maiden name. "That's probably a good place to start."

Henry walked up to the door and tried the knob. "It's not locked."

Calvin gestured for me to stay back while Henry and Liam checked inside the house. I understood the protectiveness, but it got old sometimes. They came out a few minutes later and gave the all-clear. I walked inside with Calvin. The downstairs was all one big room, reminding me of Calvin's childhood home.

Goosebumps covered my skin as I looked at the half-eaten food on the table. "That table is still set for dinner." Whatever happened had occurred suddenly. I prayed that the rest of the townspeople were still alive.

Calvin said, "They may have all run for it."

I sighed. "I'm going to pretend I believe that." Even though I hadn't seen the girl, I could still picture her. I walked out of the living area and headed to the stairs. "I assume Ruth's room would be upstairs."

"Let me go first." Calvin slipped past me on the stairs, stopping to squeeze my hand. "The house is clear, but you can never be too safe."

I nodded and followed him up to the second floor. We saw two open doors. Through one, I saw a room that held a crib, and my chest clenched.

Calvin put an arm around me. "We are doing this to keep our people safe." He moved to the closed door and tried to turn the knob, but it wouldn't budge. "Stand back. I will have to break it down.

I put a hand on his arm. "Before you do that, let me try."

"Okay."

"You're not going to try to stop me?"

"Opening locked doors is something I think an Essence would be good at."

I smiled. "We'll see." I put a hand on the knob, closed my eyes, and concentrated. I pictured the knob turning, felt a little bit of heat, and then the wooden door opened slightly. The moderation exercises my mom had put me through were paying off. A month before, I would have used up all my energy and ended up pulling the door off its hinges.

"Nicely done." Calvin surprisingly didn't move to walk in first. "I have a feeling this is also a job made especially for you."

"Will you wait for me here?"

"Of course. I will not move."

"Good." I stood on my tiptoes to kiss him on the lips. I'd gotten much more confident about showing him affection.

He put a hand on my back, pulling me closer. I knew he wanted the kiss to go a lot further, but I had work to do. "Not now."

He released me reluctantly. "Tonight."

I pushed open the door.

"Umm, this can't be right." The room was empty-absolutely and completely empty. Not a single piece of furniture remained. The only evidence of anything having been there were slight indentations in the floor. "We're too late. Someone must have gotten here first."

"It is okay, my love. We will find another way." Calvin came in, and his comforting arms moved around my waist.

"Can I have a minute alone in here?" I needed to clear my head.

"Sure... should I wait in the hall?"

"Yes, please."

"Call me if you need me." He disappeared through the doorway, closing the door behind him.

I closed my eyes and thought of Ruth. "Please tell me this wasn't all for nothing. Please tell me there's something here."

There is something here.

My heart about stopped. The answering voice was not my own.

Chapter Seven

Kevin

I needed a cold shower, but a Coke was the only thing cold I was getting. Things with Samantha had just gotten good when Talen interrupted us. The timing was highly suspicious.

"Our flight leaves late tonight. You all need to get some sleep because we will need to be fully alert." Monty took a bite of pizza.

I'd been right that the food supply in the house was low, but Monty still had a bunch of frozen pizzas. He was addicted to them, and I didn't mind it. Frozen pizza was heads above what we'd been eating with the Resistance. I watched as Samantha took a tentative bite of her slice. She'd opted for the vegetable pie. Monty must have bought it for Charlotte, who wasn't the biggest pepperoni fan.

"Has anyone actually talked to my dad yet?" I refilled my glass of soda. Yet another thing I'd missed while in Energo. "Does he even know we're coming?"

"You're not seriously asking that question, are you?" Monty grabbed a second slice from the baking sheet.

"I take it you've called."

"Of course I've called. He's picking us up at the airport."

"Dad? He's taking time off work to pick us up?"

Monty gave me a frustrated look. "This is his work."

"Yeah, you keep saying that, but I'm not sure I'll really believe it until I see him."

Monty leaned back in his chair. "You won't have to wait long. Eat up and go to sleep."

Talen laughed.

I glanced at him. "What?"

"You are a grown man, yet you allow your uncle to speak to you like an infant. And you are a Guardian?"

I pushed back my chair. "Are you looking to start a fight?"

Samantha put a hand on my arm. "Let it go. He is only trying to rile you up."

"Oh, I realize that, but I have nervous energy I wouldn't mind-"

The doorbell rang. Monty and I looked at each other. Who the hell would be ringing our doorbell?

"Should I answer it?" I asked.

Monty shook his head. "Let's wait and see if they go away."

The bell rang over and over. I'd never noticed how annoying the tone of it was.

"I do not think they are going away." Samantha looked pensive for a moment. "Maybe I should get it? I will say you are away from home."

Monty nodded. "That might be best. We'll be just out of sight, in case this is trouble."

Samantha nodded. There was something so cool about a girl who never let things scare her. Monty and I squeezed in behind the door before she opened it. Talen had waited in the kitchen. Way to offer protection.

"Who are you?" Charlotte's friend Rachel asked.

"I am a friend of the Wint... um... Calloways."

I was surprised Samantha even remembered my last name, since no one used it in Energo.

"Oh... is Henry home?"

Samantha didn't skip a beat. "Henry? No. He is with Charlotte."

"Where did they go? They've been out of school for weeks." Rachel sounded breathless, as if she'd been running. Maybe she had been. There was really no other reason for her to be in our neighborhood. Either that or she was stalking the house. Considering how into Henry she was, maybe that wasn't too far off.

"Visiting family."

"In Europe? Are you from there, too? You talk like Henry."

I had to force down a laugh. We'd been worried the "Europe cover" wouldn't work for Henry, but no one seemed to question it. I guessed the alternative possibility, that he was from another world, was too out there for anyone to believe.

"Yes, Henry and I are from the same place."

Man, Samantha was pretty good at being evasive. I'd have to remember that.

"Is Monty with them? And what about Kevin? The police are involved now. They think they were kidnapped or something."

"Monty and Kevin are visiting elsewhere," Samantha replied calmly.

"Oh. Well, do you know when everyone's coming back? I need to talk to Henry."

"I am sorry, but did you mention who you were?"

"Rachel. I'm Henry's girlfriend."

"Oh, I have heard of you."

"You have?" The excitement in Rachel's voice was comical. At least the girl was as crazy for him as he was for her. The stalking-the-house theory was sounding more and more likely.

"Yes. He cares for you."

"Can you tell him I miss him? I really miss him."

Samantha stepped closer to the doorway. "Are you crying?"

"Yeah. It's been hard. I thought I lost my best friend and boyfriend all at once."

"They miss you as well. I will make sure they know you came by. And you will see them again soon." Samantha's voice held a conviction that seemed intense, even for her. She really believed we had a chance, and that made me believe it. "Take care now."

"Bye." Rachel sounded sad, but at least she knew Henry hadn't just left her.

Samantha closed the door and locked it before turning to look at us. "How did I do?"

"Perfect." I smiled. "Of course."

"I feel sorry for that girl. I do hope Henry comes back for her. I have seen the love he has for her. They need to unite."

Wow. I'd never heard Samantha talk about uniting before. Did she have more interest in that sort of stuff than I thought?

Monty headed back into the kitchen. "I'm sure he will. He's an admirable kid. Plus his mother would have his hide if he didn't."

Samantha walked toward the stairs. "I think I am going to get some sleep."

I wanted to follow, but I figured that wouldn't go over well. Instead, I helped Monty with the minimal dishes. Afterward, I flipped through an old Sports Illustrated. Bored, I decided I might as well go to bed, too.

"Kevin, come in here," Monty called from the den.

I stopped halfway up the stairs. "What is it?"

"It's not good."

I ran back down, jumping over the last couple of steps, and went into the den. Monty gestured to the TV. ESPN was on.

Authorities are calling foul play in the disappearance of UNC forward Kevin Calloway and his family. After weeks of extensive investigation, the trail is still cold. Teammates of Calloway have their own theories.

I groaned as the camera moved to my roommate Marcus. "Kevin was into some strange shit. I don't know what was real and what was fantasy, but there may be some Lord of the Ring types involved."

"Lord of The Ring types?" the reporter asked skeptically.

"Yeah, old fashioned clothes and everything. They even talked all funny. They were probably really after his sister, though. She's the princess."

"And now back to Drew in the studio."

The screen went black for a second before returning to sports scores.

Monty let out a deep breath. "This is bad."

"You think? It was bad enough that the cops here were looking. I should have assumed they'd be involved in Chapel Hill, too." It wasn't every day that a starting player from a major ACC team went missing. I caught a few scores, and it didn't look as though my team was doing well. I wondered if I'd ever play basketball again. "What do we do?"

Monty shut off the TV. "Lay low. Don't talk to anyone you don't have to tomorrow. We let Samantha and Talen have all the conversations. No one is looking for them."

I nodded. "I guess that's the only thing we can do. Do you think anyone's waiting for us with Dad? And wait. What about IDs? Won't our names flag the system at the airport?"

"We're covered. We had to get identification for Samantha and Talen, so I got us some fake IDs."

"You did all this in less than a day?"

"No. I had someone do it earlier."

"Someone?"

"Sometimes it's better not to ask questions, Kevin." Monty was acting really weird.

During the weeks we were at the caves, he'd made several trips without telling us where he was going. Mom said that was just the way he was, but he had never been like that back home. Maybe his evasiveness was just nerves. I knew I wasn't exactly thrilled about the trip.

"Okay," I said. "On that note, I'm going to bed for a few hours."

"Do that. I'm going to keep first watch. I'll wake you up so I can sleep next."

"Sounds good." I headed upstairs. Instead of stopping on the second floor by my room, I went to the third and listened outside of Charlotte's room. I heard a few notes of music and knocked a few times before slowly opening the door. Samantha looked up when I walked in.

"You trying out the cello?"

"No, I mean...it just reminded me of something."

"Are you really into music?" I had no ability when it came to music, but both Charlotte and Monty loved it.

"No. I just wanted to hear it. It's like I've heard someone play one before."

"Oh."

"This is going to sound crazy, but I feel like I have been here before. I just walked out on the balcony that overlooks the garden, and I swear it is like I have seen the view."

"That doesn't sound crazy. Do you feel that with anything else?"

"I am going to go to bed." Samantha carefully set down the instrument before hurrying me out the door. "See you in a few hours. Rest well." She shut the door in my face before I could respond.

After what I'd seen in Energo, I no longer believed in coincidences. Samantha's case of deja vu held some significance, but I couldn't figure it out. I walked down to my room and flopped on my bed. I forced every thought out of my head so I could get some much-needed sleep. I'd have hours to worry about it on our trip.

***

I did a double take when I walked downstairs and found Samantha in the den. "Samantha? What are you doing up?"

She barely glanced up from where she sat cross-legged on the couch with her chin resting in the palms of her hands. "Oh, I could not sleep."

Something felt off. Samantha never looked so down. "Is everything okay?"

"Yeah, just a bad dream."

"Oh, anything you want to talk about?"

She stood and walked to the back hallway. "No. I am fine. You can go back to bed. I will take the next watch."

I followed her. "I'm up anyway. We can do it together."

"No. I am more than capable of doing it myself." The steely tone in her voice had me nodding my head.

"Okay. See ya later." I slumped down on the couch, completely confused. Girls were usually easy enough to understand, but Samantha wasn't like any girl I'd met before.

Chapter Eight

Charlotte

"Ruth?" I whispered. Calvin was right outside the door, and I didn't want him to think I was crazy. "I thought you were dead."

This message is only for an Essence. If you can hear it, then it is for you.

Her voice was clear, yet it sounded old somehow-dated.

The scroll is not a scroll. Look to the swamps for the answer. Fighting darkness takes light, and light can only be wielded when an Essence lets in her other half.

"What?" I waited for more but heard nothing.

I slumped down to the hard wood floor and replayed the words in my head. The scroll wasn't a scroll, so what were we looking for? We had to find a swamp, and I had to let in my other half. That had to mean Calvin. Did she mean to literally let him in? I buried my face in my hands. What did that have to do with wielding light? It was all really weird, and I wasn't sure what to make of it.

"Thanks for the clear and precise advice," I said, even though I knew very well Ruth wasn't there to hear it.

"Charlotte?" Calvin asked from outside the room.

"I'm coming." I got up, dusting off my pants before walking into the hall.

"Did you find anything?" His eyes searched my face.

I tried my best to hide my emotions, but I knew that even more than Liam, Calvin could see through me. "Nothing physical, but she left me a message. Do you know where we'd find swamps around here?"

"Around here? No. The only swamps I know of are on the other side of the mountains."

"We need to go there to find the scroll." At least that part of the message had been clear.

"Are you sure?"

I nodded. "Yes."

"That is what we will do then. But I just spoke with Liam and Henry. Do you think you can hold that fog overnight?"

"Yes. Absolutely." I'd managed to balance the fog while listening to the weird version of Ruth. My confidence in my abilities was at an all-time high. I had almost forgotten I was still holding it, and I couldn't wait to tell my mom.

He took my hand. "Good."

"Are we staying here tonight then?"

"There is an inn on the other side of this street. We can take a few rooms."

"Oh, good. I wouldn't feel right about staying in someone's house, considering everything." My words didn't match my thoughts. Ruth's message about opening myself up to my Gerard ran through my mind, and I could feel blood rushing to my face. I'd been thinking about sleeping with Calvin more than I should have been, considering the danger we were in, and I had finally made up my mind. What was the point of waiting when I wanted to be with him? We were already married in the eyes of Energo, and if finally sleeping together could potentially help us find the scroll, then holding back was definitely a mistake.

"Are you okay, Charlotte?"

I smiled. "Yes."

"Good." He led me to the stairs.

***

"There are three rooms, so whoever comes off watch will take the room of the man relieving him." Liam tossed his stuff down in the hall on the second floor of the inn.

The two-story building had only three guest rooms. The majority of the first floor was taken up with a large bar. Back home, we probably would have called it a tavern.

"That will not be necessary. You and Henry will each have your own." Calvin took both of our packs into the room farthest from the others.

Liam glanced at Calvin. "What? You don't think Charlotte is safe in her own room?"

Calvin looked slightly uncomfortable. "That is not it at all. We will be spending our nights together from now on."

"Is that okay with you, Char? You don't have to, you know. I don't care what united BS he throws at you, you don't owe him anything." Liam's eyes implored me to walk away.

"I know I don't owe him anything! I want to share a room with Calvin." I tried to hide how flustered Liam made me, but I was way past embarrassed.

"Can I talk to you, Charlotte?" Liam shifted uncomfortably.

"For a second." I headed down the stairs, knowing he would follow.

"Don't do something stupid. Just because we're in Energo doesn't mean you have to follow their rules. Be yourself."

"I'm not doing anything to follow rules. I want to share a room with Calvin." I refused to look at Liam's face. I didn't want to see his expression. Instead, I walked back up the stairs. I could feel Liam right behind me. I stopped at Calvin's side and put my hand in his.

"So... I'm going to take first watch." Henry started to walk down the stairs.

"No. I'm taking it." Liam looked at me in a way that got me right in the heart. His expression was equal parts hurt and anger. Neither felt good.

I struggled to swallow before walking into the room Calvin had selected for us. I took a few steps into the dark room, the only light coming from the lantern Calvin held, and a tiny bit of moonlight slipping in between the curtains.

"Ah, goodnight," Henry said to our backs.

Calvin shut the door behind us. "I can speak with him if you would like. He should not talk so freely with you."

"No. It's okay." The thought of Calvin confronting Liam scared me. It was bad enough we were all traveling together.

Calvin placed the candle on a small nightstand beside the double bed. It was going to be a snug fit considering Calvin's size, but I didn't mind. I wanted to be close to him.

He pulled me into his arms. "I have waited so long for this."

"Me too." I had, although I'd been a nervous wreck about it. We'd spent nights next to each other together, but definitely not with the intent of doing what I knew was about to happen. I knew unequivocally that my virgin status was about to come to an end. I had no doubts, and it wasn't because of the message from Ruth. Calvin and I had been denying the urge, but the natural pull was too strong to ignore any longer.

He put a hand under my chin and lifted my face. "I love you, Charlotte."

I let out a deep breath. "I love you." Even though I knew I wanted to be with him, I couldn't avoid the nerves.

He pulled off his shirt, tossing it onto a chair next to the bed. I reached out to touch his muscular chest. I was still amazed at how strong he was. Years spent working on his father's farm followed by over a year of Guardian training had made his physique flawless.

He slipped a hand under the bottom of my shirt. "I always imagined you would be in a dress."

"Does it really matter?"

"No. I would prefer this moment to any imagining I have had, whether awake or asleep." He moved his hand to run it over my stomach, before using both hands to pull my shirt over my head.

I lifted up my arms to make it easier. His eyes widened as he dropped my shirt on top of his. He reached to remove my bra, hesitating for a second. I had a pretty good idea he'd never seen that kind of bra before-or when I really thought about it, any bra.

"Is this your first time, too?" I asked.

He nodded. "Of course. Who else... why would you ask that?"

I looked down. "I just wanted to know."

"Do not look away. I wanted to make sure you were not of the wrong impression of who I am."

"I know who you are." I wrapped my arms around his neck, pulling his lips down to mine.

He quickly responded to the kiss, groaning as he moved his hands to fiddle with my bra.

"It clasps in the back."

He found the clasp and unhooked it. I dropped my arms, letting the bra fall to the floor. I refused to get embarrassed when his eyes zeroed in on my chest.

He moved a hand to my breast while continuing to kiss me. I moaned, loving the feel of his hand on me. I'd been craving his touch since I'd met him, and I couldn't believe it was actually happening. Without breaking the kiss, he untied my pants. As I stepped out of my pants and underwear, he brushed his hand against my leg. The touch sent chills down my entire body.

He stepped back, devouring every inch of me with his eyes. "Beautiful. You are perfection."

His hands moved next to his own pants, and it was my turn to have wide eyes. Evidently, underwear wasn't the thing for men in Energo. He stepped toward me, taking my hand to lead me over to the bed.

After pulling back the sheets, he helped me in before slipping in beside me. "I promise to cherish you always."

Chapter Nine

Samantha

Charlotte owned a lot of short dresses. At first, I ignored those and concentrated on the four or five pairs of stiff blue pants that Kevin seemed to prefer, but a deep red dress caught my attention, and I had to try it on. The long sleeves seemed appropriate for the time of year. I found a pair of black leggings in her drawer that I assumed would go with the dress. I trusted that Charlotte was right that I could get away with wearing my boots. I packed a pair of the pants and a few shirts in my pack before going downstairs to meet the men.

Kevin gawked at me. "Wow. You look incredible."

"Thanks. Charlotte told me I could borrow anything of hers."

"Of course. Charlotte wouldn't mind at all," Monty was quick to reassure me.

I did not need the reassurance-especially not from him. I forced myself to stop thinking about the troubling dream I'd had.

Talen walked into the room. "Is everyone ready?" He was dressed head to toe in white. With his snow white hair, he was quite the sight.

"Way to blend in, man." Kevin really had a problem with the Arco. I wondered where the bad blood stemmed from.

Monty approached the issue more tactfully. "Talen, didn't you see the extra clothes I laid out for you?"

Talen leaned a hand on the counter. "I prefer to wear my own."

Kevin rolled his eyes.

Monty shrugged. "I'd prefer it if you changed, but we don't have time to argue. The car's in the driveway."

We walked out the side door. A bright red conveyance sat on four wheels on the rock portion of the front yard, what I assumed Monty had meant by "driveway."

Kevin turned to Monty. "Umm, when did you get a new car?"

Monty locked the door behind us. "It's bad enough someone saw us in this house. We don't need them tracing us to the airport."

"Okay." Kevin opened one of the doors of the red vehicle for me.

I tried to act as if I had a clue what I was doing, but I had never been in such a contraption. I took a seat and waited for Kevin to close me in.

"You need your seatbelt." He pointed to a strap attached to the inner wall of the car.

"Oh. I see."

He must have noticed my confusion because he took the seatbelt and reached over me to snap it into some sort of buckle. His hand lingered on my lap as he pulled the strap slightly away from my body. He was evidently trying to adjust it.

I smiled, trying to hide my embarrassment. I had a hunch I would be feeling that emotion a lot that day. "Thank you."

"Not a problem." He closed the door, opened another in the back and got in to sit in the seat behind me. I did not need to look to know he was not providing the same service to Talen.

Monty started the vehicle, and loud music blared from all sides of me. Monty quickly turned it down.

He glanced at me. "Sorry about that."

"Not a problem." I repeated the phrase Kevin used so often. I liked it.

Kevin chuckled from behind me. "Glad I'm rubbing off on you."

"I find your speech amusing." I grabbed a handle attached to the roof of the vehicle as Monty pulled out onto the road. I had seen many modern things, especially in Alak, but I had never imagined anything like the form of travel we were using.

"Is this how all your people travel?" Talen asked. It was nice that I was not the only one new to the experience.

Kevin answered, "Mostly, but we have mass transportation like buses and trains, too. And you'll find out what planes are like pretty soon."

"And boats," I added. I had seen boats on the water, and Kevin did not seem unaccustomed to them.

"Interesting." Talen stared out the window, and I did the same.

We passed many houses as large as Kevin's, but we also went through areas that were not quite as nice. My hunch that Kevin was from a high family in his world seemed correct. Not everyone lived as he did. Monty turned several times, and I lost all sense of our direction.

"I have identification for everyone," Monty said. "You need to take care to use only these names. If Kevin and I are taken in for questioning by the authorities, we will never make it back in time."

I hadn't considered such an event. "Why would you be questioned? Can you not travel freely here?"

"We can, but we're missing persons," Kevin said. "They've been expending resources searching for us, so we'd be in trouble if they found out we orchestrated it all. Plus Charlotte, Henry, and Liam are missing too. They'd want to know where to find them. They'd also want to make sure we didn't hurt them or anything."

I moved my pack to the side in order to make more room for my legs. "Oh. I suppose that makes sense. So the authorities are here for your protection as well as to keep the peace?"

Monty nodded. "In theory."

"How far is the airport?" It was strange how quickly I got used to using such foreign terms. I had only heard the word for the first time that morning.

Monty fidgeted with a dial midway between our seats. "We'll be there in just a few minutes. I timed it up so we'll have just enough time to check in, get through security, and reach our gate. Any excess time in the airport is dangerous-especially so close to home."

"Security?" Talen asked.

"You have to prove you aren't carrying weapons or anything."

"But I am carrying weapons."

I turned just in time to see Talen pull out a knife.

"You can't take that on the plane." Kevin sat forward and rested a hand on the top of my seat.

Talen shifted in his seat. He still did not wear the seatbelt. "They would try to stop me? Surely I can overpower most men of your world."

"Putting the number of men aside, we can't draw attention to ourselves. It's bad enough you look like you're ready to paint a house, or you're a member of a boy band." Monty turned the car into a lot filled with cars and lined spaces.

Kevin laughed. "A boy band? I don't know about that."

"What is a boy band?" I asked.

"Nothing you need to know about." Monty pulled into a space. "Get your game faces on."

"Let's do this." Kevin opened his door and got out. Next, he opened my door and pointed to the buckle of the strap. "Just press that red button to release the belt."

He was definitely enjoying his position of greater knowledge. I decided to let him for the moment, but he was not getting away with it for the whole trip. I grabbed my pack from the floor and climbed out of the car.

Monty placed a small flimsy card in my hand. "This is your ID. Show it to anyone who asks."

I examined the card. "Mary?" Luckily, we used the same written language. Otherwise, I would have really been at a loss.

"It's a common name here. Not like Brutus." Kevin held up his card. "Where the hell did that come from?"

Monty smiled. "I didn't pick the names."

"Who are you?" Kevin craned his neck to peek at Monty's card. "Marshall. Who's Talen?"

"Bobby." Monty got serious. "All right, that's enough name talk. Get yours memorized, and let's go."

We crossed the paved lot and entered the building. Monty walked up to some sort of electronic box that shot out slips of paper.

He handed me one with the same name from the card. "This is your ticket."

Monty led the way to what looked to be an endless line. For the first time, I really looked at the clothes people were wearing. Charlotte was right; my clothes would have stood out. Talen was getting a lot of attention-but not as much as Kevin. Two girls were openly ogling him. Really? In public?

I inched closer to Kevin.

He leaned down. "You doing all right, Mary?" His eyes twinkled.

"Yes, Brutus."

"Oh, man! I love it. I sound like a villain from an eighties video game."

"Video game?"

"I'll show you sometime."

"Okay."

Eventually, we reached a high desk, and as Monty predicted, I was asked to show my ID.

The man at the desk smiled at me when he handed back the card. "Enjoy your trip, ma'am."

"Thank you."

Kevin placed his bag on a moving belt. He stepped through a small arch. I went next, and we each grabbed our packs from the other end of the belt. Monty joined us as we waited for Talen.

A man in uniform pointed at Talen. "Sir, please step over here."

Talen stopped short. "Excuse me?"

"Sir, you've been selected for a more thorough search."

"A more thorough search?"

"Yes. If you'd just raise your arms above your head."

"Are you out of your wits? Why would I do that?"

Monty walked over to intervene. "Just do it, Bobby."

Talen turned purple. "Not a chance. Why am I the only one who needs to?"

"Sir, I assure you it was a random selection."

"Random?" Talen glared at the uniformed man. "Not likely."

"Sir, would you please step to the side? You're holding up the other passengers."

"As I should. No one should be subjected to such treatment."

The man pulled a small device from of his pocket, and I got a bad feeling. Someone needed to intervene.

I took Talen's arm and smiled at him. "Please, just do as the man asked." Growing up with many men around, I'd learned the art of calming them.

His expression softened. "Fine." He stepped to the side with the uniformed man.

Thoroughly searched, Talen was waved forward, and we walked to our gate.

I adjusted my pack. "We have multiple flights today. Will we have to do that every time?"

Kevin patted my arm. "Nope. That's it for the day. You survived that part."

"It is Talen I worry about."

He was walking a little ways in front of us with Monty. From his gesturing, he was still upset about the incident. I did not blame him. I would have been outraged by the treatment.

Kevin nodded. "Yeah, he's like a loose cannon."

"He is part beast."

"He should have been the one named Brutus."

"You really have an aversion to that name."

He shrugged. "Kind of."

"Only kind of? So you would not mind if I called you that from now on?"

"Do you really want to tell people your boyfriend is named Brutus? Hey, it would probably keep other guys away."

"Boyfriend?" I said the word slowly. I assumed it was akin to the girlfriend term Rachel had used.

"Oh, I was just joking."

"Were you?" I pressed. I wanted to discover if his feelings ran further than the mere physical.

"Only halfway. I wouldn't mind the position."

"If I understand what it is, I would not mind if you had it."

He grinned. "I'm going to assume you do understand, and I'm taking it. I kind of feel like I'm back in middle school with this conversation, but no complaints."

"Middle school?"

"It's where you go when you are around twelve."

"Oh, so I sound juvenile?"

"No. No. It's a joke. Forget it."

"You really need to get better at expressing your humor, Kevin."

"I'll try."

I decided to let him off the hook. "All right, tell me everything I need to know about this flight."

He smiled. "You're going to find out in a few minutes anyway."

Chapter Ten

Liam

I stared straight ahead. It wasn't as if there was anything better to look at. I sure as hell wasn't turning around to look at that damn inn. I never liked Charlotte being with Calvin, but knowing what he was most likely doing with her made me want to punch something-or someone. He was the same age as I was, but he seemed so much older. Maybe it was because he was from Energo. Apparently, adolescence didn't exist there.

I couldn't stand around any longer. I was sick and tired of sitting back and letting things happen. So what if he was her Gerard? I'd known her so much longer, and I understood her so much better. I was the one she was supposed to be sleeping with. I'd thought about it enough. I kicked a rock into the desolate street. I played it down, but the ghost town was giving me the creeps, which only added to my bad mood.

Henry came out. "It is not the rock's fault." He had to be there to relieve me. Had three hours really passed?

"Are you suggesting I kick Calvin instead?"

Henry laughed. "No. I would not suggest that at all."

"I hate this."

"I know you do, but you cannot change things." Henry put a hand on my shoulder. "He is her Gerard. It is surprising they waited this long."

"Great."

"You can go back in."

"Not a chance. You can sleep. I'm not going in there." I knew I sounded like a whiny kid, but I didn't trust myself not to do something stupid.

"They are sleeping. It is not like you are going to hear anything."

I spun on him. "Damn it, Henry."

He held up his hands. "What? I am just telling you the truth."

"You're just saying you heard them. I preferred pretending she said no."

"What good would that do you? Pretending does not change the fact that she is completely off-limits. Get through this, and you can go home and find someone available."

"Yeah, because there are a million girls as amazing as Charlotte out there." Maybe at one time I would have considered it, but my feelings for Charlotte were only getting stronger. I wanted her so bad it hurt sometimes.

Henry dug his foot into the gravel road. "Maybe it is healthy that you are finally admitting it. James would pay to hear this."

"For once, I wish he were around. He'd support me on this."

"He would support you on what? Keeping the Essence away from her Gerard? Not a chance. It is like defying destiny. They belong together whether you like it or not."

"So I'm supposed to spend the rest of my life-my ridiculously long life-watching the girl I love be with someone else?"

"Love? Wow, Liam. That is a big word."

"It's true. I've been in love with her since we were kids." I found a new rock to kick. Once I started being honest, I couldn't stop.

"Does she know? Did you ever tell her?"

"What does it matter? Wouldn't it defy fate?"

"It would. I just wondered. I think she is in love with you, too, but it is not enough. You are not her Gerard. It is a feat in itself that you are on her Guard at all."

"A feat?"

"A non-Energo man a Guardian? Unbelievable."

I gave up on the rock. "She kissed me. Before she left for Alaska, she kissed me. I'm almost positive that's what started it all."

"I take it you have thought of that kiss often?"

"Way too much." I'd stared at her stupidly afterward. By the time I could come up with the courage to talk to her about it, she'd already left.

"You sound like one of those men from Rachel's books."

"I didn't realize you read romance books, Henry."

He punched my arm. "I do not read them. She just talks about them. At least I am not losing my head over a girl."

"No, you're just missing one."

"True. Very true." He patted my back again. "Get some sleep, Liam."

"I can't."

"You have to. You need your strength. Your job is to protect Charlotte, and you cannot do that job if you do not rest."

His logic made some sense. If I couldn't be with her, I was still going to protect her. I wasn't sure what part of me, the Guardian or the personal, realized that. "All right, thanks."

"Anytime. See you in the morning."

I nodded and headed back inside the house. There was no way I was going to actually sleep, but standing outside wasn't helping either. I was so busy moping that I ran right into Charlotte on the stairs. "Char? What are you doing up?" She was walking around alone at night? Wasn't Calvin supposed to be watching her?

"I... uh... need the bathroom, and there isn't one."

"Oh. Do you want me to walk with you somewhere?"

She made a disgusted face. "Umm, no."

"I'm not going to watch you, but you can't walk around alone."

She rested a hand on the worn wooden railing. "I don't get why they live like this. They have the technology for modern plumbing here."

I forced myself to smile as I turned around to head back downstairs. "Maybe that can be your first act as ruler when we get rid of Blake. Modern plumbing in all residences."

She laughed that light, carefree laugh she hardly ever used anymore. "That's the best idea I've heard in ages."

Really? Better than Calvin's idea to spend the night together? I kept my mouth shut. I held open the door for her, and we walked back outside.

"Charlotte? What are you doing out here?" Henry asked.

"She needs to use the bathroom." I wasn't going to make her say it again.

"Why did you not just use a chamber pot? There has to be one in your room."

"Not a chance. I'd rather go in the woods."

Henry picked up his lantern and walked over to us. "Does Calvin know you left your room?"

I glared at Henry. "She doesn't have to alert Calvin of her every move."

"She cannot be unprotected. Put your personal feelings aside." Henry handed her the lantern.

"Does she look unprotected to you?"

"I knew one of you guys would be out here. I'm going to go. Listen for my screams." She walked toward the woods, the lantern letting us know where she stopped.

Henry groaned. "Not funny, not funny at all."

"Yes it is," she yelled over her shoulder. At least she had her sense of humor. That was usually a good gauge of how she was doing.

Calvin ran out of the inn, buttoning his pants in the process. "Charlotte? Charlotte?" He hadn't bothered with a shirt. Yeah, no more pretending.

I didn't bother to look at him. I couldn't look at him. "She's peeing in the woods."

"Why not just use a chamber pot? Or at least tell me?" Calvin asked.

"Because she's Charlotte. Charlotte would always prefer the woods to something like that. Don't you know her at all?" I stormed back toward the building. I was positive Calvin would make sure she made it back to their room.

Henry laughed. "Glad to know you are up on Charlotte's bathroom habits."

Even from the entryway, I heard Charlotte's response. "What? What does Liam know about my bathroom habits?"

I smiled. At least she was still the same Charlotte.

***

Traveling to the swamps didn't sound particularly appealing, but at least it meant Charlotte and Calvin wouldn't get any more alone time for a while. There wasn't a chance that Charlotte was letting Calvin touch her with Henry and me sleeping close by.

"Are you ready?" Calvin asked, helping Charlotte into the saddle of their horse.

She turned to smile at him, and it was a different smile from the one she usually gave him. It was intimate, and I hated it.

"Liam? Are you going to get on your horse?" Henry asked.

I had to shake my mood. Charlotte was going to notice, and my jealousy would only make things worse.

Calvin mounted the horse to sit behind Charlotte. "We will cut straight across the plains until we reach the Sutuni desert. We need to be prepared for a difficult crossing."

"Why? At least this time Charlotte will be able to make us water." Henry laughed, referring to when we'd entered Energo just weeks before.

Charlotte turned red. Her emotions were always so clear on her face. "Shut up, Henry."

He grinned. "I wonder if this is what it is like to have a sister. I thought brothers were bad."

"Brothers are bad." She laughed. "Although, I kind of wish Kevin was here now."

"Why? Would you feel safer?" Calvin asked.

Seriously? That's what he asks? What about the fact that she misses her brother, the closest person to her in the world-or any world.

"I just miss him."

"I'm going to tell him you said that," I teased.

"Go ahead. He probably won't believe you." She ran her fingers through her hair. She struggled with it for a moment before giving up and tying it up in a ponytail.

I laughed. "Or he'll think you lost your mind."

Finally satisfied with her hair, she let her hands fall to her sides. "Doesn't he already think that?"

Henry grinned. "We all do."

"Aren't you going to defend me, Calvin?" Charlotte gripped the reins. She looked pretty natural.

He pulled her back against him. "Not when I know you can defend yourself."

When I put my revulsion at watching his hands roam all over her aside, I could admit that was a good answer. Charlotte didn't say anything, but she smiled. She hated when people thought she couldn't take care of herself. That probably came from being in a family of protective men. Between her father, Kevin, and Monty, she had plenty. As the Essence, she also had an entire Guard of protective guys in her life. I didn't envy her. It would have driven me crazy.

Charlotte started their horse forward at a slow gait.

Calvin said, "All kidding aside, Charlotte cannot be expected to make us water."

"Why not?" she asked.

"Because there is nowhere to pull energy from. You need all of your own energy saved. Besides, you know as well as I do the danger you are in from Blake."

"Hey, I can-"

"Let me finish, love." He stroked her arm.

"Fine."

"We will need your energy if we meet trouble. We need you to save it in case of an emergency. We have to find this scroll."

"I know, but I can still make water if we need it."

"I am aware you are capable, but we cannot rely on it. We have to prepare."

"He's right." I hated saying that.

"Prepare? Like refill our water skins?" she asked.

"And mentally get ready for it. A lot of it is mental. That desert is huge, and we do not know exactly where we are going," Henry added.

Charlotte got her in-the-zone expression. "All right, I can do that."

"Of course you can. It is your Guardians I worry about." Calvin rubbed her shoulder.

Did he have to touch her constantly? Wasn't it bad enough they were sharing a horse? I was about to come up with a reply when his laugh let me know he was joking.

"Good one, Calvin." At least I could play nice.

Chapter Eleven

Kevin

Why did Samantha bring out the blubbering idiot in me? I couldn't seem to go ten minutes without putting my foot in my mouth. Had I really called myself her boyfriend and then tried to cover it up with a joke? I leaned back in my seat. Our plane would be landing in Fairbanks in less than an hour. The last time I'd been there, I'd been worrying about Charlotte's transition back to Charleston. Life had been so much simpler then.

Samantha mumbled something before laying her head on my shoulder. I tried not to breathe any more than necessary. She may have been sleeping, but I wasn't going to waste the opportunity to have her close. Add to blubbering idiot that she brought out the hopelessly pathetic part of me too. I'd cared about a girl before, but not like with Samantha.

I closed my eyes, trying to savor the seemingly normal moment before I faced reality again. I still had no clue how to find the Onyx or how it was going to help us. I also had no idea what I was going to say to my father when I saw him.

"Hey, Brutus. It's time to go."

I opened my eyes to find Monty smiling at me-or maybe at the way I'd fallen asleep with Samantha leaning on me. I gently shifted Samantha to wake her up. She looked at me groggily, seeming confused for a moment, then she pulled her bag out from under the seat in front of her.

Talen was already a few people ahead of us in the line to get off the plane. Monty left room so Samantha and I could get into the aisle, and we waited for our turn to exit the plane. The airport was quiet. Monty said Dad was picking us up outside baggage claim. No one had checked bags, so we headed straight to the exit. I held open the door for Samantha and could tell she was really nervous. Determined to learn from my experiences, I didn't ask her why.

"Kevin!" Dad called from across the median.

We crossed over to where he stood next to his Yukon. "Hey, Dad." I gave him a small hug. "This is Samantha and Talen."

Dad nodded at them. "Nice to meet you both."

We cut the greetings short when we noticed an employee coming over to make us move.

I gestured for Samantha to take the front but she shook her head and slipped into the back between Monty and Talen. I shrugged and sat in the front seat.

"How was the trip?" Dad asked as though we had just been on a normal vacation or something.

I figured it would be a long trip, so I decided to get comfortable. I pulled my wallet and cell phone out of my back pocket and placed them in the center console. "Well, no one tried to kill us or anything."

Dad shook his head. "Glad to know you haven't changed too much."

"Nope. I still have my wonderful sense of humor."

"How's Mom?" he asked.

"She's okay. Worried, of course."

He pulled away from the curb. "Is Charlotte with her?"

"No. Charlotte's off gallivanting with older boys."

Dad turned to stare at me with his mouth hanging open.

"Watch out, Stan!" Monty yelled.

Dad faced the front just in time to narrowly avoid slamming into another car.

Monty kicked my seat. "Charlotte is perfectly safe. She has her Gerard and two other Guardians with her."

"I know you all glorify Guardians, but how am I supposed to trust my little girl with men I've never met?"

"You've met Liam." I waited for the jaw-dropping response I knew was coming. I was pretty sure no one had told him yet.

"Liam? Liam is a Guardian?"

"Yes," Monty answered carefully. "We're not sure how."

"Too bad he's not the Gerard," Dad mumbled.

I smiled. I was pretty sure we all wished that. Calvin wasn't a bad guy, but we didn't know him. He seemed so traditional, so old. If Charlotte had to be with someone, I wanted it to be Liam. I'd have never told him that, though.

"Where are we at with the Onyx, Stan?" Monty asked.

"I think I've finally traced the Onyx's last known location. It's a long drive from here, and then an even longer hike."

"Hike? Where the hell are we going?" I asked.

"Everything I've found points to the Onyx being buried in Lake Davis. It's frozen year round."

"So we're going to retrieve some sort of powerful rock out of a frozen lake?"

"Yes." Monty said it resolutely, as if it were a simple errand rather than a potentially deadly task.

"Too bad the Essence is not here. She would be good at this," Talen said.

As if Charlotte didn't have enough on her plate. "Charlotte is busy with her own job."

"Do you think they have found the scroll yet?" Samantha asked.

Monty pulled out a worn map. "I don't know."

"What's that a map of?" I twisted around in my seat so I could get a better look at the browning paper. It was actually several maps in one, made up of different pieces of land all connected by dots.

Monty tilted the map to give me a better look. "It shows all the known gates between the Pact Nations and the lost world. Once we retrieve the Onyx, we'll have to return quickly."

"I still don't know what we're supposed to do with the Onyx anyway." Like everything else, I was only told the bare minimum.

"I don't know." Monty's face was blank. He couldn't be serious.

I turned to Dad. "Do you know?"

"No."

"Then why are we bothering with this?"

He didn't take his eyes from the road. "Because all signs point to it."

"So we hopefully don't die finding it, then we bring it back and... what?"

"That is why we need the scroll, Kevin. The scroll will tell us." Samantha had a way of making everything seem simple even when it wasn't.

"What happens if Charlotte can't get the scroll? We think it's at Ruth's, but what if Blake got it first?" I fiddled with the radio. There had to be something better than the commercials currently playing.

"The same can be said for the Onyx. All we can do is try." Monty didn't make things sound nearly as simple.

"So what do we do? Just head out into the wilderness?"

"First, we need to get everyone some gear." Dad sped up to a pass a slow car.

"Careful, Stan," Monty said. "We don't want to attract attention."

Dad replied, "Driving under the speed limit would attract more attention."

I glanced out the window. "Where are we getting the gear?"

"There's a shop I use." Dad slowed back down to five over the speed limit. "The owner thinks I'm bringing in some new team members for my research."

"Will they have clothing appropriate for me?" Samantha asked.

Dad smiled into the rearview mirror. "Of course. Women are routinely part of these projects."

"Oh. That is nice to hear. Only the Resistance allows women to work in nontraditional sectors. Some nations are more open, but we are ages behind."

"Emma was surprised by how things worked here when she first came over." My dad had never talked about how he really met Mom. The story they always fed us was that they ran into each other on the street. The real story was that she ran into his backyard.

"Did you tell them I was your son? They're not going to buy that we're unrelated." Charlotte looked a lot like our mom, but I was all Dad.

"No. If he figures it out, so be it."

"He might think you're a weirdo for naming me Brutus."

"Brutus?"

"Yeah, that's the great name on the fake Monty got me. So much better than Kevin, right?"

Dad laughed. "You can drop the name when we get back on the road. I don't think any of the caribou are going to recognize your real name."

The stop for gear took longer than expected. I was more than happy to grab whatever worked, but of course the shopping was much more involved than that. Not only did we need clothes, but also a back-up GPS, sleeping bags, tents, and other accessories. Hours later, Dad settled the bill, and we got back on the road heading north.

Monty took the front seat, which left me in the back with Samantha and Talen. At least Samantha was in the middle. I realized once we got going that I should have offered to take the least comfortable seat, but she didn't seem to mind.

We rode in silence until Talen said, "It looks like a storm is coming."

Dad glanced in the rear view mirror. "It wasn't supposed to start yet, but you may be right."

"I am."

Dad chuckled. "Confident, huh?"

"I am an Arco. I know snowstorms."

"An Arco? How did I not make that connection?" Dad sounded way more excited than I would have expected.

"Do you know of my kind?"

"Yes. I've met several."

Talen sat forward in his seat with his eyes wide. "Here? There are Arcos here?"

"They fled Blake. They helped me find the approximate location of the Onyx."

"Can you lead me to them? I had no idea any of my people were living in the lost world."

"I think there are many, but most are afraid to come out of hiding."

Talen sat back. "They are probably ashamed of what we did."

"You did not have a choice," Monty said quietly.

"You always have a choice." Talen bowed his head. "You might not want me in your vehicle, but I was one of the Arcos guarding Emma."

"I assumed that," Dad said slowly, "but if you're here you must have earned Charlotte's trust."

Talen smiled slightly. "Yes. The Essence can read a person's true intentions."

Dad caught my eye in the rearview mirror. "Doesn't that explain a lot, Kevin?"

"Hmm? Explain what?"

"Even before we knew she was the Essence, Charlotte was always good at reading people."

Hearing dad talk so much was weird. I was used to him being quiet all the time. "I guess. I never really thought about it."

"Here comes the snow." Samantha leaned over me to point out the window. Large flakes fell from the sky.

"How bad is it going to get, Talen?" Evidently, Dad was ready to trust Talen on the storm thing.

"Bad. We will need to stop."

Dad and Monty exchanged glances. "Let's try to get a little further. There's a town about thirty miles from here where we may be able to stop."

"We will see if we make it that far." Talen looked out the window, and I had a feeling he was tuning out the rest of us. I wondered if his animal side helped him sense trouble. If so, I was freaked out. The tension rolling off him was palpable.

The heavy flakes became a steady stream until it was impossible even to see out the window. There was something foreboding about it. With everything else we were dealing with, we also had to fight a storm.

"I don't know how much farther I can drive in this." Dad hunched over the wheel, trying to see through the small clear spot left by the windshield wipers. His Yukon had four-wheel drive and chains on the tires, but the roads were in rough shape.

Monty pressed his face against the glass of the window. "We need to find some sort of shelter."

I put an arm on the back of the seat behind Samantha. "Now this is when I really wish Charlotte was here."

Talen laughed. "No kidding. Your sister has some serious power when it comes to controlling the weather."

"I still can't quite imagine it. Charlotte controlling weather?" Dad gripped the wheel so tightly that his knuckles turned white.

"Believe it. She's really something else." Monty spoke of Charlotte with such admiration. She'd really stepped up to the challenge, and I thought we were all a little surprised by how far she'd come.

Talen tapped on his window. "Stop. I see something."

Dad stepped on the brakes, causing the car to swerve. I instinctively reached for Samantha, pulling her against me. With only a lap belt, she was most at risk. For the second time, I regretted not offering to take that seat. Thankfully, Dad was able to bring the car to a stop safely. I still couldn't see anything. The air was all just a whirl of white.

"Let's make a run for it." Dad pushed open his door without waiting for the rest of us to agree.

Talen popped open his door, letting in a heavy dose of snow and wind. I still hadn't let go of Samantha, and I pretty much pulled her out my door. She didn't fight me, or if she tried, I didn't notice. We pushed our way through the snow to a building I could barely discern from its glowing light. The snow and wind stung my face, and I did my best to block Samantha from the brunt of it as she leaned into my side.

I heard the jangle of a door opening and hoped we were almost there. Finally, we stumbled through a doorway. A wave of warm air hit us as we walked in. It took me a second to react. My eyes were practically frozen shut.

"Dear Lord, how did you even find this place?" A middle-aged man stood up from his stool behind a desk. By the keys hanging behind him, I deduced we'd somehow managed to find a motel.

"Do you have any rooms available?" Dad brushed a coating of snow off his shirt. The flakes joined the rest of the snow that was currently creating a puddle of water on the floor.

"Yes. I have three rooms available. Two adjoining on the ground floor and one on the second."

Dad pulled out his wallet. "We'll take them all. What do we owe you?"

"Nothing tonight. I'd give you a room even if you had no money." The man looked at Samantha when he said it. It wasn't in a skeevy way, more like he was actually concerned.

"Thank you," I said quickly. We'd seriously lucked out. We easily could have ended up stranded on the side of the road somewhere. Even the best gear is hard to set up in a storm like that.

"How should we do the rooms?" Monty asked. "Kevin and Talen together?"

"I want Kevin to stay with me." Samantha kept her eyes on the floor as she spoke.

I thought my heart would stop. "Really?" Had she just asked me to share a motel room with her? Maybe things weren't all that bad.

"Kevin, can I have a word?" Monty gestured for me to join him off to the side.

I swallowed my annoyance and followed, not willing to make a scene. I also ignored the smirk Talen was shooting me. "What?"

Monty looked me square in the eye. "Don't do something stupid. She's from Energo. She's innocent. If you sleep with her, you unite with her, which is more serious than marriage. You got it?"

"She just wants me around so she's not alone." I hoped it was more than that, but I wasn't going to admit it.

"Just remember that, Kevin. I'll make sure of it myself."

I nodded, positive I didn't want to know how he planned to force me to unite with someone. "Got it." First Mom, then Monty. What kind of jerk did they all think I was?

We walked back over to where everyone else waited at the desk.

Samantha was already holding a key. "We're upstairs. The owner says it's nicer."

The man smiled. "It's got the best bathroom."

I nodded and asked her, "You ready to go back out there?"

"I'm ready to get it over with."

Chapter Twelve

Charlotte

Icentris sounded pretty good at the moment. The thought of ice-or anything cold-taunted me as I wiped sweat off my forehead. I had known the desert would be hot, but after a full day of traveling, I'd just about had it.

"Are you feeling ill?" Calvin asked.

As nice as it was to be close to him, sharing a horse was only making me feel hotter. "I'm fine." I rolled up my sleeves.

"Are you sure?"

"Yes, don't worry."

"It is my job to worry."

I turned to look at him. "No. It's your job to protect me. Those are two different things."

He brushed his hand against my cheek. "You are so beautiful it is hard to believe you are real."

I felt blood rush to my face. He'd said nearly the same thing the night before-when I wasn't wearing clothes. "Thank you."

He moved his hand to my shoulder. "If only we weren't on a horse..."

Liam coughed loudly. "If you two are done doing what you're doing, we have things to discuss."

Calvin squeezed my shoulder as I turned to face forward. "What is it that you want to discuss?"

Liam turned away when I looked at him. "We're lost. Maybe we should discuss that."

"What makes you think we are lost?" Calvin gazed out at the barren landscape.

Liam used his shirt to wipe his face. The action gave me a brief look at his toned stomach. "Let's see. We've been traveling for at least twelve hours, yet the end still isn't in sight."

"It is a big desert." Calvin kept the horse moving at a slow trot.

"How much further do you think the mountains are?" Henry asked tentatively. I had a feeling that's the way Guardians were supposed to speak to the Gerard.

"We should be close. We cannot be far from the river."

"A river in the desert?" Liam asked.

Calvin nodded. "Yes. There is only one I know of."

"At least it's going to get cold soon." I figured focusing on the positive side was the only worthwhile thing I could do.

"Why would it get cold?" Calvin asked.

"It's a desert. Don't deserts get cold at night?" I looked at Liam again. He'd agree with me. I was never good at science stuff, but surely I was remembering that detail right.

"Not this one," Henry said.

"Oh. So it's going to stay this hot all night?"

"It will not feel quite as oppressive when the sun goes down." Calvin handed me a canteen.

I savored the last few drops in it. "I hear water." The sound was faint, but I knew I heard it.

"Are you sure?" Henry asked.

"Yes."

Calvin ran a hand down my arm. "Can you lead us there?"

"I think so."

"Without tapping into any energy," he added.

"It would be easier if-"

"Please, Charlotte. It is too dangerous." He took the empty canteen from me and stowed it in the saddle bag.

"Okay, I can do it by just concentrating, I think." I closed my eyes and focused only on finding the source of the sound. "It's that way." Without opening my eyes, I pointed. The more time I spent in Energo, the more connected I felt to the world. I could practically feel the water flowing. Confident we were heading the right way, I opened my eyes.

"Okay, let's go." Liam took the lead.

We rode for a while longer. The heat had become unbearable.

"I see it!" Calvin cried, speeding up our horse.

As soon as the water came into view, everyone's morale improved. It was an oasis, a river in an otherwise barren desert. We all dismounted and ran to the river's edge. We refilled our canteens and drank immediately. The cool liquid tasted like heaven flowing down my throat. I gulped down one whole canteen full then refilled it. I wasn't sure I'd ever get enough to drink.

Henry moved onto his third refill. "I never imagined water could taste so good."

"I agree." I fell back onto the sand. With water in me, the hot sand didn't feel quite so punishing.

"You are exhausted." Calvin wasn't asking a question as he stretched out next to me. Unlike the rest of us, he seemed fine. He was tired but no more than usual. Sometimes, he seemed superhuman, and I guessed he was. As the Essence, I had unique powers, and he had his own set of abilities designed to assist him in protecting me, as if he was my own personal superhero.

I attempted to nod. "Yes."

"I want you to stay here with Liam and Henry. I am the only one who still has strength, so I will find the source of the river. We cannot waste time or energy taking the wrong path through the mountains." He moved to his knees.

I reached out to hold his hand. "I don't want you to leave."

"I will be back before you sleep. I promise I will be right beside you." His eyes were so full of longing. He had to know there wasn't a chance I was fooling around with him near Liam and Henry, but I had awakened a side of him. He'd awakened a side in me too. I felt even closer to him. I wanted to be near him. I needed him next to me.

He glanced over at where Henry and Liam lay sprawled out on the bank of the river. "I would send one of the other two, but I think they may be almost as exhausted as you are."

I laughed. "I'll be fine."

"I know you will. I will know if you need me." He pulled my necklace out from under my shirt and touched each pendant. "I am ready for us to find peace. I am ready for you to wear that necklace proudly. I am done with this sneakiness. We belong in Bellgard."

"I agree completely." I pulled him down to kiss me without worrying about Liam watching us.

He kissed me back hungrily, deepening the kiss, but then stopped suddenly. "If we continue this way, I will never leave."

"Go. That way you can get back sooner."

He laughed. "At least I know you will miss me."

I didn't miss the glance he shot Liam. Even the fact that I had given myself to him fully didn't completely assuage his jealousy. I couldn't blame him, but I didn't know what to do.

Calvin left, leaving me with an empty feeling. I unrolled my sleeves, tired of having the fabric bunched up on my arms. I heard a splash and looked over to see that Henry and Liam had jumped into the river.

Alarmed, I sat up and yelled, "What are you doing?"

"We're cooling off and washing off the sand." Liam smiled. "Care to join us?" He pulled off his shirt, rinsed it, and tossed it onto the sand.

Henry did the same thing. I wasn't surprised when they moved onto their pants. I was glad Henry had picked up on our custom of underwear. Seeing him naked wasn't something I had any interest in.

The offer to join them was one that seemed almost too good to pass up. Hot, sandy, and sticky, I could picture how amazing the water would feel. Still, unlike the guys, I couldn't just swim in underwear.

Liam seemed to read my thoughts. "Come on, Char. You wear bikinis, don't you? Your bra isn't any worse."

Henry nudged him. "I think Calvin might have a different opinion."

"And Calvin isn't here. She's hot and wants to clean off."

The water looked so cool, and all the sand was starting to get uncomfortable. After another moment's hesitation, I gave in to the sheer need for relief. "Can you guys turn around?"

"Sure." They both turned away.

Liam was right about the bikini thing, but that felt different. A bikini was supposed to be worn in public. A white cotton bra-not so much.

"No peeking." I slipped off my boots then stripped off my shirt and pants. I brought my clothes down to the edge of the water to rinse them out.

Henry laughed. "No offense, Charlotte, but I have no desire to see you naked, or to deal with Calvin if I did."

"I'm not naked!" I quickly submerged myself in the river. The water immediately cooled me off.

Liam turned. "Not completely." His eyes zeroed in on what he could see of my chest above the water line.

"Swimming in my clothes would defeat the purpose of cleaning up."

Liam smiled. "I don't have a problem with it." He joked around a lot but not usually about my lack of clothing. He treaded water next to me. "So you never told us, what did the message from Ruth say?"

"What do you mean I never told you? I told you we had to look in the swamps."

"That's all she said?" Liam asked skeptically. "That would be a really short message."

"Some things should stay between Essences."

Henry grinned. "Yeah, I am certain that is what happened."

I rolled my eyes. "You've gotten mighty sure of yourself since I first met you, Henry Ashwell. Don't forget I have powers."

"Powers you cannot use right now."

"It would be easy to do-"

Liam swam over closer to me. "Are you threatening us?"

"Me? Would I ever threaten someone?"

Henry splashed me. "You threaten Kevin all the time."

I splashed him back before pulling the leather tie out of my hair. I leaned back to get my hair wet. "That's because he's my brother. You and I are not related."

Liam moved behind me. "Do you need help?"

"Help with what?"

"Your hair. You have a lot of sand in it." Without waiting for an answer, he took my hair in his hands and started to wash out some of the sand.

There was something so intimate about the action that it made me nervous. I jerked away slightly. "I can do it myself."

"There's no reason to." His voice was soft, almost like a whisper.

"Thanks." I couldn't deny that it felt good to have Liam so close. What was wrong with me? I turned to pull away from him "You have to stop."

As soon as the words left my mouth, his lips claimed mine. His kiss was demanding, passionate, and needy. I needed to break the contact, but I couldn't. It was almost like our first kiss-supernatural-but twisted up in it was desire that neither of us could control. The kiss got more intense, and even though my brain yelled at me, the power was too strong.

"Um, I am going to look for berries," Henry said.

I snapped back to reality. What the heck was I doing? I'd just lost my virginity to Calvin the night before, and I was making out with Liam, half naked. I felt disgusting. I pushed Liam away. "We can't do this." I swam to the bank and slipped into my wet clothes.

As Liam got out of the water, I caught a glance of his naked chest. I turned away again. "We can't be near each other. It's wrong. Horribly wrong."

"How is it wrong? We've known each other for years-loved each other for years."

At the word "love," I swung back around to face him. "Loved each other? That's not true."

"Yes, it is. And if it weren't for Calvin, we'd be together now. We both know it."

"But there is Calvin. He's my Gerard. I'm with him." I looked down.

"Why? Are you with him because you want to be, or because you think you have to be?" Liam stepped toward me. "I know what happened. His sword glowed or something. Maybe if I was there with you, mine would have glowed."

I shook my head.

He took my hand. "Just listen. Why do you think I'm on your Guard? We never talk about it, but it's because of that kiss. The Source wanted me here for you-the Source wanted us together."

"You can't believe that. And I love Calvin." I pulled my hand from his.

"Maybe, but you also love me."

"I can't do this. I can't."

"Please, Charlotte. Just consider it's a possibility. I need you to at least consider it."

I shook my head. "I'm with Calvin. He's my Gerard, and he'll always be."

Liam buried his face in his hands. "I can't watch this. I can't sit back and watch you in his arms."

"You don't have to."

He looked up. "What do you mean?"

"We need to split up, Liam. You should have gone with Kevin."

"Don't say that. I need to be with you. I'm supposed to protect you."

"Right now I need protection from you." My words were bitter and mean, but it was a message he needed to hear. What happened in the river could never happen again.

"No. No, you don't. You felt that, Char." He pointed at the river. "I know you did."

Even looking at the flowing water made me feel guilty. "It wasn't us. It was something else."

"If it was anything else, it was the Source. If that's true, it's for a reason."

I shook my head again. I could feel Calvin's presence; he was close. "Calvin will be back in a minute. You should get dressed." I forced myself to turn away. Hurting Liam made me sick to my stomach, but the guilt over what had happened between us was worse.

"Charlotte, you can't mean what you said. You don't want me to leave."

"You and Henry should go back and help the Resistance. I can stay with just Calvin."

Henry strode over to us. "Absolutely not. You need your Guardians."

Liam pulled on his damp shirt. "I'll keep my hands to myself. I promise."

I backed away from him. "It would be better if we weren't near each other."

"Stop being stupid, Charlotte!" Henry had never talked to me that way. I stepped back in shock.

Liam stepped toward him. "Watch it, Henry."

Henry scowled. "No. She is being selfish. Put your stupid hormones aside and focus on what is important. We have to find the scroll and figure out how to defeat Blake. It is our only chance of saving Energo-and James."

The mention of James hit me hard. "You're right. I need to focus on what's important."

"Good. I suggest you keep whatever happened with you guys to yourself. Setting Calvin off is not going to help us."

I nodded. I didn't want to hide anything from Calvin, but how could I possibly explain kissing Liam to him? Either I was out-of-control interested in Liam, or the Source wanted us to kiss again. Neither was something Calvin would want to hear.

Chapter Thirteen

Kevin

We pushed open the glass door and stepped into the brutal storm. I anchored Samantha to my side as we made our way up the stairs. Thankfully, our room was only a few doors down. We stumbled inside, closing the door behind us.

I flicked on the lights and took a quick look around the room and the bathroom before locking us in for the night. "So it's no Ritz Carlton, but it's better than being out in that storm."

"Ritz what?"

"Oh, I just mean it's not fancy."

"It is fine." She paused for a second, and I could tell she was deciding whether to say something else. I waited. I'd learned it was better not to push her. "Thank you for staying with me."

"Yeah, not really something you have to thank me for. Did you think I'd prefer bunking with Talen?"

She smiled. "Are you ready to sleep, or do you want to clean up first?"

"We should shower. It's probably going to be a while before we get another chance." After the words left my mouth, I realized she might think I was implying we do it together. "I mean separately."

"Of course." The hint of a smile crossed her lips. "I think I will. Is it a shower like in Alak?"

"Yes. But not as nice. Like I said, this place isn't fancy."

"I think I will try it." She opened her backpack and pulled out a pile of clothes as well as a few bottles that I assumed were shampoo and stuff.

"Have a good shower." Once the bathroom door closed, I opened the blinds and peered outside. The snow seemed to have picked up more. I stood there for a few minutes watching the swirling snow, then the light flickered. Damn, we were probably going to lose power. No lights and no heat. No lights-Samantha was in the shower.

The water shut off. "Kevin?"

"Yeah, I'm right here," I answered through the door.

"Are the lights going to go out?"

"Possibly."

"You should get your shower done then. You can come in." I grabbed some clean boxers and tentatively opened the door. She was dressed in only a towel, and I forced myself to avert my eyes even though it was the last thing I wanted to do.

"Have a nice shower." She gave me a knowing smile before slipping out past me.

I took as fast a shower as possible, half out of fear that the lights would go out and half because I wanted to get back out there with Samantha. She was fully dressed when I walked out, and I enjoyed the look of surprise on her face when she saw I was in just my boxers. Considering what she'd just made me see, she could handle me with my shirt off.

"How was the shower?"

I sat down next to her on the bed. "Nice."

"If I tell you something, do you promise not to get too upset?"

"Sure." I would have agreed to anything she asked.

"Yesterday, the reason I couldn't sleep is that I had a terrible nightmare. I had it twice and then again on the plane. I have it every time I sleep."

I pulled a leg up on the bed, positioning myself so I could face her. "A nightmare? About what? When did you start having this dream?"

"They started when we left Energo. The dreams almost feel like a flashback, like I am remembering something from my past. Only I can't be."

I scooted closer to her. Samantha had never opened up so much. The dreams had to be really disturbing.

"In the dream, I am in a clearing, and there are three men. One man-" She stopped, and a tear streamed down her face. "One man dies."

I wiped the tear off her cheek, still in shock that a dream had upset her so much. Samantha usually kept such a tough exterior. "Did you recognize him?"

"No. But I recognize the others."

"Who were they?" I tensed. Something told me I wouldn't like her answer.

"Blake was one, and the other... this is the part you might get upset about."

"Just tell me."

"Monty."

My stomach clenched. "How does the third man die? Is he killed by one of the men?"

She nodded. "Yes. But I don't know which man killed him. It all blurs out."

"It has to have been Blake. Or it's just a dream. Monty would never-"

"I know, but I think I know who the dead man might be."

"Who?" I asked.

"Emma's Gerard. He is killed with a Guardian sword."

I got up and paced the room for a second. I wanted to believe it was just a dream, but nothing with Energo was ever like that. Nothing could be written off. "Blake killed her Gerard, but why was Monty there?"

"I do not know."

I sat back down. "I'm sorry you've had this dream."

"Me too. I want to trust him."

I swept some wet hair away from her face. She looked so vulnerable in that moment-wet hair all messy around her face, tears on her cheeks. I just wanted to make everything better.

She brushed her fingers against mine. "That is one of the reasons I wanted you to stay with me."

I edged closer. "I'm glad I'm here. I'd be worried about you otherwise."

She crossed her arms over her chest, pulling the thin T-shirt tight, and I discovered she wasn't wearing a bra. "Just because I am a woman doesn't mean I cannot take care of myself."

I forced my eyes back up to her face. "I know you can take care of yourself."

"I know you know it. It is one of the reasons I like you so much."

I leaned in closer. "Like me, huh?"

"Yes."

I couldn't wait any longer. I kissed her. Her cool lips responded immediately, and her mouth welcomed me. I wanted things to get back to exactly where they had been the day before when we were interrupted. She wrapped her arms around my neck and pressed her body against my naked chest. I put my arms around her to get closer and to warm her. She released my neck with one hand and tentatively touched my chest.

I groaned. Giving in to my need to touch her, I slipped a hand under her shirt, running it first over her stomach before moving up just below her br**sts. She broke the kiss and let out a surprised sound.

"Do you want me to stop?"

She shook her head. "No."

I cupped one of her br**sts, loving the moan my action caused. She kissed me, her touches no longer tentative. I lost track of everything else-the storm, the fact that we were in a road-side motel-and just lived in the moment. Her body was as amazing as I knew it would be, and I wanted to explore every inch of it. I needed her in a way I'd never needed a girl-raw, and desperate, and real.

Then the lights went out.

Samantha jumped. "Did we lose all sources of power?"

"Yes." I tried to dial down the disappointment. Another perfect moment ruined-or was it?

I found her lips again, and she responded. If anything, the darkness made it better.

Our kisses grew more frenzied, and I moved both hands under her shirt. She lifted her arms up, making it easy for me to remove it. I gently moved her down onto the bed, hovering over her. I wasn't thinking; I was just doing. I'd wanted Samantha for so long.

I stroked her stomach, forcing myself to keep my hands away from the drawstrings on her pants. If anything like that happened, it was going to be when she wanted it. I felt her finger slip underneath the elastic of my boxers. Her hand started moving down, and I pulled her closer. I waited for the contact I knew was coming.

I heard several loud noises from outside. "What the hell?" I sat up. "What was that?"

Another round of loud banging had me searching in the darkness for my clothes. I found my pants, but I'd never unpacked another shirt, and the old one was still in the bathroom. I located Samantha's shirt and tossed it to her.

"What is going on?" The alarm in her voice matched the way I felt.

"I don't know. If I could see anything at all, I'd say we need to find everyone else, but we could be running into anything."

Samantha took my hand. "We cannot just stay here. What if they are in trouble?"

"I know. I wish I had brought in some of our new gear. We have flashlights. Wait." I felt around for my cellphone on the nightstand. I hit the power button, but nothing happened. I could have sworn it still had some battery left. I heard a howl followed by a deafening scream. A second later, the window was lit with a bright light. It was eerie, and it definitely wasn't something from our world.

I pulled her to the door. "Let's go."

"Wait. Our stuff." She yanked me back to grab our packs before I fumbled with the lock and opened the door.

Outside, the storm was still going strong. Linking arms, we fought the wind and snow to make our way down the stairs. We slipped several times as we clumsily tried to find the slick concrete slabs. We didn't talk-although I wouldn't have known if Samantha had been trying to speak to me over the howling wind.

The other rooms were located just below ours, so we didn't have to walk far once we got downstairs. I knew immediately that something was wrong. Even in the dim moonlight, I could see that the doors to both rooms were off the hinges.

The overhang blocked some of the storm, and I gestured for Samantha to stand to the side while I walked into the first room. Of course, she didn't listen. I felt her on my heels but decided it wasn't worth arguing with her. Besides, she might have been in just as much danger outside. The room was completely empty-every part of it upturned. The bed was pushed against the wall, the sheets torn off and balled up on the floor. Every drawer had been pulled out of the nightstand.

The next room was the same. I kept waiting for other doors to open-someone had to have heard the noise-but nothing. The owner had said they only had three rooms available. That meant the place should have been full. We made our way to the office. It was empty, too. The scene was beginning to feel like a horror movie, and as much fun as those were to watch, they sure as hell weren't something I'd ever wanted to experience firsthand.

Another howl and a scream assaulted my ears as the bright light filled the night sky again. The slightly green tint was different.

I looked over at Samantha. "We should get changed."

"Are you now glad I grabbed our packs?"

Another piercing scream caused me to run outside without thinking. I stopped midway through the parking lot and reached behind me, knowing Samantha wouldn't have waited in the office. The snow stung my bare skin, but I didn't care. We had to find them. Part of me kept expecting to run smack into Dad or Monty, but I also feared that we'd run into a dead body.

Samantha tugged on my arm. I forced my head up into the wind, and my chest tightened. Despite the storm, the splash of crimson in the white snow piling up on the road was impossible to miss. Blood.

Samantha leaned in to speak into my ear. "This does not mean anything."

I nodded. Samantha led me back in the direction of the motel, where I noticed another splash of red in the parking lot. We moved toward it, and I spotted an object sticking out of the puddle of blood. I bent down to see what it was.

"Car keys." I picked them up, doing my best to ignore the fact that they were covered with someone's blood. "My dad left the keys for us."

We walked back to the snow-covered parking lot. We'd never changed, so I was still shirtless. I was too overwhelmed by the situation to reach into my pack for more clothes. Most of the vehicles were trucks, so it didn't take long to find Dad's Yukon. I clicked the Unlock button on the key fob before using my hand to dig out the driver-side door.

"We have a vehicle. We can do this." Samantha's confident words were more necessary than ever.

I opened the door for Samantha. She climbed over the console to get to the passenger seat, and I got in to sit behind the wheel.

When I closed the door, she said, "You cannot drive in this weather, so let us take some time to plan."

"What's there to plan? We're screwed."

"Not necessarily. Don't you know how to use the equipment?" She gestured to the back of the SUV where we'd stowed the gear.

"The gear! You're right. We never brought in any gear, so we have it all."

"All we have to do is find the Onyx and the gate home."

"All we have to do? I wouldn't make it sound that easy, but theoretically, it's possible."

Samantha slapped me.

I brought a hand up to my cheek. "What the hell?"

"Snap out of this. Man up. Whatever it is you call it. Where is the confident man you usually are?"

"I'm sorry, but this is pretty crazy stuff to snap out of. You do realize who might be behind all of this?"

"I never should have told you about my dream."

I turned to look at her. "You needed to. I still can't believe Uncle Monty had anything to do with it, but-"

"How else did they find us?" She touched my arm gently. I could have sworn she had multiple personalities sometimes. A second ago, she'd slapped me. "We were so careful."

I didn't say anything. I couldn't. If Monty wasn't the man I thought he was, if he wasn't good, then how could I believe anything? How could I trust anything or anyone again? I thought of how much trust we'd placed in him over the years-and then the worst thought came to me. Charlotte! What if he'd put her in danger, too? I hoped like hell that Calvin could protect her as well as he thought he could.

"He was not the one to suggest the Onyx. It was Tomas, your mother, and Charlotte thought it sounded right, too."

"Charlotte also trusted Monty."

"And he might be good. Besides, I think the Essence's judgment could be off when it comes to family. That is why your mother would not have known."

"I can understand that. Could Charlotte ever believe I was bad?"

She pretended to mull it over, but then she smiled. "No."

I looked out through the small cleared space in the snow I'd made on the window. "I think it's finally slowing down out there."

"You need to rest."

"Rest? Now?"

"We both do, but I can sleep as we drive. Close your eyes, and I will look through the gear as best I can."

"We don't have time. Plus, do you really think you can figure out a GPS?"

"Fine, but you will have to stop eventually." She crossed her arms. "And what is a GPS?"

"My point exactly." I climbed into the back and pulled out a duffel bag of stuff Dad already had before we went shopping. I returned to the front and rifled through the bag. "Here." The GPS was a far cry from the one I used in my car back home, but as long as Dad had already programmed in the coordinates, we'd be fine.

"I really do not think you can drive yet. Just rest while we wait."

"All right, but I'm sure I won't fall asleep." I closed my eyes and thought over the events of the past few days. We all knew it could be a dangerous trip, but knowing and experiencing are two different things.

We needed to find the Onyx, but how were we going to do it alone? And what role did Monty play in everything? I still couldn't accept that my uncle was bad. Nothing made sense, and I wished I could just step back and plan for a while. Time was never a luxury I had when I needed it.

Chapter Fourteen

Charlotte

I snuggled into Calvin's side, breathing in his scent. He'd found a clear path to the base of the mountains, and we'd climbed an hour before stopping for the night. Calvin used blankets to make us a bed a small distance from the others. He'd taken the first watch, while I just stayed awake staring at the sky. I refused to even look over at where Liam slept. The hurt on his face was too much for me to handle. When Calvin had slipped in next to me, I sighed with relief. His touch removed all my doubts and confusion.

"Are you still up?" He brushed several stands of my hair away from my face. I'd never put it back up after the swim.

"I couldn't sleep without you."

He sighed contentedly. "As happy as I am to hear you missed me, you need your sleep."

"So do you."

His lips skimmed my cheek. "The last thing I want to do right now is sleep."

"Whatever it is you're thinking, it's not happening."

It was too dark to see, but I was almost positive he was grinning. "You test my resistance. Having your body pressed against mine when I cannot truly touch you is nearly a form of torture."

"You never had a problem with it before last night."

His lips grazed my ear. "We both know that last night changed things. It is one thing to wonder if paradise is as sweet as I had imagined. It is something else to know for sure."

"Well, you'll just have to settle for cuddling tonight."

"I know. Soon we will be home in our own bed in Bellgard. There we can enjoy our nights any way we see fit," he whispered.

I giggled. "Everything you say sounds even sexier than if someone else said it."

"Why?" He rolled over onto his side, leaning his face in close to mine.

"Your way of talking. It's so formal. You make everything sound almost naughty."

He laughed deeply. "Naughty, huh? What do you know of naughty?"

"You would be surprised," I teased.

He rolled me on top of him. "Were you holding back on me last night? Is there even more waiting for me?"

"I don't even know what you're talking about anymore," I admitted.

"Sure you do. How should I put it? Do you have a more adventurous side than I imagined?"

I was so glad it was dark. This was not the kind of conversation I could have if he could actually see my face. "Not really. I was just saying your voice made everything sound really sexy, and it was like it oozed sex."

"Oozed sex? I suppose that is a good thing."

"A very good thing." For the first time, I really felt as if we were from different worlds. Usually, I was too overwhelmed with feelings to notice. But finally sleeping with him had mellowed my thoughts, made everything clearer. "I might be more adventurous with you... later on."

He moved his lips to my ear. "I look forward to that, my Essence."

"Mmmm." I moaned.

"But now is not the time. We both need sleep." He pulled the blanket up around us, and I rested my head on his chest. "Good night, my love."

"Good night," I mumbled before falling asleep.

***

"Charlotte, wake up." Calvin's words were soft, and his hand on my side was even softer.

"Not yet," I mumbled. I'd struggled to find sleep all night, and I wasn't ready to get up.

"I am sorry, love, but we need to move."

"I know." I groaned before forcing myself to sit up.

"It will not be too difficult of a day. We just need to get through the mountains."

"Just get through the mountains?" Somehow that didn't sound easy.

"I found a clear route. It should be fine. Besides, you know I will carry you if you tire."

"You make it sound easy. You would really lug me over a mountain?"

"Do you doubt me?" His tone hinted at a challenge.

"Not that you'd want to, but I'm not that light."

He grinned, and I knew what was coming. He scooped me up and threw me over his shoulder. "See? This is one advantage to you not wearing a dress. I do not have to worry so much."

I pushed him on his back. "Put me down."

"Are you sure? I told you I would carry you."

I laughed. "Point made. Put me down."

He moved me to his front, and I wrapped my legs around his waist. "I get it. You're strong."

He smiled. "And I am willing to do anything for you."

"As I am for you." That was why what happened with Liam was so bad-the last thing I wanted to do was to hurt Calvin.

He slowly lowered me back to the ground. "Are you ready?"

"Yes. Especially if the journey is going to be as easy as you claim it will be."

"It will be, but it also means leaving the horses."

I spun on him. "What? We can't do that!"

"We have to. They cannot make the trip. Even the easy path is too steep."

"But they'll die!"

Henry walked over. "Since when are you the horse lover?"

He looked surprisingly refreshed from having only slept part of the night. I wished they'd let me take one of the watches. Liam claimed it was because I got grumpy when I didn't sleep. I knew that wasn't the real reason, but at least he'd made me laugh.

"Shut up. We are not leaving horses to die out here."

"She is the Essence. It is natural she cares for all living things." Calvin turned to me. "But you need not worry. I have already sent word back. They will be fine by the river until riders arrive."

"Sent word?"

Calvin smiled. "Do you think you are the only one who has a kinship with animals?"

Liam shook his head. "He sent a letter with a bird. I guess they have their own version of carrier pigeons here."

"So someone is really going to come for them?" I stared Calvin right in the eye. I needed an honest answer.

"Yes. Does that mean you are ready?"

"Why not?"

***

The trip through the mountains took less than a day, exactly as Calvin had promised. I'd almost had to take him up on the offer to carry me, not because I was tired, but because Henry kept freaking me out about snakes. I might have been attuned to animals, but snakes still terrified me. Something about the way they moved and hid in the brush freaked me out more than a much larger animal would.

The sun was high in the sky, but the heat lessened the further we got from the desert. I started to understand the appeal of hiking. The walking was relaxing when I let go of everything else.

I gaped as we came to the exit of the mountain pass. On the other side lay swamps that went on for miles, a bayou with cypress trees and moss. Houses seemed to float on the murky water.

We walked closer, and I got a better look. The village consisted of at least a dozen pieces of land floating on the surface of the giant swamp. Nothing connected them. "What is this place?"

"The Bashan Swamp. The only swamp I know of here at least," Henry replied.

"Are you ready to tell us what Ruth told you about the scroll?" Liam asked, his first words to me all day.

"Just that it was a scroll that wasn't really a scroll."

"A scroll that is not a scroll?" Henry adjusted the straps of his pack. "What does that even mean?"

"I don't know."

"In other words, we don't know what we're searching for?" Liam's tone was surprisingly nice.

"Not a clue."

Liam laughed. "This is never going to be easy, is it?" I wondered if he meant defeating Blake, or us.

"What in life is easy?" Calvin took my hand, gently rubbing his thumb over mine. "Do you have any suggestion of where we should start?"

"No, but maybe this is one of those times that it's worth just asking for help."

Henry bent to tie his boot. "Asking who?"

"There have to be people here. Maybe they know." I squinted, hoping to catch sight of someone near one of the homes.

Liam shrugged. "I guess anything is worth a try."

Henry wrinkled his brow. "The Bashani people are known to be reclusive. They are rarely seen outside of their swamp."

I brushed off his concern. "That just means they know the swamp well." Then I saw another problem. "But how do we get there?" There were no bridges as far as I could see, and although I'd made an ice bridge before, I wasn't sure how to make a bridge in a swamp. An algae bridge didn't sound particularly strong.

Calvin squeezed my hand. "We swim."

"No way." I shuddered. The algae bridge sounded better than getting in that swamp. "Have you looked at that water?" Swimming was fine and all, but not in that. The dark brown water had who knew what lurking beneath the surface.

Calvin put his arm around my shoulders. "It is not ideal, but I do not see another solution. We have come too far to give up."

"She wasn't suggesting we give up." Liam smiled. Speaking to me and smiling? Maybe he didn't hate me as much as I thought.

"Let's get this over with." I stepped toward the edge of the murky water. "Do you think there are alligators in there?"

"There are far worse things than alligators," Henry said offhandedly.

"Excuse me? Worse than alligators?"

"He's only trying to rile you up. Right, Henry?" Liam nudged Henry's arm.

"Yeah. Right." Henry was anything but convincing, but stalling wasn't going to make it any better.

I let out a deep breath. "I can do this. I'm the Essence. Dealing with a swamp shouldn't faze me."

Calvin chuckled. "That is the spirit."

"All right." I towed Calvin along as I stepped into the water. "Ick." The water quickly penetrated my boots and pants.

"With that resounding response, I'm ready for this." Liam came over to my other side.

"I am coming." Henry remained one step behind us as we continued to wade into the waist-deep water.

Green floating algae clung to my clothes, as I tried to avoid the plants that I might become tangled in. The only saving grace was that the water was luke-warm. I'd been afraid it would be cold. We moved forward slowly, trying not to lose our balance on the uneven ground. All my relief over the temperature disappeared moments later.

"Ack!" I grabbed Calvin's arm with both hands.

He stiffened. "What is wrong?"

I tried to slow my breathing, but I was about to flip out. "Something has my leg. There is something on my leg."

"What does it feel like?" Calvin asked calmly.

"I don't know! It's gross and slimy!"

"Do not move." Calvin pulled out some sort of hunting knife. I'd had no idea he was carrying it.

I eyed the blade nervously. "What are you going to do with that?"

"Liam, will you hold Charlotte so she does not jump?"

"Sure." Liam put his hands on my shoulders, his body inches from mine, reminding me of how close we'd been the day before.

"Why does he have to hold me?" The heat from Liam's body momentarily distracted me from whatever was wrapped around my leg.

"So you do not move and get cut." Calvin leaned over and grasped my ankle. Moments later, he rose, holding something I could only describe as a half-amphibian, half-fish thing. Green and slimy, it was downright gross-looking.

"Ugh, get that away from me!"

He tossed it a distance away from us.

"What if it comes back?" I asked

Henry chuckled. "It's not the only-"

Liam punched Henry's arm. "Would you like a piggyback ride, Charlotte?"

I looked at Calvin. "Uh, I don't know."

"I assume that means you want to ride on someone's back?" Calvin smiled.

"Maybe."

He reached out a hand, and he helped me on to his back. "That should keep any unwanted creatures away." If I wasn't imagining things, he was looking at Liam as he said it.

We continued wading until we came to the first piece of land. The house on it looked rustic, made of trees and other natural materials, but very well put together. Calvin put me on the solid ground. I was just about to examine my leg to check for a bite or bruise when I was grabbed from behind.

"What business do you have here?"

Calvin jumped up onto the floating land. "Let go of her! Do you not realize who you hold?" I half-expected him to grab me away, but something must have stopped him.

"Is the girl supposed to mean something to me?"

I still hadn't seen my captors face, but it was definitely a male. His arm wrapped tightly around my body above my waist.

"It is the Essence, you imbecile!" Henry stood ready to intervene.

Two men laughed.

Liam pulled himself out of the water. "Look at her eyes."

"Do you really expect us to believe you?" There was a taunting in his voice-a challenge more for entertainment than anything else.

"Just look," Liam said.

The man turned me roughly, his arm digging into my ribcage.

Calvin wrapped me in his arms from behind just as Henry and Liam each grabbed a man. "How dare you touch my Essence!"

"Your Essence? Do you claim to be her Gerard?"

"It's more than a claim. He is my Gerard." I nudged Calvin so he'd step forward with me.

"We have heard rumors of a new Essence, but why should we believe it's you?"

Fine. If he wanted proof, he'd get it. I closed my eyes and concentrated. I tried to make the water rise and funnel so that it looked like those soda bottle tornados we used to make as kids. I opened my eyes to a couple of shocked faces.

"Oh, my. We are sorry, our Essence." Both men bowed their heads for a moment before meeting my gaze.

I studied the men before me. They had honest eyes set in sun-weathered skin. I could trust them. One of the many perks of being an Essence was having the ability to determine that. "I understand, but we need your help."

Henry looked at me skeptically. "You understand?"

I gave him a look. What good was it going to do if we made things tenser? If we wanted help, we needed to calm things down. I gestured for the guys to let the strangers go. I was pretty sure my demonstration had done the trick. They weren't going to challenge us again.

The first man held out a hand. "I am Joseph, and this is Nal. What kind of help do you require?"

"Hi, I'm Charlotte, and this is Calvin, Liam, and Henry."

"It is an honor to meet you, and we will provide any help we can."

I nodded. "We are searching for a scroll."

"A scroll?" Nal asked.

"Yes. A scroll," I repeated.

The men turned and looked at each other. I could tell they were having an unspoken conversation. "We are the keepers of the scroll."

"The keepers of the scroll?"

"Yes. Although no one can really keep the scroll." Joseph said the word keep in a strange way, as if it was an inside joke.

"Why not?" Liam asked.

Joseph crossed his arms. "You will have to come with us if you want to find out."

"Where? Where do we need to go?" I asked.

"Not far."

"Do we have to get back in there?" I glanced at the water apprehensively. I had no interest in meeting that fish thingy again.

"I would suggest we take a boat."

"A boat? There are boats here?" I turned to my Guardians. "Did you know about that?"

Henry shook his head. "No. None of us have ever been here."

Joseph looked at my Guardians triumphantly. "We would never want to subject the Essence to those waters more than necessary."

"I'm glad you feel that way." Joseph was really getting on my good side.

We followed the two locals around the house. There was more to it than I originally thought, including several porches. They led us over to a dock. We all squeezed onto a boat that looked as if it should only have held half as many people, and I crossed my fingers that the rickety old boat could hold us. Seated practically on Calvin's lap, I glanced over at Liam. He was staring out at the water as we made the slow trip across the swamp.

Calvin lifted up my pant leg to examine the red mark. "Does this hurt?"

"Not too much. I'm just glad you got that creature off."

He kissed the back of my neck. "I wish it had picked me instead, but I guess it had good taste."

"Lucky me," I mumbled.

The light faded as we moved into some kind of forest. "Where are we going exactly?" I asked.

"To the last place the scroll was seen," Joseph answered without taking his eyes off some spot in the distance.

"Where the scroll was seen? I thought you were the keeper? How could you not know where it is?" Henry asked.

Nal laughed. "You will find out soon."

Calvin stiffened. "That is not good enough. The Essence is entitled to an answer. How could you lose such an important object?"

"You really have no idea what you are searching for." Joseph wasn't asking a question.

I folded my hands in my lap. "No. I just know I need to find it." I bumped against Calvin as the boat hit land.

Joseph hopped out. "This is the place."

"Will we find the scroll here?" I asked as Calvin helped me out of the boat.

"It is doubtful. No one has seen the scroll in years."

"Then why did you bring us here?" Calvin was obviously struggling to hold his temper.

"The Essence wanted help finding the scroll. This is all we could offer."

My heart sank. "Can't you give us any more information?"

Nal smiled. "It is very old, and you will probably find it in the water."

"Oh no." I shook my head. "I'm not getting in there again."

Joseph smiled apologetically. "I do not know of another way."

"Fine." I walked into the water, thinking about how badly I wanted to find the scroll and get back on land.

Hello, Essence.

I jumped. "What?"

Calvin grabbed my elbow. "Charlotte?"

"Did you hear that?"

"No. I heard nothing."

Only you can hear my voice. I am close.

I jumped to the side when something bumped up against my leg.

Do not let me scare you. I realized where the voice was coming from-a turtle. A giant turtle.

"A turtle? The scroll is a turtle?" I ran my fingers over a set of ornate carvings in the shell. I could feel the turtle, and I knew he wasn't going to bite me or anything, but still, a giant turtle was pretty scary.

Calvin rubbed my back. "Ruth did say it was a scroll that was not a scroll."

Nal laughed. "Yes. We call the turtle Scroll."

"A turtle named Scroll... only in Energo." Liam chuckled.

"What does it say, Charlotte?" Calvin asked.

The words weren't written in English or in any language I'd ever seen. "I'm not sure yet." I closed my eyes to clear my head before touching the turtle again.

Complete darkness can only be vanquished with pure light. At the Source, light will prevail as a new one is born again.

"We need to go to Bellgard." I knew it in every fiber of my body.

"We need to get into the most fortified city in all of Energo, which happens to be the mainstay of our enemy? Great." Henry shook his head.

"We don't have a choice." I thought over the words, terrified by what they meant. It would be a long journey to Bellgard, but I was determined to take advantage of all the time I had with the people I loved. I only wished my family were with me.

Chapter Fifteen

Samantha

I slipped up. I let the circumstances weaken me, and I made a mistake. I was supposed to be awake while Kevin slept, but sleep took me.

Waking up suddenly, I glanced around the car. Everything appeared untouched. Hopefully, my mistake did not cost us more than the emotional toll it had on me. I needed to be more careful. We could not afford any other setbacks.

I had dreamt another dream-the same one-and once again, I didn't see which man had used the blade. No matter who did the act, why would Monty, Emma's brother, be part of a plan to kill her Gerard? Nothing about it made sense. The biggest question was why I was having the dream. At my core, I knew it was actually a memory, but that also made no sense. I would have had to have been so young. Why would I have been there?

I was not one to make more of myself than I should, but did my sudden remembrance of the event have some greater meaning? Being raised in Energo, I had been indoctrinated in the belief that the Source ultimately controlled everything. Did the Source somehow want me to witness that event to help us in our current situation? But then again, the dream didn't help. I hadn't figured it out in time. I was either too late, or its use was still before us.

I racked my brain, trying to understand. The likelihood of Monty being a traitor was slim. None of his other actions supported that theory. By all accounts, he had given up any semblance of a normal life to care for his sister's children. I saw the way he was with Charlotte. He cared for her deeply. He also cared for Kevin, but in a different way that made sense considering their genders. I refused to believe I had missed my chance to serve the Source. There still had to be a way to use the dream to our advantage.

I rummaged through the bags until I found a sweater. The garment was made of a soft material the man at the store had called fleece. I would save the new coat for later.

I tried to open my door, but it wouldn't budge. Kevin had only cleared the snow from his door, so mine was still coated in a heavy layer of ice and snow. If we were to leave, someone needed to clear the front window. The only way out was over Kevin, and there was not much space. That could not stop me. I kneeled and then put one leg over him. In order to reach the door, I had to straddle him. Sitting on his lap brought blood to my face as I remembered what we had been doing mere hours before. I never imagined I would do such a thing before uniting, but it had happened so naturally. Everything between Kevin and I seemed natural.

Just as I reached for the latch, his eyes fluttered open. "Samantha?"

"Hello." I decided to make humor of the situation.

He gave me a lazy grin. "Either this is a nightmare or a really good dream."

"Oh?"

"Yeah. The question is whether you're trying to kill me, or you're about to take off your shirt."

I punched him playfully on the arm. "I am actually trying to get out of the car to see if I can clear off the front window."

He smiled. "Likely story."

I pushed open the door and hopped down into the early morning light. The storm had moved on, and I took that as a good sign.

Kevin followed me out, and together, we cleared off the thick layer of snow. In the light of the morning, I could see the abandoned motel for the first time. The building looked far less appealing than I had imagined. I squinted as the bright sun reflected off the snow. My hands were half frozen when we got back inside the car. We'd left the engine running, and the heat felt good.

Kevin glanced at the dash. "I'm suddenly really glad Dad brought an extra container of gas. I wasn't thinking when we sat with the car on for so long. At least I remembered to get out and check the exhaust pipe a few times. That would have been a pretty sad way to die."

"Oh? You know how to add more gas?"

He smiled. "Yeah, I've got that difficult skill down."

***

"Do you want to stop and eat?" Kevin yawned, stretching one arm out to the side.

We had been driving for hours. I would have offered to help, but I had never driven anything motorized. I turned the question back on him. "Are you hungry? We can stop if you are."

"Where is this side of you coming from? You never worried about me."

"I just feel useless right now."

"Useless?"

I touched my seat. "What good am I doing sitting here?"

"You're very useful. Keeping me company is as an important job as they come."

"Your humor astounds me."

He smiled. "I'm glad."

Twenty minutes later, we reached the outskirts of a small town. The sign was covered in snow, so I did not see the name.

"Hopefully, we can find something open here." He pulled off the larger road.

The streets in the town were worse, and finding parking was difficult with all of the snow. Kevin finally pulled into a spot someone had just left. "Let's go get something to eat." He turned off the car and got out.

I followed him. I may have downplayed my hunger in the car, but I was famished.

"Is this okay?" He gestured at a small building. "I don't know if we'll find anything else."

"Sure."

We walked in and took a seat in a booth in the corner. Descriptions of the meals available were on the table, but I was not quite sure what everything was.

"I'm getting pancakes," Kevin said. "I bet you'd like them. They're one of my favorite foods. You can get them with anything: fruit, chocolate chips, nuts, you name it."

I remembered the yellow fruit that needed to be peeled. "Do they have the fruit I liked at the airport?"

"Bananas? Sure. That's pretty typical for pancakes. You want those?"

I nodded. "As long as pancakes are as good as you claim."

"They are."

A woman came over, and Kevin ordered two coffees and two sets of banana pancakes. I did not voice it, but I wondered if he ordered bananas with his because of me. I liked thinking I may have impacted his decision.

I discovered right away that coffee in the lost world was just like what we had in Energo, only slightly more bitter. Most foods from my home had comparisons in the lost world. I wondered which of Energo's foods pancakes were like.

Kevin pushed a small container toward me. "You can add cream or sugar."

"Why would I do that?" I took another small sip.

"I don't know. You were making a face. Some people like it better that way."

"I just need to get used to the different taste."

He smiled. "All right. I was just asking."

Before long, two heaping plates were placed in front of us. I watched Kevin eat a bite of his first before cutting a piece of mine. The warm, soft dish was perfect. I especially loved the banana. I had expected the fruit on the side. The closest comparison in Energo was a type of pastry we usually reserved for special occasions.

Kevin nodded at my empty plate. "Glad you liked it."

"I would eat that again."

"Good to know."

He paid the bill, and we walked back out to the car.

"This is our last stop before we set out on foot, is it not?"

"Yeah. We need to make up lost time. We're supposed to meet Charlotte in two days."

"Then I am glad we had pancakes. It will be good motivation to get out alive."

"Is that a joke?" He held open my door. I wondered if that was the typical gesture of a man in the lost world. Maybe they were more polite than I assumed.

"Yes."

"Nice. I like it."

***

"Well, if we're going to willingly walk into the Alaskan wilderness, at least we're wearing the right stuff." Kevin pulled on the hood of his coat.

"Hopefully, these clothes can really protect us down to twenty degrees below freezing as the tag says." I was not positive if we measured temperature the same way, but I assumed the word freezing was universal. Twenty degrees below that was cold.

"I was thinking the same thing about the sleeping bags."

I adjusted the fancy pack on my back. I had never seen such a thing before, but evidently it was also meant for cold weather. "You packed that old map of Monty's right?"

"Yes. We should be able to locate the gate to Kenset as soon as we find the Onyx." Kevin took out a length of rope, attaching one end to him and the other to me. He had come a long way with the survival skills since we had first met. "We need to stay together. The storm's let up, but it's going to be rough."

I nodded. "I understand."

My new boots kept my feet warm and dry as we moved through the snow. The wind picked up the farther we moved from the car, and I was grateful for the surprisingly warm clothing. I had never seen materials that could be so warm even though they were thin.

Kevin took the lead, and I stayed close. We did our best to follow the coordinates, but as the storm picked up again, I did not know how far we could make it. My body ached, and the cold seemed to magnify my exhaustion. I followed Kevin almost blindly as the storm swirled around us.

Hours passed, and I could barely feel my limbs. The cold stung, and even the best clothing could not prevent the deep chill from penetrating my bones. For the first time, I started to doubt our mission. Could we really fight the cold long enough to find the Onyx? What if Kevin's father was wrong about the location? We could not afford to wander around this terrain. We were already spending too much time in the elements.

My body fell forward, and I stopped just before I reached the edge of a deep crevice. Kevin was already halfway down. The only thing keeping him from falling farther was me, and I was barely able to hold his weight. My heart beat a mile a minute. I summoned every ounce of strength I had and pulled. At first, the effort was useless. Any movement up was followed by him slipping back down, but finally, his head peeked out from the white ground. His expression of pain and fear was all I needed to muster greater strength. I pulled again, and combined with the momentum of his own frantic efforts, we were able to pull the rest of his body up.

"You saved me." The words spilled through his blue lips, and all I wanted to do was kiss him.

I eyed blood seeping from his pant leg. "Do you need to rest? Can you go on?"

"Yes." Instead of moving forward, he hugged me.

I hugged him back, knowing that the physical contact said more than his words could.

I used a medic kit from my pack to make a tourniquet, but that only slowed the blood loss. His leg still had to bear his weight. We could barely see a foot ahead of us. We were both frozen.

"We cannot make it much further in this storm. We need to find shelter."

"Maybe we can find a natural shelter if we head back over to the mountain." Kevin struggled to speak.

We took off toward the mountain, and I kept my eyes open for an overhang. We needed to find some cover. I tried to get Kevin to put some of his weight on me, but he fought against it. Either he was too proud or too afraid I could not handle it. I assumed it was the former since I had proven my strength to him already. After nearly an hour of searching, I considered just setting up a tent outside. Getting Kevin off his bad leg was important.

Then, I spotted the entrance to a small cave. Each step felt like a mile until we squeezed through the tiny entrance.

"Even covered, it's going to be cold." Kevin sat down on the floor of the cave. He grimaced when he tried to stretch out his leg.

I pulled aside his pants leg and examined the cut. The wound wasn't as deep as I originally thought, but there was significant bruising all around it. Kevin shivered as I replaced his bandage. Even more than the injury, we had to worry about staying warm.

"Body heat. That is the best way to stay warm."

Kevin winced. "As in, nothing between us body heat?"

"Do you know of a better way to stay warm tonight?"

He shook his head. "You don't need to twist my arm."

"Can we both fit in one sleeping bag? Is there a way to connect them?"

"So you're completely serious?"

"Yes, Kevin. I am serious."

"We can try one. Want me to turn around while you get changed?"

"Just get undressed and in the bag." I appreciated his attempt at chivalry, but it was not the time to be embarrassed. We need to strip and get warm. I knew enough about survival skills to know we had been outside too long.

I waited until Kevin unrolled the blue sleeping bag before pulling off my clothes. I tried not to look, but I could not help it once he took off his pants. He wore shorts, but I still got quite an eyeful of his muscular body.

I slipped into the bag. "Come in, Kevin. This stalling will not help us at all."

He looked nervous for a moment before joining me. His body felt cold at first; the extra few moments of hesitation had cost him heat. We held each other while shivering and listening to the storm. After a while, our bodies warmed, and the shivering died down. Not everything stayed calm though. Kevin's body made his interest in me very clear.

"That isn't my fault."

With only the light of the moon, I could not see his face. "I suppose it is mine."

"I'm not saying it's your fault."

"It is a joke, Kevin."

"Oh."

I snuggled closer against him, wanting to lose myself in his warmth. I moved one of my hands to his chest, loving the feel of the muscular planes.

He chuckled. "This might be seen as torture to some."

"Torture?"

"Being in a sleeping bag with a beautiful naked woman who you're crazy about... it's hard to keep my hands to myself, to say the least."

"Your hands are not being left to yourself." I ran a hand down his arm that was currently wrapped around me.

"You know what I mean."

"You did not keep them to yourself last night. Why should you now?" Where had those words come from?

"You don't mean?"

"I almost lost you today..."

"And that means you're ready?"

"I have been ready a long time. I just needed to know you felt as I do."

"And you believe that now?" His voice was soft.

"After I pulled you out... the way you looked at me..."

"I love you, Samantha." His lips brushed against my ear. The words and touch caused a chill to run through me.

"I love you, Kevin."

"I will never let you down."

He kissed me, and I knew my life was forever changed.

Chapter Sixteen

Kevin

The world stood still, or at least that was how it felt. I held Samantha in my arms, and I knew she belonged there. Outside, the storm continued, but inside our little cocoon, nothing touched us.

"Did that mean the same thing to you?" she asked.

I brushed some hair away from her face. "Yes. If we make it out of this alive, you'll have to explain the whole uniting thing to me."

"We will get out alive, and I will hold you to it, Kevin."

"You better, and I love how you say my name."

"Kevin? Do I say it differently than others?"

"Maybe it's just the way it sounds on your lips." I kissed her lightly.

"I like how you say my name, too."

"Yeah? How do I say Samantha?" I asked.

"Say it normally."

"Samantha."

"Do you realize we did not worry about a watch tonight?"

"I can't wait until all of this is over and we can forget about sleeping in shifts. I plan on sleeping with you like this every night."

"Like this? Squished together?"

I kissed her gently. "Yes. Squished together naked with you in a sleeping bag. It's quite comfortable."

"I might prefer a bed."

"Hmm... okay, only if we keep the squished together naked part." I ran a hand down that beautiful body of hers. I dreaded facing the cold and losing the feel of her warm body pressed against mine.

"We need to get moving."

"I know. It's time to find the Onyx."

***

When the storm passed, we packed up our gear and headed outside. My leg felt better, but I wasn't looking forward to walking on it again. The lake was visible only a few miles down the mountain, so we made our way back through the snow.

"Do you think the ice is solid?" I asked. We'd reached the lake, the part I was most worried about.

"Yes."

I took out the GPS and checked the coordinates. "Well, I hope so. We need to get to the center."

"Very convenient."

I smiled. I liked it when Samantha was sarcastic. "On the positive side, the lake is frozen, so we can walk on it. On the negative side, we have to break through the ice to get the Onyx."

"We can do this."

"Well, I don't see any other choice." The dry suit fit like a glove, and theoretically, it was designed for arctic water, but the thought of jumping into the frigid water still sounded completely unappealing.

We used the drill to cut a hole in the ice double the size of my body. At least Dad had been prepared with the tools. Still, after my fall the day before, I didn't like the idea of jumping through the ice. I tried not to think about it, but what I was about to do was crazy. For all I knew, the Onyx wasn't there. I really hoped Dad's coordinates were correct.

I took a deep breath before pulling the mask over my face. I didn't have an oxygen tank, but at least the suit meant I was somewhat prepared.

The lake was dark and murky, nothing like the oceans where I'd scuba dived. I held my breath as long as I could while searching for something that could possibly be a powerful stone. Nothing. The water was only about twenty feet deep, but the limited visibility made it difficult to see. After searching the lake floor for over a minute, I had to surface for air. Thankfully, the ice hole glowed with light.

I gulped down air as Samantha watched me worriedly. I didn't stop for long. Giving up wasn't an option. Back underneath the water, I scanned the area. I wished I were Charlotte and could sense things as she did. Then, I noticed a small metal box covered with green algae. I grabbed it and swam to the surface. Samantha pulled me out and covered me with a thick blanket.

I handed the square, black box to Samantha. She tried to open the box first, but the lid didn't budge. "Here." She handed it to me.

I prepared to wrestle with it, but the lid opened as soon as I touched it. I looked up at Samantha in shock.

She shrugged. "Maybe only a Winthrop can open it. That would be a smart precaution. Maybe that is why you had to be the one to retrieve it."

I nodded. "I guess so." I glanced back down at the open box in my hands. "This is it?" I picked up the round black stone, roughly the size of a golf ball, and turned it over in my hand. For its size, the rock seemed heavy. The smooth stone didn't appear any different from a thousand other rocks I'd seen.

"Yes. It is smaller than I expected, but we should not let that fool us. It is still powerful."

"I wonder what it does."

"We can talk about that later. Right now, we have to get you warm, Kevin."

"Body heat?" I asked through chattering teeth.

She smiled slightly. "The gate should be just beyond those trees. Can you make it?"

I followed her gaze to a clump of evergreen trees probably a half mile away. "Only if you promise me body heat."

"Now is not the time to joke."

"I'm going to be okay. The dry suit helped."

"You still need warmth. We must go."

We grabbed our gear, and I carefully stowed the Onyx in my coat pocket. The box was too bulky, so I put that in my pack. I didn't love the extra weight, but I figured it might be useful later.

We slowly pushed through the snow. Between the cold and the ache in my leg, I desperately wanted to find someplace warm and dry. Samantha kept her eyes straight ahead. She was so tough and determined.

"Over there." I could barely make out the snow-covered structure in the distance. It was the only thing that could possibly be the gate. We used our gloved hands to brush off the snow from the frozen metal gate.

I paused. "Let's hope this key works."

I inserted the key and twisted. At first, the key wouldn't budge, but with a bit more effort, I was able to turn it. I pushed on the gate, letting the door swing wide open before leaning in to investigate. All I could see were trees, so I took a tentative step through the opening with Samantha right behind me.

I looked up at the sun, loving the way it felt on my chilled body. "Wow! that feels good." If I couldn't get naked snuggling with Samantha, the sun was the second best way to warm up. "So this is Kenset, huh?" The only thing we had to go by was Monty's map. I assumed they at least got the nation right. I didn't see anything that distinguished the landscape from my own world. We were in a grove of tall trees, and the rest of the vegetation looked familiar, too. The only thing that seemed off was how quiet it was. Usually a forest would be full of all sorts of noises. Maybe there weren't any animals.

"I assume so. I have no idea how we get from here to Energo, but I trust we will find someone who knows."

"We need to find Ollis." I thought about my friend on the Pact council. I'd earned his respect by holding my liquor-but I think it went beyond that. There was a true camaraderie there that I hoped I could rely on.

"You make it sound easy. He is the representative for the Pact. He could be anywhere."

"Is there a capital?" I scoured my memory for any hints Ollis might have given. If I'd known how important he'd be, I would have at least feigned interest in his nation.

"Yes. Maldin. I think it is in the western section of Kenset."

I pulled out my compass. The needle spiraled without settling on a direction. "Yeah, so this obviously doesn't work here. Any idea where west would be?"

She pointed toward a thick growth of trees. "It is that way."

"What makes you say that?"

"The sun."

"Okay. You can teach me later."

We walked toward the forest. The trees were denser than I expected, blocking out almost all sunlight. Samantha moved closer to my side. It was nice how she viewed me as protection, whether she'd ever admit it or not.

"What was that?" she whispered.

"I didn't see anything."

"I saw a blur. Someone is following us."

"Really?" I glanced around, seeing nothing but trees.

"It is certain. The question is whether they are friend or foe." Samantha kept her eyes moving. "When in doubt, always assume foe."

I nodded. "Healthy attitude."

"It is called survival instinct."

Bright light let us know we were almost out of the trees, but we didn't know what that meant for being followed. Either we were both literally and figuratively out of the woods, or we were up a creek. A nagging feeling told me to move the Onyx to its box. I yanked out the box and set the small stone inside it.

"Shit." I saw the guys before they jumped on us. They grabbed my arms, but I got in a couple of good kicks.

"I would stop that if I were you. That is, if you have any care for your companion," the man holding my arms said.

I noticed the way several ox-like men leered at Samantha. "Don't touch her."

"Do not give us a reason to."

I nodded, taking my first good look at our captors. The men were large, their tight shirts showing off every inch of their muscles. If they were human, I would have questioned whether they took steroids. I was pretty sure their physique came naturally.

"Listen," I said. "We are just trying to-"

"We know what you are doing," the guy holding me interjected.

"You do?"

"You are working for Blake. You wish to turn more of our men into slaves."

"No. You have it wrong." Samantha struggled against the man who had her.

I wanted to tell her to stop; it would only get her hurt.

"Oh do we?" The same one laughed.

I fought down my anger as best I could. "Take us to Ollis. He knows us."

"Ollis? As though he would bother with you."

"We were on the Pact council together. I'm Kevin Callow... Winthrop, brother of the Essence."

He started to pat me down, and I knew it wouldn't be long before he found the Onyx. I was unbelievably grateful I'd moved it back into the box so he couldn't get to the stone. The box barely fit, but I'd managed to zip it into an inside pocket of my coat.

He yanked out the box, ripping my jacket in the process. "What is this?"

I went with honesty. "Our only chance of defeating Blake. Please take us to Ollis. He'll explain it all."

"He could be telling the truth," the younger man said. "Either way, what harm would it do to take him to Ollis? If he lies, we can kill them both there."

Samantha shivered, and I just wanted to hold her. I'd never seen her show fear. I wondered if those dreams had made her more fearful.

The first man didn't say anything for a minute, and I was getting ready to start arguing again when he nodded and said, "Fine."

A year earlier, I probably would have made a smart aleck comment about them finally doing the right thing, but that likely would have just gotten me hurt. They marched us forward until my leg protested so much I didn't think I could make it. We walked through small strips of forest connected by barren land. I didn't see any other people and wondered where the population lived.

When we finally reached a village, I thought we might stop, but the men kept moving. From what I could see, it was some kind of mining village. I saw men hauling materials down from a mountain. A few kids ran along beside us, and I wondered how different those kids were from the ones back home. It also reminded me why I was risking my life. With Blake in power, no child was safe.

After walking for another hour, we reached a large city. Evidently, that was where most of the population lived.

"Do not talk to anyone," the younger man ordered us.

Once again, I chose to keep my mouth shut. We just had to get to Ollis.

They didn't have to worry about us talking to people. No one so much as stopped. I sensed it had more to do with fear than a lack of curiosity. The people seemed afraid of us. That was a crazy thought, considering how much larger the Kenset people were. Ollis always reminded me of an ox, and although he was on the larger end, even the smallest guy I'd seen was larger than I was, and that was saying a lot since I was six-four.

"Time to find out if you were lying to us." The first guy pushed me forward into a dark alley.

My instincts wanted me to fight, but I knew that would be stupid. I might have tried something if it were just me, but Samantha was there. It was one thing to get myself in trouble, but I refused to let anything happen to her. I probably would have walked to my death if it meant giving her a chance of surviving.

We walked from the alley into an ornate hall. The walls were lined with portraits of battles and of men in robes. Large sculptures dotted the walkway. We must have been brought in the back way. Either that or they were trying to keep people away from the government. I knew of a few politicians back home that would have loved that idea.

"Kevin?"

A good amount of anxiety rolled off me. "Ollis! Thank God." Of all the leaders I'd met in Alak, he was one of the few I'd trust with my life, and that was exactly what I was doing.

"You know this boy?" our first captor asked.

"Yes. I know them both. Release them." Ollis gestured at us.

I stumbled forward as the guy finally let me go with a shove. The younger one holding Samantha released her in a gentler manner. She rubbed her arm where he'd held her, and I could see the relief on her face. I resisted the urge to punch the guy for touching her.

"I also need my stuff back." I wasn't going anywhere without that box.

Ollis smiled. "A little pushy, are you?"

"We found it, Ollis."

Although I hadn't talked to Ollis, the Resistance had. They knew all about the Onyx. It had been smuggled out through their nation to begin with.

"Give him his things," Ollis said. "And leave us."

"Even this?" The first guy held up the box. "What is it? He claims it can defeat Blake."

"Especially that." Ollis took the box, examining it for a moment before handing it to me. "It is what is inside that we need."

The two men put down our packs and left, closing the door behind them.

"Have you opened it?" Ollis asked.

"Yes."

"How? I do not see a latch."

I touched the front of the box, and it popped open.

Ollis grinned. "Would you look at that? Made only for a Winthrop, I see."

I smiled at Samantha. She'd gotten it right.

He held out a hand. "May I hold it?"

Even though I trusted him, I hesitated before handing it over again.

He must have sensed my unease. "It will not leave your sight."

I nodded. "All right." I gave him the box.

He didn't remove the stone, just gazed down at it. "The Onyx in person. I never thought I'd see the day."

I shrugged. "It doesn't look like much."

"Most important things do not. What does love look like?"

I didn't miss the way he glanced between Samantha and me, and I wondered how many drinks he'd had already. He handed the box back to me.

I closed my hand around it. "Can you get us back to Energo? We need to meet Charlotte."

"I can, but it is not going to be easy." He scratched his beard. "Blake has the borders sealed."

Samantha straightened. She always did that when she wanted someone to listen to her, as though she thought they'd respect her more if she were taller. "We do not have a choice."

"A woman of conviction. You have done well for yourself, Kevin."

"Thank you, but she's right."

"Of course I will help. Did you ever question it? But first, can you stay for a drink?"

I shook my head. "Not now. How about we have one the next time I'm in town?"

He laughed from deep in his belly. "I do hope you come back. I would love to show you the land."

"I'd love to see it when I'm not being treated as a prisoner."

"I am sorry about that. As you can imagine, we do not get too many outsiders here. And with Blake... we cannot be too careful."

"Next time, put me on a safe list."

He laughed again. "You have the finest sense of humor, Kevin. It is one of my favorite things about you."

"Glad to know I have something good to put on the table."

He got a weird glint in his eyes. "Are you guys up for a rather exciting form of transportation?"

"Exciting?" Samantha and I asked in unison.

"We had some eggs hatch a few weeks back. They would have been useful in the battle in Energo, but you cannot look back, only forward."

I shook my head. "What are you talking about, Ollis?"

"Dragons," he said theatrically. He really would have been a terrific storyteller. His excitement was pretty contagious.

"Dragons?"

"That is what I said." His face didn't hold a hint of a joke. He was dead serious.

"But you mean the mythological creatures that fly and breathe fire?" I wondered for the second time just how much he'd had to drink.

"Mythological? No, but they do fly and breathe fire. The flying part is why they are useful for transportation."

I tried to maintain some composure. Laughing at the man wasn't going to help our cause. "Are you suggesting we fly dragons into Energo?"

"Absolutely. It takes a little bit of getting used to, but they are pretty easy to control. The best part is that these are babies and have not developed any issues yet."

"Issues?" I could feasibly accept there were dragons. We'd seen a lot of crazy things. But actually flying on one seemed pretty out there.

"You do not need to worry about those. Mostly attachment, anger, you know the usual."

"Okay, so theoretically, if we were interested in flying these dragons, where would we find them?"

Ollis grinned. "Just follow me."

Samantha touched my arm. "We may have just found our ticket home."

I nodded. "Or our death certificate, but beggars can't be choosers." Just saying the word "death" made me think of Dad and Monty. Was there any chance they were still alive? Was Monty really a bad guy? I pushed the thoughts away. I couldn't afford to get too distracted.

Ollis led us out of the room and down a narrow corridor. It started off wide enough, but the farther we went, the more it narrowed. The place felt as though it belonged in Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory. I'd have to tell Liam. That was his favorite movie when we were little. By the time we reached the end of the hall, Ollis had to turn sideways to fit through the doorway. Then he ducked. I guessed that, like the alley, it was meant to deter people from going in that direction.

We walked through some sort of greenhouse. One half was full of plants that produced fruit. Under different circumstances, I would have asked questions, but we didn't have time for that.

Ollis turned to look back at us. "It is just through here."

I nodded. "This had better not be a joke."

"No joke, kid. No joke."

"Kid? I've been demoted to kid?"

"You look younger now. Maybe it is because you are in desperate need of a shower. I would have offered you a place to clean up, but you seem to be in a hurry."

Samantha brushed a hand through her hair. "We are."

Ollis smiled at her. "I was calling him dirty. You look fresh as a spring morning."

She blushed. "Thank you."

"If Kevin had not already claimed you, I would have introduced you to one of my sons."

She blushed about ten shades redder, and I put an arm around her. "Yeah, it's too bad."

I didn't miss the smile she threw my way. I wasn't sure if it was because I was acknowledging we were together or that she didn't like the thought of dating one of Ollis's sons. Maybe it was both. Either way, I liked it.

We emerged from the greenhouse, and moved into a courtyard with high walls covered in bright green vines.

"Here we are." Ollis opened a set of double doors on a circular stone building. "Easy now, little ones."

It took me a minute to realize he wasn't talking to us. I peeked inside the room and stepped back. Right on Samantha's foot.

Before I could apologize, she saw what made me step back. She didn't flinch. "Wow. He cannot really mean for us to ride on those, can he?"

Four enormous winged creatures covered in iridescent scales lay stretched out in a spacious arena. Sharp spines outlined their wings and tails. Two of the dragons were blue with green stripes down their sides. One was red, and the last was orange. They looked up at us, probably trying to decide whether we were of any concern. I hoped they were lazy dragons.

Ollis pointed at the pair that looked alike. "I would suggest the twins there. They are the gentlest, yet fastest flyers."

"They're the gentle ones?" I didn't think they looked particularly gentle. At the moment, they were both eyeing me with less than friendly expressions.

"How do we approach them?" Samantha was already talking about approaching them? Maybe she was braver than I was. I kept expecting fire to come out of their nostrils.

"I will call them out for you. These boys will not hurt you as long as you are careful."

"Boys? They're male dragons?" I didn't know why that surprised me.

"Yes. That is why I suggest them. The girls"-he pointed at the other two-"have more of a bite to them."

"Bite. Lovely."

Ollis smiled. "Should I get them saddled up for you?"

I got the impression that he liked seeing me so uncomfortable while Samantha might as well have been jumping up and down with excitement.

I nodded, trying to appear more relaxed. "Saddles? Right. Sure."

Samantha whispered in my ear, "I have not seen you afraid of anything in a while. It is kind of cute."

"I'm not scared." The real question was why she wasn't afraid. She was really okay just walking up to a giant animal who could probably kill us without moving its head?

I kept quiet as Ollis brought out the twins. We moved outside and waited while two men put saddles on them as if they were horses. Giant, brightly colored horses with scales and wings. Right.

Samantha walked right up to one of them and touched his nose. "Hello. My name is Samantha."

The dragon made some sort of noise that actually sounded kind of happy, like a cat's purr or something.

She gestured for me to join her. "Come here."

They both snarled at me.

She laughed. "Maybe they do not like males."

"Figures," I grumbled.

"Hey, you act the same around Talen." Her eyes twinkled.

I joined her and tentatively touched the nose of the second one. Upon closer inspection, the shiny scales showed an eerie reflection of my face. "I'm really not trying to move in on any of your women. I already have one."

Samantha laughed. "And he is modest, too."

The dragon lowered his head slightly. His hide actually felt kind of cool. Covered in rough scales, his skin was slightly warm to the touch.

Ollis walked over. "Can I trust you to bring these boys back when you are done? Dragons being rare and all."

Samantha nodded. "Yes. We will bring them back as soon as possible."

"Good to see you." Ollis surprised me with a hug. "Take care of your lady. You will not find another like her."

"I know." I patted his back. "Good to see you, too." I turned back to the dragon. "So how do we get on these things?"

The dragons snorted.

"Sorry, on these dragons," I corrected.

The one I'd been petting slowly lowered his head. At first I thought he was going to bite me or something, but then I realized the movement was so I could climb up into the saddle. I awkwardly put one leg on its back and pulled myself up. Samantha did the same thing with hers. It took me a moment to situate myself. There were reins, but I kind of wanted to hold on to something with more substance. Could I really hold on to a dragon's neck?

As comfortable as I was going to get, I concentrated on the bigger picture. "Now what direction is Energo?"

"Here, take this." Ollis handed me a metal-encased compass. "You need to go west. Cross the mountains, and you will be in the boundaries."

Samantha nodded. "I can find the caves from there."

"Great." I let out a deep breath and tried to pretend I was on a horse.

That was easy enough until we started rising into the air. Luckily, I held back the girly scream that wanted to come out. Samantha would never have let me live that down.

Chapter Seventeen

Charlotte

We didn't waste any time after meeting the turtle. Thankfully, Nal told us about a shortcut that would shave an entire day off our trip. The best part was that we'd avoid the desert. I wasn't sure if I could handle that again. Charleston got hot in the summer, but between the beach and air conditioning, it was nothing compared to the Sutuni desert.

"Do you think Kevin made it back yet?" Henry tossed around one of Kevin's old hacky sacks as we walked. He must have found it back at the house and brought it with him.

"I hope so." I nabbed the ball after he tossed it. "I don't think we're going to get two chances to break into Bellgard. We need the Onyx."

He grabbed the ball. "And we need Kevin. He is generally pretty good in tough situations."

"He is, usually."

Henry glanced ahead of us to see if the others were listening. They didn't appear to be. "Are you ever going to tell us what the turtle said?"

"It's hard to explain in words. We just have to go to Bellgard." The true meaning of the words had hit me hard, and I wasn't about to put the weight of them on anyone else. There was a reason I was the only one who could understand the writing.

"If you are sure..." Henry seemed torn on what to say next. "Just remember that if you ever want to talk about it, I am available."

"I'll keep that in mind." I forced a smile, though my thoughts were churning a mile a minute.

"What are you going to do when this is all over?"

I rolled up my sleeves. The sun was high in sky, and I was starting to bake. "What do you mean?"

"Are you going to stay in Bellgard, or are you going to go back and finish school?"

"I don't know. I haven't actually thought about it." I'd been living from day to day ever since discovering Energo. The future wasn't something I could even picture.

"They are going to try to make you stay. He is, too." He nodded toward Calvin.

"Calvin would never make me do anything."

"He would not make you, but he certainly would give his opinion."

"Yeah, he's good at that, but then again, what man isn't?"

Henry laughed. "Girls are good at that, too. Rachel has taught me that."

"What opinions does she make clear?" I hadn't thought about Rachel much over the past weeks, but I missed my spunky friend. She'd made my year in Charleston tons better, and the more time I spent with just guys, the more I wanted a girl around.

"She thinks I'm the one." He blushed slightly.

"'The one'? Wow. That's big coming from Rachel." I knew Rachel had gone into the relationship with Henry just wanting to have fun, then fallen hard for him. I just hadn't known quite how far she'd fallen.

"Yeah, I thought so too. She is so different from anyone I have ever met."

"Does that mean you're going to go back for her?" I hadn't even thought about that possibility.

"Yes." His response was firm and absolute. My respect for Henry rose another ten levels.

"That's awesome."

He started with the ball again. "Do you think she would like Bellgard?"

"Bellgard? Why not just live in Charleston?"

"Well, that is why I was asking where you were going to be. I have to stay where you are."

"No, you don't!" I said it louder than I meant to. Calvin and Liam turned around. I waved at them and waited till they turned forward again, then I lowered my voice. "I just mean you can't make decisions based on me."

"But I am your Guardian. It is what I was born for."

"I think you are getting enough Guardian points now. Besides, if we're at peace, why would I need protection?"

"I want to bring her to Bellgard. Can you imagine her here? She would be in shock."

I smiled. "I'd love to see her reaction."

"My mom is going to like her. Mom is a spitfire, too. I think they will get along."

"I bet she is. The mother of six boys has to be really strong."

Henry's expression darkened. "What do you think it is going to be like when everyone we know is gone?"

"What is with all these questions?"

"Have you not thought of it?"

"We need to get through this first, then I'll worry about a long life." Tears welled in my eyes.

He put an arm around me. "Are you okay?"

Both Calvin and Liam turned around and walked toward me.

"Charlotte?" Calvin asked.

"I'm fine. I'm fine." I wiped my eyes with my arm. I hoped they got the hint that I didn't want to talk about it.

***

"You can tell me anything." Calvin's whisper was barely audible as we lay cuddled by the fire.

We'd made it back to the plains quickly, but we couldn't go farther without resting. My eyes were heavy, and I felt sleep pulling me under as soon as I lay down. All the stress and uncertainty was really wearing on me. Usually that was enough to keep me up, but physical exhaustion the magnitude of what I felt was pretty potent.

"I know." I did know it, but being able to trust someone was different from having to keep something from them for their own good.

"Then tell me what is wrong. What did the scroll say that has you so upset?"

"I'm not upset."

"Yes, you are. I can feel it. It is like you are trying to build a wall between us. I cannot let you do that. You are my other half, Charlotte. I need you to let me in." His tormented expression ate at me.

"I love you. That's all you need to know."

"As I love you, but there is more. Tell me."

I shook my head. "No."

"Walk with me?"

"Now? It's too late."

"Please. We need time alone. I will take the blankets, and if you are too tired, I will carry you back to the campsite."

"Okay." I got to my feet. How could I say no to such a simple request when he'd say yes to anything I asked?

Henry looked over from where he stood watch but didn't say anything as Calvin led me into the woods.

I leaned heavily into Calvin's side. "Where are we going?"

"You will see." He wrapped an arm around me.

I let him escort me through the dark woods until we reached a stream. "Is this...?"

"You remember it?"

"Of course. It's where you kissed me for the first time." I hadn't realized how close we were to where I'd first met Calvin.

"I still remember how it felt to connect with you. How I felt like I would never be whole again without you." He stopped in front of the rock we'd sat on that first day.

"If we only knew then..." I took a seat on the rock, and he sat next to me.

He inched closer to me. "If I had known how hard a road we would have, I would have probably whisked you away. I would have selfishly kept you to myself instead of sharing you with our people."

"I would have wanted that."

"It is better that we did not know then, is it not? Without us, Energo would have no hope."

I nodded. My exhaustion faded as I lost myself in memories.

"Let me kiss you, Charlotte. Let me kiss away that sadness."

"Please do. It's all I want."

He kissed my cheeks, my eyelids, my earlobes, and my neck.

I sighed, trying to savor every sensation caused by his lips on my skin.

As his lips explored me, so did his hands, and before long, I was undressed in his arms. We'd left the rock and had a blanket spread out near the water.

Calvin looked down at me. "It is freeing, is it not? Being naked together out here all alone?"

"I hadn't thought of it as freeing, but I do feel that way." I ran a hand down his chest.

"This is the memory I want to hold with me forever."

"Of tonight?"

"Of holding you, of watching the moonlight dance across your naked body."

I rested my head on his chest. "Promise me you'll live a happy life."

"Of course I will. Having you beside me makes me the happiest man alive."

"No matter what. You need to promise me."

"Why does it sound like you are saying goodbye?"

"I just love you."

"I love you, too." He kissed me gently.

I looked into his eyes. "Make love to me, Calvin."

"I have never been asked to do something I want more."

***

Sometime in the night, Calvin kept his word and carried me back to our camp. I don't remember dressing, but I also didn't remember the last time I'd slept so soundly.

I was ready to face Bellgard. I was ready to face the Source.

Chapter Eighteen

Samantha

Flying on a plane was an experience, but flying on a dragon was life-changing. The wind in my hair, adrenaline flowing through my veins, I felt alive in a way I'd never felt before, as if I'd been born to fly.

I leaned forward on the dragon, wanting to be part of the movement, not a mere passenger. I was barely aware of Kevin flying beside me, but when I did sneak a glance, he was smiling. At least he had overcome his fear. Fear did not wear well on him. He was a warrior, a Guardian. Bravery was an intricate part of who he was.

We reached the mountains, and I guided my dragon higher. I had no doubt that Blake would have guards searching the mountains for intruders. Intruders-as if I could ever intrude on Energo. I was my nation's daughter. Nothing could change that. It saddened me to no end to think about what Blake had done to such a beautiful place. We could not let him win.

"Stay alert," I called to Kevin as we passed into Energo. Part of me expected to be attacked, but we were high enough that very few men could hope to make a shot. The reality was that if Blake wanted us dead, we would be. The darkness in him was growing stronger by the minute.

"I will." Kevin grinned.

He really was having a good time. I knew we would have to return the dragons to Ollis, but I also knew I was not settling for this one experience. We would be borrowing them again sometime. Maybe if we paid a high enough price, we could keep them. I laughed at the thought. Where would we keep dragons? Then another thought hit me. If I united with Kevin, we would be entitled to live in the castle. He was a Winthrop. If there was any place in Energo to keep dragons, it was Bellgard. What a thought. Living in the castle with pet dragons in the stables outside. I laughed again, and it felt good. Things had been so tense over the past few days.

I directed the dragon toward the fern grotto. I was not sure where we were going to land, but my biggest fear was that the Resistance would mistake us as enemies and try to attack. We needed to be careful with our entrance. As we drew closer, I called to Kevin, "Be careful. No sudden movements. We will not get the usual welcome."

He nodded. "I'll let you lead then. You're usually better with things like this."

"I am glad you acknowledge my superiority."

"Only on this... not everything."

"Yes, there are things you are very good at."

He did not say anything else. Sometimes Kevin could be very smart.

As expected, the Resistance waited for us on high alert. We landed in the clearing between the fern grotto and the caves. Noticing the swords and spears pointed toward us, the dragons tensed. This probably made them seem even more frightening. I hoped Ollis was right and they could control their fire. The ride back was fantastic, but creating a fire or hurting a single member of the Resistance was an unacceptable outcome.

"It is us!" I jumped down and called to the men. "It is just us!"

"Samantha?" Lawson took a few steps toward me. "Where did you get such beasts?" He eyed the dragons skeptically, as though waiting for them to attack.

Kevin hopped down and joined me. "Oh, you know, we just picked them up along the way."

"Kevin!" Emma ran over and embraced her son. Tears spilled down her face.

"Hey, Mom. Where's Charlotte?" Kevin looked over his mother's shoulder.

"She isn't back yet." She didn't bother to hide her nerves. We all expected Charlotte to beat us back by several days. She was only traveling a short distance.

Kevin placed a hand on his mother's arm. "Have you heard from them at all?"

"They sent a message to have someone pick up their horses a few days ago. They'd left them in the Sutani desert."

Kevin took a single step back from his mother. Any signs of his good humor were gone. "What were they doing there? That's completely out of the way."

"We don't know. Calvin sent only a brief note. He was probably afraid the message would get intercepted."

Kevin inhaled deeply. I could tell he was desperately trying to hold it together.

I walked over and took his hand. "She is with three Guardians. They are keeping her safe."

He gripped my hand tightly. "But she should be back."

"Not if they went through the desert. Whatever she found at Ruth's led them somewhere else."

"So what now? We can't just wait here."

"I do not see another choice." I wished I had more soothing words to offer him, but I was at a loss. Charlotte getting held up was a possibility we had not seriously considered.

Emma looked over at where the dragons stood waiting. "Where are the others? Monty, your father, Talen?"

Kevin blanched.

I was not sure if he could answer, so I said, "We do not know."

"What does that mean?" Emma looked me straight in the eyes. "Did you get separated out there?"

I glanced at Kevin. I knew holding back any of the truth would only make things worse. "There was an incident. We were caught in a storm, and Kevin and I were separate from the rest. They were taken."

"Taken? By whom?"

"Do you think we know?" Kevin snapped. That was out of character for him. He was usually so polite to his mother.

"I can't imagine they would be easy to take. And why weren't you with them. Where were you?"

I swallowed. "We could only get a few motel rooms. We were upstairs."

"Together? You were in a motel room together?"

Any other time, I might have been embarrassed by the insinuation, but it was nothing compared to the greater problems we faced. "Yes. I felt safer with Kevin at my side."

Emma suddenly smiled. "I'm glad my son makes you feel safe. I hope he treated you like the gentleman he was raised to be."

Kevin groaned. "Mom."

"I'm just saying... but that's beside the point. You have no idea where they were taken?"

"We found blood." Kevin looked down at the ground.

"Blood? Whose?"

"We don't know, but Dad left his car keys with it."

"If he left his keys, he still had his faculties. We have to assume they're okay." She sounded as though she was trying to convince herself.

"I've been tricked before. I'm not believing anyone's dead unless I see a body." Kevin appeared to regret the words as soon as he said them. It was not his mother's fault he had suffered such a traumatic experience. "Kevin, we need to tell her about the dreams."

"Dreams?" Emma crossed her arms over her chest. I am sure she was chilled by the news that her loved ones were missing.

"Yes. Maybe you can help. You are the former Essence."

"Let's talk." She gestured for me to walk inside the cave with her. "Kevin, please take care of the animals."

"Uh, sure." He looked at me to make sure I was okay with the arrangement. I nodded.

I followed Emma inside, and we sat at the one large table.

She turned her chair to look at me. "Please tell me about the dreams."

"I started feeling different when I entered the lost world. It was like deja vu. I was drawn to Charlotte's cello, and I remembered your back garden somehow. I also had this recurring dream that felt like a flashback."

"Your father loved the cello."

"My father?"

"Yes. Did you know he was from the lost world?"

My chest clenched. "What? No. He was of Energo."

She shook her head. "No, he wasn't. But that isn't a bad thing."

"How is that possible? What brought him here then?"

She took my hand. "Love."

"My mom?"

"Yes. I knew your mother well. She was my tutor. She loved exploring, and she was the one who showed me the gateway to the lost world for the first time. That's how I knew where to go." She paused for a moment as if lost in thought. "Your father worked with my husband's father. He was basically an apprentice in his law firm."

I nodded, needing to hear more. Percy had told me almost nothing about my parents.

"Stan's father was convinced something lay beyond the old gate in his yard, and after finding a key, he ventured through it. He nearly drove himself mad trying to figure out Energo. That's why Stan was so quick to believe me when we met." She smiled.

"But my dad? Stan's father took him in?"

"Yes. He met your mother, and that was it. He never returned. He's the one who gave me the key. That's how I was able to escape."

"Is that why... is that why Blake singled them out?"

She squeezed my hand. "Your parents were good people. Wonderful people. I assume your memories were triggered because part of your father is in you. The Source has a way of doing that sometimes."

"This is a lot to take in."

"Do you think you might tell me what you dreamed?"

I braced myself. "This will not be easy for you."

"That is fine. I need to hear it."

"It was of your Gerard's death."

She inhaled sharply.

I decided to push on with the narration. It would do no one good to drag it out. "I watched it happen. There were two other men there, not just one."

Her expression appeared emotionless. "Blake didn't act alone."

"Someone else was with him." I hated telling her a truth that might destroy her.

Just as I was about to explain, Kevin walked in and placed a hand on my shoulder. "The animals are fine."

Emma ignored him. "Go on, Samantha. Please tell me."

"It was Monty. He was there."

"No." She shook her head vehemently. "That's not possible."

"It was him. I did not see who drew blood, but-"

"You say the dream felt like a flashback. Where were you? How were you watching it?"

"I was looking at it from a distance somehow."

"Like you were hiding?"

I shrugged. "Maybe."

"How clear is the dream?"

"Clear on the action but blurry everywhere else."

Emma wrapped her arms around her middle. "That is not a flashback. It is impossible. You are only a year older than Kevin. You would have been an infant. You couldn't possibly remember... but it is a true memory."

"We don't know that. You just said she would have been too young to remember." Kevin kneeled at her side.

"We do..." She placed her hands in her lap. "That does not mean he killed him. It does not mean he helped Blake. There has to be an explanation."

Kevin put a hand on her shoulder. "I know, but why didn't he tell us, or at least you."

"I need to talk to Theodore."

The mention of Theodore surprised me. "You think your other brother had something to do with it, too?"

"No. But he was always with Blake..."

"Should I get him?" I asked.

"No. Please stay to talk."

"I'll go look, Mom." Kevin hesitated for a moment before walking off.

Emma watched him go then turned back to me. "Clearly, my mind went right to Monty's presence, but I will explain why you had the dream."

I already had an idea. "It is my dad. You said I have part of him in me."

"Yes. The Source chose to give you some of his memories. But that meant he was there that day."

I gasped. "You do not mean that he was involved, too?"

She shook her head. "No, but he witnessed it. Blake must have found out."

"My parents were killed within months of you leaving..."

"Exactly. Blake knew your father witnessed it."

Theodore, Emma's older brother, took a seat across from her at the table. "Emma? You wanted to speak with me?" He looked a lot like Monty, just older. Like all Guardians, his aging had slowed, but he looked closer to forty than Monty's thirty.

Kevin sat next to me. He took my hand, and I soaked up the strength he had to offer.

"The day... the day my Gerard... the day he died." Emma stopped. Even close to twenty years later, the emotion was raw. "Where were you? Where was Monty?"

"What do you mean? I was at the castle."

"And Monty?"

Theodore shifted in his seat nervously. "I do not know. He disappeared for a while. I assumed he was out roaming as usual. You know how he did that sometimes."

"Would it be impossible to believe he was with Blake?" Emma crossed her legs.

"What? What are you suggesting? Monty was the one who supported you the most after what happened."

"Because you didn't believe me."

"Emma, I have apologized as heartfelt as-"

"I know. That is not the point. Monty supported me because he knew my feeling was right. He knew Blake killed my Gerard."

"Why would you think that? What would give you that idea?"

"I know it. That is enough."

I sighed with relief. I did not want anyone else knowing about the dream or the accusation it contained.

A look of understanding crossed Theodore's face. "Blake wanted a safety net. He wanted a witness, someone to tell people that he had been made the new Gerard."

"But he wasn't. Blake was never my Gerard. I never felt anything for him. I would have known if he were meant to be my Gerard."

Theodore nodded. "And his sword never turned blue."

"But Monty didn't back him up, right?" Kevin jumped in.

"No, he didn't. And then Blake threatened to have Monty jailed. Monty was the one who told me to run. He said we had no time."

Theodore stood and started pacing. "Blake said he had proof he did not do it." He let out a small gasp. "Blake was going to pin it on Monty if you still did not believe the skirmish story. He would have sentenced him to death and taken his place next to you."

"Or he would have offered me a choice. Blake liked offering choices." Emma seemed lost in thought.

"It sounds like you knew him well." I had not meant to let the words slip out. I was too tired to filter properly.

"I did." Emma's face hardened. "But that is not something we will discuss. Monty knew what was coming. He went with Blake because he wanted his acceptance. Theodore and Blake always left him out."

Theodore groaned lightly. "Because he was younger. It was only natural."

"If he'd only told me.... what a weight to bear for so many years." Tears slid down Emma's face again.

I held back any further comments. I felt as though I was listening in on a conversation I had no right to, even if I was the one who had dreamed the scene.

Emma looked pensive. "There had to be a reason we were supposed to discover the truth. The Source always has a plan."

"How did you find out?" Theodore asked.

"It does not matter. But it all had a purpose."

"You." I pointed at Emma. "It was you."

"What do you mean?" Theodore asked.

"Aside from the Onyx and scroll, we still need to get to Blake. We know his weakness."

"It's me. I'm his weakness," Emma said passionately. She understood where my thoughts were going.

Theodore sat up straighter. "He was always in love with you."

Kevin mumbled something.

"What?" Emma asked her son.

He cleared his throat. "But he locked you up for years. He might love you, but he's crazy."

"But he's still going to pay attention to what I do."

Theodore stopped in front of her. "You cannot mean to put yourself in danger, Emma."

"We are all putting ourselves in danger. My daughter is still out there. My husband and our brother are missing. Surely I can afford to put myself on the line when I may have caused all of this."

Theodore leaned over her. "You did not cause anything."

Emma rested her hand on the worn wooden tabletop. "The past is the past. We need to focus on the future."

"So we wait another day for Charlotte?" I asked.

Emma leaned back in her chair. "Yes. We wait... but not for long."

Chapter Nineteen

Kevin

We left Mom and Theodore talking and walked outside to get some air. I needed a break, and I was grateful that Samantha had come with me. "You're older than me."

"So? Does that matter?" She watched the dragons fly off to hunt for food. I'd been worried the dragons were leaving, but Samantha seemed pretty confident that they'd be back.

"No. I just assumed we were the same age. I've never dated an older girl before."

"Kevin."

"Yes?"

"I am a year older than you. That is not much."

I smiled. "You're robbing the cradle. Completely robbing the cradle."

"If you are uncomfortable with it..."

"Not uncomfortable at all." I moved to sit next to her on a rock. "Very comfortable with it."

"I cannot believe my mom united with a man from the lost world. I always imagined they grew up together."

"Maybe the women in your family have a thing for exotic men." I wriggled my eyebrows.

"You are an Energo man. You just did not realize it." A look crossed her face that made me wonder if she actually believed what she was saying.

I laughed. "All right. Well, you're exotic then."

"I like knowing I have some of my father's memories in me." She looked wistful. "It is like I know him a little now."

"It sounds like he was a pretty cool guy. Moving to another world and all."

"I wonder why Percy never told me any of that." Percy, Ruth's Gerard, had raised Samantha from a young age. Samantha never talked about his death, but it had to have been hard on her.

"Most likely Ruth told him not to. The Source probably didn't want you to know until the time was right."

"You say it so much more naturally now."

"What?"

"The Source. You really believe in it now."

"How could I not?" My arm brushed against hers. "I've been living it."

"I cannot imagine life without it."

I thought about that for a second. "I think it was always there for me. It's kind of like fate or destiny or something like that."

"But the Source is more."

I tried to come up with a comparison. "It's your religion."

"Religion?"

"You know what? Never mind." My parents always warned me about discussing religion and politics. It wasn't worth it.

"The Source is what guides us. I used to doubt it. My life seemed empty. I do not doubt it anymore." The way she looked at me had me struggling for air. The look said so much more than the words 'I love you'.

"What does it mean to unite?"

"I thought we had to wait until we were done before I told you?"

"I want to know."

"It is a ceremony. We bind ourselves as a partnership for life."

"Who does the ceremony? Like who presides?"

"An elder. I always thought Percy would do mine if I ever met someone. Now I do not know."

"We can worry about that later."

"Yes, we can."

I kissed her. It wasn't a passionate kiss, it was light, but intense in its own way. We'd been through so much together, and I knew I never wanted us to be apart. We may have been from different worlds, but we were so alike. I sensed that she needed me as much as I needed her, and I liked it. I wanted things to always be equal with us.

She broke the kiss and rested her head on my chest. "If we make it through all this, will you live in Bellgard?"

"That depends."

"On?"

"Where do you want to live?"

"With you."

"Yeah, that's my answer, too."

"And I was right." She pointed at the distant outlines of the dragons. They were coming back.

"I guess you were." I watched her. Her eyes were so big. "You want to keep them, don't you?"

She smiled. "Am I that obvious?"

I laughed. "Just a little."

"Do you think we can?"

"Keep them?" I pulled on a thread that had come loose from her shirt. She'd already changed back into her usual Energo clothes. I liked that she was more comfortable that way. She wasn't trying to be anyone else.

"Yes. You think we can convince Ollis?"

"Yeah. I think we can."

She took the tiny thread from me and tied it into little knots. She had some seriously good fine motor coordination. "We could do some great traveling with them."

"I'd like that. There are so many nations to see."

She smiled that breathtaking smile of hers. "I cannot wait."

"Just remember all of these plans when things get crazy. Don't give up, and don't get hurt."

"We will have the chance, Kevin. We are going to make it."

"I love so much about you, but your conviction is pretty high up there."

"I will stay positive then." She stood up. "Let us get the dragons settled. We should probably get some rest."

"Do you think Charlotte will make it back tonight?"

"No, but not because she is hurt. Calvin knows better than to travel too great a distance at night. Blake has the undead on his side. They would have the advantage in the dark."

"The undead... how could I forget?"

"I hope that is a joke."

I just smiled.

***

I was far too worried to actually fall asleep that night. I played it cool with everyone else, but my mind raced with the possibilities of what could have happened to Charlotte. After hours of lying awake, I bolted from my bed when I heard a commotion outside. I grabbed my sword and ran out of the cave.

Calvin held Charlotte in his arms. She was shivering even though wrapped up in a blanket. I pulled her from him, not really thinking about whether I had the right to that anymore. Energo customs didn't matter when it came to my sister.

"What happened?" I barked.

Calvin kept his eyes on Charlotte's face. "She walked into the river."

"What? How did she walk into a river?"

"She was sleepwalking. I do not know what happened." Calvin stepped toward me. "I woke up quickly, and Henry was on watch, but he was patrolling the area around our camp, and he didn't grab her fast enough."

The agonized look on his face forced me to calm down. He had tried his best to take care of her.

She opened her eyes. "I'm fine."

I let out a sigh of relief but then wondered if she'd been awake the whole time. "Were you trying to torture me?"

"You can put me down. I just need to find dry clothes."

I set her down. "Sleepwalking? When did you start sleepwalking?"

"I think this is the first time." She wrapped the blanket tighter around her.

Mom walked out of the cave. "Charlotte?" They hugged. "Why are you all wet? What happened?"

I touched the damp spot on my shirt from Charlotte's hair. "Apparently, Charlotte sleepwalks now."

"What?" Mom released Charlotte from the hug. "Did you open up your mind?"

Charlotte shook her head. "No. I just remember falling asleep and then Calvin shaking me awake."

Mom sighed. "I don't know for sure, but I would assume it was Blake."

"What trying to get her to drown herself?" I asked.

Mom nodded. "His abilities are more powerful than any of us understand."

"Mom?" Charlotte said. "Can we find me clothes? I'm freezing."

I grinned at her. Charlotte knew what she was doing. Mom needed an excuse to do what she did best-mother.

Mom put an arm around Charlotte. "Let's see what we can find."

***

We weren't a big group. There were only seven of us. I was with Henry, Liam, Calvin, Theodore, Lawson, and Charlotte. Samantha and another group that included Mom hung back with the dragons. The third and largest group of the Resistance was supposed to be moving in quietly right behind us. Even though I'd rather have had Samantha with us, it was the smart move. Besides, those dragons would protect her far better than I could.

"Do you think you'll be able to get me to the cathedral?" Charlotte asked again. She seemed so calm and collected, but she wanted to run through the plan a million times.

"Yes. We'll cover you. I have no idea what's waiting for us inside, but the number one goal is to get you inside the cathedral."

She nodded. "Just tell me when to create the distraction."

We had decided to enter on the west side of Bellgard. From what we could tell, that side was guarded almost entirely by the undead. Zombies were scary, but at least we knew their weakness.

"How many do you think there are?" Henry asked. His eyes were fixed on the dark sky. It looked like a storm was brewing. I had a feeling it wasn't just a rainstorm.

"Expect thousands." Theodore stood beside me. I still didn't know that uncle well, and I couldn't tell what was going through his head.

"Let's do this." Liam gritted his teeth. I knew he wasn't planning to leave Charlotte's side for a second. I was glad.

The forest cover crept up close to the outer wall, providing us with coverage from discovery. Theodore and I scaled the wall first. I jumped down on the surprised humans that were guarding. Evidently, it wasn't just the undead. I took out the humans first, knocking them out with the hilt of my sword rather than killing them. I saw the rows of undead moving toward us, and my stomach dropped. "Charlotte, it's show time."

Within seconds, the entire area was covered in a thick haze. The zombies rushed back and forth like chickens without their heads.

"All right, everyone. Move!" I yelled, assuming my voice would carry back over the wall.

Calvin and Liam climbed the wall with Charlotte, and Henry and Lawson followed behind them. The zombies were confused, but that didn't stop them from coming near us.

One moved to grab me, and I cut off its head. The head rolled across the ground with dark blood oozing out of it. Charlotte gasped. I couldn't blame her. It was a disgusting sight.

We made our way through the city. I knew that it was only a matter of time before the real army showed up, but if we had any luck on our side, Charlotte and her Guardians-minus me-would already be in the cathedral by that point.

I killed, or rather re-killed, a half-dozen zombies on our way over to the large stone building. I didn't relax for a second. I knew that as soon as I put my guard down, we'd be attacked again.

"Duck!" Lawson called.

I immediately bent over and watched a zombie head roll past me. Without the warning, it might have been my head rolling instead. We reached the cathedral and closed the door behind us. Theodore and Lawson stood guard at the door so I could talk to Charlotte.

"How long do you need?" I hoped Charlotte finally had an answer. The Onyx was burning a hole in my pocket, and I just wanted the whole mess over with.

"I don't know. I don't exactly have anything to compare it to."

"We will knock when we are ready. If we run out of time, you knock." Calvin always explained things so simply.

I hugged Charlotte, well aware that I was probably getting zombie guts on her. She didn't seem to care. She was a far cry from the girl she had been a year before.

As soon as the doors closed behind us, I heard them barring it. We'd left Charlotte, Liam, Henry, and Calvin inside. I also heard shouts and knew a whole new wave of Blake's men, zombies and otherwise, were on the way. I hoped Samantha and the rest of them got to Bellgard on time.

Theodore, Lawson, and I jumped up on the wall to get the lay of the land. What we saw wasn't pretty. The streets were littered with zombies and men, and Charlotte's haze was dissipating. I knew it wasn't her doing. Blake had the power to stop it.

I looked into the darkness outside the city and saw nothing, not even the smallest sign of the dragons. Either they were doing a terrific job hiding, or we were in big trouble.

Lawson walked along the wall, and I followed until we were back around the other side of the cathedral. We got there just as Mom jumped up on the wall.

Mom patted my shoulder. "Good job, Kevin. Now it's my turn."

"What do we need to do? Where is everyone else?"

"They're coming, and it's the opposite of before. We want Blake's attention."

"I think we already have it." I pointed as a sea of zombies parted to let Blake pass.

Blake stopped just below us. "Emma. To what do I owe this honor?"

"As if you don't know."

"I see you have adopted their way of speech. What a shame."

"Why are you doing this? Haven't you taken things too far?"

"No!"

Mom grabbed a hold of my arm. I wasn't sure if she was doing it to protect me, or to anchor herself. "What happened to you? When did everything change?"

She was doing a great job of stalling him. I had no idea how much time Charlotte needed, but this was buying us some time. As long as his attention was on Mom, he probably wasn't messing with Charlotte's head.

"You made your decision, and I made mine."

"Why is everything so black and white for you? Isn't there a middle ground?"

"Middle ground? You chose to turn your back on me. Worse, you took up with a man of their kind, and gave birth to a half-breed Essence."

"Half-breed? You son of a bitch." I itched to punch him.

Blake laughed. "Sorry, my mistake. You gave birth to two half-breeds. How can I just sit back and watch them destroy our world?"

Mom stared him down. "Destroy our world? The only one doing that is you."

"Stop stalling, Emma. You have lost. It is time to face the music." Without turning around, Blake directed his men. "Attack!"

I pushed Mom's arm to get her attention as several arrows flew toward us. I hoped she'd understand she needed to duck. She did, but she also lost her balance. Instead of falling, she was caught by my father, who must have scaled the wall while we talked to Blake.

Another volley of arrows headed toward us, and we jumped off the wall. I unsheathed my sword again, ready for more of Blake's undead army. I went to cut off another head, but someone beat me to it.

Monty grinned.

"Where did you come from?" I asked, still shocked to see Monty and Dad.

"No time!" Monty yelled before cutting off a zombie's head.

Chapter Twenty

Charlotte

"I need to be in the water." That much was obvious as soon as I walked into the cathedral. My connection to the Source was always strongest when I was directly touching water. I might have been connected to all of the natural elements, but water gave me the most direct route. Water also gave me the most power.

"Like submerged?" Liam seemed apprehensive.

"I think I'm supposed to walk into the waterfall, and I'm guessing the Source will take over from there." I really wasn't positive, but I assumed that the Source wasn't going to let me drown while we spoke. Theoretically, the Source could also give me the temporary ability to breathe underwater, but hopefully, the Source realized my Guard wasn't going to be okay with that.

Calvin pulled me into his arms. "I know you believe you need to do this, and I do not doubt you. But please be careful."

"I will." I moved into the flowing water. The last time I'd stepped in the river, I'd found out Calvin was my Gerard.

I took a few more steps directly into the spray of the waterfall. At first, the pressure from the water made it hard to stand up straight, but then warmth cocooned me while I experienced a prickly sensation in my arms and legs. Strangely, I wasn't scared. I closed my eyes, and I was no longer aware of the water pouring down on me.

Charlotte. My name came out silkily, in my head and outside of my head all at once. It was as if my entire body was covered in the sound. I could feel every vibration.

Are you the Source? My words sounded as if I was shouting, but I was pretty sure I didn't say anything out loud.

What do you believe?

I don't know. How was that for honesty?

It laughed. I say it, because despite the volume, I couldn't tell if it was male or female. You are unique among Essences.

Is that good or bad?

Both. Your unique position was the only way. Your uniqueness is what will save society.

Because that isn't a heavy burden.

Did you believe being an Essence would be easy?

I didn't choose to be one. I didn't even know what one was until a little over a year ago.

Would you have it any other way?

My head felt cold, and then suddenly every significant moment since stepping through the gate played in my mind like a movie:

The first moment in the garden, meeting Calvin, our first kiss, Bellgard, my introduction to the Guard, our ceremony, the heart wrenching agony of leaving, getting Mom back, Liam becoming a Guardian, my kiss with Liam, and more Calvin. Lots of Calvin, including two recent memories I should have been embarrassed to be sharing. I wasn't because I knew with unwavering certainty that the Source already knew. It knew everything.

The cold dissipated.

You visited the scroll. You know the words.

Yes. I know what to do.

Do you? Do you truly understand?

Are you purposely trying to confuse me?

No. Remember that nothing is as simple as it looks.

What looks simple? Nothing in my life is simple anymore.

What does love mean to you?

Love?

What comes to your head when I say that?

Two names.

Which one first?

What does it matter? They come together, in one rushed line.

You are angry?

Yes. I couldn't lie. You gave me so much-too much. It only makes it hurt more.

Hurt is not always a bad thing.

It isn't?

How can you know true happiness if you do not know pain and agony?

I shuddered. Isn't there a middle ground? Like happiness and only some agony?

You really are unique, Charlotte.

What do I need to know? How do I do this?

You need to find the Source.

You are the Source.

I am the voice of the Source.

I'm so confused.

You will find the answer. At the Source, the sacrifice must be made at the exact moment when the Onyx is placed in the water with the darkness.

Oh, yeah. That clears everything up.

Find the Source and find your strength. Energo needs you.

Huh? That doesn't help either.

Nothing. No response at all. It felt cold again, but worse than before. Then in a flash, I was filled with all sorts of information. It hurt, as if someone were jabbing me with something sharp. My head throbbed, and I couldn't make sense of anything. Then, as quickly as it started, the pain disappeared.

Hello? I asked.

No answer.

Chapter Twenty-One

Liam

Charlotte stood in the pounding water of the waterfall. The steady flow had sped up as soon as she stepped under it. What should have been strong enough to knock her over somehow didn't seem to affect her. Her long brown hair lay wet down her back, and for a second, I had a flashback to the not-so-peaceful body I'd seen in Ruth's town. That memory made me want to scoop up Charlotte and hold her. I couldn't stand the thought of something happening to her-I wouldn't let it.

"She is very important to you." Calvin's comment surprised me.

I tore my eyes away from Charlotte. "Of course she is."

"You love her." It was a statement and not a question.

"Yes. I have for a long time."

"Would you do anything for her? Take care of her no matter what?"

"Of course I would."

"She is going to need you. I can only do what must be done if I know you will be there."

"What must be done? What are you talking about?" I glanced back at Charlotte before returning my gaze to Calvin.

"I am going to do something that will look rash, but know that if I did not do it, she would be the one."

"You're not making any sense."

"It does not matter. When the time comes, I need to know you will do everything it takes to protect her." He put a hand on my shoulder. "You will know when that time is."

I nodded. "I would give anything for her, even my life."

He let out a deep breath and dropped his hand. "That is why you belong on her Guard." He walked around me and closer to Charlotte. He reached out a hand and then stopped. He obviously wanted the same thing I did-to hold her, to make sure she was okay.

If things were different, I might have actually liked Calvin. He was genuine and dedicated to what he believed in. He was the kind of person you wanted on your side. But he was what kept Charlotte from me. I had to be with her. I never imagined I'd fall in love like that, but once I had, there was no turning back.

"How much time do we have?" I kept expecting the door to burst open. Things were almost too quiet.

"I do not know. I hope Charlotte returns in time." Calvin kneeled next to the water as though he was ready to jump in. "I am afraid of what will happen if we try to force her back before she is ready."

"Return? Like she's really not here anymore?"

"I would expect it is an out-of-body experience. The Source does not communicate or truly exist on our plane."

I eyed him skeptically. "This sounds way too much like The Matrix."

Henry laughed. "I watched that movie. Interesting concept."

Calvin stood up. "Sometimes I forget you spent so much time in the lost world."

Henry shrugged. "Just a year."

Calvin turned to me. "What is she like back there? Is she different?"

I selected my words carefully. "To be honest, she was miserable without you. She was only a shell of how she used to be."

"But she relied on you. You two were close."

Uncomfortable with the direction of the conversation, I shifted my weight. "Yeah, because she needed someone to lean on."

"She did not lean on me the way she leaned on you." Henry surprised me. Usually he was so careful about what he said. Maybe the seriousness of our situation made him more open.

"She came to me when she was upset, but she also felt guilty about it." She didn't need to. I liked being the one she turned to for support.

Calvin smiled slightly. "She did not need to feel guilty. I would never hold it against her. I love her more than anything."

"I know." Despite how much I wished it weren't true, it was. That did nothing to lessen my jealousy or my need.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Charlotte

I slowly became aware of my body again as I was pulled from the water.

"Charlotte!"

"Calvin?" My mind struggled to make sense of all of the new information. I felt as though an entire textbook on being an Essence had been inserted into my brain. After a few more seconds, the sensation disappeared, and I felt normal again. "How long was I in there?"

"Not long, but it was scary enough. Did you get the information we need?"

"Kind of."

"What does that mean?" Henry asked.

"I need to find the Source."

"Didn't you just talk to the Source?" Liam asked.

"It said the actual... wait. That's it. The other Source. Calvin, where is the source of this waterfall?"

He took off his shirt and tried to use it to dry me off. "At the top of the mountain. It is not part of any other river. It starts at the top of the mountain and flows through the city. It is said the water is so connected to the Source because it comes from it directly."

"It does." I was positive. "I need to get up there. I have to find the source."

Calvin nodded. "We can make it up there."

I refused to look any of them in the eye. "I have to go alone."

"No. Liam and I will go with you." Calvin said it with such determination, but why would he say both him and Liam? Why not just him?

"I can do this alone."

Calvin took both my hands in his. "This is not a matter of ability. We will not allow you to go alone."

"I need to find Kevin first. I need to give him instructions."

"So you know what to do with the Onyx?" Liam asked.

"I do. The challenge is going to be timing everything right."

"We have not heard from Kevin yet, but that is good news. We feared you would run out of time." Calvin pulled me into his arms, and I enjoyed the way his hands stroked my back.

"I need to get a message to him."

"I can do it." Henry sounded so adult. I guessed we all did by that point.

"We need to set up a signal. He'll have to put the Onyx on Blake while Blake is submerged in the river. But it has to be done at exactly the right moment."

"We do need a signal," Liam said. "But what can carry that far?"

"Can you still do that weird bird call you used to do?" I remembered Liam annoying all the neighborhood dogs with it when we were kids.

He nodded. "Yeah, I can still do it."

"Henry, tell Kevin what I just told you. He needs to get Blake in the river with the Onyx pressed against him. He has to wait until he hears Liam's annoying sound. He'll get it."

Liam raised an eyebrow. "Annoying sound?"

"Don't argue with me now."

Liam smiled slightly. "Okay."

"I will get him the message." Henry bowed his head as though he were going off on his final mission.

I prayed he wasn't, but I realized death was always a possibility. We had no idea what was waiting for us out there.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Kevin

We were out of time. Our swords were no match for the swarms of zombies around us. Samantha and Tomas should have been there with the dragons. We were relying on them to get Charlotte out. I didn't have the chance to check my watch, but I knew too much time had passed.

"Where are they?" I asked Monty when he was within shouting distance.

Monty cut off two more zombie heads on his way over to me. "They'll be here. Your parents are supposed to give them the signal."

"What happened to you? How did you make it back?" I was definitely getting used to killing the undead when I could make conversation while doing it. Too bad every time I killed one, another stepped up to take its place.

"Blake's men got us. We convinced them we were the only ones. Your dad was incredible. He even had a fake Onyx. Talen and his friends got us free."

"Yeah?" I readied my sword as another wave of zombies circled us. "Talen found his buddies?"

Monty laughed. "Yes, Kevin, he found the other Arcos Stan knows."

There was so much more to say. I wanted to ask him about witnessing the murder and hiding it from Mom, but it definitely wasn't the right time.

Monty pointed up at the sky. "Here we go."

I looked up to see the dragons circling. "What's the plan?"

"We lead these undead scum outside the city walls and then let the dragons do their thing."

A light bulb went on in my mind, and it all fit. "Fire."

"Yes. We cannot allow them to use it within the city. They'd destroy the place."

"Damn." One of the zombies got in a jab while I was distracted. He hit me right in my rib cage, and from the feel of it, the wound was deep. I thanked him by cutting off his arm and head. I decided to hide the pain. If Monty knew I was injured, he might do something stupid. "How do we do it? We can't exactly walk out through the gates, can we?"

Monty grinned. "Sure we can."

I followed his gaze in time to see the gates to the city open. "Who?"

"Your dad." He started walking backward, glancing over his shoulder. "Time to lead the cattle out."

We moved toward the gate. I hoped that no one was bothering Charlotte, but I had to trust that Samantha and Tomas were monitoring that from the air. Keeping Charlotte safe was in everyone's best interests. Eventually, we reached the gates and met up with some serious amounts of reinforcements. And not just the Resistance. Thousands of other men stood waiting for the zombies, who filed out of the city as if in a parade.

We led them out toward the plains, hoping to avoid any living casualties. When we were satisfied we were far enough from Bellgard, we took any shelter we could find while still fighting off the zombies. Finally, the dragons swooped in. Their nostrils widened as liquid fire sprayed out.

The temperature rose at least ten degrees as the entire grassy field was set ablaze. The sight, sound, and smell of burning zombies made bile rise in my throat. It was all worth it, though. We just needed to keep the rest of our people safe.

Huddled behind some rocks, I finally let myself take a look at the gash in my side. I ripped a long strip off my shirt. I just needed to slow the bleeding long enough to take care of Blake. I glanced up, hoping Samantha was okay. Who the hell knew what happened to a dragon when it breathed fire?

***

Henry found me as I made my way back toward the city. "Kevin!"

"Henry? Where's Charlotte? Why aren't you with her?"

"She is fine. I have a message."

I listened as Henry explained how I was supposed to submerge Blake in water with the Onyx. I had to laugh when he mentioned Liam's annoying sound. That was a blast from the past.

"So we actually need to hunt down Blake," I said. It still felt strange that we weren't running from him.

"I guess so. Charlotte made it sound easy, but I doubt it is going to be easy to hold Blake down."

"Me either, but we don't have a choice."

Monty appeared beside me. "We can do this."

"We're not using Mom to lure him out again."

"No, we're not. But we won't have to."

"What makes you think that?" I asked.

"Haven't you noticed something?"

I looked around. All the fires were out. "Wait. Blake put those out?"

"Well, it wasn't Charlotte, and I don't know anyone else with the power to do that."

We walked back toward the gate. I tried to ignore the ache in my side, grateful that the wound wasn't from a Guardian sword. That would have been far worse.

We found Blake easily. I expected him to behave like a coward, hiding behind his men, but he stood waiting for us by the gate. That couldn't be a good thing. He'd only do that if he was feeling particularly confident.

He sneered at me. "You look just like that pathetic father of yours."

I didn't even give him a response.

"I have to admit you are good with a sword, though. You have Winthrop in you for sure."

I tightened my grip on my sword. "What's your point?"

"I have an offer."

Monty grunted. "Don't play these games, Blake."

"No games. I am just going to offer him a choice."

"A choice?" I scoffed. "I don't want any choice you give me."

He laughed. "Even if it means saving yourself.... and your sister?"

"There's no way you'd do that. Charlotte and I stand in your way."

"Not necessarily. An Essence would be handy, particularly one who was on my side."

"You want Charlotte to be your Essence? Are you sick in the head? She's seventeen."

He made a face. "Do you think I care for what she can physically offer? That is nonsense. I want her power. Her pretty face will not bother me, but I do not care how little I see it other than when she works for me."

I took a step toward him. "There's no chance Charlotte would ever work with you."

Monty edged up next to me. "Joke's over, Blake."

"Are you sure about that, Kevin? I offer you and your sister a future. You do realize what the other option is..."

"Death. Yeah, except I'm not scared of you."

"You are not?" His lips curled into a cruel smile. "Yet you can barely stand with that wound. How do you expect to stop me?"

"I can stand fine." I'd hoped no one had noticed.

"I do not think so." Blake closed his eyes.

I felt a choking sensation. My eyes watered, and my hands went to my throat. Suddenly, Monty crashed into me, pushing me aside. I could breathe, but I would have traded my breath for what I saw. Sprawled on the ground, I watched Monty wriggling in agony as his body hung suspended in air.

"No!" I reached for my sword and threw it straight at Blake's chest.

With his eyes closed, Blake wasn't prepared for the attack, and he fell backward onto the cobblestone walkway. Monty's body crashed to the ground.

I ran over to my uncle. I panicked when I saw his blank eyes staring up at the sky. "Monty?"

No answer.

"Monty, please."

"He's dead." Henry stood immobile, watching in shock.

"No." I shook Monty's body, but there was still no response.

I spun around, looking for the man who had killed my uncle. Blake slowly stood, pulling my sword from his chest as if it were merely a splinter. He tossed the sword to the side and looked at me with an expression of pure satisfaction. I stepped toward him, still in shock. I grabbed Blake and slammed his head down on the rocky ground. I looked around. Hopefully, Charlotte was in place and ready to go. I dragged Blake over to the river, my anger and hurt giving me the strength I needed for the task.

Blake thrashed underneath me as I tried to keep him down in the water. He'd just killed my uncle, a man I'd loved my whole life. Monty may not have been perfect, but he had been a good man. I couldn't let Blake go. I couldn't let him hurt anyone else.

Blake cackled, his eyes turning a hazy gray. "You cannot do it. Even if you had the nerve, you cannot kill me."

"Yes, I can. We know what to do." Even as I said it, I worried. Charlotte seemed so sure of herself, so set, but she wouldn't tell anyone what she'd learned from the scroll.

"She does not have it in her."

"Of course she does. Charlotte can do anything." She'd proven herself as one of the strongest people I'd ever met.

"You do not know, do you? You do not know what she is supposed to do." He laughed louder.

I pushed him down farther into the water. He struggled, but I refused to give up. What was Blake talking about?

I waited for the signal. It felt like an eternity, but it was probably minutes. I pulled the Onyx out of my pocket and showed Blake. For the first time, I saw fear in his eyes. Finally, Liam made his call, and I pressed the Onyx onto Blake's chest. The water turned an inky black, then a surge of light temporarily blinded me, but I held the Onyx in place. Blake stopped fighting, and his body settled limply in the river.

"No!" Charlotte's scream broke through the air.

I let go and took off up the mountain.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Charlotte

I was ready to jump. I was ready to jump in the river and make the sacrifice the scroll had described. Giving my light to the river would cause a new Essence to be born, an Essence that could rule without the darkness of Blake.

I said my goodbyes silently, unwilling to tip off either Liam or Calvin to what I was about to do. I wanted to do more, to hold them both close to me, to tell them that they meant the world to me. I hoped that they'd understand my choice.

"Make the signal," I ordered Liam.

Instead of making the bird call, he held me back, wrapping his arms tightly around my waist from behind. I knew in that moment what was happening. Calvin had figured it out. His eyes said it all as his hand enveloped mine. I squeezed it, unwilling to let go of the man I loved. He let go and walked to the water.

I screamed, but Liam never loosened his hold. He made the bird call as Calvin dove into the river. The blinding light told me everything I needed to know-Calvin had given his light so I wouldn't have to give mine. The dark clouds began to part, and the water turned completely black before settling into a fluorescent hue.

I tried to follow him, but Liam still held me. He whispered something in my ear, but I didn't hear him. His words were drowned out by the endless beating of my heart. A heart breaking into a million pieces.

I finally broke away from Liam and ran to grab Calvin's body before it could disappear over the falls. His eyes were closed, and he almost looked as if he were sleeping.

Pain like I'd never imagined. That's the only way I can describe how I felt as I held Calvin's limp body in my arms. He was more than a friend, more than a lover, more than anything. He was part of me in a way I couldn't possibly find the words to express.

I heard voices behind me, then hands gripped me, but all that mattered was the body of the man who held my heart. He was still wet from the water. Black liquid dripped down his chest and soaked into my shirt. I concentrated, convinced I could find a way to make that water fix everything. I was the Essence; I should be able to do that. I just wasn't trying hard enough.

Eventually, the voices died down, the hands disappeared, and I was alone. I kept seeing his eyes-those beautiful green eyes that I'd do anything to see open again. How could I possibly go on without him?

It couldn't be over. I could still feel a strong sense of wholeness I shouldn't have felt. I remembered Mom telling me about when she'd lost her Gerard-about the numbness, the emptiness that never completely disappeared. I felt cold and lost, but there was still something making me feel strong. I shook him. He had to still be there.

"Charlotte."

I heard the voice but didn't understand the strange new pull.

"Charlotte, please."

The pleading got me in a place it shouldn't have-in a place that was only Calvin's-but the voice was Liam's. I turned to look at him, finally allowing Kevin and Henry to take Calvin's body from me. Calvin wasn't there-the body was just a shell. I knew that with complete certainty. I also realized that, in death, Calvin had given me not one gift but two. He'd given me my life, and he'd given me another chance at love.

Liam fell to his knees beside me and pulled me into his arms. "Charlotte."

My body should have resisted, should have hated another man holding me-but it didn't. It felt right. "How? Calvin knew, didn't he? He did this."

"He made me promise. He made me promise I'd always take care of you. I'd already made that promise to myself."

I gripped his shirt, noticing he'd already grown taller. The connection between us was undeniable. "You're my Gerard."

He nodded. "I'm not Calvin, and I never will be, but I swear to you, Charlotte, I will make you happy. We will be happy."

He cradled me against his chest as I cried. "I need time."

"You can have all the time you want. I've been in love with you for longer than I can remember, and I'll be in love with you until the day we die. I can give you space, I can give you time, I can give you everything."

Chapter Twenty-Five

Kevin

That wasn't what was supposed to happen. That wasn't the way it was supposed to work. Charlotte wasn't supposed to experience such crippling heartache. She wasn't supposed to look at me with those hollow eyes. I wanted to make it all go away, to start over and tell Dad we weren't moving back to Charleston. But as soon as I thought it, I knew I didn't mean it. Charlotte and I were born for our roles in Energo. The Source would have made sure we found our way there eventually. The other reason for discarding the thought was currently standing right next to me.

Samantha squeezed my hand. "She will be all right."

"I hope so."

"She has Liam. He is her true Gerard now. He is who she has always loved, and he loves her. They will find peace."

"I still can't believe... I can't believe she almost gave her own life."

"She was only doing what she believed was right. You would have done the same."

"No. I couldn't have done that to my family."

"Even if it meant saving them? That's what she was thinking. That's what Calvin was thinking when he took her place."

"I can't believe he's gone." I didn't mean Calvin, although his death wasn't a small one. Losing Monty hit me in a place I didn't think would ever heal. I'd spent my whole life looking up to him, and I hadn't even gotten to say goodbye.

She looked up at me. "It is okay to cry."

I nodded and lost it. I cried for Monty, for Calvin, for Percy, for Ruth, for everyone Blake had destroyed out of his relentless jealousy.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Charlotte

Three Weeks Later

My bed-Mom's old childhood bed-was my home for three weeks. Under the blue quilt, I could pretend the rest of the world didn't exist. I could wallow in my pity, my guilt, and my hatred for myself. Calvin had sacrificed himself for me. The least I could do was honor his memory. He may have made Liam my Gerard, but that didn't mean he really wanted us to be together. He was only trying to protect me, to give even more selflessly. He'd done all that, and I hadn't even been as good when he was alive. The memory of my kiss with Liam burned in my chest. Even if it had been the Source's doing, I was still a participant, and I'd enjoyed it. If Calvin knew of my plan, did he know about the kiss? Could he read me better than I could read him? Had he loved me enough to overlook it? These were questions I'd never have answers to. Whatever tipped Calvin off about the meaning of the scroll had caused his sacrifice. I cursed who or whatever told him.

Liam had come to see me several times, as had my parents and brother, but I couldn't handle seeing anyone yet. When I wasn't thinking about Calvin, I was thinking about Monty. I missed him so much. He'd been like a second father to me, such a large and constant part of my life, and he was gone. Losing two of the most important men in my life in a single day was too much. I didn't want to eat, but I discovered that if I ate one meal a day, everyone left me alone.

My door burst open, so I pulled the quilt over my head. "Go away."

"No!" Kevin tugged the quilt off the bed. "I will not go away."

I rolled over.

"Charlotte, this has to stop!" He threw open the curtains, flooding the room with sunlight.

"No! It doesn't." I started to cry again.

"You're acting like a spoiled brat, and I've had enough. Do you think the rest of us are happy about how things worked out? Do you think Mom's thrilled that her brother's dead? Do you think I'm jumping up and down? And Liam? How do you think he feels? He loves you so freaking much, yet you're freezing him out like he doesn't matter."

"I have nothing to offer anyone."

"Bullshit. What about James? You don't have anything to offer him?"

"Is he here?"

"His body is. Do you think he magically woke up?"

"I thought he would maybe... I don't know... since Blake is dead."

"No. But maybe you can do something now. Didn't you ask the Source?" He sat down on the bed next to me.

"Not directly, but I may have an idea." The mention of James had shocked me. I did know how to help him. Maybe someone's life could still be saved. I sat up. "Where is he?"

"In the great hall." Kevin looked triumphant. "Will you finally leave this room?"

I glanced around at the messy space. "Yes." I got out of bed and walked toward the door.

"Uh, Charlotte?"

"Yes?"

"You should probably clean up and change. We all love you, but you're pretty disgusting."

I picked up a shirt from the floor and threw it at him.

He easily caught it. "Your aim has improved." He tossed it back onto the floor and went to the door. "I'll see you downstairs." He closed the door behind him.

One glance in the mirror showed me I looked like hell. I had bathed the day before, but the dark circles under my eyes weren't going anywhere. I just splashed some cool water on my face and tied up my hair. I stripped off my nightgown and put on the first dress I found in the closet. It was light blue. That was all Mom used to wear.

I tentatively walked downstairs, not sure what kind of reaction would be waiting for me.

Liam met me at the bottom of the stairs. "Charlotte?" I'd felt his presence from upstairs, and I assumed he felt mine.

"Hi, Liam." I tried to hold myself back, but the pull was too much.

He took me into his arms. "Charlotte."

"I'm sorry." I was apologizing for everything, but mostly for hurting him over the past few weeks.

"I understand. Your mom thought you'd want to take things slow, that you wouldn't want everyone rushing up to you."

"She knows me well."

"Do you want to see James now?"

I rested my head on Liam's chest. "I want to see him, but we need to move him to the cathedral."

"The cathedral?"

"Yes, but Liam?"

"Yeah?"

I looked up at him. "Can someone else move him? I don't want to separate from you now."

He smiled. "Of course. Let's tell a guard."

Liam and I walked toward the cathedral, hand in hand. It felt so good to have his strong hand around mine. He'd always been a shoulder to cry on for me, but with Calvin's death, he had become so much more.

He stopped walking. "I have something for you."

I looked up at him. "You do?"

"This." He pulled a crystal heart out of his pocket. The trinket was made from the same iridescent crystal as the other pendants on my necklace. "I know it's probably getting heavy, but I wanted you to have one from me, and the heart seemed symbolic, because... well, you've always had my heart."

I leaned up and kissed him. He responded immediately, and it was like I could feel everything he was feeling. I could have kissed him forever, but it was time to save James. Liam held my hand as I pushed open the door to the cathedral.

My family waited for me inside. The last time I'd been in there, we were worried about someone barging in. That was no longer a concern. We'd taken back Bellgard.

"Dad!" I'd seen him briefly after Calvin and Monty had died, but I'd been in such a state of shock that his presence had barely registered.

I enjoyed the warmth of his hug before he pulled away slightly to give Mom a turn. He never actually let go, and it became more of a group hug.

"I'm proud of you," Mom said.

That surprised me. I'd expected her to say she was glad I was okay or something along those lines. "For what?"

"For having the strength to face the world again."

"I told you, we just had to force some sense into her." Kevin hugged me.

"You do realize that you are the only one who could ever get away with that, right?"

Kevin grinned. "Yeah, I definitely do."

"Glad you are back, Charlotte." Henry smiled nervously.

I knew he wouldn't hug me on his own accord, so I made the first move. I glanced over Henry's shoulder and noticed James lying on a cot.

I snapped back to reality. I had a job to do. I sorted through my new knowledge, hoping that my idea would work the way I thought it should.

I kneeled in front of the water basin and placed my hands in the flowing current. I closed my eyes and willed the current to slow until it was barely moving. Without looking, I knew that Mom and Liam were on either side of me. Their proximity gave me extra strength and confidence.

I opened my eyes. "Please bring James over and put him in the water."

Kevin put James in the water on top of my hands. I closed my eyes again and found my memory of when he'd jumped in front of me. I paused the memory long enough to figure out exactly what Blake had used against him. I reached inside myself to find energy. Only my energy would be strong enough. My experience with Blake had taught me the power of light-my light. The afterglow created by Calvin's sacrifice had infused the river with light. If I could tap into it and combine it with my own, I could reverse even the darkest curse.

I concentrated, trying to pull out the dark and replace it with light. I worked until I could barely hold on. I let go of him and fell back. I didn't fall far. Without opening my eyes, I knew I was in Liam's arms. I let myself fade out. Liam's energy would bring me back. I'd used almost all of my own energy, but it would recharge. Like everything else, I just needed time.

***

"So something tells me I missed something kind of big," James teased. He was wrapped in a blanket, watching me when I woke up from my recharging sleep.

"You're okay!" I pulled him into a hug.

"Yes, thanks to you, I hear."

"No, it wasn't just me. None of this would be possible if we hadn't taken out Blake, and I never could have done that alone."

"I know that, Charlotte. I just thought you might like the credit."

I laughed. It felt good to laugh again. "Glad to see you're still James."

"Yeah, it's still me."

"Good." I finally released him, taking a few steps back to join Liam again.

James turned to Liam. "So you are the new Gerard, huh?"

Liam nodded. "Yes. That means you have to listen to me."

"Not a chance. But seriously, I'm glad it's you. You two have been ready for each other for a long time."

I searched James's face, looking for a sign of humor. "Okay, maybe you aren't the same James."

"What? I can't get sentimental sometimes?"

I kissed him on the cheek. "You can anytime you like."

"Good to know."

"I'm sorry."

"Sorry?"

"For you being hurt, for what happened to your father. I'm sure it's hard on you, too."

He shrugged. "He was my father by blood, but he was not the same man in the end. It does look like I am out of blood relatives now, though."

I took his hand. "We may not be related by blood, but we're your family."

He laughed. "Please do not start on that. Your kids better not call me Uncle."

"They will already have at least one uncle, so it's okay."

"Yeah, where did Kevin go anyway? He disappeared pretty quickly."

Liam smiled. "I... uh... think he had a date."

"A date?" James asked. "With Samantha?"

"Yes. They said they were heading to Kenset to return some dragons, but I think that was just cover for alone time." Liam nudged me gently.

I laughed. "I owe him big time. Sometimes it takes an older brother to knock some sense into you."

Liam took my hand again. "Yeah. I felt your anger but decided to stay away. You guys have your own way of dealing with things."

"That we do."

***

Nothing could stop the fresh tears that fell from my eyes when I knocked on the door of Calvin's childhood home. His family would be coming to Bellgard for the official burial, but I wanted to make a trip to Rawlins first. Mom had delivered the news since I'd been too distraught, and I was riddled with even more guilt for my failure to face them myself. I wasn't there to apologize, though.

Mrs. Boyd took a step back when she answered the door. "Charlotte?"

"Hello, Mrs. Boyd. I'm sorry to barge in on you like this, but..." I started crying, and so did she. We hugged for a moment.

Mr. Boyd appeared behind his wife. "What brings you here?"

I composed myself. "Is Nathaniel home?"

"Nathaniel? Sure. I can get him for you."

Liam, James, and I waited outside. It reminded me of the time I'd waited outside with Calvin's younger siblings. It felt like a lifetime ago that he'd brought me home to meet his family. Calvin was so full of hope, so full of dreams. I choked back sobs, and James gave me a hug. The gesture was such a non-James-like action that it worked. I stopped crying before the young teen with a startling resemblance to his older brother walked down the front steps. Liam kept his distance, and I appreciated it. As much as I needed his touch, throwing our love in the Boyds' faces was out of the question.

Nathanial bowed his head. "You wished to see me, my Essence?"

I looked past him at Mr. Boyd. "Would it be possible to run this farm without Nathaniel?"

"Without Nathaniel?" he sputtered. "I have my youngest children still, but why would you ask such a question?"

"Calvin was the bravest, strongest man I've ever met. I loved him with all of my heart, and he made the ultimate sacrifice to save me and his people. I am sure that much of his strength and devotion comes from this family. Because of that, I wish to utter an edict." I reached inside myself the way I now knew I could. I would be eternally grateful to the Source for all of the new knowledge. I had gone from the most uneducated Essence in history to the most informed. I would use the gifts for good. "From this day forward, there will be a Boyd on every Guard. Nathaniel, would you be the Boyd on mine?"

His eyes widened. "Really? A Guardian? Me?"

Liam pulled out Calvin's sword. "Yes. I would be honored to have you on the Guard."

"Of course. Of course I will." Nathaniel turned to his parents. Both had tears in their eyes.

Liam nodded solemnly. "Then take this sword and take your place."

Nathaniel took the sword from Liam, and it slowly turned green, first lighter then a much brighter shade.

"You may take a few days to prepare, but then I expect you in Bellgard for training." It was strange hearing Liam so official, but he was taking his job seriously.

"I will be there in two days. I am honored to serve as your Guardian. I will protect you with my life." He bowed again.

"I am honored to have you. I will feel safer because of it."

After a tearful goodbye to the Boyds and a promise that I would visit again, we left. Bringing Nathaniel onto my Guard brought me a feeling of security and happiness I hadn't really expected, probably because I knew it was exactly what Calvin would have wanted.

Two Months Later

I stood in the garden, holding hands with the boy I'd loved my entire life. I would never forget Calvin or the love we had shared, but I knew that Liam's words had been true that day. We would be happy.

Liam loved me in two different but equally strong ways. He loved me as his Essence, the way a Gerard always would. But he also loved me as Charlotte. He loved me as the little girl who used to chase him around. He loved me as the shy girl who had returned home after years away. He loved me as the girl who had to overcome so many obstacles just to find her inner strength. He loved me for me. And I loved him the same way. I loved him as my Gerard, but I loved him as both the boy and the man who had always been such an important part of my life.

He leaned over and kissed me. The intensity hadn't lessened, and if anything, it got better each time. He wrapped his arms around me, and I melted into him. We broke the kiss and just looked at each other for a moment before he took my hand again.

We walked through the gate- back home to Bellgard.

