Chapter One

Charlotte

I wasn't sure when coffee went from an infrequent indulgence to an addiction, but at some point, it became my only line of defense against the sleepless nights. I spotted Liam sitting at our usual table the moment I walked into the coffee shop. No matter how early I arrived, he was always the first one there. Wearing his College of Charleston hoodie, he was partially blocked by the pile of books next to him on the corner table. He glanced up from the book he was reading as I pulled out the chair across from him. I hesitated for a moment before sitting down, hating the look of concern in his eyes.

"Hey, Charlotte. How are you?" Putting his book down, he pushed a caramel mocha over to me.

I gave him my standard answer. "I'm fine. Thanks for the coffee."

Liam studied me with a serious expression. He was worried, as usual. I couldn't blame him; he took the brunt of my emotional breakdowns. He looked tired, and his auburn hair was all rumpled. I hoped the evidence of stress in his eyes came from schoolwork and not me.

"I assume since you haven't called, you've been sleeping?" He watched me carefully as I sipped my drink.

Ugh. My stomach churned with embarrassment as I remembered my latest breakdown. "Yeah, I've been fine. You really don't need to worry."

"Hey, when you stop sitting up crying all night, I'll stop worrying." Liam smiled to let me know he was kidding, but I sensed his words contained more than humor.

"Or we could just not Skype at one a.m."

He laughed lightly. "Well since you live so far away, how else can we keep in touch?"

I hesitated before answering. Even though I never voiced my concern, I worried that he'd decided to stay local for college because he felt bad leaving me behind. Liam claimed he never saw a reason to leave Charleston, so I had let it go. "Yeah, that half-mile is practically like living in different countries, right?" I relaxed back into my chair, pulling on the sleeves of my sweater until they covered my hands.

Liam broke into a huge smile, the kind of smile that lit up his entire face. He was always most comfortable when we were joking. "Yeah, sometimes the time change still messes me up."

I enjoyed the lighter conversation and recognized that keeping the topic off of me would help preserve it. "So, how are you doing?"

"Pretty good. I'm glad that I finish up finals this week. I am so ready for break." Liam stretched, locking his hands together behind his head.

"Lucky you. I still have a few more weeks of school to go." As welcome a distraction as school could be, I still needed the break.

"Hey, I put in my high school years. I can't help it that you have a year and a half left."

"Sure, sure... like you can't speed up time." I smiled naturally, and it felt good. So often, I put on fake smiles to pacify my friends and family, but with Liam, I usually didn't have to.

Liam laughed. "So finding a hidden world wasn't enough for you? Now all your friends are supposed to have superpowers? Besides, you're the one who's supposed to be all powerful," Liam whispered, leaning across the table. He probably didn't need to whisper. If someone overheard us, they would have thought we were talking about some roleplaying game or something.

"Yeah, well, I don't think my abilities work outside of Energo, and I haven't heard of an Essence manipulating time."

"Well, if anyone can do it, it would be you." Liam raised an eyebrow, making me wonder if he actually believed that.

"I guess we'll have to wait until we're back in Energo to find out."

"Do you think we'll go back soon? It's been over a year already." He tried to ask delicately, probably understanding how painfully aware I was of the time passing. It had been 368 days, not that I was counting.

"I have no clue. I keep expecting to hear something, but it's been silent. I'm trying not to worry about it." I was sure Liam could see through my facade. Not a single day passed that I didn't worry about it. I would have thought the separation would have grown easier, but no matter how hard I tried to move on with my life, Calvin was always in my thoughts. All attempts at convincing myself that my feelings for him were fake failed miserably. I realized pretty quickly that trying to live a delusion was pointless. I was completely in love with Calvin, and no amount of distance or time could change that. One part of me was excited to be closer to Calvin and to find my mom, but I was also terrified of how much more I might hurt. Maybe returning to Energo would make me ache for Calvin even more. Although I never admitted it aloud, I was also scared that James was wrong-maybe my mother was dead. I shook my head to clear my thoughts.

Liam gave me a half-smile. He knew how I really felt, but he didn't call me on it. He thankfully changed the subject to a much happier one. "Yeah, well, I guess there's no reason to dwell on it. Right now, I'm just really excited to go up to North Carolina to see Kevin play."

"Me, too! I'm already working on a bunch of signs and banners for us." I pushed the darker thoughts away and let myself get excited.

"Count me in. It's weird enough watching him play on ESPN; it will be even crazier to see him in person at the arena." Liam's face became animated as he discussed my brother's college basketball career. He was obviously really happy for him.

"Monty is ridiculously excited. You should have seen his face when I asked to go to Chapel Hill as my birthday present this year."

"Oh, I know. I'm sure he can't wait to get back to his Alma Mater. He hasn't been back to see a game in years, has he?"

"Nope. I'm sure he's about to burst with nostalgia." I might have made fun of him for it, but it was good to see my uncle excited about something. He had been a bundle of nerves ever since he found out that my mom was alive and being held prisoner.

We talked about the trip to Chapel Hill for another hour or so before I said goodbye and told him I'd see him on Saturday bright and early for our drive up to North Carolina. Liam tried to give me a ride home, but I could tell that he wanted to stay and study so I assured him the short walk home wouldn't kill me.

***

The cool air hit me as soon as I walked outside. I briefly considered turning around to take Liam up on the offer of a ride, but ultimately decided the fresh air might help clear my head. Talking about Energo with Liam was a mistake-I couldn't stop thinking about Calvin. I should have been angry with him. I needed to be angry with him, but what little anger I could muster paled next to my other emotions. More than anything, I hurt. Being away from Calvin went against everything my body and heart wanted. I didn't know how much of the intensity came from the supernatural element of our bond, but recognized that at least some of my feelings had nothing to do with being the Essence. I constantly wondered what our separation felt like to him. I understood that it had to hurt him on some level, but I wondered if he felt anything real.

The hardest part was knowing how easily I could end the separation. All I had to do was go back to Energo, and I would be in Calvin's arms in a few hours. I dreamed about it all the time. Sometimes the dreams were so real, I'd wake up and cry after discovering he wasn't there. Of course, it really wouldn't have been that easy. Taking that one step through the wrought iron gate meant turning on my family and probably my only chance of saving my mother. I couldn't do it. Besides, even if I tried, someone would stop me before I could step through.

I hadn't been walking long when the roar of James's car announced his approach. "Need a lift?"

"What are you doing here?" I asked, even though I wasn't remotely surprised to see him. He always seemed to be around. As one of my Guardians, his job was to protect me, but James took his job very seriously. Between sharing all our classes, the countless afternoons we spent together while Henry and Monty were at practice, and the frequent social outings we attended, it sometimes seemed as though James and I were never apart. I didn't really know how I felt about that. He could be incredibly annoying, but he also did a great job of keeping my mind off of Calvin.

James gave me his usual sarcastic smirk. "I'm only doing my job. It's getting dark; you probably shouldn't be walking home alone." Listening to James talk about the dangers of walking home alone at night reminded me of the time he'd walked me home from a party our sophomore year. That was the night I first entered Energo and changed my life forever. That was the night I met Calvin. I closed my eyes momentarily, trying to push away the thoughts of Calvin before I got upset. I opened the passenger door and slid in, enjoying the warmth of the car. Even in Charleston, December could be cold. James pulled away from the curb as soon as I finished buckling my seatbelt. Even though I would never willingly admit it to James, driving around in an Aston Martin was pretty cool.

"How was your coffee date?"

"I had fun hanging out with Liam," I snapped. I was overwhelmed enough with my feelings for Calvin, I didn't need James trying to make me feel guilty about spending time with Liam.

James laughed. "Okay, fine. I already know you were only there to fuel your coffee addiction. It isn't healthy, you know."

"I'm not addicted to coffee." I wasn't about to admit my weakness to James.

Thankfully, we passed the rest of the two-minute drive in silence. James parked the car in my driveway. "I have another birthday gift for you." His eyes danced with excitement as he ran his hands through his dirty blond hair. He had let his hair grow out, and he seemed more comfortable. I think he enjoyed no longer having to pretend to be someone else.

"Another?" Turning toward him, I let the door I had just pushed open close again. Over the past few weeks, James had given me a bunch of gifts. He handed me an envelope. I opened it slowly, not sure what to expect. "Wow, seriously?" I eyed the two tickets. "You got Kiev tickets? But wait..." My excitement waned as I realized the tickets were for a small venue I had never been to because it was strictly eighteen and up.

"What?" James asked with the barest hint of a smile.

"I can't get in there. I'm underage, and unlike you, I don't have a fake ID."

"You don't?" James grinned as he slid something into my palm.

I looked down to see a South Carolina driver's license with someone else's name. "You got me a fake ID?" I wasn't really surprised. James might take his role of Guardian seriously, but he never really understood or cared about a lot of the laws in my world.

"Of course I did. It wasn't exactly difficult. So we should be all set for Friday night. In case you were wondering, the second ticket is for me."

"Yeah, I figured that much. But James, do you realize how much trouble I'll get in if I get caught?"

"Well, then, it's a good thing you won't be getting caught."

Chapter Two

Kevin

If Marcus didn't get off my back soon, he was a dead man. I would have thought that between basketball and class, my lack of dating wouldn't matter much to my teammate and roommate, but he wouldn't give it a rest. Marcus didn't have a girlfriend or anything, but as he liked to remind me, he at least played the field. I didn't want to play the field anymore.

Marcus shut his mouth long enough for us to order food. After a tedious Thursday night of study hall with the rest of the freshman on the team, we'd decided to run off campus to grab dinner before heading back to the dorm.

"Can I have extra hot peppers?" I asked the girl making my burrito. That was the most exciting decision I made all day. I loved playing ball, but the constant practices and control over every aspect of my life got old sometimes.

"Sure, of course." The girl seemed flustered and avoided eye contact.

"Thanks." Grabbing my food, I waited for her to ring up my order.

"You're welcome." She peeked up and gave me a shy smile. I could tell it took a lot of effort.

Even after a few months at Carolina, I still wasn't used to the way people treated us like celebrities. Of course, even if they didn't recognize us, we would probably still attract attention. Standing a good six inches taller than my six-foot-four, Marcus was a hard guy to miss.

"Come on, man." Marcus wasn't good at hiding his impatience.

We ate dinner quickly before heading back outside. As we walked down Franklin Street, past the souvenir shops, coffee houses, restaurants, and bars, we passed another student stumbling down the street. Two of his friends tried to steady him, but he laughed so hard they had trouble keeping him upright. Watching the spectacle reminded me of how different my Thursday nights were from other students. Once we were out of earshot, Marcus moved the conversation onto the other topic that was putting his wellbeing at risk-my sister. "So are you excited that your family is coming to watch the game on Saturday?"

I looked over at Marcus, already aware of where the conversation was going. "Yeah, of course, it kind of makes up for not seeing them on Thanksgiving." I decided to give him the benefit of the doubt, even though I was pretty sure he was trying to bait me.

"Don't forget to introduce me to your sister." Marcus stepped out of my reach before I could hit him. He was kidding, but past experience made me especially overprotective of Charlotte. I think most brothers would feel the same way if their sister had been kidnapped, and then practically married to one of her abductors-not exactly a dream situation.

Annoyed at Marcus, I wasn't paying attention to anything around us. I zoned out as he rambled on about some girl he met. We started around a corner, and I heard heavy footsteps. Before I could turn around, someone had my arms pinned behind me. The streetlights did little to illuminate the attackers, and I felt the sting of a needle just before a bag was shoved over my head. Disoriented, I fell down to the concrete sidewalk. I struggled in the abrupt darkness, thrashing in an attempt to get free. My heart pounded in my chest. Consciousness ebbed away, and everything went black.

***

I woke up in a small room lit only by a couple of candles. My first thought was that I was back in Energo. When I looked around, I discovered we were still in the "real world." There were boxes of food products lining the walls, and the room smelled like barley or some kind of grain. I realized it was the smell of beer and figured we were in the storage room of a restaurant.

Marcus took a few minutes longer than I did to wake up from whatever drug we had been given. "What the hell is going on? The last thing I remember is someone grabbing me from behind and injecting me with something." Marcus struggled to get up, but his arms and legs were bound like mine.

"Same here." I tried to keep my voice calm, but I was worried. Gradually, my strength returned as the drug wore off, but I knew we were still in trouble. The hard metal chair I was tied to was uncomfortable, but that was the least of my concerns. I couldn't help but assume that our situation had something to do with Energo, but I didn't understand what our captors wanted from me. For all appearances, I had walked away from my role on the Guard. I had even moved about three hundred miles from my sister. That should have reassured them I wasn't a threat. Evidently, someone knew otherwise.

"It appears the Winthrop bloodline is no longer as strong as it once was."

My eyes immediately moved toward the doorway where a tall and lanky man stood staring at us. He was dressed in a simple black cotton uniform with black boots. Even in the dim light, I recognized the man as Norman, one of my mother's former Guardians who had turned against her. My last name was Calloway and not Winthrop, but I didn't bother to argue about him calling me by my mother's maiden name.

I caught Marcus's eye as he peered over at me with confusion. I wordlessly tried to send him a message to keep his mouth shut, but I failed.

"Winthrop? I have no idea who or what you're talking about, but the joke's over. Let us out of here." Marcus glared at Norman, and I hoped the older man would keep his cool.

"Your friend here knows exactly what I am talking about. Right Kevin?" Norman smirked as I continued to fight against the restraints. My wrists were getting sore as they rubbed against the rope. The first time I met Norman, Monty had left him tied to a tree. The tables had turned.

"At least let my friend go. He has nothing to do with any of this." I had no idea how I was going to explain things to Marcus, but my immediate concern was getting him out unscathed.

"No, I think I will let him listen."

"Listen to what?" I asked.

"My warning." Norman walked further into the room, followed by four men all dressed similar to him.

"Let's hear it, then." I realized I should have been nervous, but I was more annoyed than anything.

"Stay out of the affairs of Energo, Winthrop. It is not your fight." Norman moved closer, and I could see that his eyes were red with large circles under them. Evidently, he wasn't sleeping. If he was going to be such a jerk, at least he was suffering.

"I wasn't aware that I was involved in any affairs of Energo. I only went in to get my sister. I have her, end of story." I hoped my lie was convincing.

"You expect me to believe that you have nothing to do with the resistance your uncle is building?"

"The only uncle I speak to is Monty, and last time I checked, the only thing he was building is a high school basketball team." Part of me wanted to go off on Norman and give him my own warning about how the Resistance was growing stronger, but I didn't think that would be a good idea.

"Spin whatever tales you want. My message is the same. No matter how strong you think you are, we can crush you. You saw how easily we took you tonight. Have no illusions that next time we will be as nice."

"I still think it would be easier to kill him," one of the nameless guys said.

"That would only give the Resistance another cause to rally behind. Besides, Winthrop is not even a threat." Norman walked back out into the hallway, slamming the door behind him.

"Hey! Where are you going?" I called after him. I probably should have been relieved Norman didn't want me dead, but I still didn't want to be left tied up.

"So, think you want to tell me what the hell is going on, Kevin?" Marcus had been silent for a while, and I had momentarily forgotten about him.

"Long story, man."

"Well, as we're tied up, I think I have time to hear it."

"You wouldn't believe me."

"Try me. I'm already weirded out enough about being threatened by men dressed like characters from Lord of the Rings."

I laughed. I would have felt the same way if I hadn't already been to Energo. "My sister and I are really part of this royal family in a different world, and we're trying to push out this guy who isn't the real leader so we can restore peace."

"Seriously?" Marcus's face revealed nothing.

"Yes."

"That's awesome. So does that mean your sister is a princess or something? That makes her even hotter." Marcus grinned. He was lucky my hands were still tied because I would have socked him.

I fought against the restraints anyway, but all I accomplished was to dig the bindings deeper into my wrists.

"I'd give it up. If you cut your wrists too much you're going to be no use for the game on Saturday."

I couldn't believe that he was calm enough to be practical. "So what? We sit here and wait?"

"Yeah, someone will find us eventually, no point making it worse."

He was right, but I didn't want to admit it. I hoped someone found us soon. My stomach grumbled loudly, the sound echoing off the confining walls.

Marcus laughed. "You starting to regret those extra hot peppers?"

***

At some point, we must have fallen asleep because I woke up to high-pitched screaming. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust, but the first thing I saw was a guy running in after a tiny redhead who I assumed was the source of the scream.

"Oh, my God! Is that Kevin Calloway? And Marcus Williams?" It still seemed so weird being recognized by people I had never met.

"Okay, I don't know what you two are doing in here, or what kind of weird stuff you're into, but let's pretend this never happened. Just get out of here and get ready for the game on Saturday." The guy untied Marcus and then moved on to me.

I wasn't quite sure what the guy was implying, but I didn't like it. "Um, yeah, sorry about this. It's just-"

"Like I said, let's pretend this never happened." The guy purposely avoided my eyes as he spoke.

I considered trying one more time to explain the situation, but it didn't seem worth the effort. Hopefully, they were big enough fans that they wouldn't start any rumors. My legs were stiff after sitting with them tied all night, but I got out of there as fast as I could with Marcus on my tail. The morning sun was harsh as we walked out into the alley.

"So did we seriously spend the night in the storeroom of the Carolina Brewery?" Marcus asked as we gazed up at the sign after going around to Franklin Street.

"Looks like it." I was exhausted and just wanted to get home.

"Great. I hope Coach doesn't find out about this."

"Let's hope no one does. If anyone asks where we were, we fell asleep at the library."

Marcus regarded me skeptically. "The library? Like anyone is going to believe that."

"Then what do you suggest?"

"We spent the night with some girls."

"Sure, whatever."

"That is, if you think anyone would believe you were with a girl." My hands were no longer tied, so Marcus wasn't so lucky.

Chapter Three

Charlotte

Antsy and excited, I waited for James by the front door. I turned on the outside light and paced back and forth, only stopping to look out the window. The week had flown by, and I couldn't believe it was already time for the concert. Ready far too early, I ignored the cold and sat out on the porch to wait. When James pulled into the driveway, I got up and met him at the bottom of the steps.

"Wow, you look hot." James unapologetically took in my outfit as we walked to his car.

"Hot? You're really picking up on the vernacular, huh?"

"Well, considering I wouldn't have had a need to describe a girl like that in Energo, I decided your lingo was more appropriate." James held open the door for me before walking around to the driver's side.

I was glad the conversation had turned to language because I already regretted wearing the dress I had chosen. The black dress had seemed like a good idea when I picked it out on a shopping trip with Rachel, but it was a little shorter than the ones I usually wore. I had been hyped up and feeling more daring than usual.

James glanced at me before he started the car. "Of course, Calvin would probably have a heart attack if he saw you walking around in that dress, but lucky for me, he's not here."

I glared at him. As much as it hurt to hear Calvin's name, I appreciated that James at least said it. Everyone else acted as though it was a bad word or something. I sat back and tried to relax as we headed to the show. James had assured me a million times that my ID would work, but I kept picturing myself being thrown in jail once the bouncer figured out I was only seventeen.

"Charlotte, please tell me that you are not worrying about getting in again. Trust me; it's going to be fine. So relax, okay?"

"I'll try." I smiled weakly but couldn't stop fidgeting.

James parked the car and came around to open my door. I had spent enough time with him to know that opening it myself would have just annoyed him. Thankful for the help, I accepted James's outstretched hand. Getting out of a car in a short dress could be awkward. As we headed down the block to the club, he moved his hand to the small of my back. I was sure that anyone watching us would think we were a couple, but I had stopped caring about it months ago, as Calvin wasn't there to get jealous.

James had apparently gotten me a good ID. The bouncer barely glanced at it before gesturing for us to enter.

"See? I told you it would be fine." James pushed me further into the club. "But with that dress, you probably didn't need the ID." He snickered.

It was a small venue, and the crowd started to swell. I stayed by James's side as we walked toward the back. I was out of my element and acutely aware of it.

"Happy Birthday, Char!" Turning around, I saw Rachel and Henry heading our way.

"Rach, you guys are here!" I'd had no idea James had gotten them IDs and tickets, too. I hugged both Rachel and Henry and then gave James a hug for good measure. "Thanks."

"Wait, the pious Charlotte Calloway is thanking me for getting everyone IDs?" James laughed.

"Oh, come on. Cut me a break. I'm just glad that they're here."

"I know. I'll go get us some drinks."

Noticing that both Henry and Rachel already had drinks in their hands, I nodded. Rachel gushed about how good I looked, and I complimented her as well, considering we were wearing very similar dresses. The transformation wasn't quite as extreme with Rachel because she always dressed that way when we went out.

When James got back with the drinks, Rachel took my hand and pulled me away from the boys. "So, this was pretty cool of James, right?"

"Yeah, it was." I smiled. It was a thoughtful gift, and I wasn't about to deny it.

Rachel leaned toward me and lowered her voice. "Some might even call it a romantic gesture."

I nearly choked on my drink. "Romantic?"

"Come on, Char. The guy can't take his eyes off you."

I glanced over at where James stood with Henry. "Rachel, you know we're just friends."

"Yes, and remind me why again? Is it the same reason you can't be more than friends with Liam?" Rachel raised an eyebrow. "Because seriously, Charlotte, I don't get why you would turn your back on such good options. You don't see me doing that with Henry." Rachel turned to smile coyly at Henry.

I tried not to roll my eyes. "Um, yeah, clearly you haven't turned your back on that opportunity." Many times over the last year I had been tempted to tell Rachel the truth about Calvin and Energo, but she never would have believed me, which would only have made things weird. Even if she did believe me, she would probably freak out that her new boyfriend wasn't really an exchange student from Europe. Luckily, everyone believed that Henry's formal speech was normal for a European.

"I think you should give it a chance, that's all. James is hot and so into you, and I bet he's really good in-"

I cut her off before she could continue. That was an image I didn't need. "Rach, like I've told you a million times, we're just friends." I pulled her back to the guys before she could argue.

The band took the stage, and I relaxed as the set started. I could push negative thoughts out of my head much more easily when I got lost in music. Music had always been my escape, and it had really come in handy over the past year. It felt good to zone out with my friends. I recognized that they weren't as big of fans as I was, but I really appreciated them coming, and they seemed to be having a good time. The set went way too fast, and unfortunately, as soon as the music stopped, my relaxation was interrupted.

"Hi, can I buy you a drink?"

I lifted my head, startled to see a guy watching me expectantly. "Um, thanks, but no thanks." I looked for my friends. I didn't see Rachel and Henry, and James stood a few steps away, apparently oblivious.

"Why not?" the guy asked.

"Because I don't need one."

He laughed and stepped in closer. "Well, I was only asking to make conversation. I'm Dave, and you are...?"

I glanced at James, but he was still staring straight ahead. I couldn't believe he wasn't getting involved. Wasn't he supposed to be one of my Guardians?

"Charlotte," I said distractedly. I tried to move away, but the crowd had me cornered.

"Nice to meet you, Charlotte. You sure I can't buy you a drink? What are you having?" He touched my arm as he talked.

"Excuse me," I said as I stepped around him to edge closer to James. "James, please, can you get that guy to leave me alone? He doesn't seem to be getting that I'm not interested."

"You want me to get him to leave you alone?" James wore a funny expression I couldn't read.

"Of course, why else would I be asking?"

"If you say so." With that, James pulled me to him and kissed me. Really kissed me. At first, I was shocked and couldn't react. By the time I came to my senses, James had his arms around me so tightly, it was almost impossible to free my hands to push him away. Finally, I struggled against him enough to push against his chest. His response was to hold me tighter, but eventually, his laughter made him loosen his hold. I acted out of instinct and slapped him.

"Wow. Charlotte. If I'd realized kissing you would get such a physical reaction, I would have done it sooner."

Stunned and angry, I didn't know how to respond. As I tried to calm down, I saw a familiar face in the crowd staring at me with disbelief. It didn't take me long to place the face-William. I tried not to panic, but what was Calvin's right-hand man on the Guard doing in Charleston? Was Calvin around?

"That guy isn't going to bother you anymore. Trust me." James laughed, but I didn't even acknowledge him. I had to find out if the man I'd seen was really William. If it was, would he tell Calvin that I had been kissing James?

I pushed through the crowd in the direction I thought I saw him moving. I heard James call my name, but I ignored him. Completely distracted, I ran into someone and flinched as a drink spilled down my arm.

"Sorry, you okay?" a familiar voice asked. I gazed up into a set of equally familiar brown eyes.

Liam's mouth hung open. "Charlotte, what are you doing here?" I didn't respond and tried to move around him to search for William, but he caught my arm.

"Are you all right? You aren't here alone, are you?" As usual, Liam was worried about me.

"No, I'm-"

James appeared next to me. "Did you honestly think Charlotte would be here alone?" James wore his all too common smirk.

"Great, James. Let me guess. You not only got her a fake ID, you're also getting her drunk. Seriously?" If looks could kill, James would have been dead. Liam must have been taking lessons from Kevin.

"Come on, Liam, like I was going to let her miss the opportunity to see her favorite group. Clearly, you didn't care quite as much." The insinuation in his words wasn't lost on anyone.

"Shut up, guys!" I yelled. Even a year later, Liam and James still didn't get along. Kevin and Liam had never trusted James, and I could tell it really bothered them that I spent so much time with him. "And for your information, Liam, I'm drinking a diet coke."

James nudged me. "You ran away before you could see that I successfully got that guy to leave you alone. You should have seen the look on his face." He laughed.

"What guy?" Liam's hands were in fists.

"James, you do realize that you could get killed for that, right?" Henry asked as he walked over with Rachel trailing behind him.

"Yeah, but it was still worth it." James winked at me.

"What did you do, James?" Liam asked.

I could tell that Liam was getting frustrated by being left in the dark, but I still hadn't come to terms with the fact that James had kissed me and I couldn't think of a thing to say.

Rachel chuckled. "Oh, come on. All he did was kiss her. I don't think Monty would kill him for that. Although, it was a pretty intense kiss." I scowled at her. She took in Liam's shocked expression and then mouthed "sorry" to me.

"You did what?" Liam got right in James's face.

"I was only doing what she asked."

"I never asked you to kiss me!" I was so full of emotion that I couldn't control my voice.

"You told me to get the guy to leave you alone, and that seemed like as good a way as any. But seriously, Charlotte, why did you take off like that? It looked like you had seen a ghost."

"I had to get away from you." Even if Rachel wasn't around, I wouldn't have admitted the truth. I must have imagined seeing William because I wanted to believe that Calvin missed me and had sent William to check on me.

"To seventeen years of Charlotte," Rachel said, raising her drink. Everyone raised their glasses, defusing the situation.

After taking a sip of my Coke, I noticed that Liam wasn't alone. He was with a couple of his college friends.

"Hey, Charlotte." Liam's roommate Jason fought back laughter. I bet the situation appeared funny to an outsider.

I waved. "Hey."

"Hi, Meg," I said quietly. I always tried to be nice when I ran into her, but she didn't seem to like me too much.

"Hi, Charlotte." She didn't even bother to make eye contact.

Liam introduced everyone else, and I felt relieved that the topic of my being in a club I was too young for and kissing James didn't come up again. Liam evidently decided that the blame for my presence could be pinned on James, so he didn't give me a hard time about it. I also thought he was glad to see me enjoying the show. Despite how weird I felt about James kissing me, and my fear that William had witnessed it, as soon as the second set started, I lost myself in the music and let go of the usual anxiety that had become a fixture in my life.

Liam brought me back to reality as the set ended. "So what are you guys up to now?"

Rachel pulled her attention away from Henry. "I don't know. We haven't talked about it."

"I suppose we can do what we always do." Henry didn't need to give any more information than that. Almost every night, we ended up at the same place-James's house. The combination of no adult supervision and his ridiculous entertainment system made it the logical spot.

"So do you guys want to come over to my place, too?" James didn't seem too keen on inviting Liam, but maybe he was trying to make amends for kissing me.

"Sure, we'll come," Liam answered quickly.

"We will?" Meg studied Liam skeptically. "We are seriously going to go hang out with a bunch of high school kids?"

Liam shrugged. "I can drop you off first."

"Maybe you should." Meg's tone was icy, but Liam didn't seem affected.

I tried to hide my relief that Meg wouldn't be coming. Hanging out with Liam would be so much more relaxing without her around.

"I'm game." Jason smiled. "It's not like we have anything else planned." Meg glared at him. I stifled a laugh. I was beginning to like Jason.

***

I slunk down on the couch next to Liam, already exhausted. The car ride over to James's house had been awkward enough, and I figured the one place James wouldn't be was next to Liam.

"So, pretty cool show tonight, huh?" Liam asked.

I smiled as his fingers played the bass line of a song on his knee. It was comforting to see him do it; it reminded me that not everything had changed.

"Yeah, Kiev is awesome. You know, I always think of you when I listen to them because they were on the playlist you made for my birthday last year."

Liam smiled, and we sat in silence for a while. I closed my eyes, the late hour catching up to me.

"I could hurt him, you know."

"Hmm...?" I opened my eyes.

Liam wore a serious expression. "James. I could hurt him for kissing you."

"Ugh, don't remind me." Once again, I wished one of us had the ability to manipulate time.

"I'm sorry you're stuck being around such a jerk all the time."

"Normally I would try to defend him, but tonight he deserves it."

"He always deserves it." Liam grinned.

"I feel so stupid."

He put a reassuring hand on my arm. "What do you mean? Why would you feel stupid?"

"I should have expected him to do it-I fall for everything."

"Char, he took you by surprise, and you're only human-well almost." He snickered. I was surprised that he called me Char. He usually used my full name.

"So you don't think it was partially my fault? I shouldn't feel guilty?" I wanted Liam to tell me it was okay. Maybe if he said it, I would believe it.

"No, not at all. But do me a favor, okay?"

"Sure..." I said carefully.

"Next time you have the urge to kiss a boy, pick someone other than James."

From his expression, he should have been ready, but he didn't stop me when I punched him in the arm.

"So anyone up for a dip in the hot tub?" James shouted over the blaring music of the video game Henry and Rachel were playing. It was one of those dance games, and Henry was making quite the spectacle of himself.

Jason took a seat next to Liam. "James does realize it isn't normal to have a hot tub in his living room, right?"

"I like it where it is, and that is the only thing that matters," James said, no longer needing to shout once he perched on the arm of the couch next to me.

"Liam, you really have some interesting friends." Jason shook his head in disbelief. I laughed silently. Jason didn't know the half of it.

"So you never answered me. Anyone up for the hot tub?" James never gave up.

***

I woke up groggy and tired after only two or three hours of sleep. I remembered arriving back home with Henry and Rachel, hoping that Monty wasn't waiting up for us. I rolled over and realized I wasn't alone in my bed. "Hey, Rach, we probably need to get up."

She groaned.

Someone knocked on the door. "Girls, you have to get up. Charlotte, we're leaving in thirty minutes whether you're ready or not."

"Yes, Monty." I was so tired it took me a second to get the words out.

Almost exactly thirty minutes later, I slipped into the backseat of Monty's new SUV, between Liam and his roommate. Jason had wanted an excuse to get out of town and pretty much invited himself along. Henry took the front seat after saying goodbye very publicly to Rachel. For a boy who had never even held a girl's hand before moving in with us, Henry had definitely changed. Of course, Rachel had made the change easy. Newly single after her boyfriend broke up with her to go to college, Rachel had taken one look at the new exchange student living in my house and dove in headfirst. Henry certainly wasn't complaining. Between joining the basketball team and dating Rachel, Henry's new life didn't remotely resemble the one he'd left behind.

I knew I probably could have pulled the girl card and gotten shotgun, but I was too tired. Besides, I was the smallest and would be the only one comfortable sitting in the middle seat for the five-hour drive to Chapel Hill. My hair was wet because thirty minutes barely gave me enough time to get showered and dressed, and left no time for blow drying, so I tied it back in a ponytail while trying not to elbow either of the boys sitting next to me. Groaning, I closed my eyes and sat back.

"So let's set down some ground rules here." Monty watched us in the rearview mirror as he pulled out into the street. "I don't care what you did last night, but there will be no getting sick in my car and no complaining. Is that understood?"

"Yeah," I mumbled, and everyone else joined in.

"Good. Now let's enjoy some music."

Monty put on a mix, and I drifted off to James Taylor's Carolina in My Mind.

***

Hours later, I struggled to fight through the haze of sleep when I heard Jason talking.

"What's the deal with them?"

"What do you mean?" Monty asked.

"Charlotte and Liam, why don't they just get together already? I mean, have you seen them?"

I pretended to still be sleeping but wondered what Jason was talking about. I didn't dare open my eyes, but realized that I was leaning on Liam, holding on to his shirt, and it felt like he had his hand on my leg. I guess it wasn't all that strange, considering we were crammed in the backseat together. Besides, everyone knew Liam and I were just friends, and even the friend title was still pretty new. Before last year, I had just been Kevin's little sister.

"It's complicated," Monty said.

"How is it complicated?" Jason sounded confused.

"Leave it be. Their relationship is what it is right now."

Liam stirred and yawned, and I forced myself to open my eyes. Jason and Monty had stopped talking, so they must have realized we were waking up. Liam smiled at me before noticing where his hand was. He moved it quickly. "Sorry."

"No problem, it's pretty close quarters back here." I let go of his T-shirt.

"Well, sleepyheads, we're almost there." I could hear Monty smiling even though I couldn't see his face.

"I can't believe we're going to watch Kevin play tonight. I've missed watching him so much." I never realized how big a part of my life Kevin's basketball was until he left.

"It's so good to see you this excited about something, Charlotte." Monty, like Liam, worried about me constantly, so I was glad that my enthusiasm was obvious.

"Yeah, it feels good." Grinning, I stretched once more and watched the scenery as we pulled into Chapel Hill.

Chapter Four

Kevin

The buzzer sounded, marking the end of the time out. There were only four seconds left in the game. We were down two points to Clemson, and Coach had designed a great in-bounds play that would hopefully win the game.

I made sure everyone was in position and took the ball from the referee. Marcus set a screen for our best shooter, Matt, that allowed him to get open at the three-point line. Passing the ball, I watched as Matt squared up for the winning shot. I quickly slid into the lane under the rim to get into position for the rebound. As the ball spun through the air, silence fell over the crowd, and I felt myself being shoved away from the goal. The ball hit the rim abruptly and flew into the air. I jumped up to retrieve the ball, and in midair, was able to quickly tip the ball into the basket, but then I was thrown to the floor by another player. The buzzer sounded as the ball fell through the net, and the referee blew the whistle, indicating a foul.

The game was tied with no more time on the clock, and the crowd roared as they realized I still had one free throw left that could possibly win the game. Sweat dripped into my eyes, briefly blurring my vision. Clemson's coach called for a time out, likely only to allow enough time for my nerves to set in. My teammates all congratulated me on the way back to the bench, but I was unable to celebrate. As I sat down, I couldn't help but glance up at the jerseys and banners hanging from the rafters high above the court. It still felt surreal at times to be playing college ball for the same team as Michael Jordan and James Worthy.

As we walked onto the court, the arena again fell silent. I had made thousands of free throws in my high school career and even more on the driveway at my house, but those were nothing compared to the pressure I faced trying to make the winning shot. The butterflies in my stomach worsened as I stepped up to the line.

Catching the ball from the referee, I bounced it a few times to help relieve my nerves. The feeling of the ball in my hands cleared my focus. I lined up carefully and let the ball loose. The ball seemed to hang in the air for an eternity, but eventually fell into the net. The crowd erupted, and I was suddenly swarmed by teammates and fans. After minutes of chaos, I recognized a voice behind me.

"Wow, Kevin! Way to win the game!" Monty had pushed through the crowd. I spun around when he placed his hand on my shoulder. He grinned, and it felt so good to see him.

"I'm glad you guys made it. Is Charlotte with Liam?" Knowing that Norman could still be around, I didn't want her alone.

"Charlotte's fine." Monty paused a second too long, arousing my suspicions. "Why don't you hit the showers and meet us outside?"

I shrugged off the temptation to argue. The crowd was far too loud, and I wanted to see my sister as soon as possible. "Sure. I'll meet you outside in a few."

***

I took a quick shower, pulled on my warm-ups, and said goodbye to the guys before walking outside into the night. I scanned the area, ready to call Monty to find out where they were waiting. Before I could pull my phone from my pocket, Charlotte appeared in front of me, standing on tiptoes and trying to pull me down to her eye level.

"That was awesome, Kev!" She hugged me, and I laughed at her giddiness. It was nice to see Charlotte so full of life again. Our brief phone conversations had me worried. She always claimed everything was okay, even while she sounded so tired and down.

Liam appeared behind Charlotte with a huge smile on his face. "Nice shot, man! I seriously can't imagine that kind of pressure." I knew he was excited for me, but something told me his excitement was for more than the game. Looking behind him, I got a surprise-Henry and James.

"What are they doing here?" Although I used the word "they," I really didn't mind that Henry was at the game, but I could have done without James.

"We're going back!" Liam blurted out excitedly. Monty glared at him, and Liam shrugged.

"Seriously? Now?" The post-game adrenalin started fading, and the reality of what Liam was saying hit me.

"Once you're finally ready." Liam grinned. His excitement surprised me a little.

"Okay, are you going to tell me what's going on yet?"

Monty shot me a warning look. Glancing over his shoulder, I saw some other guy standing with my family and friends.

"Kev, this is Jason, my roommate." Liam gestured toward the stranger.

"Hey, nice to meet you." I held out a hand to shake. I thought it was pretty random that Liam's roommate had made the five-hour drive to watch me play, but there were weirder things in life.

"Yeah. You, too. Nice game, by the way."

"Thanks."

"So enough small talk. Jason, you need to go back to Charleston," James said hurriedly.

Jason frowned. "How? I don't have a car."

"Here, take mine." James tossed his keys to Jason, who took a step back to catch them.

"Whoa, you're letting me drive your Aston Martin?"

"Sure. I'll come by and get it eventually," James said offhandedly, as if talking about loaning out a bicycle and not a two-hundred-thousand-dollar car.

"Okay..." Jason agreed hesitantly.

"It's cool, man. We've got a bit of a family emergency to deal with."

"But you aren't all family, and where are you going back to?" Jason asked.

"Uh, we're practically family. So you'll be okay getting back, right?" Liam spoke quickly, his impatience obvious.

"Sure... I guess I'll see you back at school, Liam."

James took Jason over to the parking lot and pointed out his car.

As soon as Jason left, I asked, "Okay, so now will you tell me?"

Liam didn't miss a beat. "James and Henry showed up at halftime with a message from Theodore."

"And the message was for us to get back to Energo?"

Monty's stoic expression contrasted sharply to the faces of fans still spilling from the stadium. "Essentially, yes. Blake has discovered the Resistance at Cason caves and is set to attack. If there is any chance of the Resistance surviving, we have to act now."

My first thought was about protecting Charlotte. "Do you think it's safe to bring Charlotte with us if Blake is about to attack?"

"Kevin, I can't stay behind. Energo needs me. Mom needs me," Charlotte said emphatically.

Mom... Charlotte and I had barely discussed the revelation that Mom was alive. The silence was okay with me. I didn't trust James, and I was afraid he was only getting her hopes up.

"She's right, Kevin. Charlotte is vital to defeating Blake." Monty spoke calmly, but I could tell he was as nervous about her safety as I was.

"I can't let anything happen to her. I'm not losing her again." Remembering the fear from last year, I felt nausea creeping up.

Henry put a hand on my shoulder. "Kevin, you're not the only one who will protect her. We all will."

I couldn't help but smile at Henry's show of support. It was hard not to like a kid who was willing to risk everything for my family. "So, if we're going back to Energo, why did James send Jason back with his car?" There was no way we could all fit in Monty's SUV.

James returned just in time to answer. "The gate in your yard isn't the only entrance to Energo."

I wasn't surprised, considering Norman and his men had shown up on Franklin Street. I still hadn't told anyone about that, I didn't exactly want to admit how easily Marcus and I had been taken. I also didn't want to upset Charlotte.

"There's an entrance in Durham we can use." Monty looked as though he was hiding something.

"Where in Durham?" I asked.

Charlotte snickered. "Duke Gardens."

"I'm going to sneak onto Duke's campus in my Carolina warm-ups?" At least it wasn't the night of a Carolina- Duke game. That could have been seriously messy.

"Yes, that's exactly what we're doing. Liam picked up your car during halftime, so we can leave now."

"Great, I can't wait." I didn't bother to hide the sarcasm.

***

I asked Liam to ride with me so I'd have a chance to talk to him.

"I don't like this. It's like we're using Charlotte as bait." I tried to pay attention to the road, but I was frazzled.

"I hate it, too, but we don't have a choice." Liam was right, but I wanted there to be an alternative.

"Between the two of us, we can't let her out of our sight." James and Henry may have been her Guardians, but I didn't know Henry very well and I certainly didn't trust James. "I know Monty is around, but I have a feeling he'll be preoccupied searching for my mom." I glanced over at Liam, and he nodded. I knew he would agree. Sometimes I worried about his non-platonic feelings for my sister, but I could trust him with her more than I could anyone else.

"We'll keep her safe. I promise," he reassured me.

I pulled into an empty parking lot on the edge of Duke's campus. I would have had no idea how to find it if we weren't following Monty. It was already after ten o'clock, and the place closed at dusk.

Monty hopped out of his SUV and went around to the back. A minute later, he had pulled out an arsenal of weapons, including my Guardian sword. He passed them around to everyone. Henry and James had their own swords, and Monty handed Liam a crossbow. I remembered how good he had been with it. Monty offered a sword to Charlotte, but she adamantly refused. I was glad. I didn't like the idea of a weapon in her hands. I wasn't being sexist; Samantha had made me realize that some girls could fight, but I didn't want Charlotte doing it.

We walked through the main entrance, and I made sure to keep Charlotte in my sight at all times. Norman likely entered through that gate, and I didn't want that jerk touching her.

"I can't believe there's an entrance in here." I shook my head, thinking how little I really knew about how our world connected with Energo.

"Yeah, I discovered it when I was at Carolina. It doesn't open up to the best spot in Energo, but it will work." Monty led us at a brisk pace, turning around occasionally to make sure we were all with him.

In the light of the lantern she held, Charlotte appeared apprehensive. "What do you mean, 'not the best spot'?"

"You'll see when we get through." Monty didn't seem to be in the mood for answering questions.

We walked down the steps, then veered left around a large fountain and came to the top of a multi-tiered terrace. Monty immediately headed over to a small building. He kicked at the door, reminding me of the night Charlotte had gone missing and we had broken into James's house. We all followed Monty in as he moved some old furniture out of the way before taking a small crystal key from his pocket.

"Did you just happen to have that key with you?" I started to wonder if he had anticipated a need to use the gate on this trip.

"I brought it just in case. Besides, even if I didn't, Charlotte has hers."

Charlotte pulled her necklace out from under her sweatshirt as Monty gestured to her.

"Like how you brought the swords with you?" Liam laughed.

Monty ignored us and inserted the key into a lock that looked as though it was just part of the wall. He paused, turning to look at me. "You know, Kevin, you might not make it back for your next game."

I let his words sink in, realizing that he was talking about more than just one game, but there was no way I was turning back. "I know. Let's do this."

Monty pushed against the door, and suddenly, we were no longer in the old building.

Chapter Five

Charlotte

The air was oppressively hot, but I still felt better than I had all year the moment we stepped into Energo. The heaviness in my chest lessened, and with every breath, I became more relaxed. As much as I might have wanted to deny it, at least in some way, Energo was home. My thoughts immediately turned to Calvin. I understood that I wasn't going to Bellgard to see him, but I knew he was close, and that was enough to set my heart racing.

"Oh, my god. It's hot." Kevin unzipped his sweatshirt dramatically.

"Your observations are always so astute, Kevin." James couldn't give up an opportunity to razz my brother.

I didn't voice the feeling out loud, but it was kind of fun to watch someone giving Kevin a taste of his own medicine. Still, I didn't want it to go too far. Kevin tensed, and I jumped in before it could become a full-fledged argument. "So aside from the heat, do we know anything about where we are?"

"We are in the Sutuni desert. It's always hot. I told you the gate didn't open to the best place." Monty started to walk, and we all followed while pulling off our sweatshirts and jackets.

"You know, Charlotte, you could get rid of this heat for us." Henry's suggestion made me freeze.

"Umm, I haven't tried my abilities since we left last year." I had considered the idea, but being so out of practice, I was terrified to try. Even though returning to Energo had made me feel better, the fear of failure was still on my mind.

James nudged me. "You're the Essence. It should come naturally." I had somewhat forgiven him for kissing me, maybe part of being the Essence meant not holding grudges, but my annoyance started to resurface.

"At least try. It's as hot as Hades." Kevin wasn't one to complain, so I figured the least I could do was try.

I closed my eyes and attempted to focus on colder weather. I had lots of memories to work with, considering my three years living in Alaska, but my mind kept wandering to Calvin. No matter what I focused on, thoughts of him usually pervaded. Of course, thinking about Calvin started to make me hurt, so with a sigh, I gave up.

I opened my eyes to some very wet and upset boys. Instead of altering the temperature, I had created a torrential rainstorm. I hadn't realized that my emotions could mess up my abilities so much. Closing my eyes, I pictured the rain stopping, and thankfully, it worked. The rain did help lower the temperature a little, but the ground had become a muddy mess. Lovely.

"So maybe introducing rain into a barren desert won't completely upset the ecosystem." James's sarcasm was probably his worst trait, and he had some bad ones. I glared at him.

"Stop it, everyone. Let's keep moving." Monty said.

Trying to brush off my humiliation, I followed Monty. If I couldn't master the simple act of changing the temperature, how could I possibly be of any use to the Resistance? I struggled to hold back tears as we walked, hoping the rain would be a good enough excuse for my wet face.

"Don't be so hard on yourself. Personally, I like the rain, so you did well in my book." Liam caught my eye and smiled.

"Ha! I'm out of practice." I tried to sound calm and unbothered, but I was sure Liam could see through it.

"It happens to all of us. I mean the being out of practice thing. You wouldn't want to see me try to play basketball right now."

I laughed. "I'm sure you're still great."

"I appreciate your confidence. But maybe try to have some for yourself."

"I'll try. Thanks." I watched Liam as he squeezed water out of his T-shirt, and I couldn't help but smile. Sometimes it seemed like he was the only one who really understood me.

We walked through the desert in near silence. No one gave me any more trouble about the rain, but I could tell they were tired of the mud. I hoped they were at least relieved that the temperature had dropped.

It felt like we had been walking for hours when Monty started handing out snacks and water bottles from his backpack. He thought of everything. I ate my energy bar and caught up to Kevin. I'd missed him more than I expected and looked forward to spending time with him, even if it wasn't in the best setting.

"How're you feeling?" Kevin asked after downing his entire bottle of water.

I shrugged. "I'm doing all right. It feels great to be back, but I'm also scared, you know?"

"I feel the same way."

I stopped in my tracks. "Wait, did you seriously just admit to being scared?"

"Yeah, I'm only human, after all." Kevin nudged me to get me to start walking again.

"Only human? As compared to what? And you better not say me."

Kevin laughed. "All right, I won't say it."

"Whatever, you're lucky I've missed you," I said brazenly.

"I'm so relieved; I can't imagine what you would have done to me otherwise."

"Hey, as you pointed out, I'm more than human. Don't test me." I grinned as Kevin tensed, probably realizing that I might be more of a threat than I used to be.

***

The desert seemed to go on forever. The mud had eventually lessened, and I got tired of wading through the sand. Pretending that we were on a beach helped at first, but the lack of a breeze made it difficult to keep up the illusion. As soon as I considered asking Monty if we could take a break, trees came into view-lots of trees.

The jungle was still humid, but the shade of the canopy came as a welcome relief. We pushed our way through the thick foliage, occasionally becoming tangled in the vines. Before long, we reached the fern grotto that housed the Cason caves. Crackling branches made me jump. We were being followed.

"Nice of you to stop by, brother," said an unfamiliar voice.

Henry spun around searching for the source of the words. "Lawson?"

The guys took out their weapons and surrounded me. The trees were so dense that I couldn't see a thing. Quickly, I closed my eyes and pictured the trees cleared, allowing me to see. A mild heat flowed through me as the image grew stronger.

"I take it you are the new Essence?"

Opening my eyes, I watched a figure approach the circle surrounding me. The guys looked around in surprise. It took me a minute to realize that the trees had bent and moved out of the way, forming a circle of clearing. Relief flooded through me; I could still use my abilities.

"Any particular reason you decided to scare us?" Henry asked, walking toward the speaker.

"None really. But I was on watch and thought I would scare you a little, seeing as you took off without even telling the family."

"I was doing my job." Henry took a step back and put his arm around my shoulders. "You know, as a Guardian, my job is to protect the Essence."

"Speaking of the Essence..." The man held out his hand to me. "I am Lawson Ashwell."

I accepted his firm handshake. "Henry talks about his brothers a lot; it's nice to meet one! I'm Charlotte."

Kevin, Monty, and Liam stepped up and introduced themselves.

"Nice to meet you all." Lawson smiled, then turned his attention to James. "So I hear you turned your back on your father."

"I was not interested in watching him hurt the Essence." James glowered at Lawson. It was rare to see James so serious.

Lawson frowned momentarily before turning his attention back to me. "Charlotte, tell me, has my brother done a good job on your Guard?"

"Of course. Henry's great!" I appreciated Lawson's use of my name, and I warmed to him immediately.

"Yeah, he does a great job when he is not hanging all over his girl." James laughed.

"You have a girl, Henry? You are pretty young to be uniting, but Mother will be thrilled."

Henry turned bright red.

James smirked. "I never said he united; I said he had a girl."

"What?" Lawson frowned. "Please tell me you have not harmed a girl's virtue!"

"I wouldn't worry too much about Rachel," James jibed.

"Shut up, James." I wasn't going to sit there and let James imply that there was anything wrong with Rachel. So she liked to make out with her boyfriend, that wasn't a crime.

"Besides, James, who are you to talk? You think everyone is going to be happy that you kissed the Essence?" Henry asked, dropping his arm from my shoulders.

"What the hell is he talking about?" Kevin asked. Liam and Monty each grabbed one of Kevin's arms, holding him back from attacking James.

"I protected her from unwanted attention." James winked at me. My stomach churned. I should have taken care of that guy myself, but what good was being constantly followed around by Guardians if they couldn't take care of things like that?

"Lawson, I am sure you have plenty of questions for Henry, but do you think we could continue to the cave? I need to speak with my brother." Still holding Kevin's arm, Monty cut off the conversation. Even having met Theodore, I thought it sounded strange to hear Monty refer to his brother. I understood that Monty had withheld the truth about my family in order to protect me, but it definitely strained our relationship a little. I couldn't help but wonder what else he was keeping from me, but at the moment, I was grateful for the new subject of conversation.

"Sure, follow me." Lawson started off at a brisk pace.

Walking sandwiched between Liam and Kevin, I continued through the fern grotto. After hearing about James, Kevin wasn't about to let me out of his sight. The only other time I had been to the Cason caves was after leaving Bellgard, and I had barely registered anything that was happening. Everything seemed unfamiliar as we pushed through the heavy ferns and waited while Lawson moved some large rocks out of the way. I had expected the Resistance to grow, but I was in no way prepared for the crowd that appeared as we neared the cave entrance.

"Wow. Theodore did some recruiting." Kevin's expression mirrored my surprise.

"It's a relief. I didn't know what to expect." Monty wiped his brow.

"Hello, brother." Theodore walked over and embraced Monty. Monty stiffened. I could practically feel the tension between the two brothers.

Monty pulled away and addressed his brother coolly. "Theodore, we heard you needed us urgently."

"Yes, we have received word that Blake is planning an attack." Theodore awkwardly let his arms fall to his sides.

"What can we do?" Kevin took a few steps further to join Monty and Theodore.

"I wanted to talk to Monty about this first, but we have a big job for you, Kevin."

Monty put a hand on Kevin's arm. "What kind of job? Theodore, should we speak about this privately first?"

"We cannot defeat Blake on our own. We need to get the support of the other nations. We need the Pact behind us." Theodore ran his hands through his hair, a nervous habit he shared with Monty.

"And you think sending Kevin is the answer?" Monty raised his voice to a level just below yelling.

Liam nudged me. He caught my eye, silently asking me if I knew what was going on.

"As the Essence's brother, Kevin is technically second to the Gerard. They will at least have to give him an audience." Theodore's voice had risen to match Monty's volume.

"What you say is true. But who will accompany him on his journey? I am not leaving Charlotte's side." Monty started to pace. Five minutes with his brother and Monty was already talking formally.

"Will someone please fill me in here? I'm the one you're talking about." Kevin was obviously getting annoyed. I understood the feeling. Few things were more frustrating than having people make decisions for you without asking for your input.

Monty stopped pacing long enough to question Kevin. "Do you know what the Pact is?"

"Yeah. It's something like the United Nations. But what do I have to do with it?"

"You need to convince the other nations to join with us, to stand against Blake." Theodore lowered his voice after taking a few breaths to calm down.

"And you really think I'm the one to do it?" Kevin asked.

Theodore didn't hesitate. "You are the only one to do it."

Monty nodded. My nerves kicked in. I understood that anything we did in Energo could be dangerous, but I didn't like the idea of Kevin being sent to meet with leaders from all those other worlds. I wondered if they were all shifters like the Zatamanians, Naomi's people.

"I agree Kevin should do it, but you never answered my question, Theodore." Monty's face didn't reveal his feelings, but I assumed he was nervous, too. "Who will accompany him? You can hardly expect him to find his way alone."

"Naomi has been with us, and she has agreed to escort him, as has Samantha."

Kevin noticeably flinched when he heard Samantha's name. He tried to look around nonchalantly, but I noticed his response.

Theodore laughed. "She is out training some new recruits, but she will be at dinner." He must have figured out what the rest of us already knew; Kevin was totally into Samantha.

"I am willing to accompany Kevin as well. I will stay with Charlotte if you think it is best, but I went to some Pact meetings with my father and may be of use." Henry appeared excited at the prospect of joining Kevin. I would miss having him with us, but if he could help Kevin, I wanted him to go.

"He is right. Henry used to tag along with our father frequently. He is the only one of us who showed interest in Father's ambassador work." It sounded as though Lawson regretted his own lack of interest in the Pact.

"Are you all right with that, Monty? Do you think one Guardian is adequate?" Theodore asked.

"As much as I believe Charlotte needs protection, if Kevin is going to pull this off, he needs all the help he can get." Monty shifted his weight back and forth between his feet.

"If I'm going to pull this off? Great way to instill confidence." Kevin shook his head. "And I want to make sure Charlotte is safe. Liam is staying with her if I can't." Kevin exchanged glances with Liam.

"Sure, that makes sense." Liam smiled at me.

I decided it was time to ask my questions. "So we've discussed what Kevin is doing. Where do I fit in?" I touched Monty's arm to get his attention; he seemed far away.

Theodore answered for Monty. "I thought you knew. You are to go to Icentris to retrieve Emma." Theodore's words sounded flat and emotionless, but the pain in his eyes suggested guilt and remorse I couldn't imagine.

As Theodore's words hit me, I felt ambushed by a wave of emotions. I realized that returning to Energo meant we were going after my mother, but I hadn't really accepted how soon we would do it. I was excited, but also nervous. James said I was the only hope of saving her, but I couldn't shake the fear of failure.

When I didn't answer, Theodore continued, "How have you fared using your abilities?"

"Not great. I mean, sometimes they work, but they aren't very predictable."

An expression of horror crossed Theodore's face. "What do you mean, 'they are not predictable'? You were doing so well with Ruth back at Bellgard!" I took a step back, walking right into Liam. He put his hands on my shoulders to steady me.

Before I could say anything in my defense, Henry said, "She has had no one to teach her. Essences are usually trained by their predecessors for many years. Without Emma or Ruth, how can we expect Charlotte to master her abilities?" Henry turned to smile at me encouragingly. I'm not sure what caused it, but Henry seemed to have matured considerably in the few hours we had been back in Energo. Maybe he wanted to appear more adult in front of his brother.

"Henry is right. It merely reinforces how important it is to retrieve Emma immediately. I want to keep our party small, and with James's knowledge, we do not need a guide, but I would prefer one more man for our journey. Can you spare anyone?" Monty asked.

Lawson raised his hand. "I can go with you. It would be an honor to protect the Essence." Ruth hadn't been kidding when she told me the Ashwells were loyal to the Essence. Even though we had just met, I was glad Lawson would be accompanying us.

"That sounds reasonable. So it is settled. The two groups will leave in the morning," Monty stated.

I didn't wait to hear how everyone responded to Theodore. Needing air, I walked out of the cave entrance without glancing back. I knew I was being followed, but I didn't care. No one had warned me how emotional returning to Energo would make me. All of my hurt and confusion over Calvin multiplied tenfold until I felt like it could strangle me. Discussing our journey only reminded me that Calvin and I were still separated. I started running, not concerned that I was heading back into the jungle.

James's rough arms encircled me from behind. "Charlotte, where do you think you are going?"

"I need a minute, okay?" I didn't bother struggling; even if I got free, he would just catch up to me again.

"What is wrong? We leave to go find your mom tomorrow; you should be happy." James sounded frustrated. I turned around in time to catch Liam scowling at him.

"Can you give us a few minutes?" Liam looked just as much to me as at James for agreement. I appreciated that.

"Fine. I will be nearby, though; she should not be without a Guardian." James insinuated that Liam's protection was inferior to his own.

"I get it. We'll be back soon." Liam didn't even glance back at James; his eyes stayed on me.

"I'm not going to pretend to understand exactly how you feel right now, but I'm here for you. Remember that, okay?" Liam broke off some bark from the tree I leaned against.

"Thanks, I appreciate it. I feel so overwhelmed. My emotions are almost supercharged here, and I have no idea how to control them. I don't remember it being so bad last year, but then again, I didn't have much time to think about it."

"Well maybe when we find your mom, we'll get some answers."

"I hope so." I smiled. "I'm sorry you have to come with me instead of going with Kevin. I'm sure you would rather be with him." I wanted Liam to know that I understood.

"Why would I rather go with Kevin?" Liam looked puzzled.

"He's your best friend."

"You're my friend too, you know. Besides, would I really give up the chance to annoy James some more?"

I laughed. "Good point."

"So you think you're ready to head back?"

"Sure, I just needed a minute."

"We all do sometimes. Shall we?" Liam gestured toward the path.

We walked back and met up with James. The guards at the edge of the cave entrance stepped out of the way to let us enter. A large crowd had converged around a fire, and I noticed Kevin, Samantha, and Henry huddled together. I figured they were discussing their plans for the next day.

I watched Samantha for a moment. It wasn't hard to see what attracted Kevin. She was gorgeous, but she also had a strength about her that I envied. I just looked at her and knew she was completely confident, but not in an obnoxious way.

"Charlotte!" Tearing my gaze from Samantha, I saw Tara running over to me, hand in hand with a guy who had to be in his mid- to late-twenties.

"Tara! It's so good to see you." I had missed my cousin a lot. She had been a real comfort during my time in Bellgard, and it was wonderful to see her outside of the castle. She appeared so different from the last time I had seen her. She was full of life and contentment. Tara could have easily been the one in my position, forced apart from the man she loved and with the weight of Energo on her shoulders. I swallowed down the jealousy I felt at her happiness, and smiled.

"Charlotte, this is Owen." Tara patted the arm of the man by her side.

He beamed at her before turning his attention to me. "It is an honor to meet you, our Essence. I am Owen Ashwell."

"Ashwell? So you're another one of Henry's brothers?"

He chortled. "Yes. Although it is not often that I am referred to as Henry's brother. He is the baby of the family while I am the oldest."

"Well, it's a pleasure to meet you. Your brother has been a good friend. It's nice to meet more of his family." I was beginning to see a pattern with the Ashwell boys-tall, blond, and attractive. I could understand Tara's interest in him, even though he was so much older.

"We will be family once Tara and I are officially united. With the current state of affairs, we have had to postpone, but it will be soon."

"Wow. That's great." Uniting was the Energo version of marriage. Calvin had talked to me about it during our few days together in Bellgard.

"And you must be Liam." Owen reached out to shake Liam's hand.

"Yes. You've heard of me?" Liam wrinkled his brow.

Owen nodded. "I heard you are quite the shot with a crossbow."

"Oh, that. Yeah, well, you step up to the challenges life gives you, right?"

"I agree completely. But come now, you both must be hungry." When he said both, I realized James wasn't with us anymore.

Dinner was bland with small portions. There were lots of mouths to feed and not a lot of food. It really wasn't a problem for me. I was so nervous and on edge that I probably couldn't have eaten much anyway. I did make sure to finish off my plate; I didn't want to waste what little we had.

After dinner, Theodore led us to a crowded room with at least fifty cots. It had the feel of a rescue shelter during a hurricane. I had felt the tension at dinner, but it was magnified by the emptiness of the large sleeping area.

"I'm sorry I cannot offer you better accommodations, Charlotte, but space is limited. I assume you will be comfortable enough for tonight?" Theodore braced himself for my response, as if he expected me to complain. I wondered if my mother had been high maintenance.

"Yes, that's fine." I slipped under the blankets of one of the cots, and Monty and Kevin took beds on either side of me. I said some goodnights and closed my eyes, knowing I was getting ready to face a long day.

Chapter Six

Calvin

"I have already explained it to you, William. I know that Charlotte loves me and that any kiss she had with James meant nothing."

I was tired of having the same argument with William. He had only been back a few hours, but would not relent. Even though the words were true, I hated to speak them. The thought of Charlotte kissing another man, especially one of the Guardians, made me ill. Already fighting the agony of her absence, having to worry about James touching her did not make it any easier.

"I do not understand why you refuse to retrieve her. She is your Essence, and it is fully within your rights as her Gerard." William took out his frustration on me as we sparred in one of the interior courtyards.

"I am not bringing her back against her will. I will never force Charlotte into anything again." One of the many things I learned from Charlotte's absence was that she was not like the other girls I knew. She would not be told what to do; she had to make her own decisions. William was not the only one practicing more aggressively that day. He momentarily lost his footing after I nearly sliced him with my sword.

"You cannot mean to allow her to stay with James. What if he tries to do more than kiss her?" William might have been my friend and confidant, but he was pushing the limits of my patience with the insinuation. If I were a less honorable man, I would have drawn blood for that comment, but I controlled my anger. I had no doubt that I would kill James if he took his advances further. Charlotte belonged to me whether she chose to stay away or not.

"He would not dare. Even James Mendel would not steal the Essence's honor." Easily blocking William, I knocked his sword out of his hand. My limited traditional training did not prevent me from defeating any man I sparred with. William was no exception. Being the Gerard imbued me with a strength and skill that only continued to grow.

William retrieved his sword before retreating to lean against a column. "What do you mean to do, then?"

"I will continue to wait. She will return one day, and when she does, I will appeal to her and try to win back her trust." What I did not tell William was that I would not be above groveling at her feet to regain her favor.

"I only say this for your own good. It is unwise for you to delay reuniting with Charlotte much longer. Your power will be substantially greater when you join together."

I knew that he spoke truthfully. I needed her and could not handle much more time apart. The Gerard and Essence were never meant to be separated; every part of me craved her. It had been more than a year's time and still not a single night had gone by without me dreaming of having her back. Thinking of our short time together, I frequently felt bitter regret for wasting so much of it with her locked in the dungeon.

I had begun making mistakes the night of our ceremony. That was supposed to be our night; we were supposed to spend it in each other's arms, reveling in each other. The ceremony constituted a union. We were officially bonded with no need for any other formalities. Instead, I had brushed away my concern over her sudden change in demeanor after speaking to Blake, and blindly let her return to her room with no explanation.

William liked to remind me of it. "From the beginning you have let her make all of the decisions. Is it not time for you to take over?" He stared at me with a stony expression.

I had thought about going to her room after leaving the celebration. I even got close enough that the guard offered me admission, but at the last second, I decided not to disturb her sleep. Everything was so new to Charlotte, and I did not want her to think that my appearing in her room so late at night implied any expectation for her to do anything she was not ready for. I understood that she was not prepared for a physical relationship, and I was patient.

"William, as much as I desire to see Charlotte, she will not be taken as a prisoner. I will wait for her to come to me." I just did not know how much longer I could wait. As if in answer, a sensation of heat flowed through me. I stopped speaking and let my sword fall to the ground.

"Calvin? Are you ill?" William asked with genuine concern, his frustration from earlier slipping away.

Looking up at William, I was almost unable to speak the words. "She is back."

"Speak again? Charlotte is back in Energo?"

"Yes, I can feel it." My entire body reacted. It was as though a part of me long dormant had been turned back on. An image of Charlotte flashed before my eyes. In the momentary glimpse, I noticed her long brown hair was pulled back, and the sadness on her face was unmistakable. My body jolted. I could also sense where she was. When I had given Charlotte the rose pendant the night after she was released from the dungeon, I had not expected to need it so soon. I never imagined she would leave my side. The rose allowed me to track her within Energo. All Gerards gave similar tokens to their Essences. I had felt some guilt when I realized she did not understand its significance, but it had to be done.

The time apart made my physical reaction to Charlotte's return incredibly strong. I never anticipated it would be so clear. I often fantasized that the power of the crystal rose failed, and Charlotte would walk through the doors of the castle to find me. Shaking off my thoughts, I let myself breathe in the realization that Charlotte had returned.

"Do you want me to bring her to you?" William asked.

"Not yet, but soon." As tempting as it was to have him leave immediately, I reminded myself of the words I had spoken to him earlier. It had to be Charlotte's will.

I recognized that Charlotte was back in Energo for reasons other than a reunion with me. She had returned to help the Resistance. Blake had consulted with me on a plan to take out the Resistance, since he had discovered their base. I did not like to think about the kind of death toll that would bring to my people. Even though I refused to bring Charlotte to me against her will, I needed to see her. If for no other purpose, I had to make sure she was safe.

"Tell me when, but once again, I stress you should not wait long."

"I understand your view, William." I struggled to keep my voice steady, but the thought of how close Charlotte was unnerved me. "Do you not have other work to attend to?"

"Of course."

After I sent William on his way, I allowed myself a moment to close my eyes and imagine what it would be like to be with Charlotte again. I could almost feel her body in my arms, the taste of her lips. I could picture the way she looked at me as though I were the only man alive. As hard as it was to pull myself out of my imaginings, there was work to be done. I put my thoughts of Charlotte away until the evening, when I could be with her in my dreams.

Chapter Seven

Kevin

We left the caves at dawn. I didn't look forward to the journey, and I was exhausted before we left. It was difficult to say goodbye to Charlotte, after only one day together, we were going our separate ways. For years, it had just been us. Up in Alaska, Dad had never been around, and as much as we got on each other's nerves, we were close. Leaving her to go away to school was hard enough; walking away from her knowing that she could be captured at any time was terrifying.

Samantha caught up to me as we headed to the shores of the Lenia Ocean after a long morning of hiking. "She is going to be fine. She can take care of herself; she is the Essence."

"I know she's the Essence, but she doesn't understand her abilities, and neither do I." No matter what anyone called her, Charlotte was still my little sister, and I wanted to protect her.

"Whether she understands or not, the power is within her. Hopefully, she will find your mother and get proper instruction. But that is not what is really bothering you, is it?"

"What do you mean?" I searched Samantha's face, looking for a clue as to what she was implying.

"You do not want anyone else doing your job. But the truth is that Monty, Liam, Lawson, and James can protect her as well as you can."

"That's not it..." I started to argue, but then stopped. When I thought about it, Samantha was dead on.

"Do not even try to deny it; I am always right. You will figure that out one day." I thought she was being serious for a second, until she laughed. I had never heard Samantha really laugh. I liked it.

"So what was your year like? Did you really train recruits the whole time?" I struggled to make conversation, a new experience I didn't enjoy.

"It kept me busy, and I was glad to help. This is the first time I have been away from the caves since you left." Samantha fidgeted with the straps of her pack. It was such a normal action that it made her seem less intimidating somehow.

"So you didn't mind staying put the whole time?"

"No. Not really. I have spent most of my life at the caves. I know that I am good at teaching combat, and I did my job well. When you believe in the cause, no sacrifice is too much." Back in my world, hearing a gorgeous girl make a comment like that would seem off, but it seemed so natural coming from Samantha that it didn't surprise me. In a world full of traditional women, I'd managed to fall for a warrior chick, maybe because I liked a good fight.

Henry caught up with us. He had fallen behind for a while, probably trying to give us space. "We are getting close. We need to veer right." We were supposed to meet up with Naomi at the shoreline. She had gone ahead to make sure the path was safe and to find us a boat. Having someone in your group who could shift into a cat came in handy when you wanted to stay under the radar.

"Great, we are making good time." Samantha picked up her pace, and Henry and I matched her.

"So is the place we're going like Energo?" I asked.

Henry laughed. "Not exactly."

"What do you mean?"

"Just wait and see."

***

The smell of salt let me know that we were almost there. Some people hated the smell of the ocean, but I'd always loved it. Even from a distance, I could hear the waves lapping at the shore as birds that looked and sounded a lot like seagulls flew overhead. The Lenia Ocean appeared as endless as the Atlantic Ocean I grow up around, and I was momentarily overwhelmed when we reached the shore. The bright green water reminded me that I wasn't home. The colors in Energo were intense.

Naomi appeared bored as she lounged against a single-sail boat docked at the marina. The small sailboat looked tiny squeezed between two massive steamships.

Naomi straightened as we approached. "Nice of you to show up."

"Does everything look all right?" Samantha asked.

"Yes. And as you can see, I found a vessel." Naomi gestured to the boat behind her. On closer inspection, it wasn't quite as small as I originally thought. There were several lower levels below deck. I noticed that the hull looked worn, and I couldn't help but feel apprehensive about boarding it.

Samantha eyed Naomi suspiciously. "I see that. Is it ours alone?"

"Not exactly."

As if on cue, a short round man in a red pinstripe suit with a matching hat walked onto the dock. "Captain Everling at your service. Welcome aboard the Ulta Storm." The man bowed so low I was afraid he wouldn't be able to get back up.

"Could you excuse us for a second?" Samantha asked.

"Of course. Come aboard when you are ready."

As soon as the man disappeared onto the boat, Samantha grabbed Naomi's arm. "You hired a misa?"

"There were no other options."

"What's a misa? And are you sure this thing isn't going to sink?" I didn't like Samantha's uneasiness.

"A misa is a kind of water taxi, but the passengers do some of the work," Henry supplied.

"Okay, so why is Samantha upset?"

"Why am I upset? Who knows what other passengers it will take on? It could be a trap. Blake already wants you dead, Kevin. You have a target on your back." I had never seen Samantha so keyed up.

"So you're worried about my safety now?" I couldn't resist the jab.

"I am worried about beating Blake, and we need you alive if we are going to win." Samantha closed her eyes for a second and let out a deep breath. "Naomi, did you really think it wise to hire a misa?"

"Why do you think I picked this one? Is anyone really going to search for a Winthrop on a boat that is falling apart?"

"Fair enough, but we need to be careful."

Captain Everling wobbled out and gestured for us to join him. "If you are coming aboard, you need to come now."

As we boarded the Ulta Storm, the floorboards creaked, making me even more leery of its seaworthiness. Realizing I didn't really have a choice, I decided not to worry about it.

"It has been a long time, Naomi." Two blue figures moved toward us as we walked onto the deck. My first thought was of the Blue Man Group. I half expected them to pull out drumsticks, and I was prepared to see paint flying everywhere. Beyond the color, they looked human. Though the guy and girl were around my age, which made me a bit more comfortable, their color was hard to take in. I attempted to hide my surprise, but evidently, I wasn't successful.

"Watch your reactions, Kevin, or we are in real trouble with the Pact," Henry whispered. Out of the corner of my eye, I caught both Samantha and Naomi glaring at me.

Before I had time to react, I was shaking hands with the large blue guy. "I'm Bry. I take it you are the Winthrop?"

I contemplated explaining that my last name was Calloway, but it didn't seem worth it. "Yeah, I'm Kevin. Nice to meet you." Bry held my hand a moment longer than necessary, his strong grip growing uncomfortable.

"Same to you, this is my sister Ada." I looked over at the tiny girl and realized that despite her color, she was actually really pretty. I gave her a small smile.

Bry moved on to introduce himself to Samantha and Henry, and I was peeved by the way he kissed Samantha's hand. I knew she wasn't with me or anything, but my territorial side was definitely coming out.

"Bry has the Cardian seat on the council. We are lucky they are making the trip with us. Bry has agreed to be our guide and an advocate with the council." Naomi watched me intently. I had never heard of a Cardian before, but I guessed it referred to the nation Bry and Ada were from.

"Our people have always supported the Essence, but even we cannot stand back as mutes while Blake destroys innocent lives," Bry declared.

"The Essence is not working with Blake. She hates him." Henry joined the conversation without warning. "She is pure and good. Do not doubt her." It was nice to hear Henry defend Charlotte. I hated hearing someone connect her to Blake.

"I mean no disrespect to the Essence. I am merely trying to warn you of the welcome you should expect."

"Can they not get settled before you start barraging them with your concerns?" Ada asked. Her voice sounded like it belonged to a fairy. It fit her small size.

"All right, we can continue this conversation later," Bry relented.

With another perfectly timed entrance, Captain Everling joined us. "Would you like a tour?"

"Yes, thank you." Samantha smiled politely.

That was all the encouragement the captain needed. "Believe it or not, the Ulta Storm is a historic misa."

I was tempted to tell him the Ulta Storm looked prehistoric, but I kept my mouth shut. The captain must have taken our silence as an invitation to keep talking, as he continued to drone on about the history of his boat. I tuned him out once he started discussing famous passengers because I had never heard of those people. I watched distractedly as he pointed out a small kitchen and gestured to two large bedrooms that we would be using. I hoped we weren't expecting more passengers because no matter how large the bedrooms were, it would still be a tight fit.

It didn't take me long to realize that, with no engine or motor, the sail would be our only means of power. We had a long trip ahead of us, and I hoped someone knew something about sailing; I wasn't sure how much I trusted the captain. Although a lot of my friends were into sailing, I had always been so busy with basketball that I never had time to learn.

It turned out that Samantha and I were the only ones onboard that lacked sailing experience. Bry took charge immediately, and Naomi, Ada, and Henry all seemed eager to help.

***

There was tension in the air as we squeezed into the tiny kitchen to discuss our plans while eating dinner. After a few hours on the deck, it was apparent that I wasn't the only one worried. Everyone felt nervous about how things would go when we reached our destination, the city of Alak, and faced the committee. I tried to play it cool, but I was getting anxious. So far, no one had told me anything about how we were going to convince the committee to side with us.

"So pretty much everyone hates Energo because Blake has been breaking all the rules, right?" Naomi gave me an icy stare.

"Blake has been doing more than breaking the rules. He has been murdering innocents, and destroying cities," Ada said in her singsong voice. The contrast between her words and voice threw me off for a minute.

I paused from inhaling the fish on my plate long enough to ask, "I get that. So why won't everyone want to join us and fight against him?" We hadn't eaten all day, and I was starving.

"It is not that simple, Kevin. You are a Winthrop. You represent the royalty of Energo, and it will be hard to convince the other leaders that you can be trusted. For years now, your mother's Guardians have been working with Blake, and they may believe you are no exception." Samantha explained.

"So why pick me for this job? Why did Theodore want me to go?" I struggled to keep the anger out of my voice.

"You were picked because you are our only chance. Being a Winthrop means some will not trust you, but it also guarantees you respect. Besides, you are brother to the Essence. As angry as everyone is with Blake and Energo, they still owe allegiance to the Essence. They need her." Naomi seemed tired.

I was afraid to press too hard, but I needed more answers. "So what happens now? What do I do?"

"You let your instincts take over." Ada's voice might have sounded like a fairy, but her brother's certainly didn't. With his deep baritone voice, Bry would have a successful career in narrating movie trailers back home.

"My instincts?"

"It is in your blood to lead. You need to listen to yourself to know what to do." I seriously had no idea what Bry was talking about and turned to give Samantha a quizzical look. She acted as though she didn't see it.

Frustrated that I had no inkling of how to persuade the Pact to join us, I struggled to fall asleep that night. I decided to get some air and went up on the deck. Bry was examining the single large sail, but he didn't seem to notice me.

I saw Samantha at the back of the boat, and went to join her. "Hey." I wished I didn't always have to feel so awkward with her. I actually started to feel guilty about how much I'd nagged Charlotte about being antisocial. I had developed a new understanding of feeling uncomfortable.

"Hello, Kevin." Samantha turned toward me momentarily before returning her attention to the water.

"You ready to face the Pact leaders tomorrow?"

"Ready may not be the correct word, but I am determined. The Pact might not want to help, but I think in the end, they will realize that our cause helps everyone."

"Blake's been pretty ruthless, huh?" I asked, struggling to see anything in the dim light.

Samantha turned toward me again. "Percy had his suspicions about what Blake had become, but Blake killed him before he could tell me. I think Blake is pure evil."

"Pure evil? That's an intense accusation."

"As I told you, Percy never explained it to me, but I think he is tied with some higher power. As children, we were told stories about a man who was able to stand against the Essence. It seemed he had been imbued with a power much like the Source, but rooted in evil, not good. Everything has its opposite."

I was too stunned to answer for a moment. Defeating Blake if he were merely a powerful man was scary enough; finding out he might be even stronger threw me. The more I thought about it, the more it made sense. I remembered how skillfully and almost super-humanly Blake had fought at Bellgard. I had assumed it was just from years of experience.

"So if Blake is that powerful, how are we going to defeat him? I mean, even if all the nations join us, is it going to work?"

"We are not ready to defeat him yet. Right now, all we can hope to do is hold him off. Our only chance is to get the support of the Pact and to find your mother. Charlotte has enormous potential, but if she is not properly trained, her abilities are limited. Only another Essence can teach her." For the first time, Samantha looked vulnerable. I wanted to reach out and comfort her, but I was afraid of her reaction.

"So what you are telling me is that if either Charlotte or I fail, Blake wins?" It was scary even to say it.

"Yes. So failure is not an option. You must convince the Pact nations to join us."

"But what if I can't? Everyone keeps telling me how hated I am. How do I get supporters?"

"You can do it. As Bry said, you need to go with your blood. It should come naturally."

"Whatever that means." I couldn't help but roll my eyes.

"Figure it out, and fast. We should get some sleep. Tomorrow will be a long day." I watched Samantha walk across the deck. She disappeared into the darkness as she headed to the lower level of the boat.

Go with my blood? Maybe if I could figure out what that meant, we'd have a fighting chance.

Chapter Eight

Charlotte

The river appeared out of nowhere. One minute we were moving through a dense forest, and the next, we stopped in front of rushing water. The wind moving through the trees must have masked the sound. I loved water, but the thought of getting wet, especially wearing a long dress, didn't appeal to me. After a few hours of hiking, I wished that the traditional women's clothing in Energo included pants. Horses would have been a faster travel option, but we were afraid of attracting any unnecessary attention. Even if Blake discerned I was back, we didn't need to give him any additional advantage. Although I didn't voice it, I worried that Blake knew we were heading for Icentris. He must have known that James would lead us to my mother. I tried to shake my fears aside. Thankfully, the morning had been quiet, with no sign of Blake or his men, but we all realized that could change at any time.

Liam stopped beside me at the edge of the river. "Are you sure I can't help you with that pack?"

"No, that's okay, but thanks for the offer." My pack was heavy, but I didn't complain. I was the one who'd insisted on not being treated differently because I was a girl. I wasn't going to go ahead and prove them right. I could just imagine the teasing I'd hear, especially from James.

"Who wants to cross first?" Liam asked.

"Wait. We're crossing here? Isn't there a bridge or a more shallow section?" I didn't know what I was expecting, but definitely something that didn't involve treading through water.

James smirked. "It is only three or four feet. If you are worried about getting that dress wet, just take it off."

Monty smacked James in the back of the head. "The dress will dry, Charlotte."

"I will go first." Lawson pulled out a rope from his nearly overflowing pack. Throwing the bag down, he wrapped the rope around him and dove into the river.

I watched expectantly as Lawson pulled himself out on the far shore. Tying one end of the rope to a tree, Lawson tossed the other end over to Monty, who secured it to a tree beside us.

Lawson grinned, shaking out his damp blond hair, and called, "I hope someone will pick up my pack for me."

"Showoff," James mumbled while attaching Lawson's pack to his own. "Do you want me to hold your bag, too, Charlotte?"

"No, I don't need your help."

"Well, then, I will go next. You should follow."

James grabbed the rope and started crossing the rushing river. I tentatively grasped the rope. James made it look easy, but the current was strong, and I knew that one misstep would have me floating downriver. Crossing itself would have been challenging, but doing it while wearing a bulging backpack made it even worse. By the time I reached the other side, my hands were raw from holding the rope so tightly. Nearly frozen from the cold water, I wanted nothing more than to curl up in a nice warm bed. I had to settle for taking a deep breath while we waited for Monty and Liam.

"How are you holding up?" Monty asked, watching me squeeze water from the bottom of the skirt of my dress.

"I'm fine."

"Fine? Please, at least let me help you with the backpack. I know you can handle it, but I would feel more useful if-"

Before Monty could finish the sentence, I had swung off the pack and placed it on the grass. "If it would make you feel better, take whatever you want." I wasn't letting the opportunity to lighten my load pass again.

Monty smiled as he shifted gear from my bag into his own. "I appreciate the thoughtfulness. It is just like you to worry about how I feel."

With a much lighter pack on my back, walking was tons easier. It was getting colder, so I pulled on a cloak over my dress. It helped keep out the cold, but nothing could quell my disquiet. The closer we got to Icentris, the harder it became to pretend that I didn't know the end result of our journey. I wanted to see my mom desperately, but I also wondered if I would be strong enough to save her.

"I still cannot believe I am walking with the Essence." Lawson surprised me with his comment.

"Very funny." I couldn't tell if he was being serious or not, so I decided to assume it was a joke.

"My entire childhood, the Essence was missing, and then we went through a period of darkness. It is incredible that you are here. I do not really know how to behave around you."

"How to behave around me?" I couldn't help but laugh. "I think you're doing fine. Pretend I'm any other girl."

"Any other girl? If only it were that easy. It is strange, though. I am not used to feeling so much respect for such a young woman."

"Respect? Um, thanks... I guess."

"That is enough awkwardness." Lawson smiled as Liam came up behind me and pulled on my ponytail.

"You are so much like Kevin, it's scary." Kevin was the only other person who would have dared pull my hair like that.

Liam looked a little bit upset. "You think I'm like Kevin?"

"You say that like it's a bad thing."

"I just didn't know you thought of me that way."

"I never said I thought of you like Kevin; I said that you were like Kevin. Get the difference?"

Lawson seemed amused. "Liam, I see you have no problem talking to her like any other girl."

Liam shrugged. "I've known her forever. She'll always be just Charlotte to me."

As the sky darkened, we came upon a small village that reminded me of Rawlins, the town where Calvin grew up. It was nothing more than a dozen buildings and lots of farmland. Still, there was something charming about it. As I looked around, Lawson pulled Monty aside, and they gestured for me to stay with James and Liam. Exhausted, I sat down on a tree stump.

A few minutes later, Monty returned and motioned for us to follow him. We walked over to one of the small homes around the village center. Monty would only take us to stay with someone who was loyal to our cause, but I couldn't completely shake the nerves.

We were ushered through the back door of the small farmhouse. James and Liam were each stuck to my side like glue. As weird as James acted, he still took his job to protect me seriously.

The door opened into a cramped kitchen. When James turned, his backpack fell into me, pushing me into Liam.

"If you wanted to get close to me, you could have just asked." Liam had a twinkle in his eye as he teased me.

Usually, I wouldn't rise to his comment, but I couldn't resist. "Yeah, you know how shy I can be."

Before Liam could respond, we were led over to a long table. Once seated, I realized how hungry I was and hoped the food was good. Bright tapestries covered the walls, a sharp contrast to the austere outside of the house. The effect was impressive, a beacon of color in an otherwise dark place.

"Essence, it is quite an honor to have you at our table." A pretty girl who couldn't have been more than a few years older than I was smiled as she brought a large bowl to the table. "If you would like to wash up first, there is a basin in the corner."

I looked down at my dirty and blistered hands. I grinned, thanking her before getting up to quickly wash my hands and rinse my face. I returned to the table feeling much better. Spending time in Energo made me appreciate the little things in life, including running water.

I took my seat just as the backdoor opened again, admitting a man who was probably in his early twenties. He walked over to the girl and kissed her forehead before taking his seat beside her. Similar to how I had been struck when I first saw Tara, it surprised me how different the timeline was in Energo. I felt extremely young compared to the couple who already lived together. After sitting in silence for a few minutes, I realized everyone was waiting for me to say something.

"Oh. Thanks for having us." Being a southern girl, I knew how to be polite, but I was always so thrown off by the way people treated me in Energo that I sounded like a lost child. James elbowed me and gave me a funny look, so I added, "We appreciate any help we can get. These are dangerous times." Great. I was practically quoting Harry Potter.

Monty saved me from further embarrassment. "Mindy, Aaron, do you have news for us?" I was glad he used the couple's names because I had no clue who they were. The lack of introductions was odd, but with all of the tension, it wasn't the biggest oversight.

Mindy studied me for a moment, as if gauging how much bad news I could take. "Yes, but I am afraid it is not good. Blake has been setting up checkpoints throughout Energo under the guise of looking for illegal goods, but he is searching for the Essence."

Monty nodded. "Thank you for the warning. We will have to be sure to hide Charlotte." Monty's ability to appear calm surprised me. He was a better actor than I expected, but then he had successfully convinced me for almost sixteen years that he had been born and bred in Charleston.

"I know a good way to hide her." Lawson was so excited his elbow hit his bowl of soup, splashing the contents all over the table.

James ignored the mess in front of us. "Let's hear this idea."

I searched for a napkin, but realized that no one else seemed particularly concerned. Attempting to overlook the liquid dripping onto the floor, I waited for Lawson to share.

"One of us needs to pretend to be taking Charlotte for unification. No Bravado will dare question it. Besides, no one believes that the Essence could even pretend to be with any man besides her Gerard. As long as she can play the part, we will be fine." Lawson looked to me for approval.

Monty didn't hesitate before answering. "It should be Liam."

"I agree," Lawson and James said simultaneously. I gave Liam a guarded look.

"So what exactly are we supposed to do?" Liam asked, his expression unreadable.

Monty ate a few spoonsful of soup. "You and Charlotte need to pretend that you are heading north for unification. Many people do it at the Mason Falls. It is much like the cathedral at Bellgard; it is connected to the Source. A union is our equivalent of a marriage."

"I see. So Charlotte and I are going to pretend to be engaged so we can get through a checkpoint?"

Monty smiled. "Yes, that about sums it up."

"I think we can handle that. Can't we, hon?" Liam winked and put his arm around me.

"Sure thing."

I tried to act as relaxed about it as Liam, and pretend it was a joke, but it was different for me. First of all, I was in love with Calvin, and secondly, it brought me back to being eight years old and staging our wedding with Barbie and Ken as stand-ins. I was really glad that Liam had no idea of how big a crush I used to have on him.

Chapter Nine:

Kevin

After a day and a half on the boat, I was more than ready to get back on land. I split my time between sailing lessons from Bry and staring out at the water, trying to prepare myself for meeting the council. The former I did because it seemed like a skill I should have, and the later was unavoidable. Everyone kept telling me to follow my blood, but I had no clue what that meant. I was glad Monty was with Charlotte, but I could have used his insight and encouragement. For the first time since discovering Energo, I started to picture what my life would have been like had I been raised there. No matter what blood I had running through my veins, I clearly lacked the experience I needed, and I wondered if Charlotte felt the same way.

As Bry pulled the boat into the busy marina, I took a deep breath and swallowed my insecurities. Whether confident or not, I couldn't show any hesitation.

Henry had told me that Alak was the largest port city and the center of trade, but what awaited me was even bigger than I expected. We walked onto the dock, and once again, I was in another world. Energo looked like something out of the Middle Ages, whereas Alak appeared more like a bustling modern city. Bright neon billboards filled with languages I didn't recognize lined the streets, and I had to anchor my feet to avoid becoming lost in the crowd.

"Follow me." Bry took the lead, and we wordlessly tailed him. I hoped he knew where we were going. The water continued throughout the city in an intricate network of canals. Pedestrian walkways full of rows upon rows of people lined the canals. Buildings surrounded us, some only a few stories high, while others soared as skyscrapers. Instead of the stonework that dominated Energo, the buildings were built of glass and metal. Still, Alak showed signs of distress. Once the initial shock of seeing such a modern city faded, I noticed boarded-up buildings and several signs with only half of the bulbs lit.

"Energo was not the only place to enter hard times without the Essence." Henry answered my unasked question. It still seemed hard to believe that the fate of my mom and sister had an impact on so many people.

I blindly trailed Bry through the crowd, nearly falling into him when he stopped to push open a large metal door. I assumed we had reached our hotel, but since I couldn't read the lettering on the outside of the modern building, I wasn't sure. We stepped into a small pitch-black hallway and walked for a moment before a bright light hit my eyes. A large elevator stood opened before us, and I was pushed inside. The ride lasted for several minutes until we came to an abrupt stop. The doors opened, and I finally had some breathing room.

We walked into a room with both the walls and floor made of glass. The windows gave an incredible view of the city. We must have been seriously high up. The skyline looked funny with the alternating short and tall buildings, and I felt disoriented when looking down at the glass floor. The effect of watching the city below was dizzying. Gazing up, I was struck by the tall ceiling that seemed to continue on forever. The only furniture in the room was an oval desk and a pair of matching chairs, all of which appeared to be made of glass. Bry approached the desk.

Behind the desk stood a woman who looked as if she were covered entirely in diamonds. The sparkling reflections made it almost difficult to look directly at her. Despite the brightness, her figure left little doubt that she was a woman.

Samantha's slap brought me back to attention. "Did you just slap me?"

"We already warned you to hide your reactions. Drooling over a Zale is not going to help anything." I couldn't help but notice that Samantha blushed as she made the comment.

"Sorry. I've never seen anything like it... um, her before." I tried to hide the smile that automatically appeared when I realized that Samantha might have actually been jealous. "Wait. Did you call her a Zale? Like Zales, the jewelry store at the mall?"

"I have no idea what you are talking about and really do not care. Stay serious, Kevin." The blush was gone, and I wondered if I had imagined it.

"There are only two rooms available, so we are going to have to bunk up." With all of my attention directed toward Samantha, I hadn't noticed Bry return to our group.

"We made it work on the boat, so we can do it again." Naomi yawned, and it was contagious.

"It works for me." I figured that no matter how tired I felt, I wouldn't be sleeping well anyway.

***

After stashing our gear in the rooms, we headed back out onto the busy streets of Alak. The consensus was that the sooner I met some of the other leaders, the better. Evidently, the other leaders liked to hang out at a particular drinking establishment.

Homina's Aqua looked like a hole-in-the-wall from the outside, and for once, looks were not deceiving. The long wooden bar was lined with stools, most of which were taken. The walls were littered with worn advertisements, some of which seemed ready to fall off onto the floor. About a dozen smaller tables dotted the room, several of which were pushed together to form one long table. I made sure not to stare at anyone for too long, and thankfully, the near darkness of the bar made it easier to hide my surprise at the different types of people sitting around.

I followed Bry over to the bar, and he ordered a round of drinks. I was grateful not to have to do it myself because nothing on tap sounded even vaguely familiar. It would have been just my luck to have ordered something putrid.

"Over here." Naomi had grabbed her drink and taken a seat at the long table.

I looked around again as I headed to the table. As different as the clientele appeared, the bar wasn't that different from a bar back home. Men and women sat close together, talking and laughing over their drinks. Some were flirting, and others appeared to be fighting. It was nice to see that some things were the same.

"So this is the Winthrop?" a man sputtered, as the rest of the group took seats at the table. He had the appearance of an ox with wide-spaced nostrils and thick, wrinkly skin. He had to weigh over four hundred pounds. Calling him intimidating would be an understatement.

"Yes. This is Kevin. He is the brother of the Essence." Naomi barely even glanced in my direction as she introduced me, letting me know that I was on my own. Great.

"Well, Kevin, I'm Ollis. I speak for Kenset."

I probably should have spent time learning about the different nations in the Pact. Maybe it would have helped my cause if I didn't stare at people blankly when they told me where they were from.

"Nice to meet you, Ollis." I extended my hand and wasn't surprised by Ollis's bone-breaking handshake.

"Are you ready for another drink, Kevin?" I couldn't help but notice that Ollis's attention was directed completely toward me, as he ignored everyone else.

It didn't sound as though he were really asking a question, so I looked at my nearly full glass before taking the rest down in a single swallow. "Sure."

Ollis signaled for a waiter, who quickly brought over two more drinks. Still tasting the bitterness from the last drink, I hoped it wasn't the same stuff.

"Bottoms up." Ollis slammed his drink before the waiter was halfway back to the bar.

Henry leaned over to whisper, "I think you are going to have to drink that one fast, too."

He was right. Ollis seemed like the kind of guy who only took a man seriously if he could hold his drink. It was going to be a long night. I drank, barely registering the bitterness that time.

Ollis ordered another round of drinks, and I began to get worried. My first thought was that I was glad Coach Williams wasn't there to see me. After the third drink, my head started spinning-whatever they were, the drinks were strong. However, the more I drank, the better it tasted.

Ollis's sharp gaze intensified. "What do you think of Alak?" If he was drunk, he didn't show it.

"It's... uh, bigger than I expected." I didn't know what he wanted to hear.

"Is your home not this way? I had heard that your world was rather modern."

"It is. It's just that I assumed Alak would be more like Bellgard."

Ollis laughed. "Not all of us like to live in the dark ages if we do not have to."

"So the people of Energo choose to live that way?"

"Of course. Did you really think we lacked the technology?" Samantha spoke sharply, and I realized I had insulted her.

"Maybe?" My head started to feel foggy, and I couldn't come up with a coherent response. Those were some serious drinks.

Several hours later, the table was littered with empty glasses, and Ollis was once again shaking my hand. "Kenset will give you our full support. Please give my regards to the Essence." I watched in stunned silence as he got up from the table and walked to the door.

"Good job, Kevin." Bry slipped into the seat Ollis had vacated. Looking around, I saw we were the only ones left in the bar. Somewhere after the third drink, I had quit noticing the crowd.

"I didn't do nothing," I muttered in unintelligible grunts. My thoughts were hard to organize.

"You showed Ollis that you could come to his table and that you would not back down; that was sufficient." Samantha looked exhausted, but I ignored that and focused on the fact that she had complimented me. She no longer seemed angry about my insinuation that Energo was technologically backward.

Although it was difficult to stand, it felt good. I had gotten us another ally, and had impressed Samantha at the same time. Somehow, I knew that convincing the rest of the nations wasn't going to be quite so easy.

Chapter Ten:

Calvin

I left the barracks and walked back to the castle, ignoring the drizzle of rain that hinted at a larger rainstorm to come. Nodding at the guards, I walked through the massive stone entryway. I found no humor in the realization that the structure that once represented such promise had become my prison. Since Charlotte left, everything about the castle seemed gray.

I listened to the deep echo of my boots on the stone floor, as I headed toward the library. Once there, I stopped and peered inside. Blake sat with another member of Emma's Guard, Norman. Something about Norman had never set well with me. From the first time I met him, I questioned his loyalty to Energo.

"Calvin! Precisely the man we were waiting for." Blake's words sounded perfectly sincere, but I sensed something entirely different was behind them. The longer I spent in Bellgard, the easier it became to see behind the gilded facade Blake created. There was a darkness about him that became increasingly visible over my months at Bellgard. Even armed with that knowledge, I was unsure of my next move. I was not a weak man and did not hold back out of fear, but I was cautious. Blake had an uncanny power of persuasion, and I struggled to even remember my concerns once he engaged me.

"What news do you have?" I sat down across from Blake, but I did not meet his eyes. I had discovered that it was easier to repel Blake's influence if I avoided eye contact.

"I have received word that your Essence reentered Energo." I could almost feel Blake's gaze boring into me, imploring me to look up, but I resisted.

I let out a small gasp and hoped it came across as shock and not fear for Charlotte's welfare. "When? Where is she?" Blake studied my reaction, and I could not afford to let him know of my prior knowledge. Since Blake had not been Emma's true Gerard, he might not have been aware of the real power of the crystal pendant.

"She was last spotted heading north with a small group." Blake's voice was even and held no emotion, so I dared to look at him. His eyes appeared empty. I turned away again.

"Is she attended by all three Guardians who left with her?" I was scared for Charlotte, and until I could be with her, I needed to know she was protected. As thrilling as the knowledge of her return was, I understood that in Energo, she was exposed to greater danger. Energo was at war. No one was safe, let alone the Essence.

"Surprisingly, no." Blake laughed dryly. "It seems her Guardians may not value her quite as much as we would expect."

"What do you mean? How could they leave her unprotected?" I blurted without thinking. I knew that Blake was only trying to upset me to ensure my compliance.

"I do not know why, but my son is the only Guardian with her." Blake made it sound like the word son was painful to say.

I felt ill. James the only one guarding Charlotte? "I must get her at once. My Essence must be protected." I hoped Blake did not sense that his men getting hold of her was what I feared most. I had stayed at Bellgard when Charlotte left because it was my duty, but I would never allow her to fall into his hands again. Blake viewed her as a pawn. Charlotte had recognized Blake's ulterior motives so quickly, I cursed myself for doubting her.

"We will not let anything happen to her, but I understand your concern. I will be sure to keep you updated as I receive reports." Blake did not try to hide his amusement. He enjoyed watching the effect his words had on me.

"What do we do until then? Do we just sit and wait?" That was exactly what I wanted to do, but I did not want to tip Blake off to my growing unease.

"We have her where we want her. It is possible that she will lead us to more traitors. The Resistance has help all over Energo that must be vanquished." Blake slammed his fists on the wooden table, making the pile of books in front of him topple.

I caught sight of a few of the book titles but they were written in an old language rarely used. I did recognize one title-Mortis Resurgam. Before I could try to decipher more, Blake pushed the books away forcibly. I flinched when they hit the floor, and it took me a moment to regain my composure. "And you will alert me when you are ready to move in on her?"

"Absolutely. As always, any decisions regarding the Essence are entirely up to you."

"If that is all the news, I will go work with my men." I needed to get away to organize my thoughts. I pushed my chair out, nodding to both men. As soon as I walked through the entryway, Norman slammed the door behind me.

I paused outside the doorway, letting out a breath I had not realized I was holding. Even though I did not wish to speak with Norman, I wanted to know his intentions. I pressed my ear against the door to listen. I did not expect to hear much, since Blake had not bothered to post a guard outside the door, but any information could be important.

"What are we going to do with them when we find them?" Norman asked.

"Kill them, of course." Blake's voice was hollow and completely devoid of emotion.

"Even the girl?" Norman sounded surprised. I could hardly breathe as I waited for Blake's response.

"We will put her with her mother, but allow for entrance so we can take her out often enough to stop another Essence from being born."

Anger engulfed me. He discussed Charlotte as though she were an animal. I tensed to reenter the room, but held back, aware that I would accomplish nothing if I were too hasty.

"James must have told Charlotte where her mother is being held. They are headed straight for Icentris." Blake's words took time to sink in. All of the time Charlotte had been robbed of her mother, Blake had been keeping Emma in a prison. How he was able to keep the Essence against her will evaded me, and I knew that the answer would not be pleasant.

"And what of her Gerard? Surely he will figure it out."

"It is not as though I have never had to slay a Gerard before." Blake laughed dryly. Blake was readily admitting that he had killed Emma's Gerard, a crime he had pinned on a Zatamanian, setting off war.

I heard the scratch of a chair move and quickly walked down the corridor. I wanted to hear the rest of the conversation, but I did not want to risk Blake's wrath. I had to make sure Charlotte was safe.

Rage swelled inside of me. Blake had admitted to kidnapping Emma, intended to do the same to Charlotte, and planned to kill me. I knew he was dark, but I had no idea how cruel and macabre he could be. I wanted nothing more than to march back into the room and kill him, but I understood that, Gerard or not, I did not have the means to dispose of him. Blake held the power in Bellgard. In my naivete, I had believed Blake was only trying to mentor me and would eventually abdicate. I could not have been more wrong. I forced myself to continue walking back to my room, even though it hurt to fight the natural urge to kill the person who wished to harm my Essence.

I needed to see Charlotte. I had to protect her, and I knew we would both be stronger if we were together. Charlotte's departure had played right into Blake's hand, weakening me and strengthening his stronghold. I went to my room and penned a letter to Charlotte, imploring her to meet with me.

Understanding that I would arouse suspicions with an immediate departure, I went in search of William. I found him in the barracks, preparing for bed. "I have an important job for you."

"Anything you need." William put on his tunic and eyed me seriously.

"I want you to find Charlotte and take her this letter." I passed William the paper that felt like a weight in my hand.

"Of course, but should I not simply retrieve her? Or do you wish to do that yourself?"

I could sense William's excitement. I did not want to take her by surprise. Recognizing that William would not understand, I gave him no explanation. "This is the way I wish to proceed. Will you do it, or must I find someone else?" It was an idle threat. There was no one else I trusted.

"I will dispatch immediately. I only wanted to ask." William looked at me strangely before grabbing his weapons. "Where is she?"

"She is north of Malian. I assume that she will camp in the Drewberg forest." I trusted William, but allowing anyone from Bellgard close to her worried me.

Once William was ready, I followed him out to the stables. He prepared his horse without another word.

"Be quick and be well." I watched as his horse disappeared into the night.

I hoped that my written words would be enough to persuade Charlotte to trust me. I assumed the physical pull existed for her, too, and maybe she would find it in herself to forgive me for my past mistakes. If nothing else, she needed to trust me. Our very lives depended on it.

Chapter Eleven:

Charlotte

There had been many times in my life when I would have loved pretending to be Liam's girlfriend. The entire time I was in Alaska, I thought about the one time I had kissed him and what it would be like to do it again. Somehow, it wasn't quite as comfortable to pretend at the moment.

"Remember the story and stick to it." Monty found it necessary to remind us of the same thing about twenty times as we headed toward the checkpoint. He was only watching out for us, but I was tired of him treating me like a silly little girl who couldn't follow directions. Between Monty's overprotectiveness, James's weirdness, and how awkward I felt about pretending to be with Liam, I was about to lose it.

"It is okay to feel doubt, Charlotte." Lawson gave me a reassuring smile as he shifted his pack.

"Doubt? What do you mean?"

"I realize we do not know each other well, but I can tell that none of this has been easy on you. Becoming the Essence is difficult for one raised for it, and you did not have any warning or preparation. May I speak candidly?"

"Yes, of course."

Lawson took a deep breath as though debating whether to continue. "You are too hard on yourself. You expect to be perfect, but that is unrealistic. Perhaps if you focused less on potential failures, it would come easier."

I didn't answer right away. Although I was thrown off by Lawson's words, they made complete sense. I needed to stop beating myself up. I wasn't perfect, nor would I ever be, but that didn't mean I couldn't be successful. "Thank you."

Lawson smiled. "You are welcome. I am glad I did not offend you."

"No, I appreciate the honesty." Even though I had only known Lawson a few days, I really enjoyed his company. He had the same good-natured personality as Henry, but with more maturity. I was glad to have him with us.

The rest of the group hung back so we could catch up, effectively ending my conversation with Lawson.

"Charlotte and Liam, from now until we are through the checkpoint, you stay glued together." I didn't wait for Monty to repeat himself. I moved over to stand next to Liam.

"Not a problem." Liam grinned at me as he arched an eyebrow. Only Liam could keep his sense of humor in such a tense situation. If he felt as awkward as I did, he didn't show it.

"So you really think this is going to work?" I asked, hoping Monty had some words of encouragement.

"We have no other choice." I was startled by James's response. He had said barely two words to me all day.

"I get that. I was trying to get some reassurance."

"You are not a child, Charlotte. Reassure yourself." James's words hurt. He had the unique ability to make me feel like nothing with only a few words. I couldn't figure out why he was acting even harsher than usual. Wasn't it just two days ago that he was kissing me?

"Ignore him." Liam put his arm around my shoulders and pulled me to him. "Everything is going to be okay."

I leaned into Liam and hoped he was right.

***

No one had to tell me we were getting close to the checkpoint because I could feel it. The fear in the pit of my stomach grew, and I had goose bumps all over. I pulled the hood of the cloak tighter around my head, grateful it was cold enough that I looked normal doing it. Liam's arm tightened around me, and I took a deep breath.

Set up in the middle of nowhere, the checkpoint consisted of a line of soldiers. Blake knew our destination; that was the only explanation for the checkpoint. I shouldn't have been surprised. I was sure Blake assumed that James would tell me where my mother was. My body went cold all of a sudden. What if I had been wrong all along and James was still in league with Blake? What if it was all a setup? I tried to quell the thought, but it wouldn't fully disappear.

Liam must have felt me stiffen. "You okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." It was better not to give Liam any more of a reason to hate James. I would have to deal with my sudden suspicions on my own first.

We hadn't run into any other travelers that day, so I wasn't surprised to find the soldiers alone. The nearly thirty men composing the stop all wore the black uniform of the Bravado. I hoped that none of the men were ones I had met at the castle; that would make it even more likely they would recognize me.

Monty led our group toward the line.

"What is the nature of your travels this far north?" a large redheaded guard asked.

"My brother and his promised are to be united at the Falls. We want to make it before the end of the season," Monty explained.

I willed my eyes to remain fixed on the ground so I wouldn't inadvertently ruin the charade.

The redhead did not seem convinced. "Where is the rest of your party?"

"The girl has no family, and my brothers and I are all that is left of ours."

"I see." As Monty and the man conversed, the other Bravado guards circled, scrutinizing us.

"Take off the cloak."

I glanced up automatically, startled to see a man with a large scar across his face staring at me.

"She will do no such thing. I will not have my betrothed exposed to the elements." Liam gave the man a steely glance and pulled me closer. His use of the word betrothed surprised me. He stayed in character so well.

The cold air shocked my face as the scarred guard pulled back my hood. "I see why you were hiding her. Pretty girl." The man reached toward my face, but Liam captured his fist in his hand.

"Do not touch her!" Liam bellowed, hesitating a moment before releasing the man's fist. We had the attention of all of the guards.

A blond man sauntered closer and started to laugh. "She is about to become yours forever, and you want to deprive us a peek?"

Liam struggled to push me behind him. I didn't mean to fight him, but I was too nervous to move. I was surprised James hadn't gotten involved yet. Once again, I felt a seed of doubt grow in the pit of my stomach, but then I realized James also had to hide his face. The Bravado would be sure to recognize him.

"You have had your fun. Now we must be on our way." Monty spoke with an air of authority I rarely heard him use.

The man with the scar gave Monty an appraising look. "Why in such a rush? We have barely gotten to know you."

"It is cold. We must make it to camp before nightfall."

"Well, it is getting late. Why not join us for your camp tonight? I assure you we will take good care of your precious cargo." I didn't need to look up to know he was talking about me. I instinctively moved closer to Liam. A strong hand settled on my back, and I realized Lawson had moved to my other side.

"That will not be necessary; we will be on our way." Monty started to move forward, but the red-haired soldier blocked him with his arm.

"I must insist. It looks like a storm is coming, and I cannot in good conscience leave a girl out there in the weather." He gave me a smile with implications I didn't like. I wished I could change the weather, but that would give me away.

Monty nodded toward Lawson and Liam. "Her welfare is not your concern. She is with us."

"You do not really believe that, do you?" The red-haired man moved within inches of Monty.

"Of course we do. As I said, she has no family. She chose to agree to the union."

"You can stop the pretense. We know who you are. Or shall I say, we know who she is." I shivered as the scarred man ran his fingers through my hair.

Monty wiped his forehead. "I do not know what you are talking about."

"The girl belongs to the Gerard. And the welfare of the Essence is certainly our concern." The blond man appeared ready to try to touch me again.

James jumped in front of me. "This is only going to end one way."

"I thought that was you. Still playing games, James?" Scarface asked.

In the blink of an eye, everyone had their swords drawn.

"What do you need to let us pass?" James's voice was hard, and I felt guilty for my earlier doubts.

"Like we want anything you have. Too bad she is off limits." The man's smile was cruel, and I cringed.

"I can pay you a lot more than you are getting from my father."

"And how much is that?" The red-haired man sounded curious, and I became hopeful.

James pulled a small black satchel from his bag and held it toward the soldiers. Red-hair looked into the bag, but James pulled it away before he could grab it. "Shall we discuss terms?"

A confused expression crossed the soldier's face. "What terms do you want? We let you go, and you give us the gold."

"That might be enough for one bag. What can we negotiate for two?" For once, I was relieved to see the familiar smirk on James's face.

"What do you want?" Red-hair asked.

"You report none of this to my father. You never saw us."

"And how do you expect to hold us to that?"

"Do you really want to question me?" With his sword raised, James moved toward the man. "Do you know what my father would do to you if he knew you were accepting a bribe?"

"Give us both bags, and we never saw you."

"My pleasure." James pulled a second pouch from his pack. He threw the bags of gold into the woods. "Have a nice night."

Liam and Lawson pushed me forward, and I tried to calm my shaking. The thought of going back to Blake terrified me, as did the thought of failing my mother. We had to get to her. We moved at a quick pace, but I couldn't help constantly glancing behind me.

"They are not following us, Charlotte. Trust me," James said.

"If you say so," I responded barely loud enough for him to hear.

Evidently, he had good hearing. "I do. Come on. We have to keep moving so we can get far enough away to make camp."

James disappeared in the distance, presumably to seek out a good campsite. Liam and Lawson were both still tight against my sides, and I could feel Monty behind me. For all my complaining, I was glad to have so many strong guys with me.

Chapter Twelve

Kevin

I woke up stiff as a board from sleeping on the floor. I could have asked for the bed after all of the excitement with Ollis agreeing to back us, but considering Bry was the one who had gotten us the room in the first place, I let him have it. My body protested, making me regret the decision.

I stood and stretched. "So what are the plans for today?"

"You meet the rest of the council. But first, we have breakfast." Bry smiled. Evidently, he had slept well.

After a quick shower-it was nice to see that Alak had indoor plumbing-I followed Bry and Henry downstairs to the lobby. We walked over to the front desk and were each handed a brightly colored drink. Mine was red. I was prepared for something disgusting, but was pleasantly surprised to discover that it tasted like a fruit smoothie. Between the plumbing and the smoothie, Alak started earning serious points with me.

Unlike the night before, tables were set up throughout the large glass room. We immediately walked over to where Samantha, Naomi, and Ada sat with their own drinks.

"Good morning, Kevin." Samantha's cheerfulness caught me off guard.

"Good morning. Did you sleep well?" I hoped I didn't sound too lame.

"Very well. Thank you for asking."

After an awkward silence, I asked, "So what happens when I meet the council?"

"Ultimately you need to persuade them to join us, but for today, your goal is to convince the council to hold a public hearing." Bry said that as though he actually believed it answered my question.

"You don't have any other advice?"

"Don't stare, and try to hide how little you understand of our ways." Naomi pushed back her chair and stood.

"Are we ready to go?" Bry sounded calm and collected. I wished I felt that way.

"Sure. I mean I'm so prepared. Why wait?" Sarcasm wasn't my best trait, but I couldn't hold back. No one even responded.

***

Bry, Naomi, and I headed out to the meeting. Henry and Samantha wouldn't be allowed into the council meeting, so they stayed back. I was relieved Samantha wouldn't be joining us-one less stress. The streets were crowded again, but I enjoyed the city feel. It didn't take long to arrive at the dome that housed the council's chambers and meeting room. Steep steps led up to the grand entryway, and I felt as if we were walking into a NFL game rather than an important meeting with heads of nations.

We followed Bry down a long hallway before coming to a stop in front of an arched doorway. We entered an enormous room filled with stadium seating. It reminded me of the large lecture halls at school. There was one long table at the front surrounded by chairs, all but four taken by men and women wearing serious expressions. I recognized Ollis and nodded at him. He smiled slightly in response. The stadium part of the room was completely empty, making me feel as though I was either really early or really late for an event.

I took my spot, seated between Bry and Naomi, and tried to prepare myself as I did before a game. I failed miserably. With a game, I knew what to expect. I had no idea what the council meeting would involve. I nervously tapped my fingers on the smooth metal table. I turned toward the door when a tall man with waist-length blond hair and piercing blue eyes sauntered into the room. I had a feeling he was not a guy to mess with, but I couldn't hold back a small chuckle. He looked like he had stepped off the cover of a romance novel.

"Is something amusing you, Winthrop?" The blond asked.

"No, nothing." Once again, it seemed strange that someone knew who I was before I introduced myself. It felt even stranger in Alak than it had in Chapel Hill. I preferred the notoriety of basketball.

"I am surprised you were willing to grace us with your presence. I would have thought you were too busy with your infantile existence."

Bry grabbed my arm before I could bolt out of my seat. I already disliked that guy, and he evidently felt the same about me.

"How nice to see you again, Alexander," Bry said, but didn't appear too pleased about it.

"Quit the pleasantries. I see no reason why we are even holding this meeting." Alexander exuded annoyance as he took the last remaining seat at the table.

"We are here to decide whether to hold a public council meeting on the issue of aiding Energo's Resistance. This is an issue that requires the full council, as you well know." The ancient guy sitting at the head of the table addressed Alexander in a strong voice that seemed odd coming from a man his age. With his long white beard and dark eyes, he looked like a textbook example of a wizard; all he needed was the hat. Less than five minutes into the meeting, I'd met Fabio and Dumbledore-the day was getting better and better. I wished Liam was with me because he would be thinking exactly the same thing.

Naomi elbowed me. "That is Marquis, the senior councilman." From her tone, I could tell she respected him. I'd have to keep the wizard references to myself.

I looked around the table. An eclectic mix of people represented the different nations. Ollis sat to the right of Naomi, who sat next to a Zale. I was pulled from my musing by Alexander's angry voice. "I see no reason why we should involve ourselves in the politics of Energo."

Surprised that we had jumped right into the debate, I didn't know how to respond. Luckily, others weren't as tongue-tied.

"The politics of Energo? Are you blind to the destruction Blake is bringing to all of our lands?" Bry thundered.

"Regardless, we have nothing to gain from backing this young Winthrop."

"Nothing to gain?" Naomi said incredulously.

"I am sure he is weak, just like the rest of the recent line," Alexander sneered.

I didn't get the connection at first. Once I realized he was trying to put down my sister, I had to jump in. "You know nothing about Charlotte. How could you call her weak?"

"She is weak like her mother. Emma ran away when we all needed her, and she caused half this mess. At least she had the excuse of a dead Gerard. This new Essence chose to leave her Gerard. How can we trust an Essence who cannot be loyal?"

My blood boiled, and I couldn't stay in my seat any longer. The guy was putting down both my mother and sister. "My sister left her Gerard because he was supporting a corrupt man. The same man you all know is behind the destruction."

"What do you know of our situation, Winthrop? You were raised in the lost world, and from what I hear, you spend your days playing for sport. What kind of leader could you ever hope to be?"

"I may not be from Energo, but I'm still part of it. I care about the outcome as much as the rest of you."

"We should listen to the young man." Ollis stood and nodded in my direction. "He is genuine."

"You are only saying that because he could match your drinking." A tall woman with a snake wrapped around her spoke for the first time. "Alexander may well be right. What do we know of this boy?"

"I know a true man when I meet one. I do not need years to form my opinion." Ollis's hulking form was formidable. I gave the snake lady credit for even questioning him.

"Kevin is determined to rid Energo of Blake. What else do you need to know?" Naomi challenged.

"He suddenly showed up after eighteen years. Does no one else find that suspect?" Clearly, Alexander wasn't finished attacking me.

My frustration grew. "I didn't even know anything existed beyond my own world until last year."

"Your world? See? He still views himself as of the lost world. That proves my point." When I heard the murmurs of agreement, I recognized that I was in trouble.

Bry rose to his feet. "It is evident that this meeting is getting nowhere. You have already decided to vote against our cause and are merely trying to rally more support for yourself. There is sufficient evidence to warrant a public hearing. We should reconvene in one day's time for the hearing and a vote." When I saw Naomi push back her chair, I did the same.

Alexander stood up, knocking his chair over in the process. "I will agree to it, but I want the record to reflect that I do not believe this needs a public hearing or a vote."

"Duly noted, Alexander, but there will be both a hearing and a vote." Marquis did not appear to be much of an Alexander fan either. "We meet in one day's time to put this issue to rest. Session dismissed."

Bry and Naomi waited for me outside the room. Their faces were unreadable, so I couldn't figure out if they thought the meeting went well.

"Are you ready?" Naomi asked before she took off down the hallway. We pushed through the sea of people in the streets and walked back in silence. We found Samantha and Henry waiting in the lobby, and Naomi filled them in while we headed back to our room.

"What do we do now?" Even though afraid of the answer, I had to ask.

"You become a great orator." Bry sounded so serious that I tried not to laugh.

"An orator? Like a speaker?"

"Yes. You have to convince the counsel to fight with us. Alexander has a lot of sway, but I would like to think that the council will see reason in your words if they would only listen."

"At least we know you do not suffer from stage fright." Henry smiled.

"We do?"

"Come on, Kevin. You play basketball in front of thousands of people every week, and I have seen one of your interviews on TV." Henry stifled a yawn.

"That's completely different."

"Why?" Samantha and Henry asked simultaneously.

"Basketball and everything about it comes naturally. Making pro-war speeches, not so much."

Naomi sat up, leaning up against the wall. "The reason sports come easy to you is that it is in your blood to be athletic. It is the same with being a good speaker. You just have to trust in yourself."

"You guys keep talking about it being in my blood, but I don't have quite that much faith."

"Yes, you do. Stop playing dumb." Samantha's tone was sharp, but I was too distracted from watching her do leg stretches. Man, I had it bad. I was glad Marcus wasn't there to see me; he would never have let me live it down.

I snapped out of it long enough to answer, "I'm not playing dumb."

"Think about it, Kevin. You are a Guardian and the brother of the Essence, which means you were born to be a leader." Henry's tone was reassuring, and I tried to soak up some of his optimism.

"All right, so all I need to do is channel my inner strength as a leader and come up with a speech worthy of convincing a bunch of people to sacrifice their lives, right?"

"Exactly. Glad to see you get it." Bry paused for a beat before breaking into a smile.

I let out a deep breath. One day had never seemed so short.

Chapter Thirteen

Charlotte

Everything after the checkpoint blended together. The endless prairie, spotted with small sections of forest, became monotonous. It didn't help that the farther north we moved, the colder it got. I kept motivated by thinking of how amazing it would be to see my mom again. Still, I couldn't vanquish thoughts of Calvin. The surge of excitement over the thought of seeing him had disappeared. All that remained was hurt.

I lost track of time as the day moved from morning into afternoon, and was unprepared when we heard the sound of a horse approaching.

"Get her out of here!" James screamed.

Liam picked me up and dove with me into the underbrush at the edge of the woods. Liam silenced my protest by putting a finger to his lips, signaling for me to keep quiet. It seemed strange and almost rehearsed to interact with Liam that way, making the threat seem more real.

The sound of hooves grew closer as I lay in the woods with Liam, both of us tense and silent.

A clear voice carried across the previously silent landscape. "I know she is in there. There is no point trying to hide her." Although I didn't immediately recognize the voice, I had my suspicions.

Monty asked, "What business do you have with the Essence?"

"You speak as though you have authority over the Essence. The only one in that position is her Gerard, and I seek the Essence to give her a message from him."

My suspicions proved accurate when I heard William's words. I jumped to my feet, ready to give away my location.

Liam grabbed my arm, holding me back. "It could be a trap."

"It's not a trap." Even though I had started to doubt my intuition because of my weird feelings about James, I knew William wasn't going to kidnap me. Liam loosened his hold, and I moved toward the path.

"May I have the message?" I asked, nearing William's horse.

James jumped in front of me reaching for the sheet of paper William held in his hand. "Give me the message. I will pass it to her."

"No, James. I'll take it myself." I had no idea what the note would say, but I didn't want James reading it.

William leapt off his horse and handed the note to me. As I took it from his hand, he grabbed my wrist and pulled me toward him. "I can take you to Calvin. Will you come with me?"

"Let go of her!" Liam and James yelled simultaneously.

William released my wrist when I grimaced. "So will you accompany me?"

"I will read his message, but I can't come." I rubbed my wrist, turning to walk away from William before I could change my mind.

"As you wish," William said bitterly. I heard gravel fly as he took off down the road.

I sensed all eyes on me as I opened the letter. The off-white paper felt more like canvas, and the beautiful script inside surprised me. For someone relatively uneducated, Calvin had better penmanship than I did.

My Dearest Charlotte,

It has been months since we were last together, and I deeply regret the way events played out. Not a single day has passed when I have not longed to see you. A promise made to myself has prevented me from seeking you out. I wanted to allow you to make your own decisions and to return to me on your own terms, but I can no longer wait. You were right. I will not say more in this letter for fear of it being intercepted, but know that the wedge keeping us apart is gone.

I am sending this note with William, and you should receive it in a day's time. Please meet with me tonight. All I ask is that you speak with me once. I will not keep you against your will. I swear that to you. It is urgent that we speak. I will come for you. I know that you will feel my presence and be able to find me.

Know that I love you and will forever.

Calvin

I knew I'd have to meet him. It had been far too long to resist the urge to see him, even if only for a moment. I could trust him. If he planned to kidnap me, he wouldn't have bothered with a letter.

"What did it say, Charlotte?" Monty didn't even try to beat around the bush.

"It's private." I didn't want to hide the truth from him, but there was no way he would ever let me meet with Calvin alone.

Liam flinched, and I felt a little guilty. I didn't know if the movement was because of what I said or because he knew I was hiding something. I tried not to worry about it. Instead, I began obsessing over what it would be like to see Calvin again.

***

The rain started unexpectedly. As the storm worsened, we took shelter in a small cave buried deep in the woods. I spent most of the late afternoon glued to the fire. By nightfall, the storm had passed, but we decided to stay put for the night. As glad as I was that we had found the cave, I worried Calvin wouldn't be able to find us so far off of the usual path. I hoped he was right and we could sense one another.

We all went to sleep early, and James agreed to take the first watch. I pretended to sleep, while really waiting for my chance to slip out. My eyes grew heavy, and several times, I almost fell asleep. If I wanted to see Calvin, I would have to use my abilities. I remembered seeing an old tree leaning close to the side of the cave. Closing my eyes, I pictured the tree and willed it to bend until it snapped.

"What the...?" James jumped up from his spot by the fire and hurried outside. Quickly pulling on my boots and wrapping my cloak around me, I didn't waste any time. I stuffed my pillow and extra blanket into my sleeping bag, hoping James wouldn't notice me missing in the dim firelight. I headed for the cave entrance, praying James would still be out searching for the cause of the noise. Glancing back momentarily, I thought I saw Liam stir, but I kept moving. He didn't call out, so I assumed that he had fallen back to sleep. The cold hit me when I walked out into the open air, and my cloak did little to help. I pulled the fabric closer around me, but the wind still tore in. The ground was wet, almost saturated, and I was glad that my Energo wardrobe included boots. I moved away from the cave without running into James.

Before I could even reach out to Calvin's presence, he had his arms around me. I started to speak, but a hand gently covered my mouth. Even in the pitch black, I knew the hand belonged to Calvin. I instantly recognized the feel of his arms, his smell, and the way it felt to be pressed against him. My body almost went limp, I was so relieved to be near him again. It was as if I could finally let go of all of the stress and fear I had bottled inside over the past year. As I let him lead me further away, I wondered if he felt the same way. A small part of me knew I should be fearful. I could very well be walking into a trap, but I just knew I was safe.

We walked further in silence; Calvin tucked me perfectly against his side. Eventually, I noticed a faint light, and realized it came from a lantern on the ground next to a horse. Calvin helped me up before mounting in front of me. Wrapping my arms around his waist, I held on tight as we rode through the night. I probably held on tighter than I needed, afraid that if I loosened my hold he would disappear. The only other time I had been on a horse had been with James when he first took me to Bellgard. The contrast of the experiences was extreme.

Calvin stopped the horse suddenly, and I squinted in the darkness to see where we were. When Calvin held up the lantern, I realized that we were in front of a single stable next to a small house. He helped me down, tied up the horse, and swept me off my feet without warning to carry me inside. The house was one large room, but I barely took in the surroundings. In the low light of the single lantern, we watched each other for a moment before he kissed me. It was like the first time all over again; I was overwhelmed. My hands moved up and twisted themselves in his thick black hair, pulling him closer to me. All of my anger melted away, and it was only us. Calvin lightly put me down on the bed and lay down next to me. I made myself pull away so I could look at him, but his kiss had left me breathless, and after a moment, I rested my head.

"Charlotte," Calvin breathed, positioning himself on one elbow so he could look down at me. He played with my hair as he smiled, seemingly at a loss for words.

"Calvin," I said slowly when my breathing had calmed enough to speak.

"You came."

"Did you doubt it?"

"I feared you were still too angry to see me. After you left me... Charlotte, I do not know how much more I can take."

"I love you, Calvin. I have thought of you almost constantly this past year. I didn't want to leave you, but I had to." All plans of yelling at him had disappeared the moment I found myself back in his arms. I didn't know how much time we had together, and I wasn't willing to waste it.

"Your loyalty to your family is admirable." Calvin sounded so formal. By the expression on his face, I gathered he would rather we not have to use words at all. His eyes told such a different story, filled with happiness, relief, and even lust.

"It's not just to my family." I didn't want to discuss politics, but my decision to leave had been the best decision for all of Energo.

"I will not pretend to fully understand what made you decide to leave, but I believe you are right about Blake." Calvin's gaze never left my face. His eyes pleaded with me to believe him.

"You do?" I struggled to sit up, and Calvin helped me, letting me lean back into him.

"Blake refuses to abdicate authority. I thought at first it was my inexperience with Bellgard policies, but I can tell now he has no intention of turning Energo over to us." Calvin emphasized the last word. He made me realize that, with all of my doubts, the bond between us had never been questioned; we were a couple whether physically together or not.

Still leaning against him, I picked up his hand and traced designs across it. Even though Calvin had not worked in a field for well over a year, his hands were still calloused. It would have been so easy to lose myself in the moment, but we had to finish our conversation, even if Blake was the last thing in the world I wanted to discuss.

"Calvin, he's planning to attack the Resistance, we have to stop him."

"I know, and I will do all I can. But I have to be careful." Calvin pulled me tighter to him.

Although Calvin's letter had suggested he was on our side, hearing him say it was incredible. Not only would it be wonderful to be close to Calvin again, it also meant a strengthening of my power.

"You'll come back with me, then? Maybe if we can get my mom, we can find a way to stop Blake." My excitement intensified.

"I want to stay by your side more than anything, but I will be of greater use if I can maintain the guise of supporting Blake." Calvin turned me around so I faced him.

My heart dropped. "I don't want to be separated from you again." I could feel the tears starting, and didn't try to fight them. I didn't care if Calvin saw how much the thought of leaving him hurt. I had done enough pretending over the past year to last a lifetime.

"I will not be far from you, Charlotte. Even if I wanted to, I could not allow you to be so far away again. We have barely been reunited, but I can feel our bond growing. It is going to hurt even more when we separate this time." Calvin's eyes locked with mine, and I couldn't have looked away if I tried. His eyes were once again so expressive I could have drowned in them.

"I can't imagine it hurting any worse. I don't think I would have made it through this year without my friends and family." I didn't want to hurt him, but I wanted to tell him the truth. I wanted him to know everything about me.

"Then I am glad you had them." He paused for a moment. "All of them." He watched me intently.

Maybe it was his expression or the oppressive feel of the air between us, but in that pause I realized that he knew about the kiss with James. I must have been right about William.

"It meant nothing, you know. He was just-"

"Shh... I know. I never doubted you. Of course, I still want to hurt James for touching you, but you should feel no guilt. I know that you belong to me." He shifted nervously, probably because the last time he told me I belonged to him, I freaked out and told him he didn't own me.

"As you belong to me." He appeared surprised at my words, but I wasn't. The year apart had made me realize the intensity of our bond, and that belonging to someone had more meanings than one.

"That I do. I have belonged to you since the first moment we met." I could see the excitement in his eyes, and it felt good to be the cause of his happiness.

"So what now? Do we really go our separate ways again? I mean, I know it's not a choice, but-"

"You need to continue your journey to find your mother. You need her help and guidance. I will assist as possible, but I cannot raise suspicion yet." He paused. "I will not let anything happen to you. I promise I will protect you, even if from a distance. But right now, we enjoy our time together. I need to get you back before anyone in your party realizes that you are gone, but we still have a few hours. I do not plan to waste a minute of it."

I settled into Calvin's arms and lost myself in his presence.

Chapter Fourteen

Kevin

It felt as though we had just arrived back at the hotel before we were leaving again. The night disappeared in the blink of an eye, and right after breakfast, we headed out the door. Bry and I were the only ones going, and I kind of wished Samantha, Henry, or Naomi were going, too. Bry seemed like a cool guy, and he helped a lot in the council chambers, but I still didn't know him enough to want to spend the afternoon with him. When he told me he knew a place where I could get help preparing my speech, I agreed to go with him immediately, but my enthusiasm wavered when I found out we were going to see a tree.

"You are the one who claimed to need help. I am bringing you to the one thing that can help you," Bry tried to reassure me as we climbed the steep, rocky terrain. The Alak wilds, as Bry called it, weren't very far from the city limits.

"And talking to a tree is supposed to help me?" I probably sounded insulting, but exhaustion and stress tended to make me act that way. I trusted Bry, but he stretched my patience with the whole tree business.

"I cannot fathom your lack of faith. After all, you are both the brother and son of an Essence." Bry's disbelief didn't help his case.

"What do my mom and sister have to do with a talking tree?"

Bry sighed. "It is not a talking tree; it is a tree that can pass on knowledge. And your family has everything to do with it. You are so connected to the Source, yet you refuse to accept that there are other vessels tied to it."

"I try not to focus on what Charlotte can actually do, and honestly, my mom is still just my mom to me. Maybe if I see her again, I'll feel differently." I hadn't really thought about the fact that my mom used to be an Essence, and I didn't particularly want to.

"Keep an open mind. I believe the ancient oak will give you the confidence and strength you need."

"Strength? Now a tree is going to give me strength?" I started to reassess my trust in Bry. He sounded weirder and weirder.

"Yes. We all know you have physical strength, Kevin, but you need to tap into your inner strength as well." Bry shook his head in frustration.

We finished the climb in silence, neither of us interested in arguing further. Rounding the crest of the hill, I was shocked by the hulking trunk that stood in front of me. The tree trunk was not only massive, but so tall I had to crane my neck to see even the lowest branches. The only thing that even compared to it was Angel Oak back home outside of Charleston.

"What am I supposed to do?" Looking at the tree, I felt even weirder about talking to it.

"Touch it and open your mind."

I half expected Bry to call me a Jedi and turn into Yoda. "I thought you said I had to talk to it?"

Bry smirked. "I did. But you did not really expect to talk the way we talk to one another, did you?"

I tentatively reached out and placed my hand on the trunk. Nothing happened, and I turned toward Bry for guidance.

"Open your mind, Kevin." Bry shook his head as if he thought I was stupid.

I tried again. I placed a hand on the tree, took a deep breath, and... nothing. I started to get frustrated when I was hit by an intense pressure in my head. Flashes of images and thoughts flooded my brain. I couldn't see anything beyond the nearly overwhelming visions. My momentary fear was replaced by understanding as the pressure subsided. I let go of the tree.

"Did you hear what you needed?"

"I'm supposed to focus on family, focus on Charlotte..."

Bry interrupted, "No need to tell me, Kevin. Only you need to know."

I shrugged and tried to comb through the new ideas flowing through my head. I wondered if the feeling was similar to how Charlotte felt when she used her abilities. The images and ideas blended into my own thoughts so that by the time we reached the base of the hill, I could no longer separate the foreign thoughts from my own.

***

After returning from the tree, I had just enough time to grab something to eat before we headed back to the council hall. Samantha and Henry came with us. The room looked exactly the same, except nearly every seat in the room was taken, with even more people standing around the edges. Glancing at the seated council members, I took my seat at the long table and tried to keep my cool. I was thankful to be seated between Bry and Naomi again. I knew that when it came time to give the speech, I would be on my own, but until then, it was nice to be surrounded by friends. Friends-it was funny how quickly my small group of companions had become my friends. Maybe it was because I didn't have Liam and Monty with me. As much as I missed them, I was glad they were with Charlotte. Things probably weren't any easier for her right now, and I wanted her to have all the help she could get.

I felt pretty good about things until Alexander entered. He shot me a venomous look as he crossed the room to take his seat. I really didn't understand why the guy hated me so much. Naomi and Bry had told me that he was antagonistic all the time, but his reaction seemed personal. I chalked it up to my status in Energo, but it still bothered me.

Marquis was the last to enter, and instead of taking his seat at the head of the table, he stood facing us with his back to the audience. "We meet today to determine whether the Pact lends support to the Resistance in Energo. Kevin Winthrop will speak for the Resistance, and Alexander will be speaking against our involvement. I will turn the floor over to both men now." Marquis preformed a half bow before moving over to his chair.

I didn't have time to consider standing up before Alexander pushed back his chair and addressed the council. "Most of you know my dislike for Blake and the leadership at Bellgard, but Energo's politics are not our concern. We cannot trust the Winthrops, and we have no proof of this boy's intentions or loyalty. For all we know, he is working for Blake, and this is a ploy to get us to leave our lands unprotected and at risk. We must protect our own people instead of joining a fledgling resistance that is doomed to fail. I would say more, but there is no need. You all already realize that I am right. We must hear this foreign child, but afterward, let us put this issue to rest."

Murmurs of agreement spread through the crowd. Several council members nodded, but I ignored them and focused on those who did support me. Standing to face the audience seemed like the appropriate thing to do, even though the council would be the ones making the vote. I found Samantha in the crowd, and she gave me an encouraging smile.

"I understand that you each come from different nations and are most concerned with what happens within the borders of your homeland. I understand that you are afraid of the sacrifices required to step outside of your borders and take on Blake. I understand, but that doesn't mean I agree. Alexander was right when he told you that I spent the first eighteen years of my life somewhere else. But he is wrong about presuming it has any bearing on my dedication to Energo and taking out Blake's evil." I heard a gasp from someone in the audience.

"Yes, evil. I know that word is weighted, but when it comes to Blake, it's true. I know some of you don't know why you should trust me. Alexander might have you believe that I am secretly working for Blake, but that could not be further from the truth. So right here and now, I am going to put my cards on the table and show you why you need to believe me."

I paused and studied the sea of faces. I found Henry and Samantha, who were literally sitting on the edge of their seats. I didn't know if that was a good or bad thing. I turned to look down the line of faces at the table. Naomi and Bry both gave encouraging nods. I returned my attention to the crowd.

"How many of you have a family?" Hands went up around the room, and a quick glance told me that everyone at the table had a hand raised except for Alexander. I smiled when I noticed; that might work to my advantage. "Or if you have no family, how many of you have friends who are like a family?" More hands appeared.

"Try to picture what I am about to tell you." All eyes were on me; I swallowed and went with it. "You come home to find your sister missing. This is only a few years after being told your mother has died. You panic and soon discover your sister has been kidnapped and taken to another world. A situation many of you have faced, right?" I heard some light laughter.

"Okay, so next you learn that it is up to you to try to find your sister, but she might not want to come home at all because she is so in love with one of her captors. Yeah, crazy, I know-but true. And it gets worse. The only way your sister escapes is because someone puts a sword to her neck and threatens to kill her. During all of this, you are helpless to do anything."

"And then you find out that the same guy who was behind your sister's kidnapping was also behind your mom's disappearance because, get this, she wasn't really dead. So yeah, I have a pretty good reason to hate Blake and want to see him fall." I paused again and caught Samantha's eye. She was grinning.

"Although my story may seem bizarre, my family's suffering at the hands of Blake is not unique. Many of you have similar tales of the horrors committed under his leadership."

"Alexander claims Charlotte isn't loyal because she left her Gerard, but if you know anything about the Essence-Gerard bond, I'm sure you understand how hard it was for her to leave. Charlotte fought against the bond to do the right thing. Now, it's our turn. Sometimes doing what's right isn't easy, but that doesn't change its importance." I could feel the intensity in my voice, and I let it take over. "Sacrifice by its nature is hard, but we will have greater losses if we fail to act. It is paramount we defeat Blake. Should we wait for someone else's mother or sister to get kidnapped, or worse, killed before we do something?"

"Hell, no!" Ollis was on his feet, the contents of his mug sloshing over the sides as he smacked it down on the table.

Several men, so similar in appearance to Ollis that it was almost disconcerting, stood up in the audience. "We fight him!"

"We fight for our families, we fight for the Essence, and we fight for the Source." The leader of the Zales was on his feet as well-no one had introduced us, but I figured anyone that sparkled that much had to be a Zale.

Everywhere in the room, people pushed back their chairs to stand. I felt Bry's strong grip on my arm, and Naomi beamed.

The Zale started a chant. "For our families, the Essence, the Source!" echoed through the room. It seemed funny that people were chanting about my sister, but I knew it was a good thing. The only person still seated at the table was Alexander, and only a handful of people sat in the audience. I knew we had won. I joined the chant, feeling the intensity of the words flow over me.

"You did it!" I didn't see Samantha move to the front of the room, but I felt her arms around my neck and the quick peck of her lips against my cheek.

I smiled and pulled her closer, high on the success of the event and on the way it felt to have Samantha so close. I looked up and saw Henry wink at me. Some signs were universal.

Chapter Fifteen:

Charlotte

Calvin brought me back to the cave right before dawn, and I barely had time to settle into sleep before it was time to get up. I tried to hide my exhaustion but I was sure everyone noticed. Luckily, I was able to keep myself awake throughout the day by thinking about Calvin and how amazing it was to be with him again. Even sleep deprived, I felt recharged.

We stopped for lunch by a small stream to replenish our water supplies. Stretching out in the low grass, I enjoyed the bit of warmth the sun provided. Lawson kept us entertained with stories of his childhood with his brothers, and I laughed so hard my sides ached. Next time Henry gave me a hard time, I'd have to bring up some embarrassing tidbit from when he was a kid.

In the middle of one of Lawson's stories, I realized that James wasn't with us. "Where's James?"

Monty quirked an eyebrow. "Probably taking a walk."

"Oh, I didn't see him leave."

Liam studied my face. "I'm sure he'll be back soon."

Doubt flooded me once again. I started to picture James meeting with Blake's men, and worried that the entire trip was one big trap. I knew logically that my thoughts had no basis. Instinctively, I recognized that James had spoken the truth about my mother, but my imagination was on overdrive and overwhelmed rational thought.

"What's wrong? What aren't you telling me?" Liam asked quietly while Monty and Lawson talked.

"Nothing, don't worry about it." Even with all the mental doubts, I still felt that James was good. I didn't want to cause problems. I had to trust my instincts.

As we packed and prepared to leave, James reappeared with a sack overflowing with teal-colored berries. "Our supplies were running low, and I thought I recognized some berry bushes a little ways back."

***

There were no natural shelters to be found, so we slept out in the open that night. We were in an area that had once been dense forest, but had been cleared, leaving only a scattering of tree trunks. Thankfully, it wasn't snowing. I lay awake under the clear sky, staring up at the stars. I couldn't stop analyzing my feelings for Calvin. Reuniting with him felt so natural, so right-but almost too right. Liam took the first watch, so he was the only other one awake.

"How do you know if something is real?"

"You go with your gut." Liam readjusted his position, leaning against a large tree stump to face me.

"And what if your gut is wrong?" I didn't make eye contact, embarrassed even to be having doubts again. I wondered what had happened to all my confidence from the previous night.

"You hope for the best," Liam answered in barely a whisper. I glanced over at him. He gazed up at the sky, unaware that I watched him. "Have you noticed how different the night sky is here?"

"There are a lot more stars." I caught Liam's eye as I spoke, and the intensity of his gaze let me know that he knew about Calvin. "You didn't try to stop me."

"I admit I followed you until you got on the horse. I thought about trying to call you back, but realized that I had to let you go."

"Oh. I'm sorry I didn't tell you. I just-"

"I know, and I don't blame you." Liam's tone was calm, but something else was behind it.

"You trusted my judgment that much?" I sat up and pulled my knees to my chest.

"Of course. You're pretty intuitive now. I admit I still don't like the idea that you spend so much time with him." Liam nodded toward where James slept.

I laughed lightly. "After the way he kissed me the other night, I have to agree with you."

"But seriously, Charlotte, only you know what's real and what isn't. No one else can tell you what to think."

"Calvin says he's on our side now. He says he's going to help." I anxiously looked at Liam, wondering what he thought.

Liam shrugged. "I assumed as much."

"You did?"

"I figured the guy had to be smart enough to figure it out eventually. Besides, if he hadn't, why would he just visit with you for a night and let you go?"

"I know I can trust him, but my emotions are so out of control when it comes to Calvin."

"That's to be expected. I know the whole Gerard-Essence thing is supposed to be natural, but it's also weird. You're only seventeen, and you're tied to this guy you hardly know, who pretty much kept you prisoner. That has to be hard." Liam seemed nervous. I guessed he was afraid I wouldn't like his bluntness.

"You're right." I pulled the extra blanket tightly around me. "It is weird, but the part that's natural makes me forget the weirdness when I'm with him." I felt tongue-tied trying to explain it.

"And when you're not with him?" Liam's eyes searched my face for something.

His gaze unsettled me, and I paused briefly before responding, "When I'm not with him, I'm such a mess of emotions." I rested my head on my knees. I hated admitting weakness.

"You're not embarrassed, are you?"

"Of course I am. I feel weak." I took a deep breath before lifting my head.

"Weak? You're anything but weak."

"I appreciate it, Liam, but I know I am. If I can't control my emotions, how can I possibly be the Essence and help my mom or Energo?"

"You'll do what you have to do. You have it in you. You just need more confidence." He paused as if deciding what to say next. "Speaking of your mom, are you excited to see her?" He had the art of changing the subject down pat.

"I'm excited, but also nervous. Even if we can bring her back, it's going to be strange, isn't it?"

"Strange? Like too much has changed?"

"This is going to sound horrible, but I spent so long thinking she was dead that it's hard to simply pick back up where we left off. Besides, I now know that almost everything about her childhood was made up. She held back so much from us." It felt good to get my feelings out.

"But you know why she did, right?" Liam asked. "To protect you."

I didn't answer; there was nothing to say. We sat in comfortable silence for a few minutes. One of the things I loved about spending time with Liam was that neither of us worried about filling the empty spaces; we could just exist.

Liam finally broke the silence. "But seriously, Char, you need to get some sleep, okay?"

I thought about arguing, but I couldn't deny my exhaustion. It didn't take long to fall asleep, as talking to Liam about my feelings had helped ease the disquiet keeping me awake.

***

I woke up well rested. I had only slept a few hours, but it had been a deep, dreamless sleep that did wonders. After a quick breakfast, we packed up our gear and started to walk again.

"We will be there before nightfall." James's voice broke through the fog of my thoughts, and the meaning of his words hit me.

"We're going to see my mom tonight." I felt weak. I understood the whole purpose of the journey was to get to her, but as we got closer, my fear intensified.

Monty placed a comforting hand on my shoulder. "Charlotte, you need to prepare yourself. Your mother is not going to look like herself." When he touched me, I recognized the worry I carried that Monty was somehow upset with me. I guessed I had taken for granted the huge importance Monty held in my life, and the thought of disappointing him grated on me.

"What do you think she's going to look like?" I didn't really want to know, but I needed to ask.

James didn't give Monty the chance to answer. "She's in a sleep-like state. My father figured out how to keep her powers controlled."

"So how do we know Charlotte won't get hurt by whatever it is that has kept her mom weak?" Liam sounded concerned. I hadn't even thought about it.

"We don't." James's face was emotionless.

"I thought you were one of her Guardians. How could you knowingly lead her to danger?" Liam yelled.

"I am not going to let her get hurt. Besides, Charlotte wants to do this. It is a risk she is willing to take."

"You act like she's expendable. That's bull!" Liam yelled. I had never heard him so impassioned.

"Liam, no one is going to let anything happen to Charlotte. You know I would never put her in danger," Monty said.

"Even if it meant saving your sister?" Liam's words were thick with implications.

"I am not even going to answer that, Liam. Charlotte is my niece; I love her like my own daughter. I promised Emma I would always protect her children, and I have done my best."

"I know. I'm sorry. I don't like this." Liam wrung his hands and paced.

Watching Liam so distraught pushed me into action. I was done feeling sorry for myself; I had a job to do. "Okay. That's enough discussion on my safety; we're doing this. We've come too far to turn back. Besides, if we want the opportunity to defeat Blake, we have to get my mom."

We came to the crest of a hill, and everyone fell silent. A wall that appeared to be made completely of ice loomed in the distance. We walked further, the others surrounding me protectively, and I shivered just looking at it. When we finally reached the giant wall, I realized that a thick layer of ice coated it.

"Is this Icentris?" I asked, even though aware that it couldn't be anything else.

"It must be," James said evenly before closing the distance between us and the wall.

Liam pointed to a tall archway. "So do we just walk through that arch? There has to be a catch, right?" The archway appeared out of place between the large stone walls, as though it should hold a gate.

"I'd say we should scale the wall, but it is twice the height of the one at Bellgard, and even that one proved difficult." Monty touched the icy wall, as if to see if it were actually solid.

"If it is a trap, we are already caught. We are at risk out here in the open. We might as well enter." Lawson spoke with conviction, giving me some optimism.

"Let's do it." I started to walk through the arch, but James pushed me behind him.

"Now is not the time to play hero, Charlotte."

I expected the arch to open directly into a courtyard, like at Bellgard, but it led into a cave. From the entrance, I could see a faint source of light in the distance. Large icicles dangled from the ceiling, some nearly touching the guys' heads. I started to panic. Something felt incredibly wrong, but I couldn't figure out where the sensation originated. In the near darkness, I jumped when someone touched me, but it was only Monty trying to pull me closer. We had almost reached the light ahead when James and Liam suddenly stopped in front of me. Monty's arm tightened and Lawson walked into me.

"What's going on?" I whispered, unable to see around Liam and James.

"Stay back!" James and Liam yelled in unison.

I wanted to complain, but the words stuck in my throat when I heard an angry growl. Every inch of me turned cold.

Chapter Sixteen

Charlotte

Lawson pushed into me again, with more momentum. Monty gripped my arm as we followed Liam and James out of the darkness. I still had no idea what had made the growling noise and was terrified to find out. I had faced some scary things in Energo, but no animal had ever frightened me as much.

Searching the area in front of me once we entered the light, I didn't see anything. Then I squinted and realized that the snow almost completely camouflaged two white wolves. Liam stepped back and took my other arm, a panicked expression on his face. I followed his gaze and spotted more wolves. We were surrounded.

"They must be Arcos," Lawson said timidly, a voice that seemed wrong coming out of him.

James's shoulders slumped. "Yes, but I thought they were all gone."

"Is an Arco somehow worse than any other giant wolf?" Liam asked, still holding my arm firmly.

"You spent time with Naomi the last time you were in Energo, did you not?" Lawson's voice came from directly behind me.

"Yeah, why?"

"Well, you know how she can turn into a cat? The Arcos can shift form as well," Lawson explained.

"So these are pretty much arctic werewolves?" I should have expected more shifters were around, but I hadn't contemplated anything as frightening as the creatures in front of me.

"Yes, except they do not depend on phases of the moon." Monty moved beside me and pulled out his sword. I realized the others had theirs out, too. James's Guardian sword glowed green, reflecting eerily off of the snow and ice.

"Do we actually have a chance against these things?" Liam asked.

"No, not at all," Monty said tersely.

"Will one of you shift so we can speak to you?" It took me a moment to realize James was talking to the wolves.

Nothing happened, and the tension mounted. Then, the air shimmered, and a man stood where one of the wolves had been. My jaw dropped, but not purely because of the transformation. The man, who couldn't have been much older than Kevin, was completely naked. I must have made a sound of shock because Monty covered my eyes. When Monty removed his hand, the man had a blanket draped around his waist and a very amused smile on his face.

"You do not get out much do you?" the man asked, still smiling. "I am Talen, and who, may I ask, are you?

I could feel the blood flood to my face, probably turning it bright red.

"Do you dare speak to the Essence in such a manner?" Lawson shrugged off the last of his apprehension and moved forward as if to challenge the man.

"The Essence? Do you expect me to believe that the Essence is this far out in the snow? Next thing one of you is going to claim to be the new Gerard." He laughed. My embarrassment dissipating, I really looked at him. His hair was completely white, like the fur of the wolves. He was of about average height, but his thick build made him intimidating. He smiled, catching me examining him, and I blushed again.

"My Gerard is not here, but I assure you, I'm the Essence." The fear and embarrassment must have pumped up my adrenalin because I was actually ready to argue with him.

"Prove it."

"You do not have to prove anything, Charlotte. Let us take care of it," Monty said.

I ignored him and closed my eyes, picturing the wind picking up and a large snowstorm.

"Stop! I believe you."

The loud exclamation made me open my eyes before the storm fully matured. I sighed with relief. I wanted to prove my identity, but I was freezing and didn't need to make it worse.

James laughed. "Are you satisfied?"

"So she is the Essence. That does not change anything. What are you doing here?" Talen asked warily.

"We are here for Emma, the previous Essence," Monty said.

"Why would you come to Icentris to look for her? Everyone knows she is in the lost world. It is only us and our prisoner here. Not that I mind your visit." He looked directly at me as he said the last words. Both Monty and Liam tensed beside me.

"Who is your prisoner?" Monty asked.

"We have been trusted with guarding Macon, the cat who killed the former Gerard."

My anger swelled. "It wasn't a Zatamanian who killed him!"

"Then who did?" Talen challenged.

"Blake," James said.

"And how would you know that?" Talen asked.

"Because he is my father."

Talen blanched. "You are openly accusing your father of murder?"

"I am not accusing. I am stating a fact. And now, if you are done with the twenty questions, we need to retrieve Emma."

"She is not here."

"Yes, she is. Most likely, she is being held where you think Macon is. Have you actually seen him?" Monty's impatience showed in his voice, and I could tell he was trying to hold his temper.

"No. I have not seen him because it is impossible. There is no entry or exit."

"What? Then how is she being fed?" I felt sick and appreciated having Liam to lean on.

James turned to face me. "She is in a deep sleep, Charlotte. She does not need to eat." He may have sounded calm, but the anxiety intensified the exhaustion on his face, making him seem fragile somehow.

"Why are you here? Even if you think the killer was a Zatamanian, why are you doing Blake's bidding?" Lawson asked.

Talen bowed his head. "We had no choice. After the Essence left, we lost everything. Our lands were barren, and our people were hungry. Blake gave us two options. We could work for him and he would pay us, or he would destroy what remained of our nation. It was an easy decision."

"So even with this knowledge, you still doubt us?" Monty asked.

"Whether I trust your honesty or not matters little since there is no way for us to find out."

"There has to be a way. We did not come all this way to give up. We're finding my mom!" I got as close to Talen as I dared. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed several wolves moving closer as if to protect Talen. He waved them off.

"Your mother? You are born of an Essence?" Talen asked incredulously. I had almost forgotten how rare it was for an Essence to be the daughter of another Essence. It had only happened once before.

"Yes. Now, please help us," I pleaded, unwilling to give up no matter how little hope remained.

"I will allow you to try to open the prison box. If you are successful and are right about the prisoner, then we will assist you. If you are wrong, and it is indeed a Zatamanian, then I have no choice but to turn all of you over to Blake."

"It is the best offer we are going to get. We should get moving." James once again took charge, and I wondered if I had imagined any weakness.

"Is that the prison box?" Lawson asked, pointing in the distance. I squinted and realized he was pointing to some sort of box situated atop a large cylindered tower. From where I stood, the box and the cylinder appeared to me made entirely of ice, but I assumed it was made of some sort of metal or stone.

"How do we get up there?" Liam asked.

"As I told you, there is no way to reach it." Talen watched me carefully as he spoke. I suspected he felt bad about crushing my hope.

"It can't be impossible." I stomped around like a toddler having a temper tantrum. Failing was not an option. We had to rescue her.

"I have an idea." Lawson walked purposely toward the wall opposite the prison tower. One large wolf followed closely behind him. He pulled off his pack, placed it on the ground, and started rummaging through it. "We cannot climb directly up to the prison box because there is no platform, but if we can get up this wall, maybe we can find a way across. Here, let us hope this works," Lawson said removing an item from his bag.

I pulled away from Liam, trying to get a better look at what Lawson held. Liam pulled me back against him as another wolf nearly brushed against me. "What are those?" I asked.

"Just watch." Lawson picked up an ice-covered rock and proceeded to hammer a metal spike into the frozen wall followed by another one higher up.

"Perfect. Good thinking, Lawson." Monty rushed over to the wall. "Let me help."

Lawson stepped up onto the first tent spike and took another spike from Monty's outstretched hand before continuing. He repeated the process, moving up another spike, like climbing a ladder.

"Well, aren't you a regular MacGyver, using tent spikes as rungs." Liam laughed, easing some of the tension that still hung in the air. Lawson was already out of earshot, but the rest of us appreciated it.

"Are we all going to have to climb up that way?" I asked hesitantly.

"It is pointless. Even if you reach the top, it will be impossible to reach the prison," Talen said from behind me.

I jumped, startled by his closeness. James stood on my other side. Evidently, he no longer viewed Talen as a risk to my safety. I couldn't get a read from Talen on whether he could be trusted.

"You forget we have an Essence with us," James said.

"James, you should go next with Charlotte behind you. I will follow." Monty spoke without turning his attention from the wall.

I waited my turn, watching James easily move up the spikes. "I can do this." I tried to psyche myself up, glad that even if I wasn't as athletic as my brother, at least I had a good sense of balance.

The first step was the hardest. I easily placed one foot on the spike, but the next spike froze my hand through the glove, making me let go and nearly fall backward. Liam and Monty caught me, and I tried again. After that, I moved up carefully, watching James's boots above me and listening to Monty's reassurances from below. Finally, I reached the top, relieved that the wall was wider than I originally thought. Monty, Liam, and Talen arrived, and we all turned our attention toward the prison box. The box stood directly across from us, but still hundreds of feet away with the snow-covered ground far below.

"Now what?" Lawson asked.

"No more brilliant ideas?" Liam asked.

"No. I got us up here. Now it is someone else's turn."

"Should I try to shoot an arrow, see if we can send a line over?" Liam reached behind him to pull his crossbow and an arrow from his pack.

Monty let out a deep breath. "It is worth a try, but I doubt it will do any good."

I heard the ping of the arrow as it bounced off the prison box. "All right, so that box is solid." Liam carefully replaced his crossbow in his bag.

Monty said, "It is all up to Charlotte now."

"Great, no pressure at all." I closed my eyes for a moment, trying to clear my head.

"You ready, Charlotte?" James asked impatiently.

"What do you expect me to do, build a bridge?"

"Yeah, that would work."

"What is there to even use? There are no trees or anything. Oh, wait. Ice. Ice is frozen water. I should be able to use it." I heard a laugh as I tried to pump myself up. I glared at Talen.

"Sorry." Talen shook his head. "It is humorous to listen to you think out loud. You are not what I expected of an Essence."

"Leave her alone and let her do her job. Go on, Charlotte," Monty instructed.

I closed my eyes, picturing the ice. I tried to pull the ice free from the walls. I felt the ice hanging off another area of the wall loosen and separate, but it took so much energy, I had to let go. I opened my eyes as I heard it smash to the ground. "Darn it."

"Calm down. Try again," James urged.

I closed my eyes again, bracing myself for the heat I knew would come. The ice moved easily, and I willed it to reach the box. Reaching out, I repeated the process several times until I could picture a weaving of ice forming a bridge.

"Incredible. Absolutely incredible." I recognized Talen's voice immediately. Once I opened my eyes, I gave him a smug smile before examining my handiwork. So it wasn't the Brooklyn Bridge, but it was something.

"It is sufficient, Charlotte, but you really need to learn to work faster. We will not always have time for you to try more than once, and you cannot hesitate so much." I could have punched James; his antagonism was not what I needed.

Before anyone could come to my defense, I said, "Shut up, James."

"I'll go first." Monty volunteered, and I could almost feel his excitement. We were so close to Mom.

After tying a rope around his waist and handing the other end to Lawson, Monty carefully stepped onto the bridge. It seemed like an eternity before Monty reached the edge of the bridge. He untied the rope, and Lawson pulled it back toward us.

"Who's next?" Lawson asked.

"Why don't Charlotte and I go together?" Liam's suggestion eased some of my nerves, but I still had to cross the ice. If only my abilities included flight.

"Be careful, Liam." Lawson's response seemed like a cue. I nodded, and before I knew it, Liam was tying the rope around us.

"We'll take it slow. It will be okay." Liam didn't wait for my response before he moved us onto my bridge.

It wasn't nearly as scary as I thought it would be, probably because I refused to look down. Still, it took me a few minutes to regain my composure once we joined Monty to wait for the others.

"I still cannot fathom a way in." Monty sounded worried, but not defeated.

When the others arrived, Monty told James, "Let's try your sword."

James repeatedly tried to cut into the box with his sword. "It did not even make a dent." Monty sighed after James gave up.

"Ouch!" I felt an intense heat against the skin of my chest. I pulled open my cloak and reached down into my dress to pull out my necklace. I yelled again when I put my hand on it. The rose pendant glowed brightly and felt as though it were on fire. I dropped it against my cloak and reached down to touch the ice, trying to cool the mild burn on my fingers.

"Are you okay, Charlotte?" Monty asked as he came up beside me. He shielded his eyes from the bright light. "What is happening to your pendant? Did it burn you? How is it emanating heat?"

A light bulb went off in my head-heat.

Walking up to the box, I placed my hand on the surface. I winced as my burned hand touched the cold metal. I closed my eyes, picturing heat. The heat continued to build, but it wasn't enough. Focusing harder, I used every ounce of energy available. I felt a surge, as if the earth were shifting. Pushing my hand more firmly against the side, I no longer noticed the cold. I fought to keep going, but it was too much. Strong arms caught me as I slid down to the cold platform, exhausted.

Chapter Seventeen

Calvin

I could not believe the scene before me when I reached the top of the icy wall. Before I could get to her, Charlotte collapsed into the arms of a man I did not know. Racing across the icy bridge, I barely noticed where I stepped. Allowing my instincts to take over, I grabbed Charlotte and cradled her against my chest.

"Who are you to touch the Essence?" I barked, eyeing the man suspiciously.

"Calvin?" Charlotte whispered, and my heart took off. Hearing my name on her lips almost undid me. I would never get used to the sensation.

"Yes, I am here. I am so sorry not to have made it sooner." I looked down at her, relieved to see color returning to her face.

"The better question is what you are doing here, Calvin," James said.

"I am here to protect Charlotte, and to help. I know you have no reason to trust me, but you have no choice." I tried to keep my voice calm. All that mattered was ensuring Charlotte's wellbeing.

The stranger finally answered, "I am Lawson Ashwell, and before you ask, none of us hurt her. She expended too much energy breaking through this metal."

Monty turned toward me. "If you want to help us, make this hole bigger." Pushing aside my surprise at how casually Monty accepted my presence, I studied the handprint-shaped hole. Charlotte winced as I touched the burns on her palm. Regret filled me as I realized my late arrival had facilitated the injury.

So focused on Charlotte, I was surprised when a man with hair as white as snow stepped out of the shadows. "Who is that?"

"Talen. He's an Arco. We'll explain it all later," Liam said without turning. He was trying unsuccessfully to bend the metal.

I needed to help, so I reluctantly handed semi-conscious Charlotte over to Lawson. As much as I wanted to hold her myself, I knew my strength was needed. After unsheathing my sword, I chipped away at the fractured metal. Eventually, I felt it give. Liam and Monty joined James and me and helped us pull it back. As soon as there was enough room, Monty stepped through the opening.

"Emma!" Monty's scream was a mixture of elation and agony. Liam stepped through behind him, but not before looking over his shoulder at Charlotte. I followed his gaze; Charlotte was okay. I immediately took her unconscious form back from Lawson.

"Wake up, Emma!" Monty yelled. Still holding Charlotte, I peered into the room. It was small and completely empty aside from a small bed where Emma lay chained. She appeared to be sleeping with only the faintest evidence of breathing. Carrying Charlotte, I walked us over to the bedside.

"Come on, Mrs. C." It took me a moment to realize that Liam was addressing Emma.

Monty struggled to cut the chains. "James, try your sword. Mine will not cut through them."

James threw down his sword in frustration. "It is no use; the chains must be imbued with magic. Only Charlotte can break them. Calvin, you need to wake up Charlotte. She is the only one who can free Emma."

"Charlotte, my love, you need to fight the exhaustion." I studied her face, relieved when her eyelids twitched slightly. "Can you hear me, Charlotte? I know you are tired, but you need to free your mother." The chains jingled as the others fought to break them.

Knowing that contact increased the strength of an Essence and Gerard, I kissed Charlotte gently.

She stirred and opened her eyes. "Calvin." There it was again. How one word could sound so good I would never understand.

Satisfied that she would not immediately fall back to sleep, I carried her through the opening in the wall of metal.

"But I am so tired." Her voice was weak; I hated forcing her to do anything.

"I know, but you have to fight it." I kissed her again, more urgently. We had an audience that included her uncle, but privacy was not a luxury we could afford.

The second kiss seemed to be what she needed. I felt her body shift so I knelt by the bed.

Charlotte placed her hands on the chain and closed her eyes. I could feel the energy flowing through her. I thought I heard her mumble, "I can't," so I held her tighter and whispered encouragement. Finally, I had the chance to be her Gerard.

After several moments, the chain turned bright red, and steam began to emanate from the metal. Seconds later, the chain broke apart.

With no hesitation, Monty swept past and picked up Emma.

"We have company," Talen called from the bridge.

"Let's move!" Monty yelled, climbing back outside.

We crossed the bridge behind Lawson, and were steps away from the far side, when I heard Liam shout. I turned around and saw him slip to the edge of the bridge. He held onto the ice with only his hands while his body hung off the side. He would not be able to hold on long.

"Take her and get her down." For the second time, I handed Charlotte to Lawson. I retraced my steps, reached for Liam's hand, and pulled him back onto the bridge.

"Thank you," Liam said breathlessly, eyes wide with surprise.

We hurried across toward the wall, reaching it just as Lawson threw Charlotte over his shoulder and started climbing down.

I heard a commotion and peered down below. Lawson and a still unconscious Charlotte were cornered against the wall by William and Bravado soldiers. I hurried down the spikes until the halfway point, but it was taking too long. Without thinking, I jumped to the ground. Thankfully, I landed on my feet. My contact with Charlotte had already made me stronger.

William pulled Charlotte from Lawson, tossing her carelessly. She landed hard on the frozen ground at the feet of the Bravado.

"How dare you?" I shouted, unable to control the anger churning inside me. It was unfathomable that my closest and most trusted friend could treat Charlotte that way. I quickly snatched William's sword and slammed him to the ground. In my peripheral vision, I noticed the rest of the Bravado backing up warily as the wolves circled them.

"Calvin, calm down. It is not as it seems." William squirmed in my grip.

"Not as it seems! You, the man I trusted with Charlotte, the most important person in all of the worlds to me, toss her like garbage!" I slammed my fist into his face.

William spit out some blood. "Calvin, will you only listen?"

"Pray, tell me. How is it?" I asked, shaking with rage.

"Blake thought you were out of your mind and too lovesick to realize your duty. I knew you would come to your senses eventually, I was simply helping you along."

"Utter nonsense. It is impossible for a Gerard to be too in love with his Essence. My job is to love my Essence."

"Please, Calvin. You must trust me." He sounded pitiful.

"Trust you? All I have ever done is trust you, and look at what you have done behind my back."

"What do you mean to do with me?"

He was far too dangerous to let free, and it would be too risky to take him as a prisoner. Before I could fully comprehend what I needed to do, a blur passed before my eyes. James appeared out of nowhere and sank his sword into William's chest, twisting it as William cried out. I looked at James and was surprised by his stone-faced expression.

"We have no time for this," James said calmly as William's body fell to the floor. I found myself transfixed by the blood of the traitor I had once considered my closest friend.

"What are you looking at?" James asked the Bravado men, who immediately released Charlotte.

"What should we do with them?" Talen asked.

"We cannot let them go back to Blake. Can you and your pack take care of them?" James asked.

"Not a problem." Talen grinned. I sensed that he and James would get along well.

As soon as I calmed down enough, I took Charlotte back into my arms. The effect of her touch helped clear my mind. Still nearly unconscious, Charlotte had missed the incident with William, and I was glad for it. As we headed toward the cave-like entrance, I looked back at William's bloody body, and noticed his sword lying next to it.

"Liam, would you pick that up?" I could not leave a Guardian's sword in that place.

"Sure." Liam picked up the sword. As he came back to his full height, the sword blade glowed. An incandescent aura briefly engulfed him as he stood holding the radiant green sword. I blinked several times. A Guardian sword would only glow for a true Guardian. Liam's eyes widened as he looked down at his hands with astonishment.

"But how?" Lawson sputtered.

"I have no idea what just happened." Liam looked around as if to find an answer.

"How can a man not of Energo become a Guardian?" Lawson asked.

"It must be a fluke." Liam still had the dumbstruck expression on his face. He placed the sword back on the ground long enough for the radiance to abate. When he grasped it again, the glow returned.

"Are you sure you do not have some connection? Maybe you are from a family we have lost track of?" Lawson suggested. I sensed that his interest came from his own disappointment at not being on Charlotte's Guard. I could not imagine being passed over for one of my younger brothers.

Monty did not hide a grin that spread across his face before it faded back into concern as he looked down at Emma. He held her tightly against his chest. "Get the sheath." Monty did not appear as surprised by the turn of events as the rest of us.

James stood curiously quiet. He studied Liam, then smiled. "I guess you have been even friendlier with Charlotte than I previously thought." I temporarily ignored the implication, even though his words gnawed at me.

Our boots crunched the snow as we left Icentris, but the sound did little to drown out the screaming coming from behind us. The wolves had not waited long to deal with the Bravado. I did not condone the violence, but I could not risk tipping Blake's hand further. Warning bells went off in my head about the small number of Bravado soldiers. Blake should have sent more, and I wondered if we could be walking into an ambush. With nowhere else to go, I settled for staying alert. Holding Charlotte as close to me as possible, I tried to keep her warm. We had to get Charlotte and Emma to shelter.

James was the only one of the group with knowledge of the geography of the area, so he went ahead to scout out a place to stay the night. Just as I began to worry that he had run into trouble, he returned with news that he found a cave. I would have preferred to have put more distance between us and Icentris, but we needed to get Charlotte and her mother out of the cold.

Lawson and James entered the cave first, ensuring that it was still empty. I followed behind, throwing off my pack while still holding Charlotte. Sitting down, I leaned against the cave wall with Charlotte's head in my lap. I took comfort in the even breaths that moved her chest. I willed her eyes to open, but my words did nothing. I glanced around at the other figures in the dimly lit cave. Liam sat directly in front of me, watching Charlotte intently. I admit his close relationship with her made me uncomfortable, but he had taken good care of her when I could not, and his concern was understandable.

I extended my hand. "I am honored to have you as a member of the Guard."

"Thanks, but how is it possible?" Liam asked. "I mean I'm glad it happened, but I don't get it."

I did not understand it either. As far as I knew, there had never been a Guardian with no tie to Energo. Having an Essence and Guardian who were born somewhere other than Energo was strange enough, but Charlotte and Kevin were born of a mother from Energo; Liam was not.

"Does it matter?" Monty looked as though years of weight had been lifted off him as he cradled Emma. Although she was still unconscious, her breathing had become more pronounced, and she had more color.

I wondered how Charlotte would react to the news that Liam was a Guardian. I expected she would be happy considering how close the two had grown. Liam and I would need to continue the conversation another time, but for the moment, we focused on how grateful we were to have secured Emma and to have made it out alive. James and Lawson set to work preparing a fire. Liam, Monty, and I didn't help, as none of us were willing to leave our vigil.

Finally, Charlotte stirred. "You are still here." Her beautiful blue eyes looked up at me, and she reached up to touch my face.

I leaned into her hand as she caressed my cheek, enjoying the warmth and comfort. "Yes, I am with you now and always." I smiled down at her and allowed myself to enjoy holding her.

Chapter Eighteen

Kevin

The people of Alak seemed to hang out at the same places all the time. After securing support at the meeting, we sat around a table at the same hole-in-the-wall pub. I was finally becoming more relaxed with my surroundings, but felt stressed about how I was supposed to lead an army of nations back to Energo. As great as the meeting had gone, the added support didn't guarantee success. I thought about asking for advice but figured everyone would be just as unhelpful as before. Even after talking to the tree, I still didn't really get what I was supposed to do. It also didn't help that the support wasn't unanimous. The Nordicos, Alexander's people, announced they would be abstaining. Bry had told me that for a nation to refuse to follow a Pact decision was unheard of.

"Is it me, or does Alexander have some personal vendetta against me? It seemed so intense."

Bry set down his drink. "Do you know anything about the history of the Nordicos?"

"I hadn't heard of them before this week." I didn't like the looks I received when I admitted that. "What? No one gave me an orientation. I hadn't even heard of Energo before a year ago."

"Ada, would you like to do the honors?" Bry asked. I could count on one hand the number of times I had heard Ada talk since meeting her.

Ada let out a sigh. "I assume you know that your sister is not the first Essence to be born to an Essence?"

I nodded, eager for her to continue.

"The other was born after the Sutonti nation invaded Energo, and a soldier forced a Guardian to kill the Essence with a Guardian sword."

"What? Why would he do that?" Less than a minute into the explanation, she had already lost me.

Ada blushed. It was rather cute, but I tried to ignore her when I noticed Samantha looking my way.

Bry picked up the story. "He was seduced by a Sutonti woman."

"Oh." Ada must have blushed because she was embarrassed to talk about a woman seducing someone.

"The soldier should have been tried for the crime, but he escaped with the help of his lover. He obviously could never return to Energo, so they left for Sutonti."

"But they were turned away at Sutonti as well," Henry threw in. "Killing the Essence had not been part of the Sutonti king's intentions when they invaded. He had wanted the Essence alive because he wanted her for himself."

I thought about how many events in history occurred because of a guy who wanted a girl. I couldn't help but look over at Samantha.

"So, the rogue soldier and the Sutonti woman found some unclaimed land and recruited a handful of followers from Energo and Sutonti to help build a new nation. They called it Nordico."

"Wait, so that's how the Nordicos developed?" I asked.

"Yes, the two groups created a new people with many of the strengths from each nation." Henry seemed to enjoy his part in the storytelling.

"They have the physical strength of those of Energo and the Sutonti ability to live in water," Ada said.

"Wow. Okay, so I get that. So why does Alexander hate me so much, yet defend Blake if he is so anti-Energo?"

"Because of your mom." Ada quickly looked down.

I had a feeling I didn't want to hear the rest of the story, but I had to know. "What about my mom?"

"Suffice it to say, Alexander had an interest in her and was very disappointed when she chose to run to your world instead of turning to the Nordicos for support." Bry did not share his sister's embarrassment, and met my eyes as he talked.

"Oh." I had to hear about guys wanting my sister and my mom. Great.

"It should not surprise you, Kevin. Beyond beauty, as the Essence, your mother also held great power. Many wanted to get their hands on it," Bry said. "And you are evidence of how she spurned Alexander."

So Alexander hated my very existence. "And he supports Blake because...?" I wanted to get the topic away from my mom's love life.

"My best guess is that he feels camaraderie with Blake. They were both rejected by your mother." The words sounded funny coming out of Ada's singsong voice.

I wondered if I looked as shell-shocked as I felt. "Why didn't my mom go to the Nordicos? At least Nordico has some connection to Energo. Why go somewhere more foreign?"

"She did not trust them. There was only one place she knew she would be safe from the politics of Energo, and that, of course, is where you were raised," Samantha answered.

"I assume Alexander is unaware of what Blake did to your mother. I thought about telling him in order to get his support, but it was not my place. Perhaps he would listen to you." Bry finished off his drink, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.

"Wait... you want me to convince Alexander to get the Nordicos on board? You think his thing for my mom is enough?"

"I do. He mourned your mother's passing. I believe he feels enough for her, even after being jilted, to want to avenge any wrong done against her."

"And explain to me again why you didn't tell him earlier?" It would have been nice to have had my greatest adversary on board before the first meeting.

"I had to let you take the lead. You had to be the representative, not me."

"Sure." I rolled my eyes. Bry always spoke in absolutes about what was necessary, but he usually failed to give any explanations. "So when do you want me to talk to Alexander?"

"How about right now?" Bry gestured behind him. Alexander sat at a table surrounded by some of his advisors, all large men with long blond hair.

I took in a deep breath before pushing back my chair. After stalling for a moment, I finally took a few steps toward Alexander's table. It was humiliating to have to ask for his help again.

He looked up as I reached the table. "Can I help you, child?"

"We need to talk."

"So talk."

"Alone."

"There is nothing you could possibly want to discuss that cannot be said in front of my advisors," Alexander challenged.

"It's about my mother." I hoped the mention would be enough.

"Your mother is dead." His voice sounded cold, and I started to doubt Bry's belief that Alexander would help if he knew the truth.

"Maybe not," I said offhandedly.

Without warning, he jumped out of his seat, grabbed my arm, and dragged me over to an empty table in the corner of the pub. Too surprised to protest, I stared at him as he pushed me down into a chair. "Talk, boy."

My previous fear of Alexander had not been from his physical strength, but I started to reevaluate it. There weren't too many men who dared push me around like that. As much as I wanted to regain some self-respect and simply walk away, I knew I couldn't. "Blake kidnapped her and has been keeping her in some weird catatonic state. With my Mom close to death, a new Essence was chosen, my sister."

"Where is she? We leave now." He stood abruptly.

"Suddenly Blake doesn't seem like the man of the year, huh?" I instantly regretted my comment.

Alexander grabbed me by the collar of my shirt. "I asked you where she is."

"I don't know exactly. I think it's called Icentris. Blake's son is supposed to be taking my sister there now."

"Icentris? The prison holding Macon? And why is Blake's son with your sister?"

"He's one of her Guardians. She claims we can trust him."

"Why would Blake want to imprison her? It makes no sense." Alexander returned to his seat with a far-off expression.

"He's power hungry and wanted her out of the way." I didn't actually know his motivations, but those seemed logical.

Pure rage flashed across Alexander's face. "That snake! I should kill him for hurting Emma!"

"So does this mean that we have the support of the Nordicos?" I attempted to keep my optimism at a reasonable level.

"No. You do not."

"But-"

"Let me rephrase it. You do not have our support. We do, however, support getting revenge for what happened to Emma. Now if your goals and our goal happen to coincide, then so be it." I could have sworn there was a faint smile behind Alexander's eyes, but I pretended not to notice.

"Okay, then." I didn't want to push my luck, so I let it slide.

"I must prepare my men." Alexander shot out of his chair and was across the room before I even registered his words.

By the time I got to my feet, he had started walking out the door of the pub with his advisors on his heels.

Bry strolled over with a grin. "I take it he is on board?"

"Yeah, he's on board."

"Okay, now it is time to start planning." Bry never ran out of energy.

Samantha appeared beside me. "I think he deserves the rest of the night off."

"Fair enough." Bry returned to the others. It surprised me how easily he gave in. Maybe he had planned it that way all along.

"Come on. Let's get out of here," she said.

I followed Samantha outside in a bit of a daze. Between getting too much information about men interested in my mom and the stress of how we were going to fight off Blake, I really needed a break.

***

Samantha led us through the winding streets of Alak. We didn't talk, but it was a comfortable silence. When we'd first arrived in the city, it seemed like an endless row of buildings and canals, but Samantha showed me an amazing park in the middle of the city.

After following a winding path lined with white trees, we ended up sitting on a rock overlooking a small pond. A wooden bridge spanned the length of the pond, lit up by twinkling lights. With the skyline as a backdrop, the view was incredible, and we were far enough in the park that the sounds of the city had faded into a dull hum. The night was warm, but a slight breeze kept blowing Samantha's hair into my face.

"If my hair is bothering you, I will put it back up." Samantha shrugged, and I couldn't tell if she meant it as a joke. "I wanted to get the smoky smell out of my hair."

"It's not bothering me at all. It's pretty." I went with honesty. Even if it did smell like smoke I wouldn't have cared. Man, I had it bad.

As we sat on the rock, I couldn't help myself. Before I knew it, I was running my fingers through her hair. I usually went for brunettes, so it surprised me how much I liked her nearly white hair.

"Thank you." She smiled awkwardly as though she wasn't used to compliments.

"So, are you strict about the 'no physical contact' rule?" Mortification engulfed me as the words tumbled out of my mouth. They sounded fine floating around my head, but not so much when I heard them out loud.

"Excuse me?"

"I mean, I heard that things are pretty strict in Energo, and I didn't want to get in trouble." God, I was seriously making things worse. I decided to just take a chance. I leaned toward her, gently cradling her head in my hand. I'd kissed plenty of girls, but I'd never been as nervous as I felt in that moment. At first, she didn't respond, and I wanted to kick myself. Then, her hands were in my hair, and she was kissing me back. It felt so good to feel her body pressed against mine. The kiss was perfection. We were both a little breathless afterward, looking at each other with amazement.

"I guess you don't follow that rule," I said with a chuckle.

"I never had a reason to worry about it before." She smiled, and I realized that it had probably been her first kiss.

"Wow. I've been waiting a long time for that."

"I bet you were," Samantha joked.

"Can you blame me?" I figured two could play that game.

"I admit I was wrong about you, Kevin."

"Wait. You're admitting you were wrong?" Something told me that was a rare occurrence.

"Don't get used to it. It won't happen again."

I panicked for a second, thinking she meant the kiss, but then she leaned over and kissed me again. The second kiss didn't get quite as intense as the first, but it was still unreal.

"So what changed your mind? I mean, in what way were you wrong about me?"

"I thought you were weak." She paused. "But no weak man could have handled what you have in the last few days, nor manage a kiss like that."

"You thought I was weak?"

"Not physically weak, Kevin. Although I did easily take you down the first time we met." I cringed at the memory of her knocking me around. "I mean weak in other ways. I honestly did not know whether you had it in you to be a true leader. I was wrong."

"I'm glad you think so."

"I know so. We are going to pull through this."

"You think?" I was feeling a heck of a lot more confident after kissing her, so I was really asking rhetorically.

"Yes. But for now, let us focus on something else."

"Like what?"

"On us." We both leaned in at the same time. I knew it was going to be a good night.

Chapter Nineteen

Charlotte

It felt like pushing through a fog when I opened my eyes to find myself in Calvin's arms. "You're still here." It took so much effort to get the words out.

"Yes, I am with you now and always." Calvin smiled, readjusting me so I could sit up.

I tried to forget everything else for a moment and simply enjoy being close to him. As the fog cleared, I felt alert, the exhaustion of earlier having melted away. Memories from Icentris flooded me, and I wondered how long I had been out.

I looked around and right into Liam's eyes.

"I'm so glad you're okay." Liam smiled as he stood up. "When you feel strong enough, your mom is over there." Liam pointed behind him.

I got my first sight of my mother, and a wave of emotion hit me. She looked older and weaker, but otherwise she looked like Mom. I wriggled out of Calvin's arms. He resisted at first, but when he realized where I wanted to go, he loosened his hold.

I walked over to my mother, looking at Monty briefly to make sure it was okay. He nodded. "Mom?" I touched the side of her face with my palm, afraid I would somehow break her if I wasn't careful. She looked as though she were sleeping, but I knew it was something more. I hoped my touch would cure her, as it had helped Ruth, but my touch did nothing. Mom needed more energy. I closed my eyes and tried to picture my energy flowing into her. I began to feel lightheaded and weak, as though I might faint, but Calvin's familiar arms steadied me from behind.

"Charlotte?" Mom's blue eyes fluttered open, and she looked at me with confusion. She tried to sit up, but after struggling for a moment gave up and remained lying down.

"Relax, Emma. Take it slow." Monty's face glowed.

"Monty? What's going on?" Mom struggled again, so Monty helped her sit up. She looked around her nervously.

"Where are we? Are we...? Wait, but how...?" My mom put her palms to the side of my face. "Charlotte? But you are all grown up. And your eyes..."

"Emma, you have been out for a long time."

Mom dropped her hands at Monty's words. "How long? How can Charlotte be the Essence? It is too soon. And is that your Gerard? My little Charlotte has a Gerard?" Mom looked as if she might pass out.

James ambled over to us. "My father kidnapped you and had you in a coma for about four years. You were held captive at Icentris. I brought Charlotte into Energo a year ago and helped her find you."

"Your father?" Mom blinked. "So you are Blake's son?"

"I know what you are thinking. Let me explain. I helped Charlotte escape. I am one of her Guardians, and I am loyal to my job."

My mother considered Lawson quizzically. "Are you another Guardian?"

"No. My younger brother is, though. He is with your son."

"My son? Kevin? Where is Kevin?" Mom frantically looked around again, as though she expected to find him in the cave.

"Theodore sent Kevin to meet with the Pact council to get support for the resistance against Blake," Monty said.

"Defeat Blake? Why would we need the Pact?" Mom looked over my head at Calvin. "Are you not in charge now?"

"Unfortunately, I did not put enough faith in my Essence and allowed Blake to maintain control." I could tell how hard it was for Calvin to tell my mother that.

"Blake has become so powerful that we have no chance of defeating him without the Pact?" Mom asked alarmed."But why are you here to begin with? How did Charlotte and Kevin even get involved?"

"I met James when we moved back home-"

She interrupted, "Back home? When did you leave home?"

"We spent three years in Alaska," I said quietly.

Her brow wrinkled in confusion. "Why Alaska?"

"Stan took the kids there to do research after you... went missing." Monty fidgeted uncomfortably.

"Did you not realize where I went? I mean, Stan knew that I did not..." Panic crossed Mom's face. It was just like her to worry more about the effect something had on everyone else rather than on what she went through herself.

"We assumed. The kids thought you..." Monty started.

"That I what?" she asked.

"We thought you died." It was easier to say it while sitting next to her, but thinking about it still brought back the painful memories of loss.

"Oh, my goodness." Mom pulled me toward her, and I relaxed into her embrace. Calvin backed up, giving us the space we needed. It felt so good to be held by her again. Tears started to slide down my face, but I didn't try to stop them. "I am so sorry, Charlotte. That must have been so hard for you. I never warned you. We never thought... we were only trying to protect you."

"I know, Mom." Being with my mom again was amazing, and I didn't want to ruin it.

Mom noticed Liam. "Liam? What are you doing here?"

"Well, that's an interesting story-" Liam started.

Monty interrupted, "Liam is another one of Charlotte's Guardians." He grinned.

"What? How?" My mother and I spoke simultaneously, our voices almost identical. In the seconds it took for Liam to respond, I convinced myself that I had misheard Monty.

Liam answered, "I don't really know. I just found out myself when I picked up a Guardian sword. But to answer your first question, I'm here to protect Charlotte and help in any way I can." Liam watched me as he spoke, and I was sure my mouth was hanging open. Liam, a Guardian? It didn't make any sense. He wasn't from Energo, nor was his family, as far as I knew.

"Monty, how is this possible?" Mom sounded as lost as I was. That didn't seem like a good sign.

"I am not sure, but I have a hunch."

"Let's hear it," Liam said.

"Did you two ever... well, did you two ever have any physical contact?" Monty looked from Liam to me.

"Physical contact?" Oh, my gosh. I peered at Liam and could tell he was thinking the same thing I was-the kiss. Blushing, I looked down at the ground. Calvin's arms tightened around me.

"Yes, do I really need to elaborate?" Monty asked.

Without looking up, I answered, "Well, we kissed once. Or really, I kissed him right before we left for Alaska. I don't know what came over me; it was supernatural or something." I heard James laugh somewhere behind me.

"Well, that explains it." Monty said almost to himself.

"Care to enlighten us?" Liam asked.

"Nothing to worry about right now."

I opened my mouth to argue, but after one glance at my mother's tired eyes, I decided to let it go for the time being.

***

Hours later, I still hadn't gotten used to all of the new information. I was shocked to discover that Liam was a Guardian, but on some level, it made perfect sense. Liam had already protected me fiercely before finding out he was a member of my Guard. I didn't think anyone would have guessed that the last Guardian had been with us all along. All I knew was that there was no one I wanted on my Guard more.

Monty joined me as we finished packing up our gear. "You doing all right?"

I shrugged. "Yeah. Just a little shell-shocked."

He chuckled. "Yeah, I can understand that."

"Things are never going to go back to normal, are they?"

"Define normal."

"I guess I don't know anymore."

"Neither do I, kid, neither do I." Monty playfully tapped me on the shoulder before walking off.

I finished packing my stuff and headed to the mouth of the cave. We couldn't spend much more time in the same spot, but I wasn't ready to return to the Resistance. I hoped Mom would be able to train me in time. I didn't know how much more I could take of potentially passing out if I used my abilities too much.

Mom walked beside me as we headed out. I shared as much energy with her as I could, but she was still weak.

"You are going to be a good Essence, sweetheart."

"You sure about that?"

"Positive. You just need guidance. I am amazed at how well you are doing without any training." Mom smiled warmly, making me feel at ease.

"Well, I had some help from Ruth."

"Ruth was such a wonderful woman. I am so glad you had the opportunity to meet her." A cloud of sadness passed over her face. Ruth's death was one of the things that had shaken Mom hardest when Monty filled her in on what she had missed the last few years.

"Yes, she was. I know we don't have time now, but will you tell me more about her later?"

"Of course. We will have plenty of time for that." Mom sounded so confident that it was contagious. I had forgotten how she had that effect on me.

We headed back through the prairie. Although the landscape was as flat and endless as before, it felt so different traveling it with Mom and Calvin. Instead of focusing on how much I wanted to see them, I was able to just enjoy their company. I felt complete somehow. We planned to spend the night at an old house my mother remembered. Calvin didn't leave my side, and I noticed Liam glancing over at us a few times. Calvin seemed ambivalent about Liam's revelation.

I peeked up at Calvin tentatively. "You're not mad, are you?"

"Why would I be angry?" He squeezed my hand.

"About the kiss."

"Which kiss? It seems they keep adding up."

"But you said you understood about the kiss with James; I already told you it wasn't my fault."

"But the one with Liam was?" Calvin's face relaxed, and I realized he was joking. "It is all right, Charlotte. I understand you were still a child. Of course, I would have preferred to be your first kiss, but we cannot change that now."

"Thanks for understanding."

"We are lucky that Liam is now one of your Guardians. We have so few with us." Although he didn't say it, I knew he was thinking of William. I also noticed him giving Liam a sidelong glance as he said it. I had a feeling my friendship with Liam bothered him more than he admitted.

"Yeah, very lucky." I figured telling Calvin I was ecstatic might be pushing it too far.

Calvin put his arm around my shoulders, holding my pack in his other hand. We walked in silence for a while, listening to the chatter of the others in the group. I gazed at the trees, amazed by the gorgeous hues of the foliage. Leaves in bright reds, purples and blues colored the landscape.

"So how far away is this house?" I called to my mother, who walked holding onto Monty's arm.

"Not too much further." Mom smiled and waited for me to catch up. It was surreal walking next to her. I reached out to touch her, needing to prove to myself that she was real.

"I am really here, sweetheart."

I was glad my mother knew me so well, but then I realized that she might be able to read my feelings like Ruth could. "Mom, can you read my thoughts?"

"Not your exact thoughts, but your feelings. You can read mine, too."

"How?" I asked excitedly. I hadn't even contemplated that I could do it, too.

"I will teach you how, as well as how to block me." She gave me a knowing smile and nodded toward Calvin. I could feel my cheeks burning. My mom had been gone since I was in middle school, so we had avoided a lot of the awkward talks about boys. I had a feeling we would be making up for it soon.

"So Calvin, you are from Rawlins?" Mom asked.

"Yes. My family has always lived there." Calvin sounded nervous.

"So this must have all been a real change for you."

"Yes. But not as much as it has been for Charlotte." Calvin winked at me. I never took Calvin as the winking kind of guy, but the gesture made my heart race.

Mom smiled. "True, but it looks like Charlotte is adjusting just fine to me."

Monty let out a huge sigh, getting our attention.

"What is wrong, Monty?" Mom asked.

"Nothing that can be changed."

"What do you mean?" Mom tugged on Monty's arm.

"I am of course happy to have you back, but it does not change that it was my failure to protect you that led to your imprisonment and Charlotte's predicament."

"Your failure? Monty, you gave up everything to protect me, and from what I have gathered from speaking to all of you, you have continued to sacrifice to take care of my children." Mom's eyes were full of concern.

"I never should have allowed Blake to get you. I was your Guardian and your brother."

"Monty, I do not want to belittle your abilities, but there is no way you could have stopped Blake. No one could. I am the one who should carry the blame. I underestimated Blake; I should have known better. I should have sensed it." I had to bite my lip to keep from jumping in to ask her to explain that. I thought about how wrong I felt around Blake.

"What do you mean, Emma?"

"Blake is no longer just a man," she said with so much sadness that I focused on her voice more than her words.

I didn't process what she was saying until Liam broke in. "Not just a man?"

"I was already suspicious that he was dabbling in something dark, but I could not confirm it until he kidnapped me. My last memory before falling into the deep sleep was of Blake standing over me, and I realized he had somehow obtained something different, the very opposite of the power from the Source. This makes him virtually unstoppable." I shuddered involuntarily.

She must have noticed my response. "I said virtually. You have the ability to stop him. I can feel your strength, you have more power than I did."

"Theoretically, I have this power, but I don't think I really do. I mean, I can do things but usually not on the first try and not quickly."

"One thing you do need to work on is confidence." Mom looked at me questioningly. "Where did all of this self-doubt come from? I do not remember you ever being so unsure of yourself."

I shrugged. I had no idea how to answer her without making her feel guilty for things that hadn't been in her control.

"I hope your brother is not suffering from the same problem."

I laughed. Kevin certainly didn't have that problem.

Liam chuckled. "Kevin has enough self-confidence for all of us."

"Kevin has had his own share of doubts. He just hides it well." Monty's face might have been youthful, but sometimes the way he talked made him seem like an old sage or something.

Liam laughed. "Yeah, maybe when it comes to Samantha."

"Samantha?" Mom asked.

"Hank and Melinda's daughter," Monty told her. "Kevin met her last year and took quite an interest." I could tell Monty was trying to keep a straight face. I couldn't. Kevin unable to get a girl was pretty funny.

"I take it Kevin has remained just as popular with the girls then?"

"That's an understatement," I muttered.

My mother's face lit up with amusement. "But he finally met his match?"

"Pretty much. I really shouldn't give him a hard time, though. I know what it's like when you can't have the one girl you want," Liam said in an uncharacteristically deflated tone. I noticed Monty giving him a look. I tried not to read too much into it, but the implication was there.

Before I could dwell on it too long, Calvin put his arm around me. "How are you holding up? If you are tired I can carry you."

It took me a minute to realize Calvin was being serious. I may have been tired, but I wasn't about to be carried again. "I'm doing fine, but thanks."

Chapter Twenty

Charlotte

The quaint wooden house felt luxurious after several nights of sleeping in caves and the woods. I had never been much of an outdoor person. The fireplace in the living space was inviting, and the three bedrooms upstairs provided some much-needed privacy. My mother and I shared a room. Lawson took the first guard outside.

Mom sat across from me in the cozy living room. "What is the most challenging part of using your abilities?" She regarded me expectantly, almost as if viewing me as a peer and not a daughter.

I hesitated, not really wanting to admit how often I passed out, but if I wanted her help, I needed to be honest. "I get so exhausted, sometimes to the point that I black out."

"Hmm. Where do you draw your energy from?"

"Usually from myself, I don't know how to get it from anywhere else," I admitted.

"Oh my, no wonder you have been passing out!" Mom sighed. "One of the most important lessons, and the first thing you must know, is that instead of overusing your own energy, you should draw it from elsewhere."

"What do you mean? I'm supposed to steal energy?"

"It is not stealing. Every living thing has energy, and if done in moderation, you will cause no harm."

"Does that include people?" My stomach dropped, thinking about taking anyone's strength.

"Yes, but as I explained, it must be done in moderation." She must have realized how nervous I was. "I promise you can master it."

"I hope so."

"I will show you. Close your eyes."

"Okay." I closed my eyes waiting for her next direction.

"Now tell me what you feel."

"What do you mean?"

"Relax and let your mind roam. Try to reach out. Do you sense anyone?"

I identified something strong and clear next to me. I was able to reach out to it, and it responded by pushing energy toward me. "Is that you, Mom?"

"Yes. You are doing well, Charlotte. Now reach out further. What else do you feel?"

I pushed myself harder and felt three more forms. One seemed stronger, closer than the others, and I knew it was Calvin.

"Reach out further."

Once I got the hang of it, I was able to push out even further, until I could sense animals and even the trees. The feeling was strange but also incredible. For once, using my powers energized me instead of depleting all of my strength.

"Now pull from it, but gently. Focus on taking only the smallest amount."

I began to feel warmth from within as I slowly drew strength from the outside. My thoughts became clearer and more focused. I opened my eyes, euphoric. "Wow. Unreal."

"How do you feel?" Mom asked.

"Amazing." Energy flooded me from every direction.

"That should solve your energy problem." She smiled. "I cannot promise you will never pass out, but it should not be a regular occurrence."

I hugged my mom with such force that I nearly knocked her over.

Mom laughed before nonchalantly moving on. "So from what you told me, you can control water and the weather, and manipulate natural elements and growth."

I nodded.

"Okay, so next we will try fire."

Although momentarily surprised that she was jumping right into another lesson, I was excited to keep going. "Does it work the same way as the rest?"

"Yes. Close your eyes and picture a fire in the fireplace." She squeezed my hand. "I never wanted this for you, but it is so incredible to be sharing it."

"I feel the same way. When I found out I was the Essence, I wanted and needed you so much. I couldn't do this without you."

"You could, but I am glad you do not have to. I have missed so much, but I am so happy to be with you now." She pulled me into a tight hug, and we both tried to wipe away tears.

I hesitated before asking her about the other part of her earlier statement. "Why didn't you want it for me?"

"Being the Essence is a great honor, but it requires boundless sacrifice. Without consent, you must give up your life as you know it to fill the role. Even growing up in Bellgard, prepared that the day might come, I had trouble accepting it. I wanted you to have a normal childhood, grow up to marry who you chose without constantly looking over your shoulder. Does that make sense?"

"It does. Sometimes I wish this never happened to me, but then other times, like when I'm with Calvin or I do something impressive, I can't imagine life without it."

"I cannot tell you how proud I am of you, sweetie. You have grown up to be a smart and beautiful young woman with such a true heart. I only wish I had not missed it happening." She paused before moving the subject back to fire. "Just pull some energy from me."

"You sure?"

She nodded.

I let out a deep breath. "All right, let's try this thing." Closing my eyes, I tried to push everything out but one thought-fire. I heard a whoosh and felt an overwhelming feeling of heat that bordered on painful. When I opened my eyes, I was looking at a roaring fire.

"Terrific, Charlotte!" My mom actually clapped her hands, the action made her seem years younger.

"This is so much easier now! I couldn't do it without you!" What used to exhaust me had become exhilarating.

"It is easier because you have more confidence. It is not me; it is you."

"If you say so."

"Okay, so maybe you are still the same Charlotte. You always used to tell me that." She laughed. "Back to more serious business. We already know you can manipulate the weather, but let us see how far you can go." Mom stood up with no warning, and I followed her out into the night. It was freezing.

We walked to the edge of the woods where Lawson stood with his back to us. He turned around when we got closer. Although momentarily startled by our presence, he recovered and greeted us with a small smile and a wave.

"If you are as powerful as I think you are, you should be able to use wind to move a large object." Mom bubbled with excitement.

"Okay, how?" Since using energy came easier, I was excited to continue experimenting.

"Move Lawson."

"Excuse me?"

"Picture wind lifting up and moving Lawson."

"Shouldn't we ask permission?" I whispered, looking over at Lawson.

"If you want to." Mom smiled mischievously, a smile I had never seen on her face. "But it might be easier to just do it."

"Okay. So I need to picture a large force of wind moving Lawson?"

"It is a little bit more complicated when you are dealing with a person you do not want to hurt."

"What do you mean?" A knot formed in my stomach.

"You need to be cautious to direct your thoughts carefully. Only use as much force as you absolutely need."

"Mom, I don't know about this. I don't want to hurt him."

"I did not mean to scare you. Lawson is strong; he can handle being knocked around a little. Try to keep your powers in check. This is an important lesson. That fire you created inside was great, but it was almost out of control. Maybe focusing on a person will help you learn to control the amount of energy you use."

"Here goes nothing." I took another deep breath and closed my eyes. I sensed the surrounding forest and drew in energy before picturing a clear image of wind.

"What in the world?" Lawson yelled.

I opened my eyes. The wind I had conjured lost its power, and I watched with alarm as Lawson slumped to the ground.

I ran over immediately and took his hand to help him up. "Oh, my gosh! I'm so sorry, Lawson!"

Back on his feet, Lawson moved his hands to the back of his head and surveyed the area. "I take it this was your doing?" Lawson sounded so serious, I felt a lump form in the back of my throat. I started to apologize again until I heard Mom laughing.

"What?" I turned back, and Lawson had a huge grin on his face.

"Do not take it so seriously, Charlotte. You did not hurt me," Lawson said.

I blushed. "Oh, but still, I'm sorry."

"It looks like you learned an important lesson today," Mom commented.

"Not to try to move people with wind?"

"Not to lose concentration. If you focus hard enough, you will eventually be able to see without opening your eyes."

I planned to ask for more clarification, but I heard footsteps and turned around to see everyone else on the porch.

"What's going on?" Liam looked half asleep, his hair messy and falling into his eyes.

"Are you okay?" Calvin quickly reached my side, checking every inch of me for injury. He hadn't even taken the time to throw on a shirt.

"I'm not the one you should worry about." I nodded in Lawson's direction.

"Your Essence was using me for some practice." Lawson chuckled.

Calvin's deep laugh startled me. It was so rich, it matched him perfectly, but it wasn't familiar yet. I wanted to know everything about him, every habit and mannerism, and the laugh was a good start. I caught myself staring at him. His arms and chest were so strong, but not from a gym. It was from work.

"What is it?" Calvin asked, studying my face.

"I like your laugh."

"In other words, she likes the way you look without a shirt on." James smirked before turning to walk back toward the house.

I blushed, but Calvin caught my chin before I could look away. He kissed me gently. "I love bringing color to your face."

I smiled at him, momentarily forgetting we had an audience.

"Let us go get some rest and let the boys stay out in the cold for now." Mom gave me a meaningful look, and I knew we would be having a talk.

Chapter Twenty-One

Kevin

Darkness greeted me when I woke up. Memories of the night before flooded in as I held on to the end of a particularly enjoyable dream about Samantha. Letting my eyes adjust to the dark hotel room, I stretched. Thankfully, I had snagged a bed, so I wasn't sore. After quickly getting dressed, I headed out for a run. After weeks of daily practices at Carolina, I missed the physical activity. The streets were empty, a nice change of pace from the usual. It felt so good to get out. The last few days had been stressful, so it was good to relieve some of the tension. I was pumped up from everything with the council and Samantha, and probably could have run forever if I hadn't found myself back at the park.

I saw her just as I rounded the corner to the pond. A light haze coated the sky, but the rising sun gave enough light to illuminate the area. I stopped several feet away and just watched. She was doing some kind of yoga stretches. I had no idea someone could be that flexible, and it only accentuated her beauty. Although it made me wince thinking about how painful it would be to hold my leg up like that, I couldn't turn away. Her eyes were closed, so I decided to enjoy the view.

"Can you feel it?" Samantha's voice broke me out of my near trance. Did she realize I was there? "Kevin?"

She knew. Damn! Hopefully, she didn't know I had been practically ogling her.

"Yeah. Sure. Sort of?" I had no idea what she was talking about.

She turned around and strolled over to me. "Ever since you and your sister arrived in Energo, there has been a change in the air. Now it is even stronger." Samantha seemed so confident and excited that I didn't want to let her down.

I tried to play it off as though I actually understood what she was saying. "Yeah, it's great, huh?"

Samantha laughed. "It is almost like a large weight has been lifted. We can do this. We can defeat Blake." I gave her a weak smile, but couldn't help focusing on her lips.

As if she read my mind, she filled in the distance between us. I was sweaty from my run, but figured she had been working out, too, so I didn't let it stop me. I kissed her, and just like the night before, it was incredible. A warm chill spread through me, giving me goose bumps as I lightly touched the small of her back.

She pulled back, breathless for a moment. "Whatever is developing between us cannot get in the way of our duty and our fight. We can only continue if you understand that."

"I get it. I completely understand." I was grinning like a Cheshire cat. I would have agreed to anything at that moment; things just felt right. My life back home started to feel further and further away, but that didn't bother me. My biggest concern was somehow doing my part to save Energo while trying not to screw things up with Samantha.

Wordlessly, Samantha started running, and I joined her. We took the long route back to the hotel, and I let myself relax and enjoy the exercise. By the time we separated and went to our respective rooms, I felt recharged. I took a shower and got changed before any of the other guys were even up.

***

After pacing the lobby for at least a half hour, I was relieved that someone else finally woke up and joined me.

Henry stepped out of the elevator eagerly and walked over to me. "I thought about going out to explore, do you want to come?"

"Sure, there's nothing much to do here."

The streets were no longer empty as we exited the hotel, but it was still early enough that we didn't have to deal with the bustling crowds.

"If I remember correctly, there is an open air market nearby. I need to find a gift," Henry explained as we headed in the opposite direction from the park.

"Who's the gift for?"

"Rachel. I do not know when I will see her again, but I want to have something to give her to help make up for my unexplained absence."

"Good point, a gift can't hurt. So are you two serious, then?" I asked as we continued walking.

"I have never met anyone like her." He smiled momentarily, but it quickly faded. "Yet I do not know how it would ever work between us."

"Why? Because you come from different worlds?" I laughed, realizing how true the words were.

"I am a Guardian. I have to stay with Charlotte, and eventually, she will take her place in Bellgard. Rachel would never leave her life behind."

"You know I never really thought about that before."

"About what?" he asked.

"About Charlotte and I really living in Energo. I mean, she hasn't even finished high school."

"She is the Essence; she does not need to finish school. I suppose there is no reason to worry about any of that now. None of it matters if we cannot overthrow Blake."

"Right." I let Henry's words sink in. For a few minutes, I had actually let myself forget about Blake.

After a short walk, we arrived at the market. Set up along the water, it spanned several city blocks. Rows of stalls were covered with canvas canopies that made it difficult to see the goods unless you ducked underneath. We walked through the market slowly. Henry stopped occasionally to look at some stalls.

"So what about you and Samantha? What is happening with the two of you?"

"I wish I knew." I shook my head. "I have no idea what I'm doing or how to date someone in Energo."

"Samantha probably does not have any idea how to either. She is not exactly a typical Energo girl."

"Yeah, I can see that. Even Charlotte is forced to wear dresses in Energo so she blends in, yet I've never seen Samantha in anything but pants. I don't think there is anything typical about her." I continued to peruse the items in the stalls with little interest. "I like that she's different. I can't really imagine myself with a traditional Energo girl. Well, I guess we are both in impossible relationships."

"Maybe, maybe not. You may have been raised somewhere else, but your home is Energo. You have that advantage."

"Possibly." I thought about the truth in his words. Energo may not have been home, but it was definitely growing on me. "I hope things work out for you and Rachel," I said genuinely. It was obvious that Henry had real feelings for her.

"Thank you." Henry stopped at a stall selling jewelry. He lifted a bead necklace off the table and held it up to the light. The small beads looked somewhat like pearls, but they seemed to be glowing. "This seems like Rachel."

"How are you going to explain glowing beads? They're not exactly the type of thing you find in Charleston."

"I will tell her I bought it somewhere in Europe," Henry joked.

"Do you wish to buy one for someone special?" the old woman manning the table asked.

I reached into my pocket and fingered the coins that Monty had given me before I left the caves. Energo's currency was accepted almost anywhere. "No thanks. I don't think she's really a jewelry person."

"Every woman loves jewelry."

"I'll keep that in mind. Maybe next time."

The woman smiled kindly. "Please come back if you change your mind."

Henry paid for the necklace, and we headed back in the direction we came.

After fending off an eager merchant trying to sell us some sort of pottery, Henry pointed to a small food stand on the corner. "You have to try one of these calu; they are incredibly delicious."

"I have no idea what it is, but why not? I'll try anything once."

Henry handed over a few coins to the seller and accepted two pretzel-like items wrapped in paper.

I bit into the snack Henry handed me. Crunchy and shaped like a figure eight, it was covered with a sweet seaweed-like coating. "Wow, that's awesome."

"I am glad you like it. I love pizza and everything, but have missed the foods I grew up with."

"I can understand that. You ready to head back?"

"Sure. We do not want to be late for your big speech today."

"Thanks for reminding me," I grumbled.

***

Bry had warned me there would be a large group, but the mass of people in front of me was huge. Bry and I stood on a balcony by the port. Hundreds of boats lined the port, all preparing for launch. The boats were nothing like the dump of a boat we had sailed. They were sleek ships, many extremely modern. The crowd swelled below us. Each nation had sent a sizable contingent of soldiers, and they nearly filled the port. When I had first arrived in Alak, I would have been shocked by the differences in those assembled. Between the ox-like people from Kenset, the blue people from Cardian, and the shimmering diamond people from Zale, the crowd was clearly not a typical Carolina one. Even the most human-looking people, like the Sutonti and Nordicos, had an otherworldly feel to them, similar to Naomi and the rest of the cats from Zatamania. The group that took me most by surprise was the Aves, tiny people who barely came up to my knee. I wasn't sure how much help they were going to be, but I certainly wasn't going to turn away more support.

Bry nudged me forward to stand on a blue square etched into the balcony. "You have to say something."

"What am I-" I stopped when I heard my voice amplified over the crowd. The blue square must have been part of some sort of speaker system.

Once Alexander agreed to get the Nordicos involved, it seemed like everything in Alak stood still while everyone's attention focused on getting ready to face Blake back in Energo. With everything going on, I had failed to prepare myself to make another speech, so I just winged it.

"Hi, everyone. I'm glad you have all decided to join us." The crowd fell silent, watching me intently.

"I know the decision to support our cause was not an easy one, but I appreciate the sacrifice each of you are willing to make. Just remember we are doing this for our family and friends, for our people." I paused, and the crowd started to cheer. Maybe the whole speaking thing wasn't as hard as I thought.

"We leave for Energo tomorrow, and we will not stop until Blake is put back in his place. We must aid the Resistance and find a way to defeat the darkness surrounding Blake." I paused. "Are you all ready?" The crowd roared again, and the only thing missing was loud music.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Charlotte

While the guys continued talking outside, Mom and I walked inside and upstairs to the room we were sharing. We sat on two beds, both covered with old quilts. Although the house hadn't been lived in for a while, it was comfortable. After lighting a small fire in the fireplace located in the corner of the room, Mom and I sat quietly for a while, enjoying the warmth and each other's company. My hands started to thaw as I rubbed them together. I was really tired of the cold.

Mom broke the silence. "It is not supposed to feel like any other attraction, Charlotte."

"Then what is it supposed to feel like?" I wasn't quite prepared to jump right in discussing my feelings for Calvin, but I forced the awkwardness away.

"Magic. Magic you cannot possibly repel, stronger than anything you can imagine. That is what a bond between an Essence and a Gerard is."

"So you admit it isn't natural?" I understood what she was saying, but I needed more.

"That depends on how you define natural. Maybe it is not natural the way you were raised to view relationships. I suppose using that reasoning, your feelings for Liam feel more natural than the ones you have for Calvin, but for us, it is the most natural connection possible."

It took a second to process that my mom had actually just called me out on having feelings for Liam. "Mom, I know it's weird that I kissed Liam like that, but-"

"There is no reason to explain. I have been thinking about it, and I think that it was the Source."

"The Source made me kiss Liam?"

"Yes. The Source must have known that his presence on your Guard held a great purpose and made you kiss him to make it possible."

I gawked at her. If only all actions could be explained away that easily. Maybe the Source made me do it, but I had a feeling the crush was all of my own design. "What kind of purpose?" I wouldn't have believed her, except that I remembered that intense feeling to kiss him and the heat that resulted when we had touched. Besides, I had no other explanation for how he had become a Guardian.

"I do not know what the purpose is yet. For now, I'm satisfied knowing that he is someone who cares for you deeply and would do anything to protect you."

"And why did my kiss make him a Guardian?"

"Growing up, I was never allowed to spend much time with any boys but my brothers. Everyone assumed I would be the Essence, since I had no cousins and Ruth felt a new Essence was due. I complained about it to Ruth once, and she told me about the fear that a physical relationship between a future Essence and a boy of the right age could influence the makeup of the Guard. I always thought it was just an old myth, but you may have just proved it true."

"Wow, you really only spent time with your brothers? I can't imagine if Kevin were the only one I could socialize with." I may not have been the most social person in the world, but even I needed to get out sometimes.

Mom laughed. "My brothers were not too bad, and I did not know any different. But when I talked about feelings, I did not mean just the kiss."

"Then what did you mean?" I felt uncomfortable, afraid of the direction the conversation might move.

"Charlotte, honey, you have had a crush on Liam since you were a little girl. You are not going to sit here and deny it, are you?"

"You knew that?"

She laughed. "It was pretty obvious, sweetheart. You followed him around like a puppy, and those Barbie weddings..." She shook her head.

"Do you think he knew? And Kevin?" I was mortified.

"I doubt it. I think they were clueless. I am sure the kiss shocked Liam quite a bit."

"You could say that. But then again, I didn't see him for three years afterward, so I don't really know his reaction." I shuddered, thinking of how much I had worried about that kiss while we were in Alaska.

"That crush never disappeared, did it? You still felt something when you came back after being away, right?" She looked at me expectantly.

"I guess I did. But really, I only saw him for a week or so before meeting Calvin, and then nothing else compared." I absently pulled at a loose piece of string from the quilt.

She smiled. "And something tells me that you and Liam got closer during the year when you were apart from Calvin."

"Mom, nothing happened. We were friends; my feelings are for Calvin." I started to feel funny. She wasn't exactly accusing me of doing anything wrong, but I didn't like it.

"I know that, but that does not mean you do not have feelings for Liam. Of course, you will not act on them, and I trust he will not, either. He seems acutely aware of your position with Calvin." She paused. "Well, and he is probably terrified of your brother's reaction anyway."

"Mom, Liam and I are just friends. Just like James is just a friend. His kissing me meant nothing and-"

"James Mendel kissed you?" The look of shock on her face reminded me that she didn't know about that yet.

"It wasn't a big deal. We were out, and this guy was hitting on me, and when I asked James to get him to leave me alone, he kissed me."

"Real subtle." She seemed aggravated, but not exactly mad.

"That's just James. He does impulsive things just to annoy me sometimes."

"I agree with you there. And I trust your instincts, so I will trust him. I do not believe we should judge a man by his father, but that kind of behavior reminds me of Blake."

"What? James is nothing like Blake!" I had raised my voice, and I hoped no one else could hear me. I felt so guilty about the unexplained doubts that lingered every time I thought of James that I jumped to defend him even faster than usual.

"Blake was not always the way he is today. He was never the nicest boy. As I explained, he was a lot like James. He was no Liam or Calvin." She gave me a small smile, and I could feel myself blush.

"So he was once something other than evil?"

"Of course. I do not know of anyone who is born evil. He was actually a good friend of both your uncles."

"I still can't believe you have another brother I knew nothing about." I didn't want to make a big deal about it, but I couldn't just pretend that I wasn't bothered by how much she had hidden from me.

"It was too complicated. Honestly, would you have believed me?" She watched me intently, searching my eyes for something.

I thought about her question. "Probably not. I would have thought it was just another one of your fairy tales..." I stopped, unable to quite accept the realization that she had tried to tell me the truth in the only way she could without putting us in danger. How had I not put two and two together before?

"Wait. All those stories you used to tell us before bed, they were real, weren't they?" My head filled with memories of stories about a princess who lived in an old castle.

"Well, they were partially based on the truth. I never fought dragons." She laughed and her whole face relaxed. She looked more like the mom I remembered.

"So, when did Blake change?"

"After I became the Essence. He was upset that he was not my Gerard, and he grew darker."

"Darker how?"

"He was more sullen and became determined to figure out why certain people became Guardians and others did not. It was all very awkward because his best friend was my Gerard." She sighed.

I could tell she was thinking about her Gerard. I couldn't fathom losing Calvin; even our time apart hurt horribly. "I'm sorry, Mom. I can't imagine how hard it must have been. Do you still miss him?"

"Yes. I do not think one ever gets over that sort of loss, but in the end, I was lucky enough to meet your father. Having you and Kevin has been the most wonderful experience in my life. I would not trade my family for anything-even my Gerard." I could feel her hurt, but I knew she was speaking the truth. I hadn't thought about it before-how Kevin and I only existed because Mom lost her Gerard.

"Do not worry about that. You and Calvin are reunited, and I can tell that he makes you happy. I really did not mean to suggest anything by bringing up your feelings for Liam. I only wanted to explain the difference between Energo and how you were raised."

"I love him, Mom." The words flowed out quickly. I had never told anyone but Calvin that.

"I know. I can see it in your face, and I can feel it." She stood and rested a hand on my shoulder. "With that thought, I think it is time that we both get some sleep. We have a big day tomorrow." She tucked me in like she used to when I was a little girl and kissed my forehead. "Goodnight, Charlotte."

"Goodnight, Mom." I slipped off into one of the best sleeps in ages.

***

We left early under a hazy sky. A cool mist made it difficult to see beyond ten feet. Mom didn't need to ask if I was the one who had created the weather conditions; she just smiled.

"Do we have you to thank for the cover?" Calvin wrapped his arm around me again, and I snuggled into his side, content to be back with him. I wasn't certain if my abilities were better because I was with Calvin and my mom, or if it really was all about the confidence, but it felt good to be useful.

"Yeah, it was me. Isn't it nice to have an Essence around? I just hope someone has a good sense of direction."

"It's more than nice, and I am glad to see you still have your sense of humor." He leaned down to kiss me lightly. Calvin and I were finally together again, and I couldn't get enough. Any lingering anxiety over how little I knew him was alleviated after talking to my mom. When I allowed myself to really feel like the Essence-to really feel at home in Energo-I accepted that our bond was natural.

We discussed strategy as we walked. I had finally learned to use more of my abilities, which would be a huge help, but we still needed numbers. We hadn't heard from Kevin, so we had no idea how his mission to recruit the other Pact nations had gone. I was confident. I couldn't imagine my brother failing at anything. The nervousness bubbling inside of me was all about my part. I knew I had the potential, but I still had to use my power in the heat of battle. As James had pointed out at Icentris, I couldn't afford to hesitate. Seeming to sense my unease, Calvin pulled me in closer, and I let myself relax.

When we stopped for lunch, Calvin led me to the side. "Would you care to eat lunch on our own?"

I smiled. "Absolutely." Mom overheard the exchange and waved for us to go ahead.

After eating a quick, nearly tasteless lunch, Calvin and I lay down in a grassy clearing. I leaned my head on his chest and listened to his breathing and beating heart. The reunion with my mother had temporarily distracted me from how amazing it was to have Calvin fighting on my side.

"What are you thinking about?"

I thought about picking my head up to reply, but I was just too comfortable. He started running his fingers up the sides of my arm, and I was beyond relaxed. "I'm just so happy that you're here." I left out the part about him finally coming to his senses and joining the Resistance.

"My thoughts exactly." He rolled me up on top of him. Pleasantly surprised by his playful side, I looked down and kissed him.

"You're not going to ever leave me again, are you?"

"If I remember correctly, you are the one who left me." He sighed, but I knew he wasn't really mad. "Not that you lacked a good reason."

"It was hard to leave. It took all the strength I had. It's hard to fight what comes naturally."

"Did you just call our relationship natural?" He watched me intently.

"Yeah, I think I'm done pretending otherwise." I gave him a coy smile, and he pulled my head down to his, and our lips locked. It felt so good to get lost in his embrace again, to feel his arms around me, and to know I didn't have to be alone.

"I am sorry to interrupt, but we need to get moving."

The heat rose to my face as I realized that Lawson had been watching us. I moved off of Calvin quickly, but he pulled me back down so I ended up sitting on his lap, facing him.

"Thank you for letting us know. We will be just a minute." Calvin held me to him for a few moments longer, then looked at me with a smile. "You are adorable when embarrassed."

I swatted at him in a failed attempt to hit him. I was still overwhelmed by the kiss and from being found in such a compromising position. "You enjoyed that, didn't you?"

"What? Kissing you? Of course." He gave me a wry grin.

"You know what I mean."

"Charlotte, you are my Essence. We are supposed to be together. I had to wait a year to enjoy the greatest benefits of being the Gerard, and I will not be embarrassed by it." He kissed me lightly on the top of my head before standing, then helping me to my feet.

I was still a little lightheaded when we went to meet the rest of the group. I hoped Lawson hadn't reported the position he found us in, but that prospect was doused when James raised an eyebrow and Mom gave me a secretive smile.

I ignored their hints and said, "Okay, so let's get going." It was time to return to the Resistance.

Chapter Twenty-Three

Charlotte

The moment we entered the fern grotto, five soldiers with swords surrounded us. In a swift movement, Calvin pushed me behind him.

"That isn't necessary." I said to the soldiers. Calvin held me back as I tried to step around him.

"I understand he is your Gerard, but he supports Blake," one soldier said.

"He is no longer with Blake," Monty responded.

"Do you agree to vouch for him until we reach Theodore?" the soldier asked.

"Yes, let us pass." Monty didn't wait for the soldier to move out of the way. He pushed ahead, making the man jump to the side.

Calvin tensed beside me, so I squeezed his hand. I understood that returning with us to the Resistance couldn't have been easy for him.

"Sweet mercy, Emma!" Theodore pulled my mom into his arms. We stood back a little in an attempt to give them privacy. The reunion between Mom and Monty had been emotional, but nothing like the one we were watching. I guessed the difference was that she and Monty had parted on good terms.

"Hello, Theodore." Mom smiled with a look of pure happiness.

"I am so sorry, Emma. Can you ever forgive me?" Theodore shook with emotion, looking as though he might fall to his knees.

"I already have, Theodore, years ago." Mom put both her hands on his face. "I heard you have a daughter the same age as mine. When can I meet my niece?" She sure knew how to defuse a situation.

"Tara is in the dining area with Owen. I would show you back but-"

Monty broke in, "Don't worry. I am sure Charlotte would love to see Tara as well, and she can introduce Emma." I could tell that Monty was trying to get rid of me, but I wasn't ready to go quite yet.

"I'll stick around a little longer." I left no room for argument.

"If you insist." Theodore stiffened before turning his attention to Calvin. "How can I know for sure that your change in allegiance is true?"

"In the same way that the Resistance found it fit to believe in your change." Calvin's harsh tone took me by surprise, but he was right. Theodore had betrayed his own sister, yet the Resistance trusted him.

"I suppose I deserve that," Theodore replied evenly.

Monty nodded. "We have no choice but to trust him. The Essence needs to be with her Gerard. You know as well as I do that we cannot win this without Charlotte at her best."

"Very well. We can use any help we can get. You might as well work with the men; you will rally their spirits." Theodore's change in demeanor surprised me, but it only confirmed my suspicion that the questions were just a formality.

"Calvin, I assume you were privy to Blake's plans?" Monty put down his pack as he spoke, a sign that he was starting to relax.

"Blake kept much from me, but I have a good idea of his military plans."

"How large is the Bravado now?" Lawson asked.

"The count is now in the thousands. Blake has been pressing men into serving."

"Blake has conscripted men by force?" Theodore fumed, his face darkening into a shade of purple.

"What's the big deal? We've used a draft before," Liam said.

"Energo has never needed to draft anyone. Usually, it is such an honor to be called up that Bellgard turns people away," Monty said.

"We should introduce you to the men." Theodore gestured for Calvin to follow him.

"I believe this is our cue to go find Tara," Mom said lightly.

I stood on my tiptoes, and whispered to Calvin, "Is it okay with you if I go?" I didn't want him to think I was abandoning him.

"Absolutely. Go right ahead." He kissed the top of my head. Mom took my hand, and we walked further into the caves.

***

"The Bravado is moving in. We need to relocate to the watchtower." The lookout alerted us to their approach. Calvin placed a hand on my shoulder.

I immediately responded, "Then it's time we head up." Strangely calm, I let Calvin lead me through the maze of caves to a small staircase built into the wall. James brushed past us without a word.

We walked out to the open area that jutted out of the side of the cave. An overhang of trees provided some camouflage, but still left us in a vulnerable position. I knew Calvin wanted me to stay more protected inside, but he accepted that I would be more useful there.

Mom was waiting for us. "Are you ready, Charlotte?"

"Yes, I'm as ready as I'll ever be."

"Okay, relax as best you can." Mom placed a comforting hand on my arm. "They will be here in minutes."

I listened to Calvin give directions to Liam, James, and a group of the Resistance soldiers. "We should move into formation around Charlotte and Emma. If the lookout is breached, we get them down at all costs."

We stood there for several moments before the sound of horses and men's war cries were heard in the distance. I looked up at the sky, blood-red for as far as I could see. Branches of trees beyond the grotto looked like pens dipped in ink as they touched the redness. My stomach tightened as I worried the sky was a prediction of things to come. The Resistance spilled out of the caves to meet the Bravado, leaving all the children and most of the women inside.

"There are too many men!" Calvin exclaimed as endless rows of soldiers appeared and stretched across the entire horizon. "Blake could not possibly have this many!"

"They are not men." A soldier handed Calvin a pair of binoculars. The soldier's hand shook, and his eyes were glazed with terror.

"How is this possible?" Calvin mumbled.

I ran forward, tugging the binoculars from Calvin's hands. I momentarily questioned my eyesight as I watched rows of corpses move forward. With hollow eyes and loose skin, the zombies were a sickening sight. Worse was the thought that Blake could control the dead. I silently handed the binoculars to James, trying to keep from hyperventilating. I heard everyone discussing the revelation, but I had to get ready.

Mom returned to her position behind me. "All right, Charlotte, you remember what to do." We had briefly discussed strategy, but decided I should go with my gut when the time came.

Closing my eyes, I reached out and pulled in the energy from the surrounding jungle. I had a sudden inspiration and pictured the thick vines of the fern grotto growing longer, moving toward the Bravado, and encircling their legs. I kept my concentration, trying to block out the screams from below.

Although the vines knocked down several lines of men, they were not enough.

"More. Keep concentrating," Mom instructed.

I kept my eyes closed, even though they started to burn. I heard my mother say, "More." I had a sudden image of the world shifting and the Resistance finding protection on higher ground. As I pulled energy from around me, the ground shook, and even with my eyes closed, I knew I had caused the land beneath the caves to rise.

While I held that visualization, I felt another pull. I pictured large billowing storm clouds and the wind picking up as huge balls of hail assaulted the Bravado. Though intently focused, I could still feel the steep temperature drop. I struggled to maintain enough energy to focus on both images. The exhaustion nearly overwhelmed me, and a sensation of fire surged through every inch of my body, but it still felt incredible. Using my abilities thrilled me; I never wanted the sensation to stop.

In the mist of the euphoria, there was a tug of something else-something foreign. I knew instantly that it was bad. The new sensation was the opposite of how I felt when I connected with the Source. I tried to push against it, but my efforts just made the sensation worse. The discomfort quickly became pain, and I weakened.

"Charlotte? Charlotte, open your eyes. Something is wrong!" my mother cried.

I tried to pull to the surface, but couldn't. The sensation had a color-black-and it engulfed me completely.

"Open your eyes." My mother's hands were cool on my face as she tried to pry open my eyes. "Calvin, something is wrong. You have to pull her out."

Calvin. I heard his name and wanted him closer. I got my wish as I sensed his approach. I had never been so connected to Calvin while using my powers, and the effect of his hand on me was indescribable. Slowly, the black faded, and I opened my eyes.

"Are you all right?" Calvin asked.

I let Calvin steady me as I stood up from where I lay on the ground. I leaned into him as we walked to the edge of the lookout. Below, the Bravado were successfully climbing the hill.

"I have to try again," I said.

"No! It is too dangerous, Charlotte. You cannot sacrifice yourself. I think that Blake must have found a way into your head." I knew instantly that Mom was right. The blackness had been Blake.

"How is Blake stronger than Charlotte? She is the Essence." Calvin looked down at the fight with alarm.

"He must be more powerful than we thought. We are lucky he did not kill her." Mom's voice sounded strained.

"We have to stop them!" I screamed. My Guardians needed to get down to the fight. "You're all free to go!" I didn't want any of them getting hurt, but we couldn't lose the battle. If Blake had his way, the Resistance would be destroyed.

"We won't leave you unprotected!" Liam shot me down immediately, his eyes full of worry.

"Then I'm going down, and you can all join me." I headed toward the stairs, but before I took two steps, Calvin put his arm around my waist.

"What good do you think you are going to be down there?" His voice was kind, but I could hear his tension.

"Maybe I'll have a chance if Blake doesn't know where I am." I didn't actually believe it, but I needed to help in any way possible.

"He is not finding you by sight. He will find you anywhere," Mom said.

"Can I at least try to reach out for Kevin? Maybe if they're coming, we'll be okay."

Mom paused for a moment. I sensed her hesitation, but she eventually gave in and said, "You have one minute."

I didn't wait for her to change her mind. I recognized that I didn't actually have to listen to her, but she was my mom, and some habits take a while to break. The sensation of the fighting hit me as soon as I closed my eyes. I pushed out a little further and sighed with relief. Kevin was coming, and he wasn't alone. I wished that my abilities included telepathy because I wanted to tell him to hurry, but unfortunately, I didn't have that talent. I tried to reach out to him, but quickly hit a barrier.

Without warning, the blackness returned. It felt like being pushed up against a wall, everything froze, and my head throbbed with intense pressure, as though it were being squeezed in a vice.

"No! No! No!"

"Protect her!"

I heard the screaming, but couldn't open my eyes. Beyond my closed lids, I sensed a flash of light but my other senses were closed off. In the haze, I couldn't figure out who had screamed. I fought against the blackness, but it continued to hold me. I wanted to let go and give in, but I made one last attempt.

The blackness receded almost as suddenly as it had appeared. My eyes flew open, but what I saw had me on my knees in seconds. James lay on the ground in front of me, unmoving.

"What happened?" I cried.

"He just jumped in front of you, like he knew an attack was coming," Monty explained, studying James's limp hand.

I looked down at James's motionless body and began to tremble. Calvin and Liam each grabbed one of my arms and started to pull me to my feet.

"I don't get it! What happened?" I couldn't control my terror.

"Blake tried to kill you, Charlotte. He had your abilities closed off and was making his move. James saw it first and jumped in front of you." Liam's shaky voice mirrored his shell-shocked expression.

"We have to get you inside." Calvin began towing me toward the stairs. Too weak to fight, I went with him. Liam and Monty picked up James. He was breathing faintly, but his eyes were closed, and I knew something was seriously wrong.

Chapter Twenty-Four

Kevin

I smelled the fight before I saw it. The scent of blood was unmistakable, and it both chilled and excited me. Maybe having a taste for battle came naturally. Energo had become a part of me, and I wondered if I could choose to leave it behind. As much as I loved basketball, it was nothing compared to the way I felt holding a Guardian sword.

"We're getting close," I said. My sword was sheathed as we rode on horseback toward the fern grotto. Even though I didn't have much experience with horses, riding was a lot faster than walking.

"You better know where you are going, Winthrop." Alexander and Bry rode on either side of me. Alexander might have been working with us, but he wouldn't let up.

"Look at that!" Ollis yelled, riding up alongside us.

I followed his gaze, surprised by the bright red sky. Large storm clouds loomed, and I assumed they were Charlotte's doing. "We need to split up." The idea came to me unexpectedly, and I hoped it was a good one.

"The boy is right." Alexander agreed with me. Wonders never ceased. "Kevin, you take center, Ollis to the right. We will take the far path, and Bry you take left. Samantha, go with Bry and make sure he gets the Aves airborne."

"Sounds reasonable," Bry replied calmly. "Are we all on board?"

"Absolutely," Samantha said.

"Yes, see you on the other side." I wasn't sure where my burst of confidence came from, but I knew I could do my part.

Alexander spoke to the leaders from the other nations and gave everyone their orders. Naomi and the rest of the Zatamanians rode with us. We took off, the distance between us and the grotto shortening rapidly. The wind howled, and I zoned out, only aware of my place on the horse.

We stopped short when we came to a steep hill. I didn't know Energo well, but I was sure I would have remembered a hill that size.

Naomi rode up behind me. "Your sister never ceases to amaze me."

I pointed at the steep incline. "My sister did that?" The caves had risen several meters from the rest of the ground. It looked like a mesa.

"Who else could have?" Naomi asked sarcastically.

I didn't have to turn around to know that Naomi was rolling her eyes. Even though I couldn't see the top of the hill, I had a bad feeling about how the Resistance was doing. Hundreds of Bravado men were clawing their way up the side of the mesa.

"There is another way up," Henry said. "Follow me."

Henry took the lead, and I signaled for the line behind us to follow. As we reached the peak of the hill, we were met with a sea of black. Thousands of Bravado soldiers filled the field, with all of their attention centered on Ollis and his men. I gave the signal, and we moved in-just as Bry and Alexander rounded the hill, taking the Bravado by surprise.

At the same moment, a bright light nearly blinded me. Even though the light was bright, it felt dark. I blinked a few times, grateful I wasn't injured. I couldn't figure out where the light came from, but I knew Blake had sent it. No one else could create something that felt so horrible. My gut clenched as I realized that any attack by Blake was more than likely aimed at Charlotte.

I searched for a sign of Blake in the mass of bodies, but I could hardly see. Blinded once again, I squinted and realized the glare from the sun reflecting off the Zales was causing the problem. I barely had time to unsheathe my sword before another group of our men filled in behind me and I was pushed through the mass of bodies toward the center of the field.

"What the hell are those?" I yelled to Naomi. What appeared to be walking corpses straight out of a horror movie littered the field, many wielding maces, axes, and knives. Flesh hung off their bodies, and their eyes were empty holes.

"They look like dead people," Naomi replied. I knew Blake had some serious power, but I had no idea he could raise the dead.

A zombie came at me, and I slashed it with my sword. The flesh fell away easily. It was like slashing butter with my guardian sword, yet no matter how many times I cut him, he wouldn't fall. I thrust my sword into his chest, aware that more zombies surrounded me. The zombie impaled on my sword appeared unfazed, and with his eyes glowing red, he pushed the sword further into his chest pulling it from me. Weaponless, I kicked the corpse to the ground, but found myself quickly surrounded. I punched another corpse in the head, and it felt like punching rotten wood. As ineffective as the punch was, I tried again, only to have my arms grabbed and pinned behind me. Flooded with panic, I watched with horror as the zombie prepared to attack me with my own sword. Just as I expected the blade to make contact, the zombie crumbled to the ground.

"You have to cut off the head!" Ollis screamed while moving around me.

My arms were freed and two more zombie heads rolled on the ground. I followed his lead, and he was right. Without the head, the body fell. As soon as I had taken care of one, three more surrounded me. I got rid of them handily, but it was crazy, like something out of a video game. Maybe I should have spent more time playing Resident Evil.

The air reeked of salt, blood, and rotting flesh, but the adrenalin running through my body kept the nausea from emptying my stomach. Another corpse came at me, a sword clutched in its bony arm. I went to slash at his head, but a blur of white pulled the corpse down in front of me. As the blur slowed, I realized a giant white wolf was ripping apart the zombie. Fighting through the carnage, I wondered where Samantha was and hoped she was doing well.

Out of nowhere, the sky darkened further. I looked up to see a flock of giant white birds that resembled hawks. With wings extended, the birds soared before suddenly diving down to the field. I covered my head instinctively, trying to protect myself from getting clawed. When I felt no claws, I moved my hands and looked for the birds. The hawks were only attacking the Bravado. Screams filled the air as the hawks went after the soldiers. I tensed as Blake's men passed by me as they tried to leave the field. It took me a minute to process it, but then I remembered Alexander telling Bry to get the Aves airborne-they were the hawks. As meek as the Aves seemed in person, they were a terrifying sight as a flock of birds amidst the battle. Of all the strange things I had witnessed since discovering Energo, the shifters were the hardest to accept. Between the Zatamanian cats and the Ave hawks, I started to think that anything was possible, even zombies, apparently.

The Bravado slowly began to retreat, and I searched for Samantha. Although I fully understood that she could take care of herself, I needed to find her.

She found me first. "Something about this does not feel right."

I expected Samantha to be excited; her words took me by surprise. "What do you mean?"

"The Bravado should not be retreating so easily. It is as though Blake planned it all along, and he went into the battle for reasons other than destroying the Resistance."

Samantha was right, and I needed to find Charlotte. What if his goal was to kill her, and he succeeded? My heart sank as I ran frantically toward the caves.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Charlotte

I jumped at the touch of a hand on my shoulder, and it tore my attention away from James. Kevin and I locked eyes before I stood up and let him take me into a hug. He pulled away from me, a look of amazement on his face. Turning around, I found the object of his attention-Mom. Glancing back at Kevin, I could have sworn there were a few tears. He didn't move, and Mom eventually closed the distance and hugged him. She pulled away from Kevin long enough to gesture for me to join them, and the three of us hugged as though our lives depended on it. Maybe they did. I knew instinctively that the future of Energo lay in our hands.

Without warning, Kevin let go of us. "What's he doing here?"

I spun around to see who had Kevin so worked up and saw him staring at Calvin.

"Calvin is with us, Kev. Calm down." I was sure Kevin heard me, but he brushed past me as if I wasn't even there.

"So you think you can just walk back into my sister's life, just like that?" Kevin's voice was harsh and loud. Everyone was staring.

"I am her Gerard. I have always been in her life. I never should have doubted her."

"Cut the crap. Seriously, is everyone just willing to accept this?" Kevin looked around, and for a moment, no one responded.

Liam moved toward us, clutching his sword. "What choice do we have? We need him."

"Liam? Wait. Is that a Guardian sword? What's going on?"

Liam lifted up his sword as though it were weightless, something only a Guardian could do. "Yeah, it looks like I'm officially part of the team now." He raised an eyebrow and grinned.

"But how? You know what? I don't want to know." Kevin broke into a huge smile, seemingly forgetting his disagreement with Calvin. Liam caught my eye, and I could tell he was as relieved as I was that Kevin hadn't pushed it further. I didn't think any of us could have handled a discussion about the kiss at the moment.

After the relief at seeing Kevin faded, my thoughts returned to James. He wasn't going to wake up on his own. I knew the second I touched him that there was nothing I could do to bring him out of the coma. What good was having the power to heal when it wouldn't work on your friends? Even understanding how powerless I was, I refused to just sit there and wait. I tried to stop the tears from pouring down my face, but I was so physically and emotionally spent, I couldn't. I knew that my Guardians were willing to sacrifice themselves for me, but I never imagined just how horrible it would feel if they actually did. Mom and Calvin tried to calm me down, but I shrugged off their arguments, pulling into myself. James may not have been perfect, but he was my friend, and he was only injured because he was trying to save me. Besides, I was the one who insisted on tapping into the Source again to find Kevin. If I had only listened to my mom and waited... the guilt was strong. I also felt horrible about doubting him.

"Come on, Charlotte. We'll find a way to bring him back," Kevin said.

"What if we can't?"

"Then we can't. He was doing his job. He knew the risk. He made the decision to jump in front of you."

"He saved me!" Sometimes I wanted to slug my brother, even if he was the hero of the day.

"And I'm glad he did, but what good does moping about it do? Besides, you know what this is really about." Kevin moved within inches of me as he raised his voice, but then he was pulled back by Calvin. "Whoa, man! She's my sister. Did you really think I would hurt her?"

"You are clearly upsetting her. Stay back." Calvin glared at Kevin angrily.

I didn't wait for Kevin to respond. "What? What is this really about, Kevin?"

"Your guilt. And that is plain dumb. If you question every move you make, you will get nowhere. James is one of your Guardians. Any one of us would have sacrificed ourselves for you; it comes naturally. If James could talk now, I know he would agree." Kevin looked at me as though I were a child.

His expression just made me angrier, but I also knew he was right. I owed it to myself, James, the rest of Energo, and all of the Pact nations to snap out of it enough to do my job.

"I think she gets the point, Kevin," Mom said. Unlike when we were kids, Kevin didn't argue with Mom. He was probably still in awe of having her back.

***

I barely ate dinner that night; I was just too overwhelmed. The joyfulness of the reunions had died down, and a silence hung, amplifying my awkwardness. It was wonderful to have everyone together, but it was also hard. I had accepted Calvin's presence quickly, but it was ingrained in me to want, or really to need, him by my side. It wasn't that way for Kevin and Liam. Not only did they have to listen to him as their leader, they had to stand by and watch him with me. As much as I enjoyed being close to Calvin, I didn't enjoy hurting Liam. I could almost feel his eyes burning into me whenever Calvin put his arm around me or kissed my forehead. For once, I would have welcomed James's annoying sarcasm because it would have at least relieved some tension.

"I know everyone is exhausted, but there is a lot to talk about," Mom said.

"What is Blake?" If we were going to talk, I wanted answers.

"I believe he is a Cipher." Mom's voice was quiet but deliberate.

Monty sat up in his chair. "Are you serious?"

"Yes. I do not see any other explanation."

"But that is just stuff of legend," Theodore said.

"Most legends are based on truth." Monty sounded slightly annoyed. I was surprised until I remembered that Theodore had doubted my mom before-and in a very important way.

"What the hell is a Cipher?" Kevin asked, breaking the tension building between Mom and her brothers.

"It is the polar opposite of the Essence," Monty explained. "As the Essence has the power to control everything natural and living, it has been said that the Cipher can control that which is unnatural and dead."

"That sounds pretty crazy," Liam said.

"It is. And it is most dangerous for Charlotte." Mom reached over and squeezed my hand.

"Why? Why is it more dangerous for Charlotte?" Kevin asked.

"Because if the legends are true, the Essence and the Cipher are connected. They can both use one another's power and gain access to each other's minds."

"What? Gain access to my mind?" I asked, terrified.

"He may be able to manipulate your mind, Charlotte. He may already be planting thoughts."

"Do you mean he could make me feel something I don't actually believe?"

"Exactly. Have you experienced anything like that?"

Mom and Calvin exchanged a serious glance as I tried to remain calm.

"I kept having all these doubts about James, questioning whether he was really with Blake." As scary as it was that Blake could do it, it was somewhat of a relief to know that I hadn't really doubted James.

Kevin got up and started pacing. "Can it get any worse? What else can he do to her?"

Samantha went over to calm him. It was really nice to see them together. I had never liked any of Kevin's girlfriends, but Samantha was cool.

"The implications are endless." Calvin put his arm around me, pulling me toward him as if trying to shield me. "But we will protect you. I promise you are safe."

"If he has access to my mind, why did he have to come here to kill me?" I asked.

"You figured it out, too?" Kevin asked.

"Yeah. It's the only explanation for why he retreated so easily. He wanted to get rid of me, and when he failed, he left." I let out an involuntary laugh. It was all so crazy that it was almost funny.

"Umm, Charlotte. Are you okay?" Liam asked.

I tried to regain my composure, but looking across the table at Liam made it all seem even funnier. On top of everything, the guy I had been crushing on forever finally liked me, but I was already in love with someone else. Calvin's arms tightened around me as my laughing fit got worse. It was a relief when Kevin's low laugh joined mine. Maybe we were more alike than I thought.

"Okay, Emma, what is wrong with your children?" Theodore's question just set us off more.

"You think there's only one thing wrong with the Calloways?" Liam grinned as he fell back into his familiar ribbing.

"All right, that is enough, you two. Charlotte's question is serious. Why did Blake have to be physically present to hurt her if your theory is correct?" Monty's question brought us back down to reality, and we stopped laughing.

Mom held up a hand. "He seems to have the ability to enter her mind, but Charlotte is strong enough to prevent him from doing too much. He is still much stronger when he is present."

"Wait, Mom. Were you implying earlier that I can get into Blake's head, too?"

"Yes..." Mom hesitated before continuing, "But it would be very dangerous."

"Then it is not up for discussion." Calvin's arms tightened around me so much that I had to struggle to get him to loosen them because I couldn't breathe. "Sorry, I just want you safe."

"We all want her safe," Liam said softly.

"It is going to be impossible to shield Charlotte from all risk. The sooner we accept that, the better," Theodore stated.

Monty nodded. "Stan was right. I thought he was out of his mind, but he was the one who understood."

"Stan? You mean Dad?" Dad seemed so far away, it felt strange to hear his name in Energo.

"What are you saying, Monty?" Mom sounded as surprised as I was.

"You know how Stan was so interested in the old stories about Energo?"

Mom released my hand. "Yes. He used to spend hours translating the old books."

"He was convinced he knew how Blake was able to overpower you, and he kept telling me over and over how it was playing out like an old story. That is why he went to Alaska and now Siberia. He is trying to find a way to stop Blake."

No one said anything for a few minutes. Monty's information had more implications than I could handle. My dad hadn't been trying to distance himself from memories of Mom; he was trying to save her. His actions made more sense, but they also forced me to accept that I could no longer view my life in two pieces-the real world and Energo. There was no turning back.

In that moment, looking at the faces around me, I knew that I would stop at nothing; I would sacrifice everything to protect the people I loved.

