CHAPTER ONE

Rachel held Benji's face in her hands as he leaned in to kiss her, and she had never felt skin so smooth. His eyes opened, and in those eyes, she could see all the love shining out towards her. She felt hypnotized. As their lips met, she felt herself transported to another world, his lips so smooth, the kiss magical.

She opened her eyes, and looked at him and he said, "I love you with everything that I am."

She looked into his eyes and tried to remember. She was confused.

"Who are you?" she asked. She felt deep inside her soul that she knew him, but somehow she could not remember.

"Don't you remember?" Benji asked.

She tried with everything that she had, but she just could not remember.

Suddenly, Benji started slipping away from her. Falling backwards, over a cliff. She reached out to grab him, but she felt him slipping away and watched horrified as he went plunging down, disappearing into a cloud.

Rachel blinked and found herself standing in front of her grandmother's house. She lifted her finger to ring the doorbell, but saw that it was broken and hanging from its socket. She then made a tight fist and knocked loudly on the stained glass front door, waiting for her to open it. She heard the pitter patter of footsteps coming towards the door and as she opened the large door, which creaked on its hinges, there stood an old lady with long straight gray hair, staring back at her with fierce eyes.

Before she knew it, her grandmother, who looked nothing like the woman she'd remembered grabbed her and threw her into the dungeon of her house. There were other kids trapped in there, screaming for their freedom. She heard the door slam behind her and watched the woman, who she thought to be her grandmother walking away coldly, screaming, "You will stay here until you die my kiddies!"

Rachel's body jolted and then she started to see her body shaking in front of her. She was no longer in the dungeon, but now she was a top a grand castle somewhere, she couldn't make out where though. She stood there watching as an outsider her body morph into something she couldn't quite make out. Her fingernails grew long talons, and her teeth grew into fangs, her skin became sensitive and the small tiny hairs stood on their ends at the sight of the animals roaming around down below. She felt the shirt she was wearing begin to tear on the back as her wings protruded out of them. Her wings were big, bigger than any bird she'd ever seen and they were clear and scaly, she could see through them all the way down to her bones and the blue blood vessels flowing through them. Then, as if she couldn't wait one more second to taste the blood of the animals below she leapt high into the air, higher than she'd ever leapt before and waited for her wings to spring into action, but they didn't. Rachel let out the loudest scream as she fell down to her death on the ground far below and then started twitching and convulsing.

She woke sweating and with a jolt as the train came to a halting stop. "Last and final stop of this train is Simmesport. Please check around you seat for all your personal belongings and make your way to the front of the train. I repeat, this is the last stop on this train. Everyone must get off."

Rachel rubbed her eyes and looked around her. The once jam-packed and crowded train was empty with not a soul in sight. She peered out the window and saw that it was pitch black outside and there were no lights to be seen. She looked down at her watch and it read 1:05am. She couldn't believe that she'd been sleeping on the train for so long. It was as if she just boarded and now, all of a sudden it was already her stop. She was excited to be here, yet she felt incredibly groggy from her sleep. It was as if she couldn't fully wake up, she splashed water on her face, but that didn't help. She knew she had to find her grandmother's house and get into bed.

She started to pack up all her belongings when the train came to a screeching halt. The lights started flickering on and off on the train as the conductor came back on the loud speaker, "Everyone must get off the train. I repeat, get off the train now."

She didn't know if this was a normal loudspeaker notice, or if something was wrong with the train. She couldn't understand why the lights would be flickering uncontrollably or why the conductors tone would be so harsh. Either way, she knew she had to move quickly and get to the front car of the train.

She swung her backpack over her shoulders and gathered her sweatshirt and jacket and started running towards the front of the train. The train started to move slowly again as it made its way into the station and then jolted to a stop. She pulled open the heavy metal door in between the train cars. It took all her might to get it open, but when she finally did, she had to run across the vestibule into the other train car directly in front of her. Again, she grunted as she forced the door open and she walked into an empty train car. It was as if she was the only person going to Simmesport.

Then, out of nowhere, a man appeared, wearing a full camouflage outfit with combat boots. He quickly looked at Rachel and then grabbed her quickly, covering her mouth with his large, grimy hand. She dropped her bag and the items in her hands and started flailing. He took out a spray and sprayed it into the air, causing her to cough and sneeze uncontrollably. He then dragged her back toward the back of the train and into the sleeper car.

"You better be quiet, girl. You hear me?" the man said in a southern accent.

"Get off of me!" Rachel screamed, as she felt the man's heavy body push her down onto one of the cots as he forced his body onto hers.

"There aint nobody here to save you now. They think this car is empty," the man said.

Rachel let out a scream and then, before she knew it, her body started shaking and a surge of power flooded her body. She grabbed the man by the balls, twisted her hand and then threw him off of her and he landed, crashing down into the isle next to her.

"Who do you think you are girl?" he said, lying there on the floor, with blood on his face.

Rachel couldn't help but get a whiff of the blood that was oozing out of his chin. Despite his nastiness, his blood smelled good to her. She felt her long talons growing out of her fingernails and then she raised her hand up and swooped it down, scratching his face entirely so it was bleeding all over.

The man let out a piercing yell, which was louder than she'd ever heard anyone scream. She had to act fast and get off this train, but she couldn't just leave him there on the floor, fighting for his life.

She leaned down and whispered to him, "You messed with the wrong girl!"

Then, her fangs protruded and she sunk her big teeth into his throat, sucking his blood out, laughing loudly as his body convulsed to its death.

CHAPTER TWO

Rachel finally made her way to the front of the train, looking back with her every step to make sure nobody had just seen what she'd done. She couldn't even believe what she'd just done. She heard a noise behind her, which made her jump, but when she turned around there was nobody there. She replayed the last fifteen minutes in her head and was almost certain that creepy guy was dead, but now she had doubts. What if he were still alive and out to get her? The thought of that frightened her terribly, as got off the train onto the desolate platform.

"Get home safely," the conductor said, as she disembarked the train.

"Uh huh," Rachel said, still shaken up by the whole thing.

"Everything ok young lady?" he asked.

Rachel turned to him and snapped out of her funk, "Oh yes! Yes, I'm fine," Rachel said, trying to play it cool. After all, she didn't want to be a suspect when they find the guy dead in the train.

As she stood there, she heard a loud beeping noise as all the train doors shut. The train horn sounded and then chugged along the tracks, with its cabin lights off. She looked around the concrete platform, which was lit up by only a few dimly lit lights above her head.

She was alone, no one else in sight. The sound of the crickets rang loudly in her ear and she couldn't stop swatting the bugs away from her face. She didn't know where she was or where to go next. She pulled out her cell phone to check the map but when she powered it on she realized she was in a dead zone. She walked to the other end of the platform thinking maybe she'd get a better signal there, but it didn't help, she still had zero bars.

She walked down the stairs and into the large dark parking lot of the station. She was hoping to see a taxi, or a car waiting to pick someone up, or anything. She wanted to see any sign of life in this town, but it was dead quiet and not a soul around but herself. She started walking down the road, still thinking that she was hearing things coming from behind her. Maybe she was paranoid because every time she turned around there was nobody there. She started to panic and work herself up. Her heart began to race as her steps grew quicker and quicker until she found herself running quickly down the streets of the town.

She came to a four way intersection, but didn't know which way to turn. She looked down each road, but they all looked the same, quiet and dead. No sign of life ahead in either direction so she stayed straight, and continued along her path.

She then heard the sound of a motorcycle coming up from behind her. It's loud revving sound, reminded her of something, but she couldn't put her fingers on it. The noise made her feel safe, but she didn't know why. It was almost as if she expected someone to come and rescue her on a motorcycle. It was a weird feeling though, because she'd never known anyone who rode a motorcycle, and had never been on one before. Despite that, she turned around to see its one bright headlight shining right in her eyes.

"Stop! Stop!" Rachel screamed as she tried to hail down the motorcycle.

"STOOOOOPPPPPPP!" Rachel yelled again, as it passed her by without even slowing down.

She couldn't believe it. How could they not have stopped? Did they not see her? She stood there for a moment dumbfounded on the side of the road, and then heard a loud rattling noise in the brush beside her which made her jump and start running again. She'd never been a runner before, but right now, she felt like she could run forever. She was high on adrenaline and needed to find safety or some sign of life here. Until she did, she didn't feel comfortable or safe.

Then, about five minutes later as he run turned into more of a sprint for safety as she continued to look back over her shoulder, she heard the loud engine of a tractor trailer pulling up behind her. The air breaks making noise as it chugged around the corner. Rachel quickly turned and started jumping up and flailing her arms in hopes the driver would notice her and stop.

"STOP! STOP! HELP ME!" she yelled loudly, although she was quite sure he couldn't hear her over the loud noises of the truck. Then, as if by magic, the truck driver stopped right next to her and rolled down his window.

"Are you ok?" the driver asked. "What are you doing out here at this hour?"

"I, um, I am lost," Rachel said, shyly. The second she said that, she started kicking herself because she knew she shouldn't have admitted to being lost. Now she was a target in this guy's eyes. He could do anything to her. She'd always remembered her parents telling her never to speak to strangers and never ever tell someone you're lost or you can't find your way. She knew this could turn out to be a bad situation, but she weighed her current options, and given that they were both unfavorable, she had nothing to lose. She could die out on these streets alone.

"Where are you trying to go?" the driver asked.

She looked up at the man and surveyed him, before answering. He wore a brown straw hat with a big gold buckle and a green and navy flannel short sleeved shirt. He had a pipe in his mouth and as he spoke you could hear the years of tobacco had taken a toll on his vocal chords.

"I'm going to my grandmothers, but I seem to have lost my way," Rachel admitted.

"What's her address, maybe I can help," the driver said, smiling down from high up in his truck.

Rachel reached into her pocket and pulled out a small piece of paper with her grandmother's address on it.

"12 Maple Way," she said, and then looked up.

"Hmm...12 Maple Way. I think I know where that is. You need a ride?" he asked.

Rachel knew never to take a ride from strangers, but at this moment it felt like the right thing for her to do. After all, this guy didn't seem like a predator, nor did she think he'd hurt her.

"Um, sure. Only if it's on your way thought. I don't want to put you out," she added.

"Put me out? Don't be silly. I couldn't let you out here on these streets alone. It's not safe out here. You're lucky you made it as far as you have," the driver said.

Feeling increasingly scared and nervous to be on these unknown streets, Rachel quickly said yes, and climbed high into the passenger seat of the car. She turned to the driver and surveyed him again. He seemed like a good, honest guy, but she couldn't be sure. She trusted her gut and smiled back at him as the truck pulled away down the dark empty road.

CHAPTER THREE

Rob couldn't wait for one more second to see Rachel. He was so happy that he finally found her house in Pennsylvania, or at least he thought he'd found her house. All signs pointed towards this one, and as he stood there, staring at the modest house on the corner of the street, his heart began to race. This could be the beginning of his great love with Rachel, he thought to himself. He couldn't wait to see her, and after a second of wallowing in his daydreams, he ran quickly up the front walkway and rang the doorbell.

Nobody answered.

He made a fist with his hand and banged loudly on the front door. He waited for a minute, and then heard a voice calling from inside.

"Could ya hold on for a second?"

Rob stood there, excited and nervous all at the same time. He knew this was the moment he'd been waiting for his whole life. He knew that he and Rachel would fall madly in love and be together forever.

He knocked again, knowing that it would anger the voice behind the door but he didn't care. He had to get inside.

"Did you hear me? I said hold on a second!"

"Let me in!" Rob screamed. "I have to see Rachel!"

Suddenly the door swung open and Rob stood there looking at Rachel's father who looked back at him angrily.

"What do you want?" he asked.

"I need to see your daughter!" Rob answered.

"Well, she's not here now. I'm sorry," her father answered.

"What do you mean she's not here. I don't believe you. I know she's here!" Rob said, looking inside the house.

"She's not here. Please leave now," her father said coldly.

Rob couldn't just leave. He quickly ran inside and started yelling for Rachel.

"Rachel! Rachel!"

Nobody answered.

"What are you doing? Get out of my house! I'm going to call the police!" Rachel's father yelled out.

"I'm not leaving until I find her," Rob said.

"RACHEL!"

"What is your problem? She is not here. What do you not understand about that?" her father yelled.

"Don't lie to me. I can smell her here. I know she's here," Rob said, realizing that what he just said was a little bit crazy.

"Smell her?" her father said. "This has gone too far, please leave my property now!"

"Where is she. I love her. I need to be with her!" Rob yelled back.

"You are crazy. You don't deserve to be with my daughter anyway," her father said.

Rob was so mad that he walked over to Rachel's father, picked him up off the ground and lifted him high up into the air. His head hit the ceiling with a bang and Rob started shaking him up and down, hitting his head with each motion.

"LET ME DOWN!" Rachel's father yelled. "You're insane!"

"Just tell me where she is and nobody gets hurt," Rob said, in a creepy voice.

"I don't know!"

"Well then, we can do this all day!" Rob said lifting him up into the air and spinning him now above his head with his super human strength.

"I think she's gone again," her father said, finally.

"Gone where?" Rob asked, still torturing the poor guy.

"I don't know, but I think I know who might know," he said.

With that, Rob put her father down on the ground and waited to hear what he had to say.

"So?" Rob asked. "Who shall I go to next?"

For a moment, Rob thought he wasn't going to tell him, then he opened his mouth to speak. "She had visited with her mother not long before she left us again. I think her mother knows where she is or might have an idea to point you in the right direction."

Rob was thrilled by this information, and part of him was surprised that her dad gave it to him. He was sure he wouldn't have, but then again, his life was at stake, so he didn't have much of a choice in the matter.

"And where might she be?" Rob asked.

"She's ill, she's in the hospital," her father said.

"The hospital?" Rob asked. "Which one?"

"The one in town," he said.

"Do the accept visitors outside the family?" Rob asked, smartly.

"Well, now that you mention it, I don't think so. Sorry, looks like you can't see her."

"You don't really think I'm going to give up that quickly do you?" Rob asked.

"Um..?"

"You will call now and say I'm a cousin in from out of state to see her and that they should expect me," Rob said.

"What?" her father asked. "I can't do that."

"You can and you will!" Rob said, walking over to him again as if to hurt him or torture him in some other fashion.

"STAY BACK!" her father pleaded. "I beg you!"

"Listen, I'm going to head over to the hospital now, and if they don't let me in, I'll be back here for you. Do you understand me?" Rob asked seething with anger.

"You better not come back here, do you understand ME?" her father asked. "I'll call the cops on you."

"Oh yeah, what do you think they're going to do to me?" Rob said, mocking him.

"I wouldn't try me," her father said. "I'm a powerful guy."

"Listen, I don't really care who you are to be frank. I just want to see your daughter," Rob said.

"Well, let me tell you one other thing. This is no way to enter into our family, young man. If you ever think you stand a chance with my daughter you are out of your mind. So, if I were you I'd just quit now."

"NEVER!" Rob said. "This has nothing to do with you, or your family. I don't care about your dumb family. You guys mean nothing to me. All I care about is Rachel. Nobody else in this world matters to me. I am different and she is different. It is something you will never understand," Rob said.

"Just leave, would you!" her father said, pointing to the door. "I've heard just about enough out of you."

"Ok, but remember, I'll be back if I can't find her. So you better be pointing me in the right direction."

"GOODBYE!" was the last thing he heard as he made his way out of the house and towards the hospital for more answers.

CHAPTER FOUR

Mark drove through the streets feeling energized as he knew he'd get his fix soon. It had been a few days since his last smoke, and he couldn't wait to get his hands on more. He'd become addicted, and it was all he could think about. He knew it was illegal, but he didn't care. Something inside him had shifted and he'd become a guy he hardly knew anymore. He was suddenly doing things that were completely out of the ordinary and hanging with types that he'd never liked before. Although, he was happy about it because it made him feel cool and like a rebel. He'd always wanted to revolt against society, but for some reason or another, felt contained in his skin and he couldn't break free. Now, things had changed for him, and he suddenly felt free of his inner chains and able to express his real true self.

As he pulled down the back alley way of this sketchy town he'd never been to before, a cat ran in front of him, and then smoke from a pipe in the street started billowing in the air in front of him making it hard to see. He was along, and was suddenly feeling a bit creeped out by the situation. He knew he had to stay the course though, or else he wouldn't get his pot.

He turned the corner, and then outside on an old concrete porch stood two unkempt men, standing there as if they'd been waiting all day. Mark drove by and looked at the number on the house and saw this was where his dealer lived. He slowly approached the men, looking around the perimeter to make sure this wasn't a sting operation and making sure there were no police following him. He then rolled down his window and said, "Are you Romano?"

"What's the code?"

"427," Mark said, still watching his back for trouble.

"Bro, that's not the code!" Romano said and reached into his pocket and pulled out a police badge.

Mark's hear began to race as he watching this unfold before his eyes. He knew he should have never come here and now he was going to be arrested.

"I think I have the wrong house," Mark said.

"I'm just messin' with you kid!" Romano said, laughing and looking back at his friends on the porch, who were also hysterical about the whole thing.

"Listen, this was a bad idea," Mark said. "I should have never come."

"What do you mean, kid? You ain't gonna buy?" Romano asked, beginning to look angry.

"No, I don't think it's a good idea," Mark said.

"What do you mean?" Romano said. "Hey guys, he's not going to buy anymore. He faked us out!"

"WHAT?" the guys said on the porch as some stood up, with their muscles showing and started swaggering over to Mark's car.

"Come out here," Romano said. "I'll show you what I have. I don't think you will be disappointed."

Mark thought for a second and then decided he still wanted to get high, so he got out of the car to look at what they had.

"Come up here," one of the guys on the porch said. "It's up here."

Mark got out of his car and headed up towards the broken down front porch with iron railings. He knew in his heart this wasn't the best idea, but at this point he'd do anything for his weed, even if it meant entering into the lion's den.

As he got to the top of the steps he saw more guys in the house, staring at him. He got a weird and creepy feeling about this as they all came out onto the porch to see what was going on. It was as if he'd entered the wrong side of the tracks and these guys knew it.

"Well, well, look what the cat drug in," one of the guys said, as he came out of the front screen door.

Mark stood there, waiting for Romano to show him the weed. He didn't want to engage with these guys, because he knew it could end badly and he didn't want to get hurt. After all, he was a little bit out of his element. He'd never done a drug deal before.

Mark stood there waiting and silently praying that he would leave here in one piece. These guys looked like they were bad news and he was suddenly regretting his decision to get out of his car.

"Where you from, bro?" one guy asked.

"You must be from the good side of the tracks?" another guy said.

"Well? What cat got your tongue? Don't be scared of us," another guy asked, as he approached Mark and pushed him on the shoulder.

"Don't touch me!" Mark said, jumping backwards and almost falling down the steps.

"What'd you say to me?" the guy retorted. "Nobody speaks to me like that."

"I said, DON'T TOUCH ME!" Mark said, getting angry.

"You talking back to us?" another guy said, starting to approach Mark.

"Listen guys, I'm not here to make friends. I'm here to see Romano and get my stuff, then I'm going to leave and you will never see me again."

"I think you should leave now," the guy said.

"Maybe I should," Mark said.

"Mark, bro, here's the goods. Come check it out," Romano said as he came through the front door.

"Nah, man, I'm gonna go," Mark said, as he turned to walk back to his car.

"What do you mean?" Romano said. "I got this for you. You have to pay me."

"This is a little too much for me," Mark said. "I never should have come."

"Well you came, so you have to pay up."

Mark turned back to leave when he saw that his car was swarmed by even more guys than the ones on the porch.

"Don't even try and leave," Romano said.

Mark looked around and for the first time in a long time began to panic. He didn't know what to do and he was definitely outnumbered. He felt like the guys could smell the fear oozing off of his body.

"Where's our dough?" one of the guys said. "Don't make us stand around and wait all day long."

"Hand it over kid!" another guy yelled.

"I'm not giving you anything," Mark yelled back with authority. "I don't owe you a penny. I'm outta here!"

He turned to walk away, leaving Romano and some other guys looking dumbfounded on the porch. He could tell by the looks on their faces that they'd never been spoken to like that ever. Mark didn't care though all he cared about was getting back to his car and leaving that sketch hood.

He started walking down the steps, feeling an intense serge of energy come over him. It was as if his adrenaline was kicking in, except its intensity was insurmountable. It was a feeling he wasn't quite sure he knew what do to with. He could feel his body begin to shake and tremble inside as the thought of these guys ganging up on his grew into a reality.

"Let's get him!" the guys shouted.

"Romano, who is this punk! Let's beat him down!" the other guys said.

"Beat him to a pulp!" Romano said, looking directly into Mark's eyes unsympathetically.

Mark could feel their range entering into his blood stream. He didn't know how that was possible, but it was definitely entering his body. He was seething with anger and now wanted to fight them back, but he was only one guy and they were at least twenty.

Again, he began to panic and fear that he would for sure lose this battle, then he looked down at his hands and saw his finger nails turn into talons and his skin began to get little raised bumps on it. They were prickly and felt like little razor blades to the touch. Inside his mouth he began to feel his fangs protrude from his gums and as he looked around all he could focus on was the scent of the guys that were about to pounce on him. He wanted to taste them and kill them right there.

"Yo Dudes, What's happening?" Romano said. "Look at this kid!"

"I think he's going mad!" another guy said.

"He's shaking in his skin? Is he scared or is he convulsing?" another guy chimed in.

"Are you fools talking about me?" Mark asked.

"Who you callin' a fool?" Romano said as he started walking towards him with a hood like swagger.

"Yeah, who do you think you are?" another guy said.

"Fool? You think we're fools? You wait to see who the fool is now!" another guy yelled from the porch.

Mark couldn't control himself as he ran up the steps of the porch charging at Romano with all his might. As he got to the top of the steps all the guys in the house spilled out onto the porch with their fists up ready to fight. Feeling a little intimidated he slowed down and waited before he threw the first punch.

"What you got scared?" Romano asked.

"I'm never scared," Mark said.

"Looks like you chickened out!" Romano added.

"You better watch it!" Mark answered.

"I better what?" Romano asked. "White boy is telling me to watch it!"

"You're a pretty boy you know that!" the guys started saying in unison.

"PRETTY BOY, PRETTY BOY, PRETTY BOY!" they chanted, making Mark's blood boil inside.

"That's it!" Mark said.

With that he couldn't stand it anymore. He knew he was completely outnumbered but he had no choice but to fight them. He charged towards their head man, Romano with his fists up.

"He's lost it!" Romano said. "Do you see his eyes, they're blood red!"

"HELP!" Romano screamed.

Mark was surprised that his appearance scared him so much, but was thankful that it did. He charged full speed at Romano and swung at his face missing him by an inch.

"MISSED!" the guys started yelling.

"Back me up guys!" Romano yelled.

Mark felt a guy pulling on his jacket and he swung around and with all his might punched him clear off the porch sending him landing on his back in a pile of leaves.

Another guy came up behind him with two guys not so far behind, he did the same thing, punching them off the porch and leaving them crying like babies on the ground.

"What's going on here?" Romano yelled, hiding behind a porch chair. "Stop acting like wusses and kill him!"

The screen door flew open and out ran about ten heavy set football player type guys all screaming and charging right for Mark. He knew he had to think quickly or else he was doomed. His wings sprouted on his back as he rose up into the air avoiding them completely, but hanging low enough to kick them all in their faces causing them to fall down like dominos on top of each other.

"This is ridiculous!" Romano said. "You're not going to get me!"

"Not only am I going to get you," Mark said angrily. "I'm going to kill you."

Romano let out a scared laugh as he hid behind the chair. I've got so many guys here, you'll be fighting us all day long!"

"Listen, I've put out about twenty already and it's only been a few minutes. I wouldn't under estimate me!"

Within seconds of Romano saying that about fifty guys showed up in front of the house.

"Where is the little punk?" the guys started shouting.

"There he is!" the guys pointed.

"That kid? You're joking! What kind of pussies are you?" the guys yelled.

"Wait and see!" they yelled bloody from the ground.

Mark didn't know what to do. He couldn't believe they called for backup and that he was about to take on fifty tough guys. This was so out of character for him and he knew he was going to get in trouble for this. And if he didn't get in trouble, he would surely get recognized. It's not every day there is a brutal beating of one hundred grown men.

He couldn't stop and dwell on it for another moment. He didn't have any time to waste as they started running towards him with their Swiss Army knives drawn and nunchucks swinging.

Mark knew that this could be the end of him. He didn't know how to fight off guys with weapons let alone this many guys with weapons. He was surely going to die. As the approached him, he heard a rumble in the sky and looked up. They all stopped and looked up in terror.

"I'm here to help you!" Benji yelled flying quickly to his aid.

"Benji?" Mark asked. "How did you know I was here?"

"No time for questions, Mark! Let's get these guys!"

Within seconds Benji started shooting fire balls out of the palms of his hands setting the streets into a fiery blaze as they men were running through it. Some of them instantly burned to death while others were left screaming and shrieking with their limbs on fire.

Another group of guys came running out of the house shooting guns towards Benji and Mark, missing them each time they shot.

"Be careful!" Benji yelled.

"This is nuts!" Mark yelled back.

The shots kept firing as Mark watched Benji swoop down and karate chop each of the guns out of their hands and then throw them all onto the ground with a bang. He then walked over to the last man standing which was Romano and grabbed him with one swoop and started flying into the air with him in his talons. Romano was screaming and gasping for air as he rose higher and higher into the sky.

"Follow me!" Benji said to Mark.

"I'm coming!" Mark replied as he flew at a quick speed to catch up to Benji.

"We have to get out of there!" Benji said. "Do you hear the sirens?"

"Do you think they're going to find us?" Mark asked.

"Not a chance!" Benji said. "These guys won't know what to say to the police and the police are definitely not going to believe that a bunch of flying people beat them up. It's all too crazy a story."

"Let me go!" Romano yelled. "Please! I'll do anything!"

"You've done enough already!" Benji said. "You should have never messed with my boy Mark here."

"I didn't do anything. I swear!" Romano pleaded.

"I don't want to hear it!" Benji said. "Enjoy your remaining moments of life!" he said with a laugh.

Romano screamed for help but nobody could hear him up in the clouds. It was hopeless for him.

"Benji, what are you doing to do?" Mark asked.

"What are we going to do is the better question!" Benji replied.

"Huh?" Mark said.

"We are going to feed on him!" Benji said. "Aren't you hungry?"

"Really? Just like this?" Mark asked.

"Ok, you are clearly new to this whole vampire thing, so I will teach you!"

"Vampire thing?" Mark asked.

"Yes!" Benji exclaimed.

"What do you mean?" Mark asked.

"How do you think you took on all those guys on your own? How do you think you flew into the sky? And your strength? Did these things not occur to you?" Benji asked.

"I knew something was different. I've been feeling weird for a while. I've had some strange encounters and episodes over the past few weeks, but nobody was there to tell me what was going on. I couldn't figure it out on my own. I've felt alone with this and now finally someone is telling me what is happening to my body!" Mark confessed.

"I could tell when I came to rescue you that you were a bit of a deer in headlights. I knew that the sudden influx of powers and strength didn't quite make sense to you and I could tell that you still doubted your abilities. I could tell you felt unsure in your movements and that you needed a bit of guidance about the new you. There's no turning back now. You are a vampire now, Mark and will always be a vampire!" Benji said.

"LET ME DOWN!" Romano continued yelled as they started their descent onto a deserted island. "Where are we going?"

The two landed with a thud and then threw Romano down on the ground pinning him down and holding his arms and legs as he tried to squirm out of their firm hold. Benji squeezed his arms so tightly that his arms were bright red and beginning to pulsate as the blood stood stagnant in his veins.

"HELP!" he screeched as he took gasping breaths of air.

"Watch and learn, Mark!" Benji says as he leans down towards Romano's neck. His long white fangs protruding out of his mouth and his eyes, which have turned a shade of blood red focused in on his prey. He took one big inhale and then quickly dug his fangs into Romano's neck, killing him instantly.

CHAPTER FIVE

Mark walked into the local pub in his town in Pennsylvania without getting carded. He felt cool that the bouncer didn't ID him and that made him feel entitled to grab a drink at the bar. He'd never been the type of kid to drink underage, but now that he was a different person, a vampire, he figured it couldn't hurt him. He knew he was practically indestructible and his powers could ward off any danger.

As he approached the bar it was jam packed elbow to elbow and he could barely squeeze in to get the bartenders attention. He managed to poke his head through and on either side of him were big muscular gym rat type standing there in tank tops and tight jeans ordering shots of tequila.

"What can I get for you?" the bartender asked.

Thinking hard and not knowing what to order he blurted out "sex on the beach!"

"Sex on the beach?" the bartender asked with questioning eyes.

"Um yes! That's what I said," Mark answered.

The two guys on either side of him turned sharply and looked at him hysterically laughing.

"What kind of man are you ordering a sex on the beach?" one of the guys asked through his laughter.

The other guy couldn't catch his breath from laughing to say anything.

"What's wrong with that?" Mark asked. He was new at ordering drinks at bars and didn't know what was cool to order. He didn't want to get caught drinking underage either. Then, he'd be in big trouble. He knew he had to defend himself, but as the group of guys laughing grew bigger and louder, he couldn't help but feel angry at the situation.

"WHAT?" Mark yelled. "Why are you all laughing?"

"SEX ON THE BEACH! What kind of a girl are you?" the guys started to ask.

Mark had never felt so low in his entire life. He didn't know what to do to defend himself and knew that he was completely outnumbered and with no friends by his side he had nobody but himself to stick up for him.

Then, he couldn't help but notice the vein pulsing out of the guy on his lefts neck. He could see the blood flowing through his large protruding vein and all he wanted to do was feed. He could smell the guys scent and he wanted his blood. His body started convulsing as he continued to stare.

"What are you looking at?" the guy asked.

Mark didn't answer. He couldn't. All he could do was focus on his vein. And it was taking every ounce of strength inside of him not to pounce on him and feed at that very second.

"Yo, Dude. Stop staring at me!" the guy said, as he elbowed his friend still in hysterics and made him notice what was happening now.

"You're weird, man. What are you doing now?" his friend asked.

Mark still did not answer.

"STOP!" the guy said giving Mark a shove away from him. "You're a creep!"

Mark suddenly snapped out of it as he flew back into one of the bar tables knocking it over.

"What was that for?" Mark asked angrily.

"Stop staring at me you freak!" the guy said.

"What's your deal, man?" his friends chimed in.

"Why did you come out to this bar anyway. You got no friends here," the others started asking.

"You're a loner!" another chimed in.

Then in unison all the guys started chanting "LONER, LONER, LONER..."

Mark could barely handle it and then a loud voice said, "YOUR SEX ON THE BEACH IS READY!"

Now, all the guys in the entire bar started laughing hysterically at Mark. He'd never felt so low in his life and didn't know what to do.

"Get your sex on the beach, loner!" one guy said, giving him a shove from behind.

"Don't touch me!" Mark said.

"Oh yeah?" the guy asked. "Whatcha going to do about it?"

"Listen, I'm not in the mood for this right now," Mark answered.

"Did you guys hear that? He said he's not in the mood for this right now!" the guy said.

Again, the group of about a 45 guys burst out laughing.

Mark walked towards the bar and before he knew it he was laying on the floor with blood coming out of his lip. He'd been tripped by the guy who was standing to his left and now he lay on the floor, embarrassed and hurt.

Mark didn't know what to do. He couldn't let this happen and he could feel that his body was morphing into fight mode as the sharp razor like bumps protruded out of his skin and his inner strength surged.

He quickly jumped to his feet, wiping the blood off of his face and walked over to the guy who now had his back to him and grabbed him by the hair backwards throwing in onto the ground. His head hit the floor with a band and Mark could see his eyes rolling behind his head.

"Don't touch our friend!" the other guys started saying as they began to charge.

"Don't mess with me!" Mark said.

"Give me a break sex on the beach boy!" the guys said.

Then, mark felt someone try to shove him from behind. He quickly turned at lightning speed, lifted the guy up over his head and threw him into the bar, shattering all the bottle of liquor.

"QUICK SECURITY! CALL THE POLICE!" the bartender yelled in fear.

Another guy came launching at him and Mark threw him across the room, knocking over all the tables and chairs in his way.

Then, over his shoulder he saw the two big bouncers running towards him. He quickly put out both of his arms with his spiky skin showing and slashed both of their necks, the blood oozing onto his arm.

He quickly licked his arm to gain more strength from their blood and continued fighting one guy after the next. He then noticed a fleet of police cars pulling up outside the bar with their blue, red and white lights spinning in circles on top their cars.

"COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!" they shouted.

Mark was not about to leave that bar. He stayed inside brutally beating up the others until finally the police ran inside swat team style with mace and guns in their hands. Mark knew he had to think quick if he were going to get out alive.

"STOP AND PUT YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR!" the police man said.

"WE WILL SHOOT YOU!" another said.

"PUT YOUR HANDS UP!"

"NOW!"

Mark stood there and he put his hands up in the air. The police started to put their guns away as just as they did Mark lunged at them taking the police chief and spinning him around quickly causing his body to knock down the other police men who were standing near him. Then, he threw the police chief out the front window of the bar sending him face first into shards of glass on the sidewalk outside.

The other officers tried to grab him, but he was too quick for them. He sent them flying every which way and down onto the ground begging for their survival. He could hear the police officers radioing for back up outside as the men inside were getting brutally tortured by Mark.

Then, as if by complete surprise, Mark felt himself being grabbed around the waist and looked down. He then saw his hands get cuffed into metal handcuffs and placed behind his back. He tried to wiggle his way out, but it was too late. He couldn't get out of them, and none of his powers could help him now.

"We've got you!" the officer said. "You can't get away from us now."

Mark looked around the room surveying his damage and couldn't believe his eyes. It all happened so quickly and he couldn't believe this was all the result of his strength, anger and rage. He couldn't believe the person he had become.

"Look what you did!" the officers shouted as they dragged him outside and into the back of their highly armed police truck.

"You're not getting off the hook for this. Don't even think it!" the officer shouted.

"If you ever get out of jail it will be a miracle!" another yelled as he slammed the doors in Marks face.

His voice echoed in Marks head as the police truck sped away down the road. He didn't know if he would ever see the light of day again.

CHAPTER SIX

Rachel arrived at the address she'd been given by her mother and hopped out of the truck.

"Thanks again!" Rachel said, as she looked back at the truck driver, who she'd grown quite fond of over the past twenty minutes of their ride together. She looked at him as a father type figure and thought to herself she'd wished this guy was her dad. He was so kind, caring and loving unlike her real dad.

"Anytime. And be careful out there, don't do that again. Ya hear?" the driver replied with a fatherly grin.

"I won't. I promise," Rachel said.

With that she heard the engine roar, and the truck pulled down the road with only the bright red break lights to light up her way to her grandmother's house. She wondered for a moment if she'd ever see the man again. She hoped they would cross paths again, but knew it was doubtful given that she didn't live down here.

As she approached her grandmother's house she couldn't believe her eyes. It was still dark out but the light from the moon lit up the house just enough for her to see its enormity. It was unlike any house she'd ever seen and she couldn't understand why one woman would need all that space. She just couldn't fathom it. It was almost creepy looking. There were big black shudders, with some of them falling off their hinges. A large iron gate that boldly took over the front door and from a far she could see the cobwebs built up on it. As she surveyed the house looking up and down, she couldn't help but notice that many of the windows were broken, non-existent or had boards over them. She then looked down and the porch caught her eye. It looked a bit lop sided, with one side dipping almost touching the ground and the other at least four feet high. She imagined that her grandmother didn't hang out on her porch given its condition. In fact, the condition of this house made her wonder if her grandmother still lived here at all.

She walked slowly up the walkway, noticing that there weren't any lights on in the house, then she saw a dim flicker in the top window on the third floor. It looked like the light of a candle, but she couldn't tell exactly. She saw the window curtain moving back and forth, and wondered if her grandmother had seen her of if it was just the wind blowing them in the breeze.

Her mind then jumped back to the dream she had on the train and she suddenly got frightened. She stood still feeling paralyzed as she felt her hear racing inside of her body. She didn't know what to do and stood there with her eyes closed, hoping that because she couldn't see anything that nothing could see her as well. She knew that was a juvenile way of thinking, and knew it to be untrue, but in that moment it made her feel better.

She opened her eyes again, although it didn't make her feel any more secure. She still felt scared beyond belief but knew she had to continue on. She knew her grandmother was a good person, but she just couldn't figure out why she lived in this haunted house. It looked a little bit like the Tower of Terror from Disney World.

As she walked up the front steps, each one creaked louder than the one before. She felt like she was going to fall through them. She clutched onto the railing with all her might, trying to keep her balance as she carried her bags and herself up the rickety staircase.

"Ouch!"

She screamed out in pain as a splinter entered the palm of her hand. She looked down at the railing, but it was too dark to see what had pricked her hand. She let go of the railing as she approached the porch. She stopped and waited, thinking that her grandmother must have heard her scream, but she didn't. Nobody came to the door.

She looked around for the doorbell, but didn't see one. Then, she looked up at the iron door and saw a large knocker. She lifted it up with her hand and let it fall, making a very loud bang which echoed through her ears. She waited for about a minute but still no answer.

"Grandma? Are you home?" she yelled out through the door.

She waited again. The minutes felt like hours as she stood there on the front porch waiting for her grandmother to open the door and let her in. As she stood there in the humidity, she kept feeling little pricks on her skin, and then realized it was a swarm of mosquitos biting her. She could feel them sucking out her blood and creating a lump on her skin.

She let out a sigh as she turned away from the door, having lost hope that her grandmother would open up. She dropped her bags on the porch, trying to figure out what to do next. She didn't know what to do. There was not a sign of life around, except for the mosquitos that kept mauling her body. She walked back down off the porch and stood there staring at the house, hoping that maybe she could wake her grandmother up.

"GRANDMA! IT'S ME RACHEL!" she yelled up to the open window in desperation.

"CAN YOU HEAR ME?"

She realized it was a lost cause and she'd have to wait until morning. Then, she thought if she could just find an open window she could get inside. She looked at the front of the house, but they all looked to be closed. Then, she started veering off the front path and into the side yard looking for an open window. Not only did she not find an open window on the side of the house, but instead saw what looked like tombstones in the light of the moon. She couldn't understand why her grandmother would live on the same property as an old graveyard. She suddenly got the chills and despite the hot, sticky weather, got goose bumps all over her body. This was by far one of the creepiest houses she'd ever seen and was feeling more and more creeped out by the whole thing.

She kept thinking she had made a huge mistake to come down and find her grandmother. After all, maybe her grandmother didn't live here anymore and she was creeping around someone else's property like a maniac. This didn't seem like the type of place her grandmother would live, but she hadn't seen her in years and maybe she'd changed. The situation was all too much for her to handle. She quickly ran around the back and other side of the house but to no avail. She was locked outside for the night and would have to make the best of it.

When she got back to her bags she rummaged around looking for her cell phone. She was thrilled to see that she'd finally gotten one bar of cell reception, and tried to make the most of it. Holding her phone up to the sky hoping to gain more reception she starting clicking the keys of her phone in search for help.

Then as if by magic she got an alert from foursquare that said her friend had just checked into a pub around the corner from her. She rubbed her eyes and squinted trying to read the message again in disbelief. Could it really be true that her friend Kelly was only a few minutes down the road at a bar? She couldn't believe her eyes. She quickly clicked on her phone to text her friend.

Rachel: Hey! You're not going to believe this but I'm right down the road visiting my grandma.

She waited and then her phone lit up.

Kelly: OMG! STOP! You have to come out with us.

Rachel: I'm kinda stranded her thought. No way to get there. Can I walk?

Knowing that she shouldn't go back on those streets alone at night, she immediately regretted her question. She hoped that Kelly would tell her not to walk, but she didn't know what she'd say. She hadn't seen Kelly since summer camp when they were kids, but always felt a close connection with her.

Kelly: Well, do you know the streets well?

Rachel: Not at all. I just arrived actually. Been kind of a crazy night already.

Kelly: Def don't walk then. I'll come pick you up. What's your address?

Rachel: 12 Maple Way

Kelly: 12 Maple Way here I come!

CHAPTER SEVEN

Rachel couldn't believe the luck she'd just had. She was overjoyed that her friend was coming to pick her up and that she wouldn't have to spend the night on this creepy front porch. She wasn't even sure her grandmother lived in this house, so it would have been especially sketchy for her to crash on the property.

She gathered up her bags and walked to the end of the driveway and stood there waiting on the side of the road. She knew she had majorly lucked out and was so lucky she actually knew someone in this town.

A few minutes later, she saw headlight coming down the road and music blasting out the car window. It was a Dave Matthew's Band song that she used to listen to over and over when the two went to camp together. She knew this must be Kelly.

The car slowed to a stop right in front of her and Kelly jumped out of the driver seat and ran over and jumped onto Rachel giving her a giant hug. It was a very warm welcome, she thought to herself, and felt so happy to have been saved from what could have been a very dangerous night.

"Rachel, I can't believe you're here!" Kelly said, in an energetic high-pitched voice.

"I know! It's crazy. It was kinda last minute but here I am!" Rachel replied.

"I'm psyched!" Kelly said. "We're going to have so much fun!"

"Cool!" Rachel said.

She felt excited that Kelly had just rescued her, but part of her had wished her grandma had just opened the door to let her in. She was craving a quite night at home with her grandmother catching up with her. She hadn't seen her in so long and knew she was the only person who could help her make sense of herself. She was feeling lost in her own body and couldn't understand the changes that were taking place.

Then, she suddenly remembered the letter from her attic. She began to panic thinking that she'd lost it or forgotten to pack it. She quickly reached inside her backpack and searched the pockets, but it wasn't there.

"CRAP!" Rachel yelled.

"What's wrong?" Kelly asked.

Rachel didn't respond, and grabbed her other bag and started searching its pockets, too. She couldn't believe it. The only thing she really needed to bring with her and she didn't have it. Then, she remembered putting it into her jacket pocket and pulled her crumpled jacket out of her duffle bag. She reached into the breast pocket, and there it was, just as she had left it.

"THANK GOD!" Rachel said, letting out a huge sigh of relief.

"What happened Rach?" Kelly asked.

"Oh, nothing! I thought I forgot something at home, but I have it."

"What is it?" Kelly asked. "That piece of paper?" Kelly reached out to grab it from Rachel to see what it said, but Rachel quickly snatched it back, hiding it under her arms.

"What?" Kelly asked. "Why can't I see it?"

"It's nothing really. Just a note for my grandmother," Rachel said, trying to cover up her weirdness.

"Oh?" Kelly said.

"Yeah, from my mom. She couldn't come down with me this time, but wanted to give her a letter so I said I'd bring it down for her. I just don't want to lose it, that's all," Rachel said, trying to sound nonchalant about the whole thing.

"Yeah, def. I understand," Kelly said, forgetting all about it.

"So, what brings you down here anyway?" Kelly asked.

Rachel knew she was only asking innocent questions, but she didn't know how to answer them. She was kind of down here on a secret mission, but she couldn't tell that to her friend. She knew Kelly wouldn't understand. She especially wouldn't understand her vampire tendencies. She knew she had to be vague and non-descript if she wanted Kelly to drop the topic.

"Oh, just here to see grandma. Haven't seen her in years and finally have some free time. So, my parents figured I should come spend some time with her. She isn't getting any younger if you know what I mean!" Rachel said.

"Totally," Kelly said, nodding her head. "Does she live in that house?" Kelly asked.

"Um, yeah!" Rachel said, turning around to look at the big white elephant standing ominously on the plantation.

"Yikes!" Kelly said. "That's a big old house!"

"Sure is!" Rachel said.

"What's it like inside?" Kelly asked. "I pass by this way all the time on my way to work, and always wonder about it. I've never seen anyone around here, so I figured it was abandoned, but apparently not!"

"Oh really? That's so funny you say that!" Rachel answered. She didn't quite know how to answer her question, but knew she had to make something up. She couldn't tell her what had really happened.

"Oh, yeah, it's nice. Looks much different on the outside than on the inside," Rachel said, making it up.

"Gosh, I'd hope so. It looks like a haunted house on the outside. And that graveyard is just creepy!" Kelly said.

"Totally is!" Rachel agreed.

"Well, that's good at least. Maybe I can come over one day and see it and say hi to your grandmother?" Kelly asked.

"Sure! One day!" Rachel said.

Rachel hadn't seen Kelly in a long time and she was a bit surprised at how forward Kelly was with all her interrogating questions and inviting herself over to her grandmother's house. Either way, she figured she'd let it go, after all, she was glad to see her, even if she was taken aback by her personality.

"So where are we going?" Rachel asked, changing the subject.

"We're going to Infinity Club. It's the big club in town. I think you'll like it!" Kelly said.

"They just let you in?" Rachel asked, nervous about the situation.

"Well, yeah. I mean, I know one of the bouncers there and they don't even ID me anymore!" Kelly said.

"You have your fake right?" Kelly asked, assuming that she had one.

"Well, not exactly!" Rachel said, feeling ashamed.

"What do you mean?" Kelly asked.

Thinking up something to say, Rachel answered, "Well, I didn't think I'd be going out down here with my grandmother so I didn't bring it!"

Kelly laughed and said, "Oh that makes sense now! I forgot you came to see your grandmother. I wish you'd have known I was down here so you could have brought it."

"Well, what should we do then?" Rachel asked in a nervous tone. "Maybe you should just take me back?"

"Don't be silly. I'll get you an ID from my friend's house. She doesn't live too far away. And actually you two look alike. She's super cool, I think you guys will get along, too!" Kelly said.

"Sweet," Rachel said, even though she did feel a bit uncomfortable about the whole situation. She couldn't believe she was going to borrow a fake ID from a girl she didn't even know and about to go out in a strange city. It was all a bit overwhelming for her to take in. Had she known what the night would bring when she texted her friend she wouldn't have even bothered, but now she got herself into this whole mess, and she didn't know how to get out of it.

"Shit! I can't believe you're here, Rach! This is so rad," Kelly said, as she reached into her bag.

"Yeah, I can't believe it either," Rachel said, trying to maintain her enthusiasm.

"Wanna smoke?" Kelly asked, pulling out a joint from her bag.

Rachel didn't know what to do. She didn't want to seem like a loser in front of Kelly, especially since she hadn't seen her in so long, but she definitely didn't want to smoke. After everything that had happened to her already tonight, this was the last thing she wanted to deal with. She should have known that Kelly was a burn out, especially from her love of DMB. She should have seen this coming.

"Nah, I'm good," Rachel said, trying to brush it off.

"What do you mean nah?" Kelly asked. "You can't turn this down!"

"Yeah, you know I'm not feeling so well right now. I have a bit of a headache anyway," Rachel said, trying to convince her friend.

"Oh, come one! Have you even tried it?" Kelly asked.

Rachel didn't know how to answer this. On the one hand she wanted to sound cool and say yes, but on the other hand, she hadn't ever tried it and didn't want to lie. She was stuck between a rock and a hard place.

"Um, yeah, only a little thought. Didn't like it much thought," Rachel said.

"Didn't like it? Then you didn't give it a fair shot. This stuff is the bomb. You have to try it," Kelly said, passing her the joint.

"Yeah, you know what, I'm really ok. Thanks for the offer, but you enjoy. Maybe next time," Rachel said.

"Fine then!" Kelly said, "More for me!"

Rachel laughed and tried to play cool. She hated being in this situation, yet she felt she always managed to get herself roped into them. She couldn't wait for everyone to grow up around her and stop being so immature.

"So, what have you been up to?" Rachel asked, changing the subject again.

"Oh, ya know, the usual. We moved down here a few years ago and now I'm just chilling," Kelly said.

"What schools have you applied to?" Rachel asked.

"Yeah, I don't think I'm going to go to college. I kinda just want to get a job and start working. I need money," Kelly said. "How about you?"

"I need to get on that. I've been a little lax about the whole application process but I need to step up my game," Rachel said.

Thinking about college, she immediately thought of her sister, Sarah and missed her terribly. She hadn't spoken to her in ages.

"You know Sarah's at Syracuse, right?" Rachel asked.

"Yeah, I saw that on FB. I see all her pics!" Kelly answered.

"No way! I didn't realize you guys were friends," Rachel said.

"Yeah, we still keep in touch a bit," Kelly answered.

"Here we are!" Kelly said, as she pulled into a long stone driveway. The stones made a loud crunching noise under the car tires as they drove over them. It was so loud, she was surprised she didn't wake the neighbors.

"So, whose house is this?" Rachel asked.

"My girl, Kyra. You're gonna love her!" Kelly said.

"Sweet, how do you know her?" Rachel asked.

"We go to high school together. She was my first friend when I moved here."

"Cool!"

"Not to mention, you totally look like one of her older sisters. You so have to borrow her ID!"

"Yeah, ok," Rachel said, trying to sound excited.

As the car pulled up, Rachel got a huge pit in her stomach. She didn't like the sounds of what was going to happen tonight, and the thought of borrowing a strangers ID freaked her out. For one, she didn't look a day over 15, at least, she didn't think she did, and there was no way she was going to pass for someone in their mid to late twenties. She knew this was going to be an epic fail, and wanted to put a halt to it before it even began, but the thought of camping out on her grandmothers property was even less desirable, so she stuck it out.

"Hurry up!" Kelly yelled, as she stood at the front door waiting for Rachel to get out of the car.

"Coming!" Rachel said, trying to buy an extra minute before entering into this uncomfortable situation.

"Hey Y'all!" Trista said, as she opened the front door.

Rachel got out of the car and looked at the modest house that stood in front of her. It was small and made of red brick. It was non-descript but cute in its own way. She looked over at Kelly and Trista standing there waiting for her. She knew she had no choice but to go inside. This was either going to be a good night or a terrible night by the sounds of things, she just had to wait and find out.

CHAPTER EIGHT

Rachel walked into Trista's house with a smile on her face but inside she was dreading what was about to happen. She knew this night was going to be uncomfortable for her, but she had to make the best of it.

"Hi Rachel, nice to meet you!" Trista said, greeting her with a hug.

Trista was holding a red plastic cup and she reeked of booze. She reached into the bag that was over her shoulder and grabbed a beer and passed it to Rachel.

"Here!" Trista said.

Rachel didn't know what to do. She thought that was a bit abrupt of her to just hand her a beer the second they met.

"Um, no thanks," Rachel said.

"You're a goody, goody," Kelly said. "First you didn't want to get in on my joint, and now the beer. Who are you?"

"I'm just not feeling like it right now. Relax," Rachel said, trying to hold her ground.

"We'll get her wasted by the end of the night, Kel, don't worry!" Trista said.

Trista and Kelly laughed, and then looked back at Rachel who was standing there, looking back at the door, wishing she could make her big escape.

"HA!" Rachel said, joking if off. "Funny!"

"So, anyway," Trista said. "What are you girls gonna wear tonight? This club is supposed to be hot tonight!"

Kelly reached into her bag and pulled out a few different outfits. All Rachel could think about was how neon and hideously bright they were.

"OMG! I almost forgot it was neon night!" Trista said. "In that case, I need to reevaluate my look ASAP!"

"You forgot?" Kelly said.

"I assume you don't have you neon clothes with you?" Kelly said, looking over at Rachel.

"Um, nope! Didn't think I'd need those visiting Grandma!" Rachel joked and then laughed.

"It's OK," Kelly said. "You can borrow what I'm not wearing."

"Um, thanks, I guess," Rachel said.

She couldn't imaging putting one of those outfits on, let alone go out in public wearing them. This was going from bad to worse and she felt like she couldn't get a handle on things.

"BEIRUT TIME!" Trista said, pulling a ping pong ball out of her pocket.

"Yes! You in?" Kelly asked, looking over at Rachel.

"BAY What?" Rachel asked.

"Um, you're joking, right?" Trista said. "Who doesn't know what Beirut is?"

Trista looked at Kelly and then back at Rachel and let out a laugh.

"Where did you find this one?" Trista asked Kelly.

"Oh, come on T, be nice!"

Rachel had never felt this much pressure to drink and do drugs before and she didn't know how to handle it. Part of her wanted to cave in and just drink the beer, but the other part of her wanted to stay strong and resist. She hated feeling like this inside.

"We'll be right back, Rach," Trista and Kelly said, as they headed in towards the kitchen.

"You want anything to drink?" Kelly asked looking back.

"OJ is good for me right now. I'm parched from the trip!" Rachel said.

She stood there alone, surrounded by her bags and the hideous neon outfits. She waited and heard the girls laughing and giggling in the kitchen.

"Guys?" Rachel asked, hoping they would come out. She didn't know either of them that well, now that she'd come to think of it, and didn't want to barge in. So she waited and waited for them to return. As she stood there, all she could think about was her mom and dad. She wished that she'd never left and never found the letter in the first place. If she didn't than none of this would be happening. She didn't know what was worse, standing alone in Trista's house feeling like a complete loser and reject or not knowing where she came from and wanting to find her grandmother. She replayed the events of the last few days over and over in her head trying to distract herself from her current reality. How she wished Dana was here and her friends from Pennsylvania, they're used to her turning down drinks and drugs and don't pressure her anymore. They know it's a complete waste of time.

A few minutes later, the girls came back out stumbling and laughing hysterically.

"What's so funny?" Rachel asked.

The two could catch their breath to answer her and stood there bent over and shrieking at the top of their lungs. It couldn't have been more awkward for Rachel, but she let out a little laugh and then took the glass of OJ from Kelly.

"Thanks," Rachel said, taking a big gulp of juice.

As she stood there drinking her juice, she couldn't help but notice that the girls were looking at her funny. It was the look you give someone when they have something on their face or in their teeth when they're talking to you. Rachel couldn't figure it out, but figured they were high and drunk, so it didn't really matter anyway.

"Let's pic out our clothes!" Kelly said, excited.

"Rad!" Trista said, picking up some of Kelly's overflowing neon outfits and carrying them upstairs to her bedroom.

"So, tell me about this club?" Rachel said, taking another swig of OJ.

"It's the hottest club down here. People come from all over to go here," Kelly said, as Trista finished washing her face to put on her make up.

"YEAH!" Trista yelled out from the bathroom. "This club is sick. It won't disappoint!"

"Oh, I didn't think it would disappoint!" Rachel added, trying to sound cool.

"Once you get through the door the drinks flow like water in a stream and tonight it's ladies night and the first two drinks are free!" Kelly added.

"SWEET!" Trista yelled from inside the bathroom. "I totally forgot!"

"Isn't that awesome, Rach?" Kelly asked.

Rachel knew that she was feeling her out to see if she wanted to drink with them at the club. She knew that they were already disappointed that she wouldn't partake in the pregame festivities with them.

"Wow. Very cool!" Rachel said, trying to evade them.

"What's your favorite drink?" Trista asked, as she emerged from the bathroom.

"You know mine already! Sea breeze!" Kelly said, smiling from ear to ear.

"And yours?" Trista said, looking right at Rachel.

She didn't have a favorite drink, nor had she really tried alcohol before. She wouldn't even know the taste of it if it smacked her in the face. She had to think quick, because she couldn't confess that at this early hour. She thought back to her parents having cocktails at dinner when they would go out to a restaurant. Her dad would always order a scotch on the rocks and her mom would get a glass of Chardonnay , which she was almost sure was white wine. Otherwise, she wasn't familiar with the mixed drink family.

"Um..I like Chardonnay!" Rachel said, in a panic.

"WHAT?" Kelly said, "Chardonnay?"

"What you sit in a club and sip a glass of white wine?" Trista said, looking at her. "Seriously, what MIXED DRINK do you get?"

"Yeah, the hard stuff!" Kelly added.

"Oh right, well rum and Coke is good," Rachel said, remembering that from a movie she'd just watched.

"Ah, an all time fav!" Trista said, smiling back at her. "I knew you were joking about the wine. Wine is for wusses."

"Yeah, JK!" Rachel said, laughing it off.

"Try this on," Kelly said, throwing an outfit over to Rachel.

She couldn't believe how hideous it was, but she went into the bathroom to try it on anyway.

"More OJ?" Trista yelled out.

"Um, sure!" Rachel said, "Thanks."

She heard the girls giggle again and then leave the room. What were they doing, she thought to herself. They were acting so strange and stumbling around everywhere. She was surprised that Trista's parents didn't come in and yell at her. If this would've been her parent's she would have been in so much trouble.

Rachel looked in the mirror at this tight, somewhat slutty neon outfit and couldn't help but laugh at herself. She figured she'd better make the most of the night or else it was doomed to be a long, terrible night out.

"Guys! Wait for me!" Rachel yelled as she bolted out of the bathroom in her neon outfit. "Check me out!"

She ran downstairs into the kitchen as the girls were pouring her juice into a red plastic cup.

"Here ya go!" Trista said, handing her the cup.

"Wait, T, is Ashley home? We need to get her ID for Rachel. She doesn't have hers!" Kelly said.

"Yeah, totally!" Trista said. "She'll be cool with that!"

"ASH! WE NEED YOUR ID!" Trista shouted down through the basement door.

"She moved her room downstairs. Now, she basically lives in the basement. Rarely comes out to see us!" Trista said.

"Come and get it, T!" Ashley yelled up.

"Can't you just bring it up? We're trying to get ready and don't have much time!"

"NO!" Ashley yelled back. "If you want it, you have to come get it!"

Trista looked at Rachel and said, "It's for you, why don't you run down and grab it?"

"ME?" Rachel asked, looking down the dark basement steps. "I don't know where to go?"

"Oh don't be silly! This is not a mansion, you'll find your way!" Trista said, practically pushing Rachel down the steps.

"I wonder if she knows?" Rachel overheard Trista saying to Kelly as they shut the basement door behind her. Then, she heard Kelly laugh as they both headed back upstairs to finish getting ready.

Rachel felt incredibly uncomfortable and really felt like an outcast in this situation. She didn't know how she got roped into all this in the first place. She regretted ever turning on her cell phone. She wondered what they were talking about but then heard a noise coming from inside the two double doors. There was loud music playing and she could hear voices and moans coming through the door. She stood there for a moment, and waited to see if it was really what she thought she was hearing. The music got louder and louder and so did their screams. Rachel started fumbling around, making noise so that they would hear her downstairs. She walked over to the door and saw that it was open a crack. She could smell the marijuana smoke everywhere, it was almost making her high as she stood there, waiting for whatever was going on to end. This couldn't have been more awkward for her.

"UM, ASHLEY?" Rachel yelled, trying to sound nonchalant.

The music blared back at her and she was sure that Ashley couldn't hear her.

"ASHLEY!"

"WHAT? CAN'T YOU HEAR WE'RE BUSY IN HERE?" Ashley yelled out.

"Um, I'm sorry. Can I just grab the ID?

A minute went by and Ashley opened the door, looking quite disheveled. Her hair was all over the place and had a towel draped across her body.

"HERE!" Ashley said, throwing the ID at Rachel. "If you lose it, you owe me big time."

"I won't," Rachel said, taking the ID and running back upstairs to get out of the basement. She was feeling a little bit off and suspected it was from the inhalation of the marijuana smoke that filled the basement.

She ran upstairs and into Trista's room, holding the ID. She stood there and waited for the girls to notice she was standing there.

"Uh hum," Rachel said, clearing her throat.

The two girls turned and looked at her and then made a face at her.

"Did you smoke?" Kelly asked, walking towards her.

"Yeah, geeze, Rachel! You reek!" Trista said, spritzing her with perfume. "Try to make it a little less obvious next time!"

"Um, no. Do you have any idea what you sent me down to?" Rachel asked, looking at Trista.

"Yeah, to get the ID!" Trista said, looking innocent.

"Yeah, exactly. That and a little bit more!" Rachel said, rolling her eyes.

"Oh," Trista said. "What do you mean?"

"Uh, I think her boyfriend was over or something. I'm surprised you couldn't hear them from up here!" Rachel said, laughing.

Suddenly Rachel began to feel lightheaded and a bit dizzy. She walked over to Trista's bed and sat down. She noticed that Kelly and Trista were staring at her funny and she couldn't figure out why.

Then, all of a sudden, the room started spinning around her and despite her efforts she couldn't control it. She didn't know what was causing this. She put her head in her lap and covered her eyes.

"You alright?" Kelly said, letting out a little laugh.

"Everything OK?" Trista chimed in.

"Yeah, I think so, just a little dizzy, that's all," Rachel said, still looking down at the ground.

The two let out a laugh and then went over to Rachel.

"I've never felt like this before. It's like the world is spinning and I'm just a small soul floating around." Rachel said.

"What do you mean?" the girls let out a laugh.

"I feel like I'm on a rollercoaster," Rachel replied. She reached out and tried to grab her drink, almost tipping it over.

"You're drunk aren't you?" Kelly said, staring at her.

"Um, I don't think so?" Rachel answered. "Why would you say that?"

"YOU'VE BEEN SPIKED!" Trista said, laughing.

"HUH?" Rachel asked.

"YOU'VE BEEN SPIKED!" Kelly said again, holding up her cup of orange juice and pointing inside.

The two girls laughed and Rachel knew immediately what had happened.

CHAPTER NINE

Rob walked in through the automatic sliding doors of the hospital. The sterile smell of the hospital burned his nose and he inhaled deeply, trying to catch his breath from his quick walk over. The bright fluorescent lights made him squint as he continued walking towards the reception desk. He felt like everyone was looking at him funny as he entered. He didn't know if he was just feeling anxious, or if there was something wrong with him. He felt increasingly uncomfortable as person after person keep craning their necks around to look at him. Then, he smelled it. Burning skin. He couldn't understand what was happening.

"Quick! Help this man!" one of the nurses said, pointing towards Rob.

"No! I'm fine!" Rob said, shouting back at the nurse. "Don't touch me!"

The nurse created a stir in the waiting room, that no everyone was crowded around looking at Rob, sitting there on the floor, blowing at his skin.

He didn't know what to do next. He knew what was happening, but he couldn't understand how to make it stop. He looked up at the lights again, and then he felt his skin searing off. He quickly reached into his backpack and took out his sunglasses and his jacket. He covered up his skin and then put his sunglasses on, and everything stopped. His skin miraculously healed and his body was back to normal.

"What's going on here?" the nurse said. "Was that a trick? Are you a magician?"

Rob let out a laugh, hoping not to draw any more attention to himself.

"Um, yes! I am a magician!" Rob said, hoping to make everyone laugh at his misfortune.

The crowd let out a laugh of confusion and then started walking back to their seats.

"We don't have time for fakers," the nurse said.

"I'm sorry! I shouldn't have pulled this trick on you," Rob said, sounding apologetic.

"You are taking time away from patients that really need our help, Sir. I'm afraid you will have to leave now," the nurse replied.

"I'm here to do magic for the sick patients," Rob said, realizing that was a great way to get him into the hospital.

"See her!" the nurse said, pointing to the receptionist. "She will take you back."

"Sir, what is your name?" the receptionist said, looking at her appointment book.

"Magic Rob!" Rob said, spitting off his name.

"Hmm..Magic Rob?" the receptionist said, looking through the pages of her book over and over, mumbling his name.

"You might have me under another name?" Rob said, hoping she would get distracted and let him through.

"What might that be?" she said, running her pointer down the page.

"Um.." Rob couldn't come up with another name.

"Wait, is this you? Robert Mettiker?" she asked.

"YES!" Rob said, praying the real Robert Mettiker wasn't close by.

"I wonder why they didn't put you under Magic Rob?" she asked. "Well, either way, you're here so let me make you a name badge. You will have to wear this throughout the hospital so everyone knows who you are."

"Ok, I will do that," Rob answered.

"You've been here before right?" she asked.

"Yes! Many times!" Rob said, hoping she wouldn't catch on to his lie.

"So you know where to go?" she asked, looking at him with serious eyes.

"Yes, absolutely!" Rob said confidently.

"Then, off you go! Make the people smile!" she said. "Don't scare them like you did the nurse though. That wouldn't be good!"

Rob let out a little laugh and said, "I promise!" and then walked away, towards the inpatient wing.

He didn't know exactly where Rachel's mother would be, but he figured he was heading in the right direction.

He kept his sunglasses on as he walked under the bright lights in the hallways. He didn't want to take a change with singing his skin again and causing another commotion. He couldn't believe that he covered it up the first time, but thankfully, he got himself out of that mess.

He passed room after room, but did not see Rachel's mom's name anywhere. He felt like he was walking around in circles with no end in sight. His skin felt hot under his coat and he knew he didn't have much time before he had to get out of the hospital. He knew he wasn't safe here and it was only a matter of moments before security would pick up the fact that he was an intruder.

He quickened his step and

CHAPTER TEN

The horn beeped loudly outside of Trista's house causing Rachel to jump. She dreaded this moment. She didn't want anything else to happen to her tonight and she already felt woozy having had her drink spiked. She closed her eyes for a minute and imagined she were home, at her house in Pennsylvania, in her bedroom alone about to go to sleep. This thought relaxed her despite the fact that her head was starting to spin. Am I drunk? She thought to herself. She couldn't make out the feelings that were going through her body.

BEEP BEEP.

"Grab your stuff, Rachel! We can't keep them waiting!" Trista yelled.

"C'mon, Kelly, you can finish your make up in the car. You look fine anyway," Trista added.

"AH!" Kelly yelled. "I'm so not ready yet. I thought you said they were coming at ten?"

"I don't know. Does it really matter now? They're here. We have to go!" Trista hollered.

Rachel grabbed her bags and started down the steps. She could barely see straight, but knew she had to keep going. She clutched the railing as she headed down the steps.

"AHHH!!!" Rachel yelled as she tripped down the steps.

"OMG! Are you ok?" Kelly yelled.

"AH!" Trista screeched, as she came running down to the bottom of the steps.

Rachel lay there, staring up at the ceiling with a blank stare on her face.

"I think she's hurt?" Kelly said, looking at Trista. "I knew it was a bad idea to spike her drink."

"Oh c'mon. She'll be fine. It was only a little fall," Trista said.

"A little fall, that was a huge spill!" Kelly said.

A moment later, Rachel jumped up and started hysterically laughing.

She saw both the girls looking at her in disbelief.

"What was that all about?" Kelly asked.

"Are you ok?" Trista asked.

"OK? ME? ARE YOU KIDDING! I'M GREAT!" Rachel shouted, grabbing all her bags again.

"Um, what is that?" Kelly said, pointing to an oozing blue liquid coming out of Rachel's knee.

Rachel looked down and couldn't believe her eyes. What was happening to her?

"AH! Hurry, get a towel," Trista said, "Clean that up!"

Rachel quickly ran to the bathroom and started washing her knee under the faucet. She didn't know why her blood was blue or what she was going to say to the girls.

Then, in her drunken stupor, she remembered a distant memory. She couldn't quite make it out but remembered someone telling her once that she would never be the same again. She remembered being told to be careful of injury because your first could be your last. If you bleed a lot, you could die.

A panic set in, and suddenly Rachel felt sober. She had completely snapped out of her drunken state and now felt like nothing had happened. She had to stop this bleeding, but nothing was happening. She didn't want to die, she couldn't let one slip end her life.

"Can I have a band aid?" Rachel yelled out of the bathroom.

"Sure!" Trista said, running towards her with the box.

Rachel grabbed the box of Band-Aids and opened each one, making a cast out of them around her leg. The tightness seemed to be helping with the bleeding, and she knew she'd be in the clear now. She just had to keep an eye on it.

Rachel walked out of the bathroom as if nothing had happened, hoping the girls wouldn't ask her about the blue ooze.

"What was that about?" Kelly asked.

"Oh, yeah, must have been the ointment I put on my knee earlier. Makes everything blue!" Rachel said, hoping they'd believe her story.

"How weird! Trista said, looking at Kelly.

"Yeah! Weirdo!" Kelly chimed in.

"I know, super weird!" Rachel said, letting out a laugh.

BEEP BEEP

The horn beeped again at the perfect time and distracted the girls from asking her anything else about the blue incident. Thankfully, now, the guys were here to pick them up.

"INFINITY! INFINITY! INFINITY!" the guys were chanting from the car.

Rachel got a pit in her stomach thinking about going to the club and desperately wanted to go home. A wave of home sickness hit her like a brick, but she knew she couldn't leave now. She had to stick this out so she could eventually get to her grandmother's house to get to the bottom of everything.

"LET'S PARTAYYYY!" Kelly and Trista started yelling back.

Rachel followed them into the old pickup truck and hopped into the flat bed behind them. She knew this wasn't safe, but what was she going to do now? She couldn't turn back. She sat squished on the hard metal, dirty flatbed with her bags on top of her. The guy driving screeched out of the driveway causing her to fall to the side and hit her head on the side of the flatbed. She was ok, but definitely a little shaken by the whole thing.

A few minutes later they pull up to the center of town. She was surprised how bustling it was, and never expected a sleepy southern town to be like this. It reminded her of scenes of MTV's The Real World, A show her older sister would watch all the time.

The car comes to a halt and everyone jumps out in front of the club.

"You got the ID right?" Trista asked.

"Yes," Rachel answered, holding it up in front of her.

"OK good," Trista said. "Don't forget to give it to me before we leave, ok?"

"Sure," Rachel said, wishing that she could just give it back to her now and go back home.

She looked around at all the kids standing in front of the club in a long line behind red velvet ropes. She couldn't understand why they would want to wait on this line waiting to be picked by some loser overweight bouncer. What was so special about this place, she thought to herself? A big sign that read INFINITY spanned the front of the building and was lit up in white strobe lights that made her squint while looking at it.

"WOOP WOOP WOOP!" A loud voice shouted from outside the club.

"SOLDIER!" Kelly shouted back. "WASSUP?"

"HOW ARE YOU GIRL?" he said, running out to give her a hug and a high five.

"I'm good!" Kelly said, smiling back. "Brought my crew tonight!"

"I see that!" Soldier replied. "Come right in!"

Soldier ushered Kelly, Rachel, Trista and all the guys inside the club and to the back room with a dance floor and private tables. Rachel couldn't believe that after all the talk of the fake ID she didn't even need it after all. She felt relieved because she knew how awkward it would have been if she was the only one who didn't get into the club.

"You guys buying a table?" he asked Kelly.

"Yeah!" Kelly said, turning to her friends for approval.

"You guys in for a table?" Kelly asked.

Everyone shook their heads. Rachel didn't know exactly what was going on but followed suit anyway shaking her head yes.

They all sat down on the sleek black alligator leather sofas surrounding the table and put their bags down.

"What can we get you guys?" a waitress asked wearing a skimpy leotard, fishnets and tall platform shoes.

"Tequila and Vodka?" Kelly asked, looking around at everyone.

"YEAH BABY!" one of the guys shouted.

"Someone's looking for a crazy night!" another chimed in.

"So T and V?" the waitress said, writing the order down on her notepad.

Rachel sat there, looking around at the throngs of drunk people dancing on the dance floor. She'd never been to a nightclub before and had never ordered a bottle of tequila or vodka before either. She'd never been more out of her element than she was at this moment.

Feeling unsure of the situation, Rachel got up from the leather couch and walked away towards the bar to get a glass of water. She still had a bit of a fuzzy feeling inside her from the alcohol and she wanted to rid herself of it. She sat down on a high bar stool with her heeled feet dangling down its sides.

"What can I get you pretty lady?" the bartender asked in a smooth voice.

"Oh, me?" Rachel asked, looking surprised. Nobody had ever called her that before.

"Who else would I be speaking to?" the bartender winked. "So, what will it be?"

"Just a water for me," Rachel answered.

"Water?" the bartender looked in horror.

"Yup!" Rachel said, trying not to feel embarrassed. It was clear that nobody else at Infinity would ever dare order a glass of water.

The bartender walked away with an annoyed look on his face and came back and slammed a small glass of water down on the bar, and in doing so, some of it splashed out of the glass and hit her on the face.

Trying to play it cool, she picked up the glass of water and started sipping it. She didn't let on that she was splashed in the face.

"Thanks," she said to the bartender, who had already turned around to help the next pretty girl.

She felt a tap on her shoulder and then a hand touching hers.

"Well, hello," a guy said.

She turned to see a tall, handsome guy with short brown hair standing next to her smiling at her. He was wearing a blue and white striped button down shirt open at the top by a few buttons and he wore a silver necklace with a cross on it. She couldn't help but think how handsome thing guy was as she looked up at him into his light blue eyes.

"Hi," Rachel replied back loudly, trying to speak over the loud music that was blaring in the background.

"What's your name? I haven't seen you around here before," he asked.

"I'm Rachel," she said, gazing into his eyes. "I'm just visiting."

"I know you're not from around here. I would have definitely seen you before," the guy said. "So, what's your name?"

"I'm Rachel," she said, batting her eyelashes.

She couldn't believe how attracted she was to this stranger that she'd just met. The sight of him sent shivers down her spine.

"I'm Ken," he said, still gazing into her eyes as if they'd been soul mates in a previous lifetime.

"So what brings you down this way?" Ken asked. "And can I buy you a drink?"

"I'm actually visiting family down here," she answered. "I'm ok with.."

"Make it two," Ken said to the bartender before she could finish her sentence.

"Sure," she said, changing her tune. "I'll have whatever you're having."

"Well that's good, because I just ordered you one. It's a sex on the beach!" Ken added.

"Ok," Rachel said, unsure about what exactly that was.

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll love it!" Ken said, trying to reassure her.

A minute later the bartender put the drinks down on the bar and walked away.

"Cheers!" Ken said, holding his drink up in the air.

Rachel grabbed her glass and held it up cautiously, not wanting it to drip down the sides.

"Cheers," she said, clinking her glass to his.

She took a small sip of the drink and braced herself for the worst but was pleasantly surprised that it tasted like sour pineapple. She actually liked it. She took a bigger sip and before she knew it the drink was empty.

"Looks like that was a hit!" Ken said, pointing to her empty glass.

Rachel let out a laugh and said, "Yup!"

"So want to dance?" Ken asked.

"Sure," Rachel said, awkwardly knowing that she'd surely make a complete fool out of herself.

As the two headed onto the dance floor the music grew louder and louder. She could hardly hear herself think over the thumping of the base. She could see Ken saying something to her but she had no idea what it was. Then, her world started to move in slow motion. The flash of the strobe lights were shining on the faces of the people dancing near her. She took another look at Ken and suddenly, he looked completely different. It was as if she'd been talking to someone she'd known her whole life and now, she didn't know who he was. She took a step back and looked at him inquisitively, but she still couldn't understand what was happening. She looked towards her friends but couldn't find them, her palms began to feel sweaty as she started to have flashbacks. She couldn't quite make out what she was seeing, but she knew something was happening. Then, she saw the silhouette of a person she'd seen before. It was a man, with long hair dirty blonde hair, and unshaven face and the brightest blue eyes she'd ever seen. She smiled longingly at him and his pearly white teeth sparkling as he smiled back. She was amazed at how beautiful this person was and she couldn't help herself but to reach out and touch him. As she extended her arm towards his pale skin, he disappeared into thin air.

Rachel's face dropped as she put her arm down at her side and started looking around to find him again.

"What's wrong?" Ken asked, yelling over the music.

"Nothing. I have to go," Rachel said, walking away.

She felt Ken grab her arm as she started to walk away, but she pulled it out of his hand.

"I'm sorry. This was all a mistake. I have to find my friends and get out of here," Rachel said.

"Your friends left a long time ago," Ken said.

"No they didn't!" Rachel answered.

"They did, they left with my friends," Ken confirmed.

"Where did they go?" Rachel asked, feeling nervous and scared now that she was left all alone with this stranger.

"I don't know why they would leave me behind. I don't believe you," Rachel said, getting angry.

"I told them I'd bring you home safely," Ken said in a creepy voice.

Rachel didn't like the sounds of what Ken was saying and could tell with each word he wasn't the cute, nice guy she thought he was. He was creepy and she couldn't tell he was up to no good. She knew he had ulterior motives and didn't have her best interest at heart.

Rachel looked at her watch and couldn't believe the time. It was almost 3 in the morning. She had no idea how it got to be so late. The music shut off and the dance floor cleared off. She was left standing there, alone with Ken.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHH"

Rachel heard a loud scream coming from inside the club. It sounded like a girl was in pain or hurt. She had to go see where it was coming from.

"Where are you going?" Ken yelled as he chased her down the hallway towards the scream.

"I have to find out what happened," Rachel yelled over her shoulder.

"I'll come with you!" Ken said, trying to catch up with her.

"No! Please just leave me alone!" Rachel yelled back.

"I can't leave you!" Ken said.

"Go away!" Rachel retorted.

Rachel turned around and looked at Ken feeling a surge of anger towards him. She couldn't understand why he was glued to her side and why he wouldn't just obey her wishes and leave. She knew something was seriously wrong with this guy and that she was going to have a hard time getting away from him. It was almost as if he had planned their meeting tonight and knew what was happening. Suddenly she felt a surge of hunger, stronger than she'd ever felt before. She didn't know what was happening, but she couldn't stop herself either. She started running away from him towards the screams that were getting louder and louder from inside the men's bathroom. She ran towards the door which was jammed closed with all her might and kicked it open with her foot sending one of the guys flying towards the back wall of the bathroom, hitting his back and head into the urinal.

She couldn't believe what was happening. It was Kelly, clearly out of it and drugged. Her feet and hands tied together with a rope and three men were standing around her about to attack her. She blinked a few times to make sure this was real, and it was. She had to stop them.

"Ken! Bro! We've been waiting for you," one guy said.

"What happened?" another said, pointing towards Rachel.

"I thought you were going to get here, too?" the third said.

"Guys! I tried! She wouldn't let me," Ken said, looking at Rachel.

Rachel couldn't believe what she was hearing. It was a whole scheme to get her drugged as well. Now she was pissed and angry and ready to fight.

"Kelly! Kelly! Are you ok?" Rachel started yelling.

Kelly didn't respond and Rachel could tell she was in big trouble. Her eyes were starting to roll back in her head and her eyelids were shutting. She hoped she wasn't too late and that there was still time to save her.

"Kelly! Don't worry!" Rachel yelled.

"Not so fast, pretty lady!" one guy yelled back at her grabbing her from behind.

"Where do you think you're going?" he asked.

"Let go of me!" Rachel shrieked.

"Grab her!" the guy yelled to his friends.

"Hold her back!" Ken said. "She's feisty!"

"Get off of me!" Rachel yelled. "Somebody help!"

Rachel tried to shake them off of her, but couldn't. She was outnumbered and trapped in the bathroom.

"Hurry, get the door!" one guy yelled.

Rachel watched as Ken ran towards the door, and just as he was slamming it shut Trista arrived in the doorway yelling and screaming, too. Rachel couldn't believe it. The three of them had been targeted and now, Trista was there, about to get attacked as well.

"Bring her in, quick!" a guy yelled. "Lock the door!"

"We've got them all!" the guy said, letting out a deep laugh. "I knew we could do it."

Rachel saw one guy reach into his backpack and pull out a knife and some more rope. He sliced off a long piece of rope and threw it at the guy who was holding her at the waste.

"Tie her up!" he yelled. "Fast!"

"Trista, are you ok?" Rachel asked.

"Save yourself! Quick!" Trista said, with a yell. "These guys are insane!"

"I'll save you, too!" Rachel said.

"Not so fast!" Ken said. "You're our now!"

Rachel felt a surge of power go through her body and she pushed the guy off of him sending him flying into the bathroom stall.

"Watch out for her! She's strong!" Ken said.

"How dare you!" Rachel said, staring at Ken. "I can't believe you tried to fool me!"

"I got you good!" Ken said, smiling at her with a scary look on his face.

"That's what you think," Rachel said, launching herself at him.

Rachel grabbed him by his hair and pushed his head back towards the tile wall of the bathroom. Ken was screaming for help but there was nothing he could do now. She forcefully started banging his head on the wall until he had no strength to fight back. She let him so and he sunk down to the ground limp and lifeless.

The other guys looked at her and started to back away. She wasn't going to let the others get away either. She ran towards them with her arms extended giving them each a karate chop as she passed them. They each tried to fight her back but they failed. One came running at her with his feet extended to kick her, but she grabbed his leg and flipped him over backwards sending him face first into the hard tile floor. She noticed he was trying to stand up, and she jumped on his back, keeping him down on the ground.

Then, the third and final guy came charging at her and she took her hands with her sharp nails extended and scratched him across the face, with flood flying over the entire bathroom. She then took her other hand and pierced his heart with her outstretched nail. Pulling his organs from his chest and throwing them on the floor. She then, looked over at Trista who was watching in utter disbelief and horror.

Rachel then, licked the blood off her hands, tasting its creamy warm deliciousness and then without a second thought, cut open the ropes that Kelly and Trista were tied up with freeing them.

"Good luck!" Rachel said, to Trista as she walked out of the bathroom, leaving a huge mess of blood and gore behind her.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Sarah sat on the edge of her bunk bed watching all her friends get ready for the big frat party. She'd been so excited for this night for so long, but now that it was here, she wasn't feeling quite like herself. She wasn't sick, but she didn't feel like usual, and she couldn't pin point what was wrong. She'd been to the infirmary every day this week, but they couldn't find anything wrong with her.

"You OK?" Jenny, asked.

"Eh," Sarah said. "I've been better."

"What is it?" Jenny asked. "I don't understand. You've been acting so weird since last weekend."

"I wish I knew. I just don't feel like myself," Sarah answered.

"I can tell!" Jenn said and her other friends agreed with her.

Sarah couldn't help but feel completely weird and awkward around her friends. It was as if suddenly she had nothing in common with them. She once cared about all the same things like boys, shoes, clothes, make up and accessories, but now when her friends would talk about them, she would get nauseated.

"C'mon, Sarah. Aren't you going to get dressed?" Maya asked.

"I don't' know," Sarah answered with ambiguity. "I'm not really in the mood to go anymore. I think I'm going to stay here."

"You're joking!" Maya said. "You have to come!"

"I don't know. I really don't think I can tonight."

"You've been looking forward to this night for months! You can't just ditch us," Jenny chimed in.

The thought of going to a smelly, sweaty, disgusting fraternity basement made her stomach churn. It was the last thing she wanted to do. She also felt no desire to drink, either, which was weird for her. She loved drinking at college. Especially pre-gaming for the frat parties. She lived for it.

Suddenly, she felt like she couldn't breathe. She felt dizzy and her head started spinning.

"I have to get some air," she said, trying to catch her breath.

"Are you ok? Jenny said. "You don't look well."

"Yeah, I'm fine. I just have to go outside for a minute."

"Want me to come?" Jenny asked.

"No, I'm fine. I'm need to be alone for a little bit."

"OKKKKAY." Jenny said. "Text if you need me."

"K," Sarah replied.

Sarah walked out the front door to her dormitory and walked along side until she got to the back of the dorm. There were picnic tables and chairs set up back there and she knew she'd be able to relax and get some peace and quiet. The darkness of the night sky seemed to calm her nerves and the quiet buzzing of the night insects eased her confused mind. She closed her eyes, and for a moment she felt like she was back at home in Pennsylvania in her family's house. She couldn't help but wish she could go back there, back to a time of no worries.

She opened her eyes and looked down at her shaking hands. She couldn't understand why they were shaking and why her nails were suddenly growing at a rapid pace out of her nail beds. The small blonde hairs on her arm were standing straight up and goose bumps appeared all over her body. She began to shiver as a cold breeze swept over her.

Her stomach started churning and she felt a wave of hunger overtake her. It was a powerful hunger like she'd never experienced before. It wasn't the late night pizza craving type of hunger or the early morning Lucky Charms hunger either. This was something different and she couldn't pin point what she was craving.

Swat

Sarah leaned down and killed a mosquito that had landed on her leg. She couldn't believe how fast her reflexes worked as that mosquito must have only sat on her leg for a nanosecond. As she went to flick the dead mosquito from her hand she smelled a whiff of the blood that was oozing out of its lifeless body. Her eyes opened wide as if this were Thanksgiving dinner and she brought the mosquito closer to her nose. She took another whiff and suddenly realized what she'd been craving all night.

Blood.

Before she could even reason with herself or think about what she was about to do she extended her long pointy tongue and lapped up the mosquito sucking out the drops of blood that remained in its body. The taste was like heaven to her yet she couldn't understand why she was doing this. She'd never eaten bugs before or anything bloody. Blood and guts had always creeped her out yet now she was finding herself wanting more. This mosquito only wetted her appetite for what she was craving.

Feeling weird about what had just happened, Sarah stood up and started pacing back and forth trying to make sense of everything. She had no idea what was happening to her or why it was happening to her. All she could do was replay the events of the past day over and over in her head. None of it was making sense.

Then, a loud noise came from behind her. She quickly turned to see a broken beer bottle smashed at her feet.

"You ok?" a voice came yelling.

"She's fine!" another voice yelled.

"Uh, yes," Sarah said, looking down at the shards of glass that just missed her feet and legs.

As she stood there waiting to see who had done that. She heard the voices grow louder and louder. In the distance she saw a pack of five guys in football jerseys walking towards her with beer bottles in their hands yelling and chanting.

"Who won the game?"

"We did!"

"Who's going to win states?"

"We are!"

The team members kept chanting as they approached Sarah.

"Hi," one guy said as they reached her.

"Hi?" Sarah said, with a questioning voice.

"Did we hit you with that glass?" he asked.

"Nope. Just missed me though. You should watch out next time."

"Relax woman! Why you go to be so hostile?" another guy asked in a macho voice.

"Yeah, why you such a freak anyway?" another guy said. "Just chillax. A bottle aint' gonna kill ya."

"Um, excuse me. I'm not sure why you're talking to me like this?" Sarah said, trying to hold her ground after being attacked.

"This girl is psycho!" another guy said.

"I didn't do anything. You're the one that threw a bottle at me for no reason," Sarah said. "Just leave me alone."

"We aint goin' nowhere," another guy said. "The only way you're gonna get rid of us is to kill us and I know you aint' gonna do that!"

Sarah let out a little laugh and then thought about it for a minute. She began to worry that these guys might be up to no good and could possible rape or kill her. After all, she was alone in the back of her dormitory in a dark secluded spot on campus. If they did attack her nobody would even hear her.

"AHHH. SHIT!" one of the guys said. "MY F-ING FOOT!"

Rachel looked down and saw that he'd stepped on the glass that he threw at her and now he was holding his foot jumping up and down in pain.

"Serves you right!" Sarah said, with a sneer.

"What did you say woman?" the guy asked.

"SERVES YOU RIGHT!" she answered with no fear.

Then, she saw it. A red stream of blood started oozing out of his foot and onto his hands and finally dripping into a pool of blood on the ground.

"Look what you did you moron," the guy said to his friend. "Now I'm not going to be able to play tomorrow."

The smell of the blood was dominating her senses and it was all she could think about. It took everything she had not to start licking the pools of blood up off the ground. She couldn't focus or concentrate on anything except the blood and knew she had to have it.

Inside her mouth she felt fangs begin to grow out of her gums and she felt her tongue begin to extend again out of her mouth. He eyes grew big and bright and illuminated the night sky.

"What's happening to this girl?" one guy said, as he watched her morph into this other being.

Her eyes turned yellow as she focused in on the guys foot. Her hands began to shake and her talons extended out of her fingers. She felt something happening on her back and placed her hands back there as two giant wings extended and began flapping uncontrollably.

"What the hell is happening!" one guy asked.

"I have no idea!" another said. "Hurry! We have to get out of here!"

Suddenly the four guys started backing up, still staring at Sarah who was changing quickly into a vampire. They couldn't seem to take their eyes off of her but knew they had to run away.

"Guys! I can't move. My foot is paralyzed. I think I cut the nerve," the guy said, whose foot was now bleeding uncontrollably.

She zeroed in and before she knew it she had snatched the guy up in her arms and started flying with him into the air above the other four guys.

"What are you doing? Give him back!" the guys started yelling up at her.

She couldn't answer because all she was focused on doing was sucking his blood. She first started by hanging him upside down by his feet as he screamed for his survival.

"Please don't. Please. I'll do anything," the guy said as Sarah started licking the blood of his feet and legs.

A second later, she flipped him right side up as they hovered in the sky and started sucking his fingers that were full of blood. Then, she chomped down on one of his fingers and with her giant fangs, bit it off of his hand and started chewing it.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" the guy cried. "She ate my finger. SHIT!"

The blood started pulsing out of his finger and she continued to bite off all ten of his fingers sucking the blood from each and discarding the bones.

"HOLY HELL!" the guys yelled down from below.

Sarah started to feel rocks hitting her body and looked down distracted from her first feed. She saw the four guys throwing rocks and sticks up at her to get her to stop.

"You're next!" she yelled down. Then, she opened her hand and cast down a large net that trapped the guys below her.

"What are you doing? They yelled. "Where did you get that net?"

"Don't ask question now. Even if you had the answers they wouldn't be useful once you are dead," Sarah said with a cackle.

She saw one guy take out his cell phone and begin to dial. She pointed her finger down at him and struck him with a lightning bolt. The phone jumped out of his hand and shattered into a thousand pieces.

"This is it!" another guy said.

"We're doomed!"

"We should have never come back here."

Sarah feasted on the first guys blood as they continued soaring above the dormitory and then she felt his body convulse in her arms. She knew he had just died and that his soul was on its way out of his body. She knew there was nothing left in him and so she landed back down on the ground next to the other guys who were trapped in the net.

She laid down the lifeless body and said, "Whose next?

"Not me! Not me!" they each yelled. "Take him!"

Sarah grabbed the top of the net and began lifting it up into the air with the four guys inside kicking and screaming for their lives.

"Please let us go!" Please!"

"You think I'm going to let you go after the way you treated me?" Sarah said.

"I don't know. Please. We won't do it again. We will do anything. Please don't do that to us. Please!"

"You're finished!" Sarah said as she reached into the net with her sharp claws and grabbed of the guys out. She looked him in the eyes with her beady red eyes and put him under her spell. Suddenly his eyes started moving in circles in his head and his body started shaking and convulsing. She leaned down towards his throat and sunk her long fangs into his neck. She sucked out all of his blood and then threw his body down on the ground next to the other guy. She reached in and grabbed another guy and did the same thing as the remaining two sat their crying and shaking in their boots.

"What did we do to deserve this?" they yelled. "C'mon. Haven't you done enough damage?"

Then, the net snapped and the two guys fell from the sky onto the ground. They were still alive once they fell and Sarah could see them trying to limp away from the scene.

"Not so fast!" she yelled from above. "Don't try to run from me now!"

She swooped down and with both of her hands grabbed the two guys and with epic strength started to fly back up into the air with them. She felt one of the guys start to squirm and wiggle a lot and use all his remaining strength to try and break free of her death grip. She started to feel her grip relinquish a little bit as he started swatting at her face and eyes. She could feel him punching her eyes and it was making it harder and harder for her to see clearly. She knew she had no choice but to drop him. As he fell to the ground, she tried to regain focus of her eyes, but couldn't see that far. She felt the other guy begin to do the same thing and she knew she had to kill him. She couldn't let them both get away. She threw him high up into the air and on his way down she clawed at him with her sharp claws and scratched him to death. His body hit the ground with a thud as she followed sucking out the thick red blood drop by drop until there was nothing left inside of him but his lifeless organs.

She looked around to see if the other guy was still in sight but he was gone. She knew she had to find him and kill him. She couldn't let him get away now. Not after what he'd seen.

CHAPTER TWELVE

Hunter had been searching for endless days for the Waverly Mirror and he was beginning to feel that they were running out of luck and time. He thought bringing Penelope and Matilda along with him would help him find it, but it was turning out that none of them had any clue as to where it was hidden. After searching through old castles, the hottest of desserts, and deep in the ocean he was at a loss.

He wished he knew who to call or who he knew that might be able to point them in the direction of the Waverly Mirror. As night fell, he looked up at the moon and knew by its size that the new moon was coming in only a matter of days. He could see the stars taking form as they were about to align and give the Greslin Coven the opportunity to perform the Varithian Ritual to gain control of the entire universe. He knew it was only a matter of days until they'd all be exterminated by Violet. He could feel his days coming to an end and knew that if he didn't come up with a way to find the Waverly Mirror it was over for the entire Vladdicus Coven.

He felt immense pressure as visions of Violet performing the Varithian Ritual flashed over and over in his head. He could picture her holding the sapphire and diamond Varithian Bracelet up and cackling in her nasty witch-like voice. It was a vision he never wanted to see and certainly a vision he didn't want executed in real life.

Then, Hunter felt the ground begin to shake as if an earthquake was rumbling under his feet.

"Guys, what's happening?" Hunter asked, turning to Penelope and Matilda.

"I don't know!" the girls shrieked.

"Hurry, let's get to safety," Hunter said, as he pulled the girls into a hut on the side of the ocean.

Then it began to pour as they huddled down in the thatched roof hut, praying that they'd be safe. As the crouched down holding onto each other's hands they began to chant the old ancient Vladdicus hymn.

"The world is one. It's core is ours. Rise up, oh ether, and envelope us all."

"The world is one. It's core is ours. Rise up, oh ether, and envelope us all."

"The world is one. It's core is ours. Rise up, oh ether, and envelope us all."

Their voices grew increasingly louder as they continued to chant. Hunter could feel his body completely enraptured by this ancient hymn and his mind flooded with new ideas of how to find the Waverly Mirror. It was as if the skies opened up and down came the answers he'd always been looking for.

Suddenly, the ground stopped shaking, and the three ended their chanting and looked at each other surprised.

"Wow! It worked!" Matilda said.

"I can't believe it!" Penelope added.

"We haven't said that chant in hundreds of years. It's a wonder we remembered it at all," Hunter added.

"These things don't just escape us," Matilda said. "That's what Uncle Bennington always told us."

"Uncle Bennington! Wait? Why did you all of a sudden think of him?" Hunter asked.

"I don't know. It just came to me. Must have been the chanting?" she replied.

"It's a strange coincidence, because during the chanting, I couldn't stop thinking of him either!" Hunter remarked.

"Really?" Penelope said. "Does he have long black hair and a curly mustache?"

"YES!" Matilda said. "Have you met him?"

"NO! Never!" Penelope said. "But while we were chanting a person who looked like that kept flashing across my mind. It must have been your Uncle Bennington."

"This is a sign. We have to contact him," Hunter said.

"Why would we do that?" Matilda said.

"Are you joking? You don't see what's happening here?" Hunter said.

"Not really," Matilda said. "He's a boring middle aged man. Why would we want to call him?"

"He may be boring, but he is also a wealth of knowledge. He might have the answers we need to find the mirror. We can't rule him out. Especially since he all came to us during the chant," Hunter continued. "And, we didn't get hurt in the earthquake. In fact, nothing happened at all. Do you think this was all a coincidence? I think NOT!"

"I wouldn't even know where to find Uncle Bennington?" Matilda said.

"I have his number in my cell phone. I hope he still lives at the same house, otherwise we are out of luck," Hunter said, suddenly feeling nervous.

He reached into his old brown leather back pack and pulled out his cell phone. He noticed it was flashing and then saw the battery was just about dead. He knew he had to make this call quickly and knew that even if he reached his uncle, he may get disconnected. He looked around for an outlet, but knew he was out of luck. There were no outlets anywhere near them and there were certainly no outlets in the thatched roof hut they had just come out of. It was just the three of them on this desolate island, with only the light from the moon to light their way.

He quickly dialed Uncle Bennington and waited silently while the phone connected and began to ring.

RING, RING, RING, RING....

This was a bad sign. The phone kept ringing and ringing and the beeping reminder of the low batter kept chiming in his ears.

BEEP BEEP BEEP...

The phone continued to ring and beep intermittently but Hunter knew this was a bad sign. Then, as if by a small miracle a voice came on the other end of the line.

"Hello?"

"Uncle Bennington? Is that you?" Hunter asked, quickly.

"Yes! Who do I have the pleasure of speaking with?" he asked.

"It's me, Hunter."

"Hunter! How are you? How is the family?"

"I don't have time for small talk now, Uncle. I need your help. We're desperate and I'm low on battery on my phone. I'm off the coast of Africa looking for the Waverly Mirror. We are running out of time," Hunter tried to explain quickly.

"Ah! Yes! The Waverly Mirror. Why didn't you say so in the first place. I know exactly where it is. Or at least where it was the last time it was used."

"WHERE?" Hunter yelled enthusiastically.

"LA PALMA!" Uncle Bennington yelled back.

"Quick, my phone is dying!"

"Off the coast, it's in the submarine volcano. If you travel by boat, it's coordinates are..."

The phone died and Hunter pulled it from his ear in shock, looking at its dark black screen.

"DAMN IT!" Hunter said, throwing his phone on the ground, shattering it into pieces.

"What did he say? Matilda asked.

"I know where it is, but not exactly. He was just about to tell me its coordinates by boat, but my phone died. I can't believe this."

"Don't worry, Hunter," Penelope said, rubbing his back lovingly. "We will find it. I have faith in you."

"Thanks, Darling," Hunter said. "I know, it just may take us longer now and time is the one thing we don't have on our side."

"Enough of this sappy lovey dovey stuff," Matilda said. "We have to find this volcano!"

The three of them began walking towards the shore of the island, looking for a boat or any sign of life on the island. They knew they had to find a boat before venturing out to find this volcano under water. It was their only hope of finding the mirror and saving the world.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Benji swooped down onto the Syracuse University campus looking for Sarah. He knew she was Rachel's confidant and best friend, and knew that she would know where to find her sister. As he approached her dormitory, he noticed that there was a card reader to the left of the door and he couldn't get in without it. It was late at night, and the campus was dark. He didn't see anyone for miles, and the last thing he needed now was to have to wait all night to get into her dorm. He stood there, banging on the door, but nobody answered.

He started walking around to the side of the dorm and looked to see if there were any lights on in any of the rooms. All he needed was one person to let him in the building. As he looked up he saw the light on the top corner of the building was on. He couldn't tell if it was a hall light or a bathroom light, but he walked towards the back of the dorm to see what it was. As he turned the corner, he couldn't believe his eyes. There were four dead bodied lined up like dominos next to each other. Benji walked over to them to see what had happened and then he noticed it.

The mark of the Greslin's.

He could tell the specific fang mark left on the necks of each of their bodies. It was a distinct mark that the Vladdicus Coven knew to look out for. He knew if this Greslin was still around they would smell him roaming around.

He had no idea that the Greslin's would be on this campus, but knew they were quickly spreading and soon, they'd be everywhere.

He looked up at the one single light that he had seen just minutes before and it was now black. The entire building was black and there was nobody in sight.

He started walking back towards the front of the building and heard a faint cry coming from a nearby wooded area.

"What have I done? What have I done?" he heard the voice saying over and over.

He slowly walked through the crunching leaves and heard the voice in the woods gasp and stand up.

"Whose there?" a girls voice said.

"Are you OK?" Benji asked, seeing a silhouette of a girl in the distance.

The girl started sobbing as she fell to her knees begging for forgiveness.

"God, please forgive me my sins."

"Excuse me?" Benji said again, walking closer to the girl.

"GO AWAY!" the girl yelled. "PLEASE!"

As he neared the girl, he couldn't believe his eyes. It was Sarah, crouching to the ground, praying to God for help.

"SARAH?" Benji asked.

"Who are you?" Sarah asked.

"What do you mean?" Benji said. "Don't you remember me?"

"I'm not in the mood for this right now. Just tell me who you are," Sarah replied sharply.

"Benji."

"Benji?" Sarah asked.

"Yes, remember me? Rachel's boyfriend."

"Yes," Sarah said, sobbing into her hands.

"What happened?" Benji asked.

Then all of a sudden, before she could even open her mouth to reply he saw her face and body was covered in blood and he knew exactly what had happened.

"I can't tell you," Sarah said.

"You don't have to tell me. I already know," Benji said, down at her and putting his hand on her shoulder.

"You have no clue," Sarah said.

"You're one of them," Benji said.

Sarah stood up and looked Benji in the eyes.

"Help me! Please!"

"I'll try my best to help you but you're part of the evil coven. The Greslins and our people do not get along."

"What do you mean Greslins?"

"You were turned. Don't you know that?" Benji asked in confusion.

"I don't remember," Sarah said, still sobbing.

"It's not your fault. They're turning everyone in their paths. You did nothing wrong," Benji reassured her. "You just have to learn the ways to escape Violet and her people."

"Violet?" Who's that?

"Oh gosh. You really don't know anything do you?" Benji asked.

"I don't know what you're talking about. Have you gone mad?" Sarah said.

"Listen, I'm here to help you," Benji said, picking her up from the ground.

Then, out of nowhere came loud sirens and the voice of the police over their car loud speaker.

"This is the Syracuse Police, stay inside. Lock you doors, there is a predator on the loose. Keep your kids inside. This is not a joke. I repeat this is not a joke."

Then, the police car stopped, and Benji heard the doors shut to the car.

"Quick, we have to get out of here!" he said.

"But how? They'll see us running!" Sarah said.

"We can't escape by foot. We must fly!" Benji said. "Ready?"

"Um, I don't remember how to..."

Benji grabbed Sarah by the hand and whisked her up into the air on his back giving her the speed to launch her own wings and fly by his side.

"Thank you," Sarah said, as they soared above.

"Be quiet. Fly smooth. You don't want to be spotted," Benji said.

The two flew quietly and quickly until then landed on a remote island off the coast of Montauk, New York. It was a deserted island with nothing but burnt down trees from an old forest fire. There was no signs of life on this island except for the two of them, and that gave Benji a sense of calm after what they'd just been through.

"Benji, I don't know how to thank you," Sarah said, taking a deep breath.

"You don't have to thank me. I will always be here for you," Benji said. "But maybe you can help me with something. I need to find Rachel and time is running out."

"Running out?" Sarah asked.

"Yes!" Benji said, looking up at the moon. "See that?"

"What?" Sarah asked.

"The moon," Benji replied.

"What about it?" Sarah said with concern.

"On the next new moon Violet is going to destroy the Vladdicus people and take over the universe. She will hold complete power and we will all be dead!"

"Dead?" Sarah said in horror.

"YES. DEAD!" Benji yelled.

Sarah let out a laugh.

"This is not a joke, Sarah," Benji snapped at her.

"I'm sorry. I just don't know what you're so worried about. It's not like we are going to war or anything."

"This is worse than any war we have ever been in. This is the first time in thousands of years where anyone has been in control of the Varithian Bracelet and thus able to perform the Varithian Ritual and gain control of the universe," Benji stated again. "I know this might now sound serious to you right now, but let me tell you, if it does happen and don't stop her, she will destroy everything with her evil ways. That I promise you!"

"OK, OK. How can I help?" Sarah said.

"I need to find Rachel. Do you know where she is?" Benji said.

Then, as if by magic, he watched Sarah morph out of her body and float overhead chanting the old ancient hymn of the people:

"He who was lost must now be found. He who is lost must now be found. Come out come out and reveal yourself."

"He who was lost must now be found. He who is lost must now be found. Come out come out and reveal yourself."

Then, he watched her take form back inside her body again as she opened her mouth to speak, "I know exactly where she is. I just saw her!"

"WHERE?" Benji asked.

"She's in New Orleans right now. She's walking up the steps to our grandmother's house as we speak. She's probably down there for a visit but I can't say for sure. We haven't seen our grandmother in years after her accident."

"Thank you, Sarah. I must go now," Benji said, as he got up to leave.

"Wait! Please don't leave me here like this. I don't know what to do next. They're going to get me."

"Don't worry. You will be fine!" Benji said. "You will be safe here, just don't leave this island. Once I get Rachel, we will come back for you. Stay put!"

"Can I come with you?" Sarah asked.

"No! It's very dangerous what I am about to do. If you came we'd both surely get caught and killed. It's way too risky. You must stay here. Do you hear me?" Benji demanded.

"Yes! I will stay here, but please hurry back."

Benji reached out and patted Sarah on the shoulder.

"We will meet again."

And with that, he rose into the air, his wings spread wide as he flew south to find his beloved Rachel.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Rachel walked up the front walkway towards her grandmothers front door. It was breaking dawn and the sun was peaking up over the tall stalks or corn on the neighbors farm. She looked down at her watch and it was nearing five in the morning. She remembered her grandmother was an early riser, but she didn't know if she'd be up this early.

As she approached the large front door her heart began to beat faster and faster. She didn't know why she felt so nervous to see her grandmother, but she did. She couldn't explain all the emotions that were running through her head, but she knew she was here for a purpose and that was to find out answers about her family. She had to get to the bottom of what was happening to her and to her family and her grandmother was the only person in the whole world who could help her now.

She lifted her shaking fist up to the large door and was about to knock when the door swung open and her grandmother appeared.

She looked different than what she'd remembered. She stood there, tall and lean, in a silk bathrobe with images of Andy Warhol's Marilyn painting on it. She looked as glamorous as ever. Her makeup was perfectly done and her lipstick was a beautiful shade of red that really made her lips pop.

"Grandma!" Rachel yelled as she stood there in the doorway.

"Excuse me, child?" the woman replied.

"Grandma?" She asked. "What's wrong?"

"Who are you calling grandma?"

Rachel let out a laugh. "You're joking! That was funny!"

"Please leave my property, NOW!" the woman yelled.

"What?" Rachel said. "Are you serious?"

The woman took a step towards Rachel which made her back up in fear. She could tell the woman was getting really upset as she approached her.

"Back up!" Rachel said.

"Get off of my property!" she said again.

"Grandma! Have you lost your mind? It's me, Rachel!"

"I don't have any grandchildren! No get lost, kid!"

"Yes you do! C'mon Grandma, it's me. You're favorite granddaughter!"

"I'm going to call the police on you!"

Rachel couldn't understand what was going on. It was as if her grandmother had completely lost her mind. She didn't look like a senile old woman-in fact, she looked quite the opposite. She was well dressed, groomed, and put together for so early in the morning and from what she could tell, she was quite lucid. She just couldn't figure would why her grandmother didn't recognize her.

She saw the woman begin to shake and her eyes turn red. She knew something was wrong, but she couldn't pin point what was happening. She noticed small hairs growing all over her body as she stood there, eyes opening wider and wider focusing in on Rachel's body. She began to get scared, really scared.

It looked to Rachel as if this woman was going to kill her. She started to back away as the woman's eyes started to light up red and zero in on her neck. She knew this was going to be trouble as she started to move away quicker.

"You asked for this," the woman said, as she began to move quicker towards Rachel.

"What are you doing? Go away!" Rachel yelled.

"I can't now. You're under my spell," the woman said, fixated on Rachel's eyes.

"Stop staring at me! This is creepy!" Rachel said, as she began to run away.

She turned to look over her shoulder but the woman had vanished. As she turned to face forward she felt a hand stopping her and pushing her back by her gut.

"Not so fast!" the woman said, now miraculously standing in front of her holding her back. "You didn't think I'd let you get away did you?"

"Please! Let me go!" Rachel yelled as she tried to pull her body away from her tight grasp. "LET GO!"

"You're strength will not get you far, child. You should give in now," the woman said, in a hypnotic tone. "Give in to me. Let your fears fade away into the darkness."

"NO! STOP IT!"

"Let go of wanting to control this situation. Let go of your desires. Let go of wanting to live," the woman continued.

Rachel started screaming in hopes of drowning out what the woman was saying to her. She didn't want to come under her spell and she knew if she listened to the words she might.

"Please! Grandma! It's me, Rachel. Remember me?" she tried to convince her one more time.

The woman lifted Rachel into the air and looked at her right in the eyes. Rachel's body shook as she hovered in the air. The woman started spinning her upside down over and over again.

"Stop! I'm sick! Please!" Rachel yelled. "Put me down!"

Then, all of a sudden, the woman put her down on the ground, and grabbed her ear.

"What's this?" she said, snapping out of her trance.

"What's what?" Rachel asked.

"You have the snakes triangle behind your ear, child."

"Snakes triangle?" Rachel asked.

"Yes! My gosh, I'm sorry, child. You are one of us. I'm sorry for the mix up, I had no idea you were coming to visit," she said, completely changing her tone.

Rachel now stood there, in complete shock. One minute this woman was about to kill her the next, she was a happy old grandma, waiting to welcome her with open arms.

"Rachel, my dear. How have you been?" she asked.

"Excuse me?" Rachel asked. "I'm sorry, but you just tried to kill me, do you remember that?"

"Oh please! That was nothing. Don't mind me. I get a little crazy with unexpected guests."

"Unexpected guests? Grandma? Did you not recognize me?" Rachel asked again.

"You know what, child. At my age, it's a miracle I can even see a thing!" her grandmother said. "Come inside and have a cup of tea, Darling. Let's clean you up."

Rachel didn't know if she should stay or go after what had just happened. A huge part of her wanted to run from the scene, but she knew she had to stay to find out what the letter was all about. She had to find out who she really was and get to the bottom of her family secret.

"Ok," Rachel said, accepting her offer. "Promise me you won't scare me like that again."

"It comes in waves after the accident. I can't control it, but I will try my best. Now that I know you are one of us, I can promise you I won't hurt you. The snakes triangle will prevail and you will never get hurt by one of your kind."

"What are you talking about, Grandma?" she asked.

"You don't know?"

"No?"

"You're mother never told you?"

"Um, nope! But it sure would be nice to know what it was that just saved my life."

"The snakes triangle is our families crest and it is etched in behind your ear."

"What are you talking about?" Rachel asked, trying to think if she'd ever noticed it before.

"You haven't seen it?"

"Never!"

"It is very subtle but when you were just four days old we had the traditional carving ceremony done and etched the snakes triangle behind your ear so that you would have the official stamp of our people," her grandmother started to say.

"What?" Rachel asked.

"You were just a baby, so you probably don't remember such things. It was a beautiful ceremony, that I can assure you," her grandmother continued.

"This is getting weird," Rachel said.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't begin our visit this way. I'll stop," her grandmother said.

"No, please. By all means. Keep going. I just didn't know any of this and now I'm wondering why it was kept from me all these years.

"Come sit down, Rachel," her grandmother said, as they entered the kitchen. "You can put your bags right there on that chair."

Rachel put her things down and plopped herself down in the chair. She felt a bit more at ease now, but still knew her grandmother could go off like a loose cannon. She didn't want to get too comfortable since she knew she still had to keep her guard up.

"This is quite the pleasant surprise visit," her grandmother said.

"Well, yes, I guess it is," Rachel said.

"Was there something you needed? I haven't seen you in years!"

"I know. I haven't seen you since-well, I can't even remember."

"It's been a while, I know. I'm sad about that, but after the accident, your mother asked if I would stay away for a while."

"What do you mean? She told us that you didn't want to come see us anymore and that's why you didn't visit." Rachel said, trying to recall the story. "She said you'd gotten too busy with your life that you didn't have time to visit."

"Well, my dear, we all say crazy things something. And we even say things that are not true. I'm sure she was only trying to protect you," her grandmother said.

"Protect me? From what?"

"Well, never mind," her grandmother said. "What type of tea do you like, Dear. Is peppermint alright?"

"Yes, that's fine," Rachel said. "What were you saying thought? Protect me from what?"

She hoped that her grandmother would tell her what was going on. She needed to know the truth about the family and didn't want to be shielded from it anymore. She was old enough to know.

"Listen, Rachel. I really don't know if now is the appropriate time. I have not seen or discussed this with your mother, and I don't know if she would want you to know."

"Grandma. I have to know. Strange things have been happening to me, and I can't explain it. I do not feel like my old self and I don't know why. I don't know what has happened to me."

"What sort of strange things, my dear?"

"I don't know. All kinds of things."

Rachel didn't want to get into specifics with her grandmother. She didn't feel comfortable to do that so quickly into their visit. Especially since the woman she thought she could trust tried to hurt her just minutes ago. Now, she was acting as if nothing had happened and she wanted to know all the details of her life.

"If you don't tell me, I can't help you," her grandmother said.

"Listen, that is not what really matters right now. What I'm most concerned about is THIS," Rachel said, as she reached into the pocket of her jacket.

"What?" her grandmother asked as she watched her intently.

Rachel fumbled around in her pocket reaching for the letter she had brought with her. She knew she had to take it out and read it.

"THIS!" she said, holding up the old letter in its original envelope with the name Betsy on the front.

Instantly, she watched as her grandmother's demeanor changed. Rachel knew she knew exactly what she was holding. She looked at the letter closely and then looked away as if ashamed or embarrassed by it.

"Where did you find that, young lady?"

"I found it in our attic at home," Rachel replied nervously.

"Attic?"

"Yes, I found it up there when I was looking for something," Rachel said.

"Here, let me read it to you," Rachel said as she cleared her throat to begin.

Dear Betsy,

Now that you are older, I can tell you who you really are and who we really come from. I can tell you the secrets of our family past and let you in on our secret life. This information is confidential and must strictly remain within our side of the family. You are never to tell your children or your husband. You have to promise me that you will not share our family's history with anyone and you will take it to your grave. For I am the only remaining survivor from the time and the only one who holds the secrets. Meet me in the cemetery at the tomb of your grandfather, and I will share with you what I know.

Love, your mother.

As she finished reading the letter she looked up at her grandmother who was sitting there tearing up.

"I can't believe you found this," she said.

"Well, what does it all mean?" Rachel asked.

"I shouldn't tell you," she replied.

"Why not?"

"You're too young to understand."

"TOO YOUNG?" Rachel yelled. "I'm not too young. I'm almost eighteen years old, Grandmother. I have a right to know who my family is and who I really am. Don't you see I'm desperate. I came here to learn who I am. You can't hold this information secret anymore. I must know!"

"I'm sorry, Rachel. It is just too long of a story to share with you at this time."

"What do you mean? I'm not going anywhere. I have all the time in the world!"

Rachel sat there in silence for a few minutes with her grandmother. She couldn't beg her anymore to tell her what the letter meant. She didn't know what to do. She knew she couldn't leave her grandmother's house without knowing this information. She knew she couldn't go another day without knowing the truth.

"Grandmother please. You don't understand. I'm a different person. I've changed. I've bitten people for their blood. Please I need you to help me," Rachel begged.

"You've fed?" her grandmother asked.

"YES!" Rachel confessed. "I fed and it felt so good."

"My dear child, you really have become one of us. I was hoping your generation would be spared the hurt and agony of what your elders went through, but it appears you have not."

"I have not been spared and it's causing more hurt not know what has happened."

"I guess it was written in the stars then. You are just another member in the long line of vampire descendants."

"Vampire descendants?" Rachel asked. "What does that mean?"

"Well, what I wrote to your mother in the letter vaguely explained that we are different from everyone else. She and I have spoken at length about this since I wrote that letter, but it appears she never passed down the knowledge of our ancestry to you."

"UM. NO!" Rachel said.

"You see, we are not like the rest of the humans out there. We are immortal people. We are vampires. Yes, we may be in different covens, but that does not matter. What matters is that we are all vampires that feed on other humans, animals and other blood carrying creatures. We need them to survive in this world."

"But why me? What did I do to deserve this?" Rachel asked, nearly in tears.

"Rachel, my child. It was nothing that you did wrong. Please don't think this was your fault. It was your destiny to become one of us. When you were born it was already in your genes. It took one special person to turn you into who you were always meant to be. Many of us have been turned by our one true love. Do you remember who turned you?" her grandmother asked.

"Turned me? What are you talking about?"

"So I'm assuming you don't remember. That is common. It is a whirlwind the first few years of being a vampire and one goes through many stages of denial and acceptance of this state. You must be in your denial phase right now."

"Denial phase? I really don't understand you right now, Grandmother. Please help me understand."

"I'm trying my best Dear, but you also have to believe and accept what I am telling you. Don't think about it too hard for that will hinder your acceptance with who you really are. It might not make sense at first but I assure you once you've lived with the truth for a while you will begin to forget what it was like to be a mortal human being. You will begin to only understand the life of the vampire and the immortals. For you are no an immortal being. You will live on forever and ever, unless of course you are captured by the evil coven and they kill you off, but that is another story in itself.

"Evil coven?"

"Yes, these things you will learn in time, my child. But I'm sure you have done nothing to deserve to be killed off so soon. You have only recently been turned and it would be highly unlikely that you have gotten mixed up with the wrong people."

"Wait a minute," Rachel said. "I'm having a vision."

"What?" her grandmother asked. "What do you see?"

"I see a dark haired girl, an evil looking girl with pale skin and ugly facial features. I see her sitting in her secret coven meeting room. They are all wearing capes with the emblem of a deer with blood dripping out of its mouth. It's all coming back to me now. Her name is Violet and she's after me. She's part of the Greslin Coven."

"Greslin Coven?" her grandmother shrieked. "Don't tell me you already got on their bad side."

"I know something happened, but I can't remember exactly what it is." Rachel admitted. "It wasn't my fault though."

"It doesn't matter if it's your fault or not. If you are on the bad side of Violet and her people, you are surely to die. How could it be that a new vampire like you could make a cardinal mistake like this. There are very few ways for an immortal vampire to die, but this is the number one most life threatening way."

"Am I going to die? Please say no. I'm not ready to die," Rachel said, beginning to cry.

"Rachel, you have to figure out what you did and how this all happened. You need to gain clarity back."

"How am I going to do that?"

"You have to go to the graveyard and enter the ancient mausoleum of our ancestors. They say, when you are surrounded by those of your kin you gain clarity and insight into both your past and your future. You must go now. You have no time to waste. I'm getting bad feeling about this and you are running out of time," her grandmother said, in a worried tone.

"You mean I have to go there now? As in right now?"

"As in like five minutes ago. You should leave immediately and don't come back until you're crystal clear on why the Greslin's are after you."

"But where do I go?" Rachel asked with fear.

"You must fly there. Do you remember how to do that?"

"Yes, I think I can remember that. But where do I fly to?"

"You fly to the north west quadrant of the swamp and then circle around until you see the large statue of the eagle. Once you see the eagle you are close. Look down and you will see the mausoleum there below. It is a large stone structure with our family crest on it. You can't miss it."

"Ok, but what if I get lost?" Rachel asked.

"You won't get lost. Follow your gut and it will take you to exactly where you need to be."

"Will I see you again?" Rachel asked.

"I sure hope so. But if not, know that you are loved very much."

Rachel gave her grandmother a hug goodbye as she was being pushed out the front door.

"Be off! Fly!" her grandmother yelled.

Rachel looked back over her shoulder at her grandmother than with a running leap she took off into the air soaring high above the farms and swamp lands below. Her eyes were peeled for the statue of the eagle and she kept praying that she wouldn't get lost.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Matilda knew she was on to something, she could feel it in her bones. She'd never been to the Galapagos Islands before but she knew with everything she was that the Waverly Mirror was close now.

"I have a good feeling about this now!" Matilda said.

"That's what you said last time," Hunter said.

"Yeah!" Penelope chimed in.

"You have to trust me," Matilda said. "Don't you?"

"Um, I guess so!" Penelope said.

"Look at the moon, we have no time left. Don't you see?" Hunter said. "You need to stop all the talk and find the Waverly Mirror!"

"Relax, Hunter. I know it's here. I sense it."

"So where are we going next?" Hunter said.

"Do you see that?" Matilda pointed towards a dark cave.

"Seriously?" Penelope said.

"Don't chicken out now! It's our only hope," Matilda said.

"Let's get going. We don't have any more time!"

The three started walking towards the dark cave at a quick pace. They didn't have much time before Violet was going to take over the world and they knew this was the only way to save the Vladdicus Coven from destruction.

When they got to the cave they heard howling and other strange noises coming from inside. Matilda had heard these noises before and knew that the animals who were making them were large and violent. She thought for a second about not entering but she knew she had no choice.

"Come on. We have to enter. We have no choice," Matilda said.

"Why don't you go and we will wait outside," Penelope said.

"No! We need strength in numbers. We can't separate now!" Matilda said.

"That's right, Penelope. I can't let her go in alone. What if she never came out. I could never live with myself," Hunter said.

HSSSSSS

"What was that?" Penelope yelled in terror.

"Shh, be quiet. Don't let them know you are scared," Matilda said.

"Is that the Komodo Dragon?" Hunter asked.

"Yes!" Matilda said.

"I'm not going in!" Penelope yelled, almost in tears.

"You are coming in. It's not any safer out here," Hunter said.

"Let's go!" Matilda said.

They walked inside the cave and all over were stalagmites and stalactites. It was actually very beautiful once they were inside. There was a shimmer of light at the end of the cave, which sparkled off the stalagmites and sent a beam of light shining throughout the cave and brightening up a pathway for the three to walk.

"So where is it?" Hunter said.

"I'm not exactly sure, but I know it's in here somewhere. I just know!" Matilda said in excitement.

"Should we go towards the light?" Penelope said.

"That's where we are heading!" Matilda said.

They started walking to the blue light at the end of the tunnel and Matilda noticed that it started to glisten as if the light was not actually light but something else. It was like a mirage in the distance, which she couldn't quite make out.

As they got closer, she could see that the light was actually the reflection coming off the big blue pool of water in the cave, making it glisten.

HSSSS

The hissing got louder and closer as they reached the pool of water and when Matilda looked up she saw at least fifteen hissing komodo dragons standing in between them and the pool of water.

"HELP!" Penelope yelled. "Please can we go now!"

"This is crazy!" Hunter exclaimed.

"We have to keep going!" Matilda said.

"How are we going to get past them?" Hunter asked. "This doesn't look good."

"Do you know how dangerous the komodo dragon is?" Penelope asked. "We are all going to die!"

"This is going a little far, Matilda," Hunter said. "You don't even know if the Waverly Mirror is over here. You can't risk our lives in the event it may be here. Let's go!"

"I am not leaving. I know it is here. Why do you think all the dragons are here. They're protecting it. I'm sure Violet and the Greslin's sent them here to protect the Waverly Mirror. I bet they didn't even think we'd get this far in finding it!" Matilda said.

"It's not here!" Penelope said. It's just a coincidence.

SCREECH SCREECH!

Above them flew hundreds of thousands of bats and they started to surround them and began to bite their bodies. They could barely see in front of them anymore as all the bats swarmed them.

"RUN!" Matilda screamed. "Start running towards the pool!"

"ARE YOU CRAZY?" Hunter yelled.

"Let's go! We don't have any time!" Matilda said.

The three of them started running through the swarm of baths flailing their arms as they ran fighting off the bats that were biting them. As they approached the edge of the pool, Matilda looked down and saw something shining at the bottom of the pool.

HSSSSS

A komodo dragon came close to her with his tongue sticking out of its mouth as if he were going to eat her alive.

"LOOK!" Matilda said.

"LOOK AT WHAT?" they yelled.

"There it is!" Matilda said.

"Where?" Hunter asked.

"It's there at the bottom of the pool! Don't you see it! The Waverly Mirror is what has been shining the light through the cave this whole time. It was guiding us to it!" Matilda said. "I knew it was here I just knew it!"

"How do you think you're going to get past the dragons?" Penelope said.

"And look there's sharks in the water circling!" Hunter added.

"This isn't looking good!" Matilda said, but it's our only shot at survival. If I don't get it we are going to die and if I do get it there's a chance we may still die. But I have to at least try. If not for ourselves for our coven and for all the vampire people."

With that, Matilda started running full speed ahead and jumped into the air over the komodo dragons and dove into the water with all her clothes on towards the Waverly Mirror. She hoped that she would come out alive, but knew her chances were slim.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Flying at the speed of light Rachel could barely keep her eyes open as the wind rushed past her face. It was like she were in a wind tunnel and all she could do was make sure she didn't run into any trees or large birds in the sky.

Her eyes were peeled for the statue of the eagle but she'd yet to see it. She wondered if she had accidentally flown the wrong way or missed it due to the intense speed and lack of clear vision. Either way, she was beginning to worry. She knew she was running out of time and the last thing she needed was to get lost on the way to the family mausoleum.

Rachel slowed her flight down a little bit although she felt anxious doing so. She didn't want to waste time going slow but she also knew it would be a huge waste of time to over shoot the eagle statue and then have to turn around. Part of her felt like this was all a big mistake to venture off in the swamps alone, but she knew she had no other choice. In hind sight she wished her grandmother would have just taken here there and shown her exactly where to go and what to do once she arrived. Now she was completely on her own in a place that felt foreign to her.

The dawn was breaking and on the horizon Rachel could see the sun trying to peek over the trees. It was like no other sunrise she'd ever seen before. The sun was molten red against the dark black of the night sky. It was eerie looking and she knew that something was different. She could feel it in the air that other forces were working against her.

She continued heading north west but was beginning to get a sinking feeling in her stomach that this was all wrong. Maybe this was a bad idea after all. Maybe she should have never come down to talk to her grandmother in the first place. She felt more vulnerable than she'd ever felt in her life at this moment and knew that it was all her fault. If she'd just left well enough alone than none of this would be happening. She'd be sitting at school with her friends gossiping and chatting about anything and everything. How she'd wished that were her reality at this moment.

She knew she couldn't let herself get wrapped up in the what ifs of the situation and had to focus on what was actually going on. No matter how much she wished the situation were different it wasn't going to change anything. She was in the swamps flying around to find the mausoleum and to find out the truth behind how she became a vampire and what was happening between her and the evil coven. After all, if she didn't complete this mission, she knew she would surely not live to see the light of day for very much longer. It was no longer a choice. It was her destiny. She had to move forward.

After pushing all the negative thoughts out of her head she finally accepted what she was doing. She knew she had to figure out who she was and what had happened to her and the only way was to find her family's mausoleum.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Sarah walked alone, the gravel crunching beneath her feet, down the dark and isolated road, finally turning a bend and coming to a stop before the huge and sprawling prison complex, its floodlights lighting up the night. She looked up, and read the large intimidating sign: Hudson County Prison.

Sarah could hear the buzzing coming off the electrified barbed wire, and she saw several guards standing outside the gate, guns in hand, scowling into the night. For a moment, she felt afraid. But she knew that was the old human part of her, the old Sarah, that was feeling that fear. The new Sarah, the vampire Sarah, was invincible. Fear was a thing of the past, a thing she had shed, had left behind with her human body.

Sarah recalled what Benji had said, when he had left her on that island. He had told her to stay put, to wait for him. She was grateful to Benji for helping her, and she wanted to obey him, she really did. But she had waited and waited, and no one had come for her, and while she was there, she had sensed, deep inside her, like an electric shock, that her brother, Marc, was in trouble. She had never had such a strong feeling before. And she could no longer ignore it.

Without thinking, Sarah had launched into the air, had left the island, had allowed her senses to lead her as she had flown this way. They had brought her here, to this lonely road in the middle of nowhere, and now, to this prison complex. Was she crazy? Was Marc inside? Was he a prisoner here? What could he doing here, in a human prison?

Sarah needed answers. Most of all, she still felt that Marc needed her. As much as she tried, she could not ignore the feeling. She had to find out for herself. And if he was in danger, she had to rescue her little brother.

As she approached the prison, Sarah thought back, reflected on her relationship with Marc. As brother and sister, they had never really been that close. He was younger than her, and when they interacted, it had mostly been arguing, fighting.

Yet strangely enough, now that she was a vampire, Sarah felt a deeper kinship towards Mark. She could not understand why, but she felt that maybe, he was like her now, too. Was it possible? Was her brother Mark turned? By whom?

"Don't come any further," a guard shouted out into the night.

"Stay where you are!" another guard yelled.

"Don't move! yelled another guard.

Sarah just ignored them, walking closer, casually. The guards tensed, several of them reaching for their guns. The lead guard, a huge man, twice the size of the others, instead looked at Sarah with a different sort of look. As if she were someone to take advantage of.

"How old are you sweet thing?" he asked with an evil smile. "Old enough, I bet. What are you doing out here, all alone by yourself?"

He walked towards her, and reached down, and began to unbuckle his belt. He looked her up and down, as if deciding how exactly he was going to attack her."

"I'm talking to you girl!" he yelled, and he took several steps closer to her.

Sarah continued to walk, right towards him, never hesitating. As he placed his big, beefy palm on her shoulder, suddenly, her vampire reflexes kicked in.

Sarah moved with lightning fast speed, reached out, grabbed his wrist, twisted it around behind his back, and broke his wrist, then his arm, with a sickening crack. He collapsed down to the ground, shrieking.

The other guards, eyes open wide in shock and amazement, rushed forward, reaching for their guns. Before their hands could even draw them, though, Sarah was already in action.

She leapt through the air, elbowing one across the face, striking another in the throat, kicking a third in the chest, sending them all flying backwards, bouncing against the chain-link fence, and to the ground. In moments, all was still. They all lay there, unconscious.

Sarah surveyed the situation, the now empty and unmanned prison complex, reached up, grabbed the huge gate, and tore it off its hinges with an awful metal crash. She held it high over her head, and hurled it, high over the barbed wire, hundreds of feet, until it landed on the prison building, smashing the glass front doors.

Alarms sounded everywhere.

Sarah waited no longer. She rushed forward, threw her body through the glass doors, shattering them, and into the prison complex, racing at lightning speed down the halls.

Guards screamed in every direction, and she raced past him, until she reached a huge set of iron bars. A guard sat there, reading a paper, and turned and looked up as he saw her coming. His eyes opened wide in shock, as he began to stand.

Before he could even reach his feet, Sarah kicked him under his chin, and sent him flying back down, crashing onto the stool. It broke and he landed on the floor, unconscious.

She glanced down at his keys, but then realized she didn't need them.

She lunged forward, grabbed the thick iron bars, and tore it off with her two hands. The sound of groaning metal echoed in the halls. She glanced back over her shoulder, saw dozens of guards racing towards her, and turned and threw the heavy iron gates behind her, like a Frisbee. It spun over and over, and smashed into them and sent them all to the ground, unmoving.

Sarah rushed into the prison's main hall.

Alarms still sounding all around her, Sarah stood in the main complex, the ceilings rising to hundreds of feet, rows and rows of cells everywhere. Hundreds of prisoners milled about in the open area, and Sarah rushed right into the center. As cacophonous as this hall was, they all stopped and turned and stared as she burst into the room. They fell silent, stunned. She was the only woman in the place. And certainly the most attractive person in there.

They all stared at her, as if all getting ready to pounce on her at once.

"Hey foxy lady!" one yelled out.

"Hey she's mine!" one yelled out.

"No she's not. She's mine!" another yelled.

"I'm taking you into my cell, and you're never coming out!" another yelled.

They also began to close in on her, and Sarah do not hesitate: she released her wings and flew high up into the air, hovering above them all, higher and higher, dozens of feet, floating in the air. She looked around at all the cells, looking for any sign of her brother anywhere.

"MARK!" she shrieked.

The prisoners all looked up at her, eyes opened wide in amazement, clearly never having seen anything like this before. Sarah tried to ignore them as she scanned the huge room, looking to see if there was any cell door shut. She looked left to right, and all the doors were open, all the prisoners milling about.

But then, in the far corner, she saw one cell door, closed shut. She saw a prisoner lying in the bed, under the covers, unmoving. The only one. And she sensed, with all her might, that it was her brother in there.

"Mark!" she shrieked.

Sarah flew through the air, racing right for him, and soon landed on the upper balcony of the prison hall.

She reached over, grabbed the black iron bars, and tore them off their hinges. There came a sickening sound of metal on metal as it opened.

Sarah heard screaming beside her, and saw the entire population now upstairs, racing towards the cell, wanting to grab her.

"Get her!" one yelled.

"She's a witch!" yelled another.

Sarah did not wait. She turned and hurled the iron bars at them, knocking out dozens of prisoners, sending them collapsing down to the ground.

Sarah rushed into Mark's cell, and, shaking, she threw back the blanket, praying it was her brother in there.

"Mark!" she cried out.

She turned the body over, and her heart raced with relief to see that it was indeed him, her brother. He lay there, very pale, ice cold to the touch, and she wondered what happened to him.

Slowly, his eyes fluttered open, and she cried out in relief.

"Sis?" he asked.

The sound of the prisoners was getting louder, and Sarah wasted no time. She leaned over, grabbed Mark, slung him over her shoulder like a sack of potatoes, and turned and raced out of his cell.

All the prisoners were closing in now, from both directions.

Right before they could reach her, Sarah leapt over the railing, and then released her wings. They floated softly down to the floor, a hundred feet below.

Sara looked and saw more prisoners stood by the door, blocked their way out. She had no choice but to confront them.

Sarah let out a great cry, charged forward, leapt into the air, and kicked one after another prisoner, creating a domino effect, all the way to the main cell door. She elbowed and kicked and punched, creating a passage, knocking out one prisoner after another.

Finally, she reached the main door, and burst outside.

Waiting to greet them were dozens of correctional officers, racing down the hall.

"Hang on!" Sarah screamed, realizing there was no way out but through.

Sarah lowered her head, and covered Mark's face with her arms, and flew, head first, like a bullet, right into the guards. She barreled right through them.

Finally, she burst out the prison corridors, and back into the night.

As Sarah felt the cool night air, she released her wings further and flew higher and higher, gaining speed, away from this place.

Shots rang out, and she could feel bullets whizzing past her. They missed by inches.

They had made it. They were free.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Rachel walked and walked in the black of night, beneath the light of the full moon, through the swamps of Louisiana. All around her, animals screeched out into the night, their cries punctuating the moonlight air. She was terrified. Her legs were aching, her feet were tired from all the walking. She had been marching for hours-it felt like days-ever since she'd left her grandma's house, on this desperate mission to find the graveyard and mausoleum of her ancestors.

Rachel's grandmother had told her the graveyard was well-hidden, had given her an ancient map to its location, and she had been following it, rolled up in this old scroll, trying to find her way through the unmarked back swamps of Louisiana.

But now, she was exhausted. There was no sign of a cemetery anywhere in sight, and she was starting to wonder whether it even existed. Who were her ancestors anyway? And what did this all have to do with her?

As Rachel walked, she wondered once again what all these feelings were that had been coursing through her. She felt as if she could not remember a big part of herself-and yet she had been seeing flashes of it coming back to her in pieces. She could see a face, hear a name in her head.

Benji.

It kept repeating in her mind, over and over. She could see his face, yet she did not quite understand who he was.

Also ringing through her head was another name: Rob. She saw his face, too-a very different face. But again, she did not understand who he was. She did not know why she kept thinking of him. Other names ran through her mind too: Sarah, Mark, Violet, Hunter, Penelope, and she knew she knew all these people somehow, but she could not really remember. Slowly, it was as if she was piecing together the fragments of her life.

Rachel felt there was some major piece of her own identity missing. As if she was not only Rachel, but also someone else. Someone bigger, stronger, ancient, powerful. Someone mysterious. She did not understand who or what. Was this all just a fantasy?

Rachel walked and walked, so confused, feeling waves of heat rush over her, as she could start to see flashes of things, things that made no sense. She saw herself flying through the air with Benji. She did not understand. It was like pieces of a jigsaw puzzle, like flashes of a life she once knew, coming back to her. They were invading her mind, forcing her to pay attention. She still did not understand why. Was she losing her mind?

Suddenly, there came a snarl. Rachel screamed and jumped, and she saw an alligator, charging, jumping from the waters, and charging right for her, its jaws wide open. It came faster than she could imagine, the moonlight glistening off its scales, and as it lunged for her, its jaws open to snap off her leg, she found her reflexes kicking in.

She leapt into the air, fifteen feet high, then hovered there, amazed at what she'd been able to do. She hung in the air, over the alligator, and as she looked down, she could see the whole world in slow-motion. She saw the jaws of the alligator, opening slowly, saw herself, frozen in the air, and felt an incredible amount of control. She didn't understand what was going on. Who was she?

Rachel summoned a power, dove back down to the ground, landed atop the alligator, and with her feet, crushed it, sending it into the ground. The alligator sunk all the way into the moist earth, feet below the ground, until it was no threat to her.

Rachel hurried away, and glanced over her shoulder, and saw the alligator's feet sticking out above ground, kicking, helpless. How had she done it?

Rachel hurried, faster and faster, deeper into the swamps, feeling lost, desperate, hopeless. She was beginning to feel that she would never find the cemetery.

Rachel ran, scratched by branches. She wanted to get out of here.

Crying, Rachel ran and ran through swamps until eventually, out of breath, exhausted, she stopped running and slumped beside a huge tree.

A thick fog rose up, and she could no longer see in front of her.

Rachel slumped down against the tree, leaning back against it, a huge ancient oak tree, ten times as wide as her, and she lay there, and closed her eyes tight. She listened to the sound of the bats and the alligators, and God knew whatever else, and she cried and cried, willing for it all to go away. She curled herself up in a ball, clutched her knees, and wished for the whole world to disappear.

*

Rachel dreamt troubled dreams. She saw herself running through fields of flowers, and as she looked down, the flowers all turned tombstones. Dozens of them, then thousands. Stones turned to crosses, ancient rotted wooden crosses, all crooked. Then the crosses grew hands, impossibly long hands, and reached up and began to grab her.

She screamed and screamed, fighting her way out of the thicket of claws.

Rachel blinked and found herself descending steps, deeper and deeper, beneath the earth. There was a soft glow at the end, and as she reached out, she saw a lone figure standing down there. His features were obscured.

As she came closer, her came into view. It was the boy she had been seeing in her dreams.

Benji.

Something was happening inside her mind, and she was beginning to remember who he was. There was something important about him. She knew he was important her. She just did not know how.

"Rachel, my love, it's me," he said. "Benji. Don't you remember?"

She reached out and touched her fingers to his face, felt his features, his delicate skin, his strong cheekbones, his high forehead. His skin was so smooth, pale, perfect. The touch of his skin electrified her. She ran the back of her hand along his cheeks, then leaned in to kiss him.

But as she did, suddenly Benji disappeared, collapsing into a ball of light. She kissed the light, and he was gone.

"Benji!" she screamed out.

Standing before her now was a boy, with very different features than Benji. Another boy she recognized. She knew his name immediately: Rob.

Rob held out a hand for her, and she reluctantly reached out and took his hand. He pulled her the other way, back up the stairs, in the opposite direction of Benji.

"Come with me," he said. "It's okay."

"But who are you?" she asked.

"Don't you remember? I'm your first boyfriend. The one you loved first. I want to take you out of here."

Rachel looked up the stairs, then turned and looked back down.

Benji was gone, just a ball of light now.

She wanted to go after him.

But Rob was yanking her up the other way.

She pulled her hand away from Rob, away from his fierce grip.

"I don't want to go with you," she said.

Rob's face suddenly collapsed into a ball of tears, and as she let go of his hand, she found herself falling, backwards, screaming, into the ball of light.

Rachel woke screaming.

She jumped up to her feet and sat upright. She looked all around, wondering where she was. She realized she was still leaning against the tree. It was still night, and she was covered in sweat.

Rachel heard a weird hissing noise, and she looked down, saw a huge snake, slithering right towards her, it's long tongue but inches away from her feet. She quickly retracted her shoe, and sat there very still. It slithered faster.

Rachel slowly stood to her feet, and backed up. She watched as it came right for her.

Something strange happened. Time slowed down, and she could sense the vibration of the snake. She sensed its anger. Its intent. It was about to strike her. She could feel it. Before it even did.

Rachel suddenly leapt up into the air, high above the ground, faster than the speed of light, a second before the snake struck.

It struck where she had been, but it just missed, striking air instead, as she hovered high above it. From up here she could see it was a huge snake, twenty feet long, as thick as her leg, and she realized that she would have been dead.

She hovered in the air, and grabbed a branch. Hanging right beside it was a vine, and she reached out and grabbed it, and held on tight as she swung, hurling through the air.

Rachel swung through the fog and the mist until finally she saw dry ground. She dropped and landed, far away from the snake, and hurried off again, setting off at a quick pace.

Finally she pushed through the trees and reached a clearing in the swamp. It was dry ground, solid, and she was shocked to see there before her, glowing beneath the moonlight, dozens of ancient graves. In the center was a gigantic marble mausoleum, rising up, twenty feet from the earth. It looked ancient, as if it had been there for centuries. Her heart leapt. She could not believe it.

She had found it.

Rachel hurried through the cemetery, towards the huge marble structure, torches around its gates. She knew she had to go inside, sensing that whatever she needed to find was behind those Gates.

As she reached out to grab the handle, suddenly, she heard a voice:

"And just where do you think you're going?"

Rachel spun to see a girl standing there, facing her. It was a girl she hated. She did not know why.

"That's right," the girl said. "It's me. Violet. You thought you could escape from me."

"What do you want?" Rachel asked, on guard.

Violet did not respond. Instead, she stepped up and backhanded Rachel hard.

Rachel cried out in pain, as she felt the back of Violet's hand smacking her so hard across the face, it made her spin.

Rachel collapsed to her knees, blood in her mouth, the sting of it ringing in her head.

Rachel looked up, shocked at the girl's strength, but she had no time to react.

Violet reached down, grabbed her by the back of the shirt, and threw her.

Rachel found herself flying through the air, landing face first in the mud, rolling, smashing into a tombstone. She spun, breathing hard, and saw Violet bearing down on her, leaping through the air, sprouting wings, fangs and claws extended, and diving right down, to pierce her.

Rachel sensed that this girl was going to kill her. She raised her hands, and braced herself for the attack, sure she was going to die.

There came a shout, and suddenly, Rachel saw another vampire flying through the air. It was a boy, one she recognized from her dreams.

Rob.

Rob swooped down, and grabbed Violet in midair, right before she attacked Rachel. He grabbed Violet, picked her up above his head, and spun her and sent her crashing down to the ground.

Rob landed on top of her, pinning her down.

"You will not touch Rachel!" Rob snarled, threatening Violet.

Violet stared back in shock.

"How dare you interfere!" she said. "You answer to me. Why would you try to save this girl's life?"

"Why does not matter. You will not harm her. Understood?"

Rachel gained her feet and watched as Violet slowly nodded, defeated.

"I promise," Violet said. "She will not be harmed. Just let me free."

Rob slowly nodded, satisfied, and stood.

Violet sat up slowly.

Rob turned around and faced Rachel, a look of love in his face.

"I'm sorry," he said. "I realize now, I was a jerk. My whole life. As a human and as a vampire. I was stupid. I just did not know the right way to act. I want to be with you now. Please, forgive me. I've changed. I promise."

Rachel looked at him, confused. Slowly, it was all coming back to her. Who he was. Flashes of their time together. High school.

"Rob?" she asked.

Rob smiled at her, and recognition flooded her.

He took a step towards her.

Suddenly, Rachel was horrified as she saw Violet leaping up from behind, raising a long silver dagger high overhead.

"NO!" Rachel screamed out. "Rob look out!"

But it all happened too fast. Violet leapt into the air and brought a dagger down with all her might, into Rob's back.

Rob shrieked out, as Violet plunged the dagger deep into his back.

He sank to his knees.

"Rachel!" he gasped, reaching out for her.

But it was too late. Violet stood over him, scowling, digging the knife keep into his back.

"I told you to never betray me," Violet said.

Rob collapsed to his face.

Rachel stood there, staring, horrified.

"ROB!"" she screamed again and again.

Violet pulled out the dagger, and looked up and sneered at Rachel.

"And now it's your turn!" she said.

Violet lunged for her, bringing the dagger down right for Rachel's heart.

Rachel screamed, bracing herself for the feel of cold steel piercing her heart.

Suddenly, there came a scream, and out of the corner of her eye, Rachel saw another vampire race through the air. It was a different boy, one whose face she recognized.

Benji.

Benji smashed into Violet in midair, grabbing the dagger from her hand, and sending Violet hurling through the air, smashing into a tree.

Violet lay there, slumped, unconscious, and Benji took the dagger and hurled it into the forest, so far, Rachel did not even hear it land.

Benji turned and looked at Rachel.

"Rachel," he said, grabbing her shoulders. "It's me. Benji. Do you remember me?"

Her eyes welled with tears. It was all happening so fast. She hardly knew how to react.

"I remember your name. But not everything else."

"Try," he urged.

Rachel blinked several times, trying to remember. Finally she shook her head.

"Sorry," she said. "I do not."

There came a sudden swooshing noise up high in the sky, and they both turned and looked up.

Rachel was horrified to see the sky fill with vampires. They were Violet's coven. All flying right towards them. Rachel knew they would kill them.

Benji grabbed her hand.

"Hurry," he said. "There isn't much time."

He led her and together they raced inside the mausoleum.

As they entered, Benji slammed the iron gates behind them. He grabbed a long silver pole, and used it to bar the gates.

"It is silver," he said. "Your ancestors kept it here, just for this reason. It will hold them back. But not for long. Hurry. We haven't much time."

Benji took her hand, snatched a glowing torch off the wall, and they ran. It lit the way, as they twisted and turned underground, the ground dirt. Rachel was in awe as they passed one huge marble sarcophagus after another. They looked to be thousands of years old.

"What is this place?" she asked.

"The tomb of your ancestors," he answered.

"But why are we here?"

"The key is here. The key to understanding. The key to your destiny."

"I don't understand," she said.

"Follow me!" he said.

Suddenly there came a crash, and the sounds of the iron gate being torn off its hinges. It was followed by the sound of thousands of vampires breaking in behind them.

They ran and ran, deeper and deeper, twisting and turning, as they heard footsteps behind them, echoing through the halls.

Finally, they reached a spiral staircase.

Benji held up the torch, and they circled down again and again and again, Rachel out of breath, he leading her.

They went deeper and deeper into the earth, until finally, they came to a cavernous room.

Benji held up the torch, and Rachel was shocked. The room was filled with gold and silver, piled high, treasure chests, ancient jewels.

And in its center lay a single, golden sarcophagus, shining, carved with ancient symbols.

"The Golden Sarcophagus," Benji said softly, in awe. "The treasure of the Ancient Ones."

He turned to her.

"It is up to you," he said. "Only you can open it."

They hurried towards the sarcophagus, and Rachel leaned over and grabbed the lid. It was heavy, solid gold.

She pushed with all her might, and it opened slowly, with a creak.

A burst of ancient air and dust came rushing out at her.

She peered down, and at first, all was blackness.

Then, Benji held up the torch.

Rachel stepped back and gasped. She could not believe what she saw.

"Is it true?" she asked, turning to Benji.

Benji stood beside her, looking down, equally shocked.

Finally, he nodded.

"Yes," he said. "But I never knew it really existed."

Suddenly, Rachel saw, to her horror, the ground open up beneath Benji.

Benji stumbled and dropped the torch as he started to fall, down into a huge and growing hole in the earth.

Benji fell into the earth, but then reached up and grabbed hold of a root at the top of the pit. He held on with one hand, gasping.

With his other, he reached out for her.

"Rachel, help me!" he said.

Rachel dropped to her knees and reached out, and grabbed his hand. She held him there, pulling him with all her might, her arms trembling.

"I can't!" she said. "You're too heavy!"

"You can," he said. "Think of your love. Your love for me. Rachel, don't you remember? Don't you remember how much I love you?"

Rachel looked into Benji's eyes, deep into his eyes, and suddenly, it all came flooding back to her.

Rachel was suddenly filled with memories. She saw Benji and her together, flying, traveling around the world. She saw them on a Ferris wheel, a motorcycle. She saw him risking his life for her. She remembered all the love she had for him, and all that he had for her. She remembered all the sacrifices he had made for her. She remembered that she had never loved anyone in the world as much as him. She remembered that she wanted to be with him forever.

Most of all, she remembered who she was.

It all came rushing back to her, and her heart flooded with love.

"Benji!" she cried out. "I remember now. I remember everything. I love you."

Benji dangled there, and suddenly, his hand slipped through hers.

Suddenly, Benji was screaming, hurling into the blackness, deep into the bottomless hole in the earth

"Rachel!" he screamed, his voice echoing as it faded.

He disappeared into the blackness, as he fell and deeper and deeper, screaming and screaming, out of sight.

Rachel watched in horror.

Rachel felt her heart breaking. Just when she had him back, now he was gone to her forever.

Suddenly, Rachel heard all the vampires, rushing down the staircase, feet away, coming to kill her.

She could not let Benji die like that. No matter what it took, she could not let him go. She would do anything for him. Sacrifice anything. Anything.

"Benji!" she screamed.

Without hesitating, Rachel suddenly leaned over and dove down, head-first, into the blackness.

Rachel screamed as she felt herself hurtling down, head-first, deeper and deeper into the blackness. She felt sure that she was going to die-but she no longer cared. All that she cared about was Benji. She had to try to save him-wherever it took her.

Rachel screamed and screamed as she plummeted down, deeper and deeper into the earth, her body getting colder, feeling herself engulfed, completely engulfed in blackness. He final thought, before her body turned numb, was:

Benji. I remember you. And I love you.

