CHAPTER 1

"This is the center of town?" Melissa inquired softly, surprise and disbelief evident in her voice.

Devon stared out at the small buildings as they drove slowly past. There was a tiny post office with two mailboxes out front, a barber shop, tailor, feed store, dry cleaner, a bank, and a rather large general store he suspected passed as their grocery store too. He turned down a side road, passing by a Catholic church, a synagogue, and a Lutheran church. The road came to an end, splitting back toward the woods and back roads, or back toward the center of town.

Though a few cars lined the roadsides, they were all in parking spaces. They had not been abandoned but placed there by their owners. Even the homes they drove by still had cars waiting expectantly in their driveway, just hoping that their owners would come out and take them for one final spin. Devon knew that was not going to happen.

"Go back," Chris said softly.

Devon turned back toward town, trying to get a sense of the place, trying to figure out if there were still people living amongst the small array of buildings. "Do you sense anything?" he asked softly.

Chris's hand tightened on the back of Devon's seat as he leaned forward. "No," he whispered. "Nothing. But a lot of people may not live close to town. Just because there appears to be no one left in these homes doesn't mean there still aren't people somewhere else."

"Go further down that way," Luther instructed, pointing ahead of Devon.

He kept to the left, heading down a small road that was lined with woods, but dotted with antique stores, a couple of bookstores, another dark gas station, and one log cabin that sold honey. "There's a school about a mile down, but I don't think that will do us any good," Luther said softly, watching the GPS. "We're going to need to find a place to stay soon."

Devon made another left, heading back toward the main strip. "We can return to the hotel, I don't think they would go back there after exhausting their prey, but I don't know for sure. Daylight will offer us no protection either, some Halflings can go out during the day, they are still part human after all."

Melissa shuddered, shaking her head forcefully as she wrapped her arms around herself. "Absolutely not, I am not going back to that hotel. That room was awful, just awful."

"Maybe we can find a house to hole up in," Liam said softly.

"You mean one of the homes where the people have either disappeared, or are splattered all over the walls?" Melissa demanded. Terror constricted her voice as it took on a note of raw panic.

"We have to stay somewhere," Liam responded reasonably. "And we all have to eat eventually."

Melissa turned away, her dark eyes scanning the night as she bit hard on her bottom lip. It was more than apparent that she didn't want to stay in this town, but there was no way that Devon was leaving it. Though he had no proof that Cassie was here, it was the closest they had come to finding anything since she had disappeared. He knew that none of them wanted to be in this godforsaken town, but they would not leave it until he knew what was going on.

Devon drove back through the main street, trying hard to get a sense of what was going on, but still finding nothing. "Did Halflings kill all of these people?" Chris asked softly.

Devon shook his head as he gripped the wheel tighter. "No, they couldn't have. There would have to be at least a hundred of them to kill all of these people before their neighbors noticed. I don't know what is going on here, but no one would be crazy enough to allow that many Halflings to roam the earth," Devon said softly. Though he said the words, he wasn't completely convinced of them as they made their way slowly down the deserted road. This place was far too strange and quiet to rule out any possibility, even one he didn't want to think about.

"Do you think something else happened to them?" Melissa inquired worriedly.

"There's no way to know that right now," Annabelle answered.

They all grew silent for a moment. "Well if I start trying to eat your brains, you have my permission to cut my head off," Chris said softly.

"Excuse me?" Liam asked in surprise.

"You know the zombie movies where no one ever knows how, but all the people start to go crazy and try to eat everyone else's brains," Chris explained patiently.

Liam stared back at him for a moment, his nearly silver eyes questioning and thoughtful. He finally shook his head, his shaggy brown hair falling in disarray around his handsome face. "That is why I don't watch TV."

"Seriously?" Chris snorted in disbelief, looking as if he believed the zombie story more than Liam's statement.

"Really," Liam stated. "I prefer to read. Remember, I was born in a time before electronics."

"Yeah, but things have greatly improved since then. You need to join the age of technology. I mean, you drive this big Caddy with a GPS and every new technological device in it, but you don't watch TV?"

Liam shrugged again; Chris glanced toward Annabelle who lifted her dainty shoulders in response. Her normally lively sea green eyes were dull and flat, exhaustion and stress had taken their toll on her. "I like the Caddy and technology," she told Chris. "Liam still prefers horseback."

Chris chuckled softly as he slapped Liam on the back. "Oh man, I have so many great things to show you! Once this mess is over I'm gonna introduce you to the wonderful world of the twenty first century!"

"Yes, and until then, can we leave the TV talk till later," Devon growled.

Everyone within the vehicle grew quiet as he drove down another road, discovering the small firehouse and police station. A half a mile away from them was an ice cream stand, boarded up for the winter, and a tiny movie theatre that had no showings listed. Though they passed a few more houses, Devon still could not pick up any hint of human life.

"Go back to town Devon. The General Store will probably be the best place for us to hole up for a bit. It should have supplies, and maybe even some weapons," Luther said softly.

Melissa shook her head forcefully, her dark hair spilled around her as she hugged her knees tight to her chest. Chris rested a hand lightly on her arm, seeking to comfort her. Though she had not seen the inside of the manager's office with his broken, bloodied body, the vision she had received of it had shaken her greatly. "Can't we just stay in the car?" she whispered.

"Melissa, we need a place where we can relax, move about, eat, go to the bathroom, maybe even sleep," Annabelle said softly. "And we can't keep the car running all day, we don't know if we can get gas out of the stations."

"We can siphon it out of other cars."

Annabelle sighed softly as she leaned forward to grasp hold of Melissa's arm. "We'll stay in the car for a little longer," she conceded. "But we can't stay forever, and we do need to stay in this town for at least another day. There may be survivors out there that need our help, and we have to know what is going on here."

Melissa hesitated for a moment, biting hard on her bottom lip before nodding slowly. Her shoulders stiffened as resolve settled over her pretty features. "Ok."

Devon wound his way back through town. "I'm not so sure I want to know what is going on here," Chris mumbled.

Devon silently agreed, but he wasn't leaving this town until he knew for sure that Cassie was not here. That she was not somehow caught up in the oddity that was this town. Chris bolted suddenly upright, his hand slammed down on the back of Devon's seat. "Stop the car! Stop the car!"

"What the hell!" Melissa cried.

"Is it Cassie?" Devon demanded, jolting everyone forward as he slammed on the brakes.

Chris was sitting eagerly forward, his normally bright eyes dark as they scanned the night. "No," Chris said softly, his voice tinged with an odd sense of disbelief. Devon's hope plummeted; he gripped the wheel tight as he fought the urge to rip it free of the car. "It's Julian."

Devon turned to him in shock, his mouth dropped as Chris's words sank in. "What!?" Annabelle gasped in disbelief. "Are you sure?"

Chris's forehead furrowed in confusion, he frowned in perplexity as he shook his head slightly. "I'm sure it's him, but it's different. He feels different."

"What do you mean?" Devon growled, unable to believe that Julian was actually here.

It made no sense, what could he possibly be doing here? What the hell could he be doing in this strange town? Though Devon didn't trust him, he knew that Julian would not have created the monsters that were running loose here. Julian knew better than to do that, he knew what kind of havoc and death such creatures could render. And though Julian loved mayhem and murder more than most, even he would not want to take the risk of having the vampire population exposed to the outer world. Vampires liked to keep their secrets, and they liked to keep their identities safe from terrified humans that would only want to destroy their race.

Chris shook his head again; he rubbed the bridge of his nose as he tried to sort through the emotions he was feeling. The emotions that Julian was emitting. "I don't know Devon. It is Julian, I'm certain of that, but he's not the same. He's not as angry or something, he's not as... he's not as..." Chris broke off, at a loss for words as he stared helplessly at Devon. "He's not as filled with hatred."

Devon frowned over Chris's odd statement; his confusion was mounting by the second. What was going on here? "How far is he from here?"

Chris stared out at the dark road, and then pointed ahead of him. "Ahead of us somewhere. Not far. I don't think."

"You don't think?" Devon grated.

"Devon, just drive slowly," Annabelle said gently, soothingly. "We'll find him."

Excitement pulsed through Devon; it thrummed through his skin and electrified his body. His knuckles were white upon the steering wheel as he began to move slowly forward once more. Hope filled him, anticipation consumed him. They had been looking for Cassie, and had somehow managed to stumble upon the one person that could truly help them find her. He didn't linger on thoughts of what Julian could possibly be doing here, he only thought about finding him. And in turn, finding Cassie.

"Dani," Chris whispered.

"Excuse me?" Melissa demanded, anger filled her onyx eyes as she whipped around to face Chris.

"Dani is with him," Chris said softly.

Fury exploded through Devon, the world turned into a fiery haze of red. Dani and Julian were together! Had Julian helped Dani, and The Commission, take Cassie from him? If he had, Devon was going to rip Julian limb from limb. Beside him, Luther leaned away, his eyes wide as he studied Devon in horror. Chris seized hold of his shoulder, his hand clenching tight. "You have to calm down Devon; I can't feel them over your anger. I can't feel them over your emotions," he said in a choked voice.

Devon tried to calm himself but the fiery rage was building inside him, shaking him to the very core of his being. He needed to compose himself; he had to get a hold of his emotions. They had to find Julian. It may be the only chance that they had of finding Cassie, and he could not risk losing it. If Dani was near, than Cassie had to be also. It was Dani that had caused this, Dani was the one that had helped to take Cassie from him.

He shuddered as he tried to keep himself from completely unraveling, but he had never suspected that Julian may well be in on all of this too. That Julian may have helped Dani. That he may have aided in taking Cassie away from him, that Julian may have hurt her.

"Stop!"

The shout, issued from Melissa, caused him to slam the brakes on again. He jerked against the steering wheel as Luther slammed off the dash. "What the hell?" Liam demanded, shoving himself off the back of the passenger seat.

"Look!" Melissa leaned eagerly forward, thrusting a finger at the woods. "There! I know I saw something. There!"

Devon strained to see through the woods on his left, and then he saw it. The headlights highlighted a flash of red eyes as one of the Halflings darted into some thick underbrush. He watched as it scurried out of sight once more. It was coming at the car in a zigzagging pattern that helped to keep it hidden behind the trees. "It's coming for us," Annabelle said softly, a small hitch in her voice.

"Yes," Devon agreed in a low growl, his hands twisted on the wheel as he fought the urge to go after the Halfling. He was spoiling for a fight, spoiling to get rid of some of the rage and confusion boiling through him. But there was no time for it right now. Not when they were this close to finally getting some answers.

He reached down to shift back into drive when a flurry of motion about a hundred feet up, and to the right, caught his attention. He turned toward it as three figures burst out of the woods. They stumbled up an embankment before staggering onto the road. Devon's mouth dropped, his chest constricted painfully as they turned toward the vehicle.

The lights played over them, highlighting their figures against the dark night. Cassie's golden hair shimmered in the bright glow; it glimmered as brightly and beautifully as the sun. It was the balm that he had needed, the wonder he had been searching for, the sight of her instantly calmed the furious monster raging inside of him. It brought back to him the warmth and joy that he had been missing for the past couple of weeks.

Though she was dirty, and bedraggled, her delicate features were the most amazingly wonderful thing he had ever seen. The scrubs she wore were torn, bloodied, and wet from the snow covered branches of the forest. Her bare feet were bloodied and raw looking.

She stared at them for a moment longer, her red eyes bright in the pallor of her face. It was those red eyes that terrified him most, that left him stunned and horrified. Had he lost her? Was she gone? Was she one of the things that had devastated this town? And just what was she doing with Julian and Dani? Her mouth parted in surprise, her eyes widened in horror as she stared at the vehicle for a long moment.

Julian was the first to react as he began to pull her rapidly toward the other side of the road. Devon's eyes latched onto their hands, tightly entwined as Cassie scurried after Julian, Dani close behind. It was the sight of those hands that drove him into action. He would not lose her like this, he would not lose her to Julian, and he sure as hell was not going to let her disappear again.

He couldn't survive if he lost her again.

Throwing the door of the SUV open he plunged into the cold. "Cassie!" he bellowed as they slipped down the hillside of the road and back into the woods.

Cassie froze instantly, stumbling slightly as Julian briefly pulled her onward. Her head whipped toward him, her hair billowed around her as the wind caught hold of it. Her eyes met his, widening even more as tears bloomed instantly within the bright ruby depths. Even from their distance, and above the howl of the wind, he heard her gasp his name.

"Devon!" she tugged her hand free of Julian's. Using her hands, she pulled herself back up the embankment, scrambling through the shifting rocks that skittered under her feet. "Devon!"

He remained frozen as she reached the road, still too stunned by her sudden arrival, and her reaction to him, to move. Her reddened eyes suggested that she was something different, someone else, but her reaction to him was what he would have expected from his Cassie. The one that had loved him wholeheartedly, the one that never would have been holding hands with Julian. Her voice rang with pure joy, her face lit with the radiance of love as she reached the road.

He didn't know what was going on, and at that moment, he didn't care. Releasing the car door, he raced toward her, needing to hold her, needing to feel her, and touch her once more. "Cassie look out!"

It was Julian's shout that alerted him to the danger he had forgotten about in his shock at seeing her, in his rush to hold her. The blur moved swiftly from the woods, emerging just feet from her as it raced across the road toward her. It was hunched over, using its hands and feet like an ape as it bolted across the asphalt.

Cassie's eyes widened, her mouth dropped as it barreled toward her. "Cassie!" Devon shouted, terror tearing through him. The thing was closer to her than he was, closer than Julian, who had raced out of the woods after her. Devon was amazed, and startled, by the strange certainty that Julian would protect her from that thing, that Julian would not hurt her.

Cassie darted to the side as the thing launched at her, its clawed hands outstretched with deadly intent. Twisting slightly, she seized the creature by the collar of the tattered shirt it still wore, though the thing was clearly nothing even closely resembling human anymore. She moved swiftly, spinning to the side as she flung it away from her. Devon blinked in surprise, startled by the strength and speed she displayed. But his surprise didn't slow him down as the creature rebounded to its feet. It screamed in fury and hunger as it raced back at her, causing Cassie's eyes to widen slightly in fear. She was braced for the attack, ready to face it head on, but Devon raced past her, seizing hold of the creature before it got to her.

His hand tightened around its throat as he slammed it onto the roadway, smashing its head off the asphalt. It howled loudly, squirming beneath Devon's tight hold, its fingers clawing at his hand as Devon squeezed down. Disgust curved his upper lip as he crushed the creature's windpipe with a sickening pop.

The squeals and grunts were silenced, but the monster continued to claw and squirm beneath him. He glanced up at Cassie, horrified to find her watching as he slowly decapitated the pathetic thing. Julian arrived at her side, his eyes narrowed as they met Devon's. He grasped hold of Cassie's shoulders, spinning her swiftly away.

"Julian don't!" she protested instantly, trying to wiggle her way out of his grasp. Julian held her firm though, refusing to let her turn back around, a fact that Devon was infinitely grateful for. She didn't need to see this. "Let me go!"

Julian's gaze remained focused on Devon, insolent and cold as he continued to hold her. Fresh rage tore through Devon as he took note of Julian's hands resting so comfortably, possessively, upon her. With a growl of fury, he twisted the creature's head to the side, yanking it sharply back. Its head gave way with a sickening crunch and horrendous tearing sound.

Devon tossed the head aside as he leapt to his feet, no longer caring about the Halfling, only caring about Cassie. Julian stared defiantly back at him for a moment, his chin tilted proudly, a sneer curving his upper lip. Fury flared through Devon as he took a step toward them, prepared to kill Julian if it came down to it. Julian glanced at Cassie, his eyes warming slightly as he squeezed her shoulder gently, his hand lingered briefly upon her shoulder before falling reluctantly away. Devon hesitated for a moment unsure what was going on between them, what had happened to them both, and why they were together. Unsure how to take this strange turn of events.

Then, Cassie turned slowly toward him. She stared silently up at him, her eyes wide and searching, as tears simmered in her ruby colored eyes. Her lower lip trembled slightly as she reached shakily toward him, seemingly afraid that he might disappear. He knew exactly how she felt; this was far too dreamlike and wonderful to be real. Far too unexpected after the weeks of uncertainty and terror. He was afraid that if he did touch her, she would disappear and all of this would prove to be some sort of torturous dream. He didn't think he could take that if it happened.

Yet, he couldn't stop himself; he needed to touch her, needed to feel her again. He had to know if this was real. Had to know if she was real. Unable to take one more second of their separation, he seized hold of her shaking fingers. Relief and awe pooled through him, the tight knot in his chest eased as his hand clenched upon hers, savoring in the silken, solid feel of her skin. Her fingers clenched tight upon him, her nails dug into his skin, but he didn't care. He didn't care about anything now that he had found her again, now that he was touching her again. A small sob escaped her as he pulled her forward a step.

"Cassie," he breathed reverently.

Wrapping his arms around her, he pulled her against him, wonder filling him as his hand tightened in her tangled hair. She felt so wonderful, so warm, and alive, and solid. And in his arms again, where she belonged, where she would always belong. He fought back the tears of relief that threatened to fall. More tears escaped her; she clung tighter to him, her small fingers digging into his back. She was the most magnificent thing he had ever felt, the most wonderful thing he had ever hoped to feel. Closing his eyes, he pulled her tighter against him, burying his face in her silky hair.

"Cassie," he groaned, clinging tighter to her as her sobs increased and she tried even harder to get closer to him.

"I was beginning to fear I would never see you again!" she moaned, her slender frame shaking with the force of her tears. "I was afraid I'd lost you!"

He pulled slightly back from her, wanting only to look at her again, but the moment he saw her cherished face he knew he couldn't stop himself. He cupped her face tightly, gently wiping the tears from her cheeks as he bent his head to hers. She gasped slightly, and then a small moan of pleasure escaped her as he seized hold of her mouth, taking fierce possession of it.

Her arms wrapped around his neck, her fingers entangled in his hair as she held him tight. He had never forgotten how wonderful and right she felt, but the memories of their last touch paled in comparison to actually holding her again. She eagerly met his kiss, her tongue entwining with his, her body melding to his. He lifted her up, crushing her against him as he cradled the back of her head gently, savoring in everything about her.

He wanted more of her, needed more of her. He had nearly lost her; he had been without her for so long that he was on the brink of losing complete control now that he had her again. He was closer to completely snapping and changing her than he ever had been before. If he changed her, he would never have to lose her again; never have to part from her again. He would be able to find her anywhere, and she would be immortal, safe from death, and far stronger than she was now. He pulled away from her, his head dropping into the hollow of her neck as he struggled to keep his wildly swaying emotions, and body, under control.

He didn't care that they were standing in a road, in the middle of nowhere. He didn't care that at his back was the man who had once been his best friend, but was now his greatest enemy. He didn't even care that there was an unknown amount of monsters in the woods around them. All he cared about was holding her, touching her, possessing her. All he cared about was having her with him again. All he wanted was to taste her again, to savor in her blood to join with her, and to feel her in every possible way.

Her hands cradled his face gently as she pulled slowly away from him. Her fingers stroked over his cheeks as she gently kissed him once more, her soft lips lingering on his as she tried to ease the tension within him. She had always known him so well, always known when the beast inside was on the verge of taking control, always known how to soothe him and comfort him, and she did so now. "I love you," she whispered, her mouth brushing lightly against his. "So very much."

He kissed her again, cradling her neck softly as he struggled to control the monster inside of him. "I love you."

His body pulsed with excitement as she opened her eyes to his. They were the spectacular violet blue color that he remembered and loved so dearly. "Your eyes aren't red anymore," he whispered, surprised and baffled by the sudden change.

She grinned up at him as he wiped a few streaks of blood from her delicate cheeks. Even dirty and bedraggled she was the most exquisite thing he had ever seen. "Neither are yours."

Devon blinked in surprise. It had been almost two weeks since his eyes had been normal. Two long weeks since he'd had enough control over himself to keep the demon inside him securely locked away. It had been weeks since he had not seen the bright red eyes of a monster staring back at him whenever he caught a glimpse of his reflection. Her presence alone made him more of a man, and less of a monster. She made the man in him stronger, and more stable, than the demon that constantly lurked beneath his surface always wanting to break free.

He wondered if his presence helped to do the same thing for her. But why would her eyes be red when she was still in complete control of herself? Why would her eyes be red if her body wasn't trying to turn into something else? What had been done to her? Where had she been? He wondered fearfully as he continued to stroke her face, savoring in the delicious feel of her. It had been far too long since he had been able to touch her, hold her; smell her. He just hoped that she had not been gone from him for too long, that she had not been changed beyond repair; that she was the same Cassie he had lost.

Though, he knew that he could not expect her to be the same. He didn't know what had been done to her, but from the looks of her now, she had been through hell and back. He inhaled deeply, anger spiking through him as he caught the scent of her blood. It was not the same sweet scent that he remembered. There was something different about it. Something tangy and wrong. And beneath it all, he could smell Julian.

He tried to control his emotions, tried to keep them hidden from her, but jealousy and rage were beginning to fill him once more. What the hell had they done to her in there? What had they given her to cause her blood to smell so off, and her eyes to change without her losing control of herself? Why did he smell Julian on her? Was it because they had been together, or had something more been done?

He glanced at Julian, his eyes narrowing slightly as he studied him. Julian remained impassive; his face a mask of indifference, but Devon could sense the underlying tension and pain running through him. Julian was trying to be stoic, but it was obvious that whatever had happened with them, Julian had also been changed by it.

Cassie's fingers stroked lightly over his cheeks, drawing his attention back to her. She smiled at him so beautifully that he forgot all about the strange scent clinging to her, and his worry over Julian. All he could think about now was her, and how wonderful it was to have her again, to hold her again. All he could do was hope that he could ease whatever torment she had been through, and that she could forgive him for losing her in the first place.

"We should probably get off the street," she said softly.

He couldn't help but grin at her as he pulled her close, kissing her nose gently. "Yes."

He wrapped his arms around her before stooping to pick her swiftly up. She didn't make a sound as she entwined her arms around his neck, snuggling closer. Her breath was warm against his skin, her body fit perfectly against his as she buried her face against him.

Devon turned back to the group standing outside the SUV, watching silently. Melissa was crying softly, Luther's arm was wrapped tightly around her. Liam and Annabelle were standing with their arms around each other. Chris had moved slightly forward, his mouth parted in surprise, a questioning look was on his face. Devon studied Chris for a moment, not liking the confusion that filled his face. It brought his doubts and fears about Cassie sharply back to the forefront.

Cassie lifted her head from his shoulder, blinking tiredly. He could feel the utter exhaustion that radiated from her. "You are coming with us," she said softly, her gaze not focused upon him, but on Julian.

Devon tensed, his hands tightened upon her. "Cassie," he hissed.

She looked up at him, her eyes dark and worried. "He's coming with us Devon," she said forcefully. "He is my friend and I will not leave him here."

Devon couldn't stop the fierce bolt of jealousy and confusion that ripped through him. What the hell were they doing together, and just what the hell had happened between them, and to them, for her to want Julian to stay with her? "I'm coming," Julian replied firmly.

Devon glanced sharply at him, his nostrils flared as fury boiled through him. Cassie may think that they were "friends" but it was more than apparent from the look in Julian's eyes that he thought more, or at least wanted more. Devon shifted her slightly, wanting to get her away from the want and need in Julian's eyes. Then Julian looked up at him, and though he sensed envy in him, Devon didn't sense any malice. Not like there used to be.

"And her?" Devon growled, nodding at Dani.

Cassie moved to look around him, her body stiffened in anger and distrust. Julian turned toward Dani, his eyes narrowed as animosity blazed forth. "She's coming too, we need answers," Julian snarled bitterly.

Dani looked worriedly at all of them, fear evident in her gold streaked hazel eyes. Then she looked toward the woods and took a step closer to Julian. "I'm coming with you," she said softly.

"You didn't have a choice," Julian assured her, his voice as cold as ice.

"Be nice," Cassie said softly. "She did get us out of there."

"She also helped to put us in there."

Cassie bit on her bottom lip as she nodded slowly. "Can we go please?"

"Anything you desire," Devon assured her, striding past the two of them. He just wanted to get her the hell out of there, and somewhere safe. He wanted answers, and he never wanted to let her out of his arms again. He strode swiftly toward the rest of the group, not bothering to look back at Julian and Dani.

CHAPTER 2

Cassie clung tight to Devon, refusing to release him as she sat cradled within his lap. She was exhausted but she was afraid to go to sleep. She was petrified that this would all turn out to be a dream, and that she would awaken in that cramped cell again. She shifted on Devon's lap, her hand curled tighter into his shirt as she pressed against him, trying to assure herself that this was real, that he was real.

His chest was solid beneath her hand, slightly cooler under his shirt. His hard muscles rippled against her as he shifted, his hand entangled in her hair, holding her close. But she still could not bring herself to believe that it was real. She glanced up at the hard contour of his jaw, noting the dark bristles that lined it. He had always been clean shaven, but it was obvious that he was wearing a few days worth of growth now.

He was just as magnificent as she remembered though. Just as hard and handsome and wonderful. He was her entire world, her everything. His presence filled the hole that had been ever present since she had been ripped away from him and placed in that horrendous cell. He made her complete. He was everything good and right and just in her.

He looked down at her, his beautiful emerald eyes warming with love as he shifted her slightly, pulling her tighter against him to drop a gentle kiss on top of her forehead. Cassie cuddled up closer to him, meeting his lips for a brief, sweet kiss that she wished was so much more. She wanted out of this cramped vehicle, and she desperately wanted some time alone with him.

Not that she wasn't grateful to see her friends also, because she was, especially Chris and Annabelle, as she'd feared that they were dead. Feared that Dani had done something awful to them, but they were here before her, alive and healthy. Tears filled her eyes as she stared at the back of Chris's blond head. He had always been her best friend, her rock, her anchor in the world, but it was Devon that she needed now, and in a way that she never had before. She had been kidnapped, tortured, brutalized and changed in ways she didn't even know. She needed his goodness and caring and unconditional love more than anything right now. She trailed a finger under his jaw, relishing in the very real feel of his coarse hair against her skin. Loving the way his black hair fell across his magnificent face, loving the way it outlined the gorgeous contours of his refined features.

Reluctantly she turned her attention away from him as the SUV made a right hand turn onto a strangely deserted street. Her eyebrows drew together as she frowned in confusion. Though it was still dark out, the sun would be coming up soon. There should be at least a few people moving around. Some lights should be on in the windows as people brewed their morning coffee, showered, and dressed for work.

Her frown deepened as she sat slowly up. Devon's hands tightened briefly on her but when she made no move to pull away he relaxed. "What is going on around here?" she asked quietly as they drove down another deserted street.

"We don't know," Chris answered, his sapphire gaze worried and questioning as he turned toward her. Cassie frowned at him. He had been staring at her strangely ever since she had gotten into the vehicle. He had hugged her, had even shed a few tears, but he had not stopped looking at her as if he didn't understand her, or even know who she was.

"Where are we going?"

"The General store," Melissa answered a small quiver in her voice.

Cassie frowned as she bit hard on her bottom lip. "We're staying here? We're staying in this town?" she demanded, unable to keep the tremble of panic from her voice.

"It will be ok," Devon said gently, rubbing her arms as he tried to soothe her.

She turned back to him, her heart hammering in fear. "No, those people are here! Those people and those things are in this town! We can't stay here! They'll take us back there if they find us! We can't go back in there!"

She was nearly shrieking by the time she was done, and shaking so fiercely that her teeth were chattering together. "Cassie..."

"No!" she screamed. Clawing terror seized hold of her. A sense of impending doom settled over her, her chest constricted so tightly that she could hardly breathe. She was gasping, choking, as she tried to get air into her tortured lungs.

Devon kept hold of her as she tried to get away; she needed to be free of the vehicle and the pressing weight on her chest. Julian leaned over him, grasping hold of her chin and pulling her head forcefully toward him. "Enough princess!" he snapped as Devon released a ferocious growl that caused the hair on the back of her neck to stand on end.

"Get your hand off of her!" Devon spat.

Julian chose to ignore him as he continued to hold onto her. "We are not going back there. I promise you that much, we are never going back in there. They will never touch you again. You need to keep yourself under control because we have got to learn what is going on here. We need to know what they were trying to do to us down there, and what they have done to this town."

Cassie bit her lip hard, fighting back the wave of tears that filled her eyes. "Or what they did do to us," she whispered, thinking of her red eyes and the strange control she'd had over herself earlier. Thinking of the shots they had injected her with that had turned her veins a different color as it seeped through her blood stream.

"Yes." Cassie sat silently for a moment, trying to breathe through the pressure that lingered in her chest. Julian's full mouth twisted into a small smile. "You survived down there, you will survive this."

Cassie nodded, a single tear slid down her face as she set her shoulders in resolve. "You're right," she whispered. "We need to know. And don't call me princess!"

He grinned at her, squeezing her chin briefly before retreating to the far back of the vehicle. Everyone stared at her in stunned silence, and then their gazes darted briefly toward Julian. She could sense their confusion and uncertainty, sense the questions rolling through them, but no one said a word. She turned slowly toward Devon, hating the stunned, wounded look in his eyes. She squeezed his hand tightly, looking to reassure him and ease his fears, but she wasn't sure she succeeded.

Devon was her heart, but he was going to have to accept the fact that Julian had become her friend, and her savior, in a time when she had desperately needed both. He would have to accept the fact that she and Julian had forged a strong bond while they had been held captive, and that Julian owned a piece of her heart now. A piece that still confused her, and one that she didn't understand. Julian was more than her friend, she cared for him deeply. Their bond had become so strong that she thought of Julian as good of a friend as Chris and Melissa, and she needed him in her life as much as she needed them.

Though, she didn't want Devon to know right now about the fact that Julian had kissed her. He would destroy Julian if he learned that, and she could not allow that to happen. Especially since it had been her fault for allowing the kiss to happen. At the time she had been confused about her feelings toward Julian. She knew that Devon possessed her heart and soul, but Julian had become a big part of her life, and she loved him. But she could never love him like she loved Devon, and although she had doubted that, Julian never had. He had simply needed to kiss her, simply wanted the moment for himself.

She thought back to Julian's words after he had kissed her. "I know princess, I know. I just needed this."

At the time she hadn't known what he meant by that. Had not understood what he had known, but she understood now. Though she had been lost and confused, Julian had known that she would always choose Devon over him. Julian had understood that though she did love him, it was always Devon that she belonged with, and to. And although it had happened once, both she and Julian knew that it would never happen again.

Tears clogged her throat, she clung tighter to Devon. It was not a secret that she would always keep from him, and one day she would tell him, but she couldn't do so now. Now she needed Devon to trust Julian as much as she did. She couldn't lose Julian now, she had grown to trust him and love him, and she needed him to help get her through all of this. She would always need him she realized.

She had never kept anything from Devon, but this was a secret she would have to keep for a little while. At least until Devon realized that Julian was different. That Julian was no longer their enemy, nor was he the same murderous monster that had once been Devon's best friend, and had once helped Devon slaughter numerous innocents. No, this Julian was evolving, becoming someone different, becoming someone good, and trustworthy. He was learning to care for someone other than himself; he was becoming more human again and less of a monster. He had become someone that she loved and who loved her in return. He would do anything to keep her safe, and she would also do the same for him.

Even if the person she had to keep him safe from was Devon.

Cassie squeezed Devon's hand again, seeking reassurance as she leaned her head against his chest to savor in the scent of him. His hand entangled in her hair, crushing her to him with a desperation that left her breathless, and on the verge of tears. She ached for the loss and confusion and terror that he had gone through. Ached for the turmoil and confusion she sensed boiling through him. He bent his head to her, his lips pressed gently against her forehead, her cheek, before finally resting against her neck.

She felt the rapid increase of his tension, felt the hunger that surged through him. Cassie closed her eyes; her body tingled with excitement as she felt the hot press of his teeth against her skin. She wished fervently that they were not here, that they were not ensnared in this unending horror. She wished that they were alone so that she could truly enjoy his presence, his love, his strength.

Wished that they were alone so she could reassure Devon that it was him she was in love with.

Cassie's eyes flew open as the vehicle came to a stop. Her hands tightened upon him as a fresh wave of panic threatened to consume her. She needed to be strong now, she had to be strong. Taking a deep breath, she pulled slowly away. He kept hold of her hand as she rose up to look at the large red general store. "Why are we here?" Dani inquired, her eyes darting nervously around the deserted street.

"Supplies," Luther answered briskly.

"Julian and I will go in first."

Cassie's hand tightened around Devon's as her eyes flew wildly to him. They had just found each other again; she wasn't ready to part with him yet. "I'm coming with you," she said forcefully.

"Cassie..."

She shook her head, brushing aside the strands of hair that fell across her eyes. "No, I'm coming with you."

Devon glanced wearily at the store then back at her. "She'll be fine; she's been through far worse than this. Now let's get going, the sun is coming up," Julian said briskly. "Luther open the back door."

Luther sat in stunned silence for a moment, Devon's hand tightened on hers as they all slowly turned their attention back to her. Cassie found herself staring defiantly back at them, her eyes narrowed, her chin tilted up. She knew she was not the Cassie that had been taken from them, that she had changed, but she was getting really tired of their strange, questioning looks. She may be tougher now, but at heart she was still the same person. Well, mostly, there were a few changes that were frightening and unsettling. Changes she wasn't sure she would ever understand. She wasn't even sure that she wanted to.

Luther sighed softly before leaning forward to push the button inside of the glove box, popping open the back door. Julian slid out the back and slammed the door behind him. Devon hesitated for a moment longer, but Cassie continued to cling to his hand, unwilling to let go. "Ok," he relented after a moment.

"I'm coming too," Liam said, shoving open the door and plunging into the brisk predawn air.

Cassie shivered in response. When they had fled their prison, she had been too hyped up on adrenaline and fear to really feel the cold, but now that she was safe with Devon again, the cold air seemed to pierce her to her bones. Devon slid out of the car, helping her out behind him. Cassie winced as her brutalized bare feet hit the ground. It was another thing she hadn't felt until now, but her feet were bruised, cut, and bleeding. She glanced absently down, noting that she had somehow lost the nail on her pinky toe. She shuddered in disgust, looking quickly away from the bloodied mess of her feet.

"Are you ok?" Devon demanded, anger blazing from his eyes as he looked down at her wounded feet.

She managed a wan smile as she nodded. "I heal fast, remember?"

He glanced sharply up at her, a small smile curved his full mouth but his eyes remained hard. "I remember." She grinned up at him, leaning forward to drop a soft kiss on his hard jaw. She may heal fast, but she couldn't regenerate a toenail. "I'll carry you."

He bent to pick her up but Cassie quickly shook her head, holding up her hand to ward him off. "We're both going to need to be ready in case something happens. I'm fine Devon, really."

He studied her for a moment longer, before nodding briskly. "The door is open." Cassie glanced over at Julian as he slipped through the darkened doorway. A moment of panic descended over her as he disappeared from view.

"Stay by me," Devon ordered in a low voice.

Cassie nodded as they moved forward, entering the dark store. Her eyes found Julian instantly, standing amongst the shadows as he surveyed the building. The store smelled tantalizingly of oats, honey, corn, sweet feed, and leather. The sweet scent of food caused Cassie's stomach to rumble in hungry response. Liam reached forward, searching for a light switch but Julian seized hold of his arm. "They'll see the light if you do that."

"You don't think they haven't already seen the headlights?" Liam retorted.

"The lights stay off," Devon told him.

They moved slowly into the store. Cassie glanced wildly around, her senses on high alert for any hint of danger. Although it was dark, her eyes picked up most of the details. She kept her ears trained for any hint of movement, any furtive sound that might signal the impending attack of one of the monsters that haunted this town.

They crept slowly forward, the wooden floor boards squeaking softly under their weight. They passed by the glass countertop, there was a cash register placed neatly at the end of it. Inside the countertop was an array of jewelry tucked neatly, and oddly, next to some brutal looking hunting knives. Next to the glass countertop was a large display of penny candy set off to the left, with even more candy bars set up on the wall behind it.

"Those will come in handy," Julian's eyes were latched onto a foot long bowie knife behind the glass. It was well honed and completely lethal looking.

"Good thing this is a hunting community," Liam said softly, his eyes focused on the back row of the store.

Hung neatly on the back wall was a wide assortment of crossbows and long bows. Cassie's eyes widened on the weapons, a thrill of excitement shot through her. She suddenly itched to get her hands on one of those crossbows. It had always been her favorite weapon, and she excelled at it. Devon pulled her gently to the side, leading her past rows of brown Carhartt jackets, pants and coveralls. Across from the outdoor gear was a row of sweaters, sweatshirts, and long johns.

Devon paused to tug a jacket from the hanger. He slipped it gently around her shoulders, tugging it gently into place. She hadn't realized she had been shivering until the warm material encircled her, drawing her attention to the goose bumps that covered her skin. She slipped her arms through the sleeves, relishing in the smooth inner lining and warm down that filled it. The sleeves were too big but Devon quickly rolled them back and snugged them into place.

She stared up at him, love filling her as he brushed the hair back from her face, his fingers lingered on her cheek. Cassie turned into his tender caress, so very happy to feel his touch once more. "There's some food over here," Liam said softly.

Cassie tore her attention away from Devon, her hand slipping easily into his as they moved further down the aisles. Liam and Julian were standing in the far left aisle that ran the length of the store. Freezers full of soda, ice cream, and frozen goods filled the wall. A row of canned foods, bagged foods, and junk food lined the shelves on her right.

Julian moved slowly toward the back of the store, his ice blue eyes alight in the glow from the coolers. Wide double doors opened into a large back room that was packed nearly to the ceiling with bags of animal feed. There was food for dogs and cats, but most of it consisted of cow and horse feed, with a stack of grain in the back for chickens, goats, and sheep.

"Everything you could possibly need in one little store," Liam said softly.

Cassie walked over to the back wall. The room was held up by stilts, the backyard sloped down a steep rock and dirt hill. Staring out the window, she wasn't surprised to find a mixture of tractors, mowers, trailers, and other assorted equipment in the back. There were also a few chicken coops and dog pens. Nausea twisted through her stomach, bile rose up her throat at the sight of the carnage of the animals that had once lived within those pens. They had been violently slaughtered and strewn about. Closing her eyes against the disgusting site, she turned stiffly away.

Devon came forward, resting his hands gently on her shoulders as he pulled her away. Julian walked past her to look out the window, shaking his head as his lip curled in disgust. "Disgusting, vile creatures," he muttered. "There is one thing that we don't have in this little store."

"Blood," Cassie answered for him.

"Yes."

They were silent, the three living dead staring at each other for a long, tense moment. Cassie shifted uncomfortably acutely aware of the fact that she was the only morsel in front of them. "Well, let's gather some supplies and get out of here," she said softly.

"No go. We're going to be here for awhile." Julian pointed out the window to the small ray of light breaking over the horizon. "Not all of us are lucky enough to withstand its rays."

Cassie winced at the reminder of what had been done to Julian while they had been prisoners. Their captors had exposed him to long periods of UV light to see if he could withstand it, like Devon could. Unfortunately, he couldn't, and Cassie could still see the lingering remnant of a burn at the edge of his platinum blond hair. "Aren't we?" Devon inquired in a low growl, his hands tightening briefly on Cassie's shoulders.

Cassie shot Devon a fierce look. He could not know what had happened to Julian in there, but there was no need to instigate him. Julian quirked an eyebrow in amusement, though it did little to cover the tension thrumming through him. "I may have been on this earth for a long time, but that is one trick that even I have not managed to master. Let's get the others."

He turned away, gliding gracefully back down the aisles. Cassie moved to follow him but Devon held her back. She glanced questioningly at him. His face was intense, his eyes hard. "Cassie I don't know what has happened to you, or to Julian, over the past couple of weeks. I don't know why the three of you are together." He broke off for a moment, studying her intently. Cassie knew that he wanted an explanation, but she was not ready to give him one yet. She was not ready to relive that horror right now. He sighed softly; his hands briefly stroked her arms. "I know you feel that we can trust him, but..."

"I do trust him," she interrupted fiercely. "I know it's asking a lot of you Devon, but you must trust me on this. Julian will not do anything to hurt me."

A strange look crossed his face, a flicker of hurt and worry flashed through his eyes. Her hands tightened upon him, she wished that she could make him understand, but there wasn't time for that right now. "Ok, fine" he relented. "If you trust him around your friends then I will also."

Cassie nodded, wishing she could explain everything to him, but knowing that words could never truly make him understand. "I do Devon. I trust him completely."

His eyes widened in surprise, his hands tightened briefly on her. She knew that she was confusing him, knew that he didn't understand, and that he was wounded, but she could not help it. There was no time now, and she needed him on her side. She needed him not to instigate Julian. She needed him. He stared at her for a moment longer before nodding briskly. "Then let's go."

She followed him back to the front of the store, and outside. Annabelle was standing by the SUV, her eyes rapidly searching the surrounding area before darting nervously toward the sky. "We'll be staying here for now," Julian announced.

Annabelle's shoulders slouched slightly in relief as she nodded briskly. She turned to the vehicle, throwing open the driver's side door. "Come on," she called into it.

CHAPTER 3

Cassie waited impatiently for the microwave to beep. Her frozen pizza turned slowly inside, the plate bumped every once in awhile against the sides of the machine. Her mouth watered as the scent of the bubbling cheese filled the air. Turning away, before she drove herself crazy with hunger, Cassie looked around the small room they had discovered behind the large row of candy bars.

Inside were a coffee pot, small mini fridge, and microwave. There was also a little TV and radio. Devon was fiddling with the TV, trying to find a channel, but receiving nothing. He slammed his hands off the side of it; a loud curse escaped him as he switched it off in frustration.

"Beating on it won't make the cable come back on."

Cassie glanced over her shoulder as Julian appeared in the doorway, smiling in wry amusement. His platinum hair was still damp and disheveled from washing it in the same sink that Cassie had used to clean herself up in. He had slipped on a pair of jeans, and a flannel shirt that looked completely out of place on him. Yet, he was still magnificent and gorgeous. She shook her head at him as Devon turned, scowling fiercely. "Thanks for the info. Have any more little tidbits of advice for me?" Devon snarled.

"Now now, no need to be snippy," Julian replied lightly.

Devon's scowl deepened as he rose swiftly to his feet, his body shook with frustration and anger. Cassie's eyes widened, fear boiled through her as she glanced rapidly between the two of them. Julian still appeared casual, but beneath his calm exterior she sensed a rising tension inside of him. They were both spoiling for a fight.

"Stop it," Cassie warned, stepping between the two of them. She was growing impatient with their bickering and constant baiting of one another. Devon was the first one to back down, turning away from them as the microwave beeped loudly. Cassie's mouth watered as he pulled the plate out, his eyes latching back on Julian as he handed it to her. Cassie eagerly seized hold of the plate, choosing to ignore them for the time being.

"We found a storage area," Julian informed them. "In the cellar."

Cassie blew on her steaming pizza. She was very tempted to start eating it now, and to hell with the burnt mouth, but Julian's words enticed her almost as much as the pizza did. "There's a cellar?" she inquired, in between blowing on her overheated meal.

"Yes, come on."

Cassie glanced at Devon before following Julian from the room and toward the back of the store. A large mat had been pulled back to reveal the wooden planks of the floor. In the middle of the planks was an open trap door with a single metal ring at the end of it. Everyone was gathered around the trapdoor, peering into the darkness below.

Cassie forgot about her pizza as she stepped next to Chris. The harsh scent of mildew wafted up, but nothing stirred within the dark. "I don't sense anything down there," Chris said softly.

"I don't smell any humans," Liam added. "There are rats though."

Cassie's nose wrinkled at the thought, her stomach rolled and dropped. She didn't mind most animals, but rats that weren't in a cage bothered her. "Well then, let's go down."

Julian pulled out a flashlight and flicked it on. Light pooled from it, splashing down a set of steep wooden stairs. Turning, Cassie placed her pizza on a shelf, more curious about what was beneath than her food. She followed Chris down, using the thin wooden rail as her guide, and praying that the stairs would hold their weight as they shook beneath her, feeling more wobbly than supportive.

The basement floor was hard packed dirt; the scent of mildew was stronger down here. Cassie covered her nose against the harsh smell as her stomach turned over. Julian played the flashlight around the room. The beam bounced off the old rock walls, a beaten down oil heater, and pallets loaded down with more feed. Sitting on top of the bags of feed were half a dozen rats, they paused only briefly in their eating to stare at them through the beam of light. Their eyes were bright red, their noses twitched as their tails thumped softly against the bags of grain. They squeaked their displeasure, a few of them disappearing into the dark while the braver ones refused to give up their meal.

Cassie took an involuntary step back from them. "Guess that's dinner," Julian said softly, turning the beam away from them. Cassie groaned in disgust, her stomach twisted even harder at the thought. Julian glanced back at her, his eyes bright in the flash of light. "Sorry princess, but it's true."

Cassie shot him a dark look, he merely grinned annoying back at her. Devon took hold of her hand, squeezing it gently as he pulled her a step closer to him. "There's nothing that we can use down here," Chris said.

"And it's creeping me out," Melissa muttered.

Melissa turned and hurried back up the steps, nearly bolting through the open door. Cassie was just as eager to follow her. She stepped back into the store, eagerly gulping down the fresh air. Luther glanced over from his position by the window, his glasses flashing in the small bit of sunlight that filtered through the thick curtains that had been drawn against the day.

"Anything?" he asked softly.

Cassie shook her head as she hurried back to her pizza. The rats had grossed her out, but they hadn't diminished her appetite. The others eventually filed back out, filtering slowly throughout the store. Though she sensed their exhaustion, she knew that their curiosity about what had been done to them was far stronger. She licked the lingering remnants of spaghetti sauce from her fingers, trying to stall for some more time. She was not ready to get into the details of her ordeal, not ready to relive the nightmare that she and Julian had endured. It was inevitable though, they wanted and deserved answers, and she would rather get it done sooner rather than later. Turning to face them, she braced herself for the onslaught of their questions.

Devon stood stiffly by her side, his shoulder brushing against hers as she moved. He seized hold of her hand, squeezing it gently for reassurance. Chris had taken up position on the other side of the door. Though he stared out at the street, Cassie knew his attention was focused on her. Liam and Annabelle were standing close together, Liam's arms wrapped around Annabelle's waist as he held her against his chest. Melissa and Luther watched her questioningly; Melissa's onyx eyes sad and caring. Dani was sitting with her back against the counter, her head bent, and her red streaked hair falling forward. She looked even more uncomfortable than Cassie felt.

"Are you ready to tell us what happened?" Devon inquired softly.

Cassie swallowed heavily, her gaze darting nervously around the room again. They all stared at her inquisitively, except for Julian, who was scowling at the floor with his arms folded over his chest. Julian lifted his head slowly, meeting her panicked gaze briefly before giving her a small nod of encouragement. She took strength in his steady, calming presence, knowing that she would need his help if she was going to get through this.

Licking her lips nervously, Cassie decided to just plunge in. She quickly filled them in on her capture and imprisonment. She didn't talk about the torture she had experienced in there. She kept everything simple and short. She couldn't look at them as she spoke, but remained focused on the ground until she finished, hating the anticipatory silence that filled the room when she was done.

"What did they do to you in there Cassie?" Chris asked gently, his gaze keen and inquisitive. Though his strange looks were not as common as they had been, every once in awhile she would catch him staring at her oddly.

She shook her head, unable to look at Chris again for fear she would start crying, and never stop. She didn't want him to know of her suffering, didn't want any of them to know about it. She wanted to keep them safe from it, sheltered and protected. She didn't want Chris to know how much she had changed, how much she had been hurt, or the physical and mental torment that she and Julian had endured. He was too good to have to bear that burden with her.

They all were.

She turned away from Chris, ignoring his question as she focused on Dani. "Why did you turn on us?" she asked quietly, unable to keep the hurt from her voice. She had brought Dani into her home, thought of her like a sister, and she had betrayed them all.

Dani glanced up at her; her gold flecked eyes were red and swollen from lack of sleep. The hostility within the room notched up a level as everyone focused their attention on her. "I didn't want to," she whispered miserably. "But..." she shook her head, her voice trailing off as a sob broke from her.

"My brother went to The Commission after he left town, he told them about you, all of you." Her gaze lingered briefly on Devon before turning toward Julian. Julian glowered back at her, his hands fisted, his shoulders ramrod straight. Dani turned quickly away from the hatred and malevolence in Julian's gaze. "He was my brother; I had to help him when The Commission sent him back."

They all stood silently, staring at her expectantly, but she didn't continue. "There's more to that story!" Julian spat, taking a fierce step forward.

Dani winced as she bit on her bottom lip. "Easy Julian," Devon warned in a low growl.

Julian glared at him for a moment before turning his attention back to Dani. "Either tell the truth, or I will get it from you. All I have to do is touch you, sort through the memories and pick out the ones I want. For the most part it can be painless, and the person need never know that I was there. But I vow that what I will do to you, will be anything but painless."

Dani gaped at him in horror; her eyes flew wildly around the room. Though Cassie wanted to feel pity for her, there was none. She couldn't summon the strength for forgiveness and mercy, not for Dani. "I'll destroy you if I get into your mind," Julian growled. "I'll make what they did to us in that place look like it was a day in the park!"

"Julian," Annabelle hissed, reaching for his arm in an attempt to calm him.

Julian shook her off, taking another step toward Dani. "This bitch put us in that hell hole, and one way or another she is going to tell us why!"

"Julian," Cassie said softly. Though he had shaken Annabelle off, he didn't shrug off her grasp as she seized gently hold of his arm. His reddened eyes slowly turned back to their electrifying blue as his gaze met hers. "It's ok."

He stepped back nodding slowly, though he still hummed with anger. Devon's hand tightened on Cassie's, his eyes questioning as he studied her. He wanted to know what had happened in there, wanted to know what had been done to them, and just how close her bond with Julian was. He wanted more answers than Cassie had already given him. She just wasn't ready to give them to him yet, if ever. She turned away from him, stepping in between Julian and Dani before Julian did grab hold of her. Cassie felt no forgiveness toward Dani, no sympathy, but Julian would hurt her, and they may need Dani later on. Her other friends would be safe around Julian, but Dani was fair game.

"Why did The Commission send your brother, and you, after us? Why would they even come after us?" Cassie inquired.

Dani glanced wearily up at her, the tips of her lashes were wet with unshed tears. For a moment Cassie was afraid that Dani wouldn't speak, and that they would need Julian to drag the answers from her, but she finally did. "Because of you."

Cassie blinked in surprise at Dani's soft words. Her gaze flew toward Devon as he stiffened angrily, a low growl emanating from him. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end, the resentment in the room notched up to a whole new level. Cassie glanced between him and Julian, whose eyes were a bright red again. She was growing fearful that between Devon and Julian she may not be able to keep Dani safe, and alive. She held a hand up, warding Devon back as she focused her attention on Dani.

"What do you mean?" she asked softly.

Dani glanced wearily at the hostile group surrounding her. Using the counter, she rose slowly to her feet. She looked braced for an attack. Cassie's eyes widened at the girl's behavior, her heart trip hammered with the knowledge that she was not going to like what Dani had to say. "When we were younger Joey and I came to this town. Before our Guardian was killed in The Slaughter, he told Joey about this town, and to come here if something ever happened. The Commission took us in, kept us with them after The Slaughter, and helped us to survive until we were ready to go out on our own. They also taught us about our heritage."

Cassie stared at her, a growing feeling of unease and queasiness moved through her body. They were just beginning to scratch the surface of Dani's betrayal, and already Cassie wasn't sure she wanted to hear anymore. Dani had lied to them from the beginning; she and Joey had led them all to believe that they had been completely on their own after The Slaughter. That no one had helped them as they had struggled to survive on the streets. Cassie didn't know why Dani had kept this a secret, but she was certain she wasn't going to like the reasons behind it.

"Why did you lie to us about your childhood?" Melissa asked softly.

Dani licked her lips, shifting nervously as her gaze settled on the door. She looked as if she wanted to bolt. "When The Commission eventually sent us out in search of other Hunters and Guardians they told us not to let them know about this town. At least not until they knew if we could trust them. There was no way of knowing how The Slaughter had affected people, and how they now felt about The Commission. They never suspected anything like what we discovered with you and Devon; no one ever thought a Hunter and a vampire would fall in love. It was unthinkable. Unheard of.

"I never thought it was wrong," Dani breathed. "I thought your relationship was special, different; good."

Her eyes darted over the two of them, before glancing briefly at Julian. His lip curled into a snarl, his eyes darkened as he glowered at her. Cassie was irritated by the confusion and doubt she sensed from Dani, but then again Dani had witnessed Julian kissing her. And though Cassie knew what that kiss had meant Dani had no way of knowing. "It is," Cassie said softly.

Dani shot her a questioning look. Cassie met her gaze head on refusing to be judged by the girl that had nearly gotten her killed, and had gotten her tortured. "The Commission also wanted us to make sure that any of The Hunter's we met was not The Hunter's that have nothing," Dani continued.

Cassie started in surprise, stunned and completely mystified by her strange words. "The ones who have nothing?" Luther inquired a sharp edge to his voice.

Dani nodded slowly, she swallowed heavily. "The evil ones amongst us. The Hunters that turn."

Horror rolled through Cassie, she took an involuntary step back as Dani's gaze darted to her. Devon stopped her backward momentum, resting his hand in the hollow of her back as he sought to steady and comfort her. Cassie turned into him, needing his comfort more than anything right now. His arms wrapped tight around her as she rested her head against his chest, taking solace in his solid presence.

Luther released the curtain he had been holding as he took an angry step toward Dani. "The evil ones? Are you mad?"

Dani shook her head fervently. "No, it's true! There are evil ones amongst us, and Cassie is one of them!" Devon hissed sharply, his hands tightened almost painfully upon her. Dani shook her head quickly, her hair flying around her as she took a frightened step back. "Or that's what I believed anyway. It's what I was told from the time I was a child!

"They said that the ones with no power would eventually turn into mindless monsters that sought to destroy everything in their path! When I first met Cassie I didn't believe what they had said, I thought that they had lied to me, or that they had been wrong. I thought that there was no way she could turn against someone, no way she'd hurt someone, and then..."

"And then you saw me kill Isla," Cassie said softly when Dani trailed off. Her mind flashed back to that night, and the overwhelming anger and hatred that had consumed her. She had been a monster that night, and if it hadn't been for Devon she very well could have been lost to the rage trying to overtake her. "And you were scared."

Dani's lower lip began to tremble, and despite her best intentions not to have it happen, Cassie felt her heart softening toward the girl. "Yes, and I thought that they had been right. I knew then that there was something wrong with you, and I was so very frightened that one day you would hurt one of us."

"And you called your brother?" Luther inquired his voice tight with anger and disbelief.

"Yes. When Joey left me behind, he went back to the people that had helped to raise us. He came back here."

Horror curdled through Cassie as the true depth of Dani's betrayal set in. "He didn't leave you behind because you actually wanted to stay. He left you behind to spy on us."

Panic flared through Dani as her eyes darted wildly around. Though she appeared to be looking for an escape, they all knew that there wasn't one for her. Her mouth opened and closed, her eyes rolled wildly in her head. She looked like a crazed horse that had been trapped and cornered. The only difference was that Cassie would have sympathy for the horse; she had none for this girl.

"Well!?" Chris shouted causing Dani to jump in surprise.

"Yes," she admitted in a strangled voice.

Chris sneered at her, his eyes raked her with disgust. Melissa remained unmoving, her face hard though her eyes narrowed minutely. Luther cursed loudly as he slammed his fist into the sill. "We trusted you!" he exploded.

Cassie jumped in surprise, more rattled by Luther's lack of composure than Dani's admission. Luther was always stoic, he was almost robotically in control of his anger. "Luther," Melissa said softly.

Luther scowled at her as he turned on his heel, pacing restlessly back to the window. He cast one last scathing glare at Dani before turning his attention to the day beyond. "What happened when you called your brother?" Cassie inquired, surprised by how composed her voice still was.

Dani swallowed nervously, her hands clenched tightly before her. Though she knew that she was surrounded by people that hated her, she seemed to have regained her composure. "The Commission has grown stronger over the years; some lost members have even been relocated. They have been working here for many years doing new research."

Dani broke off; her gaze focused on her hands. She was twisting them back and forth in what had to be a painful manner. "They were trying to create more Hunter's!" Chris gasped, taking a startled step back as the realization sank in.

Cassie shuddered, burying her face in Devon's chest for a moment as she tried to retain her swiftly unraveling composure. "Yes," Dani said softly. "Our race needs to be rebuilt before it is completely extinguished. Otherwise there will be no protection for the human race against the vampire's."

"We are not all monster's you know," Liam grated.

Dani nodded, her hands turning red as she continued to twist them. "I know that, but for the most part, you are."

Liam glared at her for a moment longer, drawing Annabelle closer to him. "In order to create new Hunter's you need vampires. That's why I was captured," Julian deduced.

Cassie lifted her head as Julian began to pace restlessly back and forth, running his hand through his hair. He was like a caged tiger ready to snap, but he had to stay in control for awhile longer. They needed more answers, and as much as she had grown to despise Dani, she could not allow Julian to kill her while in a state of rage. Cassie truly believed he was trying to better himself, and killing Dani was not the way to do it.

"Yes," Dani admitted. "And they also needed you for your power. They tried using younger vamps, but it didn't work out well. The Commission felt that if they could get their hands on an Elder, it might make a difference. They felt that might be the key that they were missing in order to get the combination of human and vampire blood right." Julian shot her a fierce glare, his eyes momentarily flaring red.

"And they couldn't take Devon, they couldn't be sure that they would be able to keep his ability for mind control locked down. And they didn't know if they could keep him under control, especially..." She broke off, her gaze darted to Cassie. "Especially since they didn't think they would be able to control Devon with Cassie around. So they took Julian."

Devon's hands had tightened on Cassie; his attention was focused on Julian, who looked about ready to rip the store apart with his bare hands. Cassie clung to Devon, fighting back the shudder of terror and dread that wanted to shake her. Devon rested his cheek against her hair. "Breathe love, just breathe."

She hadn't even realized she had stopped breathing until that moment. It exploded out of her, leaving her shaken and on the verge of tears. They wouldn't have been able to control Devon in there. He would have lost complete control of himself if he had seen what they did to her every day, seen what they had put her through. And they probably would have destroyed him. The thought left her hollow, cold, barely able to breathe as she held him against her, trying not to shed the tears in her eyes.

"But they couldn't figure it out," Dani continued in a shaky voice, watching them wearily. "Everyone knew that The Hunters had been created from vampires, but no one knew how, and no matter how hard they tried, they couldn't get the combination right."

Cassie inhaled sharply, her fingers dug deeper into Devon's arm. He held her gently, his hands rubbing over her as he tried to put some heat back into her suddenly chilled body. "So they ended up creating monsters," Cassie whispered. "They created the monster's that are running loose in this town right now?"

"Yes, but they didn't mean to. They were trying to do right; they were trying to protect people."

Cassie stared at her in disbelief, her mouth suddenly dry, and her heart thumping loudly in her chest. "How did I not know anything about this?" Luther demanded fiercely. "Why had I never heard about the other Hunter's like Cassie, but you were told about them?"

Dani was silent for a moment, she licked her lips nervously. "It was only The Commission that knew about the ones with no powers, and what they could become. They kept it hidden from the other Guardians."

"Why would they do that?" Melissa asked softly.

"To limit the liability," Luther answered his voice full of horror at the realization. "The Commission could take out The Hunter without having to deal with a fight from their Guardian. And most Guardians would put up a fight against them; they would die to protect their Hunter. But if The Guardians weren't informed about the dangers that the lack of abilities might hold, then The Commission could make the death or disappearance of The Hunter look accidental; they could blame it on vampires. Their Guardian's never had to know what had really happened to them."

Cassie's stomach rolled, nausea swept through her. She clung tighter to Devon, needing his strength and support. Melissa looked like she was going to cry as her shimmering onyx eyes met Cassie's. No one spoke; Cassie didn't think any of them could find the words after Luther's observation.

"That's why some of the people in this town are simply gone, and others have been viciously murdered," Annabelle whispered. "The ones that were taken, and experimented on, have come back to hunt the innocents. And the other people in this town were members of The Commission, Guardian's, or Hunter's and they were down there with you."

Dani bit hard on her trembling bottom lip. "There were a few escapes before tonight," she admitted.

"And tonight all hell broke loose," Julian muttered.

"Yes."

"How many escaped?"

Dani shook her head, looking completely helpless and out of sorts. "I don't know how many were down there to begin with, or how many were able to break free."

Everyone was silent as they digested this new tidbit of information. "What happened there tonight?" Luther inquired.

Dani shook her head. "I don't know for sure, they had been having problems with the security. Those things weren't as easily drugged as the two of you." Devon's hands twitched on Cassie as he glanced sharply down at her. She shook her head, not wanting to go into the details of that place right now. Not wanting to recall it at all, but knowing that it would haunt her for the rest of her life. "They were too crazed, too wild and unstable to be suppressed so easily. But I thought that they were getting it under control."

"Why didn't they just destroy them? Why were they keeping them alive?" Luther demanded.

Dani simply shrugged, her mouth opened and closed briefly before she shook her head helplessly. "They wanted to try and use them, wanted to try and gain control of them somehow."

Cassie shuddered as Chris swore violently. Luther and Melissa simply gaped at Dani, shock and horror on their faces. Liam and Annabelle remained unmoving, as still as stone as they clung to each other. "And you call us monster's!?" Julian spat, his fury nearly palpable in the room. "In all of my long lifetime I have never leveled an entire town!"

Dani was shaking now, tears streamed down her face. "I didn't know what was going on there, what they were trying to do! I trusted them, they helped to raise me. They kept me safe and alive during a time when Joey and I had no one. I thought that I was doing good!"

Dani's voice broke on a sob; she hugged her arms tight around her middle. "Why was that place built in the bottom of a school?" Cassie asked quietly, hoping her tone would help to keep Dani and everyone else calmer.

"It's under a school?" Chris demanded sharply.

Cassie shot him a censuring look as she shook her head. There was enough anger and animosity in this room right now without adding to it. "Yes," Cassie informed him. "Dani?"

Dani shook her head, tears streamed silently down her cheeks. "It was originally a bomb shelter that was built in the late forties. They had decided that it would be a good place to turn into a laboratory, to keep all of their records, and a good place to hide just in case something should happen. It is where they hid during The Slaughter. After The Slaughter they began to gather as many Hunter's and members of The Commission here as they could. The school was built on top of it in the sixties because they felt it was a good cover for what was hidden beneath the foundation."

Cassie simply stared hard at her for a moment, her stomach rolling and heaving, her extremities felt like ice. She was well aware of the fact that The Commission had taken up base in the U.S. during World War II. They had fled England when it was being bombed on a regular basis, and it became too risky to stay in Europe any longer. They had taken up residence in the U.S. but no one, outside of The Commission, had known the exact location of where they had escaped to. Now they had all stumbled across that location by incredible misfortune.

"How long have they been doing experiments down there?" Cassie managed in a choked voice.

Dani glanced swiftly over them, her eyes full of horror and terror. "Since the beginning," she whispered. "But they became more frequent after The Slaughter."

There was a collective inhalation of breaths, a stunned silence hung heavy in the air. "So it was only a matter of time before all hell broke loose," Luther muttered, turning sharply on his heel to stare back out the window. "I was always proud of what I was..." he broke off shaking his head in disgust. "Now it makes me sick."

Cassie's heart ached for Luther, but there were no words that would help him feel better. No words that would help any of them feel better about what they were hearing. "So this town was built around The Commission, these people are mainly here, or were here, for The Commissions purposes?" Devon asked softly.

Dani was silent for a moment before nodding slowly. "Yes," she whispered.

Cassie choked softly, bile rose rapidly up her throat as horror threatened to consume her. Devon's hold on her tightened, he pressed her firmly against his chest, his hands entwining in her hair as he kissed her forcefully. "Did the people know?" Melissa asked softly.

"I don't think so," Dani whispered. "Very few were ever taken into the laboratory, until recently, and I'm sure The Commission went for people outside of this town as well."

"I'd like to kill you myself," Chris muttered in revulsion.

Cassie didn't disagree with him. "How involved in this were you?" Julian asked softly.

Dani shook her head. "This is the town where we stayed after our parents were killed; I even went to the school until eighth grade. That was when The Commission decided to send Joey out in search of other Hunter's and Guardian's, but I didn't know about the laboratory until recently."

Cassie's stomach was twisted into a tight knot; she was having a hard time breathing through the horror constricting her chest. She glanced up at Devon, trying not to lose control of her emotions and temper. Dani's betrayal had almost cost Cassie and Julian their lives. It had almost cost her Devon and her friends. If she allowed her anger to grow, Cassie was fairly certain that she may very well kill Dani.

"Where do I come in on all of this?" Cassie asked quietly, knowing that she didn't want to hear the answer, but having to ask the question.

Dani's lip trembled as she glanced guiltily at Cassie. "I thought that you would hurt one of us," she whispered. "So I told The Commission about you. I didn't know what else to do."

"Talk to one of us. Tell us your fears!" Devon exploded. Cassie grabbed hold of him as he took an angry step toward Dani, truly fearing that he would hurt her, if not kill her. He stopped moving but his eyes flared bright red. "You could have come to us. We saved your worthless life. It would have been far better if I had just let Julian rip your throat out when he had the chance!"

"I second that," Julian muttered, drawing a sharp look from Cassie.

"Devon stop. Julian, don't egg him on," Cassie warned.

"I thought I was doing a good thing!" Dani wailed. "I helped them capture Julian because he was our enemy! I was helping to rid the world of him. And they... and they told me that they could help Cassie," she said brokenly. "They promised me that they wouldn't hurt her, and that they could make her better. They promised me she would be returned afterward. I didn't know what they were going to do to you Cassie, I really didn't! I never would have done it if I had known!"

Dani broke off, tears rolling freely down her face as she looked at the hostile faces surrounding her. Devon's grip on Cassie had tightened; his body was as taut as a bowstring. She knew that if he had not been holding her, he would have gone after Dani, and he would have killed her.

"I am sorry," Dani whimpered.

"Ok fine," Cassie said after a few moments. "Let's say you really did want to help me, and you didn't know what they were going to do. What I want to know is why they were so interested in me, why didn't they just kill me?"

Dani glanced toward the window, her brow furrowed slightly. "Because you were somehow able to survive, you were somehow able to control the darkness inside you after you killed Isla. You were able to come back from it when that darkness tried to claim you."

"But that was only because Devon helped me back," Cassie said softly.

Dani shook her head as her attention returned to Cassie. "They didn't know that for sure though. They had to take a chance that you might be able to come back on your own."

Cassie closed her eyes, fighting against the frustration and confusion that was threatening to pull her under. "But they kept me drugged in there; they never let me lose control. They never gave me a chance to try and come back on my own."

"No, you were too valuable to them. If you lost control, you might be able to break free of the drug induced stupor like the others had. But if they could keep the human in you calm, they could try to discover the secret of what made you work. What makes you only rarely volatile? And could they make you stronger, but still allow you to control it?"

A strange new sensation began to creep through Cassie's stomach. There was an awful ringing in her ears. She recalled all the blood they had taken from her, the stuff they had injected her with. What had they been trying to do to her?

"What did they give me in there? What were they trying to prove with those injections?" she whispered, her voice choked and hoarse.

Dani's eyes were wide and terrified as she glanced nervously around the room, seemingly unwilling to answer Cassie's question. Devon turned slowly toward Cassie, his eyebrows furrowed tightly as he stared hard at her. His eyes traveled slowly over her body, his eyes turning a fiery red. His nostrils flared suddenly and she could almost feel him inhaling her scent. Confusion emanated from him as he clung to her.

Ice ran through Cassie's veins in the face of Dani's petrified expression and the strange shaking that was suddenly taking hold of Devon. Dani glanced wearily back at Julian again before focusing her attention on Cassie and Devon once more. "They wanted to see how much blood you could handle," Dani whispered. "How much vampire blood you could take. Julian's blood."

"That explains it," Chris breathed.

Cassie's gaze swung wildly toward him, he was staring at her with dawning, horrified comprehension. His eyes were wide and frightened. Cassie opened her mouth to question him, but before she could say anything, all hell broke loose.

CHAPTER 4

"Son of a bitch!" Devon roared, releasing Cassie as rage flared hotly through him, completely encompassing him in its grip.

Cassie tried to grasp hold of him again, fearful of what he might do, but he had already moved swiftly out of her reach. Grabbing hold of the glass countertop, he lifted it as if it weighed no more than a feather, and flipped it off of the back wall. It crashed loudly off the wall, metal twisted as glass shattered. Cassie flinched, jumping back as glass scattered around her feet, and bounced off of the mountain boots she had found. Knives, jewelry, and other assorted miscellaneous clattered loudly as it splayed across the floor.

Devon stormed forward, fury radiated from him as he went straight at Dani. Dani let out a frightened cry, her face turned white as she scrambled to get out of his way. Liam and Chris moved to intercept Devon's murderous rampage, knocking Devon back a few feet as he reached for her. Dani let out a terrified scream, ducking low as she darted behind Luther and Melissa.

"Devon calm down! Devon!" Liam shouted trying to stop him as Devon seized hold of a rack of winter hats and gloves.

Melissa cried out, darting to the side as the rack sailed at her head. Annabelle scurried to help Liam, glancing anxiously at Cassie, but Cassie found that she couldn't move. Dani's words were just beginning to fully sink in. They had given her Julian's blood! They had pumped her full of vampire blood! Maybe that was the reason she felt so connected to Julian now, but although that idea sounded reasonable, it didn't feel right. She felt a bond with Julian because they had formed a strong bond while being held captive together. It had nothing to do with his blood, and everything to do with the man that she had come to know.

Liam grabbed hold of Devon's arm, trying to hold him back. Devon swung him forward, slamming him into the wall with a resounding thud that shook the store as he seized hold of Liam's throat. A picture fell somewhere in the distance, glass shattered as it hit the floor. Windows rattled in their frames as Liam's feet kicked against the wall, his face turning bright red as Devon squeezed harder. It appeared that Devon wanted to rip his head right off.

Chris launched himself at Devon's back, trying to pull him off, but Devon flung him away as if he weighed no more than a feather. Cassie gasped in horror as Chris skidded across the floor; he smashed into a rack of magazines, knocking it over. He pawed at the rack, shoving it off of him and tossing it away. Melissa rushed to his side, helping him to his feet as Devon slammed Liam off the wall again.

"Devon no!" Annabelle screamed her voice filled with terror as she raced over to try and pull Devon off of Liam. "No, stop! Cassie! Cassie help me!"

It was the utter panic in Annabelle's voice that finally snapped Cassie out of her shocked stupor. Horror filled her as she realized the extent of Devon's rampage. He would kill everyone in this room if he wasn't stopped. Liam being his first victim, and if he killed Liam, Annabelle was as good as gone too.

Cassie raced forward, grabbing hold of Devon's arm as she tried to pull him away from Liam. "Devon stop! Devon please!"

Tears streamed down Annabelle's face as she continued to pull uselessly at Devon's arm. They were both as effective as gnats. Pure panic began to tear through Cassie. She had no idea how she was going to get Devon off of Liam, and although Liam did not require air, his eyes were beginning to bulge from his head.

"Devon!" she screamed in his ear, but he did not seem to hear her through the bloodlust consuming him.

And then it hit her, bloodlust.

He was in the throes of it, and what he wanted most was blood. And the blood he wanted more than anything was her blood.

Cassie released him, darting back toward the ruined counter in search of one of the knives. She fell to her knees as she scrambled through the mess, ignoring the small nicks the sharp glass left on her. Seizing hold of the first knife she found, a wicked looking one with a six inch curved blade, she jumped back to her feet. Chris was coming forward again, and Julian appeared to have decided to help as he began to move in, but they would only be two more useless fighters in the already overcrowded ring.

"Stay back!" she snarled, thrusting the knife at them as she rushed past.

"Cassie!" Julian shouted his eyes wide with horror as he realized her intent. "Cassie no!"

He tried to intercept her, but she was able to dart past him. She thrust herself in between Devon and Liam, barely squeezing between them. Liam's feet kicked against the back of her calves. She could smell the tangy scent of his blood in the room. The store pulsated with rage and need; it shook with the fury of the battle being waged. "You don't want him Devon," she whispered. "It's my blood you want, take it instead."

Tossing her hair back, she took the knife and made a small slit at the base of her throat. For a moment nothing happened, Devon didn't even look at her. And then, the scent of her blood seemed to penetrate the thick fog of his fury. He turned slowly toward her, his red eyes fastened upon the blood dripping down her neck.

Cassie straightened her shoulders, trusting in the strength of Devon's love to get them both through this. He would take her blood, she knew that, and she would not deny him. She only hoped that he did not kill her in the process. "It's ok," she whispered. "Devon take it, take my blood."

He shoved Liam back, thrusting him away as Devon released him. Liam stumbled, falling to his knees as he pressed a hand to his wounded throat. Annabelle knelt beside him, wrapping her arm around his back as they both scurried to get out of the way. Julian came toward her, his face tight with worry, his eyes gleaming at the sight of her blood. Cassie shook her head at him, knowing that if Julian tried to interfere it would only result in a blood bath.

Devon came at her, his lips pulled back to reveal his fully extended fangs. Cassie's heartbeat picked up, but it was not fear that sent her blood pumping. It was excitement and desire. It had been so long since he had taken her blood, so long since they had bonded in such a way. And she found that she needed, and wanted him desperately to do it. She needed this reconnection, needed to feel him inside of her again, enjoying her, and loving her.

His hand wrapped around her neck, entangling in her hair as he pulled her forward, tilting her head roughly to the side. For a moment his eyes flashed their brilliant emerald green, and she knew that the man was present once again. Not present enough to stop him from taking her blood. It was too late for that, he would not be stopped, but he was there enough so that she could see the person she loved so dearly once more. Tears bloomed in her eyes at the sight of that beautiful, much loved color. He would not kill her, she knew that. He pulled her forward, much more gently than she had expected. His other arm locked around her waist, dragging her forcefully against his body.

She remained immobile in his arms, her eyes closing as anticipation thrummed through her body. "It's ok," she whispered again, not wanting him to hate himself for what he was about to do. "It's ok love."

He struck suddenly and with the speed of a rattlesnake. Cassie's body jerked slightly as his teeth sank deep. Though the piercing pain was intense and sharp, it was also brief and fleeting and swiftly replaced by the euphoria that this experience always arose in her. She wrapped her arms around his back, clinging tighter to him as he bit deeper, and drank deeper than he ever had before.

His fear, confusion, rage, and undying love engulfed her. She could feel his mind mingling with hers, feel it touching upon hers as they blended together, slowly becoming one. Just as her mind was touching upon his. Just as he could now see so many things she had wanted to keep from him. For a frantic moment, Cassie wanted to pull away, wanted to get free of him. She didn't want him to see what they had done to her in there. She didn't want him to see her weakness, her fear, or her pain, and there had been so much of it in there, far too much of it.

She didn't want him to see her conflicting feelings about Julian either, didn't want him to be hurt anymore than he already had been.

She didn't want him to experience what she had gone through; didn't want him to know what had been done to her at all. She knew that she could not keep it hidden from him though. If she tried to do so, it would only cause him more distress and doubt over her feelings for Julian. She could sense that he already felt shut out, that he was threatened and confused by her relationship with Julian, and it was making him even more volatile and unstable. She could not continue to let that happen, it would only result in more devastation, and next time she might not be able to stop him.

Slumping against him, Cassie gave herself over to his questing mind. All of her barriers slid away as she allowed him in, letting him see it all. She knew she risked his rage again, but she couldn't hurt him anymore. She needed him far too much, and loved him far too much to keep anything from him. Let alone something as important as this. He cradled her gently, his hands entwining in her hair, holding her tight to him as her memories, and her terror, enveloped them both. She could feel his shock, his horror, his sorrow as he cradled her tighter, seeking to comfort and soothe her, seeking to try and take her pain from her. His love enveloped her, wrapping around her, easing the torture of her soul as only he could do.

She could also feel his pain, the constant struggle he had been going through since she had been taken. She could feel the battle he had waged to keep himself under control enough to find her again. For if he had lost control, he would have destroyed everything in his path. He would have become much like the mindless monsters stalking this town. She could feel the agony that her loss had caused him, the torment that had plagued him endlessly. She could feel his fear about her relationship with Julian, a fear that was eased by the taking of her vein.

He withdrew from her, his head dropping into the hollow of her neck as she held him tight. His lips were warm against her neck; his body trembled as he held her close to him. He licked her wounds gently, closing them with the healing agent in his saliva. She shuddered at the feel of him against her skin, at the wonderful touch of his tongue against her.

"I've warned you repeatedly not to put yourself in my way," he whispered, nuzzling her ear gently with his nose and lips.

Her fingers curled tighter into his back as her knees began to tremble. "I'll always put myself in your way," she whispered. "I'll always be here for you."

His lips moved to her cheek, brushing gentle kisses across her face, her nose, her lips and then back again. "My Cassie," he breathed in her ear. "It's not your fault what they did to you in there, you did not deserve it. And you aren't in love with him. You were just confused, lost, wounded, and you were brutalized both physically and psychologically. You care for him and he kept you alive and sane, and you love him, but you are not in love with him."

She burst into tears; her knees gave out as she fell against him. She hadn't realized until then just how much she had needed his forgiveness, his love, his understanding. She hadn't realized just how much she had feared her strange feelings for Julian, her sudden, binding connection to him. But Devon had seen it all, and he had understood it all. And because of his unconditional love, and understanding, she was now able to understand it better too.

She also hadn't realized just how much she had blamed herself for what had happened in there. She had gone against her own kind by loving Devon, and she was abnormal, different from the rest of her kind. She was an abomination, lacking and dangerous in ways that none of the rest of them were. But his forgiveness, his words, helped to ease the torment and self hatred that had lingered in her soul, eating her alive from the inside out.

He bent down, sweeping her into his arms as she clung to him, tears streaming down her cheeks. She burrowed her face into the hollow of his neck, unable to face the others at the moment. "I'm sorry," he said briskly to Liam. "We're going out back. Will you be ok for a little while?"

She assumed this question was directed at Luther as he was the one that answered yes in a slightly strangled voice.

Devon's strides were long and purposeful as he carried her past the racks of merchandise and toward the back area where the feed was kept. She watched him silently as he placed her down on a feed bag. He walked around, drawing the blinds and curtains tightly shut, though fragments of light still filtered through the edges. Lamps and flashlights had already been gathered and set out in the room. He turned on one of the lamps, its small beam of light cast shadows about the room. Grabbing two of the sleeping bags they had stashed back here, he unrolled one and placed it down. Finally, he placed the rolled one down as a pillow.

He turned back to her, holding his hand out for her. Cassie rose slowly, clasping hold of his hand as he pulled the zipper back to let her in. Cassie climbed inside, her entire body suddenly aching and tired. Her mind was numb as tears continued to roll silently down her cheeks. Devon crawled in beside her; he wrapped his arms around her as he pulled her against him.

He rested his cheek against hers as he wiped the tears gently from her face. "I missed this so much," he whispered. "I missed you."

She squeezed his hands tight, pressing them against her chest. "And I missed you," she breathed, brushing a light kiss against his nose, his cheeks, and finally softly against his full mouth. "Devon, about Julian..."

"I don't want to talk about it right now Cassie. I know what happened to you." For a moment his voice trailed off, his eyes growing hard and distant. "I know what they did to you and they will pay for it, and we will talk about it soon. But for tonight, I just want to hold you. I just want to feel you against me. I just need to know that you are with me again, and safe."

More tears streamed down her face as she smiled brightly at him. "Yes, I would like that very very much."

His grin was the most beloved, cherished thing she had ever seen. She had missed his smile even more than her own freedom. His eyes sparkled when he smiled, the hard planes of his face softened making him younger and more approachable looking, even with the rough stubble along his jaw.

"You're exhausted."

"Yes," she agreed softly, stifling a yawn as she nuzzled closer to him, savoring in the wonderfully masculine scent of him. It was familiar and comforting and welcoming. His love enveloped her, wrapping her within a secure cocoon that lulled her into a much needed, dreamless sleep.

CHAPTER 5

Cassie awoke sometime later, blinking against the sleep that still clung to her. Devon's arm was wrapped loosely around her waist, his breathing even and slow as he slept peacefully. She stared at his slackened face, savoring in his perfect features. She was reaching for him, wanting to wake him when a small snort behind her caught her attention. She turned slightly, a smile quirking her mouth as she caught sight of Chris a few feet away, snoring softly. She had spent many many nights of her life listening to his snores.

She lay for a few moments, relishing in the warmth of Devon and the blessed noise of Chris. She watched Chris, wishing that he didn't have to be entangled in all of this with them. She wished that she could have kept him safe from it all, but knew that she never could have. Birth had trapped them both here, and the cruelty of crazed men, not her.

The pressure in her bladder was what eventually got her moving. Wiggling the zipper on the sleeping bag down, she gently untangled Devon's arm from her and slid from the bag. She wrapped him tightly back into it, rising slowly to her feet. She winced as pain lanced through her bruised and battered feet, but she hobbled over to the lit lantern, lifting it from the bags of feed.

She peered around the room, surprised to note that everyone except Liam and Julian was asleep in the room, and that the sun had set. Frowning, Cassie tried to figure out how long she had been asleep, but it was impossible to tell. Limping away, she made her way back into the main store, heading for the bathroom they had discovered behind the coolers.

She washed her face and hands, and used a small towel to sponge down the rest of her. Though she would have killed for a shower, the simple act of washing herself felt wonderful. Picking up the small hairbrush someone had left by the sink, she patiently began to unravel the tight knots matting her hair. She bit into her bottom lip, wincing as she diligently worked through the tangles. Finally, the brush flowed freely through her hair, leaving it shiny and flowing once more. Dark circles still shadowed her eyes, but some of her color had finally returned.

Sighing softly, she made her way slowly back out of the bathroom and toward the front of the store. "Turn the light down princess," Julian whispered to her.

She jumped slightly in surprise; she had not seen him amongst the dark and shadows. Her hand fumbled with the switch that turned the small electric flame down, leaving it merely a flicker within its plastic casing. "Where are you?" she whispered.

"Front window."

Cassie shuffled wearily forward until he came into view. He was standing by the window, leaning against the wall as he watched her from beneath lowered lids. Though he had gotten no sleep, he did not appear on the verge of exhaustion. "What time is it?" she inquired softly.

"About nine."

"Don't you think you should get some sleep?"

He shrugged negligently, the lazy smile she remembered slipped into place. She couldn't help but return it. "I've become accustomed to someone talking my ear off till I fall asleep from boredom."

Cassie couldn't stop herself from laughing softly as she crept steadily closer, grinning brightly at him. "Where is Liam?"

He nodded across the way. Cassie turned to find Liam sitting in a chair. He was leaning against the wall, his eyes closed, his head tipped back as he slept soundly. She quirked an eyebrow in surprise, trying hard not to laugh. "He's a good guard."

"I think he's mainly supposed to be guarding me."

"They don't trust you yet."

"No, they don't. It's understandable though." He shifted slightly, crossing his legs as he peered out the window again.

"They'll learn to," she said softly, placing the lantern on one of the shelves as she hobbled closer to him.

"If you say so princess."

"I do. Has there been anything out there?"

He glanced back at her, his strange eyes oddly aglow in the flickering light of the lantern. The white blue band encircling his irises seemed to glow. The darker, brighter blue of them shone as he watched her move toward him. "A few of those things skittered across the road about an hour ago, but I haven't seen anything since."

Cassie nodded, biting nervously on her bottom lip as she joined him by the windows. "There might be others that survived whatever happened down there."

"There probably are, but if I find them they won't be alive for long."

"Julian..."

He turned back to her, his eyes flashing briefly red in the light. "I'll stay here with these people, and I won't hurt them because of you. I may even stop killing, when we get out of this town, if it will make you happy. But if I come across those bastards that put us in that hell hole I will kill them. They do not deserve to live," he growled.

Cassie's lips parted at his words. It was not the fact that he planned to destroy the people that had tortured them that surprised her, but the fact that he would stop killing for her. "You would really stop killing?" she breathed.

He stared at her for a long moment, confusion and hurt flickered briefly through his eyes. "I would do anything for you Cassie."

She inhaled sharply, tears burned her eyes. She ached for his unhappiness. "Julian..."

He held a hand up, shaking his head. "I know Cassie. I've always known that you would choose him, that he was where your heart belonged. It doesn't mean that my feelings for you will change though."

Cassie managed a small nod, her gaze darted behind him to the covered window. "I never meant to hurt you."

He quirked an eyebrow, the familiar amusement played over his features again. "Don't get ahead of yourself there princess."

"Don't call me princess," she responded automatically.

He grinned at her, flashing his perfect white teeth. "Your wish is my command."

"That's even more annoying."

He laughed softly, a small rumbling sound that reverberated through his chest and warmed her to the tips of her toes. She was immensely relieved that he still wanted to speak with her, that he did not hate her, and that he could stay her friend. "Thank you Julian."

He frowned at her, shifting uncomfortably. "For what?" he demanded gruffly.

She smiled over his discomfit, taking some pleasure in aggravating him as much as he liked to aggravate her. "For keeping me sane, for being there for me, for being my friend." He scowled at her for a moment before turning his attention back to the window. "And for not ripping my throat out the first chance you had."

He laughed softly as he turned back to her. "Well, the night is still young."

Cassie grinned at him, moving closer to lean against the wall on the other side of the window. She moved the curtain aside to peer out at the dark street. Nothing moved but the street lights, apparently on a timer, had come on. Their light cast shadows across the road, it spilled into the darkly lit woods.

"Thank you also Cassie."

She poked her head back out from behind the curtain to look at him. "For what?"

He grinned at her, wiggling his eyebrows comically. "For keeping me sane, for being my friend. For making Dani come back for me."

She looked at him surprise. "How did you know about that?"

He shook his head as he rolled his eyes. "Blondes," he muttered, though he smiled kindly at her. "You and Dani did have to touch me to help get me out of there."

"Oh," she said dully, a small flush staining her cheeks. "Then you already knew everything that Dani told us about what was going on in there, and what they wanted with us before we got here. Why would you threaten to take the knowledge out of her forcefully?"

He shook his head, his hand clenching slightly on the curtain. "I didn't already know what she knew. I can't read two people at once, it's too overwhelming. And since I can't stand that bitch, I concentrated on you instead. You also kept hold of me for a lot longer than she did."

Cassie nodded slowly as she digested this information. "I see."

He was silent for a moment, his eyes dark and distant. "I'm not sure I can promise anything when it comes to her either."

"She got us out of there," she reminded him.

"She helped to put us in there," he retorted.

Cassie was silent for a moment, torn between her desire to get even with Dani for her actions, and her desire not to see her hurt. At one time she had thought of Dani as a little sister, she had cared for her, and she had been betrayed because of that trust. But she still could not bring herself to let the girl get hurt. "No Julian, Dani will get hers in the end, but we won't be the ones to give it to her. Besides, we may need her still."

He grunted softly as he folded his arms over his chest, looking completely disgruntled by her answer. "Are we staying here all night?" she asked softly.

"That's the plan."

"If you want to get some sleep, I'll keep watch for awhile."

He shook his head, leaning against the wall again. "I'm fine."

Cassie nodded, resting her head against the wall as she studied the street. Though they had spent every night in their cells talking endlessly, they both remained quiet while on watch. The moon moved across the snow, its light illuminated the street even more. Cassie shifted slightly, she pulled on the edges of the over large sweatshirt she had found in the back, along with a pair of work jeans.

"Did you know they were giving me your blood?" she asked softly after awhile.

Julian tore his attention away from the window. "I suspected," he admitted.

She gaped at him for a moment. "Why didn't you tell me?"

He shook his head, his platinum hair falling across his forehead. "You had enough to worry about in there without me adding to it, especially when I wasn't certain."

She bit on her bottom lip, turning back to the window. "How did you know?"

"The discoloration in your arm, it's what happens when vampire blood is introduced into the human system."

"I'm not human."

"You're more human than not."

"I couldn't have said it better myself." Cassie jumped slightly, turning in surprise as Devon emerged from the darkness. He strode purposely forward, the shadows hugging his powerful frame. Her mouth went dry, her heart thumped loudly at the sight of him. He was the most magnificent thing she had ever seen, and he was hers. She glanced swiftly away, her eyes focusing on the floor as she tried to get her body under control. Julian may understand where she belonged, but she didn't want to rub her relationship with Devon in his face.

Devon's arms encircled her, wrapping around her waist as he pulled her against his chest. He stared hard at Julian for a moment before bending to drop a gentle kiss on top of her head. Apparently he didn't care what Julian thought, or how it affected him. "You should be asleep."

"I slept all day," she reminded him.

"Hmm." He nuzzled her gently for a moment before pulling slightly away. "Has there been anything out there?"

"Not in a long time," Julian answered.

Devon turned toward him, his hands tightened on Cassie's waist for a moment. She could feel the tension humming through him as he watched Julian. Devon was still uncertain what to make of him, uncertain how to handle this change in events, or if he should trust him. Cassie wanted to tell him once again that he could trust Julian now, but Devon had to come about this in his own way, on his own terms. They had once been good friends; she hoped that they could get that friendship back.

Minus the murder, destruction, and women that had once bonded them, of course.

Cassie shifted slightly acutely aware of the fact that she was now surrounded by two of the most powerful men on the planet. Men that could destroy each other if she wasn't careful. Sensing her distress, Devon pressed tighter against her, gently rubbing her back as he tried to soothe her.

"You can get some sleep if you want," he said to Julian.

Julian shook his head, crossing his arms over his broad chest. "I'm good."

Cassie turned back to the window, pulling the curtain aside. Devon leaned over top of her, his chin resting on her head. "How long are we going to stay here for?" she asked quietly.

"We'll gather things tomorrow, leave tomorrow night," Devon answered.

Cassie shifted uncomfortably, hating the idea of being cooped up in here for that long. "Why so long?"

"Everyone needs a rest, including you." She chose to ignore the censure in his words, and Julian's soft chuckle. She wanted them to be friends she didn't want them gaining up on her though. "Plus, we need to formulate a plan, and exhausted overwhelmed people do not think well."

"The same with vampires," she retorted.

She felt his smile as he rested his cheek against her hair. "Yes, and vampires."

Cassie leaned into him, savoring in his strength. She was never going to leave his side again, it didn't matter if he thought it would be best for her, she would not do it. "You can't send me away again," she said softly. "Even if it is for my own good."

He body tensed against hers. "I won't," he promised.

"Ever."

"Ever."

She turned slightly toward him, searching his intense emerald eyes. She saw the sincerity in his gaze, read the determination in the hard lines of his face. "Good."

He smiled wanly at her, kissing the tip of her nose. Cassie grinned back at him, wishing that she could kiss him for much longer than that, but knowing that she couldn't. Her gaze darted to Julian, a momentary wave of guilt crashed over her. Whenever she was around Devon, she forgot all sense of reason, and everything around her. Including Julian. And although his face remained impassive, she could sense the strain in his body. The last thing in the world she wanted was to hurt him further.

She turned slowly back to the window, guilt eating at her. Devon rubbed her back gently as he leaned around her to pull the curtain back further. "Where are they all?" he murmured.

"Somewhere up to no good," Julian answered.

They continued to watch the road, the moon moving over the horizon as an hour slipped past. Cassie's feet began to ache; her back grew sore from standing for so long. She leaned harder against Devon, needing to ease some of the pressure on her already wounded feet. "Want me to get you a chair?"

She shook her head, not wanting to move out of his arms for even a moment. She was opening her mouth to speak when Devon stiffened against her, just as Julian's head whipped to the right. Cassie tensed in anticipation, leaning forward to pull the curtain back further. Devon seized hold of her hand, stopping it in mid air.

"Don't move," he hissed.

Cassie froze, her heart thumped loudly, her breath froze in her lungs. Julian and Devon were as still as stone, their eyes focused outside. Cassie was afraid to speak, but she was dying to know what was going on. Devon released the curtain slowly, pulling it back into place with barely any movement. He pulled her back a step, his arms tightening around her.

Then she heard it. The breath exploded from her as her heart leapt wildly in her chest. All three of their heads tilted back as a scurrying noise rattled across the roof, coming from the back to the front. It paused halfway across the roof. She waited tensely, adrenaline coursing through her as she waited to see what the thing was up to, what it was going to do.

A loud crash echoed from above, it reverberated through the room. Cassie jumped in shock, Liam jolted awake his eyes were wide as he searched the darkness wildly. The lantern she had set on the shelf vibrated toward the edge, tilting precariously. Julian moved silently and swiftly, catching hold of it before it clattered to the floor.

Cassie stared at him in wide eyed amazement as he settled it on the floor. Another crash reverberated through the building, causing Cassie's breath to hitch in her chest. The windows shook loudly. Devon's arm tightened upon her, pulling her back another small step as the scurrying resumed toward the front of the building.

He glanced sharply at Julian, nodding toward the back. Julian moved as silently as a wraith toward the back of the store. Liam took a step toward them, his hands fisting as his gaze remained focused on the roof. Another loud bang echoed from the back of the store.

Cassie jumped as Devon pulled her back another step. "Move slowly," Devon whispered in her ear, his voice just barely audible, even to her.

The three of them crept toward the back as something scurried loudly over the roof again. A series of loud grunts and shouts echoed forth. Though they had once been human, Cassie could not help but see the creatures as anything more than apelike monsters now. She hated herself for it, but she knew that she was going to have to keep that attitude if she was going to be of any use against them.

They finally reached the back room. Liam hurried to Annabelle's side, wrapping her in his arms. Everyone was awake and on their feet, staring up at the ceiling as another thumping crash shook the building. "Do they know we're here Chris?" Cassie asked softly.

He shook his head, his eyes dark and troubled, his face pinched in concentration. "There's no reason to them," he whispered. "There's nothing but confusion and hunger and destruction. I cannot tell what they do and do not know, or what they want, other than blood."

A shiver worked through her at his words, her mouth parted slightly as she glanced wildly around the room. She wanted to bolt out of there, yet she remained frozen, her legs unwilling to move. Julian emerged from the shadows, four crossbows tucked under his arm. Cassie reluctantly pulled away from Devon as he handed each of them one and tossed the other to Liam.

"Do not hesitate," Julian hissed to her.

She frowned fiercely back at him. "I won't." He raised an eyebrow questioningly at her, his eyes pointed and harsh. Cassie swallowed heavily. "I won't."

He nodded briskly before turning away, moving to stand by the doorway to the main room. Devon squeezed her arm gently before taking a stance opposite Julian. Another loud thud rattled the building. Cassie glanced sharply up as one of the things began to jump up and down on the roof, its loud squeals echoed throughout the building. Cassie winced against the harsh sound, wishing she could cover her ears against the strange animalistic noises, but the crossbow stopped her from doing so.

Another loud thump rattled the windows. There were four of them on the roof now, with no way of knowing how many more might come. Straightening her shoulders, Cassie held the crossbow tightly with both hands as she moved toward the back windows. She heard Devon's soft hiss of displeasure, but she did not stop.

Pausing at one of the windows, she slowly pulled back the curtain. The night beyond was dark, but it took only moments for her eyes to adjust. She could see nothing in the back yard, nothing moved amongst the mangled corpses of animals. A shadow suddenly jumped from overhead and another bang echoed throughout. Though it had startled her, Cassie did not move, did not even flinch. To do so very well might have meant the death of all of them.

Ever so slowly she dropped the curtain and backed away from the window. She crept to the middle of the room. "They're coming from the roof of the bank," she whispered, pointing toward the building next to theirs.

Devon and Julian turned toward the bank, staring at the wall as if they could magically see through it. They stood silently for a long time, tense in anticipation as they waited to see what would happen. The noises and thumps continued, the grunts and squeals grew louder and more frantic before dying down. Two more thumps hit the roof, causing everyone to flinch in anticipatory response.

After about an hour the shouts died down, and the noises drifted away. Cassie slowly began to relax, her shoulders eased but the muscles in them remained stiff and aching. She unfolded her hands from their tight grip on the crossbow, stretching them out in an attempt to get the cramps out of them.

She gave Chris a grateful smile as he took the bow from her. Devon propped his crossbow against the wall, his attention still focused upon the ceiling. "Where did they go?" Melissa asked softly.

"They're hunting," Julian answered, propping his crossbow on his shoulder. "And the food supply is getting scarce, so they're going back through the areas where they have found food before."

"Why didn't they come in here?" Cassie asked quietly.

"Because they've never come in here; the place is in too good of shape for that to have happened. Next time they come back, they'll come in. They'll start to tear this town apart before they spread out of it," Devon answered.

Cassie inhaled sharply, Chris slid his hand into hers, squeezing it tightly. Relief washed through her as she clung to him, Chris had been distant ever since they had found her. But now, for the first time, she actually felt as if she had her friend back. He smiled wanly down at her, his hand briefly tightened around hers as he turned back to Julian and Devon. Julian was watching them intently, an odd express on his face.

He turned slowly toward Devon, his shoulders tight as if he were prepared for battle. But if he was expecting one from Devon, he would not get it. Not when it came to Chris anyway, Devon understood and accepted their tight bond. In fact, he had become exceptionally close to Chris before Cassie had been taken, she didn't know what their friendship was like now, but she suspected that it had not changed much. Julian looked confused, dazed as his attention focused on her again. She offered him a wan smile, wishing that she could give him more, but knowing that this was all stuff he would have to figure out on his own.

"Why haven't they spread out yet, if their food supply is low?" Chris inquired.

"Because, no matter what they are now, this town is still their home. They may not remember what they had here, or maybe they do, but this place is still safe to them, reassuring on some level," Devon answered.

Cassie swallowed heavily; pity for the creatures swarmed her. She fought it rapidly back, she couldn't have pity here. They would attack her, and if she hesitated because she sympathized with them, they would kill her. No there could be no pity here, there could be no thought about what the creatures had once been. Because they were no longer those people.

"We can't let them out of this town," Luther said fiercely.

"No, we can't."

"We need to get out of here," Melissa whispered.

"And go where? We can't leave this town until all of those things are dead. If they get out of this town all hell is going to break lose, they'll destroy anything they come in contact with. We need to formulate a plan, we need to draw them out, and we need more weapons," Devon told her.

"We also need to fortify this place," Julian said. "Get some boards on these windows. I don't think those things have enough reason left in them to realize that the windows will be boarded up when they come back. And we need weapons, and blood." He looked pointedly at Devon before glancing sharply at Cassie. "Unless you want to keep draining her."

Devon's eyes narrowed, his hands fisted, a muscle jumped in his cheek as he grit his teeth tightly together. "Watch it," he growled.

Julian's face remained impassive, his arms crossed over his chest as he leaned against the doorway. "Ok, so we need to figure out how to get those things," Cassie said quickly, hating the tension between them.

"Yeah, because that's an easy list," Chris retorted.

"Not helping," she hissed at him.

He shot her a rueful look as he shrugged his shoulders. His shaggy blond hair fell into one of his bright sapphire eyes. "I know where we can find weapons and blood," Dani said softly, her voice oddly choked.

Cassie turned toward her. She was standing off to the side, a haunted look in her eyes as she stared at them. "Where?" Luther demanded.

Dani licked her lips as she nervously began to ring her hands again. "In the compound. There is plenty of blood, and a room full of weapons. "

Cassie inhaled sharply, feeling as if she had just been kicked in the gut. There was a moment of stunned silence before Julian cursed loudly, spun on his heel, and disappeared into the dark store. Cassie stared after him, knowing exactly how he felt. She knew all he wanted to do was destroy something, but unfortunately, they couldn't make any noise with those things around. The last thing that either one of them wanted was to go back into that hell hole.

But it seemed they weren't going to have a choice in the matter. Chris squeezed her hand gently, holding tight to her as her skin began to crawl.

CHAPTER 6

"You don't have to do this."

Cassie glanced up at Chris, shaking her head slightly as she stared at the ominous school. Her stomach cramped tightly at the mere thought of entering it. Shifting, she tossed the crossbow higher up on her shoulder, clinging to the strap. "I'm not letting you guys go in there alone," she whispered.

"We're not alone."

She glanced over at Devon and Julian; their heads were bent close together as they talked softly. At least they were being cooperative, and getting along with each other about going in there. Devon had done everything short of tying her up to keep her from coming with them, but she was here, and she had no intention of leaving. Dani stood slightly off to the side, her arms wrapped around her to ward off the chill. Though this had been Dani's idea, she had not wanted to go back into the school. However, she was the only one that knew where the weapons and blood were, the only one that knew her way around the compound.

"Cassie," Chris said softly.

She glanced sharply up at him, shaking her head firmly. "It's too late anyway, I'm already here and I'm not going back alone."

"One of us can take you back."

"No, I'm going in there with you."

He sighed loudly, shaking his head at her. "Fine."

Devon and Julian stopped conferring; their attention came back to the rest of them. "Ok, Julian is going to take the lead with Dani behind him, then Chris, Cassie, and me."

Devon's eyes were hard as they met hers. She nodded slowly, hating the tension and anger in him, hating the fact that she knew it was because of her, but she couldn't let them do this alone. She was one of the strongest fighters, they may need her in there, and if something happened to any of them she would never forgive herself if she hadn't been there to help.

"Come on," Julian said coldly, his eyes bright in the light of the moon as he glanced disapprovingly at her. He hadn't wanted her here either, but in the end it hadn't been his decision to make.

Cassie bit nervously on her bottom lip, trying to calm her fear and panic at the thought of going back in there. At the thought of being trapped within the bowels of that hell once more. Devon came slowly toward her, his jaw clenched tight as he held her back for a moment. "You are to stay close to me," he ordered gruffly.

Cassie nodded, wrapping her hand gently around his. "I will," she promised.

He studied her for a moment, and then shook his head. "You should have stayed with the others."

She squeezed his hand. It had been decided that it was better if they separated. If something happened to them down there, Liam, Annabelle, Luther, and Melissa would be needed to make sure that the monsters did not spread out of this town. They would be needed to try and stop the flow of evil slowly seeping out from this school, and this town.

"I'll be fine, but I couldn't stay with them Devon, and you know that."

He nodded briskly, his hand gently caressing hers before he released her. Cassie fell into line behind Chris. She struggled to keep herself calm and steady as they moved toward the school, she knew that Devon would have no problem with taking her back if he felt that she was too distressed to go on. Julian held the other crossbow tightly, his hair a bright beacon in the light of the moon that spilled across them. The moon's beam ran over the snow in a bright path that led straight to the double doors of the school. Though it should have looked pretty, and inspiring, it was gloomy and threatening to her.

Behind him, Dani kept her head bowed, her shoulders hunched up in her jacket. She carried no weapons, as none of them trusted her with them. Chris was carrying another crossbow at the ready; his eyes wildly searched the open landscape of the school grounds. They were vulnerable out here. There was nowhere to hide once they stepped out of the woods, no way to keep themselves out of sight if there were any creatures around.

Devon stepped closer to her, his chest pressed lightly against her back as they moved slowly forward. She caught a glimpse of the gun he held. They had found the gun amidst the tangled remains of the shattered countertop. It must have been hidden in the shelves, or the register. Though it may not kill the monsters, it would help to slow them down.

Julian reached the doors, pulling them slowly open. Dani shuddered, taking a small step back as Julian clicked on his flashlight, directing the beam inside. "Move," Chris said softly, pushing Dani slightly forward.

They crept inside, slipping into the darkness of the school. Though she fought against it, Cassie could not stop the shudder of dread that tore through her. Devon rested his hand lightly on her shoulder, trying to comfort her, but she could find no comfort in this place. Julian flashed the light over the dark halls, its beam bounced off of the concrete walls.

Cassie pressed tighter to Devon as the beam revealed large streaks of blood running down the walls. Julian hissed softly, his shoulders tightened as he tore his attention away from the blood soaked walls. Cassie could feel the hunger pulsating off of him, the desire to feed.

"Julian," she said softly.

He held up a hand, shaking his head. "I'm fine," he muttered, focusing the beam on the wall that was not covered in blood. "Where to?"

Dani inhaled shakily, pointing ahead of Julian. "Straight ahead," she whispered. They moved swiftly down the hall, the only sound the occasional soft squeak of someone's shoe on the linoleum. Dani led them down another hallway, turning sharply to the right. "Here."

Cassie recognized the doors they had escaped from, the doors that had also helped to keep them captive. A sign on them read, 'Basement, authorized personal only.' Swallowing heavily, she pressed tighter against Devon, needing his comfort right now. The right door had been ripped from two of its hinges; it hung at an awkward angle, the bottom hinge the only thing keeping it attached to the wall.

Julian moved swiftly through the ruined remains. Cassie remained frozen for a moment, stiff as she stared at the ruined door, trying hard to fight off the rush of memories that threatened to consume her. "You don't have to go," Devon murmured in her ear.

She remained where she was for a moment, extremely tempted by the prospect of not having to return to those shadowed, dark depths of horror. But she could not back out of this, she had to face it. "Yes, I do."

Chris glanced back at her as he moved through the double doors. Cassie followed slowly behind, keeping her gaze focused upon Chris's back, refusing to look around and take in her surroundings. She was greatly afraid she would flee screaming if she allowed herself to take in too much, or to think about it.

She didn't bother to count the floors as they wound steadily lower. Julian reached the next set of double doors. They were both firmly intact, but Julian reached forward and pulled them easily open. A shudder of dread ran down Cassie's spine, she clearly recalled Dani locking those doors behind them. How had they gotten unlocked? And why were these doors still intact, while the ones above had been ruined? It didn't matter why the doors were the way they were, she realized. All that mattered was that it was apparent that more of the creatures had escaped after them.

Cassie's hands fisted, the crossbow dug tighter into her palm. Closing her eyes, she took a deep breath and slowly swung it off of her shoulder, grasping it firmly in preparation for an attack. "Get us to those rooms as quickly as you can," Julian growled at Dani.

She nodded as they moved swiftly through the doors, sweeping into the hallway. Cassie didn't stop to think about it before she stepped into the hall. The smell hit her instantly, causing her stomach to flip, and an involuntary gag to escape her. Dani doubled over, her hand over her mouth as she tried not to vomit. Chris took a quick step back; his hand was over his mouth and nose as he turned three shades of green.

"What is that?" Cassie gasped, instantly wishing that she hadn't opened her mouth because now she could also taste the foul odor.

"Death," Julian answered.

Cassie's stomach rolled again and it took every ounce of willpower she had not to vomit. Dani retched harder, her vomit splattered across the floor. Cassie turned away, pulling her shirt over her nose before she threw up everywhere too. Though it blocked the smell a little, it didn't help much. Devon reached around her, placing his hand gently over her face, covering her nose with his jacket. She inhaled deeply, savoring in the enticing, wonderful smell of him that helped to block out the stench of the halls.

She smiled thankfully at him. He watched her intently, his gaze searching as he pulled her tighter against him, keeping his hand firmly in place. He and Julian seemed not to be affected by the scent, but then again, they had probably smelled it many times before. They had probably caused it many times before. She shuddered at the thought, and swiftly tried to shove it aside.

She turned her attention back to the dimly lit hallway. The emergency lights had still been flashing when they'd fled, but now there were only dim, sickly yellow lights lining the long hallway. "Why are the lights on?" Julian demanded in a harsh hiss.

Dani straightened, wiping her mouth with the sleeve of her coat. She glanced quickly around, placing her hand over her mouth as she studied the lights. "I don't know. It must be a safety thing. These aren't the normal lights."

"You don't know?"

Dani shook her head; her skin grew paler as she began to sweat. "I don't think I can take this smell."

Julian glared fiercely at her, his eyes briefly flashed red. "Too bad. You helped create it, now you have to deal with it," Cassie frowned over his harsh words, but didn't protest them. "Now, where do we go?"

Dani stared at him for a moment, trembling slightly as sweat continued to pour down her face. Finally, she lifted a shaking arm to point straight down the hall. Julian turned quickly away, striding rapidly away. They followed silently behind, hurrying to keep up as Dani pointed him down another hall.

Cassie kept expecting to come across the source of the smell, but the halls remained clear of any blood, or human remains. But then again, they had been clear during their escape also. She knew they would not remain that way though, the horrible stench told her that much. They made another right; Cassie became painfully aware of where they were within the compound now.

Her step faltered slightly, her hand tightened upon Devon's over her nose. Memories roared to life, threatening to swamp her within their painful depths as stared silently into the room that she had been held captive in. Across the way she could see the window that she and Julian had spoken through, the window that had helped to keep her alive.

She looked to Julian, hating the helpless feeling that swamped her once more. His eyes were hard as he stared into the room, his jaw locked tight. He turned slowly toward her, the force of his gaze burning into her, the struggle for control evident in the hard lines of his face. She could see his memories and hatred for this place burning fiercely in his eyes.

Devon moved closer to her, pressing his hand tighter to her as he leaned over her to look into the room. He stepped slightly into the doorway, glancing rapidly around before turning his attention back to her. She lowered her gaze from his, unable to meet it as unreasonable shame and terror flooded her. Though she tried hard to fight against it, memories of her and Julian's torment assaulted her. Pulling her against him, Devon wrapped his arms tighter around her, his hand wrapped through her hair as he cradled her head. Cassie burrowed against him, trying hard to keep a firm hold on herself as she stared into the tiny cell that had been her home.

Chris was watching her intently, a sad look in his caring eyes. Cassie hugged Devon harder, closing her eyes as she savored in his hard strength. He kissed her forehead roughly, pressing his lips against her for a long moment. A shudder ran through him, his hands tightened upon her. Cassie could sense the unraveling control and anger suffusing him.

"You will never know anything like this again," he vowed in a harsh whisper.

She nodded as she took a deep breath. Gathering her courage, she hugged him again and stepped away. They had to get out of here before she unraveled completely, or before any remaining creature's lurking within this place discovered their presence. Devon placed his hand gently over her mouth again, holding her firmly as they moved further down the hall.

***

Devon's senses were on high alert as they continued to make their way rapidly along, searching for any hint of danger. He would not allow anything bad to happen to Cassie again while they were down here. He would not allow anything bad to happen to her ever again, he would die first. Anger coursed through him as he recalled that sterile little cell she had been held captive in, imprisoned in, tortured in. He didn't want to think about the misery these people had caused her. That Dani had caused her.

He glanced sharply at the small girl, fighting the urge to rip her traitorous throat out as they turned another corner. He knew that it was not entirely Dani that had his killer instincts so aroused, or what had been done to Cassie, but also the harsh scent of death in the air. It was both enticing and repulsive. The demon in him was thrilled and excited by the mayhem and destruction that had gone on here. The man was completely repulsed by it.

He pulled Cassie closer, savoring in her sweet scent as he nuzzled her hair gently. He drew on the strength that she always brought to him as he tried to suppress the thrumming bloodlust inside him. He could still smell something off in her blood, and knew now that it was more than just the drugs they had pumped into her, but also Julian's blood inside of her. Devon shuddered at the reminder, trying to keep himself under control as he searched past the strange scent inside of her to find her own wonderfully sweet smell thrumming just beneath the surface. Her heart was swiftly beginning to filter out the awful remnants lingering within her.

Julian stopped suddenly, his eyes widened, and his hands fisted as he glared into another room. Devon was certain they had come across Julian's cell, but when Cassie began to tremble too he knew that it was something more. Chris's eyes widened, his mouth dropped as he gaped into the darkness. The color drained from his face as he turned slowly back to Cassie, horror, sympathy, disgust, and pain was etched onto his youthful features.

Devon's chest clenched; whatever they had come across had to be totally awful judging by the look on Chris's face. Devon stepped slowly forward, trying to block Cassie's view of the room as he peered into the darkness. He noticed the table first, the straps hanging off the bottom, side, and top of it. Straps that would be used to hold down a person's feet, wrists, and head. Straps that were extremely thick and painful looking, straps that he knew had been used to keep Julian and Cassie pinned to that table.

Then he noticed the thing hanging from the ceiling like some twisted electronic snake. There were electrodes dangling from a thick metal rod. Devon had never seen anything like it before, but it was apparent that it was an electrical conductor of some sort. A conductor designed to send a vast amount of electricity into a person, or vampire. Designed to send a vast amount of electricity into Cassie.

When he had fed from her, he had glimpsed part of what she had gone through in here, seen some of her pain and suffering, and fear and loss. He had understood the depth and purity of her feelings for Julian, understood her trust and love of him, even though she hadn't. He had seen so many things, but he had never truly seen the full amount of torture that they had put her through. Never fully glimpsed the torment she had suffered at the hands of these monsters.

And he would kill them for it. Rage burned hotly through him, searing his veins, it throbbed painfully in his skin. He would destroy every one of the people that had harmed her in here. He turned slowly toward Dani, his rage escalating higher as he glared fiercely at the girl, wanting nothing more than to rip her to shreds with his bare hands.

Seeming to sense his murderous intent, Cassie touched his arm lightly, drawing his attention back to her. She had lost all color in her face, and she was shaking like a leaf, but she was still seeking to comfort him. She was frozen in place, her eyes dark and haunted, her lips nearly as pale as her skin as she pulled his hand slowly away from her mouth.

He moved to block the smell from her again, but she moved subtly away, her terrified gaze locking on his. He could sense her composure slipping, sense her weakening grip on control, and if he touched her, he would be her undoing. He dropped his arm back to his side as Cassie turned away from him, her gaze clashing with Dani's. He could feel the fierce blaze of rage that surged up through her, sense the hatred that swelled forth but she buried it swiftly, biting on her bottom lip as she tried to stay in control. Devon knew exactly how she felt.

"Keep going Julian," Devon hissed. Julian's gaze was also focused on Dani, his eyes a deadly shade of red as he fought the urge to kill her. His gaze came slowly back to Devon, his lips pulled back slightly from his fangs. "Go Julian."

Julian hesitated for a moment, torn between destroying Dani and moving on. Devon stared fiercely at him, willing him to continue. The anger and rage was much too high in this small hall. There was a good possibility that Dani would not make it out alive, or that Devon and Julian would end up in a fight, if only to purge some of the emotions running through them.

"Don't Julian," Cassie whispered shakily.

Devon moved closer to her as Julian's gaze spun in her direction. Devon tensed, prepared to destroy Julian if he attacked Cassie, though he was no longer certain that he wanted Julian dead. They had once been best friends; brutal coldblooded killers yes, but also friends. Well as good of friends as monsters like them could have been anyway.

Yet Julian had somehow managed to move on from that monster, as Devon himself had. Julian had learned to care about Cassie enough to get her, and himself, out of here alive. Julian had learned to care about her enough to keep her sane and hopeful in a world of misery, loneliness, and torture. Julian had learned to care about someone more than he cared about himself, something that Devon never thought Julian would be capable of. Though Devon hated the fact that Julian fancied himself in love with Cassie, he was also grateful to Julian for everything he had done for her.

Julian closed his eyes and nodded sharply to Cassie before spinning on his heel and heading back down the long hallway. Cassie kept her gaze focused on Chris as they followed silently behind. Dani gasped loudly, taking a stumbling step back into Chris as they turned another corner. Devon knew that they had finally come upon some of the carnage they had smelled. Cassie straightened her shoulders, bracing herself as Chris pushed Dani roughly forward again.

Cassie reached back for him, seizing hold of his hand as they turned the corner. Devon steadied himself as excitement and disgust tore through him in equal waves. Blood splattered the hallway, mutilated bodies littered the floor. Though he had committed some awful atrocities in his life, he had never seen the destruction of the human body quite like this before.

Cassie's hand trembled in his; her lower lip began to quiver. The sight of her horror and misery helped him to gain even more control of his baser instincts. She needed his protection and comfort now, she could never know about the excitement tingling through him. She would be repulsed by him if she did, and that was something that he never wanted to have happen.

"Don't look," he whispered, leaning closer to her. He wanted to cover her eyes with his hand, but he knew that she would not appreciate it.

She closed her eyes, her hand squeezing tighter around his as he helped to guide her through the mutilated bodies. Blood streaked the floor and covered the walls. The smell of it was metallic and wonderful. Though Cassie helped him to keep control of himself, Julian was on his own. Julian had only had a few small rats to eat today, and he did not have Cassie in his arms to help keep him grounded and calmer.

Devon began to fear that Julian might not make it back out of this. There was only so much a vampire could take, and Julian had only recently stopped killing. This might be far too much of a test of his willpower and control, and Julian may not even decide to stay not killing. He may go back to it when all of this was over, and Cassie was at Devon's side. And Devon could not blame Julian if he did; Devon knew he would instantly return to killing if he ever lost her completely.

Though Devon would not blame Julian for returning, he couldn't take the chance of Julian snapping in here. He would hurt people if he did, he could hurt Cassie if he did. Devon moved to stand beside Cassie, drawing her tight against him as he put her slightly behind him. He had not wanted her in the back, but he definitely didn't want her close to Julian right now, and he wanted to be closer to Chris in order to get him out of the way if the need arose. Dani was on her own against Julian.

They moved into another hall, this one just as littered with bodies, but housing even more destruction. It appeared to be the hall where the uprising had started. Doors littered the floor, shattered glass cracked and splintered beneath their feet. They picked their way carefully through the debris, avoiding shards of wood and metal. Devon held Cassie close to his side as he steered her through it, keeping her face buried against him.

"How much further?" Julian growled, glancing fiercely back at Dani.

"Not much," she answered shakily.

They rounded another corner, coming across more destruction before slipping into a hall that was strangely empty of all debris. Devon pulled Cassie gently out of his side; she glanced swiftly around, relief causing her shoulders to slump. "Here," Dani said softly.

She pulled the keys from her pocket, her hands trembling as she tried to slide the key into the hole. Dani jumped nervously back as they slipped from her fingers and clattered upon the floor. She glanced wildly at the group before bending and swiftly scooping them back up. She struggled to find the right one again and get it in the hole.

Julian cursed violently, snatching the keys from her hand when his patience finally snapped. He shoved himself in front of her, slipping the key into the hole. "Wait!" Chris cried loudly his face going white as he reached for Julian.

It was too late though, Julian had already thrust the door open. A loud bang rang out, echoing through the air. Devon seized hold of Cassie, shoving her behind him as the shot reverberated down the hall. Julian fell back, shock and pain twisting his features as blood bloomed across his shoulder; it soaked his shirt where the bullet had torn a gaping wound into his shoulder. Devon grabbed Julian, shoving him to the floor as another shot rang out, bouncing down the hallway in a zinging rush that shattered concrete and deafened him.

"Son of a bitch!" Chris cried out, ducking out of the way as another shot was fired.

Panic for Cassie tore through Devon; he released Julian as Julian rolled away from the door. Devon darted swiftly back to where Chris and Cassie lay upon the floor, their hands over their heads in a vain attempt to protect them from anymore bullets. Crawling on top of Cassie, he used his body to keep her blocked from anymore ricocheting shots. Pulling her head beneath him, he cradled her tight to his chest as another shot was fired. Chris ducked lower as it ripped past his head, shattering the wall inches from his ear.

Cassie cried out, burrowing tighter against Devon. Anger surged through his veins, the urge to destroy whoever was in that room ripped through him. Another shot was fired, he grunted loudly as it sliced across his calf in a fiery blaze of pain. Cassie grasped him tighter, her breath warm against his neck, her fingers clawing at him. "Are you ok?" she demanded harshly. "Devon are you ok? Julian was shot, is he ok?"

"Fine, I'm fine. Julian will be fine," he grated, ignoring the pain in his leg as he tried to push Cassie forward, out of the way of fire. "Move!" he hissed to Chris.

Chris scrambled forward, staying low as he crab crawled toward one of the open doors and disappeared through it. "Cassie you need to follow Chris," he hissed in her ear.

"I can't leave you."

"You have too! Now go!"

He withdrew from the top of her, keeping his body up to protect hers as she scrambled after Chris. The minute she entered the room, her head poked back out, her violet blue eyes wide with worry as she watched him. "Get back!" he hissed, dropping down as another shot rang out.

Cassie cried out, ducking away as it shattered off of the wall. Devon spun, fury boiling through him as he crossed the hall, scrambling back toward the door. Julian was sitting against the wall on the other side of the door. His lips were twisted into a snarl, his fangs fully elongated as his eyes blazed red fire.

Devon knew exactly how he felt, if he got his hands on whoever was in that room he was going to kill them, and he wouldn't have a problem with it. He shoved Dani out of his way as he reached the door. She curled up against the wall, her knees hugged tight to her chest as her eyes rolled wildly in terror. Another shot rang through the hallway, sizzling around the corner.

"Stop!" Dani screamed hysterically, throwing her hands over her ears. "Stop!"

Silence followed her shrill cry. "Dani?"

Devon spun on her, rage slamming hard into him as his eyes narrowed fiercely. But she was not looking at him, she was staring at the door, her mouth parted in surprise as tears bloomed in her eyes. "Joey?" she choked out, shock evident in her voice.

Devon turned as the young man stepped out of the room. His gaze instantly found his sister, relief coursed through him as he took a step forward. Julian sprang up, seizing hold of Joey's neck. He slammed Joey against the wall with a loud bang that shook the door in its frame. Joey choked in surprise, his eyes bulging out of his head as Julian squeezed down hard.

"I'll rip you to shreds," Julian growled.

"No!" Dani screamed at the same time that another shot boomed out of the room.

"Son of a bitch!" Devon snarled, tired of being shot at.

He darted past the door, joining Julian on the other side. Another shot reverberated through the hall. "Devon!" Cassie screamed.

"Stay in there!" he shouted back at her.

Julian glanced sharply at him, his hand tightened on Joey's throat, choking the air from him. He showed no remorse as his fingers dug into Joey's skin. "How are we getting that bastard out?" Julian hissed at Devon.

Though the shots would not kill them, not unless they had their heads blown off completely, they could wound them enough to incapacitate them long enough for someone to kill them. And the bullets still hurt like hell. Devon glanced back at the door then over at Joey. "We can use him as bait."

"No!" Joey gasped at the same time that Julian's smile widened.

"Wait! No! You can't! Please don't!" Dani screamed hysterically.

Cassie's head popped back out of the room, Chris's head appeared above hers. Devon met Cassie's wide eyed gaze. He felt no remorse about killing any of the people that had kept her here, especially if it would keep her safer in the end. He did not wish to do it in front of her though.

"Get back!" he growled. She hesitated, her gaze terrified and lost. "Get her back Chris!"

Chris nodded before grasping hold of Cassie's shoulders and pulling her back. Devon waited to make sure that she didn't come back out before he turned to Julian. Excitement rushed through Devon as memories of the way he had once been, of the things him and Julian had done together, pounded through him. Bloodlust and the demon surged forth, eager to break free of the cage that Devon had locked it away in for far so long.

Julian quirked an eyebrow, a small smile curved his mouth. "Welcome back," he whispered.

Devon shook his head, knowing how very much he would love to destroy every human around him, would love to savor the slaughter, but he could not allow the beast out. He wasn't sure he could control it without getting Cassie involved, and he didn't want to do that again. No matter how much he wanted to, he could not kill Joey with her here. "Give me his shirt," he growled.

Julian stared hard at him for a moment; his gaze darted briefly toward Cassie as he nodded slowly, disappointment evident in the slump of his shoulders. Julian smashed Joey against the wall, releasing him briefly to rip the shirt off of him. Joey stumbled slightly as Julian shoved him back again. He tossed the shirt to Devon, who snagged hold of it. "If anything happens to me..."

"I'll make sure she gets out of here," Julian promised no hint of malice or want in his voice. Devon studied him curiously, unable to understand this person beside him. Julian had been brutal and violent, almost as bad as he himself had been. But now, now Julian was completely different, and Devon knew it was because of Cassie.

"Julian," he growled.

"She doesn't want me Devon," he said softly. "But I'll keep her safe."

Devon nodded, wishing that he understood this more, but knowing that he didn't have time to figure it out. Devon glanced down the hall, not at all surprised to find Chris and Cassie peering into the hall again. "Stay there," he ordered briskly. She opened her mouth to protest. "I mean it," he growled before she could say anything.

She swallowed heavily before nodding slowly. Devon turned away from him, wadding up Joey's shirt he threw it in front of the door. Bracing himself he bolted through the doorway a split second after the shot rang out. The older man holding the gun took a startled step back as Devon rushed him. He took another step back, raising the gun as he attempted to fire it again. He didn't have time to squeeze the trigger before Devon seized hold of the gun. He ripped it fiercely out of the man's hands, causing him to cry out in pain as two of his fingers snapped.

Throwing the gun aside, Devon thrust his elbow into his windpipe as he carried the man backward into the wall and slammed him hard against it. The man made a gurgling noise, choking as he kicked wildly against him. "Devon!" Cassie screamed. "Devon!"

He caught a flurry of motion as she came skidding around the corner, barely catching her balance when her feet slipped out from under her. She righted herself, her eyes finding him instantly as relief filled her. Anger spurted through him as he shook his head, he should have known that she would not stay where she was told, but just once he wished that she would listen to him. Just once he wished she would think about her own safety first. Though he knew that was an impossible thing to ask for. "I'm ok," he said softly.

She nodded briefly before turning her attention to the man he held. Her eyes widened in surprise, her mouth parted on a small gasp. She stood perfectly still for a moment, and then, everything changed. Her mouth snapped closed, her eyes blazed a violent shade of red as fury twisted her beautiful features.

"You!" she accused fiercely.

Devon stiffened; the hairs on the back of his neck stood on end as he turned slowly back toward the man he held. The man was staring at him, his blue eyes wide in terror, his face a florid shade of red. Devon dug his arm in tighter, causing the man to sputter and choke, gasping for breath as he struggled against Devon's hold. Judging by Cassie's reaction to him, this was the man that had hurt her the most.

And Devon hated him for it.

A loud snarl, and a vicious curse, snapped Devon's head around. Julian had entered the room, his hand still wrapped tight around Joey's throat, but his eyes were focused upon the man that Devon held. A snarl twisted his mouth, his elongated fangs cut into his lower lip. He shoved Joey brutally away from him, slamming the young man off of the wall. For a moment Devon was certain that Julian was going to charge at them, but he remained where he was, just barely hanging onto his composure. It would not take much for him to attack though.

Chris appeared behind him, his hand wrapped tightly around Dani's arm as he pulled her into the room. Chris stared hard around the room for a moment before settling on the man that Devon held. Dani trembled in his grasp. "You could have killed me!" she snapped at the man, her eyes shimmering with tears.

The stranger struggled within Devon's grasp, the air whistling in and out of him. Though Devon longed to crush his windpipe, he eased his grip on him. He was sure they would need him for some answers. The man choked in some air, sputtering as Devon stepped away. He took hold of Cassie's hand, pulling her slightly behind him as the stranger stumbled forward.

Cassie's hand tightened on his in displeasure as she took a step from behind his back. "Who are you?" she demanded.

The man righted himself; his hand cradled his wounded throat as he struggled for air. He glanced wildly around the room, searching for an escape route and finding none. "You had better start talking," Devon snarled.

His gaze snapped back to Devon, his eyes wild with fear. "You may want to close the door," he said in a hoarse whisper. "There are still a few of them running around out there."

Chris hesitated for a moment before reaching back and closing the door. He slid the lock into place, keeping his hand against the knob as he turned slowly back to the room. "Who are you?" Cassie demanded again.

The man's eyes lit upon her, hatred bloomed in them. Devon growled, stepping swiftly in front of her in order to block her from the man's loathsome stare. "I haven't killed in a long time, but I won't hesitate to rip out your throat if you look at her like that again!" he hissed. The man's eyes snapped back to him, fear widened them as he backed into the wall. "Now, who the hell are you?"

"Derek," he answered. "My name is Derek."

Cassie inhaled sharply behind him, her hand tightened painfully around his. He could hear the quickening beat of her heart; feel the horror, terror, and confusion that washed through her. She pressed closer to him, her breath coming swiftly in and out, her chest rising and falling rapidly against him as the stranger pinned her with his hate filled gaze.

"Her father."

CHAPTER 7

Devon grabbed Cassie as her knees buckled, catching her before she hit the floor. Her air was strangled in her chest, the constriction in it making it impossible for her to breathe. He grabbed hold of her face, holding it gently in his grasp. "Breathe," he whispered. "Just breathe."

She gasped in air; it seared into her lungs, burning all the way down to the hollow pit of her stomach. Her breath shuddered out of her, pain racked through her extremities. Devon held her tight, keeping her somewhat grounded through the racking pain that suffused her. She gulped down another harsh breath, letting it out in a hitching sob that threatened to shatter her.

Her father! This man, this cruel bastard that had so easily tortured her was her father!? It couldn't be; her father was dead. Her father had been a good man! At least she had convinced herself that he was a decent man over the years, when she had daydreamed about what he had been like. Her grandmother had always told her that he was a good man, that he had loved her mother, and Cassie, dearly.

But apparently she had been wrong. Her father had brought her here. Her father had stood impassively by as they had tortured and drugged her. Her father had helped them to do it all to her, he had been the one in charge of her torment. Her father hated her!

Another sob exploded from her, her fingers curled tightly around Devon's wrists as she tried to keep herself grounded with him, tried to gain strength from him. Devon loved her, her friends loved her and that was all that mattered, she tried to remind herself. She had never known her father, and although this man claimed to be him, he was not.

Her father didn't matter, she repeatedly told herself. This man was a stranger, a monster. This man may have helped to create her, but he had not made her the person that she was. He was nothing to her. And yet she still felt as if her heart had been ripped out, still felt as if someone had slammed her in the chest with a baseball bat.

Devon wrapped his hand around her head, pulling her close to kiss her gently. "Are you ok?" he asked softly.

Cassie managed a nod, trying hard to steady the shaking in her body. He held her tight against him as he turned slightly back to her father. He tried to keep her blocked from the man, but Cassie refused to let the man know that he had affected her so badly. There was absolute hatred etched into the man's features, his blue eyes were hard, cold, unremorseful. Cassie could not bring herself to look at him anymore. Turning away, she focused her attention on Chris who was watching her with confusion and uncertainty, but there was also sympathy and pain evident in his sapphire gaze.

Releasing Dani, Chris came slowly over and pulled her gently from Devon's arms. Devon reluctantly released her to Chris before focusing on her father again. Chris wrapped his arms around her shoulders, holding her tight as he moved her swiftly away. Julian remained unmoving, his hands fisted tightly, and his entire body ramrod straight as fire burned in his eyes.

Cassie could only stare helplessly back at him, wishing that she could somehow take all of this away from him. Dani was gaping; her eyes darted wildly between Cassie and the stranger that was her father. Even Joey looked stunned by the revelation. "I didn't know," Dani whispered shaking her red streaked hair back. "I swear I didn't know Cassie."

Julian moved swiftly forward, snarling viciously at her father before shoving into a door at the back of the room. He needed to escape, needed to calm down, before he killed them all. The door crashed open, swinging wildly back and forth. "Here!" he shouted back to them.

Cassie hugged Chris tighter, thankful for his unwavering love and support. Devon strode forward, grabbing her father by the arm as he hauled him roughly into the other room. The man stumbled slightly as he tried to keep up with Devon's long, furious strides. Joey remained unmoving upon the floor, his eyes wide as he stared up at them.

"I really didn't know," Dani whispered again.

Cassie pulled slowly away from Chris, moving stiffly to the door they had disappeared through. She pushed it open, her eyes widening in surprise as she took in the wood boxes piled from floor to ceiling against two walls. Devon and Julian were no longer in the room, but there was another door across from her.

She made her way to it, pushing it slowly open. Cold air hit her at once. She shivered, pulling her hands inside the sleeves of her baggy coat in an attempt to ward off the chill. Devon and Julian glanced up from where they stood by a set of cooler doors. Inside the coolers were bags of blood lined up in rows from floor to ceiling. Both Devon and Julian's eyes were bright red with fury and hunger; they gleamed in the dim light of the room.

Though she could feel her father's gaze upon her, she did not turn to him. "I'll get one of the boxes," Devon said softly, hurrying toward her.

"Is it drugged?" Devon froze, his eyebrows drawing sharply together as he stared questioningly at her. "The blood. The food they brought us in here was drugged before. Is it drugged now?"

Devon's jaw clenched tightly, his nostrils flared with fury. Julian cursed loudly, the door of the cooler slammed against the other one as he flung it open. He snatched a bag roughly out. Glowering at her father, he ripped the top easily off of it. He inhaled deeply before nodding briskly to Devon. "It's good," he muttered. "They must drug it right before they bring it to us."

They all turned toward Cassie's father, but he remained immobile, his face as cold as stone. "Drugs are probably stronger that way," Cassie whispered.

Julian shrugged and downed the contents of the bag before tossing it aside. Devon slipped his arm through hers, pulling her gently back into the other room. Squeezing her arm, he released her to grab hold of one of the stacked boxes. Cassie watched in amazement as he ripped off the top, which had been securely nailed on, as if it were nothing. He dropped it to the floor, turned the box over and dumped its contents on the ground. Cassie took a small step back as stakes clattered across the floor, skittering about her feet.

Chris, drawn by the noise, poked his head into the room. His eyebrows rose questioningly as he studied the stakes. "Hope they have better weapons than those," he muttered before ducking out again.

Cassie silently agreed as she stared at the wooden weapons. She was hoping to find something that wouldn't require them to get so close to the Halflings roaming the town. Devon opened the door to the room with all the blood; he threw in the box and its lid. He turned back to her, his body humming with tension, his face immobile and hard. "Let's see what we have in here, and hopefully it is better than stakes."

Cassie glanced at the hundred or so boxes piled within the room. They were of all shapes and sizes, but she was a little afraid that they might all contain the same thing. Grasping hold of one of the boxes, she pulled it from the top of the pile. She tugged at the top, but was unable to pull it off. Devon reached around her, his hard arms locking against her sides, the muscles in his forearms bulging as he ripped the lid off with apparent ease.

Her mouth parted, her heart hammered with excitement as she glanced up at him. Even in this hell of a place, in this god awful situation, he still managed to entice her. His gaze returned to hers, his eyes once again becoming the vivid emerald color she cherished. His finger stroked lightly over her jawbone as he bent to kiss her. Cassie stood on tiptoe, losing herself to the touch and feel of him, burying herself in the tenderness and strength of his love. His arms encircled her as he pulled her tight against him, cradling her gently in his warm embrace.

A disgusted sound tore her away from the bliss that his kiss brought to her. Cassie turned to find her father standing in the doorway, his eyes narrowed fiercely, and his hands fisted at his sides. Loathing and revulsion blazed from him, pounding against her. She ducked her head, unable to stand the hatred coming from her own father.

Devon growled low in his throat, his hand wrapped around the back of her neck as he turned her slightly, trying to protect her from the man's glare. Julian appeared in the doorway, the box propped under his arm. He shoved her father forward, casting a fierce glare at the smaller man. "Move," he ordered gruffly as he shoved her father back into the front room. He propped the door open with the box so that they could keep an eye on the three of them, and Chris. "Let's get what we can out of these boxes and get the hell out of here."

Cassie nodded, pulling reluctantly out of Devon's arms as she turned her attention back to the boxes.

***

Cassie propped the box on her hip, bracing herself as Julian slowly pulled the door open. He peered into the hallway, searching it quickly before nodding briskly. He stepped into the hall, followed closely by Dani, Joey, and her father. Devon glanced sharply back at her, his hand encircling hers as he stepped into the hall next. He had not wanted her to be behind him, had fought against it, but in the end it had been determined that it would be best to have their enemies surrounded by the two strongest members of the group, him and Julian.

Covering her mouth with her shirt, Cassie followed them out the door. She closed her eyes before they reached the hallway with all of the carnage. Devon led her swiftly through the mutilated bodies. They turned another corner, but Cassie kept her eyes tightly shut, not wanting to see her cell again, or the room where they had electrocuted her.

She shuddered, her hand tightened around Devon's at the reminder that it was her own father that had ordered such a thing done. "Almost there," he said softly.

The hair on Cassie's neck stood up, her whole body erupted in a tingling chill. She froze, pulling Devon sharply back and causing Chris to slam into her. Her eyes flew open as she rapidly searched the deserted hallway. "Cassie?" Devon asked quietly.

She shook her head, holding her hand up to silence him as she strained to hear anything within the hallway, strained to hear whatever it was that she knew was watching them. And there was something. She could feel it out there, creeping steadily closer, hunting them from the shadows of the compound.

She glanced swiftly at Chris whose gaze was darting rapidly around the hall. "There is something here," Cassie said softly.

"Yes," Chris agreed.

Devon stepped closer to her, pushing her toward the wall. "Where is it?" he hissed.

Chris shook his head. "I don't know."

Devon used his body to move her toward the others. "Move slowly."

Cassie nodded, licking her lips nervously as they continued down the hall, braced for the imminent attack. Her entire body hummed with adrenaline; her fingers trembled on the box she held. The one she was prepared to drop at a moment's notice. Her edginess grew as they turned another corner; she knew that the closer they got to freedom, the more likely the attack would be. Her hand tightened on Devon's, squeezing him as tight as she could. She was so very scared of whatever was stalking them.

A loud clatter overhead caused her to jump in surprise; Devon jerked her hard against him. The box slipped from her grasp as he pinned her against the wall with his body. Everyone braced themselves for the battle, but the hall remained silent, eerily so. "We need to get out of here," Julian hissed.

"They're stalking us," Devon said softly.

"They?" Cassie asked in a choked whisper.

He nodded, his black hair falling across his forehead, his emerald eyes hard as he scanned the ceiling and hallway. "Yes."

A shiver ran down Cassie's back. She caught Chris's eye over Devon's shoulder, they needed to get out of here, all of them. "Devon we have to move," Cassie whispered.

He nodded slowly, bending to retrieve her box as he moved cautiously away from her. Cassie took her box back from him as he bent to retrieve his own. "Let's go," Julian said gruffly.

Cassie pulled her crossbow from her back, grasping hold of it with one hand as she juggled the box under her arm. They had found a cache of weapons in the room. Aside from stakes it had held more crossbows, a long bow, more guns, and a nifty little thing that appeared to be a flame thrower when assembled. "You need to give us some weapons," Joey said, his voice tight with a hint of panic.

"Like hell," Julian grumbled.

"You're going to need our help against them. We have a right to protect ourselves in here!"

"You have no rights as far as I'm concerned!" Julian snapped ferociously back.

Joey stared at him in startled disbelief; Dani remained silent as she moved steadily forward, her head bowed in resignation. "Monsters," her father muttered.

"I think you're the monster," Cassie retorted. "You're the one that created this mess. You're the reason we are being stalked right now. You're why we're all here. You're the monster!"

She was shaking with fury by the time she was done talking. Tears of frustration and anger burned her eyes. Her father stared coldly back at her, hatred evident in his twisted features. She had so often dreamed about what her father had been like, imagined that he had miraculously survived The Slaughter, but this man was nothing like what she had pictured. This man was an atrocity who had been twisted by hate and violence, a cruel stranger she wished had never come back into her life.

"You might want to stop looking at her like that," Devon growled. "You're not getting a weapon, and if it wasn't for your DNA I would have ripped your throat out already."

Her father's eyes widened slightly before he turned away from them, his shoulders set tight, his jaw clenched. "Devon," Cassie said softly.

He shook his head at her, silencing her instantly. She knew that Devon was telling the truth, it was simply the fact that Derek was her father that had allowed him to make it this far. Devon would not hesitate to kill him though, especially not if he felt that it would help keep her safe. Cassie thought she should be more upset by that notion, but at the moment she couldn't bring herself to care. Even if he was her father, she didn't know the man, and a very big part of her hated him right now.

Devon pushed her slightly back in front of him again, using his body to shield her from anything that might attack from the back. Cassie wanted to protest, she didn't want him in danger, but arguing would be futile. He would not back down from this, not when her safety was involved. "I meant what I said. Stay close to me Cassie, they'll attack soon."

It was not the threat of attack that made her shudder, but the fact that she was very aware that Devon would kill any threat to her, no matter who or what it was. He wrapped his hand gently around her neck, keeping her close to him as they moved slowly down the hall. Though she could not hear the creatures, she knew they were shuffling through the shadows, stalking their progress. Her hand tightened on her crossbow as terror flooded her.

"Almost there," Dani said softly, hope evident in her voice.

Cassie swallowed heavily, she wanted out of here in the worst possible way. Her nose and skin were desperate for fresh air. She wanted to see the night sky and the moon. She wanted to inhale air that didn't reek of the dead and see something outside of this horrid place. She wanted to be free and alive and away from the monsters silently stalking them.

Cassie held her breath as they reached the double doors and Julian pulled them slowly open. He poked his head out, glancing into the stairwell before nodding. He disappeared through the door, holding it open for everyone else to follow. Cassie was almost through when she saw it coming. It leapt easily down the hall in long graceful strides that swiftly ate up the distance between them. Cassie threw her box through the door, grabbing hold of Chris she spun slightly, bouncing him off of Devon as she shoved him out of the hallway. Devon and Chris were both knocked backwards, tripping over each other as they fell through the doorway.

She didn't have time to register the fact that it was the most ungraceful she had ever seen Devon. She only had a split second to react, a brief moment to swing up her crossbow, and no time to aim before pulling the trigger. The arrow slammed into the things shoulder, jerking him back momentarily, barely slowing its rapid pace and most certainly not stopping it. She didn't have time to grab another arrow and reload the weapon before the thing was upon her. Grasping the crossbow in two hands, she slammed it into the creatures chin, snapping its head back as it seized hold of her.

Devon bellowed her name, shoving past Chris as he scrambled to get to her. Cassie lifted the crossbow again, smashing it against the monsters face. Its/his cheekbone caved beneath the blow, leaving a gaping wound that would have left a human helpless, and would have staggered a vampire, but did nothing to ward off this monster.

Its hands dug into her skin, leaving painful bruises across her arms as it tried to get closer. Its teeth snapped eagerly as it attempted to rip her throat out, attempted to mutilate and destroy her. She could smell its fetid breath; its lingering stench of death engulfed her. Panic swamped Cassie, this thing was crazed, irrational, and driven only by its desire to see her dead. She snapped the crossbow down, shoving it into its chest in attempt to further block its attack.

Teeth snapped inches from her cheek; she turned her head to avoid it, trying hard to hold it off as she regained her bearings. A loud roar enveloped her. Devon grabbed hold of the thing by the back of the neck, flinging it off of her with one mighty heave. Cassie staggered forward, nearly falling as the weight was pulled off of her.

The monster screamed as Devon grasped hold of her, shoving her toward the double doors. "Go!" he hissed.

Chris reached for her, but she shook him off, unwilling to leave Devon alone with the creature. She turned as another creature came barreling out of the darkness, leaping over its downed friend and slamming hard into Devon. Cassie gasped as the woman tore at him, slashing her long fingernails down his side, shredding his shirt and spilling his blood.

Cassie raced toward him as he grabbed hold of the woman's throat, pulling her off of him and holding her at arm's length. The woman spit and clawed, hissing loudly as she swung violently at Devon. Cassie's heart leapt into her throat, her fingers trembled as she struggled to pull another arrow free.

She loaded it into the crossbow, taking aim at the man that had regained his feet and was coming back at them. Pulling the trigger, Cassie took satisfaction as the bolt slammed into his chest, knocking him ass over tea kettle as he bounced down the hall. It writhed upon the ground, clawing at its chest, its breath heaved in and out in a rattling whistle. It would not be long before it died.

She raced toward Devon as Julian burst back into the hall, overtaking her in his rush to get to Devon's side. Devon seized hold of the woman's head, twisting it violently around with a sickening snap that made Cassie's stomach lurch. He shoved the disfigured creature away from him, slamming his fist into the back of its twisted head. The woman, no the thing, staggered forward a few steps before falling to her knees. Cassie felt as if she was watching a grotesque movie as the woman's head lulled around on her broken neck, but she did not die.

Cassie took a staggering step backward, nausea twisted through her as she stumbled into the door. "Get out of here!" Devon bellowed at her.

Julian had stopped running; disgust twisted his features as he watched the creature crawl blindly around. Cassie took a small step back, unable to stand watching anymore. Chris grabbed hold of her arm, trying to draw her back, trying to pull her free of the horror in the hallway. Chris froze, his eyes bulging from his head as he gaped at the creature in dismay. Julian and Devon remained unmoving for a moment, before bursting into action again.

Julian spun toward her, shoving her through the double doors so roughly that she fell over Chris, both of them staggering into the stairs. Cassie's palms and knees screamed in protest as she landed roughly on the concrete steps. Dani was still in the hallway, her eyes wide with shock and disgust, but Cassie's father and Joey had taken the distraction as an opportunity to flee.

Cassie glanced up the stairway, spotting them two flights above. Cursing loudly, Cassie untangled herself from Chris as Devon and Julian burst into the stairwell. "Give me the keys!" Julian demanded of Dani.

Her hands shook as she tossed him the keys that fell a few feet short. They clattered to the floor as the woman slammed into the door, and then something else slammed into it. Dani screamed as Devon threw himself against the door, holding it closed as the creatures screamed and howled on the other side. "We have to stop them!" Cassie hissed to Chris, bounding back to her feet.

Cassie leapt onto the stairs as Devon and Julian struggled to keep the doors closed against the monster inside. Dani grabbed the keys, rushing over to help them get the doors locked again. Forgoing the weapons and supplies they had gathered, Cassie raced up the stairs. She took them two at a time, in great leaping bounds as she sprinted to catch up with her father and Joey.

She could not let the two of them get away; they could not be free to reign down more terror on some other unsuspecting town and its inhabitants. They could not get away without some type of punishment, and they had to explain what the hell they had done to these creatures, and how many there really were.

"Cassie!" Devon roared after her.

She ignored him as she jumped up the stairs, pushing herself harder, faster. She had to get to them before they got to the top, they could easily disappear into the darkened hallways, and the night if she didn't. Joey's head appeared over the side of the banister, his eyes widened as he caught sight of her just a flight beneath them now.

Cassie grasped hold of the railing, using it to pull herself faster, using it to guide her along. "Hurry!" Joey gasped.

Anger and fear fueling her, she poured on the speed, gathering on her vast reserves of power as she bounded swiftly forward. Her father had reached the mangled door as she hit the top of the stairs. "No!" she cried, rage propelling as if she had wings.

Slamming into him, she pulled him backward, shoving him into Joey, and the wall. She fell against the one good door, slumping slightly as she tried to catch her breath. Her father's furious eyes blazed into hers. He grabbed hold of her, trying to pull her away, but she shoved him off refusing to let him near the door again. "No," she hissed again. "You will not get away that easy."

"You have no right!"

"I have every right!" she snapped back, smacking his hand away when he reached for her again. "You have no right to be free! Look at what you have done here, the atrocity that you have created. This world is far better without you roaming it!"

He shrank back slightly, and then hatred and fury blazed forth in his eyes. "You have no right to judge me you traitorous bitch!" he spat. "You've turned against your own kind. You're an abomination, a monstrosity. A nothing!"

Cassie felt as if she had been slapped, she recoiled from him, pressing tighter against the door. She wanted to cower from his words, wanted to deny them, but there would be no reaching him, no reasoning with him. He believed what he believed, and he always would, no matter what her relation to him was. Before she could say anything more, he reached out and slapped her with the full force of his might. Cassie gasped her hand flying to her cheek as her head snapped to the side. Tears of shock and pain flooded her eyes, but she blinked them rapidly back as she gazed hatefully back at the stranger across from her. Because no matter what he said, he was not her father, he was a stranger.

Straightening away from the door, Cassie glared hatefully back at him. "Think what you want about me, I don't care because you are nothing to me also. But you will not leave here, and you will not be set free in this world again. This nothing will make damn sure of that!" she snarled.

His eyes widened in surprise as he took a small step back. Devon leapt out of the stairwell, skidding to a halt at the top of the stairs. His eyes were the color of fire, fury radiated from him as he raked Joey and her father with a scathing glare. "Are you ok?" he demanded.

Cassie nodded, knowing that the red mark on her cheek could easily be explained by the attack below. She had no doubt that Devon would kill her father if he learned that the man had just slapped her. "Are they locked in?" she asked softly.

"Yes, but I don't know for how long. We need to get out of here." He strode toward her, shoving her father and Joey out of the way. His eyes latched onto her reddened cheek. "What the hell happened?" he demanded.

Cassie shook her head as Julian, Dani, and Chris reached the landing, their arms laden with boxes of supplies. "That thing down there," she muttered, not able to look at him as she uttered the lie. "Let's help them."

Devon tried to stop her, but she dodged his grasp as she hurried forward to take two boxes from Dani. She could feel Devon's gaze burrowing into her back, but she didn't turn to look at him again. "Cowards," Dani hissed at Joey and Derek.

"Most definitely," Cassie agreed.

CHAPTER 8

Cassie sat by the window, her legs drawn up against her chest, her chin resting upon her knees as she stared at the silent street. The sun had come up a few hours ago, but she had yet to speak since they had arrived back here. There was too much to ask, too much to know, and she didn't want to know any of it. She was tired of being surprised, tired of being blindsided by fate, and she was very tired of being betrayed by those that were supposed to protect her.

She turned her head, resting her cheek on her knees as she stared across the room at the man that claimed to be her father. She had never known him, but she had once loved the idea of him, the image of what she had wanted him to be. This man was none of those things, and she greatly wished that she had never had the displeasure of meeting him. She greatly wished that he had died in The Slaughter like he was supposed to have.

He stared back at her, his eyes narrowed, but ringed with bags from lack of sleep. His arms and legs had been tied to the chair, there would be no escaping for him, and she would make sure of that. She turned away from him, tightening her grip on her legs. In the far back she could hear murmured words, and from down below she could hear the whispers of Devon and Julian's conversation. Joey had been tied up and placed downstairs, it had been decided that it was best to keep the two of them separated.

No one was out here with her, having moved slowly away after the first few hours of her not speaking. That was something that was mirrored within her father, as he had not said a word either, despite Luther's incessant, demanding, and furious questions. He had remained as silent as she had through it all. Cassie had the odd feeling that he would speak to her, if she asked, but she was not willing to ask. Not right now anyway.

Shadows played off of the street, skeletal branches danced across the pavement. It looked so lonely and eerie out there, so cold and desolate. There was no sign of life, not even a bird chirped in the distance. "My grandmother used to talk about you and my mother once in awhile," she said softly, finally. "Apparently she didn't know you very well."

He remained silent for a moment, his head tilted to the side as he studied her. "Where is Lily?" he inquired.

A pain tugged at her heart, guilt and loss swamped her for a brief moment. "Dead."

He grunted softly. "And I'm sure that it was one of these monsters."

Cassie turned slowly toward him, despising the sight of him. They stared hard at each other for a long moment. "No, it was another monster."

"And where is that one?"

Cassie swallowed heavily, her hands fisted against her legs. "She's dead. I killed her. A fact that I am sure Dani has already informed you of."

He stared hard at her for a moment, his eyebrow quirked in what appeared to be amusement. "You have your mother's spirit. Though I'm sure she is better off dead than seeing what you have become."

Cassie recoiled, not wanting him to see her distress she turned her attention back to the deserted street, feeling almost as empty and desolate as it looked outside. "My grandmother was very proud of me, for everything that I did. She accepted Devon, she welcomed him into her home, and she welcomed him into our lives. She loved me, and she was proud of me, and she was the best person I have ever known. She would not be proud of you however. She had loved you like you were her own son, and she would despise everything that you are now. I am not ashamed of myself, of what I am, or who I love, but you should be."

He remained silent for a long while, Cassie continued to stare out the window, knowing that she should leave, but unable to bring herself to move. "How did you survive The Slaughter?" she asked softly.

He sighed, his feet shuffled slightly on the floor. "We were all taught to fight. We were all taught to survive and use our abilities to the best of our abilities."

"And you're a survivor?"

"Yes."

"And my mother?"

"Was not."

Cassie winced, unable to stop herself from shooting him a fierce look. "Did you even love her, or me?"

His dark blue eyes were fierce in the small amount of light penetrating the room. "Yes, it is why I have made it my quest to make sure that these monsters are eradicated forever."

"By creating even worse monsters?"

He was silent as he stared back at her, his mouth quirked in that disgusted manner. "We were trying to help."

"And you created things that are far worse than anything we could have ever imagined. You made these things and you destroyed this town. You destroyed hundreds of people only to have your own creations turn against you. Good job Dr. Frankenstein."

He stared unblinkingly back at her, his hands tight on the arms of the chair. "And you've crawled into bed with a monster. I made a mistake, you made a choice."

Cassie sighed softly, unraveling her legs. She wasn't going to bother to deny his accusation, or defend herself. Not to him. She was beginning to realize that he was not entirely sane, or rational. There would be no changing his mind, and she didn't particularly care to try. Whatever had happened to him over the years had completely changed him from the man that her grandmother had loved and admired greatly.

"What is your ability?'

He grinned at her, shaking his head at her. "That's my secret."

Cassie glared hard at him, but decided to let it go for now. They would find it out one way or another. Cassie folded her hands before her as she rested her elbows on her legs. "The ones down there aren't the same as the other one that I encountered. They're stronger, faster, and they seem even more blood thirsty. How and why did you make them?"

He was silent for a long time, his eyes on the window behind her. "We just wanted to do some different experimentation, to see what would go right, and give us the best results. Give us the best fighters. There were some failures along the way."

Cassie winced at the word failures. They had been humans, people with families and loved ones. People that had lived and loved and laughed, until these lunatics had gotten a hold of them. And now they were monsters, with no rational thought, looking only to kill and mangle and destroy. "Why would you keep them alive?"

He finally turned his attention back to her. "To study them of course, to see if they could be controlled, and to see how they thought and reacted to things."

Cassie swallowed back her disgust, fighting the urge to get up and flee the room, and this monster. Her father. She shuddered, her hands tightened painfully. "I thought they didn't think."

"Yes they do. They react to stimulation, to blood, to movement. And they think about death and violence, and blood. They do think and they do react."

Cassie stared hard at him for a moment before nodding slowly. "Where are the children? Did you do this to them also?" His silence made her heart pump louder, her blood ran cold and her skin chilled as if an icy hand had grabbed hold of the back of her neck. "Did you?" she breathed, though she knew the answer.

"Some of them."

It took all that Cassie had not to throw up, or not to fly across the room and attack him in a violent rage. She remained immobile, for to move would only instigate one of those two reactions. She shuddered, taking a deep breath as she tried hard to keep herself under control. She could not stand the thought of coming across children that were like the other monsters in this town. She could not stand the thought of having to kill one of those innocent beings.

"The children were even more unstable than the adults. We don't know the reason why but they were not viable as further candidates in our experiments."

Cassie gagged, bile rushed up her throat, but she was able to shove it back down. Her legs quivered as she climbed to her feet, her knees shook, but she could not sit any longer. She moved slowly away from him, using the wall to guide her and keep her trembling legs steady. She couldn't look at him anymore; she knew she would kill him if she did. And she could not be the person that killed her own father, no matter how much she thought he deserved it.

"How many children are out there, running free now?" she choked out.

"The children were all destroyed, as I said they were even more volatile and uncontrollable than the adults. They could not be allowed to survive. The havoc they would have wreaked would have been unstoppable."

Cassie shuddered again, disgusted with herself for the relief that filled her. She couldn't have destroyed a child; no matter what kind of monster it was, she couldn't have killed it. And she could not have allowed the others to kill it either. She hated herself for feeling grateful that none of them would have to do so. And she hated her father even more for putting her in this horrendous situation.

Tears shimmered in her eyes; she wiped them quickly away, bracing herself to face her father again. "And the other children?" she asked softly. "The ones that you didn't put down there?"

He remained silent, and she knew that he was waiting for her to look at him again. Straightening her shoulders, Cassie turned slowly toward him, keeping her face as impassive as possible. Trying hard not to let him see how badly his words had shaken her. She instinctively knew that he would not approve of weakness, and would shut her out because of it.

"They were shipped off."

"Where?"

His mouth quirked into a sneer as he studied her impassively. "Like I would tell you. I don't want you anywhere near those children."

Cassie snorted in disgust as she shook her head. "You don't have to tell me anything," she retorted. "I can just have Julian drag the memories forcefully from your mind. I am sure that you know very well what he is capable of. I'm also certain the experience can be very uncomfortable if he wants it to be."

Her father paled slightly, and then nodded slowly. "Yes, I am well aware of what Julian is capable of, but I will not tell you."

Cassie nodded. That was fine; she didn't particularly care how they got the information, only that they got it. She was not going to leave those children lost and adrift in the world, possibly being tortured like their unlucky friends had been. She would find them, and she would make sure that they were safe afterwards. She would make sure that they didn't suffer anymore than they already had.

She would find them if it was the last thing she did.

"How did you make these creatures so strong?" she inquired, wanting to hear what he had to say for himself, before Julian got his hands upon him.

His glance once more returned to the window. "You know if they break in here, I'm vulnerable to an attack while tied to this chair."

Cassie's eyes narrowed as she glared fiercely at him. She knew what he wanted. If she released him, he would tell her, but there was no way she was releasing him. She didn't trust him enough to release him. She didn't trust him enough to even give him a damn leg back. "I'll just have to make sure they don't get near you, if I'm motivated enough," she added coldly, hoping that he got her point as well.

He quirked an eyebrow, his jaw clenched tightly before he nodded. "I suppose you will." They stared hard at each other for a long while before he finally nodded. "Vampire blood alone wasn't working, we couldn't figure out the combination. So we decided to add a new blood, with the vampire blood."

Cassie stared silently at him, no longer having the capacity to be horrified or surprised. "So you added mine."

It was not a question, just a statement of fact that she already knew. "Yes."

She didn't want to hear anymore, there was nothing left for her to hear. She turned away, needing to get some distance between them before she turned back. "Why did you give me Julian's blood?"

He shrugged to the best of his ability. "To see what it would do. To see if it would make you stronger, or if eventually you would become one of them. And either way it would have been interesting to see the effects on you."

Cassie closed her eyes, her hands fisted tightly. "You must feel like a real hero, running all of those experiments, testing them on your own daughter."

"You're not my daughter."

She blinked in surprise, unable to understand why his words would still cause a stab of pain to her heart. This man should mean nothing to her, but unfortunately he didn't. "You're right, I'm not." She turned away from him, meaning to leave, meaning to get as far away from this monster as possible. She wanted nothing to do with the man that claimed the same DNA as her. But call her a masochist there was one more thing that she had to ask. "Why didn't you come for Chris and I when we were younger?"

He studied her for a long while, a muscle in his cheek twitched slightly. "I was injured in the battle, by the time I recovered enough to come after you, your grandmother had already fled the state. I didn't know where you were, or anything about you, until Luther started poking into the history of The Hunter's, and Joey arrived here. I'm glad I didn't find you."

Cassie couldn't stop the tears that burned her eyes as she nodded slowly. If he had found her, he would have destroyed her the moment he realized she didn't have any abilities. Or she would have been locked away and experimented on until she went insane, or her body finally gave out on her. "So am I," she whispered.

She moved swiftly away from him, unable to listen to anymore. She turned the corner to find Devon and Julian standing by the coolers. They were large, dark, and powerful. Their eyes were agleam in the light coming from the coolers, their postures rigid and hard. Cassie could feel the anger and hatred radiating from them in waves. Luther stood behind them, the lenses of his glasses gleaming. Anger had made the lines in his face harsher. Chris was leaning against one of the glass doors, his arms folded over his chest as he stared hard into the darkened room behind her.

Melissa stood silently beside Chris, her onyx eyes glistened with unshed tears. Her black hair spilled across her shoulders, the blue highlights in it gleamed in the light of the cooler. Dani was immobile, her eyes wide in horror, her mouth parted slightly as she stared behind Cassie. Annabelle and Liam stood close together, their hands entwined tightly. Annabelle's sea green eyes gleamed brightly while Liam's oddly silver eyes were narrowed with anger. She hadn't heard any of them enter the room.

"You ok?" Devon asked softly.

"Yes."

She moved into him, wrapping her arms around his waist as she rested her head on his chest, savoring in the hard strength he radiated. No matter what happened, no matter how awful things were, as long as he was here she didn't care. As long as he was here she could get through anything. He enfolded her tightly, his hand wrapping around the back of her head as he cradled her tightly.

"How much did you hear?" she asked softly.

"Most of it," Devon answered, his eyes dark and distant, his body tense with anger.

"I'll go watch him, you need to get some rest," Julian said, turning to move away.

"Julian." He turned back to her an odd gleam in his crystalline blue eyes. "We will need to learn what he knows."

Julian flashed a heart stopping grin at her, his white teeth flashed brightly in the dark night. "Oh, it will be my pleasure," he purred.

Cassie frowned, knowing that she should feel bad about what Julian might do to him, but unable to find the energy to do so. She was too tired now to feel sympathy and compassion for someone that had never shown her, or Julian, any. But she knew that she could not allow Julian to be cruel to him.

"Not tonight Julian, and not cruelly. We can't sink to his level, no matter how much we would both like to."

"It doesn't matter," Luther said on a sigh. He pulled his glasses off, cleaning them as they all stared questioningly at him.

"Of course it matters! The children!" Cassie retorted sharply when Luther did not continue.

Luther shook his head as he slid his glasses back on. "Yes, yes, of course the children matter," he said quickly. "That is not how I meant it to sound. We must find the children, but Julian will be unable to help us do so."

"Like hell I won't," Julian snarled, taking a step toward Luther. "If you have a problem with me hurting him..."

"I don't," Luther said flatly.

Cassie started in surprise; her eyes were wide as they darted to Chris and Melissa. Chris's eyebrows were in his hairline; Melissa gaped at Luther in shock. None of them had ever heard Luther sound so uncaring. "Luther," Cassie breathed.

He glanced toward her, his grey eyes hard and unyielding. "My main mission in life is to see you all safe. That man out there is a danger to that safety, and to the safety of many others. We need to know what he knows, no matter how it has to be done. Even if he is your father."

Cassie didn't know how to react to that. She burrowed closer to Devon, trying hard to keep control of her swaying emotions. This had been a very long, very tiring, awful day. "Then why don't you want me to do my thing?" Julian growled.

Luther's gaze briefly met Cassie's before darting to Julian. "Because Derek had, has, psychokenesis too."

Luther's tone was bitter, anger simmered in his eyes as they met Cassie's startled gaze. Though Luther had never met her father, Cassie knew that he had always respected and admired him. They had believed that Derek had given his life in order to help keep Chris and Cassie alive. And there were only three things that Luther cared about and they were Melissa, Chris, and Cassie. To Luther, the fact that Derek was still alive, and a threat to the three people he cared about most was an ultimate sense of betrayal to Luther and their entire race. To Luther, Derek was already dead.

Julian cursed loudly, his lip curled into a sneer as his hands fisted tightly. He wanted nothing more than to exact his revenge on Derek for everything that had been done to him. But if Julian and her father (no not her father, Derek) had the same ability, then they would cancel each other out. Julian would be useless against him.

Julian swore again and slammed his hand onto a shelf. Cassie, Chris, and Luther jumped slightly as cans rattled across the floor. Devon swung down, scooping one of the cans easily up. He shot Julian a censuring look as he tossed the can to him. "Keep the noise down."

Julian's head snapped toward him, his eyes narrowed fiercely as they flashed a violent red. Cassie inhaled sharply, greatly afraid that Julian would finally unravel. Greatly afraid that being denied his revenge would shove him right over the edge. Devon grabbed hold of Cassie's arm, pulling her swiftly behind him as he braced himself for an attack.

"Don't!" Cassie cried, dodging Devon's questing grasp as she jumped back in between them. "Julian stop!" She placed her hand on his chest as she spun toward Devon. His eyes were also now a fierce red as he reached toward her again, seeking to get her out of Julian's range. "Stop Devon, it's fine."

She allowed him to seize her hand in order to try and calm him down. He tried to tug her away, his red eyes darting fiercely to Julian as Julian's fingers wrapped lightly around her hand, pressing it tighter to his chest. Cassie turned slowly back to him, hating the pain and need she sensed in him as his ice blue eyes met hers. His fingers squeezed briefly around hers before he released her slowly.

Cassie stared helplessly back at him as Devon tugged her away, pulling her against his chest as he enveloped her in a tight hug. "Stop doing that!" he hissed low in her ear, his lips pressed close to her.

Cassie shivered as she hugged him briefly. He hated it when she put herself in his way, or any vampire for that matter, but there were times when she needed too. Times when she had to step in to keep Devon from killing someone. Especially now, she could not allow him and Julian to kill each other simply because they were frustrated with the situation. As they all were.

"I'm fine," she assured him.

He rested his lips against her neck for a brief moment as he struggled to regain complete control. Finally, he pressed a soft kiss against her skin before pulling away. Cassie turned toward Julian, but his attention was now focused upon Luther, his eyes still their beautiful ice blue color. "Are you certain of this Luther?" Julian's voice was gravelly, harsh with his disappointment about not being able to drag the answers he wanted from Derek.

Though he tried not to, Cassie felt his eyes dart to her. She smiled wanly at him, hating his pain. She truly did love him, and she wanted him to be happy, but unfortunately she was not the person that could give him that happiness. Maybe, when they all got out of this and Julian knew what he wanted for certain, he would find himself a wonderful woman that made him feel the same way that she felt for Devon.

For a moment hurt lingered in Julian's eyes, then they sparked with their usual amusement and he winked at her. Cassie grinned back at him, relieved to see her friend again.

"Yes, I'm sure. Every Guardian knew what the other Hunter's were capable of. It was recorded into the books, and the Guardians were informed of them in case they ever needed certain abilities from a Hunter. Especially Hunter's with an ability like Derek's, which is powerful and very handy, as you well know."

Julian smiled a little as he nodded. "Yes I do, except for now."

"Can you make him tell us?" Cassie asked softly, craning her neck to look up at Devon.

He bit on his bottom lip for a moment, his gaze briefly meeting Julian's hard one. Julian's eyes gleamed; a small spark lit them as he lifted an eyebrow at Devon. Cassie tensed as she glanced questioningly between the two of them. It was more than obvious that there was something she was not getting here.

"He will fight it Cassie," Devon replied slowly.

"So?"

"If he fights it, it will be painful. Very painful."

Cassie swallowed heavily, hating the idea of causing pain to anyone, but it was necessary to find out what Derek knew. "Ok, well that's not good, but..."

"If he fights it and I still burrow in, he could go mad."

Cassie's eyes widened, her mouth parted in horror as her heart flipped over in her chest. Go mad? Devon could actually drive him insane? Cassie shuddered at the thought, and the sheer strength of his power. "But will you still be able to find out what we need to know?" Chris asked.

"Chris!" Cassie hissed in disapproval, shock shooting through her.

"It needs to be done," Liam stated flatly.

Cassie glanced wildly around, searching for someone that would agree with her. Unfortunately, she seemed to be the only one that found something wrong with this scenario. She turned toward Devon, hoping to find some support from him, but she knew there would be none. He would do whatever it took to keep her safe, even if it meant destroying her father's mind.

"Devon..."

His eyes were hard, his jaw set as he met her gaze. "We need to know Cassie. Everything. I can make him tell us all of it."

"Even if it drives him crazy?" Annabelle inquired softly. Cassie's head snapped toward her, grateful for someone with a little reasoning. "Can you live with that Devon?"

"Yes."

Annabelle hesitated for a moment before she nodded; her strawberry curls bounced around her shoulders. "Ok then."

"Devon..." Cassie started.

He grasped hold of her shoulders, silencing her protest. "We'll give him the choice to tell us, or not, but either way he will reveal what he knows. It will be his choice if he survives it, or not."

"Survives it?" Cassie croaked.

"It will not kill him, but it won't leave him the same."

Cassie looked wildly around. She hated the man for everything he had done to her, and to her friends, but she could not do this to him. "No, we cannot do that. We are not these people! We are better than this. We are better than him!"

"The children Cassie," Melissa said softly. "We have to find those children before any more harm can come to them. Think of all they have lost so far, we must save their lives."

Cassie shook her head, hating their reasons, hating the fact that she knew they were right. Pulling away from Devon, she straightened her shoulders and turned to storm back into the room where her father was tied. His head was bowed, but he lifted it as he heard her approach. She studied him carefully, trying to find something she could relate to in him, some spark of humanity, but she found none.

Why on earth did she feel bad about hurting him when he'd felt no compunction about hurting her?

"We need to know what you know," she told him crisply. He simply stared at her, his face emotionless, his eyes flat. "I know that Julian is useless against you." His hard mouth quirked to one side in amusement. "But Devon's not."

The smile slipped from his face, his eyes darted worriedly behind her as the others filtered further into the room. "I will fight it."

"And he will destroy you if you do. You will either tell us, or you won't be the same afterward. Those are your only choices. You have until tomorrow to decide."

She turned away from him, suddenly needing to escape. Needing to get as far from this monster as possible before she snapped completely. Her skin itched, her heart beat rapidly in her chest; her need to escape became almost frantic. Devon came swiftly toward her, seeming to sense her intense desperation. "Come on."

Taking hold of her hand he led her into the small side room. Cassie was surprised to find a ladder door pulled down into the middle of the room. She frowned at it, her gaze darting up the ladder to the dark space beyond. "What is that?"

"The attic. Luther found it while we were gone."

He helped her up the ladder, staying behind her as she climbed swiftly up the rickety stairs. She stepped into the small attic space, glancing around at the wooden beams that ran across the ceiling, and the old curtains that covered the tiny windows. It was slightly colder up here; she wrapped her arms around herself in an attempt to fight off the chill.

Devon appeared behind her, crouching down to avoid the beams that ran across the ceiling. Moving slowly along, he was bent nearly double as he tugged a group of sleeping bags from behind a few old boxes. "I put these up here earlier. I thought you might need some time alone."

Cassie nodded, tears of gratitude burning her eyes as he laid the sleeping bags swiftly out. He made a makeshift bed quickly before turning back to her. She could only stare at him for a moment, admiring the play of shadows across his magnificent face, and the glow in his emerald eyes. Her heart swelled with love and pride. He was hers and there was nothing that she wouldn't do for him, nothing that she would not give him.

"You know they have already given me vampire blood, and I am no different than I was before."

He looked slightly taken aback by her words. His mouth parted in surprise, his eyes widened slightly. But she could also sense the spark of hunger, want, and need that shot through him. The hunger and need that he would never admit to, and tried to keep as hidden from her as much as possible though she knew that it was always present. "Cassie..."

"I want this Devon," she whispered.

He stared at her for a moment, hesitant and worried. "As do I," he groaned in a hoarse voice. "But there is no way of knowing what would happen if you were changed."

She bit her bottom lip nervously, hating the fact that he was right, hating the fact that she could not be with him completely right now. It had taken her awhile to even decide that she wanted to join him. And it seemed that from the moment she had decided she wanted it, everything had gone to hell, everything had aligned against them ever being together completely. She didn't want to think that it was some sort of omen, didn't want to think that the fates had aligned against them, but it was hard not to sometimes. She just had to remind herself that it was not fate that had aligned against them, but horrid men like the ones tied up below.

Taking a deep breath, Cassie decided to try another route, one that would give them both what they wanted. "Then don't change me, not yet anyway. Not until all of this is over, and I won't be needed for the battle as much..."

"Cassie!" he hissed, his hands fisting. "This has nothing to do with needing you in battle, and everything to do with my fear over what could happen to you."

Cassie sighed softly as she nodded. "I know that Devon," she whispered, hoping to ease the tension radiating from him. "But I want to be with you forever, and once this is over I want you to change me, consequences be damned."

"Cassie..."

"But until then, I just want to know what it is like to taste you, to have your blood inside of me."

He inhaled sharply, his hands fisted so tight that the corded muscles of his arms stood out starkly. She could see the fierce war he was waging with himself, the struggle for control that he was trying to maintain. She thought that he would deny her again, that he would argue with her. Instead, he bent to pull the sleeping bags back, holding his hand out as he beckoned welcomingly to her. Cassie's heart leapt into her throat, excitement tore through her. She desperately needed this, desperately needed him. She did not hesitate as she hurried forward, slipping her hand easily into his.

He helped her between the blankets before sliding in next to her and wrapping it tightly around them. Cassie savored in the strength of his hard body, pressing herself closer to him as he enveloped her. She could feel the excited hum of tension radiating from him as she rested her cheek on his hard chest.

He ran his hand over her hair and face, caressing her gently. She lay with him for a long time, relishing in him, and his love. She lifted her face to his, kissing him gently, losing herself to the feel of his hard lips against hers, losing herself to the wonder of him. His hand tightened on the back of her head, pulling her tighter, deepening the kiss. Cassie's body thrummed with excitement, her heart hammered wildly in her chest as she opened her mouth to his invasion.

His tongue swept in, caressing her, loving her. Cassie sighed softly, going limp against him as she gave herself over to his touch, smell, and taste. There was nothing as wonderful as he was; nothing as all consuming and needed. And she did need him, desperately. She needed every aspect of him.

He rolled her slowly over, pressing her into the sleeping bags as he continued to touch and caress her. Unlike the other times when things had become this passionate and intense, she felt no panic, no sense of self consciousness. She did not think about the many women in his past, but only of him and everything that he was to her, everything that he would always be.

"Cassie," he breathed in her ear.

She shivered, her fingers curled into his back as tears of pure joy burned her eyes. His lips pulled back, his teeth brushed lightly over her neck as he scraped his fangs against her skin. Cassie clung tighter to him, shaking in anticipation of what was to come. She gasped, ecstasy filling her when he bit deep. Tears spilled down her face, her fingers dug into his hair as she cradled him against her. His contentment filled her; his hunger suffused her. He encompassed her completely, filling her with the golden warmth of his pure love and joy.

He pulled slowly away from her, not closing the wounds in her neck as he bit deep into his wrist. Cassie winced at the pain it must have caused him, but he showed not even a flicker of response. He watched her intently; his eyes ablaze with desire and need as he lifted his wrist to her mouth.

Cassie stared at him for a moment before grasping hold of him and bringing his wrist slowly to her mouth. His eyes widened and then narrowed with pleasure, his arm tightened around her as he pulled her closer. Cassie hesitated, it was blood after all, but it was the want in his eyes, the tension and desire in his body that drove her forward.

He groaned when she bit down, his eyes closed in ecstasy as he pulled her against his chest, holding her gently. The blood was strange, metallic tasting and warm, but it was not unpleasant, and in fact it had a sweetness to it that she found surprising. Cassie drifted on the contentment that flowed through her, drifted as he filled her. She could stay like this forever, never changing a thing, never leaving the secure embrace of his arms.

***

Devon watched Cassie as she slept soundly, curled up on her side, her hands tucked beneath her head. She was unbelievably beautiful and serene, her face lax, her features gentle and calm. It was the first time he had seen her at peace in so very long, even yesterday she had not slept soundly, but had tossed and turned and moaned as if she were in pain. Not today though, today she was an angel with no worries, no cares, and that's the way he wanted to keep it. At least for a little while.

He cradled her gently, unable to believe that she was his, unable to believe that she gave her love and her blood to him so freely. Unable to believe that he had been blessed with such a wonderful person, especially after everything he had done in his long, miserable life. He nuzzled her hair gently, savoring in the sweet scent of her. Though he could taste the lingering remnants of Julian's blood in her, he did not smell Julian upon her anymore which was a good sign that Julian's blood was swiftly fading from her system.

It was his blood he smelled upon her now, his blood that pulsed through her system, marking her as his own. Even though he wanted her by his side forever, for now he was more than content to hold her, taste her, and love her. He glanced around the cramped room, grateful for its distance from the others.

When they were out of this mess, he would think about taking her completely. He might consider making her his forever, but not here, not in this place, and not with the horror haunting them outside of this building. And not with the uncertainty of what that change might do to her hanging over their heads. She deserved something special and wonderful, and she deserved the peace she had not experienced in years. And he sure as hell didn't want her monster of a father anywhere near them when it happened.

She stirred slightly, her long lashes fluttered open. Her violet blue eyes were groggy with sleep, but she smiled beautifully up at him. He bent to her, kissing her gently, tasting his blood upon her lips as he relished in her. His body tensed as he fought the intense desire to lose himself in her completely. But he couldn't do it, not right now anyway.

Pulling away, he caressed the silken curve of her cheek. "How are you feeling?"

"Wonderful," she purred, curling up against him. "Simply wonderful."

He couldn't stop the satisfied grin that spread over his face. "Good. Are you hungry?"

"Not hungry enough to leave here right now." He chuckled softly, pulling her tighter against him as he rolled onto his back. She lay against his chest, her hair spilling across the both of them. "When will you change me Devon?"

He stiffened beneath her, his hands clenched at her back. "Cassie, because you can handle vampire blood does not mean that the change would not have dire consequences for you."

She yawned before shaking her head forcefully. "It doesn't matter."

He sighed softly, stroking his hand gently through her silken hair. He knew that it was what they both wanted, desperately, but there were more consequences than what might become of her. "And the fact that you will never see sunlight again?"

She bit her bottom lip, her eyes darkened as delicate frown lines marred her forehead. "It's a small price to pay."

"Cassie..."

She shook her head as she propped her chin on her hands to stare down at him. "I want this Devon, more than I have ever wanted anything. I want nothing more than to know that I will spend eternity with you."

He groaned as he closed his eyes, fighting against his baser urges. Fighting to stay under control while her wonderful words echoed loudly in his head. "And if things go wrong?"

"We will deal with them then."

He sighed, cupping her cheek gently with his hand. She leaned into him, smiling softly as she stared innocently down at him. "What if I lose you?"

"You'll lose me anyway if I stay mortal. I think my body can handle this Devon, I'm almost positive that it can. You won't lose me, I won't allow it."

He couldn't help but smile at the fierce conviction in her voice, the intensity in her face and eyes. "I'm sure that you will do whatever you can, but..."

She shook her head; her eyes twinkled as she grinned down at him. "No buts, we'll get through it, look at how much we've already gotten through. This is a small hurdle compared to the others."

He smiled at her in amusement, tugging lightly on her hair as he wrapped it around his finger. "Is that so?"

"Very much so." His grin faded as he stared at her beautiful features, and bright, hopeful eyes. He wanted nothing more than to keep her by his side forever, but he didn't want to risk the danger such a thing represented to her. "Besides, since I am your mate then everything has to be completed right?"

His hand stilled on her, his chest constricted. "That is the way that it is supposed to be, but this is a special case Cassie. We may never be able too."

Her eyes darkened, her eyebrows drew tightly together as she frowned at him. "We will," she said forcefully.

"Are you willing to give up children? A family?"

She snorted softly as she shook her head. "I gave up hopes of children years ago Devon, when I found out what I was. And my family is here, with us. Just because we don't share blood doesn't mean that they aren't my family. Hell, the one I do share blood with is the one that I don't consider family."

Pain and anger resonated in her voice, but there was also a steel rod of strength hardening her jaw and resonating from her eyes. "But you could have children; you don't have to give up that dream."

She shook her head forcefully, her frown deepened as her eyes narrowed. Her jaw clenched slightly, her nostrils flared as she eyed him angrily. She was one of the most stubborn people he had ever run across, and right now that streak was blazing brightly. There would be no talking her out of this right now he knew that, just as he knew that he didn't really wish too. He only had her best interests at heart, but he also wanted and loved her more than he had ever loved or wanted anything.

"No," she whispered. "I would rather have you."

He managed a sad smile for her, knowing that she deserved to have children and a normal life, but a normal life had never been her destiny. Even before he had walked into it, her life had been chaotic and uncertain. But she still could have children, and she would make an amazing mother. "You share my blood," he said, trying to distract himself from his turbulent thoughts.

Cassie shivered, her lips parted slightly. He recognized the desire that blazed fiercely through her and reacted to it instantly. "Yes," she whispered.

He tugged on her hair, pulling her down to him. He claimed her mouth savagely, wanting so much more, wanting all of her. Taking her blood on a regular basis helped to keep the beast within him under control, but he wondered if it would always stay that way. Or if eventually the beast would want more, as the man did.

A loud crash downstairs tore him away from her. Wood splintered as glass shattered. Devon tossed the blankets from them, leaping easily to his feet as a cry of surprise and horror echoed up the stairs. "Stay here!" he ordered briskly.

He didn't have time to make sure she obeyed his command as he hurried swiftly forward, easily dodging the low ceiling. He ignored the stairs as he jumped down, landing gracefully upon the floor. The front of the store was still secure; Cassie's father was tied to the chair, his eyes wide with terror. Another crash sounded from the back as Devon bounded forward, oblivious to the fact that he wore no shoes, or shirt.

CHAPTER 9

Cassie leapt down the stairs behind Devon, landing silently upon the hardwood floor. Her father's eyes were bulging out of his head, panic evident on the hard lines of his face. "Let me out of here!" he gasped.

"Stay quiet!" she hissed.

She moved swiftly forward, her blood pumping fiercely, a strange thrill of power pulsing through her. She was primed for this fight, ready for it, determined to win. A loud crash resonated from the back, shaking the floor beneath her feet, but she hardly felt it as she honed in on her enemy, her prey. Passing by the racks of hunting equipment, she grabbed one of the knives they had placed there earlier. It was a wicked looking foot long Bowie, with a gleaming, well honed blade.

She felt oddly tranquil, oddly focused as she strode toward the chaos she could hear radiating from the back room. She stepped into the fray, her mind and instincts rapidly taking in the scene. Five of the creatures had burst through two of the back windows, glass lay scattered across the floor amongst the broken bits of wood that had been used to try and blockade the windows.

Annabelle and Liam were fighting off one, Julian was engaged with another. Devon had one, and Chris and Melissa were methodically beating on the fourth, while Luther and Dani were battling the fifth. Cassie strode into the fray, aiming straight for the one that Chris and Melissa were struggling with. Another one leapt through the window, squealing with delight as it spotted her, Cassie lifted her eyebrow as it raced at her. She braced herself for its attack, eager to take out some of her frustrations on something.

The fight was short and brutal. Cassie ducked away from its initial rush, thrusting the blade upward as she drove it into the creature's chest. It howled in pain, falling back as it clawed at the wound she had just delivered. Cassie felt no sympathy, held no remorse as she pulled the blade free and drew it swiftly across the monsters throat, driving it deep.

Her mind seemed to turn off as she moved swiftly away from the mutilated monster, heading for her next victim. She barely heard Devon calling her name, trying to reach her through the red haze of annihilation pumping through her as she turned toward the next monster. However, her world was no longer filled with thoughts of the living, and the people she loved; it was consumed with death and destruction once more.

She moved easily, flowing swiftly through the motions of battle, drawing on her training and abilities to help push her through. To keep her going, fighting, moving. She blocked out everything else as she drew on thousands of years of intuition and breeding as she hunted down her next victim.

***

Devon shoved aside the creature he had been fighting with, struggling to get at Cassie as she spun beautifully, moving with the easy grace of a ballerina as she slit the monsters throat. For a moment he was mesmerized by her beauty, her grace, the speed and confidence with which she struck.

But it was only for a moment, and then he realized that it was not natural. The way she was moving, the speed of it, Christ she was almost as fast as he and Julian. And she seemed to be twice as deadly at the moment. Devon snapped out of his stunned daze as one of the creature's grabbed hold of her arm. Terror took over him as she battled the last creature within the room. He hardly had time to move before she slammed her elbow into its jaw, snapping its head back. With the things throat exposed, Cassie drew the blade swiftly across its neck before plunging it deep into the creature's chest.

She flinched slightly as blood splattered over her. Devon's chest clenched tightly, terror filled him as she reached up with trembling fingers to wipe some of the blood from her cheek. The room was eerily quiet after the battle, the hushed silence thick in the night. Cassie held her hand in front of her, staring at the blood on her fingers as she rubbed it slowly back and forth between her thumb and index finger. Melissa flinched at the sharp sound of Cassie's knife clattering onto the wooden floor.

She spun suddenly, her hair flailing around her as she stormed out of the backroom. Devon burst into motion, pushing Liam aside as he bolted after her, greatly afraid of what she might do. She did not flee outside like he had half expected, but instead turned the corner toward her father. Devon cursed loudly, shoving a shelf out of his way in order to get to her faster. He no longer cared about noise as it bounced loudly off the ground, its contents crashing and rolling across the floor.

Devon caught up to her as she stopped before her father, her eyes a vivid red, her body shaking as she lifted her blood stained fingers toward him. Devon froze, his body going numb with horror.

"What did you do to me?" she whispered in a hoarse, desperate voice that broke his heart and caused tentacles of ice to encase him.

The man simply stared at her, his gaze focusing on the trembling fingers she held before him. A single drop fell from her tips; the soft splat on the wood was loud in the quiet that filled the room. The others shuffled in slowly behind him, remaining perfectly silent in the darkened room.

"What did you do to me!?" Cassie screamed causing everyone to jump slightly in startled surprise.

Her father lifted his head slowly; his eyes gleamed as a small snarl curved his lip. "What needed to be done."

Devon felt the snap that radiated out of her, the fury that blazed from her. The hatred that suffused her. It thundered through the room, filling it with the pulsating power of her rage. Her hands fisted tightly, and for a moment Devon thought she was going to hit him. Then, like a sucking vortex, the rage seemed to go back into her. The trembling of her body eased, her hands unclenched. "You're not worth it," she whispered. "You're not worth anything."

He quirked an eyebrow, a small smile curved his mouth. "It seems you may be one experiment that succeeded."

"Son of a bitch!" Julian snarled, taking a step toward him.

Cassie held up her hand, warding him away. "Maybe I am," she agreed softly.

She turned away from him, her red eyes landing upon Devon. There was a bleak hopelessness in them that tore at his soul. He took a step toward her.

"If you won't do it, I will." Melissa stormed out of the shadows, striding easily across the store. Before Cassie could stop her, Melissa reached out and slapped Cassie's father, hard. The slap resonated throughout the building, Derek's head snapped to the side. "You deserve worse," Melissa muttered.

Shock filled Devon as Melissa took a step back; her hands fisted in anger as she glared at the man in the chair. Derek's head came slowly back around, a trickle of blood formed in the corner of his mouth. Then the smell of that blood hit him. Cassie's burst of rage was nothing compared to the one that instantly suffused him, and ripped free of Julian.

CHAPTER 10

Cassie gasped as Devon's eyes flared a fierce shade of red and his fangs elongated almost instantly. Hatred blazed out of him as he took a step forward. Terror tore through Cassie, she had no idea what was going on, or what had caused such a violent reaction in him. She turned to Julian, who had the same stunned look on his face that Devon had had. Then that look also faded into murderous rampage as he snarled loudly.

Cassie spun as Julian charged forward, picking up a shelf and heaving it out of his way. Melissa's face was suffused in horror; she retreated swiftly away from the two of them. Derek's eyes widened in terror, he bounced up and down on the chair, strangled sounds of panic escaping him as he tried to get away from Julian's onward charge.

Cassie cried out in fear. She didn't know what had happened, what had caused this strange reaction, but Julian was going to kill him, and she couldn't allow that to happen. She lurched forward, but Devon reacted faster than she did. He jumped in front of her, blocking Julian from killing her father.

Julian reached out to push Devon aside, but Devon grabbed hold of his arm, holding him back. "Get out of my way!" Julian snarled.

Cassie's heart flipped with panic, her stomach felt as if it plummeted straight to the ground. She had no idea what was going on here, no idea what had set them off, but she was fairly certain they were going to end up fighting. That they may even kill each other. "Wait! Stop!" she cried.

She took a step toward them, but Devon held up his hand, his furious eyes briefly snapping toward her. "Stay there!" he barked.

Cassie started in surprise; he never talked to her like that, he never raised his voice to her. Her shock was short lived though as anger and frustration rose swiftly up inside her. She took a step toward them, refusing to be intimidated by either of them, even though they both looked about ready to rip her father to shreds. Though she knew that neither of them would ever hurt her, they were acting crazy right now and she had no idea why. Luther moved swiftly, grabbing hold of her arm as he pulled her swiftly back.

"Luther!" she hissed.

"Stay out of this one," Luther said softly.

Frustration boiled through her. Devon pushed Julian back another step, blocking his attempt to get at her father again. Julian snarled, lunging forward. A startled cry of horror escaped Cassie, she tried to jerk free of Luther, but he held her tight. Julian slammed hard into Devon, knocking him back a few feet but Devon managed to keep her father protected from Julian's rampage.

Julian went at him again, using his shoulder he slammed hard into Devon's ribs. The loud cracking of bone echoed through the air. Panic and horror tore through her as Julian shoved Devon into the wall with enough force to rattle things off the shelves near them. Cassie lunged forward, determined to get to them, to stop them before they really hurt each other.

Luther's grip on her held momentarily, but then she burst free of him. She was darting forward when Liam stepped in front of her, his eyes narrowed. Cassie glared fiercely at him, but he continued to block her. A fierce shout snapped her head back to the fight. Devon had somehow managed to rotate their positions, he now had Julian pinned against the wall, his hand wrapped tight around his throat as he lifted him off the ground.

Cassie squeaked in horror, Liam continued to block her as she tried to step around him. "Liam!" she hissed.

"Stay back," he warned.

Julian swung out hard, catching Devon beneath his chin and snapping his head back. Devon staggered back a step, but he did not lose his grip on Julian. Devon lifted him easily away from the wall, acting as if Julian weighed no more than a feather as he slammed him back into the wall. Julian's eyes rolled for a brief moment, but he quickly regained control of himself.

Cassie dimly realized that they were not actually trying to kill each other. If that was the case this fight would be a lot more brutal. However, they were hurting each other. "Calm down," Devon growled, placing his hand firmly against Julian's chest.

"He's mine!" Julian spat, his face twisted with fury as his gaze briefly landed upon Derek.

Cassie froze; her limbs went numb as Devon's gaze came slowly toward her. She could see the hesitation in his face, the fierce want for something more, the fierce battle he waged with himself between making her happy, and satisfying the monster within himself. Those red eyes burned into her. For some strange reason, the unexplainable urge to cry seized hold of her. A lump formed in her throat, her eyes burned as she blinked rapidly. There was something in his gaze, something so lost and wounded, yet loving and protective that it left her breathless.

Devon turned slowly away from her, focusing upon Julian once more. "Yes, he's yours," Devon relented. "But you can't kill him until we know what he knows."

Cassie cried out in horror, she took another step forward but Liam blocked her again. She glared fiercely up at him, her hands fisting at her sides. He was really starting to get on her nerves. "Fine," Julian relented.

"Wait!" Cassie cried, her eyes darting frantically to her father. Liam moved to block her again. "Get out of my way!" she snapped, frustration boiling rapidly through her as she fought the urge to punch him in the face.

Liam hesitated for a moment, but finally relented and stepped slowly aside. Cassie bolted past him as Devon released Julian, letting him slide slowly back to the floor. Though his reddened neck had to be killing him, Julian did not raise a hand to it. He took a step toward her father, but Cassie instantly thrust herself in between them. "No!" she shouted, throwing her arms wide to block him.

Derek was still making strange noises, his chair pounded up and down on the floor as he tried to hop it further away from them. Though it was strangely out of place in the pulsing tension of the room, the sudden thought of Chunk tied to his chair trying to get away from Sloth in The Goonies popped into her mind. She shook it instantly away, her father's life was at stake here she had to keep her mind focused on the present.

"Cassie..."

"No," she interrupted Devon sharply. "This is not going to happen. I know that you both hate him, but I will not let you kill him in cold blood. I know what a monster he is, but he is still my father!"

"Cassie..."

"No!" she screamed again, sick and tired of all the crap. Sick and tired of all the fighting and anger. Why can't we all just get along flashed through her head, but she knew that it was impossible. And she also knew that she would not allow anyone to be murdered in cold blood. Not while she was around. "No!"

The chair stopped clattering across the floor as Derek came up against a shelf. Merchandise rattled against the metal shelves, but nothing fell to the floor. A strange whimper escaped the man. Cassie winced, hating his terror, even if he had done worse to her, even if he did deserve it. Devon and Julian took a step toward her. They would never hurt her, but she was acutely reminded of the fact that they were larger, and far more powerful than she was. No matter how much of a fight she put up, they could forcefully move her out of the way if they chose to do so. Though she didn't think Devon would do that to her, Julian seemed determined to get at Derek.

Narrowing her eyes, Cassie braced herself for the battle. They would have to go through her to get to him. She glanced back at the sounds of shuffling behind her. Dani and Luther had taken up residence in front of her father. Chris glanced rapidly between Cassie and Derek before sighing softly and moving reluctantly over to stand behind her. He glanced briefly at her before dropping his head down. Melissa eventually moved to stand beside Chris, but Liam and Annabelle hung back, seemingly torn, and looking more than a little confused.

Devon took another step closer. Panic descended upon her, he was going to force her to move, and if he did so, things would never be the same between them again. She could never forgive him for standing back and allowing her father to be viciously murdered. Her heart lumbered painfully in her chest. His beloved emerald eyes were caring and intent as he stopped before her.

"Cassie." Her arms trembled, she braced herself for him to grab hold of her and move her, but he did not. "Cassie, that man is not your father."

The breath whooshed out of her in an explosive exhale. Her chest constricted tightly, disbelief and confusion swirled through her. "What?" she gasped, shaking her head forcefully in denial. "That can't be... What!?"

Devon's eyes were caring, warm, so unbelievably loving. "He's not your father Cassie."

Her arms fell limply to her sides, shock stuttered through her. She shook her head, unable to believe what he was saying. Just what the hell was he saying? "How could you possibly know that?" she whispered.

"His blood."

Cassie frowned in confusion. "Like knows like, blood knows blood," Julian growled. "That blood is nothing like yours. It smells nothing like yours, and it certainly doesn't belong to a Hunter. He is not your father."

Cassie couldn't breathe, she couldn't think. She tried hard to process this information, but it would not slip into place when her world was tilting so precariously at the moment. "He lied," Devon said gently.

Cassie shook her head. She wondered where her anger was, but it completely escaped her as she could find none when there should be lots of it. There was only a sad acceptance, and a joyful relief that left her shaken and weak. "He's not my father?" she breathed.

"No."

Cassie heaved a soft sigh, inhaling shakily as she turned slowly around. "Ok, ok good."

The man, this stranger that she didn't know, was watching her with wide, terrified eyes. The others had moved out of the way, apparently having decided that he was now fair game for Julian and Devon. A strangled cry escaped him; he fought desperately against the bonds that held him to the chair. Though she knew he was not her father, she still could not stop the rush of sympathy that swamped her. Because of this man she knew what it was like to feel trapped, helpless, at the absolute mercy of other people. But where he had shown her no compassion, she would show him some.

"Why did you lie?"

His eyes zinged rapidly around the room, apparently looking for something that he would not find. Wild, stuttering noises escaped him, but he formed no coherent words. Cassie's heart wrenched. She could not do this to him, it was not fair. Devon grasped hold of her arm as she took a step toward the strange man.

"Cassie."

She touched his hand gently, needing him to understand this, even if she didn't. "It's ok."

He hesitated, his jaw clenching. Devon gave her arm a brief squeeze before slowly releasing her. "Devon!" Julian hissed softly.

Devon held up his hand, holding Julian back when he came forward. "Wait," he ordered gruffly.

"Are you out of your freaking mind?" At Devon's head shake, Julian continued. "Is she!?"

Cassie knelt before the stranger. He cowered away from her, but she made no move toward him. Though she did not like his terror, she did feel he deserved at least a little of it. "Who are you?" The man simply stared at her, his breathing rapid, his eyes still bulging wildly.

Cassie rested her hand lightly on his leg, seeking to offer him some reassurance, but he instantly jerked away. For the first time, something other than terror, shone from him. He stared hard at her, his lip curled in revulsion. Cassie sighed as she leaned back. It didn't matter what she offered him, he was still repulsed and disgusted by her. She found the fact didn't bother her as much now.

"Fine, you hate me, I don't care. But we need to know what you know." She glanced toward where Julian and Devon stood side by side. She was briefly amused by the fact that they probably didn't realize they were standing identically, with their arms folded over their chests, their legs braced, as they watched her with nearly identical expressions of disbelief. They may not know exactly how they felt about each other right now, but it was apparent that they were still very in tune with one another. "If you don't talk to me than Julian will be the one to find that out."

Julian's full lips curled into a small smile as he gave her a sharp, approving nod. The man sputtered more disbelieving noises that drew Cassie's attention back to him. "He won't hurt you..."

"Like hell!" Julian snapped, his pleasure vanishing instantly. Devon placed his hand firmly against Julian's chest as he held him back. Julian glared fiercely back at him, his eyes flaring red, and his temper heating at the thought of being denied his revenge.

Cassie ignored him as she continued on. "But this is going to happen."

***

Devon stood silently; watching intently as Cassie leaned forward again, instinctively going to comfort the monster before her before she thought twice of it. She sighed softly; her hands fell helplessly back to her thighs again. He wanted to go to her, to pull her away from that man, to get her as far from the monster as possible. But she would fight him and for some reason, that he couldn't even begin to fathom, she was bent on comforting the man that had held her captive and tortured her endlessly.

She had always been a bit of a puzzle to him, but right now she was a downright enigma.

She sat for a moment longer, the deep sadness in her eyes almost more than he could bear. But, eventually, she stood slowly away from him. Though Devon wanted to go to her, he remained where he was, waiting for her to come to him. Whatever was going on inside her, she had to sort it out for herself.

Finally, she turned and hurried toward him. Devon opened his arms to her, relief filling him as he enveloped her tightly. Bringing her close to him, he buried his face in her hair, savoring in the delicious scent of her. He would never understand her completely, and she would never cease to amaze him, but he loved her more than he had ever thought possible.

Pushing her thick hair gently back, he kissed her silken skin lightly. She shivered as she pressed closer to him. Her bright eyes met his, a soft smile spread across her full mouth as he kissed her. A tightness began to build in him, he clung to her as he fought the rising desire and lust that built rapidly within him. He pressed his forehead against hers as he pulled away, lightly stroking her face with his fingers.

"I need you to go out back with everyone while I talk to Julian." She opened her mouth to protest, but he quickly cut her off. "It will just be for a minute, and there is something that we need to discuss. And we need to get those windows boarded back up."

She frowned for a moment before nodding swiftly. "Ok." Devon did not want to release her; he did not want her out of his eyesight for even a minute, especially with those things running around. But this had to be done, and it would not be long. She stepped out of his arms, frowning at Julian as she gave him a fierce, determined look. "Don't hurt him," she ordered briskly.

Julian quirked an eyebrow as surprise, disbelief, and something akin to amazement flitted across his features. "If he fights it, it will hurt."

Cassie hesitated for a moment, her gaze darted toward the man watching them intently. "Try your best not to."

Julian's mouth dropped as he shot Devon a look that clearly asked if she was out of her mind. Devon shook his head at him, trying to silence him before he could say anymore. Julian's mouth snapped shut, his arms folded over his chest as he studied Cassie. It was obvious that he was trying to figure her out, but Devon knew that was impossible.

She moved slowly toward everyone else. Chris wrapped his arm around her shoulders, pulling her tight against his side as his head dropped against hers. Melissa and Luther enveloped her sides, pressing tight to her in an effort to comfort her. Annabelle and Liam held back for a moment before turning and disappearing into the back of the store with Dani.

"Is she serious?" Julian asked softly.

A bewildered expression was on Julian's face, his ice colored eyes were wide with disbelief and uncertainty. "Yes."

Julian blinked in surprise before turning toward the stranger in the chair. "After what they, what he did to us in there?"

Julian thrust an accusatory finger at the panicked man in the chair. Devon could not bring himself to look at the man again. If he did, he was greatly afraid that he just might kill the bastard himself. Though he knew Cassie's wishes, even if he didn't understand them, he also knew what he wanted to do to the man. What should be done to the man. And if it meant keeping her safe, he was going to do whatever it took to make sure this man never hurt her again, even if she didn't like it. He was not going to lose her again, and this man was the biggest threat to that happening.

"You heard what she said."

Julian spun back toward him, his jaw clenched and unclenched as he ground his teeth. Frustration boiled from him, murder radiated out of him. Devon shuddered, his own murderous urges simmering just beneath the surface. "I don't understand."

Devon closed his eyes, taking a moment to steady himself. "Neither do I," he admitted. "But Cassie is different than us; she's everything that is good and right in the world." Julian's eyes flickered, narrowing slightly. "It's why I love her; it's why we both love her."

Though it killed him to say those words, he knew that they were true. Julian did love her; even if he didn't understand her at all. Julian would do whatever he could for her, he would keep her safe, and he would do anything he could to make her happy. But they both knew that this could not be one of those times. Julian studied him intently, his eyes hooded and thoughtful. Devon's hands clenched as he fought the urge to punch Julian. He did not blame him for loving Cassie, it was impossible not to, but she belonged to him, and the thought of another person coveting her was enough to make him want to snap.

"Is that why we love her?" Julian inquired softly. "Or is it because of the darkness inside of her? Is it because we both know that something else resides in her, and we both respond to it?"

Devon started in surprise, his eyes narrowed fiercely. "What do you mean?" he growled.

Julian quirked an eyebrow, though that movement was usually one of amusement, there was no humor in him now. "You know what I mean Devon. Yes, she is exceedingly giving and caring and loving, but there is darkness in her. That darkness was there even before those bastards took us. I recognized it in her from the beginning, and if you really think about it, you did too. So, was it her goodness, or her darkness that pulled us both in?"

Devon opened his mouth to protest Julian's statement, but he snapped it quickly closed. He knew what Cassie was, he knew better than anyone what she was capable of, but he had never truly acknowledged what was inside of her. He thought back to when he had first seen her, when he had been drawn to her like a moth to a flame. Her inner light had shone brilliantly against the dark night surrounding her; she had stood out against the crowd of students gathered around her. Though he had not known what she was, he had been unable to resist her; unable to leave her side from the moment he had seen her.

But he had believed that it had been her light that had pulled him in, but had it also been the darkness inside of her? Had he also been drawn in by the power that had taking control of her, and enabled her to kill Isla even before she had been experimented on, tortured endlessly, and injected with Julian's blood? Had the darkness, and the monster inside of him, recognized its kin in her?

Devon hated the thought, but it was one that he had to face. He hated the demon inside of him. Cassie had enabled him to keep that beast locked away as best he could, but she also had one inside of her, lurking beneath the surface, waiting to break free. Waiting to destroy whatever enemy it had to destroy. Though he truly believed she was everything good, he also knew that there was a shadow inside of her.

That there always had been.

"It doesn't matter what pulled us in," Devon said softly, though he wanted to believe it was only the good, for both of them. "We're both here now, and the good in her far outweighs the evil."

"Does it?"

Devon spun on him, his hands fisting at his sides. "Yes, it does. I know what pulled me in!" he hissed. "It may not be the same for you, and I don't care, but we will not kill him."

Julian studied him for a moment. "I don't know what pulled me in," he admitted. "Even before I began to have suspicions about her abilities, I found myself oddly obsessed with her. At first I told myself it was just for revenge against you, and a challenge, but if I truly think about it I believe it was more. I wanted her from the beginning..."

"Julian!" Devon snarled, unwilling to listen to him talk about his desire for Cassie.

Amusement finally flickered over Julian's features. "Ok," he said, laughing softly. "I get it, don't poke the bear."

"Screw you," Devon spat at him, his lip curling. "You're an ass."

"Yes," he agreed. "But, I'm an ass with a point. You and I both know that to change her is dangerous. To all of us."

"That's why I don't intend to change her, not unless we know she will be safe."

Julian rolled his eyes as he heaved a large sigh. "Come on Devon sell that line to someone else. They may believe you, Cassie may even believe you, but I know you. I've known you for a long long time, and you're teetering on the edge my friend. I'm surprised you have lasted this long, but it is only a matter of time before you take what you want. And she is what you want."

"I can control it..."

"For now," Julian interrupted sharply. "But you need to realize the state that you are in, and the position that you have put us all in."

Devon's jaw clenched, his gaze darted to the man in the chair. He was watching them intently, listening to every word of their conversation. Devon glared at him, wishing that he could rip his throat out, wishing that he could sate his overwhelming thirst on the bastard. The man's eyes widened, he leaned as far away from them as possible as he recognized the murderous intent in Devon's eyes.

"I have not tasted her, and though I do love her, it is not the same," Julian said softly, his voice oddly thoughtful for Julian. The guy had never been thoughtful about anything. "I've touched you both, so I know that your feelings run deeper and stronger than anything I have ever felt. It is why I have stayed away from her, and why I have let you have her. But I also know that she means more to me than anyone I have ever known, and I want the best for her. For now, I believe that you are the best; you are what she wants. I cannot give her what you can; I'm not ready for that yet." Devon stared at him in disbelief. Julian was actually being selfless? Julian!? It was utterly confounding to him. "I'm just not sure if you're what is best for her right now though."

"Excuse me?" Devon growled.

"I don't want her hurt, and changing her could hurt her. And you will do it eventually, no matter what you think."

"Do you have premonitions now too?" Devon demanded.

Julian grinned at him, a frustratingly maddening grin that Devon wanted to punch right off his face. "Nope, I just know you, and I know what you want. I also know what she wants, and she's damn persistent and determined. And what she wants is to spend eternity with you, no matter what it might do to her. When it comes to you, she has no thought of herself, or her own safety."

Devon was silent, his hands fisted and un-fisted as he glared at the man in the chair. There was too much frustration inside of him, too much anguish and hunger. He needed to take his irritation out somewhere; there just wasn't anywhere to do it now. Not without risking all of their safety.

"If it weren't for the fact that I know it would destroy her, that she would not survive the loss of you, I would take her away," Julian said softly.

Devon spun on him, rage flaring instantly through him. "You even think about taking her from me and I will destroy you!"

Julian held his hands up as he took a step back from Devon's wrathful advance. "I just said that it would destroy her if she lost you, I wouldn't do that to her. But I fear for her safety around you Devon, and I fear for your sanity."

Devon took a step away from him, his jaw clenched fiercely. His gums ached, he could feel the familiar tingle of his fangs wanting to explode, wanting to destroy and tear and shred as they drained the life from something. Devon shuddered, closing his eyes as he struggled for control over his baser, instinctive urges.

"Do what needs to be done here. Find out what they did to her, and why. Find out who he is, find out how many of those things they created, and where the children are. Do it quickly Julian. I want to get her the hell out of this town and away from this ass."

"But don't hurt him," Julian muttered, disappointment evident in his voice.

Devon hesitated, wanting to uphold Cassie's wishes, but desperately needing some sort of revenge, some sort of relief from the itching desire to kill that was suffocating him. "Do what needs to be done," Devon growled. "Whatever it takes."

Julian's eyes gleamed, his eyebrow crooked. "That's the Devon I know."

Devon's lip curled into a snarl. He needed to get out of here, he needed to escape this store, he needed to hunt and kill. Even if he normally tried not to kill the animals he fed from, tonight that was all he wanted to do. But he could not leave here; he could not escape and leave Cassie vulnerable to the monsters that hunted this town. He was beginning to fear that he may be turning into an even bigger threat to all of them then the creatures outside the building.

Devon turned away from Julian, leaving him to his own devices. Leaving him to decide what he wished to do with the man. Devon would not interfere with what Julian decided, no matter what Cassie wanted. This man had hurt her, repeatedly, deeply; Devon wasn't about to make sure he remained unharmed. This man was still a threat to her, and as far as Devon was concerned it was best for all of them if he were dead.

Though, he knew that Julian would not kill the man. He may hurt him, but he would not kill the him, not if Cassie had said no.

Devon strode into the backroom, his eyes instantly latched onto her. She was standing by one of the back windows, helping to heap bags of feed before the shattered glass and wood. The other three windows had already been blocked off; the bodies had been stashed against the back wall. They would need to be removed soon, before they started to smell. But then, he had no intention of staying here for that long.

They would need to get free of here soon.

Cassie turned toward him, her gorgeous eyes widened upon him. She froze in her movements, before rising slowly to face him. Though he wished for nothing more than to keep the worst part of him from her, he knew that it was impossible. She saw everything, she knew him far better than he wanted her to.

She studied him, her eyes haunted and lost, her shoulders slumping slightly as realization and acceptance settled over her. He wanted her to come to him, but she did not move. She knew what he had done, knew what he was allowing to happen in the other room. Though Devon wanted nothing more than to make her happy, he could not give her this. Her safety was foremost, no matter what, even if it made her unhappy.

Even if she ended up hating him for it.

It was time to stop letting his emotions rule him, he had inadvertently placed her in this danger because of his emotions. It was time to start taking control. Even if it meant letting the monster rule part of him.

CHAPTER 11

Cassie turned away from Devon as Julian slowly entered the room. Her heart hammered, her hands shook with the fear and uncertainty pounding through her. She had never seen that look in Devon's eyes before, but she knew what it was. Hardness enveloped him, determination clenched his jaw. He was cold, distant; hard. He was not the man that she knew, and he was terrifying her at the moment.

Would the man she knew and loved come back to her when this was over? Had she lost him for good?

Her heart raced even faster at the thought, the blood rushed through her, hammering in her ears. Tremors shook her, her hands fisted tightly at her sides. Julian's eyes were hooded, his head bent slightly as he studied the floor for a moment. Then, ever so slowly, he lifted his head to look at her.

Cassie swallowed heavily, her heart flipped in her chest. Though she had always known that they were powerful, deadly; that they were two of the meanest, cruelest vampires to ever walk this planet, she realized now that she had never truly believed it. Or at least she hadn't wanted to believe it. She had wanted to ignore that fact in the two men she had come to know and love greatly.

She realized now she had been mistaken in her thinking. They may be more civil than most vampires, but they were not tamed. They were wild, fierce, and right now they were both on edge, dark, and deadly. Cassie swallowed heavily; her gaze slowly went back to Devon. He remained unmoving, his jaw locked tight, and his eyes as hard as steel. She wanted her Devon back; she wanted the warm loving man that she knew so well.

But he was not there. Not right now anyway and she was frightened he may never be there again.

A lump clogged her throat, tears burned her eyes. She bent her head as she fought hard against the panic trying to swamp her. "Done?" Devon asked quietly.

Julian shrugged. "For now."

"Is he alive?" Luther inquired.

Julian quirked an eyebrow, but there was no amusement on his features. "As much as I would like to, I wouldn't kill a man tied to a chair. I would give him a fair chance at escaping first. Well, as fair as it could be anyway."

"I see," Luther said, but there was a hint of disappointment in his voice that surprised her.

"What did you learn?"

Julian glanced at Devon. Cassie's hands fisted harder, the panic inside of her was beginning to turn into full fledged terror. Julian's ice colored eyes met hers; the sympathy in them caused her to take a step back. No matter what had happened between them, to them, he had never pitied her. He had never looked at her like that. Whatever he had learned had been awful, and she knew instantly that she was not going to like it one bit. She took another step back, bumping into the wall of feed they had placed before the broken window.

Melissa placed a hand on her shoulder, steadying her as her breathing became shallower, more frantic. "It will be ok," Melissa whispered.

Cassie nodded her agreement, but she did not agree. It was not going to be ok, she knew that. She had seen that awful look in Julian's eyes; she had felt his uncertainty, his hesitance. No, it was definitely not going to be ok, and there was nothing that she could do to stop it. "What were they trying to do to me?" she asked softly.

Julian met her gaze again. Devon finally moved. He came swiftly toward her, his lean body moving with exceptional ease as he skirted the bags of feed. She stared helplessly up at him as he stopped before her, his eyes warming slightly. She knew that he needed her understanding, and though she was lost and confused by what was happening with him, she could never deny him anything that he needed.

Her hand slid into his, the perfect rightness of his skin against hers caused a sigh of relief to escape. She clung to him, wrapping her other hand around his as she stepped closer, pressing tight to his arm. She could sense a cold detachedness about him still but his hand tightened upon hers as he pulled her closer.

"Julian?" Cassie breathed, trying hard not to lose control.

Julian looked to Devon, who pulled her closer against him. His arm wrapped around her waist, his hand rested lightly on her hip, gently stroking her through her layers of clothes. "You were their project," Julian said softly. "Their pet project."

His gaze moved slowly to Dani, who had backed herself into the shadows. "They were trying to turn you into a living vampire."

Cassie started, horror curdled through her. Devon's hand tightened upon her waist as he pulled her closer. "What do you mean?" Chris asked, his voice a low growl.

Julian's gaze remained locked upon her, sympathy radiated from him, but he would not take it easy on her. He would be brutally honest, even if she didn't want to hear it.

"They wanted to see what would happen, how much blood it would take, and if they could turn Cassie into a vampire while still keeping her human."

There was a moment of stunned silence. "Is that even possible?" Melissa demanded. "And why?"

Julian turned slightly toward her. "I don't know if it is possible, or not. I don't believe it is, but I don't know. It's never been tried before, I've never even heard of anything like it, or known anyone that would even want to attempt it. Every vampire has had to die in order to be reborn. They wanted to try and keep Cassie human, try and have her turn without her death. They wanted to see what she might be capable of, and they wanted to be able to control her. And if it worked, they wanted to see if it would be possible to do it to others while keeping them under the thumb of The Commission."

Cassie swallowed heavily, though she was wearing heavy clothes, she was suddenly freezing cold. "It's why they devised all of those tortures, why they gave you my blood. They wanted to see what you could and could not handle, and they also wanted to see if one of them would push you into making the change into a human vampire. What they wanted from you Cassie was to see how long it would take before you snapped and changed, or before you died, and either way they planned on you becoming a vampire."

She shuddered, pressing closer to Devon as a fierce shaking racked through her. "Ok, alright," she whispered. "So that is why I'm different now. Why I feel different, why I'm stronger."

"It is why you are stronger, but not why you feel different. You feel different because you are different. The vampire blood, my blood has changed your basic DNA. As has Devon's." Everyone glanced at them, their eyebrows drawing tightly together in surprise. Cassie chose to ignore them. "Our blood may eventually leave your system, but not without changing you on some basic level first. That is how the Hunter's were eventually made after all, and in you, it is still making those changes."

Cassie was finding it increasingly difficult to breathe. "So what am I now?"

Julian shook his head. "I don't know Cassie, neither does he."

Sheets of ice crept down her back, causing her to shiver as her thoughts turned back toward the man in the other room. "Who is he?" she whispered.

Julian slipped his hands into his pockets. "His name's Patrick Woodard. He became the head of The Commission after The Slaughter. He was afraid, and rightly so, that we would kill him when we discovered him, so he lied and claimed to be your father in the hope that we would keep him alive."

"I've heard of him," Luther said softly. "He was higher up in The Commission even before everything happened. I didn't know he had survived."

"Unfortunately," Chris muttered.

"The children?" Cassie whispered.

"Are at another facility in Canada. I can find them when the time comes," Julian answered.

"What are they doing to them?"

Julian shook his head. "From what he knows, nothing. They are just being held. Some of them are actually future Guardians. There are a couple of Hunter's amongst them, and the rest are human. There are ten of them still alive."

Relief filled her, her shoulders slumped. As soon as they were free of here they would find the children, rescue them, and keep them safe. They would never again know the kind of terror that they had so recently experienced. "And how many of those monsters are here?"

Julian shook his head. "They have been moving people steadily out of this town for the past year. They've been buying up land and pushing the people out in preparation of the experiments they wanted to perform. Including the children, there were only sixty people left in this town by the time they were done. The ones at the motel that weren't killed outright were brought in. Some of the others have already been killed off, but he believes there are still at least twenty five to thirty left."

"What?" Melissa croaked.

Julian glanced around the room. "We have killed off six of them."

"How the hell are we going to kill twenty or so more of them though?" Chris demanded.

"We'll figure that out," Luther replied. "For now it is more important that we keep them in this town."

"How?" Melissa asked.

"Bait," Cassie whispered.

Devon's hand tightened on her, his nostrils flared as he turned slowly toward her. His eyes were narrowed and fierce, his body thrummed with tension. "Absolutely not."

Cassie ignored his growled warning. "It's the only way to draw them out, especially since their food supply is running low. We have to have bait. They will come to us then."

"And I know who we can use," Julian said softly.

Cassie's head snapped toward him, she glared at him. "No!" she hissed. "That is not going to happen. I will go out there."

"Like hell!" Devon exploded; his hands were almost painful upon her as he spun her. "That is not going to happen."

"Devon..."

"You are not going out there."

"If you would just listen."

His eyes flared red, his jaw clenched tight. "For once you are going to listen to me!" he snarled. "You are not going out there. If you want to use bait then I will personally carry that man and Joey outside, but you will not be that bait."

Dani let out a strangled cry of horror as she lurched from the shadows. Liam grabbed hold of her arm, pulling her back a step. Cassie gaped up at Devon, unsure how to respond or react. She had seen him furious, she had seen him on the brink of losing all control, but she had never seen him like this. He had never ordered her about so fiercely before. And she had never thought that he would so willingly offer up someone for death.

"Devon," she breathed.

His eyes flickered briefly for a moment. "Your safety is first," he said softly.

"I know, but..."

"No buts," he growled. "You will not be the bait, no matter what you want."

She nodded, swallowing the heavy lump that was lodged in her throat. What was wrong with him? What was going on here? Her gaze darted questioningly to Julian, he stared silently back at her, his icy eyes unwavering. He nodded slightly to her, a subtle movement of his head that left her trembling.

"I'll do it," Chris said softly.

"No!" Cassie shouted at him, shock at his statement causing her to forget her worries about Devon. "No Chris, I'm faster than you, and stronger."

He quirked an eyebrow as he folded his arms over his chest, taking affront to her statement. "It won't be either of you," Luther said flatly, his gaze intent on Devon. "Will it?"

"No," Devon answered in response to his question. "It will be Julian and I."

Cassie spun on him, her eyes narrowing as she glared fiercely up at him. "Oh, so it's ok if something happens to you?" she demanded. "We're going to need you to stop them from spreading out of this town. You and Julian are the strongest, you are the most needed!"

Devon bent closer to her, his eyes blazed fiercely into hers. "And if something happens to you, I will be an even bigger danger to everyone in this room than those things out there. Do you understand me?"

Cassie swallowed heavily, her shaking grew fiercer. "Devon I'm still going to be in on the fight. Once they come, you will need our help, we're going to be out there no matter what."

Cassie had to fight the urge to take a step back as he leaned even closer to her. Her heart flipped wildly as pressed his face nearly against hers. For the first time, she was actually a little afraid of him, and the intensity that blazed from him. She had never seen him like this, she didn't know what had brought it about, but she sure as hell didn't like it. She hated to be intimidated, but she was, and she had never thought that Devon would be the one doing the intimidating.

"Not you."

Cassie's mouth dropped, strange sputtering noises escaped her. "Like hell!" she snapped.

"None of you will be out there."

"What!? Are you kidding me! Of course we will!" everyone exploded at the same time.

"No," Devon replied crisply. "Julian and I will take care of this."

Cassie gaped at him, shock and horror leaving her immobile. "Devon, you can't handle them all. That's a suicide mission, why would you want to do that?" Cassie whispered.

He moved slightly away from her, allowing her to breathe a little easier. "They won't all come at once; we can handle the ones that do."

Tears burned her eyes, her hands clenched and unclenched in frustration. She wanted to argue with him, wanted to fight him, but she knew that it would be pointless, knew that he would not budge. Devon gently grasped her chin, tilting her head so that she had to meet his gaze. "We will be fine."

A single tear slid down her face. He wiped it lightly away, bending close he pressed a soft kiss to her trembling lips. When he pulled away his eyes were emerald again, dark with uncertainty and concern. "You will stay inside."

Cassie couldn't bring herself to speak, she would not lie to him, and she could not make that promise. He released her before stepping away. Cassie watched as he moved stiffly toward Julian. She was suddenly hit with the realization that she did not know just exactly what he was capable of, especially when it came to her.

She turned toward the others, feeling helpless and lost. Liam and Annabelle had moved over to join Devon and Julian; they conferred in soft whispers by the doorway. Luther was staring at the still half open window, his expression thoughtful and distant. Dani had retreated back into the shadows, terror evident on her features.

Chris and Melissa stared silently back at her. They were her best friends, her rocks, the two people she had relied on the most, until Devon walked into her life. But even they looked just as confused and frightened as she felt.

CHAPTER 12

Cassie stood silently, frozen by the window. Immobile with terror. Devon moved swiftly toward the center of the road. The timed streetlights spilled across the street, creating shadows on the hard pavement. The skeletal trees moved and swayed with the breeze that shook them. Cassie shuddered, foreboding filtered through her.

She was barely able to take her gaze away from Devon to look at Julian. He stood by the door, his hand resting upon the handle, his powerful body hard and unmoving as he waited for the attack to come. "You know I won't stay in here once you go out," she told him.

His gaze darted to her, his eyes skimmed swiftly over her. "I know you will try to go out there."

Cassie licked her lips as she glanced at Liam and Annabelle. They were standing by Julian, their arms folded over their chests as they stared at her. They would also try and stop her, she knew that, but when it came to Devon she knew that she would be capable of doing anything. Even if it meant plowing through Liam and Annabelle, which she was apparently going to have to do.

"Cassie." Her attention was drawn back to Julian. "I will tie you down if I have to, but you are not going out there."

Indignation flared through her. "I am one of the strongest fighters you have, you will need me!" she retorted sharply.

Julian's eyes narrowed, his hand fisted harder around the handle. "And Devon is the strongest fighter that we have, and if you keep pushing him he is going to snap."

Cassie shook her head forcefully. "No..."

"Yes!" Julian interrupted harshly. "Open your damn eyes Cassie! He's unraveling right before you, and if you keep throwing yourself in danger, and if you keep pushing him he is going to lose it. He will change you, whether it's for the best or not, he will do it, and he'll hate himself for it. Is that what you want?" Cassie could only manage a small shake of her head in response to his angry, heartfelt words. "And if something were to happen to you, there will be no stopping him. Ever. Do you understand that?"

Cassie opened and closed her mouth, no words would come out. Her throat was clogged, her eyes burned. "He'll kill us all Cassie, so for once, please just do as he asks."

Liam remained immobile, his face a hard mask. Annabelle's sea colored eyes were heavy with sadness and fear. Cassie buried her frustration and heartache as she turned away from them, focusing her attention fully on Devon again. He had reached the center of the street, where he stopped. Her heart was heavy as it labored to push blood through her veins; her chest was tight from lack of air.

"He can't fight it anymore?" she whispered, finally beginning to understand the distance and hardness that now encased Devon.

"Not as well as he could, and not for much longer," Julian said flatly. Cassie swallowed heavily, trying hard not to let her panic get the best of her. "If it wasn't for his concern about what would happen to you, it would have happened by now."

Cassie hastily wiped away the tears that slipped down her face. She ached for Devon, for the struggle nearly consuming him. Ached for the man that she loved and needed more than anything. Ached for the man who was slowly losing control to the demon inside of him, and it was all because of her.

She shuddered; her hand clenched the curtain she had pulled slightly back. "You will stay inside," Julian said softly. "Because there is no way of knowing how he will react if you don't."

She nodded slowly. Though she hated it and rebelled against it, she would do anything for Devon, even if it meant leaving him out there alone. "They're coming," Chris said softly.

He walked over to stand beside Cassie, his hand rested upon her shoulder. He squeezed her gently, bending forward to stare out the window. "Where?" Julian growled.

Chris shook his head; his shaggy hair fell around his handsome face. "I don't know yet, but I can feel the confusion and hunger that usually precedes their arrival." They all remained unmoving; barely breathing as they waited for the creature's to emerge.

"How many?" Cassie whispered.

"I don't know," Chris breathed. "It's impossible to differentiate one from another; they're too far gone for that."

Terror filled her. They were too far gone to tell anything about them, and they were heading straight for Devon. Panic slammed into her like a locomotive, helplessness swamped her. She glanced wildly at Julian, fighting against the urge to bolt out the door, tear across the street, and join Devon. She would rather die with him then live without him.

"Stay!" Julian hissed softly.

A soft sob escaped her; she pressed her fist to her mouth, biting down to stop the scream that wanted to rip from her. Devon turned; his shoulders stiff, and his eyes blood red. He knew that they were coming, he was ready for them. Please, she prayed fervently, please let him be ok.

The creatures burst out of the woods behind Devon. Horror filled her; she grasped hold of the curtain, pulling herself closer as the three monsters hurtled across the street at him. "No," she breathed.

Devon braced himself as the first one launched itself forward leaping a good ten feet off the ground at him. Its face was distorted, its fangs extended as its face twisted into an animalistic snarl. Devon seized it by its throat, flinging it over his head as another one came at him. He grabbed the second one, but the third slammed into him, spilling blood as it clawed at his back. Chris slammed his hand over her mouth as a scream escaped her. Cassie struggled against him; fright pummeled her as she fought to contain the terror threatening to suffuse her. Chris wrapped his arm around her waist, trying to pull her back, but she refused to release the curtain, refused to be torn away.

"Stay quiet!" he hissed in her ear.

Cassie managed a small nod. Tears streamed down her face. She did not realize that Julian had left until he emerged on the street, pounding across the concrete in a blur that would have been nearly indiscernible to the human eye. He grabbed the first one that Devon had tossed aside, slamming it hard into the concrete. The creatures skull caved as it bounced off the ground, but its arms and legs still flailed wildly about.

Nausea and disgust twisted Cassie's stomach, she couldn't move, she could hardly remain standing. Chris held most of her weight, his arms wrapped tightly around her as he slowly removed his hand from her mouth. Liam emerged from the alleyway, racing forward as he moved to join the fight.

Cassie glanced only briefly at Annabelle. She remained by the door, her eyes wide with terror as she met Cassie's gaze. Though Annabelle wanted to be in the fight as badly as Cassie, she would stay by the door in order to ensure that Cassie didn't escape. Cassie briefly contemplated trying to get past her anyway, but she would not do that to Annabelle, not unless it became completely necessary.

She turned her attention back to the fight as two more monsters emerged from the woods. One of them went straight for Liam, while the other pounded at Devon who was still engaged with two of the first ones. Five on three. Cassie's heart hammered, she gripped the curtain tighter, pulling herself forward. She could get away from Chris; she could make it out this window if she had too. She didn't give a rat's ass what the glass or wood would do to her, not if it got her free.

Devon flipped one over his back, spinning he slammed his fist into the chest of another. The creatures face twisted, not in pain but in rage as it was knocked back a few feet. Blood exploded over its tattered and filthy shirt, but it did not stop, did not hesitate as it launched forward. Julian slammed his creature off the ground again, grasping hold of its head and twisting it ferociously.

Cassie's stomach heaved as its head was twisted completely around. Its arms and legs continued to flail, but their movements were slightly slower. Deciding that the creature was momentarily not a threat, Julian leapt back to his feet as Devon tossed his monster over his head and grasped hold of the throat of the one behind it. He squeezed tight, snapping its head easily to the side as the thing howled loudly. Its scream echoed throughout the night, rattling the windows.

"Awful," Melissa breathed taking a step away from the window where she stood by Luther and Dani. Her face was full of horror and disgust, but she did not turn away from the fight before her.

And neither did Cassie, though her stomach rolled with nausea. A gag escaped her as Devon grasped hold of its head, twisting it with enough force to rip it off. Dani heaved as she spun away from the window, racing toward the bathroom. Cassie's hand tightened on Chris's, she needed his support, his strength, his unwavering support as she tried to assimilate the vicious killer out there now with the one that she loved so completely.

Liam shoved his creature aside, leaping forward to help with the two still trying to battle Devon and Julian, but it was obvious that it was going to be a losing battle for the hybrid monsters.

Deadly. That was the only thing that Cassie could think and see now. Devon and Julian were deadly, cold, blood thirsty, and so very good at destroying life. Though Liam was out there with them, he did not have the murderous zeal that obviously radiated from Devon and Julian. He did not seem to relish in the kill the way that the two of them did, nor was he as good at it.

She shuddered, wrapping her arms tight around herself. From her little hole she watched as Julian and Devon took the next one down. Julian pressed his foot tight to the creature's throat as it squealed and squirmed wildly. She couldn't watch anymore. Couldn't take anymore, and yet she could not look away, not until she knew that Devon was safe. Not until she knew that the man she loved came back to her, but she was beginning to think that would never happen. She was beginning to fear that man would never return to her again.

The monster that Liam had been battling scurried back to its feet, but it did not jump back into the fray. Instead, it scurried away into the shadows. Cassie watched it, her eyebrows furrowing as she leaned closer to the small hole, trying to discern where it was going as it disappeared into the night.

An uneasy feeling filled her. She had never seen a Halfling back down from a fight, even when they were losing. They didn't have enough reason to realize that they were going to be killed. Or did they?

A shiver raced down Cassie's spine, a chill filled her veins. Maybe these things had more reason and sense then they had attributed to them? If that was the case then things could become a lot more difficult, and a lot more deadly, than they had anticipated.

She turned back to the window as Julian and Devon easily removed the head of their victim. Cassie's lip curled in disgust. She took a step back from the window as the three of them turned toward the remaining creature. It was still squirming and squealing, trying to crawl away from the spot where Julian had left it.

She shuddered, wrapping her arms around herself as she took another step back. She couldn't watch anymore. Bowing her head, she tried hard to withhold the tears and nausea boiling through her.

The hair on her neck and arms suddenly stood up. A chill encased her. She glanced toward the front door. Annabelle was standing on a chair in order to peer out through the small glass window in it. The only window that had not been boarded up. The only window that they had not made a change to. The others had been boarded, or blocked, under the assumption that these creatures would be too far gone to notice the difference.

Devon, Julian, and Liam had exited the building through one of the small windows in the basement so they wouldn't be seen. The window led to the small alley between this building and the bank. They had never bothered with those small windows as the basement was under the trap door that they had barricaded. But after the three of them had gone outside, the barricades had not been put back in place. They had been left open so Devon, Liam, and Julian could make a swift retreat back to the basement if it became necessary.

No one had thought the creatures would be smart enough to figure it all out. No one thought that they would discover the tiny windows below. They were wild, crazed, and incapable of thought. But what if they retained more reason and intelligence than they had thought? Cassie wondered again. What if the monsters had known all along that they were inside this building, blockading themselves, preparing for a fight? What if they had expected this kind of a trap, and had laid one of their own?

The thoughts ran rapidly through her mind, but she was dismayed to realize that she already knew the answers to all of them. The monsters were not mindless, in fact they were cunningly smart, deceiving, and so very deadly. She knew that she had to turn around, knew that she had to see what was behind them, but her feet felt like wooden blocks. Her legs were as heavy as lead. She didn't want to see what her mind and body already knew.

Gathering her courage, she turned her head slowly, her eyes searching the dark room. Behind where Joey and Patrick sat in their chairs, behind the shelves with all of their goods, shadows hunkered amid the darkness. Though they were still mostly hidden, she could discern their hulking shapes and reddened eyes as they glared across the room. She could make out eight of them, but there could be even more in the back, or still down below. A pulsating hunger and excitement radiated from them, seeming to fill the room, though she was the only one that had noticed them so far.

Afraid that any movement would immediately draw their attack, Cassie remained frozen, barely breathing. They had weapons gathered by the windows, but she didn't think she would have enough time to get her crossbow, let alone fire it, before the creatures were upon them. She wasn't even certain she would have enough time to warn the others first.

Taking a steadying breath, Cassie remained unmoving as she whispered to Annabelle. "How are they doing?"

Annabelle didn't look at her, but she could feel her confusion over the fact that Cassie was no longer watching. "Another one has arrived, but they're ok."

The creatures would probably keep sending one or two in at a time in order to keep three of the stronger fighters occupied. Though she knew now that these monsters had enough sense to realize it was probably a suicide mission, they would do what the larger group wanted. They would sacrifice themselves in order for the others, more than likely the leaders, to feed and murder. Cassie shuddered at the organization, the brutality of it, and the thought process that had led them here.

Patrick had said that they did react, but only when murder, mayhem, and feeding were involved. Apparently even he had underestimated these creatures, to what might be all of their ultimate downfalls. They shifted slightly but did not attack. She didn't know why they were waiting, they knew that she could see them, knew that she was watching them, but they remained immobile.

What were they doing? She wondered frantically, trying to get into their thought processes, trying to understand what was going on. But she could not understand them, it was impossible.

"Ok, ok good," she breathed. "Annabelle, get away from the door."

Annabelle shot her a look, and then froze. She turned slowly, her hand resting against the door as she moved on the chair. Her strawberry curls fell around her shoulders, her rosebud mouth parted in surprise, but she did not move. Beside her, Chris froze, his hand tightened around the curtain to the point that Cassie thought he was going to rip it from the window. Luther stiffened, but did not move. Melissa turned slowly, her onyx eyes, as dark as the room, widened in shock.

Though they were all aware of the monsters now within the room, the creatures still did not move. Patrick and Joey had turned in their chairs, their mouths dropped; terror was etched onto their features. Where was Dani? Cassie's gaze darted past the creatures. She could not see the bathroom that Dani had bolted into, Cassie didn't know if she was still in there, or if these monsters had gotten to her first. Though Cassie still did not trust the girl, her power would come in handy right now.

Very handy.

"What are they doing?" Melissa whispered.

Cassie had no answer for that. She found it more terrifying that they weren't moving, then if they had already attacked. And then two more emerged from the dark. Cassie's heart flipped, panic gripped her hard. She could barely breathe. Ten on seven. The seven of them were strong fighters, if Dani was still alive, but these odds were far worse than she would have ever wanted.

And yet they still did not move.

"There's more," she breathed in horror. "They're waiting for them."

Chris cursed violently; he finally released the curtain as he spun toward them. Patrick and Joey began to make horrified sounds as they bounced their chairs back, all pretense's at trying to stay unnoticed forgotten in the face of these numbers. Cassie spun, they could not wait for them to attack their numbers would only swell if they did.

Hefting the crossbow, she slid a bolt expertly in as she heard the sudden explosion of movement behind her. They were coming, and they were coming fast. She spun back around, taking aim at the first one coming at her. She fired swiftly; the bolt was off target as it slammed into the creatures shoulder, barely knocking him off of his onward rush.

Annabelle leapt off of her chair, lifting it quickly she used it like a lion tamer as she slammed it into the chest of the one rushing at her. It fell back a few feet before lunging forward again. Cassie managed to get another bolt into place, taking aim she fired it, finding satisfaction as the bolt hit home. The creature made no sound as it fell back, its hands clenched its chest as it began its death wither upon the ground.

Cassie froze; her mouth dropping as the creature continued its silent death throes. "Jesus," Melissa whispered, stunned into immobility too.

They were being silent, even in death, they were being silent. They wanted to keep this attack as quiet as possible. The thought process that went with that fact was staggering. For a moment no one moved as they tried to blend this new information in with what they had thought they'd known. Even Joey and Patrick had frozen; their mouths were wide as they stared at the creature that lay upon the floor, silenced forever now.

What were these things? Cassie wondered, trying hard not to completely unravel. Were they more human than they had all originally thought? Or were they even more demon? If they were more human should they even be killing them, or should they be trying to save them?

She didn't have time to weigh those questions out; these creatures would not give her that time. Fear for her own life far outweighed the guilt, and doubt, that flared through her as the rest of the creatures raced toward them. Shocked into immobility by the creatures silent death, Cassie had not thought to reload her crossbow. Lifting it high, she slammed it hard into one of the monsters chests as it reached her. Using the crossbow as a barrier, she held it off of her as she struggled to regain control of this awful situation.

She punched another hard in the cheek as it reached for her. He fell back from the force of the blow, but the one with the crossbow in its chest continued to claw and swipe at her. They may have had the sense to plan this silent ambush, but when it came to fighting, the bloodlust took complete control of them. They had no reason, no sense, as the desire to murder and destroy overtook them. Cassie slammed the crossbow harder, shoving the thing further back as the other one launched at her again.

A pain filled cry rent the air. Terror filled Cassie, but she could not take her eyes off of the creatures attacking her in order to see how Melissa was doing, or how badly she had been hurt. Chris shouted, and then another monster went flying by Cassie, its hands clenching at the knife buried deep in its chest.

Continuing to use the crossbow as a shield, she focused her attention on the other one that kept coming back at her. Its reddened eyes were narrowed with fury as it clawed and flailed in unnerving silence. Trying not to let her panic and terror overcome her, she swung another punch at it.

The thing ducked at the same time that it grabbed hold of her fist. A strangled cry escaped her, but she could not tug her hand free of its grasp. Her hand tightened on the crossbow as she continued to fend the other one off while trying to tug her hand free. The creature's eyes spit red fury as it tugged her closer; its grip on her hand was painful.

"Why do you get to be normal still?"

Cassie froze, her eyes widened as horror filled her. She gaped at the thing, frozen in startled surprise by the fact that it spoke. That it could speak! She had not associated speech with these half crazed, wild things. She would have thought it was impossible, but it was speaking to her, and it was making sense, even if its voice was the most horrid thing she had ever heard. It was low and grating as it slithered out of him like a snake crawling out of a hole. The sound of it sent chills down her spine, it made her blood run cold as terror pounded across her.

It could speak, and its thought processes were far more advanced than she had thought! Shaken, confused, disoriented Cassie could not move. And its question, its question! Why did she get to be normal? How did this creature know what had been done to her? How did it have enough reason to understand any of this?

The world seemed to slow, Cassie's eyes narrowed as she studied it. The features of it were a mangled blur of human and monster. Its red eyes were filled with hate and hunger. But there was something oddly familiar about it.

Then, she remembered. She had been locked in her cell still, before Dani had rescued her. One of the creatures had peered into the window, tried to get into her cell, hoping to kill her, wanting to destroy her. It (no not it, this thing before her), had been chased off by Dani's power.

But now it had returned. It knew that she had been in that laboratory too, knew that she had emerged, not unscathed, but certainly not the same thing that these monsters had become. It knew that she had emerged much better off than they had, and it hated her for it.

"Why!?" it snarled.

Cassie had no answer for it, she could not think of one. It was not fair that she had come out almost normal after what had been done to all of them, but that was not her fault. She had not done this to them, she had not done this to herself. It should not blame her, but it did.

Cassie opened her mouth, but before she could respond it ripped her forward. Having been shocked into immobility, Cassie was thrown off balance by the sharp tug. She staggered, trying to keep hold of her crossbow at the same time that she tried to regain her footing. A hand entangled in her hair, causing a sharp cry of pain to escape her as her head was ripped roughly back.

She swung her fist up, hoping to connect with something, anything but coming up with nothing but air. Panic rose up to drown out her stunned surprise. She was surrounded, and at the moment they had the upper hand. Using the crossbow, she slammed it hard into the chest of the one she had been fending off, knocking him back a good five feet. Using the brief reprieve, she turned toward the one with its fingers entangled in her hair.

Before she could do anything, it jerked her hair back and struck with the unnerving speed of a cobra. Her terror, confusion, and disbelief were swiftly buried by the pain that rushed up to swamp her. A scream rose in her throat, but it strangled there, unable to break through the agony that seared through her veins.

Devon had said that it was painful to have blood drained against your will, but this was far worse than anything she ever could have imagined. Her muscles froze; her lungs stopped working, her veins burned as the blood was unwillingly, and greedily, sucked from it. Her skin fired with pins and needles that poked her more rapidly than any tattoo gun. She felt as if a million fire ants were crawling over her, nibbling at her, tearing at her flesh as they ripped it away from her.

She wanted to scream, but she could not get the air into her lungs to do so. She wanted to cry, but her eyes were also on fire and they burned away the tears that formed in them. She wanted to fight back, to move, but her limbs had locked into place, her muscles were as unbendable as rocks. She wanted to do many things, but all she could do was stand in shattering agony as she listened to the disgusting, slurping sounds of her blood being ripped from her.

The one she had shoved back came at her again. Her arm had frozen with the cross bow up, her fingers clenched tight around the trigger. It knocked the crossbow aside, snapping her arm back, but she still did not release the crossbow. Even when it snatched hold of her arm and sank its teeth deep.

A groan finally escaped her, or at least she thought it did, but she couldn't tell beyond the explosion of pain that seemed to shatter her skull. Red and white lights blazed before her eyes, she wanted to fall, wanted to curl up and die, wanted to do anything that would get her away from this.

She barely heard the small cry before she felt the small rumble in the earth, the power being sucked from it. She dimly realized that Dani had arrived, that she was drawing energy from the ground, getting ready to release it. Cassie felt a small amount of relief, it would be ok now. But before Dani could release her power on a blast that would have rocked the earth, shook the walls, and rattled the glass within the windows, one of the creatures pounced upon her. Dani fell back with a startled cry as the wave of her power was abruptly cut off.

Cassie's vision blurred, darkness pulled at her, trying to draw her under, trying to pull her away from the pain that held her within its iron tight grasp. Horror filled Cassie, she tried to gather enough of her wits past the pain in order to try and regain some kind of control of herself. But she could not push the pain away enough to do so. Terror filled her as she realized the darkness was going to win, and she knew it was a darkness she would never wake from.

CHAPTER 13

Devon's head snapped up as he felt the strange pulsing electricity within the earth. He knew what that pulse was; knew what the familiar rumble in the earth meant. He braced himself for the jolt that inevitably followed it, braced himself so as not to get knocked on his ass. But the earth did not rock, the jolt did not come.

Confusion filled him; he stood for a moment, his attention fixated on the store as the electricity swiftly receded from the air. Julian was kneeling beside him, his brow furrowed as he stared at the store in confusion. He rose slowly from the wreckage of the creature before him. Liam stepped forward, stopping beside Devon as he searched the silent storefront.

There was no sound, no movement that he could see within the interior, but something was wrong. He knew it. He had become so focused on the kill, the thrill of the hunt, the murder and blood. So focused on the release of his anger and frustration, and his desire to feed and appease the demon inside of him, that he had shut himself off to Cassie, shut his mind away from hers. He knew that they had grown so close that there were times that she knew him better than he knew himself. He didn't want her to even have an inkling of the joy, and pleasure, that he had taken from the death of the things scattered about him.

"Something's wrong," Julian said softly, tilting his head as he studied the silent store.

Devon strained to hear anything, but the night remained completely silent, still. Devon's eyes narrowed as he opened his mind to the night, searching for Cassie's mind. He came up against a wall of blackness, a dark cloud that left him startled and confused. The wall was thick, heavy. It encompassed her entire mind.

Panic filled him, his hands fisted as he struggled through the wall, pushing at the edges as he tried to make his way through the thick haze. Then her mind gave way. Pain exploded through him, searing into his skull as it slammed wildly against him. The pain was numbing, freezing, completely encompassing as it wrapped through him, over him, into him.

Devon retreated swiftly, before he was sucked into her agony. Retreated before he was trapped within her pain, and unable to escape from the iron tight hold it had over her. He blinked, trying to bring the street into focus as he fought against the lingering remnants of her pain clinging to him. The street snapped back. He cursed loudly, terror pouring through him as he bolted forward, he moved with more speed than he had ever thought possible.

Leaping forward, he turned sideways as he threw himself at one of the boarded windows. Glass shattered inward, the board caved easily against the force of his weight. He plunged into the store. Falling to the floor, he rolled swiftly before leaping back to his feet. Fury exploded through him, encompassing him as his attention was immediately drawn to the two creatures beside Cassie.

At his entrance they had both stopped feeding from her, but her blood still stained their mouths, and the smell of it hung heavy in the air. A fierce snarl of rage ripped from him. Her blood, blood that was only supposed to be tasted by him, had been ripped from her, causing the agony that he had sensed radiating from her.

One of the creatures released her, causing her to stagger slightly forward as it abruptly dropped her arm and spun toward him. Devon stormed forward, a bellow ripping from him as the other one continued to hold her, pulling her along with him as it tried to escape. Cassie tripped, her legs collapsing beneath her as weakness suffused her.

He grabbed hold of the other one that had been feeding from her. His hand encompassed the things face as he slammed it backwards, pounding its skull off the wall until he heard the reassuring sound of it caving in. Devon tossed him easily aside as another window shattered inward. Julian landed inside the store, Liam close on his heels.

Devon paid them no attention as he stormed after the one still trying to drag Cassie with it. He was going to tear the creature limb from limb when he got a hold of it. The creatures red eyes widened before narrowing fiercely upon him. It hauled Cassie against its chest, pulling her up by her arm when her legs proved too weak to support her weight.

A small moan escaped her; Devon could sense the weakness in her, the life just barely thrumming through her veins. Terror and fury motivated him as he leapt forward. The creature's eyes widened in horror, it tried to keep hold of her as Devon slammed into it, shoving his arm up under its throat. The creature squealed loudly, its red eyes flared as it realized that it was about to be destroyed.

A moan of pain escaped Cassie; she tugged on her arm as the thing continued to cling to her. Devon seized hold of its arm, squeezing down until he heard, and felt the bone snap within his grasp. The creature squealed in pain, it didn't immediately release Cassie though. Instead it clung to her, spilling her blood as its fingers grasped wildly at her arm. Wrath pounded through Devon, his vision blurred as a fiery haze of red exploded in front of him. He had never been so infuriated, never been this far out of control.

Dropping his arm down, he seized hold of the creature's throat. Its eyes bulged, a wild cry escaped it as his fingers clenched down, digging into the things throat. With one violent tug, he ripped its throat out. Wild sounds of terror escaped the torn hole of its throat, but Devon ignored it as he shoved the creature aside.

Cassie staggered, nearly falling as its grip on her was finally lost. Devon scooped her easily up, holding her tight against his chest as he turned back to the store. Her hand curled into his shirt, clinging to him as she struggled to lift her head. Panic thrummed through him as he met her dazed, unfocused eyes. He could feel the lingering remnants of pain that clung to her. Her fingers twitched in his shirt, her mouth was pinched tight, and her jaw was clenched.

"Devon," her voice was a bare whisper.

His eyes flew wildly around the destroyed store. Bodies were scattered about the floor, blood was splayed around the room, wood and glass littered the ground. The creatures that had not been killed outright had fled the room the minute they had arrived. Liam was helping Annabelle back to her feet, her shirt had been torn, and a deep cut marred her delicate face. Though it was deep, it would heal quickly, and would not leave a scar. Luther's glasses hung askew on his face, his hair was standing straight up as he rose slowly to his feet. He was holding his arm, blood dripped down it, plopping off his fingers onto the floor.

Chris was leaning against the wall, panting heavily as he tried to catch his breath. He appeared uninjured. Melissa however, was unmoving. She was slumped against the wall, her breathing shallow, and her skin unnaturally pale. Blood had pooled beneath her, it poured down her side from the jagged wound that had sliced her. Julian knelt before her, turning her head as he checked for a pulse.

"Annabelle get over here," he said crisply.

"Hold on," she mumbled, kneeling beside Dani who was also unmoving upon the floor. "Just knocked out."

She rose swiftly to her feet and hurried over to where Melissa lay. "Melissa?" Cassie whispered, straining against his hold on her. Fear widened her eyes as clarity began to clear the pain from them. She squirmed slightly, and then collapsed against him; weakness took hold of her body. Her eyes flew wildly to his. "Devon?"

For a moment he couldn't move as she stared questioningly up at him. The demon in him was in control right now, and it wanted her. It wanted her badly. It needed her blood, blood that was supposed to be only his, because she was his. Blood that had just been stolen from her, from him. His fingers trembled as he brushed her hair back. His nostrils flared and his jaw clenched at the sight of the jagged wounds that marred her perfect skin.

"Devon?" she breathed, her eyes wildly searching his face. Her heart hammered, flipping wildly in her chest as she stared up at him, her mouth parted in surprise. He didn't know what she saw on his face, but he did know that it was terrifying her. And the last thing he wanted to do was scare her, especially right now.

"Cassie." She trembled in his arms as he bent over her. He could smell the creature upon her; smell its fetid breath against her skin. He grit his teeth against the urge to bite deep in order to renew his mark upon her, in order to reclaim his stake upon what was his. Instead, he nuzzled her neck gently, relishing in the smell of her delicious scent. Ever so lightly, he licked the jagged wounds, savoring in the blood that lingered upon her skin as he closed the marks. He pulled slowly away from her, took hold of her hurt arm and also licked those wounds closed.

He pulled slowly away from her, trembling as he fought to control himself. She was still weak, still beaten down from the blood that had been drawn forcefully, painfully, from her. Without thought, he turned away, sheltering her from the view of the others within the store. Though, none of them were paying him much attention as they knelt by Melissa's side, trying to keep her alive.

He bit deep into his wrist, not feeling the pain as his blood rushed forth. She stared questioningly up at him, her beautiful eyes wide and questioning as she watched him. Shifting her slightly, he held his wrist out to her, knowing that his blood was the only thing that would help her recuperate from her ordeal faster. She hesitated, her eyes latching onto the blood dripping from his wrist.

She moved slowly, her small fingers wrapping around his wrist, drawing it closer to him. He moaned softly, ecstasy filling him as she brought his wrist to her mouth and bit down. His hand clenched upon her, his body thrummed with the pleasure her drinking brought to him. If his heart still beat it would be pounding wildly now, if he could still breathe he would not be able to do so.

Her eyes drifted slowly closed, she clung tighter to him as she bit deeper, taking more of his blood into her. Her joy suffused him, her weakness and need thrummed from her body into his. Devon bent closer to her, inhaling her scent as his blood flowed into her, slowly replacing the scent of the monsters that had fed from her.

Cassie bit deeper, squirming closer to him, her fingers clenched upon him. Her need for him radiated outward, he could feel her desperate desire for more, her fervent want to be with him, to join him, to be everything that he needed her to be. But over it all he sensed her terror over the fact that she might never be able to join him; that they may never be able to be together forever. She drank deeper, pulling his blood into her in large gulps as she tried to take as much of him as she could into her. He was overwhelmed with her need for more, overwhelmed with her longing to join him, and end both of their suffering. Overwhelmed by her fierce love and desire for eternity with him.

"Devon, Devon." He turned further away, sheltering Cassie from Julian as he came at them. "Devon stop."

A low growl escaped him as Julian's hand seized hold of his shoulder, trying to pull him back. He huddled closer to Cassie as she clung tighter to his wrist; she was as unwilling to part as he was. Julian's hand tightened on him as he jerked Devon back. "Stop this. Devon you could destroy her!" he hissed, his voice low yet frantic with urgency. "Stop this!"

Devon shuddered, he wanted to ignore Julian's words, wanted to thrust Julian away, wanted to kill him for the interruption, but he couldn't. There was only one thing that he wanted more than for Cassie to join him, and that was for her to be safe. If he continued this, she could end up being neither one of those things. She had sustained enough blood loss to make the consumption of too much of his blood dangerous to her.

"Devon!"

Agony tore through him as he pulled his wrist away from her mouth. She blinked up at him, her gorgeous eyes dazed and wounded at the loss of contact, at the loss of the bond that she had been thoroughly enjoying. His blood marred her full mouth, it stained her lips an even deeper shade of red. He groaned, shaking, barely in control of himself. It was too hard, and it was far too much, the monster inside of him was so very close to the surface. Hell, if he was honest with himself, he would admit that it was already on the surface, already in control. And that it had been for awhile now. If he was completely honest with himself, he would admit that the man had not been in control in a long time.

Julian was right, he was losing it, and he was going to hurt her if he did.

He spun suddenly, issuing a startled cry from Cassie as he thrust her at Julian. Surprised by the sudden movement, Julian just barely managed to catch her. It killed him to hand her over to another man, especially Julian, but Julian may very well be the only one that could keep her safe from him. Or at least he would try to anyway. "Take her," Devon barked, struggling against the urge to rip her back from Julian. Struggling against the urge to destroy Julian so that no one could stop him from doing everything he wanted to her.

"Devon?" Cassie scrambled to escape Julian's arms, her eyes were frantic.

She managed to get back onto her feet, but Julian grabbed hold of her waist, pulling her swiftly back, pinning her against his chest. His ice eyes were hard and unwavering as he stared hard at Devon. Though he would defend Cassie to the death, he was waiting, hoping that Devon continued to make the right choices on his own. Devon growled, reaching for her, wanting to draw her back to him, hold her. Wanting to finish what he had started, and end the torment that suffused them both. He stopped, his hand falling back to his side as the man managed to briefly regain some control of the monster. He couldn't do this to her, he couldn't risk losing her, couldn't risk what the change might do to her. He couldn't hurt her in this way. He turned swiftly away, moving before he no longer could.

Desperation urged him faster. Grasping hold of the shattered window frame, he heaved himself over the windowsill and into the dark, cold night. He needed to get away, but he could not go far. He could not leave her alone, could not leave her with the monsters hunting this town. No, he could not go far, but he also could not be near her right now. As long as she remained human, he may not ever be able to be near her again.

"Devon!" her terrified scream followed him. The torment in her voice caused his non-beating heart to shatter into a thousand pieces, but he did not slow as he raced further into the night.

***

Cassie stood in the shadows, her arms folded over her chest as she continued to glare at everyone every once in awhile. Julian remained rigid by the door, his hand resting upon it, his ice colored eyes focused upon her. The windows had been boarded back up, the bodies tossed into the basement, and the trapdoor blocked by a heap of shelves piled on top of it. No one was sleeping in the backroom tonight; they had all joined her and Julian in the front room.

Though she hadn't thought that they would sleep, and knew that she would not, soft snores filled the room. Chris stood by the other window, his head bowed, his arms folded over his chest as he leaned against the window. Though he almost looked like he was asleep, Cassie knew that he was not. Neither was Liam, who was sitting in a chair, his feet propped up on one of the counters, the back of his chair leaning against the wall.

They were babysitting her, and she resented them all for it because the minute that they weren't looking, she was going after Devon. Come hell or high water, she was going out there and she was going to find him. And once she did, she did not care what happened, she would do whatever she could to make him happy, and to bring him back here where he would be at least a little safer. And where she knew where the hell he was!

She did not kid herself, and neither did anyone else, into thinking that they were safe here. The creatures knew that they were here. They simply had nowhere else to go right now. No place could be completely barricaded, and nowhere would have the supplies that the store had. And there was no way that Cassie was going to leave this store without Devon. She had been separated from him for too long when she had been held prisoner, she was not going to take the chance of losing him again.

A small moan snapped her attention toward Melissa as she turned slowly over. Though she continued to sleep, her face twisted in pain as she turned onto her side. Melissa healed fast, and Annabelle had used her powers to help heal the wounds in Melissa's side, but they were still deep and painful. Every time she moved, she moaned in pain. Cassie's heart went out to her. She hated to see her friend in such discomfort. Melissa settled back down, her mouth going slack as sleep reclaimed her.

Cassie turned back to the window, wishing that she could see through the board that covered it. Her skin crawled, her body ached, she itched to jump through that window and flee into the night in search of Devon. She wanted to see him, needed to see him. Where was he out there? Why had he left her?

A knot formed in her throat, she found it difficult to breathe. She knew why he had left her, but she just wished that he had talked to her about it first. That he had given her a chance to talk to him. Shuddering, Cassie wrapped her arms around herself, trying hard not to completely unravel. She would join him; she would give him anything he wanted, even her life. She didn't care what the consequences of those actions would be anymore, as long as it made him happy, and she could be with him again.

"You're not going out there."

Cassie's gaze darted to Julian as he growled the command in a gravelly, irritated voice. Her eyes narrowed, her hands tightened upon her arms. "I didn't say I was."

He lifted his head, his eerie eyes oddly bright in the small amount of light filtering into the room. His handsome face was hard; lines of pain etched his mouth. He had not been hurt in the battle, Cassie knew those lines of pain were because of her. Guilt and anguish for him filled her. She truly did love him, not like he loved her, but she desperately wanted him to be happy. And unfortunately she could not make him happy, no matter how much she wished she could. He had a piece of her heart, along with most people in this room, but Devon owned her soul, her body, and her mind. She could only hope that eventually Julian would find someone that could return his love, someone that could give him everything that he wanted and so desperately needed.

He quirked an eyebrow at her. "I know you," he grumbled.

Cassie turned away from him; she couldn't meet his gaze again. He did know her, not only had he touched her, and seen many of the details of her life, but he knew who she was, and what she thought. He knew her strengths and most of all he knew all of her many weaknesses. He knew that she battled with her self-control, not as bad as Julian, and nowhere near as bad Devon, but there was something inside of her too. Something dark, and dangerous, and lethal.

"I don't understand why he left," she whispered.

"Yes, you do."

Cassie shuddered as she bit on her bottom lip nervously. Yes she did, but if he had just given her a chance, she would have agreed to give him everything that he wanted. "But he doesn't have to fight it anymore," she whispered.

Julian shifted; there was a ripple of muscles that reminded her of a sleek panther hunting its prey. She frowned at him, her forehead furrowing as anger spurted through her. She could sense his displeasure, his disapproval. "Yes, he does."

Cassie opened her mouth to protest, but he swiftly cut her off. "You may have chosen him over me princess, but I'm going to make damn sure that you stay alive. You know, as well as I, that there is no way to know what could happen to you, and that is not a chance I am willing to take."

She stared hopelessly back at him, she knew that he realized how much this meant to her, how much she wanted this. But, like Devon, her safety would always be his priority and there would be no changing his mind on that. But she needed him to understand her on this one. "I am," she whispered.

"Really?" he demanded sharply. "Are you really? You may not care what happens to you, but I'm pretty damn sure that you care about what happens to Chris, Melissa, Luther, and everyone else in this room."

She recoiled slightly, stunned by his words and the vehemence behind them. "Of course I do!" she retorted.

"Well if something goes wrong you could quite possibly kill them all. And if you go wrong, then Devon is going to go wrong, so there is a good possibility that everyone in this room will end up dead. Including me. I love you princess, and I've lived a long life, but I am not ready to give it up yet. Neither am I willing to lose you."

Tears bloomed in her eyes; she swallowed back the lump in her throat. "Julian..."

"He's not going to change you, not right now anyway. None of us can take the chance of losing you."

Tears slipped silently down her face, she turned back to the window, despising the board covering it. "What about Devon?" she whispered.

Julian shifted again, a small ripple of motion that she barely caught, but suddenly he was before her. Gently clasping her chin, he lifted her face to him. His ice eyes burned into hers, the intensity in them left her breathless. "I swear to you that I will do everything I can to help the both of you figure this out. I won't leave you alone in this, but Devon needs time to himself. He needs to be alone now Cass, before he hurts someone. You have to accept that fact."

Her lower lip trembled as he gently wiped the tears from her cheek with his thumb. The intensity in his eyes burned away, it was replaced with a yearning that nearly broke her heart. For a moment Cassie froze, frightened that he would kiss her again. She stared pleadingly back at him, praying that he wouldn't. With a soft sigh, he dropped his head to hers, cradling her face gently for a moment before kissing her forehead quickly and pulling swiftly away.

Cassie watched silently as he stalked back across the room, his back as stiff as a board, his body humming with tension. Cassie ducked her head; unable to meet Chris or Liam's gazes, she turned her attention to the rest of the room and all the people she cared about. Patrick and Joey did not count, but her gaze landed upon them. Joey's head was bowed as he slept in his chair, but Patrick was awake and watching them intently. The creatures had never gone for them.

Cassie frowned, her arms folding over her chest as she studied them a new discomfort began to grow inside of her. Why hadn't the creatures gone for them? The one had targeted her because it had seen her, and recognized her, and hated her. But they would have recognized these two, and no matter how much they may have hated her, their hate for these two would have to be worse. There is no way that it could not be, not with what these two had done to them.

She took a step toward them, her head tilted to the side, as the wheels in her mind began to spin rapidly. And then, she knew. Her mouth dropped, her eyes widened as she gaped at the two men. "Cassie?" Chris inquired softly.

She took another step toward them, her heart hammering, and her throat dry. She thought of the creatures that had escaped from here, thought of the ones still lurking within the shadows, and her skin crawled with disgust and horror. The icy tentacles of terror crept steadily up her neck, causing her hair to stand on end. How many of them were still out there, hunting, plotting?

"Cassie?" Chris asked again, an edge of fear making his voice sharper than normal.

She turned slowly toward Julian, her heart hammering with terror. "You need to go find him Julian," she whispered. "Please, you need to go now. He can't be out there alone, it's too dangerous. They're far smarter than we thought, far smarter."

Julian stared at her for a moment, his eyes hooded and distant. Frustration filled Cassie, panic clenched at her chest as she thrust a finger at Patrick and Joey. "That one recognized me from in there; he came at me because he recognized me. You think that he, that they didn't recognize them. That they didn't want to kill them too! Of course they did, but they didn't go after them. Why? Because they were tied to the chairs, they were easy targets; they knew that they could take them without a problem. Those creatures knew that they had to come for us first, that they had to take us down in order to get to them. They planned everything, they calculated everything. We already knew that they ambushed us, but we assumed it was the same as wolves hunting a deer. We didn't realize just how much thought process and intelligence they do still have. Julian you have to go get him, they're out there and they're going to come back, or they are going to trap him. He can't be alone Julian, he can't! They'll kill him if he is!"

Julian simply continued to stare at her a moment longer before his gaze turned slowly toward the two men tied to the chairs. Anger and hatred flitted swiftly over his defined features. "How much reason do they have?" he growled.

Patrick shifted slightly, wiggling his hands behind his back. His eyes were cold, flat, as he met Julian's furious gaze. "Far more than we would have liked. It's why we were destroying them, they were more dangerous than we had realized."

Cassie shuddered as disgust and revulsion filled her. He sounded as if he were simply talking about rabid animals and not human beings with families and lives. She found herself wishing that the creatures had killed him when they broke in. "They had realized you were going to destroy them all and they plotted their escape," Cassie breathed.

"Bastard!" Julian hissed.

Patrick showed no signs of remorse as he met Julian's fierce gaze. "Insanity," Luther whispered. "Complete insanity."

"Julian," Cassie breathed. He turned slowly toward her. "Julian someone has to warn him, please Julian."

He hesitated for a moment before nodding briskly. "I'll find him."

"You can't go out there alone."

"I'll be fine."

Cassie reached for him as he grabbed hold of the door. Terror flooded her, she wanted Devon safe, but she didn't want Julian to be hurt in the process. "Take me with you." He shook his head, his hand clenching hold of hers. "Take someone with you."

"I'm not leaving you with even less numbers in here than before. I will be fine princess."

Her fingers tightened upon his, clinging to him for a moment longer. "Don't call me princess," she whispered.

He grinned at her before releasing her hand. "Anything you say. You are to stay in here, do you understand me?" Cassie nodded. "I mean it Cass, you stay inside I'm trusting you on this one. I can't save you both."

She managed another small nod. Chris, having risen from the chair, pulled her back a step. She watched in terror as Julian slipped out the door.

CHAPTER 14

"Cassie." She turned briefly away from the small hole she had found in another window. Annabelle stood nervously by her side, her tiny hands clenched tight. "Cassie maybe you should get some sleep, you must be exhausted."

Cassie shook her head as she turned away. She was exhausted, her entire body ached from being so stiff and anxious, but she would not rest until Julian and Devon returned to her safely. Besides, she could not go to sleep when they were still so very vulnerable to attack. It was only a matter of time before the creatures regrouped and came back at them in full force, unless they had decided to spread out from the town in search of easier victims. Though, with the cunning and thirst for vengeance the creatures appeared to have, she did not think they would leave this town until they had extracted their revenge.

Cassie glanced over to where Patrick and Joey remained tied. They would be the main reason that the monsters came back, but they would have to get through all of them in order to kill those two. Cassie wasn't so sure she wanted to put up a fight in order to protect them. "Cass." She turned back toward Annabelle, hating the pity and sympathy in her bright sea green eyes. "They'll be fine."

"Yes," she breathed, not at all convinced.

Annabelle squeezed her hand gently before slipping silently into the shadows. Cassie returned to staring out at the dark night. The moon danced across the snow, casting bright light off of its white surface. Stars twinkled in the sky; they were bright hopeful lights against a curtain of black night. The skeletal branches danced and swayed in the gentle breeze that wafted through them.

Julian and Devon had to be freezing out there. A shiver raced down her, she rested her fingers against the board on the window. She desperately wanted to go out there, to search for them herself; she hated feeling helpless and alone. She hated feeling this torn and adrift in the world.

Then she saw it, a darker shadow amongst the night; a figure amidst the woods. Cassie's heart turned over, thumping with a mighty heave that left her breathless. The darkness caressed his hard body; the moon lit his black hair. Though she could not discern his features, he was the same size and shape as Devon. His hair was the same dark color. Devon would not have gone far from them, she knew that. He would not have left her alone.

And she was not going to leave him alone.

Spinning on her heel, she fled toward the door. Chris jumped toward her, trying to block her before she could get her hand on the knob. But she was faster than he was. Throwing the lock, she tossed the door open. "Cassie!"

The wind hit her, the chill of it blasted against her, but it did not slow her. She plunged into the night, needing to see Devon, to hold him. To ease the ache that burned in her bones and muscles. She plunged across the street; her breath blew out in bursts of steam in the frigid air. She pushed herself faster, harder.

She was halfway across the street, when he emerged from the shadows. Relief filled her, then confusion and surprise. She sprinted forward a few more steps before true realization sank in. This man was not Devon; he did look oddly like him with his dark hair, and sleek build. Even some of his features resembled Devon's. His cheekbones were high and defined like Devon's, his mouth full, but his nose was slightly bigger, and his face thinner. He was slightly shorter, stockier, but the differences were so small that she had not immediately picked up on them. His eyes though, it was his eyes that confused her the most. They were not the same bright emerald color as Devon's, they were a darker almost forest green, and they were crueler, with an edge of malice that finally slid her to a halt.

She stared at him, her mouth wide open, and shock hammering her heart against her ribcage. He and Devon were so alike, and yet so different. Who the hell was this guy?

She shook her head, taking a step back as terror filled her. She didn't know who he was, but it was more than apparent that he was not on her side as evil and hunger radiated from him. Yet, he did not appear to be one of the creatures either as his eyes remained clear and he did not appear half crazed. Malevolent yes, but half crazed no. She took another step back, swallowing heavily. She wanted to turn and flee, but she instinctively knew that she would not get away.

"You must be her," he purred.

Cassie frowned as she took another step back, trying hard to keep her terror in control. Who the hell was this man? She knew what he was, but who the hell was he that he thought he knew her? And why was he staring at her with such malice when she didn't even know him?

She took another small step back, trying not to draw his immediate attack. She could sense his power, his strength. She could feel it thrumming from him like a tightly wound guitar string. Taking another step back, she tried to breathe through the lump of fear in her throat and the tight constriction in her chest.

A small, cruel smile twisted his lips. Lips that weren't as full as Devon's but the upper one was stiff like Devon's, while the bottom was soft. Confusion continued to twist through her. The similarities were so striking, so fierce. Yet so different. There was no softness in his gaze, no love, no humanity.

She took another step back, but knew instinctively that it didn't matter what she did, he was going to come after her anyway. "Pretty."

Though the word was barely a soft hiss, Cassie heard it as clearly as if he had been standing beside her. She shivered, suddenly certain that he could be beside her in an instant. Her skin crawled as if he had touched her, crawled as if he were already next to her.

The corners of his eyes crinkled as his smile widened. "This is going to be fun."

Cassie's hands clenched as she prepared herself for the attack she knew was imminent. Then she felt the ground begin to rumble, felt the earth shake and tremble as it lifted and shook with mighty waves. A fissure sprouted in the street, zigzagging rapidly toward her as the pavement cracked and heaved. A startled cry escaped her as she jumped out of the way of the rapidly growing hole in the middle of the street.

She wanted to turn and flee, but as she took a step back, her foot came up against the edge of another hole. She glanced wildly around, terrified to realize that a large hole had formed around her. A hole she was beginning to realize she could no longer see the bottom of. Dirt and pavement fell into the widening gaps; it clattered as it bounced off the sides of the dirt and rock.

Chris, Liam, Melissa, and Annabelle skidded to a halt at the edge of the hole. They stood, gaping at her across the widening five foot gap. Behind them, she could see Dani and Luther gathered at the edge of the store, watching in horror as the earth gave another mighty heave. Cassie stumbled, falling as she lost her balance. A small cry escaped her as her hand fell into one of the ever growing pits, and her leg skidded off the side.

"Cassie!" Melissa screamed.

Terror rushed up to replace her shock. For the first time she realized that the earth may just swallow her whole. She scrambled away from the edge of the growing cavity, knocking more rocks and pavement away, causing her small shelf of safety to become even smaller.

"Cassie!" Chris was kneeling before her, stretching his hand across the widening breach. "Reach for my hand!"

She gathered her legs beneath her. Kneeling, she leaned forward as she reached for his questing hand across the gap. Her fingertips were just centimeters from his, just within reach. She stretched herself as far as she could, but it was not enough. Frustration filled her; helplessness consumed her as her small plateau began to shrink.

"Jump!" he hissed at her.

Desperation seized her as she lunged forward, leaping for Chris's hand. She fell forward; air and space rushed up to meet her as she tumbled toward the large chasm. A small scream of terror worked its way up her throat, but it lodged there as Chris's hand grasped hold of her arm. His fingers dug into her skin, he held her tight, his grip painful and bruising, but greatly welcome. Cassie's breath froze in her lungs, her body stiffened as she waited for the impending, painful contact of the wall of dirt and rocks. She lifted her other hand, preparing to use it to block as much of the blow as she could as she fell rapidly forward. Her legs kicked out, catching a glance blow off the wall. The impact of the wall threw her off balance, spinning her around in midair as Chris clung to her.

Arms suddenly wrapped around her, grasping her so tight that the air exploded from her lungs. A startled cry escaped her as Chris's hand was ripped away, leaving long scratch marks down her arm. The crater rushed away from her, the arms encircled her tighter. She would have panicked against the sudden hold, but she recognized Devon's smell and solid embrace instantly.

All of her terror disappeared, the tension eased from her body as she allowed herself a moment to melt against him, to savor in him, to take comfort in the strength and reassurance of his embrace. Then, they were on solid ground. His legs bowed as he took the impact of their landing, lifting her high so that her feet did not touch the ground.

He held her against his chest for a moment, his nose buried in her hair as he inhaled her scent deeply. A shiver of delight and desire raced down her spine. For a brief moment she allowed herself to forget everything as her fingers dug into his hard arm. His lips touched briefly against her ear, then her neck, before he gently lowered her to the ground.

He rose slowly, his hand encircling hers as he lifted her to her feet. His eyes were hard as they met hers, his jaw locked tight, and his shoulders stiff. For a moment love filled his gaze, and then resignation and anger blazed forth. Cassie's eyes widened, her hand tightened around his as she clenched it tighter. This Devon was different than the one that had fled the store. That one had been terrified that he would hurt her, that he would take her against her will. This Devon looked prepared to do war as he released her.

He kept her behind him, his arm braced in front of her as he turned to face the strange man across the way. The strange man with the frightening power to make the earth split apart in order to swallow her whole. The man was grinning at them; his eyes alight with mischief and delight. "There you are!" he cried eagerly, clasping his hands before him. Cassie's eyes widened in the face of his obvious, malicious delight at seeing Devon. "I was so hoping you would join us!"

"Here I am," Devon growled.

Cassie wanted to reach for Devon, to cling to him, but she found herself unable to move as she watched the exchange in wide eyed fascination. Standing across from each other, the similarities between the two were even more noticeable, as was the immense hatred they had for one another. Devon stepped closer to her, blocking her even more from view as the strangers gaze darted quickly toward her, his smile widened to reveal his long fangs.

"She's a fine little piece."

A low hiss escaped Devon, his muscles rippled beneath his shirt. Cassie thought he was going to lunge forward, but instead he pushed her back a step. "I'll destroy your mind and rip your throat out before I ever let you near her."

The stranger's amusement did not wane at the threat. Instead, he seemed even more intrigued by the notion as his head tilted to the side, trying to get a better look at her. Cassie stared in disbelief at the back of Devon. Even against Patrick he had not wanted to use his ability. But now, not only was he threatening to wield it, he was also threatening to destroy this stranger with it. She did not know how to process this strange turn of events. Cassie started in surprise, jumping slightly as Julian suddenly appeared beside her, his arm firm against hers as he boxed her in. She tilted her head to look up at him, her confusion evident as she met his electric eyes.

He gazed briefly down at her; the hatred in his gaze leaving her breathless. She knew that hatred was not for her, even when he had wanted to kill her he had never looked at her like that. There had always been an air of amusement, curiosity, and admiration about him when it came to her. There had never been hatred. In fact, even when he had claimed to hate Devon, she had never seen this look in his eyes. This was absolute abhorrence, and it was apparent that it was for the man standing across the street from them.

Who was he? She wondered again, her gaze darting back to the stranger. He had to be someone bad if they were both reacting to him in such a way.

"And if it isn't the venerable sidekick," the man purred, his eyes lighting upon Julian. "I thought you two parted ways when Devon went vegan on us. Imagine my surprise when Matthew informed us that you two had reunited, and for this girl no less. Our enemy." Devon stiffened even more at the name Matthew, while Julian hissed a soft curse. Cassie glanced wildly between them, sensing that the name, and this man's presence, was far worse than she had even begun to fathom.

"How are you not killing each other over her?" The man continued. "Or are you sharing her like you've shared so many others before?"

Cassie winced involuntarily; the words were a stabbing reminder of Devon's past that she did not want to hear. A past that she had so recently come to terms with. "Enough!" Devon roared his hands fisting as he took a step forward, bracing for an attack.

"Easy," Julian warned, grasping hold of Devon's arm. "It's what he wants Devon, and that cannot be good."

Though Devon did not lunge forward, his tension did not ease. "Still a good sidekick, always sticking by your leader's side," the man commented lightly, pinning Julian with a disgusted look. "Always second best, especially now."

Julian quirked an eyebrow, amusement flitted over his features. It was a look Cassie recognized well, but the amusement didn't reach his eyes. "Oh Robert, even after all of these years your jealousy has not eased. You were never best, second best, or even third, how pathetic and sad."

Cassie's forehead furrowed, her eyes narrowed as she glanced toward the stranger.

Robert.

For the first time, he seemed aggravated by the situation, and not as in control. Julian's words had affected him, rattled him, and annoyed him. But even more than that, the name rang a bell in Cassie's memory. She had heard it before, she couldn't recall where, but she was fairly certain that Devon had been the one to mention it.

She glanced back at the man, taking in his features and build. Her mind spun, running through everything that Devon had ever told her. "What are you doing here?" Devon demanded.

Robert's gaze darted to her, his eyes lit, his mouth pursed as his eyes raked her. Cassie felt as if her skin had just been flayed from her body, as if she had just been ripped open and exposed to the very marrow of her bones. Her arms wrapped involuntarily around herself as she took a small step back. It was more than apparent that this man wanted her dead. Devon growled in low warning, Julian stepped closer to her.

Her hands trembled, she wanted to reach out to Devon, to touch him, to hold him, but she couldn't bring herself to move. Her spinning mind had just clicked into place. She suddenly knew instantly who this strange man was. She also knew that Devon had not told her about what he was. That he had purposely kept it from her. Her eyes landed on Devon's broad back, betrayal spun through her, but she couldn't bring herself to be angry, just shocked and dismayed. And completely confused and lost.

Why had he not told her about this? What had happened between them to cause such animosity and hatred?

She glanced back at the strange man, but even before he spat the word with such vehemence, she already knew the answer, already knew who he was. "You know why I'm here, brother."

***

Devon could feel the turmoil rolling off of Cassie, the shock and horror that vibrated from her in waves. He did not feel shock from her though when Robert revealed what they were to each other. So, she had already figured it out, he realized. She knew his worst secret now, the worst part of him, the one thing that he had never been able to bring himself to reveal to her. The one person he had never wanted her to meet.

And now he wanted her the hell out of here before Robert came at her again. Robert would do everything in his power to take her from him. Robert would do everything he could to destroy her, in order to destroy Devon. "Matthew sent you here?" he inquired in a low rumble, barely able to get words out through the constriction of anger and terror tightening his chest.

Roberts grin, and the wicked gleam in his eyes should have warned him, but he was still unprepared for what he said next. "Oh no dear Devon, Matthew escorted me here. I mean imagine our surprise when he revealed that there are Hunter's still alive, and one of our own fancies himself in love with one of them. Plus, from what I've been led to understand, we are standing in what is now a ghost town, with a bunch of miscreants that never should have existed running around. All of our lives are on the line if they escape here; all of our safety is in jeopardy. Do you think that any of us would miss this fun?"

Julian swore loudly, grabbing hold of Cassie, he shoved her roughly in between him and Devon as he stepped firmly behind her. Devon bristled at her startled cry, but he did not protest Julian's action, nor did he react to Julian's protective hold upon her. It was where she needed to be, and he was simply grateful for the fact that Julian would protect her with his life also. Something he greatly feared that Julian was going to have to do very soon.

Devon took a step back, pushing her tighter in between them. Her hands curled into his back, her breath was warm even through the layers of clothes he wore. He would not allow her to die, he would not allow her to be killed, but he had no way to get her out of here right now. Not in time anyway.

"I love you," she whispered, her head briefly dropping to his back.

Devon shuddered; raw emotion swirled up to choke him. She had put her absolute faith and trust in him, and even though he had omitted a big part of his life, she still loved and forgave him. He could not let such a person be destroyed. He could not lose her. He would do everything he could, do whatever it took to make sure that she walked away from this. Even if it meant doing things he had sworn he would never do again.

His gaze fell back to his brother; it was not Robert that he wanted, not Robert that he could use. But where were the others? He knew that they were all out there, somewhere. He glanced toward Chris, who remained standing only a few feet away, his face ashen, his eyes wide with terror. Chris sensed them, sensed their power and intent, and he knew what they were. Chris knew what else had come to this town, knew what else had come to kill them.

Sensing Devon's gaze, Chris turned slowly toward him, but he simply shook his head in response to Devon's unasked question. Chris didn't know where they were either. Devon's hands clenched, his fingers fisted in frustration. They would do whatever they could to avoid Devon for as long as possible, to hide from him. They thought that if they revealed themselves together they would be able to protect themselves from him.

However, they did not know that he had been feeding on Cassie, a powerful Hunter, who had Julian's Elder blood inside her also. They could not know the power that she possessed, the strength that had been flowing through her veins and into his. They may have a vague inkling about it, or at least Matthew might have foreseen it, but Devon didn't think they would be here if they knew it all. No matter what Robert said about the Hunter's, or the creature's in this town, those things together would still not be enough of an enticement to bring The Elder's here if they thought there was any chance they could lose this battle. No matter what, above even risk of exposure, Elder's valued their own lives far more than they valued anything else. The survival instinct in them was far deeper and fiercer than in younger vampires.

Devon suspected the reasons for that were partly because they had survived so long, and they had seen and caused so much death in their long lives. Because of that, they had a far firmer grip on how tenuous life truly was. Even an immortals life. The Elder's had a far firmer grip than a younger vampire who suddenly found themselves with a vast amount of power, vitality, and an immortality status they had never imagined could exist, and they believed it never could be revoked. He suspected the other reason was that The Elder's had been around so long and caused so much destruction that they feared death, and the afterlife they may have to face. For there would be no heaven for them, or for himself even, but a fiery pit of Hell that none of them wanted to experience, but quite possibly could if they were destroyed.

No, The Elder's had come here fully expecting to win this battle. Which meant that Matthew's visions had not revealed everything to The Elder's and that gave them an air of surprise still that The Elder's would not expect. There was still a chance he could get Cassie out of here. He did not kid himself into thinking that he could get them all out of here. He was not a dreamer, or an optimist, he never had been. He had always been practical, and he knew that when this was over they would not all be standing, but he was determined that Cassie would be.

Wrapping his arm behind him, his fingers entangled with hers. For a brief moment he allowed himself to savor in the wonderful touch of her skin against his, in the wonderful peace that she brought to him. The beast inside him was too focused upon the upcoming battle, and the necessity to keep her alive to allow himself to drift into her too much. The man was terrified that he would lose her, and could barely bring himself to release her hand. His fingertips lingered against hers for a brief moment before he let her go.

He turned back to his brother, bile and hate rising up in crushing waves. They had never gotten along in life; in death it had been even worse. He knew that Robert had come here specifically for Cassie, specifically to take her from him. But it was not Robert that Devon wanted, it was not Robert that he needed. And Robert knew that. As did the others.

And then he saw them, shadows emerging slowly from the woods, but not all of them came forward. It did not matter though; they were close enough now that he could feel the edges of their minds. Close enough to seize them. He drew on Cassie's blood, drew on his far vaster strength as an Elder. He shoved gently forward with his mind, being careful not to make waves that Adon could pick up on and alert the others to.

Gently, slipping silently within their barriers, slithering as slowly and stealthily as a snake in the grass, he seized hold of two of their minds. Taking control, he twisted them to his will so smoothly that their facial expressions didn't even flicker, their eyes never even moved. With gentle coercion, he instructed them to remain the same, to continue to act as they normally would.

He did not need them now, but he would need them soon, and when the time came they would have no choice but to join his side and help him protect Cassie. He could take more of them if he wanted, but with just the one mind alone, he could bend the most powerful amongst The Elder's to his will. He seized the other mind only as a precaution, but it was a precaution that he was not willing to let go of.

With firm control over that one mind, Devon turned toward Zane, the man he had learned a lot from, the man who had been a mentor of sorts to Devon. A mentor from hell that was filled with nothing but hatred, vengeance, and bloodlust, and at one time Devon had savored in it all. Devon had spent a fair amount of time with Zane many years ago, but unlike Julian, they had never grown to like each other. They had never been friends. The two of them had simply respected and learned from each other, simply savored in the ability of the other to one up each other in savagery. Devon had not seen Zane in nearly four hundred years, but his capability for cruelty and torture was still very fresh in Devon's mind.

Anger and hatred blazed through Devon at the thought of what Zane would do to Cassie if he got his hands on her. He would make her time with Patrick beneath the school look like a vacation. Zane would torture her until there was nothing left of her, bleed her almost to death before bringing her back to do it over and over again. He would make sure that she stayed alive for years in order to continue doing so.

Devon gazed upon Zane, the oldest Elder, and the one that ran the show. The one that mistakenly believed he still possessed more power than Devon. The one that had no way of knowing that Devon already controlled him like a puppet. A small, cruel smile curved Zane's mouth as he turned his gaze ever slowly from Devon to Cassie.

"Delicious," Zane purred.

Devon pushed her back a step, squeezing her tight between him and Julian. Between the two of them, Zane would never get at her. Hopefully.

CHAPTER 15

Cassie could barely breathe against the two bodies pressed tight to her. But then she thought she wouldn't be able to breathe anyway through the shock, horror, and fear rolling through her. She was no dummy; she knew who these people were, knew what they represented. She knew what they had come here for, and what they would do to all of them. Devon and Julian may be Elders, and there may be two other vampires, four Hunter's, (if they could untie Joey there would be five of them, but she didn't think they would make it to him in time), and a Guardian present, but she knew that they would not be a match against eight Elders.

They were no match against eight of the monsters that had killed her parents. Hatred and anger tore through her; she trembled with the ferocity of it. Ever since she had learned the truth of what she was, ever since she had learned that The Elder's had organized a large group of vampires to destroy the Hunter line, she had desperately wanted revenge. And now was finally her chance for revenge, but there were so many of them and they were so powerful. At least they would be able to take a few of them out (of that she was certain, because she would be sure to do so), before they were completely overrun.

"Delicious."

Cassie's eyes narrowed on the one that had uttered the word with such reverence. Disgust rolled through her, but so did anger. She studied the man carefully. He radiated power, hunger, and maliciousness even more so than the others. He also sported a bit of a tan. She recalled Devon telling her that he had known one other vampire that could walk about in the sun; this was most definitely that man.

His eyes were light ochre brown, so light in fact that they appeared almost golden in the moonlight, like honey. His dark blond hair was streaked with natural lighter blond highlights. The highlights had been caused by the light of the sun, a light that he never should have known again, that Devon never should have known again, but did. He looked like a Californian golden boy with his wavy hair falling over his forehead and his clean cut good looks.

His dark nature was very evident, as his was his thirst for blood, and it was more than apparent that he was no golden boy. He was not as tall as the other men about him, but he bore an aura of power that made him appear even larger, even stronger. Even more formidable and intimidating.

"Zane," Devon murmured his beautiful eyes hooded and dark as he stared hard at the other man.

Zane, somehow that name fit the man perfectly. It was wild and untamed, yet strong, deceiving, mischievous and dangerous. Everything she knew that he was. He appeared a little older than Devon, as if he had been turned in his mid to late twenties, maybe even early thirties instead. Not like it mattered when they had been turned, they were all over five hundred years old now, she realized with dismay.

Devon's gaze snapped toward the others as they all shifted amongst the shadows. They moved eerily together like one smooth, flowing unit. A unit that was acutely in tune with each other, as acutely in tune as a hive of bees or a flock of birds. They had been together for so long that they no longer needed to speak in order to communicate with each other, but simply picked up on the others motions and movements.

They were completely freaky, and utterly frightening.

Cassie wanted to press tighter to Devon as her skin began to crawl, but she would not reveal her fear to them. She would not give them the satisfaction of knowing that they had unnerved her. She glanced over the rest of the group. They were staring hungrily forth, their eyes as bright and eager as wolves. Cassie met their gazes, not backing down from their ravenous, nerve racking stares.

"Devon." Zane's full mouth curved into a half smile, his long fangs flashed in the dim moonlight. Cassie briefly wondered where all the Halflings had disappeared to; they almost would have been handy to have around right now. She had a feeling they would go after this crew with a vengeance.

A cool breeze drifted through the trees, the clicking of their skeletal branches was eerie in the oddly silent night. No one moved as each group sized the other up. "Sleeping with the enemy?" Zane inquired softly.

Devon shifted again, his muscles rippled as he bristled with anger. "You know I won't let you near her," he growled.

"Then we have a problem," Zane said softly. "Their kind kills ours. Their kind was never meant to walk this earth; they are an abomination that should have been eliminated years ago. It is only fate and misfortune that spared a small percentage of them." Zane's head tilted to the side as he studied her like a bug, but with an air of confusion. "We cannot continue to allow these creatures to roam the earth."

Cassie's eyes widened, her mouth parted slowly. Julian's hand brushed against her waist, touching reassuringly upon her for a brief moment. "It doesn't matter what you want Zane. It never has, not to me, not to us, in case you have forgotten. You never ruled over us."

Zane's honey eyes narrowed slightly as anger flashed briefly through them. "You think you're all grown up, but you're forgetting that you're playing with the big boys again now."

"You think that there aren't enough of us to take you down Zane?"

Zane's gaze darted disdainfully over everyone. "No."

Cassie's pride prickled, her shoulders straightened. She went to step out from around Devon, but Julian grabbed her shoulder, holding her firmly in place. "Stay," he growled in a low voice.

She turned to glare at him, but he would not meet her gaze as he remained focused upon the strangers still half hidden within the shadows of the forest. Devon subtly backed her up even tighter against Julian. "You know there is a good chance that I can take you, and we will take at least some of you with us. Are you willing to risk losing a few of your cronies?" Devon snarled.

Zane's mouth quirked in a small smile. "Temper temper Devon, you never learn. You still won't listen to me, you just do what you want to do, and believe what you want to believe. You would think a half a millennium years might have tempered that tendency a little. It will get you killed one day."

Cassie bristled over his words. No one was going to take Devon from her. No one. "What do you want Zane?" Julian growled.

"I may want them all dead, like they deserve to be, but we are not here to fight you. Not unless, or until, it becomes necessary." Zane's gaze came back to Cassie, his head tilted slightly to the side as he studied her carefully. "Without her, there is no you."

Devon's hand snaked back, he seized hold of her arm so fast that she didn't see him until he had already grasped her. A small gasp of surprise escaped as he pulled her firmly behind him, burying her against him. She blinked in startled surprise at his broad back, the only thing she could see now. Her nose was smashed against him, she could hardly breathe. "You'll never touch her!" he snapped, his tone so fierce that the hairs on Cassie's neck stood up at the same time that her blood turned to ice.

A trembling took hold of her; terror began to creep through her. But she was not frightened for herself, or even for her friends right now, she was scared for Devon. Scared that he would snap and do something reckless and dangerous. Frightened that he would do something that she could not stop him for doing. "Devon," she whispered, her fingers curling into his shirt as if that would stop him from doing something crazy, as if she could hold him back if he went after Zane.

His only acknowledgement of her was a small tightening upon her arm. "Easy Devon," another murmured from the shadows. "Though Zane is not making it clear, we are not here for that."

Cassie turned toward the man that had spoken, her eyes widened upon his overwhelming, burly figure. He was by far the largest man she had ever seen, even though he had to be over five hundred years old, and people were shorter back then. She could only imagine what people had thought about him back then as this man was massive! He was well over six and a half feet tall, with shoulders so broad that they blocked out the trees behind him. His legs were the size of full grown tree trunks, his arms nearly as big.

His unruly brown hair curled around his broad, heavily bearded face. Though his hair was brown, his beard was a bright red. His eyes were some strange mixture of his hair and beard, a deep brownish red that shone in the light of the moon. In fact, those eyes looked almost kind, almost impish. Though she knew what he was, and what his presence here meant, she could not envision him being cruel or vicious. In fact, if that hair and beard ever went gray, and despite his massive size, she could easily picture children sitting upon his lap telling him what they wanted for Christmas.

"Then what are you here for?" Devon demanded.

The giant of a man glanced at Zane, disapproval obvious in his gaze. "To make sure the Halflings within this town do not escape, and that they do not become known amongst the world. They'll endanger us all if they do."

"We are also here for the girl," Zane interjected sharply, shooting the giant a dark look. Cassie's fingers dug uselessly into Devon's shirt as the rage within him notched up a little. She could not stop him; she would not reach him if he went after them.

"Zane!" the giant hissed, obviously becoming aggravated by his friends hostile attitude.

"Enough Bernard," Zane ordered briskly. "Devon must know the whole reason why we are here, and what must be done."

Devon's one hand was fisted, and though he still held her arm, she was able to twist herself slightly away from his back. His eyes were a fiery red as he glanced toward her before trying to push her behind him again. Before Devon could successfully shove her aside again, she managed to turn and meet Zane's amused expression head on.

"And what must be done?" she demanded, tilting her chin defiantly.

He grinned at her, his long fangs flashing brightly in his tanned face. "You must be changed, of course."

Cassie's breath exploded out of her, she nearly fell over from the shock the words caused her. The silence that followed was so profound that she could hear one of the few rabbits left in the woods scurry back into its hole. The silence was so profound that she could hear the soft breaths of the people behind her. Even Devon, who had seemed so close to the edge, remained frozen, unmoving, paralyzed by the words that Zane had just issued.

Cassie was the first to recover her aplomb, the first to know how to respond. "Ok."

Whereas Zane's words had stunned everyone into silence, her single word caused an explosion of flurry and reaction so intense that she almost covered her ears to block out their protests. The only ones who did not start shouting their disapproval were Julian and Devon. They remained completely silent as they stared at her as if she had sprouted two heads, as if she were some alien from the planet Jupiter.

The Elders remained silent, watching intently as everyone that had been standing near the store completely forgot about The Elders. They rushed forward, their voices jumbled loudly together in their urge to be heard over everyone else. They approached steadily, each voicing their opposition. The only one that held back was Luther, he was also not screaming as he moved slowly toward them. His gray eyes were sad; the expression he wore was resolved, and slightly frightened. Throughout everything they had been through, she had never seen Luther frightened; she had not thought that it was possible.

Cassie could not tear her eyes away from his face. She could not look away from the man who had been like a father to her for the past four years. He looked as if he had lost her, or was terrified that he was about to. Cassie knew what her decision meant, knew what the consequences of it could be, but she no longer cared.

She had always known that they would come to a crossroad, that one day the choice would be forced upon them. But lately she had begun to fear that it would happen because Devon could no longer control himself and took her by force. If that happened he would always hate himself, even if she did come through the transformation unscathed. But if the choice was taken from them, if they were forced into it, then he could not blame himself, and the tension, misery, and instability he had been living with could be eased.

It would be ok, she would be ok. She firmly believed that, no matter what anyone else said. She would survive this, she would come through it. She had survived far worse and she was still intact. She would make it through this.

"It is settled then," Zane declared. He folded his hands before him, as his eyes gleamed with satisfaction.

"The hell it is!" Devon exploded.

Cassie flinched slightly. She wanted to move away from the wrath that blasted from him, but she would not back down from this. "Devon..."

"This will not happen!" he interrupted fiercely.

"This will happen!" she retorted just as fiercely. "It has to happen Devon. It finally has to happen." His eyes narrowed fiercely, the blood red color of them more than a little disturbing. "The choice has been taken from us. We can do this, I can survive this."

His black hair fell across his forehead in a tumbled mess as he shook his head fiercely. "No, I will not take the chance..."

"The chance that you will snap and do it by force!? The chance that I will be killed and it will destroy you anyway? The chance that I may very well just grow old and die? What chance is it that you are unwilling to take Devon?"

"The chance that I will turn you into a monster!" he roared.

Cassie's heart broke, pieces of it scattered about her feet. She understood his fear, his anguish, his terror, but he didn't understand that this must be done now. She turned toward Zane, hating the smug look on his face. "If this happens, you will leave us all be?"

"Of course," he purred.

"You can't trust him Cassie," Devon moaned.

She knew that, she was not a fool. But she also knew that The Elder's would need them as much as they needed The Elder's if they were going to take down the Halflings. The creatures in this town were far smarter, and more powerful, than any of them had realized. They needed help in order to thwart this problem. And so would The Elder's, no matter how powerful they thought they were, they would not all survive the creatures in this town. They would lose a few of their own in the process, and that was a chance that Cassie didn't think they were willing to take. There were too few of them left to risk losing any more of them.

"I know that," she whispered. "But we cannot trust you either anymore." Devon looked as if she had slapped him. She hated to hurt him, hated driving the knife deeper in order to get her own way, but it needed to be done. He needed to realize that this was the end of the road. Needed to realize that there was nowhere else for them to go. "And you can't keep taking off whenever you feel yourself unraveling. I need you Devon, and if this continues on, I am going to lose you."

His eyes flickered, pain radiated from him, but she saw a softening in his features. "Cassie..."

"There is no choice, the decision has been made," Zane said firmly. "She will join us."

Cassie shot Zane a fierce look as anger flitted over Devon's features. She had just been starting to reach him but now she could feel his stubborn streak surging to life, wanting to deny Zane's words. She also wanted to tell Zane that she would not be joining him, she would be joining Devon. Wanted to tell him that she would never be on their side, but she bit her tongue. She had a feeling that if she protested that statement holy hell would break lose. "Wait..."

"There are details to iron out of course," Zane continued over Devon's protest. "We will need to make a decision on what will happen to her if the change is not successful. We also must discuss what our relationship amongst each other will be when this is done. There must be a truce struck."

"I will not let this happen," Devon grated.

"If it does not happen, then we will fight, because she cannot remain the way that she is. We cannot allow a Hunter to exist that can turn into a monster at a moment's notice. Apparently her kind used to have the decency to take care of them, but that doesn't happen now."

Cassie felt as if she had been slapped. Devon's hands tightened around her as she took a small step back, horror curdling through her. "Zane," Devon hissed in warning.

"Why would you want to change me, and not kill me?" Cassie demanded ignoring Devon's censuring, flustered look.

Zane stared hard at her for a moment, his head tilting back and forth like an owl scoping its' pray. Though she was a trembling mass of fear and uncertainty inside, she kept her shoulders thrust back, and her chin lifted defiantly. "A battle would be fun, but some of us would be lost, something I do not wish to have happen. You also know that most of you will not survive. Is that a chance you're willing to take?"

"No," Cassie answered when Devon remained silent, brooding. "No, but you must promise you will not hurt them."

"Of course I won't," Zane murmured.

"Cassie," Chris whispered.

She turned toward him, hating the sadness and resignation in his eyes. "It will be ok," she promised.

He shook his head, his mouth opened before snapping closed again. "Their promises mean nothing," Julian informed her in a low, disgruntled voice. "Nothing princess, do you understand that?"

She swallowed heavily before nodding. "Do we have a choice?"

"We have a choice," he growled.

Her gaze darted to Devon; her heart ached with love and need at the sight of his broken expression. "Do we?" she whispered, her hand entwining tightly with Devon's, clinging to him. "Do we?"

He pulled her suddenly against him. His hands wrapped around her face as his lips descended upon hers. She could feel his fangs against her mouth, but she did not care as his tongue plummeted into her mouth with a desperation and ferocity that left her breathless and shaken. She trembled within his grasp, melting against him as she forgot about every rotten, evil thing surrounding them.

She needed this moment, needed this man, no matter how short lived it may be. Tears burned her eyes, her fingers curled into his side, clinging to him. He pulled slowly away, gently kissing her lips, her nose, and finally her forehead. "It will be ok," she vowed.

His eyes were emerald once more as he met her gaze. He stared hard at her for a moment, his fingers lightly stroking her face before he bent to kiss her gently once more. He did not turn to look at the others before speaking again. "We will go inside and discuss this," he said softly.

"Wonderful!" Zane announced happily.

Cassie closed her eyes against Zane's joy, hating this entire situation, but also oddly excited about what was to come. She knew that her time on earth as a human was running short, but she was not terrified by that prospect. Not if it meant spending eternity with the one person she loved most in her life.

Anger flashed across Devon's gorgeous features, but he took hold of her hand as he turned back toward the store. His gaze briefly met Julian's, who hung back, waiting for The Elder's to come forward. Cassie held her head high as Devon led her past the others, but she could feel the sadness that radiated from them.

CHAPTER 16

Devon remained silent as he stood in the middle of the room. Though he was braced for a swift attack, he tried to keep his posture as casual as possible. He had tried to keep Cassie behind him but she refused to stay there, and stood silently by his side. His violet blue eyes were wide as she studied The Elder's gathered before them. He could sense her curiosity, her questions, especially about his brother, but she didn't ask them. She would not do so until this ordeal was over.

He glanced toward Robert, bristling at the sight of the man. He had never wanted to see him again. His brother was a man that he had cared for a little, but had never been close to in life. He had grown to despise Robert in death. Robert stared back at Devon, an amused smile quirked his mouth as he leaned against the wall, his arms folded over his chest. Every once in awhile Robert's gaze would wander to Cassie, lingering on her far too long for Devon's liking.

It didn't matter what Zane said, they were not here for a tenuous truce. If they had come here looking for a truce, they would have left Robert behind, no matter how many reinforcements they felt they may need here. They all knew that what Robert wanted more than anything was to see Devon miserable, not dead because that would be too quick, but completely destroyed.

Devon wanted to tell Robert to stop looking at her, but he knew that all Robert wanted was a reaction from him. He refused to give it to him. Julian shifted slightly, his shoulder brushing up against Cassie's, his lip curled into a sneer as he glared at Robert. Though there was a fierce amount of hostility between Robert and Devon, there was even more between Robert and Julian. Especially since Robert had once tried to kill Julian, and would have succeeded if Devon had not intervened. That had been the last time Devon had seen Robert, and he was fairly certain it had been the last time that Julian had too.

Devon had left his brother broken and bleeding, and near death. Devon had been brutal and ruthless at the time, had savored in the blood and the power, but he had been unable to bring himself to kill his own brother. He was beginning to regret that decision now. Though he knew that Robert had not actually been trying to kill Cassie outside, and had merely been trying to draw Devon out, Devon also knew that Robert would kill her if given the chance. As long as it was in front of him, and Devon was determined not to let that happen.

Cassie tilted her chin, her gorgeous eyes narrowed as she glared back at Robert. He broke into a wide grin, his eyebrows wiggling suggestively as he tilted his head to the side. "You know I was always the better looking, more sought after brother. You could always switch; many a woman has."

Julian's breath hissed out of him, his anger notched up a fierce level. Devon's hands fisted as he fought the urge to punch the smug look off of Robert's face, but he knew that was exactly what Robert wanted. Cassie sneered in disgust. "They obviously lied to you," she retorted.

Robert's grin widened. "I'm going to enjoy ripping your throat out."

"I'd like to see you try."

"Cassie," Julian growled in warning.

Devon remained silent, unmoving. He wanted Cassie to stop baiting Robert, yet at the same time he wished that Robert would rush him, that Robert would give him the excuse he needed to kill him. "Enough," Zane commanded, holding up a hand as Robert took a step forward. "She will be one of us."

"Why are you so determined about that?" Cassie inquired.

"To join forces of course. Hunters and Vampires have fought for over a thousand years; it is time to end that war. If you are both a Hunter and a vampire we can guarantee that this batch behind you will stay clear of us."

Cassie glanced behind her, her delicate eyebrows drawn tightly together, her mouth pursed. "You killed our parents," she whispered.

"Bygones," Zane replied lightly.

Cassie's head spun back around, her eyes narrowed fiercely. Devon stiffened, panic filling him as her fury beat against him. He didn't want them to see what she could be capable of, didn't want them to see what was inside of her. Not now anyway, he did not need them to attack right now, and he feared they would if they realized just how much power was inside of her. He feared that they would destroy her rather than take the risk of what changing her might actually do to her. "Bygones!" she snapped. "Bygones! They were our parents you son of a bitch!"

Devon took a defensive step forward, wishing yet again that for once Cassie wasn't quite so fearless. Zane was not one to mess with. But instead of becoming angry, true amusement lit Zane's eyes. "She's a feisty one, I like it."

"You don't know how feisty I can be!" she spat back at him.

"Cassie," Devon hissed. "Enough."

She glared up at him. Folding her arms over her chest, she focused her hate filled look on Zane again. Her foot tapped impatiently, but for once she held her tongue. "The change will occur tonight."

"No." Devon sighed in resignation as he turned back to Cassie; at least she had stayed silent for a moment. Determination lit her delicate features, her lips were pursed tightly.

"What do you mean no?" Zane demanded, his amusement fading rapidly. "This will be done."

"Yes, it will," Cassie agreed. "But not tonight, not until these creatures have been taken care of. You will need Devon and I in this fight, if something goes wrong with the change then you will no longer have either of us. You especially need Devon since you are the only other vampire here that can walk about in the daylight, and we know that some of the Halflings can too."

Zane was thoughtful, silent as he pondered over Cassie's words. "And how do you know that I share Devon's ability?"

Cassie rolled her eyes in disgust. "You're the only other one sporting a tan."

Amusement returned to Zane's features, a hint of respect shone in his eyes. Devon was not fooled though, Zane may be entertained and impressed by Cassie, but Devon knew Zane would still kill her in a heartbeat. "Very true my dear. The change will wait until this ordeal is over, but the moment that it is over the change will occur. Even if I have to do it myself."

Devon bristled, shifting slightly. He may not agree with this, but no one else was ever going to touch her. "That won't happen," Devon told him, his voice low and deadly.

"Then make sure that the change does occur," Zane informed him coldly.

Devon's jaw clenched, rage flared through him. "I'm not one of your little followers Zane, I never have been," he snarled as his gaze raked disdainfully over the people gathered around him. "Do not think you have any control over me."

"But I do," Zane replied. "You will do anything not to have her hurt, in any way. If you wish to push this into a fight you both may survive it, but not everyone will. You do not want her heart to be broken do you?"

Frustration filled him; he wanted nothing more than to beat the smug look from Zane's face. Cassie touched his arm lightly, looking to soothe him. "How do we know we can trust you not to turn on us anyway?" she asked softly.

"How do we know we can trust you not to turn on us once the change is complete?"

She glanced nervously around before her gaze settled on Devon, seeking help. "You don't."

"And neither do you."

"You could allow Julian to touch you," Devon said softly. "To learn the truth."

Zane quirked an eyebrow. "Then you would know the truth and we would not, that would put us at a disadvantage."

Devon glanced toward Julian. His jaw was set, his hands fisted. His eyes burned with his desire to grasp hold of one of them and learn the truth, but he remained restrained and unmoving. "Bernard can tell if we are lying to you or not," Devon answered.

Bernard glanced over them all, his gaze briefly settled on Chris before he nodded his agreement. "Yes, the boy will not block my ability, he is not strong enough."

"Excuse me?" Chris inquired sharply.

Bernard turned away, apparently deciding that Chris was not worth talking to. Chris continued to glare at the massive giant of a man, looking completely affronted. "Bernard's ability is the same as yours; he can sense people's emotions and what they are truly like inside. He will know if we are lying," Annabelle told Chris gently, trying to ease his anger.

Chris looked even more aggravated and insulted by this response. Unfortunately though, it was the truth, Bernard was far more powerful than Chris. In fact, The Elders were all more powerful than most of the people in this room, it was why Devon didn't trust Zane. It would be a fierce battle between the groups, but the outcome would more than likely favor The Elder's. Even though he knew that Zane didn't want to lose any member of his group, he still didn't understand why they would be willing to back down. And why did they want Cassie to change when they had no idea what she would become?

"Then you will allow Julian to touch you," Devon commanded.

Zane's eyes flickered with hostility and resentment. He did not like being ordered around, it was why Devon had made it more of a command than a question. He wanted Zane rattled and angered, it may let some of his defenses drop enough for Julian to slip in. Zane hesitated, his jaw clenched tighter.

"Fine," Zane finally relented.

Julian broke into a wide grin, stepping eagerly forward as he was finally given reign to set his powers free. Devon seized hold of Julian's arm before he went any further. He wanted Julian to grab hold of Zane, wanted to know what Julian would be able to learn from him. But Devon also knew that there was a possibility that Zane had become powerful enough to keep Julian blocked from anything that he didn't want him to know.

Holding tight to Julian, he tried to make sure that he learned everything that Devon wanted him to know. Tried to make sure that Julian understood there was someone else that he must touch. Someone that Devon now controlled, and who would be unable to keep anything from Julian while under Devon's command. Julian's eyes widened slightly upon his, surprise, amusement, and admiration gleamed in his gaze. For a moment Devon was sharply reminded of how things used to be between them, how close they had been, how devious and cruel.

He was reminded of the fun they had once shared, not only while killing, fighting, and hunting for women, but also just with each other. They had shared many laughs, many drinks, and many nights simply enjoying each other's friendship. They had been closer than brothers, far closer than Devon and Robert had ever been, and that was one of the reasons that Robert hated Julian so much.

A pain tugged at Devon's heart, and for the first time he actually found himself wishing that they could go back there, that they could share that again. But he knew that it could never be that way again, not with everything that had passed between them, and not with Julian's feelings for Cassie. Julian's eyes glimmered briefly, something slipped across his features as he sensed Devon's change of thought.

"I want to know why they want her to change so badly too," Devon said aloud to explain his halting of Julian to The Elder's, though Julian already knew this.

Julian's gaze slid to Cassie, pain and longing bloomed briefly in his iced eyes. Then, to Devon's complete and utter surprise, he grasped hold of Devon's arm with his free hand, squeezed it tightly, and nodded to him. Though Julian didn't say the words, Devon knew that he had just released any resentment toward him. Julian would not stand in their way, and he accepted what he couldn't have, no matter how badly he wanted Cassie. In that moment Devon knew he had his friend again, that he didn't have to worry about any of Julian's intentions, and that he could rely upon him again.

Cassie turned toward him as Julian strode across the room. Tears glimmered in her eyes as she slid her hand into Devon's, squeezing it reassuringly. He studied her, amazed by her strength and beauty. Touched by her unwavering love and understanding, no matter what he kept from her, or did to her. He was acutely reminded of the fact that she was too good for him, that she deserved better than this life. And yet this was all that he could give her.

One day he would make this up to her. When this was over, he vowed he would give her everything that she deserved, and more. His hand tightened around hers as he clasped it within both of his.

Julian reached Zane, grinning wildly as he stopped before the oldest Elder. They were the golden boys of The Elders, both fair and bright with disarming good looks. But that was where the similarities between them ended. Zane was refined, elegant, and thin with expensive clothes and even more expensive tastes. There was never a hair out of place, never a speck of dirt upon him. Julian however was wild, preferred beer to champagne, had never worn anything more expensive than cotton, and was never happier then when he was rolling around in the dirt getting drunk and causing a raucous. Their completely different personalities were only some of the reasons they hated each other. There were far more. One of the main reasons being that like Devon, Julian had never fallen into line with the rest of The Elder's. He disdained their way of life, much preferring to be out in the world, reveling in it, instead of hiding and slinking through the shadows.

Zane had never allowed Julian to touch him before; in fact he had gone out of his way to avoid it every time they'd met. From the look on his face, he would not allow it now if it weren't for the fact that he didn't have a choice. And there was no choice; if Zane didn't allow Julian to touch him then he would be admitting that there was something to hide. But if Zane did allow Julian to touch him, then there was also the possibility that he could somehow keep it hidden from Julian.

"This is to be quick. You get one brief chance to find what you are looking for and that is all," Zane sneered.

Julian's mouth quirked, distaste flashed through his eyes. "Don't be afraid Zane, it doesn't hurt. Much." Julian taunted.

Anger sparked from Zane, but before he could retort or react, Julian grasped hold of his arm. Zane jerked back instantly, his arm flying up as he knocked Julian's hand aside. "Thanks for the insight," Julian murmured.

Zane's eyes flooded red with fury, his jaw clenched tight, but he did not swing at Julian like he apparently longed to do. Julian moved down the line of Elder's examining each one of them before stopping before Adon. Though Adon had one of the strongest abilities, he was also one of the two younger than Julian, and therefore unable to resist Julian's probing. He was also under Devon's firm control, and would be unable to withhold anything from Julian.

Before anyone could stop him, Julian seized hold of Adon's hand. No one moved. Everyone remained frozen until Damon instructed Adon to react as he normally would have. Adon jerked his hand free of Julian's grasp and delivered such a speedy round house that Julian didn't have time to dodge it. His head snapped back, his teeth clattered loudly together as blood exploded from his inner cheek, spraying across the floor.

Releasing Cassie, Devon jumped forward. He knew that Julian was going to react badly to this, and now was not the time to fight. They were not prepared for it. Julian wiped the blood from his mouth with his sleeve, but to Devon's surprise, he did not attack Adon. "That's one, you won't get another," he growled.

Adon glared back at him, his hands fisted at his side. Devon didn't tell Adon to back down, he couldn't. Adon had to appear normal; they could not suspect that Devon now had complete control over one of their own.

"No Adon," Zane said sharply. "We are not here for that."

Adon remained unmoving, his slender five foot four frame as taut as a bowstring. Aside from Annabelle, he was the smallest person in the room, and had what was now commonly referred to as little man syndrome. His temper was infamous and fiery, but it had supposedly been in check ever since he had nearly been lynched by a mob two hundred years ago. The humans had discovered what he was after he had gone on a drunken rampage in a tavern. It was only the interference of Zane, and Robert, that had kept Adon alive.

Devon was honestly surprised that Adon had survived as long as he had, but he supposed living away from society for long periods of time had probably attributed to that. Though, Adon looked as if he still wanted to pounce upon Julian, his eyes slowly returned to their dark mocha color as he took a small step back. His dark hair fell across his cheek. Adon was of Greek ancestry, but years spent out of the sun had faded his olive complexion.

Julian turned slowly away, nearly bumping into Devon. "Wasn't expecting that," he muttered, wiping away the remaining blood that trickled down his lip.

"Nor I."

"Did you find out what you wanted to know?" Zane demanded, obviously irritated with the situation.

Devon glanced toward Julian, who nodded briefly. "I think we can trust them," Julian said softly. "Though they do not like this union, they are accepting of it because they feel that Cassie will be a powerful ally, an asset."

"Asset?" Cassie inquired sharply.

Devon recognized, and disliked, the rebellious fire in her eyes. "The Elders," Julian said disdainfully. "Mistakenly believe that every vampire created belongs to them. That every vampire is meant to do their bidding, and to serve them. They think that they will have ultimate power over you."

Zane smiled coldly at Julian. "We may not control you, but we do have ultimate power over you. We all serve the same purpose, we all want the same things in the long run, and that is to keep our own kind safe. Cassie will be a great aid in that."

"And if things go wrong?" Cassie demanded, obviously irritated that they thought they would have any control over her. Her arms were folded tightly over her chest, her eyebrows drawn sharply together as she tapped her foot impatiently.

"Everyone in this room knows that you will have to be dealt with if it comes to that. No one disagrees with that fact."

Cassie's gaze came slowly toward Devon; her eyes were hopeless and lost. Devon ached for her, but he could not disagree with Zane's statement. If something went wrong, they would have to both be destroyed. There was no getting around that fact.

"I want every one of your friends to agree to this arrangement, aloud and separately so that Bernard can read them. If there is no agreement, and if he feels any kind of betrayal or lie from you, there will be consequences."

Panic flared through Cassie's eyes, but before she could protest, Julian seized hold of her arm and bent low to her ear. Though Devon could not hear what he said, Cassie's mouth clamped shut. Around the room people slowly responded. Julian continued to hold her arm as Cassie bent her head, listening silently as everyone gave a soft yes. Devon remained a few feet from them, his eyes focused on Bernard as he read each response, nodding slowly afterward.

Chris was the last, and the slowest, to respond. He hesitated, his silence deep within the crowded room. Cassie finally lifted her head, turning to look at her best friend. "Chris," she whispered.

Chris licked his lips nervously. "I agree with the change, but I will not help to destroy you." His gaze flickered to Devon. "Either of you."

Devon tilted his head, studying the boy who had come to be his friend. "Understandable," Devon said softly.

The scent of Cassie's tears was sharp in the room as she hurried to Chris, enveloping him in a tight hug. Chris buried his head in her shoulder, clinging to Cassie. "Odd," Zane murmured.

Devon turned slowly toward him, despising the tone of his voice. "What is?"

"I would never allow Anastasia to hug another man."

"No dear, you allow me to do so much more," Anastasia purred, licking her lips eagerly. The last time Devon had seen her, her black hair had been floor length. It was now cut into a sleek bob just beneath her ears that showed off her refined, aristocratic features. Her vivid dark blue eyes stood out sharply against the pallor of her skin, and the midnight of her hair. "Because I love it when you catch me."

Devon's stomach twisted in disgust and revulsion. The two of them had been together for over four hundred years. Their love was strong, fierce, and completely sick and twisted. They did things to each other, and other people, that had repulsed him even when he had been at his absolute worst. Though, there had been a time when he had thought that what they shared was the only kind of love a vampire could have. A time when he believed that if he did find a mate, their relationship would be exactly like Zane and Anastasia's. He was thankful to know now that he had been completely wrong. Their love was wrong, and completely tainted. Their relationship was so twisted and dark, because they were so twisted and dark.

Zane and Anastasia exchanged a look that made Devon's lip curl in disgust. He glanced behind him to make sure that Cassie was not watching, or listening, he did not want her to witness this sick exchange. She was still hugging Chris, and Luther and Melissa had now joined them; they spoke softly as they clung to each other.

"What is your assessment Bernard?" Julian inquired obviously just as disgusted by the exchange as Devon was.

"They tell the truth," Bernard said softly. "They may not like this arrangement, but they will agree with it. If we do not betray them, they will not betray us."

"Wonderful," Zane said eagerly, licking his lips in anticipation. "We have all come to an agreement! Now we must decide how to proceed with these creatures, but that can wait till tomorrow. We are all tired, it has been a long trip."

"You will not be staying here," Devon told him when Zane looked around the room.

"Oh?"

Devon folded his arms over his chest, bracing his feet wide as he faced off against the lead Elder. "We may have a tenuous truce, but we will not pretend to like, or respect each other. You will not be staying here."

"But we must discuss plans."

"Tomorrow."

"Hmm," Zane nodded. "I suppose you are correct, we should not push our boundaries."

"No, you should not."

"Where is safe around here?" Octavia inquired. Her liquid brown eyes were intent as she studied Devon with distaste. She had once tried to pursue him, but he had spurned her advances as she had also been with his brother at the time. And Devon wanted nothing to do with anything that Robert had touched, ever. Apparently Octavia had decided that she wanted nothing to do with him either, now that he was no longer a monster. Octavia was not a pretty girl in the classical sense, but she was one of the most sensual, curvaceous women he had ever seen. She was also one of the cruelest and most vindictive.

"The bank has a safe; you will be fine inside there. No sunlight will get in, and there is a way to let yourselves out from the inside," Devon told them.

He could feel Cassie's gaze upon his back, but he didn't look at her. He didn't want her to know that he had attempted lock himself in there in order to stay away from her. The discovery of the release handle inside had prevented him from being successful however. She had already been exposed to far too much evil for his liking, he didn't want her exposed to anymore, especially not his own.

"And what will we do if they come for us during the day?" Octavia asked softly.

"They will not," Matthew answered. "The battle does not begin today."

Everyone focused their attention upon the slender man with his hands folded peacefully before him. His shock of orange hair puffed out around his face in unruly wisps. The orange freckles spattered across his face stood out sharply against the deathly pallor of his skin. Matthew had been fair in life, but in death it seemed that all of the color had drained from his body, and into his orange freckles and hair, making them stand out far more vividly than they had before. Though the rest of his features were perfect, sculpted even, the shock of orange color around his head completely distracted from that fact.

"When will it begin?" Julian inquired softly.

Matthew shrugged his slender shoulders, unfolding his hands as he spread them wide. "Your guess is as good as mine; you know my visions do not reveal everything. Just as I do not know who will win, or what her change will bring. There are some things the world keeps me in the dark about. These are a few of those things. Though perhaps, if I was allowed to touch the girl..."

"Absolutely not!" Devon interrupted sharply, knowing how deviant Matthew was. He would take too much pleasure in being allowed to touch Cassie, and Devon would be damned if he let any of them get close enough to touch her.

"Well then," Matthew continued in his melodic, soothing voice. "We will have to remain in the dark about those things, unless the young seer has anything to tell us." Melissa shook her head in response to the inquisitive looks cast her way. "It is best to have some surprises in ones future anyway, makes life all that more exciting."

The last time Devon had seen Matthew, he had been fairly certain that the man was losing his mind. But now, listening to the cadences and nuances within his tone, Devon was certain of it. He did not know what had finally driven Matthew over the edge, whether it was his numerous visions, and his knowledge of things that were not supposed to be known; or his unending cruelty, and maliciousness, that had finally done it. Whatever had caused it, it now appeared that Matthew had more than just a few screws lose, but a few hundred of them, and was probably more twisted and cruel than he had ever been.

"But the battle will come to us during the night, not during the day," Matthew continued.

Julian shook his head. "I guess they aren't as smart as we were giving them credit for."

"And why do you say that?" Matthew inquired softly, his light brown eyes inquisitive and merry.

Julian studied him for a moment, seemingly unable to figure out the strange creature across from him. "Because they would know to attack during the day, when we are far more vulnerable."

"Perhaps they are too; perhaps though they can walk about in the day, they prefer the darkness of the night to hide the evil inside them. Perhaps they feel it best not to expose themselves to the good of the sun's rays; they feel they are undeserving of it. That is the way it was always intended. Then the abnormalities rose up amongst us to taint this earth with their presence during the light. In return for immortal life, we are denied the pleasure and warmth of the sun's rays, it is the way things are supposed to be. The way they have been for millennia."

Devon lifted an eyebrow as he studied Matthew in surprise. Yep, the guy had finally flipped his nut, and apparently he was not as enamored with Zane as he had once been. Now it seemed as if Zane was an abnormality tainting the earth, as was Devon. Julian cast Devon a surprised sideways glance, his eyes wide and questioning.

"If our kind were meant to walk amongst the light, then we would not burn upon entering it. Their kind, even the ones that roam the day, may still feel the pain of redemption upon their skin. As they should. For us to not feel the sting of the warmth is a disgrace, an affront..."

"Enough Matthew!" Zane hissed.

Though Matthew grew silent, it was more than apparent that he had more to say, more things to prattle off. Julian circled his finger beside his temple, making the crazy gesture as he mouthed the word cuckoo. Devon nodded his agreement. They both received dark looks from Zane, but Matthew seemed oblivious to them as he refolded his hands piously before him.

"We'll see you at nightfall then," Elspet said softly.

Devon's eyes were drawn to the slender girl, who stood behind the other Elder's. She was the youngest amongst them at barely over five hundred years old. Devon had met her a few times many years ago, after she had first been changed. It wasn't until recently, when she had reached the prime age of five hundred, that she had been drawn into the ranks of The Elder's. When Devon had known her, she had been a pretty girl with delicate features and fine light brown hair that flowed down to her shoulder blades. She had worn simple dresses and stayed mostly in the background. She had not displayed overt acts of cruelty, but had simply fed when the time and need struck her. At the time he had never thought that she would make it this long, that her lack of cruelty would eventually get her killed. He had never imagined that she would be an Elder, let alone fit in with the elite group that she was now a part of.

The girl before him now was nothing like the girl he had known. She had shaved her head, and on one side she had a beautiful angel tattooed on her skull, on the other side was a vicious snarling devil with blood dripping from its mouth, and its claws curved over. Her lip, eyebrow, and nose had been pierced. She sported metal all the way up both sides of her ears. She was dressed in body hugging black that clung to her lithe figure. Though he could not see the tattoos on her arms, he could see the tail ends of them curling around her hands and wrists. Her hazel eyes were narrowed sharply as she met Devon's questioning, slightly stunned gaze. Apparently becoming an Elder had greatly changed the quiet girl he had known.

Devon held her gaze as he nodded briskly. He just wanted them out of this store, and as far from Cassie as possible, for now. They said nothing more as they filed slowly out of the store. He was slightly amazed they were actually leaving. He was even more amazed, and stunned, by the fact that they were hiding Matthew amongst them when he had obviously lost his mind. Though Devon had never met an off the rocker vampire, he couldn't imagine that they would be much fun to deal with, or keep under control.

"Does Matthew think he's a freaking preacher or something now?" Julian demanded when they had disappeared into the night.

Devon shook his head, running his fingers wearily through his hair. "He thinks he's something now," Devon murmured.

"They only keep him alive for his visions," Julian said softly. At Devon's questioning look he elaborated. "I saw it through Adon, Matthew has been crazy for awhile now, but Zane needs him."

"What made him that way?" Melissa was trembling, pale, her hands folded tightly before her as she rang them nervously. Her fear that it may have been his visions that had driven him mad was more than obvious.

Julian shrugged as he shoved his hands in his pockets. "Some people are just not cut out for this lifestyle, no matter what. Matthew was always softer than the rest of us. You mix that with Zane's constant torture and mental abuse, and apparently it made him snap. Matthew was Zane's puppet, his play thing, and he has broken him. But he still likes to pull his strings once in awhile."

They all gaped at him, horrified by his description of what Zane had done to Matthew. "It is not the worst thing Zane has ever done," Julian murmured, unable to meet their gazes any longer.

Devon bristled, wishing that Julian would stop talking. They got the hint; they didn't need to hear anymore. "Can we really trust them?" Luther inquired softly.

Julian nodded as he folded his arms over his chest. "Yes. They will abide by this truce because it suits their needs. I cannot guarantee they will stick to it if Cassie doesn't survive the change, and we lose Devon. They will have no need for you then. Though, I cannot guarantee that any of us will survive if such a thing happens."

Devon ignored their curious stares, determined not to think about that right now. He held his hand out to Cassie, breathing a sigh of relief when she clasped hold of it. She would never hold a grudge against him; never hate him for his past. It was impossible for her to. And for that he would be forever thankful.

Her hand in his was warm, soft, reassuring as she squeezed him tight. He bent to kiss her softly, his lips brushing lightly across her forehead.

CHAPTER 17

Cassie sat silently as she watched Devon make the bed, he moved with startling speed and agility. His grace was unparalleled, his good looks unmatched. Robert had been wrong when he had said he was the better looking brother, he had been very wrong. Devon fluffed up the sleeping bags, before unrolling them on the floor. Cassie realized that he was stalling as he set everything up, biding for time before facing her.

She sighed softly, her impatience getting the better of her. There were a million questions that she wanted to ask, the foremost of which was about his brother, but right now all she really wanted was Devon. She knew there were things he wanted to keep her sheltered from, things he never wanted her to know, and she understood that. But unfortunately, some of those things had walked into their lives again today, and thrown them even more upside down. However, for now, the time for questions could wait.

He finished fluffing the blankets/pillows. She could tell he was looking for something else to do, some other way to stall, but unless he planned on fluffing the down right out of the blankets there was nothing left for him to do. His shoulders were stiff as he turned toward her, his body braced for the onslaught he suspected was coming. His beautiful emerald eyes were wary as they hesitatingly met hers.

Cassie sighed softly. "Are you ok now?" she inquired. His dark eyebrows drew tightly together. "Can you stay around me?"

Guilt and anguish surrounded him as his gaze darted away. "Cassie..."

"It's ok Devon, I understand more than you think I do, but I need to know."

"And why is that?"

Cassie braced herself for rejection as she readied to hand herself over to him completely. "Because I want to spend the night with you, and I mean really spend the night with you."

She fought back the red wash of embarrassment that crept up her cheeks, heating her skin. She didn't want to seem childish and insecure right now, she wanted to sound confident and determined, but she couldn't stop the flush in her face. Unfortunately her body did not want to react the way that her mind wanted it to.

His gaze snapped back to her, wide with surprise and wonder. She could feel the desire, the need that washed over him, but she could also feel his hesitance, his reluctance. "Cassie there is nothing more that I would want, but not here, not now..."

"Then when?" she interrupted softly.

"When this is over..."

"We may not survive this."

He recoiled from her words, his eyes narrowed fiercely. "I will not allow anything to happen to you."

Cassie sighed softly as she squeezed her hands tight in her lap. "I know that you will try Devon, but there are some things you can't control. There are some things that you cannot stop. No one knows what will happen to me when this change occurs; no one truly knows what the outcome of this battle will be. All we know is that we have this moment right now. We have this, and I want to know, no I need to know what it is like to be with you. I need this night."

Devon shook his head, but she could feel his wavering, his desire to crumble to her wishes. He glanced around the dusty, cobweb filled attic. Shaking his head he turned back to her. "You deserve better than this, you deserve so much more than this." His arm swept around the room.

"It's better than the backseat of a car," she replied, trying to sound light but knowing that she failed miserably when his eyes narrowed upon her. Cassie sighed softly as she rose to her feet, her hands hurt from clenching them so tightly together. "It doesn't matter where Devon, as long as it is with you."

His eyes flared hotly, burning into her with an intensity that left her shaken. "This may be our only night," she continued, pushing at his weakening defenses. "I don't want to pass it up because you feel that this is not good enough."

"I may hurt you."

"You won't."

For a moment red fire filled his eyes. Though it startled her, she did not move, did not react. If she did she knew he would shut her down completely. "How can you possibly know that?" he demanded. "After yesterday, after what I wanted to do to you, what I still want to do to you, how could you possibly know that I won't hurt you?"

Cassie swallowed heavily. "Because you love me," she whispered. "You left so that you wouldn't hurt me; you cared nothing for your own safety when you left, only mine."

"I left you unprotected," he snarled.

"You left me in a building full of fighters, strong ones too. I hardly feel that is unprotected. You were the one who was out there alone, exposed and vulnerable. You are too hard on yourself Devon. You are a good man."

"You have no idea what kind of a man I am, or was. No idea what goes through my mind when it comes to you."

Though she knew he was trying to push her away, she did not back down. "I know you Devon. I may not know everything about your past, but I don't need to know it all. There are things I may never know about you, and I accept that because I love you! I know who you are. I know what you want and need from me far more than you think I do, because I want the same things from you."

He stared at her for a long moment, his eyes hooded like a snakes. Beneath his lowered lids they shone as bright as rubies in the dim light of the room. And then he was on top of her, moving so fast that she only caught a whisper of movement before he seized her. His hand wrapped around her neck as he pulled her head to the side. Cassie gasped in surprise, her heart leapt wildly as his finger trailed lightly over her frantic pulse.

She could sense the wildness in him, the instability, but she didn't move. She knew if she did that he would withdraw from her. He would leave her within this room, alone and lost if she reacted in any way. She didn't care what he did to her, or what he needed from her now, because she would give him anything he wanted. No matter what it was. She had wanted to wait to make the change, knew that to do so would be for the best, but if he lost control and it happened now then she would not regret it, and she would not fight it.

"Right here," his voice was soft, hoarse and grating as his finger stilled upon her vein. She could feel his struggle for restraint battling against his ever present, driving hunger. She remained frozen, her eyes half closed as she fought against the fear and excitement tearing through her. She knew that he was unstable right now, but she also knew that he would not hurt her, no matter what he feared. His touch was thrilling, enchanting. Her heart danced, her body quaked with the urge to touch him, but if she moved now he would withdraw from her. "Right here is the pulse of your life, and I want it."

Cassie's eyes closed, she had to fight back the tremble that worked its way through her. It was not a tremble of fear, not anymore. Her heart did not leap in terror, but in anticipation of what was to come. His hand wrapped around the back of her neck, brushing her hair aside as he pulled her closer. He bent over her, his lips pressed to her throat, his fangs skimmed over her neck, pressing briefly against her throbbing artery. She couldn't stop the soft gasp of pleasure that escaped her. She waited breathlessly for him to bite down, for him to take what he needed from her.

And then, to her surprise, he kissed her softly. His lips pressed gently against her vein, his fangs receded as he touched lightly upon her. Cassie's head spun, her legs quivered as his arms wrapped around her, pulling her tight against him. "You foolish foolish girl," he breathed in her ear.

Her trembling increased, tears burned her eyes as she melted against him, her arms wrapping around his waist. Maybe she was foolish, but she didn't believe so. No matter what he thought she had absolute faith in him, absolute belief that he would never hurt her. That the man in him would always win out over the demon when it came to her.

His mouth moved slowly over her neck, placing gentle kisses along her skin that left her completely weak. Her legs gave out when his tongue swirled over her ear. He held her up as her heart leapt as wildly as a bird trapped in a cage. "Cassandra," he whispered. "Are you sure?"

"I've never been so sure of anything in my life," she managed to get out through the constriction in her throat and chest.

He lifted her effortlessly, his hands skimming under the baggy flannel she wore. His touch upon her bare flesh was almost her undoing. She clung to him, shaking, unable to move as he carried her to the makeshift bed he had created. Laying her gently down, he followed her, his mouth seizing upon hers. Though Cassie had expected his kiss to be desperate, frantic, it was surprisingly gentle and achingly loving.

Her whole body reacted to it. Her fingers entwined in his hair, holding him close as he slowly pulled her shirt from her. Cassie's mind swam with pleasure; she forgot everything and everyone else as her entire world became focused upon him, and the joy that he brought to her. The beautiful new sensations he arose in her, sensations that might have been frightening if they had been with anyone other than him. However, with him, there was no fear. There was only joy and a sense of wonder that she had never thought to experience.

All of her fears and doubts from the past, all of the things that had held her back from this moment completely faded away. She never thought of the women of his past, never wondered if he would compare her to them and find her lacking in the end. For she knew now, that he would never find her lacking, never want or desire anything more than her.

When they finally joined together, she knew true bliss. She knew what it was to belong and fit. She knew nothing of pain and misery and fear as she clung to him, riding out the storm of their love. She didn't know she was crying from the complete bliss that he brought her until he kissed away her tears, whispering words of love as he touched her reverently over and over again.

And later, when she offered him her vein, and he fed from her, she knew that she had been right. He never thought about other women with her, and he could never find her lacking. For him, when he had met her, it was as if every other woman had ceased to exist. It was not that he did not think about them, it was that they had simply faded from his mind. They were a part of his past that he didn't think about, and didn't want to. He didn't compare her to them because he could not recall them. For though she had lacked experience she had brought him more joy and pleasure than he had ever known, or ever thought to experience in his very long life.

Cassie drifted asleep, blissfully content within the strong embrace of his arms.

***

Devon padded silently down the stairs, trying to be as silent as possible so as not to waken anyone, especially not Cassie. After what they had just exchanged, he didn't want her to awaken alone. Though he knew that she no longer felt vulnerable, he didn't want her to wake up and find him gone, but there was something that he needed to take care of right now.

He moved swiftly through the empty front of the store. Everyone had retired to the back for what little remained of the night. Joey and Patrick had been placed in the back room, untied from their chairs, but retied to some of the wooden beams. The store was silent as the first rays of sunlight broke over the horizon.

He reached the open cellar door and moved swiftly down the stairs. Julian was standing by one of the windows. The sun was not bright enough for him to move away from the glass yet, but it would be soon. Devon knew that he had retreated here hours ago; before Cassie had offered Devon the greatest gift he had ever received. He was still thrilled and awed by the gift she had given him, by her openness and willingness to trust him, especially when he didn't even trust himself. She had far more faith in him then he deserved, far more love and understanding than he had ever thought to receive, and he was humbled by it. There was nothing he would not do for her; there was nothing that he would not give her.

He hated to part from her for even this short bit of time, but he needed to speak with Julian, and now would be the only time that he would get Julian alone. Julian turned toward him, the faint light filtering through the windows lighting his ice eyes, warming them to an almost soft ocean hue. Julian's face was blank but there was a flicker in his eyes as he scanned Devon quickly.

"Is she ok?" he demanded, his voice oddly hoarse.

Devon nodded, his hand tightening on the thin railing of the stairs. Though Devon had known that Julian would have knowledge of what had passed between them, he still did not like the fact. What had passed between them had been so wonderful and precious that he didn't want to share it with anyone, but there was no keeping it from Julian. Not only would Julian smell it upon him and Cassie, but a simple touch would reveal all to him.

That was why Julian had retreated immediately down here when Devon had taken Cassie upstairs. "You knew what she intended."

Julian nodded, his eyes flickered briefly again. "I saw it when I touched her, yes."

"Why didn't you warn me? Why didn't you stop her?"

Julian tilted his head, his eyebrows drew questioningly together. "Why would I do that?"

Devon started in surprise, his hand tightened upon the rail. "Because you knew that there was a chance I could hurt her, knew there was a chance I could lose control."

"Was there?"

"Julian," Devon growled, not in the mood to deal with his friend's cavalier attitude.

Julian sighed as he moved away from the window, the rays becoming too much for him to stand. "Yes, I admit that I worried for her safety, but she didn't. The amount of faith and trust she puts into you is staggering, and I was not going to stand in the way of that."

"You know what we have done to other human women," Devon whispered, hating the words that came out. He did not want to think of those dark times, and atrocious acts while the glow of what had just happened still surrounded him, but he needed to hear what Julian had to say.

"I may not wish to remember, not anymore, but yes I know. However, this was something that she needed to do Devon. Something that she wanted so badly that I couldn't bring myself to deny her it; could not stand in her way. And I believe that she is right. You both needed this night, she deserved this night. Her love for you, your love for each other..."

Julian broke off shaking his head as his gaze darted away. Devon could sense the emotion welling up within him, the hurt, and yet the joy and awe that suffused him. "It is staggering Devon. Believe me, if I thought there was any chance that you would hurt her, I would have warned you. I would have stopped it. But I knew that you wouldn't. The demon inside us is strong, but no matter how close you get to snapping, it is always her that you put first. Her that you protect. I knew what she intended, and I also knew that if you could not handle it you would walk away. You may not have faith in yourself, but she does, and I do too."

Devon remained silent, stunned by Julian's confession, stunned by Julian's absolute belief in him, which Devon now realized was just as much as Cassie's. "Julian..." his voice trailed off as Julian turned toward the growing daylight. His shoulders were slumped slightly, a weary air surrounded him. "You really do love her, don't you?"

Julian turned back to him. "Yes, I do."

"Then how, why...?"

Julian shrugged as he ran a hand through his disordered hair. "You know when you first met Annabelle I understood your obsession for her, understood that you loved her because I had been there once before too. I got it, I really did. I even sort of understood the fact that you stopped feeding from humans because of her. I never understood how you could just hand her over to Liam like you did. I thought you were crazy, weak, a complete and utter fool.

"But I understand it now. You loved Annabelle enough to let her go. You loved her enough to realize that you didn't love her enough. That you did not love her the same way that she loved Liam and that he loved her. I love Cassie enough to realize the same. I love her enough to know that what I feel for her is a pale comparison to what you feel for each other. I would die for her, but I would not die without her. I do want her happiness more than I want my own though. And you are her happiness."

Devon was silent, staggered by Julian's admission, rattled by the keen insight his friend had developed. "I see."

"I guess I'm the crazy, weak, fool now."

"No, you're simply more of a man than a monster once again."

Julian tilted his head, his eyes sparked with amusement. "Is that what this feeling is? Humanity?"

Devon laughed softly; he slid down to sit on the stairs. "It's a bitch," he muttered.

"That it is," Julian agreed. He moved over to sit upon one of the crates stacked within the basement. "We can't trust them you know. I may not have seen any plan for betrayal in them, but we cannot trust them."

"I know."

"Especially not Robert."

Devon's hands clenched tight, anger spurted through him. Julian's gaze was hard, his hatred toward Robert apparent in the tight set of his shoulders. "No matter what the others believe, or want, he will try to kill her."

"Yes," Julian agreed.

"I'll kill him first."

Julian was silent for a moment, his head tilted to the side, his eyes distant and thoughtful. "No Devon, if he goes for her, I will take him out. I owe him for the last time that we met, but this time I will be prepared for the battle, and not taken by surprise."

"Julian..."

"You cannot kill your own brother Devon, you were never able to. Even back then you were unable to destroy him, though you knew that he would kill you in a heartbeat."

"If he goes for her..."

"I will take care of him. I owe it to him."

Devon thought over Julian's words before nodding slowly. Julian was right, Robert did hate Devon, and Robert would kill him if given the opportunity, but Devon had never been able to kill his brother. Until now. But Julian, well Julian would take great pleasure in destroying Robert, in paying him back for the ambush he had executed on Julian all those years ago.

"Brother," Devon said on a snort of disgust. Even when growing up they had never been anything even close to brotherly, but once Robert had been changed he had grown to hate Devon even more. Devon had never understood his brother's hatred of him. Robert had always been the favored son, the one that had stood in the spotlight while Devon slunk through the shadows, hoping to go unnoticed at home. "He must be kept away from her."

"Yes." Folding his long legs before him, Julian leaned slightly forward. "Are you going to do what they want?"

Devon's head slumped, his hands folded tightly before him. "I don't want to condemn her to this life," he whispered.

"It's what she wants."

"I know that, but the consequences..."

"Are something that can be dealt with after. You know that this has to be done Devon, if you fight it they may very well kill us all."

"What if things go wrong?"

Julian sighed softly as he folded his arms across his chest. "We all know that is a possibility, but this is something that has to happen Devon. Whether they make it happen, or you do it willingly."

"I know."

They sat silently together listening to the odd silence of the deadened town, interrupted only by the small snores or shifting from the sleeping people upstairs. Devon rose slowly; he wanted to get back to Cassie before she woke. He wanted to get back to her in order to hold her and find the solace that only she could bring to his wounded soul. Julian watched him; his eyes oddly alight in the warm glow of the sun.

"You will find your Cassie one day," Devon said softly.

Julian's mouth quirked, his eyes sparked with amusement. He shrugged as he rose to his feet again. "Maybe, but I'm not going to start looking for her anytime soon."

Devon nodded. "I didn't either, but one day she'll be there." Julian looked as if he was going to argue, but he remained silent. "You really have changed."

"So have you. I actually like you again."

Devon grinned at him, chuckling softly. "Same here, but if you kiss her again I'll rip your throat out."

Julian laughed loudly as he shifted on the crates. His grin was wild and cocky as he tilted his head. "It was a moment of celebration only."

Devon wasn't as amused as Julian about it, but he didn't blame Julian, Cassie was irresistible and Julian was in love with her. He also knew that, to Julian, the kiss had been a way of expressing his love and saying goodbye to her. To Cassie, it had simply been something sweet and celebratory. It had also been a way of sorting her feelings out, of knowing where she belonged. And that was with him.

"She told you about it?"

Devon shook his head, leaning slightly against the thin rail. "I saw it."

Julian's eyebrows furrowed, he bit lightly on his bottom lip. "During the blood exchange?"

"Yes."

Julian glanced away, his eyes troubled and distant. "I've never opened myself up to another person."

"Neither had I."

Julian's electric eyes were back on him, a small smile curved his hard mouth. "No, you hadn't."

"I need to get back up there." Julian nodded, but didn't look back at him. Devon padded silently up the stairs, leaving his friend within the growing light of the morning. Leaving his friend to his pain, while he returned to his greatest joy. Guilt tugged briefly at him, but he forgot about it as his eyes landed upon Cassandra, curled tightly within the blankets, her golden hair spread around her, her tiny hands folded beneath her cheek. She was so wonderfully beautiful, so wonderfully sweet and loving and caring.

She was so wonderfully his, and always would be.

CHAPTER 18

Cassie woke slowly; blinking against the soft light that filtered around the old blanket that Devon had hung over the window. The attic was mostly in shadow, but there was a small amount of light playing over the boxes that had been stored there. Devon's arm was wrapped tightly around her, his bare chest pressed to her back. A thrill of excitement and wonder shot through her as the sweet, joyous memories of the night suffused her. She hadn't known that anything could be so amazing, and she greatly wished that they could just stay here, in this room, for the rest of their lives.

But, unfortunately, their lives would allow no such thing to happen.

His hand moved upon her, gently caressing her arm. "Are you ok?" he asked softly.

Suddenly she felt shy, they had shared something so intimate and special last night, but now she wasn't quite sure how she was supposed to act, or react. Her voice caught in her throat, she could not get her words out. He touched her arm, rolling her gently over as he brushed the hair back from her face. His emerald eyes were bright with worry as they searched her face.

"Did I hurt you?" he demanded.

Cassie shook her head, forgetting her shyness in the face of his obvious distress. "No, no of course not."

"I tried not to cause you too much pain, but I know I lost some control. I'm sorry Cassie..."

He broke off when she rested her hand against his cheek. "I'm fine Devon, really," she assured him. "It only hurt for a moment, and then it was over."

His eyebrows drew tightly together as he frowned at her; his eyes scanned her rapidly once more. "Are you sure?"

She nodded, offering him a small smile as she kissed him softly. "Positive." His fingers stroked over her face, gently caressing her cheeks as he kissed her nose. "It was wonderful Devon," she whispered, barely able to hear her own words over the increased beat of her heart.

He smiled softly as he kissed her again. "It was more than wonderful."

"Yes," she breathed, losing herself to him as his delicious kisses deepened, drawing her away from the room, and all of the many problems that existed outside of it. In here, with him, there were no problems; there were no worries or fears. There was only love and utter contentment and bliss as she lost herself to his body and the wonderful way that only he could make her feel.

It was awhile later before she roused again. The light in the room was fuller, and it appeared to be mid morning. Below her, she could hear people moving about; soft whispers of conversations were exchanged. Her hand and head rested upon Devon's chest, his arm was wrapped securely around her. Though he did not make a sound, she knew that he was awake without having to look at him. She was completely in sync with everything that he was.

"We should go down," she whispered.

Devon's hand stroked over her back, running up to her shoulders before entangling gently in her hair. She lifted her head to look at him, propping her chin on her hands as she studied him. He was magnificent, amazing, and completely hers. She did not feel shy now, she felt loved, and so unbelievably secure in this small room.

"Not yet." She frowned at him as he brushed back her hair; his fingers lingered upon the two sets of marks on her neck. Marks that he had left upon her. A thrill shot down her spine; she could not stop her toes from curling against his hard legs. His eyes sparked with amusement and desire, a smile curved the edges of his hard, full mouth. He touched her lips gently with his fingers, running them briefly along before reluctantly withdrawing from her.

She watched in confusion, her eyebrows drawing tightly together as he bit into his wrist. "You need blood, and strength."

"I'm fine," she assured him. Though she desperately wanted to share that experience with him again, she didn't want him to think that he had hurt her.

"I took a lot from you Cassie, and there are shadows under your eyes. You need my blood."

Cassie was silent for a moment, her eyes latched onto the glistening drops of blood upon his wrist. For a strange moment, hunger tore through her. The sight of that blood did not repulse her as it should. Instead, it excited and enticed her in a way that it never had before. Instead, she suddenly wanted it for more than just a stronger bond with Devon, but because she required it, craved it like a man in the desert craved water.

Confusion and surprise whirled through Devon's eyes, but before he could question her, she grasped his arm and bent her mouth to him. She knew that once the bond was sealed, all doubts and questions would fade away as their minds mingled together. His hand wrapped around the back of her head as he held her tight, his fingers weaving into her hair.

Cassie closed her eyes, a soft moan of ecstasy escaping before she could stop it. His blood was delicious, wonderful, filling in a way that it never had before. She could feel his confusion and fear over her reaction to it, but he did not pull away. Instead he held her tighter, whispering reassuring words to her as her own panic and fear began to build. This wasn't normal, it just wasn't, but at the moment she couldn't bring herself to care.

She fell into him, allowing his thoughts and love to entwine her in a warm cocoon of security and adoration. His mind opened to hers, she had experienced a similar sensation the last time they had exchanged blood, but this was far different as she was sucked into him. For a moment panic filled her, she tried to revolt, tried to pull away before she was ensnared completely in the whirlwind of his mind.

"It's ok," Devon whispered. "It's ok, don't fight it. You need to see."

Cassie didn't know what it was that she needed to see, but as he held her tighter, pulled her closer, she knew that this was something that he wanted from her. Pushing her fear and panic aside, Cassie allowed herself to float, to drift and mingle with his mind more intensely than she ever had before. And then suddenly she was there, where he wanted her to be, in his life, feeling what he wanted her to feel, living what he wanted her to live.

She was there, with him, as a young child with black hair, and wide green eyes. He was skinny and gangly and awkward, but amazingly adorable with his dimples and two missing teeth. He was so full of hope and mischief and exuberance. Until his father's drinking started to get out of control, and his father's anger was turned on him. Until his mother was beaten while trying to protect her youngest son, and his brother turned his back on Devon's frightened cries. Until all of his hope and mischief were destroyed beneath his father's heavy fist and only anger, resentment, and hatred were left to fester within him.

When Devon escaped the cruelty, and coldness of his home, he never wanted to look back, never wanted to step foot on the property again. He was eager to be free, eager to explore the world, and live the life of drudgery that he swiftly adopted instead of going to the university.

And when Elizabeth found him, and changed him, he had never been happier, never wanted anything more. The misery and anger inside him helped to feed the thirst and cruelty of the demon he became. He now had an outlet for all of the rage and hurt that had festered inside of him, now had a way to bury his misery in the joy and thrill of the hunt, and then the kill.

Though he had vowed never to return home, and though he thoroughly enjoyed his new life and all of the power and excitement that it gave him, he found himself inexplicably drawn back to his family's massive country manor a few years later. His father's mind was rotten

from his many years of heavy drinking. His brother however was young, healthy, and thoroughly enjoying his new life, and the power that came with being Lord of the Manor.

Devon watched him from the shadows of the early night as Robert moved about ordering this servant here, and that one there. Though Devon knew how alike they looked, he was keenly reminded of the fact that their personalities had always been complete opposites. Before he had become the monster he was now, Devon had never enjoyed ordering people about, he had asked for things when he needed help, or he had done it himself. In the eyes of his father, and his brother, he had never been anything more than a servant amongst these walls anyway. Never been anything more than the unneeded and unwanted offspring and they had reminded him of that fact on a daily basis.

He didn't know what had drawn him back here after all these years, didn't know why he had returned to this hated place, but he found himself oddly fascinated by it. Captivated by the life that he had rejected, and that had rejected him. He had been unable to get inside to see his father as he was not invited, but he had found himself peering in the windows at the man that had once terrified and brutalized him. He was now weak and feeble. Found himself staring at the man that had beaten him to within an inch of life more than a few times, but whom Devon could now kill with a flick of his wrist. And yet he felt no desire to do so. His father had ruined his childhood but now, in his old age, he was paying for his excessive alcoholism and brutality. Devon had never put much stock in God, but he felt the cosmic hand of fate at work here, and he was satisfied with it.

Devon withdrew from the window, moving swiftly through the night to the front of the manor. The windows were lit with candles; inside he could hear the soft music of a violin. His brother was having a small gathering, coaches and horses were gathered up front. Liveried footmen stood silently by them.

Though he was hungry, he would not hunt or feed here. This was the last time he would ever come here, and he would leave it the way he had found it. He would not sink to his father or Robert's level with spiteful acts of vengeance, they were not worth it. He slipped through the gardens, so lost in his own thoughts that he didn't notice the couple stealing time amongst the shadows until he was on top of them.

The women gasped in surprise, jerking away from the embrace of her lover. Her eyes widened upon him, her mouth dropping as she gaped at him. "Devon!"

Devon nodded to her. "Jane."

He turned slowly, his eyes scanning over his brother. Robert had always been bigger than him, thicker through the shoulders, and broader in the chest. But either because of what Devon had become, or just the normal process of adulthood and genetics, Devon was now slightly taller than Robert, and broader in the back and shoulders. Robert looked anything but happy to see Devon as he studied him with open disdain, and his arms folded firmly over his chest.

"Devon, is that really you?" Jane whispered. Her hand was over her mouth now, her eyes wide as she scanned him rapidly. Her surprise turned swiftly to keen interest and desire. Jane, the neighbor's daughter and Devon had once had a fling, but apparently she had moved onto his brother when Devon had left.

"We had thought you dead," Robert said softly.

Devon's mouth curved into a harsh smile. "Not even death could keep me down," he told him, trying hard not to laugh at the confused look on Robert and Jane's faces.

Robert shook his head, his eyes narrowing. "What are you doing here?"

Devon shrugged, holding his hands out before him. "I just wished to see my loving family once more."

Jane glanced at Robert, her eyes widened with fear as her survival instincts finally surged up to bury her shock over seeing Devon again. Her head turned swiftly back and forth between them as she sensed the hostility and growing animosity there. "Will you be staying?" Robert inquired, ever the gentleman.

"No."

"Will you see father?"

"No."

Robert frowned in confusion. He expected Devon to be here for something, money, vengeance, shelter, anything. But the fact that Devon was here for nothing was one that Robert could not grasp, Robert was all about greed and self satisfaction. "Where have you been?" Jane asked softly.

Devon shrugged as he slid his hands into his pockets, his mouth curved in a cruel smile. "To hell and back, but I greatly enjoyed the trip."

Jane's eyes widened even more; she took a step back from him. Robert's eyes were narrowed, questioning. He didn't understand this man before him, didn't know where this new Devon had come from, or what had helped to create him, but there was a power surrounding him that Robert greatly wanted, admired, and envied.

"I must be going now," Devon told them, offering his brother a sly smile as he tilted his head to the side.

"Will we see you again?" Jane asked eagerly.

Devon shook his head. "No. I will not be returning here. I wish you both a good life."

"Wait! Devon wait!" He turned slightly back at Jane's hurried cry. "Where will you be going?"

Devon couldn't stop the large grin that flashed over his face. "That's the beauty of it. I'll go wherever the world, and time, can take me."

They both looked completely confused, but he expected them to be. Unlike him, they didn't have eternity to travel the world, to experience the wonder of life, and especially the wonder of death. Devon slipped swiftly away, unaware of the fact that Elizabeth had followed him to the manor, that she had spied upon him, and been witness to the dislike amongst the brothers.

He didn't know that she would approach Robert that night, and as vengeance for Devon leaving her, she would also change Robert and set him lose upon the world. Set him lose upon Devon.

Cassie clung tighter to him as his fingers twined through her hair. His memories poured rapidly into her, it was as if he was trying to purge himself of everything as rapidly as he could. Trying to purge himself of all the horror, fear, and hatred that had plagued his young life, and his later years.

After his change, Robert had slaughtered all of the servants at the manor, and their father. He had then burnt the home to the ground, effectively severing all of his ties with a life that had been kind to him, but that he had despised all the same. Devon had not known of Robert's change, or the slaughter, until fifty years later when they had run across each other again in Venice.

Though Devon had been beyond stunned to see his brother alive, and untouched by age, Robert had been prepared for the meeting, looking forward to it. He had in fact been searching for Devon for a very long time. Robert had been the obviously favored child of their father, the only one that mattered, and he had also inherited his father's vicious streak and ingrained hatred for Devon. Even at his cruelest, Devon did not have the depth of hatred, rage, and psychosis inside of him that Robert possessed, and always would. Robert may not have been beaten throughout his childhood, but he had longed to be the one doing the beating.

When he had come across Devon though, Robert had expected to come across the weaker brother that Devon had once been. He had expected to find the beaten and broken adolescent that had fled their family estate the first chance he'd gotten. Robert had expected to come across a man that he could torture and manipulate and brutalize to his endless pleasure, before finally destroying him.

He had been sadly mistaken. Though Devon only had eight years on Robert as a vampire, he was inherently stronger, faster, and far more cruel and vicious than Robert had ever fathomed. Robert had tracked Devon down in order to abuse him; he had not expected to be the one getting beaten. He had not expected to find his weak younger brother far stronger than he was.

And his hated for Devon grew even more after the encounter. He hated Devon for possessing a strength and confidence that Robert would never know.

And when Julian entered the picture, Robert became even more infuriated and volatile. There had been no stopping Julian and Devon together, there was no way that Robert could get to Devon. No way to destroy his younger brother like he had always wanted to do.

Until now.

And now, Robert knew that the one way to destroy his brother was to destroy Cassie, and he would do everything in his power to make sure that was done.

Cassie pulled away from Devon, gasping in a breath of air as the pulsation of memories pounding against her ceased. Gasping in air as she tried to breathe around the tight constriction in her chest. Tears burned her eyes, her heart ached for Devon. Ached for the innocent boy he had once been, for the man that boy had been turned into, for the monster the man had become, and for the man who lay beneath her now, terrified that he was going to lose her.

"Devon."

He brushed the tears from her cheeks, wiped his blood from her mouth. "I won't let him hurt you."

"I know," she whispered. "But why does he hate you so much? He's your brother, he should have protected you. He should have helped to defend you. You were a helpless child."

Devon was silent for a long moment, his eyes dark and distant. "Robert was always twisted, like my father. I didn't see it as a child because I couldn't see anything past my father, but Robert was always cruel too. It was a long time later that I thought back on those days with a different eye and suddenly realized the things I had missed. The servants were afraid of Robert. At the time I thought it was because he was going to be the future master, but now I know that it was more than that. He terrorized them. He hit them when they messed up, beat them if he saw fit, took the women whenever he wanted, as my father did. But I never saw the joy, the absolute ecstasy that he took in it, not until after.

"My mother was also afraid of him. She tried to protect me, to shelter me from them, but I recall times when she would tremble in their presence. Tremble in the presence of her own child. She wanted nothing more than to get me out of that house and as far from them as possible. Unfortunately, once I was free I ran wild with it. I should have taken more time for her, should have opened my eyes sooner to what was going on in that house, but I could see nothing past my own pain and terror. It was a long time before I finally did, and by then it was too late for my mother. She withered swiftly away once I was gone; I think her fear just ate at her until she finally died."

Cassie choked back a sob as she shook her head. "That's not your fault. You couldn't have stopped it, you couldn't have stayed there. If you had..."

"They would have killed me," he said when she could not finish. Cassie recoiled from his words, hating the truth in them, hating that he'd had to suffer so badly. No child should have to go through what he had. No wonder he had wanted to keep the truth about his brother hidden from her, no wonder he had tried to keep her as shut out of his past as possible.

"I'm glad that you did, but you didn't have to show me," she managed to choke out.

He played idly with a strand of her hair, twirling it around his finger. "Yes, I did. You need to know Cassie, that no matter what they say, we cannot trust them. Especially Robert."

She was silent for a moment, her fingers lightly stroking his solid, bare chest. "I know."

"If they had truly come in peace, and for the reasons they say, they would not have brought Robert with them."

The thought of Devon's brother was enough to make her blood boil. She wanted to kill him herself, and if she got the chance she knew that she would. Just as Robert would do the same to her. "The change, what is it like?"

Devon's hand stilled on her hair. "Cassie..."

"It has to be done Devon, whether they force it or we chose it, it must be done. I think I should be prepared for it."

He was silent for a moment before nodding. "The pain is very intense, but hopefully I will be able to take some of yours onto myself by keeping hold of a piece of your mind." Cassie shook her head in protest, not wanting him to do any such thing. "Yes Cassie that is going to happen no matter what you say. It doesn't last long; the longest I've seen is an hour. Mine was only twenty minutes."

Cassie nodded; she could handle the pain, no matter what she would not allow Devon to take it on for her. "Ok, that's not bad."

She managed a wan smile for him. Though she was looking forward to joining him completely, to being with him forever, she did not relish the thought of dying. He was thoughtful as he watched her. "I will make it as painless as possible for you."

"I'll be fine," she replied.

He simply nodded, though she knew that he was not giving into her wishes. He kissed her softly, drawing her closer against him once more.

CHAPTER 19

Cassie sat silently, trying to peak out from behind Devon, but he stood firmly in front of her and had no intention of moving even a little bit. She bit back a sigh of impatience. The testosterone level in the room was running high, tension was pulsating, and she was greatly afraid that one of the strong, super powerful men in this room was going to snap.

And she was afraid that it was going to be Devon, as Robert had already managed to nearly send him into a rage the minute that he had walked into the room. He had taken one look at Cassie and his eyes had lit with maliciousness. "Well don't you smell interesting. Looks like someone is a woman now, does that finally make you a man Devon?" he had inquired softly.

Cassie's face had flooded with color; her body had burned with the heat of embarrassment that had flooded it. She had been unable to meet any of the startled gazes directed her way. Julian had grabbed hold of Devon, holding him back when he had been about to pounce on his brother. Cassie was certain that Devon would have killed Robert if he had gotten his hands on him.

Devon had held back from destroying Robert all these years because Robert was his brother, and to Devon that still meant something, but Cassie realized that it didn't matter anymore. Not if it meant her safety, and her life. Nothing mattered more to him than that. Robert was now fair game, and it seemed Robert had finally realized that fact as he had remained silent ever since those first few comments.

"How do we draw them out?" Zane inquired softly.

"They'll come to us," Devon answered, thrusting his arm behind him when Cassie tried to move to get a better view. She frowned fiercely at his back, but he didn't bother to look at her in order to get the full force of her displeasure.

"They'll lay a trap if we allow them too."

"Outside will be better," Luther said. "In the open where we can see them coming, and where they will have less of a chance to divide us."

Zane was silent, his gaze moved slowly toward the boarded windows, then around the store. "Yes, perhaps you are right. There is no room for movement in here. We draw them out into the open and with all of us..."

"They will not be a part of this. There is no need for them to be," Devon interrupted.

Anger spurted through her as Chris, Melissa, Dani, and Luther spun on him. "You can't leave us behind again!" Cassie interjected sharply. Devon turned slowly toward her, his emerald eyes blazing with intensity and anger. His jaw was clenched tight, his nostrils flared slightly. "Not after last time, and you will need us."

"I'll make sure that you are kept somewhere safer..."

"Like hell!" Chris interrupted Devon sharply.

"There is no need to discuss this. They will be involved," Zane said forcefully.

"Zane!" Devon hissed.

Zane shook his head, causing his golden hair to fall across his forehead. "I want to see what they can do, what they are capable of." Zane's honey eyes landed upon her, a spark of amusement filled them. "I especially want to know what your little sweetheart is capable of."

Cassie glared at him as she folded her arms over her chest. Devon was trembling with anger, his hands fisted, and the corded muscles in his arms stood out sharply. "I do not want them involved in this!"

"It doesn't matter what you want. We had an agreement, and this is going to be part of it. No matter what happens these creatures must be destroyed, and I will take all the help that we can get on this. Also, I need to know what she is capable of, how strong she is. She killed Isla; we have to know if she is capable of killing us too."

Devon glanced sharply back at her, fear evident in his gaze. Cassie stared silently up at him, wide eyed and terrified. He had told her that they could not trust them, but she had still been holding out hope that everything would work out, until now. Julian bristled beside Devon, his ice eyes troubled and hooded as he glanced briefly back at her.

"That wasn't part of the arrangement," Julian replied coldly.

"It was an unspoken part," Zane replied lightly. "And it is a part that will be carried out. Now, where should this battle take place?"

Cassie's heart thumped loudly, she stared silently at Devon's back as Zane and the other Elder's hatched a plan. She was acutely aware of the fact that her side remained completely, and frightfully silent.

"It is settled then."

Cassie's head shot up, she peered around Devon's back as Zane folded his hands before him, a pleased look on his face. Devon remained stiff before her, his back ramrod straight. His gaze was hard upon Robert, who was smiling softly back at him. Julian took a step closer to her, his shoulder brushing briefly against hers. She glanced fearfully up at him. She had thought that he would hate her, or at least not want to be near her after what had happened last night between her and Devon. Instead, he stood loyally beside her, his faith in her absolute.

When he glanced down at her, she saw in his gaze an understanding that left her breathless. Without thinking, she seized hold of his hand, enfolding it tightly in hers. She knew what he might see, knew that images of last night may very well be flooding him and tormenting him further. But she also wanted him to see how much she did care for him, how much she loved and appreciated him, and everything that he had done for her.

His hand tightened around hers. He gave her a brief nod, a small smile played across his mouth. How he understood, and still cared for her, was something that she didn't understand, but she knew that he did, and that he would not abandon her, or Devon. She turned back to the others, still clinging to Julian.

The Elder's gazes were fixed upon their joined hands, they were smirks of satisfaction. "This is far more entertaining than even I had imagined," Robert purred. Anger and hatred boiled through Cassie. Devon glanced briefly back at them, but he showed no signs of a reaction as he spotted their entwined hands. "Maybe we should just allow them to kill each other over her."

"Now now Robert, what fun would that be? Come along now, we have some disdainful creatures to hunt," Anastasia said softly, her mouth curved into a cruel smile as she stared hatefully at Cassie.

The Elder's chuckled softly, exchanging a small smile before they slipped outside to stand by the door. Cassie found herself able to breathe much easier as their disgusting presences were finally gone. Devon turned swiftly toward them, grasping hold of her shoulders. "You are to stay near me. For once in your life, do not do anything foolish. For once in your life, please listen to me Cassie. Please, for me, do this."

She bit on her bottom lip, fighting back the tears that clogged her eyes and throat. "I will," she vowed, knowing she would do anything to ease his worries.

Julian squeezed her hand tightly, releasing her to Devon. She stepped into Devon's arms, burying herself against his chest, savoring in what may very well be their last moments together. She didn't see Matthew until he was upon them, a tall shadow of a broken man, a wraith that had moved silently away from the others.

Cassie started in surprise as Devon swung her away from the creature, a hiss of fury escaping him as his fangs sprang instantly forth. But Matthew didn't come at them; instead he seized hold of Julian's arms. "My son, you should not covet another man's mate. Though they have not sealed the bond, you know that it is wrong to do so."

Julian's eyes widened in surprise, he jerked away from Matthew, throwing up his arms to dislodge the man. Matthew stared silently at him, his hands folded before him; his light brown eyes distant. "I am sorry my son, but you must walk a different path then the one you have chosen."

"Don't touch me again you crazy freak," Julian snarled, his eyes flashing a ruby color.

Matthew bowed his head, as he nodded briefly. "Julian," Cassie whispered. She reached for Matthew, a man that had been beaten down and broken by the cruelty of his fellow vampires. Julian seized hold of her hand before she could grasp the wraith.

"Don't touch him!" Julian barked. "You do not want to take the chance of him learning anything about you Cassie."

Cassie recoiled as Matthew retreated toward the others. Zane's eyes were narrowed upon him, his gaze intent and questioning, but he said nothing as Matthew rejoined them. Julian watched them go, his eyes troubled and distant. He did not turn back to them though as he moved stiffly toward the door.

"Devon..."

"I know," he said softly.

They both watched Julian as he slipped out the door, the weary slump to his shoulders revealing the fact that something had just passed between him and Matthew. And whatever it was, Julian didn't like it.

She glanced over as Chris, Melissa, Dani, and Luther moved to join them. Annabelle and Liam hung back, hugging each other tightly as they whispered softly to one another. "They're going to turn on us," Luther said softly.

Devon nodded, his hands tightened on Cassie's back. "The first chance they get."

Cassie shuddered, her eyes closed as she clung tighter to Devon, knowing that these may be the last moments she had with him. Her heart was breaking, terror filled her, but she shoved it all fiercely aside. If she started to break now then they would never survive this, and the most important thing right now was to make sure that the creatures in this town were destroyed before they could wreak havoc upon the earth.

"All of you need to be prepared to defend yourselves as soon as this is over. You also need to be prepared to run, to flee when this phase of the battle is over," Devon told them.

Though Cassie didn't protest, she had no intention of leaving him behind.

***

Devon kept Cassie behind him and Julian. He knew she bristled at it, knew that she wanted free of the two of them, but he was not about to let such a thing happen. He was going to make damn sure that she survived this night. Beside him he could feel Julian bristling, wanting to reveal what he had glimpsed from Matthew, but unable to do so.

Julian glanced back at Cassie, his eyebrows drawing tightly together as he studied her carefully. She met his gaze, her beautiful eyes troubled as she watched him. "It was about me, wasn't it?" she breathed, her voice so soft that Devon barely caught her words.

Julian was silent for a moment before he turned away, his hands fisted at his sides in frustration. Cassie reached for Devon, clinging to his hands as she grasped hold of him. Small tremors of fear shook her delicate frame. His own terror matched hers; he needed to know what Julian had seen. He could not take the chance of losing her.

"Julian." Julian remained still, unmoving. "Julian!"

"Shh," he responded softly, his gaze flickering toward where the others were gathered not far away.

Frustration filled Devon, he wanted nothing more than to grab hold of Julian, drag him from here, and demand to know what he had learned. But he could not do so. It was obvious that Julian did not want The Elder's to know about what he had learned. A shadow moved amongst the woods, drawing Devon's attention sharply that way.

He was not fooled into thinking this would be an easy battle, even with The Elder's on their side. He was not fooled into thinking that the remaining creatures would all come at once, or that they would not have a plan of their own. Though Devon was fairly certain that Zane's only true plan was to attempt to lure the creatures out and slaughter them as best he could.

Devon turned suddenly. Dani issued a small cry of surprise as he pulled her roughly forward. Bending close to her, he pressed his lips to her ear. "There isn't a Grounder amongst them, they might not know what you are, don't use your power until they are the only ones left standing."

Dani's gold flecked eyes were wide as they darted fearfully toward the group of Elders. She nodded mutely. Devon released her abruptly, defiantly meeting Zane's curious, amused gaze. The head Elder was far too smug for Devon's liking. Another shadow drifted through the forest, moving rapidly amongst the trees as it hunted them.

He turned his attention to Cassie, who was watching the woods intently. "Remember your promise," he reminded her.

Her attention remained riveted upon the forest as she nodded. They stood upon the street in front of the mercantile, away from the area that Robert had destroyed in his attempt to kill Cassie. They were out in the open, exposed to the stalkers in the forest. They carried no visible weapons, relying upon their strength and powers to help them get through this.

The first one burst from the woods, drawing their attention toward it as five others suddenly emerged behind it. They raced forward, oddly silent as they barreled down upon The Elder's who were closest to them. Melissa spun suddenly, turning back toward the building as ten more of the monsters emerged from inside. Devon didn't know how they had gotten into the building, but he was certain that they had always known how to do so.

"I love you," Cassie whispered, seconds before they were besieged.

CHAPTER 20

Power surged through her; Cassie felt the influx of it as the thrill of the fight, the eagerness for the kill descended upon her. The fear inside of her was buried as adrenaline pulsated to the forefront. Her body surged with the rushing strength that filled her veins. She felt the change come over her, knew when her eyes turned red.

She braced herself, bending slightly in preparation to launch herself at them. The others had already descended upon The Elder's who eagerly embraced them in battle. Before the monsters could reach them, before Cassie could leap eagerly into the fray, Julian spun on Devon. Grabbing hold of his arm, he pulled Devon roughly toward him.

"Matthew is insane," he hissed. At Devon's wide eyed, confused look, Julian hurriedly continued, trying to get it all out before the fight was upon them. "He has seen what could become of Cassie, but he has not told anyone yet because he almost hopes it will happen." Cassie's mouth went dry, her heart thumped wildly in her chest. Julian looked crazed, terrified as his gaze darted toward her. "It's not good, none of it is good. In fact, if what he saw comes true it could be very bad Devon, we need to get out of this somehow. We need to get Cassie away from them."

Cassie gaped at him in shock, she forgot briefly about the creatures rushing toward them as Julian's words sank in. The broken, crazed man had seen something that had to do with her! Something that had terrified Julian, something that put her in danger, put all of them in danger. Something that sounded as if it was going to stop her from being able to make the change.

Her gaze darted toward Devon, panic tore through her. They had finally gotten here. The decision had been taken out of both of their hands; the choice had been taken away from them. Consequences be damned, she was going to join him finally, because that is what The Elder's had decided for them. But now, whatever Julian had seen from Matthew had left him so torn and horrified that he was shaking before them.

Cassie wanted to reach out to him, wanted to touch him and assure him that Matthew was wrong, that not all premonitions came true. Melissa was living proof of that. But she could not do that here, not now when they were about to be attacked.

"Julian..." Cassie broke off as Julian's ice blue eyes swung slowly toward her. She could see the love in his steady gaze, but she could also see the stark terror that filled him. His hard, handsome face was pinched tight with worry; his platinum blond hair fell around his chiseled features. "Oh," she breathed.

Her heart hammered; disbelief and pain filled her. She had wanted to join Devon so much, and for so long it had been constantly denied her. And now, now that it was almost upon them Julian had seen something from Matthew that had completely unraveled him. And it was because of her.

"We will discuss this later," Devon interrupted sharply. "Now is not the time."

Cassie was torn away from the horror of what Julian was saying, and back to the horror of what was unraveling rapidly before them. The fight was upon The Elder's already, the creature's eager to destroy and feast upon them.

Cassie braced herself; she widened her stance as her hand tightened around the stake in her hand. The weight of the crossbow strapped to her was reassuring. Watching the rushing horde barreling toward them, Cassie decided to sheathe the stake and go immediately for the crossbow. She loaded it swiftly, and with the ease of someone that had done it hundreds of times. Lifting it high, she took aim at the one in the lead, the one closest to Chris.

She squeezed the trigger. The arrow let loose with a reassuring rush of feather and air that sped swiftly toward its target, hitting home with a reassuring thud. The sound of it all and the resulting satisfaction of the kill would have made her smile, if it hadn't been for the monsters that scrambled easily over their fallen brethren.

Cassie swiftly reloaded as the first one reached Annabelle and Liam. They fell back slightly from the weight of the creature as it clawed and spit at them. Cassie had attributed more reason to them, but they appeared now to be in the midst of a blood frenzy that made them crazed and volatile.

Raising the crossbow, she took aim at the one barreling toward Luther. She fired, but was slightly off target as it slammed into the creature's collarbone, knocking it back and slowing its progress but not stopping it. Cassie swore as she scrambled to grab another arrow, but it was too late. They were on top of them; there would be no more clear shots. She tossed the crossbow aside and grabbed hold of her stake.

But the attack did not come from the way that she had been expecting, the way that she had been prepared for it. Instead, it burst free of the woods on their left hand side. Cassie caught the flurry of movement at the last moment. She spun wildly, terror pounding through her as she realized that no matter how prepared they were, or how strong they were, they were outnumbered and nowhere near as crazed and frenzied as these creatures were.

The first one from the attack on the left was upon her immediately. Red eyes filled her vision; the stench of putrid flesh filled her nostrils. She wanted to recoil from the monster that filled her senses, rocking her with its repulsiveness. Hands seized hold of her, claws curled around her upper arms as it jerked her forward. It had once been a man, but clearly was not anymore. Years of training took over as she managed to rip one arm free of its grasp. She drove her fist straight into its nose, snapping its head back as its nose shattered beneath the force of her fierce blow. Blood spurted over the both of them, but it did not slow Cassie as she slammed her fist into its cheek, staggering it backward.

Taking advantage of the fact that it was off balance, Cassie leapt forward, knocking the creature back even more. She twisted the stake in her hand, spinning it around as she drove it forward. The creature howled, its fingers clawed at the wooden protrusion jutting out of its chest. Cassie ripped it free, shoving the creature back. It fell upon the ground, withering and making strange gurgling noises until all its movements finally ceased.

She didn't have time to study the creature, didn't have time to take in what she had just done as another one grasped hold of her, knocking her back. She stumbled beneath the force of its weight, nearly falling over. Devon's shout of anger filled her ears as the creature managed to claw one of her arms open, spilling her blood. Its eyes widened upon her, its nostrils flared as the scent of her blood caught its attention, exciting it completely.

Its frenzy increased, its misshapen jaws snapped eagerly as it pulled her closer. She was distinctly reminded of the shark from Jaws as it snapped at her again, the flesh stuck in its teeth clearly visible. Cassie staggered, trying hard to keep her balance against its eager, frantic aggression.

She kicked out, not finding much satisfaction in her connection with its shin. There had not been as much force behind the blow as she would have liked. It lurched at her again, shoving her back. Devon was suddenly behind it, his eyes a fiery blaze as he seized hold of the things head, jerking it roughly to the side. The loud snap of its neck echoed through the night. It howled; its arms flailed as it tried desperately to claw at its distorted head. Devon's ruby eyes briefly met hers; she turned away, not wanting to watch what happened next. She tried to block out the sickening sounds of bones breaking further as flesh was torn from body.

Her eyes rapidly took in the scene before her, anger boiled swiftly up. Her friends were being pushed back, herded further away from the store. Chris's nose was bleeding, his shirt was torn open to his belly button, and more blood marred his chest. Melissa's hair had been ripped free of its braid; it hung in a tumbled black mass around her shoulders. Liam and Luther had been swamped by a group of three creatures, they were fighting them off, but Luther was bleeding from a cut on his cheek, and Liam was losing ground. Annabelle and Julian were just finishing off two of more of the Halflings. Chris, who was closest to her, was braced to defend himself against one that was advancing upon him.

Cassie looked rapidly around, but none of them seemed to have noticed that she was standing alone. Not yet anyway. She spun toward Devon, who had been swamped by three of them. It was him that seemed to need her help the most right now. She jumped forward, clinging to her stake as she threw herself back toward the fray.

One came charging out of the mass. It was a woman, or at least it had been. Her mouth was wide; her jaws snapped up and down so hard that her long fangs sliced into her lower lips. Blood trailed down her chin, soaking what was left of her shirt. Cassie spun, slamming her fist hard into the woman's cheek. Her head snapped to the side, but she dove forward, wrapping her arms around Cassie's waist.

The force of the things momentum carried them both back before they tumbled to the ground in a scattered heap. Cassie's breath rushed out of her, she just managed to keep her head from slamming off of the pavement. For the first time all of her terror and confusion was burned away as the comforting surge of rage rushed to the forefront. The woman clawed at her, blood sprayed across Cassie's face as the woman's jaws snapped loudly.

Clinging to her stake, Cassie used her anger and strength to brace her legs. The woman tried to cling to her, her claws scraped across Cassie's chest, but Cassie was able to toss her off. Cassie's fury escalated as the scent of her own blood hit her. Using her arms and legs she sprang easily off the ground. The woman had not quite recovered yet, she was just trying to get back to her feet.

Cassie leapt on her, driving her back to the ground. The woman howled, trying to claw at Cassie, but unable to reach her. There was a time when Cassie's guilt over killing something, even if it was a monster, would have made her hesitate, may have even cost her her life. But those days were gone. There was no hesitation, there was no remorse anymore. She needed to do what had to be done, she had people to protect, she had Devon to think of now. Without her, he was nothing. Without him, she was nothing. Neither of their lives could be lost. And no matter the fact that this creature had once been a woman, she may have even had a family, Cassie did not hesitate.

She drove the stake into the woman's back, plunging deep. Bone shattered, the woman screamed an inhuman mewling sound that caused Cassie to recoil slightly. Though there was a tug of pity for the poor creature, she did not regret it. She had done what needed to be done. This may have been a woman at one time, but she wasn't any longer, and if she was allowed to run free the destruction she would cause to innocents would be on Cassie's hands.

Cassie jumped to her feet, spinning quickly, knowing that she could not let her defenses down for a moment. Though bodies were strewn about, the battle was still in full swing. She jumped forward as another creature leapt onto Devon. They seemed determined to take him down. They must have sensed his power, must have felt him to be their biggest conquest that they wanted to destroy. Panic tore through her, she could not lose him. She would not lose him.

Arms suddenly wrapped around her. A strangled cry of surprise escaped her as the arms squeezed tight, knocking the breath out of her. Cassie gasped for air as she struggled against the iron hold crushing her against a hard chest. She kicked back, her legs flailing but coming up against nothing as whoever held her braced their legs apart.

"I'm going to enjoy this."

Terror and hatred tore through her as she recognized Robert's voice. She kicked back hard and swung her head back, she came up with nothing as he moved swiftly out of her way. She was preparing for a different method of attack, when she felt it. Whatever breath she had left rushed out of her as the stabbing pain tore through the center of her stomach, just beneath her rib cage. She choked hard, trying to get some air into her lungs but receiving none as the fiery pain tore through her.

"Robert no!" Zane bellowed.

Cassie was briefly confused by his command. Didn't Zane want this? Weren't they going to turn on them anyway? And just what had Robert done to her?

A rush of something warm and liquid against her skin suddenly punctured through the pain. She glanced down, her mouth gaping, her eyes widening as she stared in horror at exactly what it was that Robert had done. A silver dagger handle jutted out from her belly, the warm rush of liquid she had felt was her own blood pulsating out from the wound.

Terror tore through her, her pain was forgotten as the struggle for her life was renewed. "Such a little fighter," Robert purred. Then, to her utter disgust and horror, he leaned forward to brush a kiss against her cheek; his tongue flickered lightly over her skin. Though he had just stabbed her, this was a far worse atrocity as she shrank away from his hideous touch. He chuckled softly in her ear, running his tongue over it. "Oh what I would have loved to have done to you, what I would have loved to make my brother watch me do to you. But, just in case I never got that opportunity, I took this one."

Cassie grasped hold of the handle of the knife, trying to pull it free, but failing miserably as his one hand still remained tightly locked upon it. Her hands clenched tight, trying to keep her blood in, trying to keep her life from pulsating rapidly out of her. Robert spun suddenly with her in his arms. Her legs spun out from under her, and a new wave of fiery pain scorched through her entire body. The pain left her numbed, immobile as it took fierce hold of her.

"Look up!" Robert hissed in her ear. Cassie couldn't look anywhere but at the hideous knife causing so much agony inside of her. She could not look at anything except for the hated weapon protruding from her skin. "Look up!"

At this command, Robert shook her roughly, causing more pain to rip through her. She gasped, her head snapped up as tears filled her eyes. She would do anything to make the pain stop, anything to make it better. Then she realized exactly what it was that he had wanted her to see, and she knew instantly that she would have taken the pain a thousand times over rather than have listened to him.

Her gaze locked instantly on Devon's fiery red one. He had frozen amongst the fray, oblivious to the battle that continued to rage around him. Hopelessness, loss, and longing tore through her as she fully realized that she would not be walking away from this. That there would be no escaping this time. That Robert was going to kill her.

Devon's eyes flickered briefly, their beautiful emerald green shone through as love blazed fiercely from them. Tears, that had nothing to do with her pain, spilled down her face. "Don't worry; you'll see my brother again, in hell," Robert whispered in her ear before kissing her roughly again.

Cassie gasped; her body bucked wildly as Robert ripped the knife upward, breaking into the bones of her ribcage, tearing it through organs and skin, before pulling it roughly free. A gurgled scream of pain ripped from her, her hands clawed at her gouged chest, uselessly trying to close the gaping, spurting wound. Robert shoved her roughly away.

Cassie stumbled before falling to her knees and slipping soundlessly forward. This was it, this was the end, and though she had always known that it would come at a young age, she hadn't expected it to be this young. All she wanted now was more time with Devon. She wished that she could have been there for him, and her friends, they would not take well to this. Emotional pain swamped her, burying the physical agony beneath the wave of loss that consumed her.

Devon's roar of fury filled the air. She managed to turn her head enough to see him amongst the creatures. Though he tried to get free enough to reach her, they had taken his hesitation, his moment of inaction, as an excuse to pounce upon him. She caught one more glimpse of him, his eyes were more than on fire they were pure molten lava as rage grasped hold of him, burying him within its tight grip of insanity.

She suddenly understood why Zane had yelled at Robert, why Zane had not wanted her to be killed just yet. They didn't want her down until they at least had Devon under control in some way.

But now... Well now, he was going to kill them all. Including her friends.

The thought caused her to tremble, but she could not move as weakness seeped into her muscles, as her life poured out of her veins. She could feel her life draining from her, pulsing out in endless waves of her warm, necessary blood.

"Cassie! Cassie!" Chris skidded across the ground toward her.

Grasping hold of her shoulder, he pulled her attention away from Devon. Chris's eyes widened in horror as he gazed at the blood spilling from her. The sapphire depths of his much loved eyes bloomed with tears as knowledge slammed into him. "It's ok, I think this was meant to be," she managed to whisper.

His eyes snapped back to hers, determination blazed through them. "Like hell it is."

He was bending over to scoop her up when Julian swooped down upon them. He grasped hold of her, pulling her easily and gently into his arms. Cassie groaned; the movement caused fresh fire to burn through her body. "Hold on, just hold on," Julian snarled.

He curled Cassie against his chest, using his shoulders as battering rams he slammed into whatever creatures came at them. Chris ran beside him, shoving and punching his way through the crowd. Cassie clung to her wound, but she could feel the weakness seeping into her, and the pain was not so bad anymore. It wasn't bad at all actually. She felt oddly numb, slightly cold, but more and more pain free.

"Annabelle!" Julian bellowed. "Annabelle I need you! Now!"

Cassie caught a glimpse of the small girl, fighting to get free of the crowd. "Julian." His ice blue eyes came down to hers, wide and terrified with worry and despair. "Julian it's ok."

"Yes, you will be ok," he barked, breaking free of the melee.

"No, Julian, it's ok. It's ok. I always knew..." a rough coughing spree broke through her; suddenly the pain was back in sharp shooting waves. She gasped, clinging tighter to her wound as she tried to breathe through the agony. Julian's eyes widened in horror, and though he was terrified for her, tormented at the thought of losing her, his pupils dilated in hunger at the sight of the blood she coughed up. "I would not live long," she finished on a hoarse whisper.

He tore his gaze away from her as he bolted across the street. "You'll be fine, you'll be fine. Annabelle!" he bellowed again.

Cassie touched his arm lightly, sensing the impending end of her life, sensing that she did not have much time left. "Julian, you can't let him die. Promise me that you won't let him die, not because of me."

"Cassie..."

"Please Julian," she pleaded. "Please. My life is not worth his too."

This time when his eyes met hers, there were tears spilling down his cheeks. He may want to deny it, he may still wish that Annabelle would be able to help her, but she saw now that inside he knew the truth. She would not survive this. "I will do everything I can to keep him alive," he promised softly.

Tears spilled down her cheeks. "And yourself too?"

He hesitated a moment before nodding sharply. "And myself too."

"Thank you."

Cassie's head slumped against his chest as he shoved into the store door, crashing it off of the wall. Darkness seeped slowly over her; a strange sense of peace embraced her. She thought she would be scared in the end, but she wasn't, not for herself anyway. A strange warmth seeped into her outer limbs, it replaced the cold chill that had been there before.

It wasn't ok that she was leaving everyone; she wished that she could stay with them forever. But she was not afraid, there was something else waiting for her, and in the end she had always known that fate would never be denied. That it could never be changed. And this was her fate. It always had been.

She heard Julian screaming for Annabelle's healing ability again, and then she heard nothing more.

***

Chris was numb with horror and terror as Julian burst into the store, nearly breaking the door off its hinges as it slammed against the wall with enough force to shatter the plaster behind it. Chris had heard Cassie's whispered words; he could feel the strange sense of comfort and peace that had settled over her. And he hated it.

He could not lose his best friend, he could not lose her. And she was ready to be lost. Please, he begged silently. Please just hold on.

"Annabelle!" Julian yelled again, his voice so loud that the windows in the store rattled but Annabelle was already racing through the door. Her strawberry colored curls were a mess, blood smeared her cheeks, but she appeared unharmed as she bolted toward Julian. Chris shut the door, propping a chair against it as its bent frame wouldn't allow it to close properly.

"Hurry," Julian pleaded his voice a hoarse whisper.

Julian knelt on the floor; he placed Cassie gently upon the ground. Her hands slid limply away from her stomach, falling upon the ground. Chris got his first good look at the hideous wound. His eyes widened, bile rushed up his throat as he stared in horror at the jagged, vicious tear that had ripped deep into the inside of his friend. The strong pulse of her blood had slowed to a near stop, her shirt was torn open but her flesh was covered by the deep red color of her life.

A small moan of despair escaped him. Cassie was a fast healer, but even with that ability, and Annabelle's powers he couldn't see how they could do anything to heal that. It was too deep, too long, too brutal and cruel to ever be healed. Terror pulsed through him, full blown panic took over. They were going to lose her, he was certain of it; he was going to lose his best friend.

Tears clogged his throat, making it impossible for him to breathe. "What are you waiting for? Do something!" Julian snarled at Annabelle. She remained frozen, her sea green eyes wide in horror, her hand over her mouth as she gazed at Cassie. "Annabelle!" Julian barked, causing them all to jump in surprise.

Annabelle shook her head as she turned toward Julian; her shoulders slumped in defeat, her posture was sad as she huddled in on herself. There was a hollow look to her eyes that made her appear somewhat shrunken. "I cannot heal the dead Julian," she whispered forlornly.

Chris felt as if he had punched, he took a staggering step back. Pain clutched at his chest as tears instantly sprang forth. "No," he moaned.

He took a step toward Cassie, determined not to believe it, unable to accept the fact that she could be gone so easily. Unable to believe that she could be so swiftly and cruelly ripped from their lives. Unable to believe that her inner light could so easily be doused. He froze though, unable to go forward as his gaze landed upon her face. Cassie's eyes were halfway open, her pupils dilated as she stared unseeingly at the ceiling. Her mouth was parted slightly, her face lax. Knowledge slammed into him, strangling him with its intensity as he turned away, gasping and choking for air as pain and loss engulfed him.

Julian and Annabelle remained silent, unmoving, but he could feel their sadness and loss even through his own grief. Julian swore loudly, turning away he slammed his fist down on one of the metal shelves. It crumpled beneath the blow, spilling its contents across the floor. Before Chris could even blink, he lifted up one of the cases and heaved it across the room as if it weighed no more than a feather. Glass and materials shattered across the room. Chris wrapped his arms around himself as he took a step away from the cans that rolled toward him. Julian bellowed in rage before lifting another shelf and heaving it across the room.

Fresh agony swamped Chris, but this time it was so fierce, so intense that it knocked him to his knees. He couldn't breathe, couldn't see as his vision blurred and his head pounded with the torment pulsing through him in never ending waves that nearly caused him to pass out. He bowed down; his forehead nearly touched the floor as his heart exploded, shattering into a million pieces, destroying everything that was good and right inside of him. Burning away the humanity that had been in him, and leaving only scattered pieces of nothing that were quickly buried by a rage so intense that Chris feared his head would explode. The blood in his ears was a loud rush that blocked out nearly all other sound.

Rage and a thirst for vengeance, for destruction and brutality, swamped him. Chris couldn't breathe, he couldn't think through it. Both of the emotions were so intense that physical pain twisted through him as he struggled to breathe, and tears rolled down his cheeks.

"Julian stop," Annabelle whispered pleadingly.

Julian froze, his shoulders heaved as he stared at the back wall. His hands were fisted at his sides, his body shook but he seemed to have regained some control over himself again. "Devon cannot know about this, not yet. Not until we can contain him in some way. I promised her he would not die, and I am going to keep that promise," Julian said softly, his voice choked with emotion.

"How are we going to do that?" Annabelle whispered.

"I don't know."

Chris gasped for breath, he tried to find his voice, tried to rise up against the tidal wave of emotions crashing over him. He was afraid that if he couldn't get control he would be forever buried beneath the debris of Devon's rage and grief. Forever caught up within the whirlpool that now controlled the vampire. For Chris was keenly aware of the fact that there was nothing left of the man within Devon. The man had been destroyed by Cassie's death; the monster inside him had finally burst free of its cage to take Devon's place.

