Prologue

In every love story, there is a beginning.

There is a place where time and tragedy have not touched, a place that is new and beautiful and shines with hope.

My story is unique in that Cadmus has always been mine, even before we knew it. Our souls were once one, until Zeus split them into two. A bond such as that creates a permanence between two people that cannot be broken, cannot be diminished, cannot be revoked...no matter what the circumstance might be. A bond such as that is real and true. A bond such as that is rare.

And so, because I have been blessed by the gods with this bond, by my grandfather Zeus, by my parents, Aphrodite and Ares, by the universe and all the energies that it contains, I am thankful.

I am thankful to be with my love, because no matter what sadness we have faced in the many lives that we have already lived, we are together now. Cadmus holds me every night until I sleep, whispering into my ear that everything will always be alright because he will make it so. And every night, I believe him.

We watch our beautiful daughter thriving in the Underworld and we relish each moment of our lives, because everything is perfect now. We have fought many battles and have won them in order to get to this point, this place in which we are so happy.

We are together now and Cadmus will walk by my side for all of eternity. I am forever grateful. And today, as I sit in the beautiful gardens of my home watching Cadmus at play with our daughter, I cannot help but think back to a time before everything began.

Every love story has a beginning.

This is mine.

Chapter One

I was quite sure that my home was the most beautiful place in all the world.

The lush green hills of the Spiritlands rolled for miles beyond the gardens of Zeus' palace. Beyond acres of hills and sculpted gardens, white marble walls framed the grounds of our home, the crown jewel of Olympus. The palace had been designed by Zeus personally and was a shining object of beauty, a place where so many of us called home and lived together in our own particular brand of dysfunction.

My father Ares, who also happened to be the god of war, glistened in the light of the morning sun as he practiced his archery on one of those very hills behind the palace, amidst wildflowers and waving grass.

As I sipped a morning cup of nectar from my balcony railing, I watched as Ares carefully eyed his target and pulled the string of his bow taut, holding it for a moment before he let it fly. It landed on the far edge of the circular bull's eye.

Ares visibly sighed before stalking to it and ripping it out of the wood. Apparently, close to the mark wasn't close enough. As he stomped back to where he had been standing, I pushed away from the railing, turning to face Aphrodite, the goddess of love.

"Mother, I do not understand why Zeus will not allow you and father to marry," I said, brushing away her fluttering hands. "It's not right."

As always, my mother was attempting to 'beautify' me. She was constantly trying to dress me up, do fancy things with my hair or offer instruction on feminine wiles. She was far more worried about marrying me to a good husband than in being concerned with her own business...the small matter of marrying the love of her life. It was slightly frustrating.

"Harmonia," she sighed. "We've been through this a hundred times. I don't see why you are so concerned with it. Your father and I love each other. That is the important thing. Zeus will never allow us to marry because he promised Hephaestus that he would never grant Hephaestus and I a divorce. Hephaestus is proud. He does not wish to suffer a divorce."

"Is it better to suffer the thought that you and Ares are cavorting about beneath his nose for all to see?" I sniffed.

I couldn't help it. The idea that my own parents could never marry had always bothered me. It shouldn't, because what my mother said was true. She and my father were wildly, madly in love. Everyone knew it, including my step-father Hephaestus. And a few vows uttered in front of Zeus would never make their bond any more real or concrete than it already was. Their love was legendary.

But still.

"Mother, wouldn't you feel better being officially married to my father?"

Even to me, my voice had become thin and discouraged because I already knew her answer.

Aphrodite shook her head, her honey-colored hair fluttering in the fragrant Olympus breeze. I could smell the lotus blossoms from here as their scent wafted onto my balcony from the gardens below.

"No. I feel just fine as it is. Wonderful, in fact."

Aphrodite laughed, a tinkling peal of bells and I marveled as I frequently did, at my mother's universal appeal. One of her unique traits was in always seeming perfect and charming to the person whom she was with. Anyone who interacted with my mother saw her as their own personal idea of the most beautiful, alluring woman possible. It was one of her greatest gifts. She had practically leveled kingdoms with it.

She turned back to watch my father and waited for him to release his next arrow. It left the bow in a straight line that embedded directly in the center of the target. Ares let out a triumphant crow and turned to Apollo, the god who stood next to him.

Apollo's great shoulders slumped and it appeared from here that he had just lost a challenge. It was slightly unheard of. Apollo didn't lose. But then again, neither did my father. It was always a treat to see the two go head to head in any sort of competition. It was guaranteed to be colorful, at the very least.

My mother waggled her fingers at Ares from my balcony and he bowed low in an exaggerated bow. Aphrodite blew him a kiss and Ares beamed from ear to ear, lighting up his face. Both of my parents were beautiful.

Ares was large and strong with dark hair, tanned skin and dark eyes. He was the only Olympian besides Apollo and Hades whose eyes were not silver. Apollo's eyes were usually silver, but they could turn gold, depending on his mood. Both Hades and Ares had eyes that remained dark, almost black, at all times.

Ares' muscled frame was tall, his attitude fierce, but he was also fiercely loyal to those close to him. It was a deadly mistake to trifle with anyone who he loved.

Aphrodite was his polar opposite. Slender and slight, her dark blonde hair brushed her shoulders. Her eyes were the traditional Olympian silver, her skin fair and perfect. She was beautiful at all times, night or day and was prone to dramatic statements and gestures. As the goddess of peace, I had fallen in the middle of my parents' two extremes.

I turned to wave to my father, as well. He grinned cockily and gestured toward his winning arrow, which was still embedded in the target, in an effort to make certain that I saw it.

Apollo rolled his eyes and I laughed. Ares was a character. If you were in his inner circle, he graced you with his true personality which was funny and witty. If you were not, you only saw what the world thought him to be, ruthless and bloodthirsty. And to be fair, if the need arose, he could certainly be those things too.

From his left, a shadow moved and I watched curiously as a man emerged into my field of vision. Tall and broad-shouldered, he was as handsome a man as I had ever seen. Hair as black as night fell to his shoulders. His arms and legs were thick with muscle although his waist was slim. He had a chiseled jaw and perfect proportions and I found myself holding my breath as I looked at him. I made a conscious effort to breathe before I broached the question to my mother.

"Who is that?"

Aphrodite glanced at me sharply, before answering.

"That's Cadmus, your father's slave. Remember, Harmonia? He killed your father's favorite dragon a few years ago. Surely you remember the drama that your father kicked up over the entire affair." Aphrodite rolled her eyes for effect before continuing.

"Cadmus is a Phoenician prince, the son of the King of Tyre. I might have caused Zeus to fall in love with Cadmus' sister, Europa. It was a slow day and I grew bored. Having love in the air is always a good thing, right?" Aphrodite raised an innocent eyebrow at me. I rolled my eyes in answer. One thing my mother was not, was innocent.

"Anyway, after Zeus fell madly in love with Europa and had stolen her away, Cadmus' father, Agenor, demanded that his sons find her from wherever Zeus had taken her or not to bother coming home at all. Europa was the apple of Agenor's eye, better loved than even his wife, and he desperately wanted her found. The boys set out, but one by one, they either gave up or perished during their search. Years later, out of all of Agenor's sons, Cadmus was finally the only one left standing. He traveled far and wide to find Europa because he was still determined to find his sister.

"Anyway, blah, blah, blah, long story short, along the way, Cadmus killed your father's most favorite dragon and your father demanded justice for this most grievous crime. Zeus sentenced Cadmus to eight years of slavery to your father as compensation for the foul deed. I personally am glad that the dragon is gone. Ares spent entirely too much time with it, anyway. Some silly mortals claim that the dragon was actually Ares' son. Isn't that funny? They're such smelly creatures. I don't see what your father sees in them. Dragons, I mean. Not mortals."

I was not distracted by my mother's prattling or her airy re-telling of this tale. I did remember the affair. It had been a huge scandal some years back and I searched my memory for the details.

I had never seen this man, the subject of such controversy, because I tended to steer clear of the trials in Zeus' court. As the goddess of peace and harmony, I shied away from discord. And there was always anger, resentment and back-biting in Zeus' court.

"He's a mortal," I remembered out loud, my eyes still frozen on the perfect man. Ares had just handed him the bow and I cringed, hoping that Cadmus knew Ares enough to not best him. Ares did not like to be beaten.

Cadmus drew back the bow string gracefully, just as Ares and Apollo had before him. I held my breath as he aimed, paused and released the quivering arrow.

It struck its mark, splitting straight through Ares' arrow and landing in the center of the target. An impressive feat. My eyes flew to my father. Ares stared at the arrow for a moment and at the splintered shards of his own before he burst into loud laughter. I expelled the breath I hadn't realized that I was holding.

Ares slapped Cadmus on the shoulder and I smiled. My father was surprisingly friendly with his slave. As Cadmus turned to grin back at my father, with what I couldn't help but notice was a beautiful smile, his gaze caught mine.

His eyes were dark, almost as dark as Ares', but very kind and sparkled with warmth. He looked surprised for a moment and stopped what he was doing as he stood still and our eyes locked from across the field. Time seemed to stand still. The electricity between the two of us was almost palpable and I drew in a sharp breath.

Ares followed Cadmus' gaze and when he saw me, his eyes narrowed, then he stepped between us. With his back to me, they continued their conversation and my heart started beating again.

"Of course he's mortal," my mother answered, as she carefully watched my face. "He's a Phoenician prince. Don't become taken with him, Harmonia. He's a slave and I'm certain that once he serves his time, he will return to his home. He is King Agenor's only remaining son, after all. He is not free to be with you. And your father would have heart failure, anyway."

"Father will have a heart attack no matter who I end up with," I replied absently, still trying to catch another glimpse of the beautiful man standing with my father. "And besides. Ares is immortal. No amount of heart attacks that I cause him will ever be fatal."

"That's beside the point," Aphrodite announced, squaring her thin shoulders. "It's never wise to seek out that which you cannot have. I should know."

I glanced at her and found her attempting to look sad. I knew her well enough to recognize it as an act, however, and laughed.

"Mother, not five minutes ago, you were telling me how perfectly happy you are and how you do not need to marry my father. Don't try to draw parallels here where there are none. Besides, I haven't even met this man. Yet."

With that last word, I did my best imitation of a flounce as I headed for the door. I heard my mother sigh as I rounded the corner and out of her sight. I smiled in response. It did her good to worry. She was very used to getting things her own way. This would be a nice change of pace for her.

I wound my way through the opulent halls of the palace and slipped out the back doors, through the gardens and into the fields beyond. I turned just once to find Aphrodite watching me, her silver eyes filled with...something. Anxiety? Worry? Curiosity? It was difficult to say, but I put it out of my mind. It didn't matter.

I crested the top of the hill and burst upon the trio of men as they good-naturedly bickered back and forth, arguing about which of them possessed the most impressive skills.

They stopped speaking as I approached and all three turned to watch me.

I instantly felt self-conscious and a blush flared across my cheeks. I dared a glance at Cadmus and found the corner of his mouth twitching, as though suppressing a smile. He found my embarrassment amusing, which caused me to blush all the more.

Ares narrowed his dark eyes as I stopped short in front of them.

"Yes, daughter?" he demanded. "What is it? Is something wrong?"

I stared at him. He knew there was nothing wrong. But I could see that he didn't want me here. That was interesting, as well.

"Of course not, father," I assured him. "I simply wished for you to teach me the art of archery."

My father watched me silently for a moment before he burst into laughter.

"You? Archery?" he laughed again and I felt my flush returning. So I wasn't the most athletically inclined. There was no need to be mean about it.

"Yes," I answered firmly. "You spend hours shooting and hunting with Ortrera, but never with me. I simply thought to spend quality time with my father doing something that he loves to do." I pasted the best innocent expression that I could muster onto my face.

Turning the tables on Ares and making him feel guilty for something he hadn't even done was always effective, as much as I hated to do it. It was a trick that my mother liked to use, not me. But I felt an incredible need to meet this man, this prince of Phoenicia. There was something about him, something oh-so-appealing.

"Your sister enjoys the hunt," my father answered uncertainly. "I had no idea that you had an interest in it. By all means, daughter. We can start your lessons in the morn."

"Oh." My shoulder slumped. "I thought we could start now," I stuttered. "I mean, you have your shooting equipment out here now and I'm here now so it just seemed convenient." I shrugged as nonchalantly as I could.

"They are called bows, daughter, and yes, we do have them," my father began, before he quickly narrowed his eyes again. "And yes. It does seem convenient. Too convenient. Come here."

I eyed him as I walked forward. I wasn't sure I liked the gleam in his eye.

"Come, daughter," he motioned impatiently to a spot directly in front of him. "If you would like to learn to hunt, I have the perfect opportunity."

I followed his gaze and found a majestic peacock preening his colorful iridescent feathers in the sun some fifty yards from us. I gasped and spun to look at my father.

"Surely you don't intend for me to shoot that beautiful bird!" I cried before I could stop myself. "He's not hurting us."

My father gazed at me quietly, knowingly. "Do you not wish to hunt?"

He was calling me on my bluff. He knew it and I knew it. Apollo knew it. But Cadmus did not know it, because he didn't know me. Yet.

I swallowed hard and forced out the hateful words.

"Yes. I'd like to learn to hunt."

This time it was my father's mouth that twitched but I ignored it as I positioned myself in front of him and he handed me the bow. Leaning forward, he adjusted my hands and offered me instruction.

"Pull back slowly and fluidly," he advised. "Keep both eyes open."

I automatically squinted one eye as I examined the bird in front of me.

"Keep one eye open," Ares reminded me, his voice close to my ear. "Still your breathing. Focus. Don't. Even. Blink."

The bird continued to peacefully preen its feathers and I gulped as I eyed him. He wasn't afraid. He had no idea that his life was almost at an end. He was calm and quiet and was simply enjoying the morning sun.

I took aim, my fingers shaking.

I squinted one eye, then quickly remembered and opened it.

I stared at the bird and gulped.

Then gulped again.

"I don't want to do this," I told Ares quietly. When he didn't respond, I whirled, the bow still in my hands. "I don't want to do this. That poor bird has never done anything to me."

But in my inexperience, I accidentally released the arrow from the bowstring. With a whistle, the arrow whizzed directly past my father and impaled itself in Cadmus' strong thigh. He dropped to the ground like a stone, his hands gripping the bloody arrow embedded in his flesh.

To his credit, Cadmus didn't yell and he didn't curse. Instead, he looked at me with calm, dark eyes.

"And what, pray tell, did I do?"

Chapter Two

"I'm so sorry," I told Cadmus for the five-hundredth time. "Truly, truly sorry. Deeply sorry."

I knelt next to him as Apollo helped him pull the arrow from deep within his thigh. I cringed at the strange popping sound that his bone made when the arrow was dislodged and I could feel the tears forming in my eyes. I had done this to him. All because I wanted to meet him.

"Harmonia," my father admonished me. "Get off your knees. I do not wish your mother to see you kneeling next to a slave. He'll be fine. It's but a flesh wound."

I could feel Cadmus staring at my father before I could even see it.

"A flesh wound?" Cadmus asked incredulously. "Your daughter's arrow was embedded in my bone. That's hardly a flesh wound." He turned to me. "But your father is right. I'm fine."

Ares laughed. "Stop being an infant, slave. I've suffered worse wounds than this while shaving in the morning."

Apollo and Ares laughed together and I crouched by Cadmus' side, ignoring them.

"Truly, I'm sorry," I said again, as I picked up his bloody hand. "Very, very sorry."

Cadmus stared at me, his gaze the color of rich chocolate.

"I'm alright," he repeated. "Truly. You do not need to keep apologizing. You meant no harm. You didn't even wish to harm the bird. I know that you didn't wish to harm me."

I shook my head in agreement. "No, I did not. I simply wanted to meet you."

His eyes widened in surprise at my honesty. "Meet me?"

I nodded without saying a word.

"I saw you from my balcony and I wanted to meet you."

His cheek was smeared with his own blood, but it didn't detract from his beauty as he smiled. "Well, here we are then. My name is Cadmus."

"I'm Harmonia," I murmured, mesmerized by his dark gaze. He had to be in so much pain, but he was effortlessly hiding it.

"Yes, she is Harmonia," Ares muttered. "And she is my daughter. Don't even think about it, slave."

Cadmus barely glanced at Ares. Instead, he kept his gaze on me. It pierced me with its intensity.

"It's a pleasure to meet you, Harmonia."

"The pleasure is mine," I answered softly.

And it was. His fingers were warm inside mine, and the feeling of his skin sent electricity jolting through me and set butterflies aloft in my stomach. I'd never felt such a thing in all of my life. He was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen, mortal or otherwise.

Ares jerked his head toward Apollo. "We should get him to the palace and cleaned up. Harmonia, go find your mother and stay out of trouble."

"No, I'm coming with you," I answered as I tagged along behind them. Each of them had taken one of Cadmus' elbows and was helping him limp toward the palace grounds.

"No," Ares replied through gritted teeth. "You will go find your mother."

I didn't answer, but instead stayed right on their heels as they made their way through the gardens and into the servants' quarters of the palace.

They entered a small room and practically dropped Cadmus onto a narrow cot. He didn't utter one word of complaint.

"I'll send a healer," Ares said as he grabbed my arm on his way out. With Apollo behind us, my father dragged me with him, not stopping until we reached the gardens.

"Go find your mother," he instructed me sternly. "I mean it."

I nodded. "Yes, father."

He nodded back, satisfied at my obedience and turned around to walk away. He went two steps before he paused and looked over his shoulder.

"And Harmonia," he grinned. "That was an excellent shot."

He was still laughing as he and Apollo disappeared through the garden gates.

I waited for precisely two more minutes before I made a bee-line back to Cadmus' bedside. Bursting through his door, I found him reclining quietly, his eyes closed, his mouth tightened with his pain. At the noise of my entrance, he looked up in surprise.

"Harmonia."

His voice was husky and deep and quite honestly, the sexiest thing I'd ever heard.

I took a seat at his bedside, unable to help myself. I poured him a glass of water and held it to his lips.

"I'm not an invalid," he said wryly. But he took a drink anyway. "Thank you."

"They are sending a healer," I told him, trying not to look at the bloody mess that was his leg. "I'm so sorry, Cadmus. I really am."

"Think no more about it," he told me firmly. "You didn't mean to hurt me. I know that. And I will be fine."

He looked at me seriously. "You know earlier... when you held my hand?"

I nodded.

"I liked it."

Color exploded in my cheeks once again, and I hesitantly reached for his hand. His long fingers curled around mine and I couldn't explain the feeling that came over me. He felt...just right.

"You smell like honeysuckle," he told me, closing his eyes.

"I know," I told him quietly. "You smell like blood."

He smiled, without re-opening his eyes. "I know. It's your fault, though."

"I know," I whispered. I held his hand and watched him rest. And just when I thought he was almost asleep, he spoke again.

"Harmonia?"

"Yes?"

"You certainly know how to make an impression."

I smiled.

* * *

Once again, I stood on my balcony, this time watching Cadmus hobble slowly across the gardens. It had been three weeks since I had shot him. A healer had treated him, but since servants were considered too unimportant to waste magic on, no one had bothered to completely heal his wounds. As a noted healer, Apollo could have done it in a scant second, but he wouldn't trouble himself. I knew that much.

My parents had recognized my infatuation with Cadmus and had interfered in my every effort to see him. My mother had not left my side and even now, she hovered next to my elbow.

"Mother, someone needs to heal Cadmus," I told her once again, just as I'd told her twenty times before. "Please. I hurt him. I cannot bear to see him pained by my clumsiness."

She stared at me sympathetically. "Poor girl. You must feel awful. But you know how Zeus feels about using magic on the servants. I do not wish to risk his wrath for this." She shrugged and I gritted my teeth.

"Why does Zeus even care?" I muttered. "It's not like our magic is a limited resource. There's plenty to go around."

Aphrodite shrugged again. "I know not. You know how your grandfather is. It is a status thing, I am sure."

"I'm sure," I agreed.

Quietly, I watched Cadmus make his way slowly to a stone bench and lower himself carefully onto it. He remained still, watching the birds. Every once in awhile, I saw him wince, presumably from twinges of pain.

"I cannot bear this!" I announced to my mother. "This is not right."

"Harmonia," she warned. "He is not your responsibility. Don't do anything rash."

"Too late," I answered. And with that, I blurred into immortal speed. I found myself by Cadmus' side in half a minute. My mother didn't follow, much to my surprise.

"Harmonia!" Cadmus smiled, looking up from the bench. He started to get up, but I put a hand on his shoulder.

"Don't get up. You act like you're happy to see me," I said lightly, although my heart did actually quicken in response to his voice.

"I am," he answered. Even wounded, he was strikingly handsome. He seemed so tanned and healthy, even with the gash in his leg. I winced.

"How is your leg?" I asked, afraid of the answer. He shrugged.

"It's getting better. Don't trouble yourself."

I sat down next to him, mindful of the heat his body produced. I found that I wanted to melt into it, even though I wasn't cold. There was just something about him.

We sat in silence, but it wasn't uncomfortable. It was just...silent.

Finally, I spoke.

"So, you're indentured to my father?" I asked politely. Cadmus didn't miss a beat.

"Yes. I killed his dragon. It's sort of my thing."

"Your thing?" I smiled. There was a certain edge of arrogance to him, but it was pleasant. I found that I quite liked it.

He nodded. "My thing. I'll be forever known in the mortal world as the Phoenician who killed Ares' dragon."

"But this particular dragon cost you eight years of your life," I pointed out. Cadmus shrugged, unconcerned.

"What's eight years? Besides. I've spent seven of them living in paradise among the gods. And now I've met you. There are fates far worse than that."

My eyes widened. "You've been here for seven years already? How is it that I haven't seen you about?"

"Your father hasn't exactly wanted me to fraternize with his family," Cadmus answered with a grin. "He's letting me venture into your gardens now to exercise my leg. But before that, I was contained to the servant's quarters."

"But you are a mortal prince," I answered uncertainly. "How is life as a servant treating you?"

"It's not bad here," he answered, unconcerned. "I was a soldier in my father's armies, Harmonia. I've marched in the rain and slept in the mud. At least my bed here is warm and dry. And besides, the scenery is quite exquisite." He reached over and grasped my hand, sending the strange electricity jolting up my arm.

"Thank you," I whispered. He winced suddenly and I knew his leg pained him. Guilt consumed me and I found that Zeus' rules suddenly weren't important.

Jumping to my feet, I leaned over him, pressing my hands against his wound.

"What are you doing?" he asked curiously? I pressed harder and he winced. "What are you doing?" he asked again.

"Just be still for a moment," I told him. I focused on his wound and on feeling the infection in the air above it. I closed my eyes and concentrated.

White hot energy began to pool in my palms and I concentrated on that, allowing it to build up and build up until the mass of energy cause my fingers to straighten out abruptly as the infection in Cadmus' leg moved from his body into my fingers. My hands buzzed with the exertion and I squeezed my eyes closed.

I felt the negative energy that had built up in Cadmus' wound exit his body and enter my own. Once in mine, it disintegrated because it couldn't last long in an immortal. It took several minutes, but finally, it was gone and I collapsed in a heap on top of Cadmus. My energy was drained from the process and I found it difficult to even move.

"Are you alright?" Cadmus asked, pulling me up by my arms to look at me. "What did you do? Are you okay?"

I looked into his face and found genuine concern there. I nodded.

"I'm fine. I just...I think I healed your leg. That's what I tried to do anyway. Try and walk on it."

He looked at me uncertainly, but then stared at his leg in wonder. "There's no pain," he marveled. "For the first time in weeks, there is no pain."

He gingerly stood up and then bounced up and down on his ankles. "Harmonia, I don't know what you did... but thank you. Thank you! How will I ever repay you?"

My energy was completely depleted, but I found the strength to stand up and stare incredulously at him. "Repay me? I injured you in the first place. It's the least I could do."

My shaking legs betrayed me and I collapsed back onto the bench. I trembled as I sat and Cadmus instantly sank down to sit next to me again.

"What can I do?" he asked worriedly. "Should I get your mother?"

I shook my head quickly. "Heavens, no. Trouble will find me soon enough. I don't need to hunt it down."

"Will they punish you?" Cadmus asked me seriously. He stared into my eyes and I found that he made it difficult to think.

"I don't know," I answered honestly. I reached up with shaking hands to push my hair out of my eyes. That had been the first time I had ever healed someone. It was exhilarating at the same time as being exhausting. Cadmus stared at my shaking hand.

"What can I do?" he asked firmly. "There must be something."

I looked around and found the nearest Lotus tree. "Could you hand me a Lotus blossom?"

Cadmus immediately lunged to his feet and picked the biggest blue lotus blossom that he could reach and handed it to me. I promptly took a bite. Lotus blossoms were manna to the gods. Along with nectar, they kept us young and strong. They grew in abundance here in Olympus.

Cadmus watched me eat with interest, keeping his dark eyes trained on my face.

"Your color is returning," he finally announced. "Are you feeling better?"

I nodded. "Yes. I think so. Thank you."

"Thank you," he replied. "You probably saved my leg."

He stared into my face for a while longer and finally spoke again. "You have the most unique color of eyes I've ever seen...such a bright green."

I nodded. "So I hear."

"You are very, very beautiful," he added softly. "I'm sure you hear that a lot, as well."

I shook my head. "No. I don't have many suitors. Most are afraid of my father."

Cadmus grinned cockily. "I'm not."

"No?" I asked, somewhat shocked.

He shook his head. "No," he confirmed.

One more beat passed and he continued.

"Can I ask you a question?" he asked, then continued before I'd answered. "Would you be offended if I kissed you?"

My breath froze on my lips and I could feel my heart pounding in my chest and beating in my fingertips.

Ba-bump.

Ba-bump.

Ba-bump.

"No," I finally managed to eke out.

"No, it won't offend you?" Cadmus asked.

"No, it won't offend me," I answered.

Bending his head, Cadmus lowered his lips to mine and my entire world exploded in this one moment. He tasted like honey and man and his chest was rock-hard beneath my fingers. I knew, right here and now, that I would never want to kiss another man again. He finally pulled away and I felt dizzy as I caught my breath.

"Cadmus?" I asked.

"Yes?" he looked at me quizzically.

"Do it again."

Chapter Three

I spent every waking thought day-dreaming of Cadmus. When I slept, my dreams were about him too. I was consumed with wanting to be with him- every minute, every hour, every day.

I hadn't been punished for healing his leg. Zeus had been in a pleasant mood that day and so when he found out, he simply laughed at my spirit.

"My granddaughter takes after me," he had announced and then toasted my parents. You never knew with him. He ran hot and cold as so many of the Olympians did.

So far, Cadmus and I had kept our romance a secret, although it was difficult since my mother (and any other god) could read my mind. I had to carefully conceal my thoughts and to date, I'd been successful. But successfully keeping the secret didn't change the sad fact that Cadmus and I weren't supposed to be together.

My father would have a fit if he found me with the servant. My mother would be more understanding, but she would feel obligated to tell my father. And in truth, I didn't see what the issue was. Since the beginning of time, gods had fallen in love with mortals. Zeus himself had fallen in love with more of them than I could even count. I truly believed that it simply boiled down to the fact that I held a special place in my father's heart. It was doubtful that he would ever consider anyone good enough to be with me. I sighed at the thought.

I plucked another blossom from a rosebush, careful not to stick my finger on a thorn. I had been out here, idly trying to find the perfect bouquet of fresh flowers for my bedroom for over an hour now. I was simply trying to do anything that would occupy my mind and my time so that I wasn't dwelling on thoughts of Cadmus, my Phoenician prince. But it was a futile effort. Every thought that I had was of him.

Sighing, I knelt and sniffed at a perfect white rose. And then startled when a deep voice came from behind me.

"Little Harmonia," a voice drawled. I spun, dropping my basket of flowers. Hades, the god of the Underworld, leaned on a nearby lotus tree.

I stared at him in confusion. "Hades. What are you doing here? Shouldn't you be-"

"In the Underworld?" he interrupted. I nodded, watching him. Hades was a very interesting god. He carried with him an edge of danger, an air of mystery. He was startlingly handsome with his dark hair, olive complexion and dark eyes. His teeth flashed white as he smiled at me.

"And what brings you out here to the edge of the palace grounds, little Harmonia?"

His voice was like honey, smooth and sweet. As he talked, he walked closer to me. And the closer he came, the more I wanted to be near him. It startled me, this magnetism. I had heard of it before, how Hades had an impossibly strong charisma. He drew everyone to him, either with their permission or against their will. It didn't matter. Something about him made you think that you wanted him. You felt like you wanted anything that he wanted. It was a dangerous position to be in and I took a step back.

"Why are you here?" I asked quietly. I glanced around, but I knew I was alone. I meant to be alone. It was my purpose in coming out this far. I wanted to escape my mother, to be where my thoughts were private so I could think on Cadmus without interruption.

"Cadmus," Hades mused, reading my thoughts quickly. "Your father's slave. Interesting that you would think of him in such a way, Harmonia. Scandalous!"

"It's not scandalous," I replied quickly. "Not at all. He's simply a mortal."

"A mortal indentured to your father," Hades amended. "How do you know that he returns your feelings, Harmonia? As a servant, perhaps he just wants to use you to gain an early release from his bond."

A horrible feeling grew in my chest as Hades' words. I hadn't even considered that.

"Of course you haven't," Hades answered my thought. "You're still so young, so fresh. So beautiful."

He trailed his slender hand along my cheek and I sucked in my breath at his nearness. He had such a dark energy, such a strong energy. It was difficult to resist even though my mind knew it to be a trick. I didn't want him. I didn't want anything about him. But my body thought that I did.

Hades smiled.

"I'm not so bad, am I?" he asked softly, stepping closer. "I mean you no harm, Harmonia. I am simply here to speak with my brother, Zeus. I decided to walk by way of the scenic route and happened upon you. Completely by happenstance, I assure you. But what a happy accident."

"If you say so," I mumbled.

"Oh, I do."

"What do you want from me?" I asked uncertainly. It was well known that Hades didn't bother with a person unless he wanted something from them. He threw his handsome head back and laughed.

"I want nothing from you, Harmonia," he answered with a smile. "What could I possibly want with the goddess of peace?"

"I don't know," I whispered.

Whenever Hades was near, the air itself became heavy and thick, like a premonition almost. I found that I wanted to flee, but that I was afraid. I didn't want him behind me. I wanted him to remain in front of me where I could see him.

"Oh, Harmonia. You are such a delight," Hades smiled again, calmly and confidently. "I am not here to hurt you. I assure you. You must believe me. I just came upon you and happened to overhear your thoughts. But now I feel that I must offer you a warning."

I raised an eyebrow. "A warning?"

Hades nodded. "A warning. My brother Zeus is not what he seems to be. I sense that he will somehow use you to his benefit. I see Cadmus in your future, but I see great distress, great sadness. Use caution when moving forward on this path, young one."

My heart quickened in my chest at the tone of the dark lord's words.

"Great sadness? Of what kind?"

"Sadness is sadness, Harmonia. It matters not what kind. And I do not know. I cannot see the specifics."

"But you definitely see Cadmus with me?" I was both relieved and elated at the thought.

Hades studied me. "Yes. But you are missing the point. I see that you will suffer. You might want to try and avoid that."

"By not being with Cadmus?" I couldn't believe I was asking such a question of Hades. As if he would give me an honest answer. He had to have some sort of angle here, I just didn't know what it was.

He nodded. "If it were me, I might choose to avoid Cadmus. In doing so, you might avoid the heartache that I see in front of you. But I doubt you will do so. The heart wants what the heart wants, does it not?"

With that, Hades winked and continued on his way. He stopped only to pick up my flowers and replace them into the basket, handing it to me. As his fingers brushed mine, he leaned in and kissed my cheek smoothly.

"You've been warned."

And he was gone.

Chapter Four

"He's a mortal, sister." Ortera, my half-sister, stared at me in consternation from across my bedroom.

She stood in the light of the window and I marveled, as I always did, at her muscled form. She was as thick as a tree trunk, but there was not an ounce of fat on her. She was a lean, efficient warrior, a status that served her well as a queen of the Amazons.

"So?" I raised an eyebrow as I slipped on a clean white shift. Belting it at the waist with a jeweled golden belt, I returned her gaze. "Yes, Cadmus is a mortal. I don't see the issue."

Ortrera snorted. "That's because you can't see anything clearly at all right now. All you can see is him. He will break your heart, you know. He will disappoint you eventually. They always do."

"Honestly, Ortrera," I sighed. "I do not understand why you dislike men so. To my knowledge, you've never been affronted by one."

"Of course I haven't!" Ortrera's eyes flashed. "Or it would have been the last thing that particular man ever did."

I sighed again. Ortrera's very personality was fierce, much like our father's. But unlike Ares, she never allowed herself the chance to relax or laugh. It was as though she felt she had to prove to the world that she was as capable as any man. It had to be exhausting.

"And father knows. I can tell," Ortrera added. "He's watching, so you had best be careful."

"I haven't done anything!" I protested. "Cadmus and I have only been alone a few times. We've only kissed. A crime has not been committed, I assure you."

"Tell that to our father," Ortrera muttered. "I'm sure he would just love to hear it."

Picking up a silver hairbrush, I combed my dark hair and wrapped it into a coil at my nape.

"You never said what you needed, sister," I reminded her gently. She had arrived before I was even out of bed and all she had done was talk badly about men, mortals and Cadmus. "I know you must have had a purpose in visiting me so early."

She nodded. "Father told me that you wished to learn to hunt. I came to tell you that my warriors and I will be leaving for the mountains at dusk. If you'd like to come, I will give you instruction."

I shuddered without realizing it at the sheer memory of attempting to shoot the peacock. Ortrera smiled. "I see that capturing a dragon doesn't interest you?"

I glanced at her sharply, setting my hairbrush down on the dressing table. "A dragon?"

She nodded again. "As you know, father has never found a suitable dragon to replace the one your mortal killed. We have heard tales of a magnificent specimen that supposedly lives in the mountains beyond the villages of Cattan. My warriors and I are going to seek it out and if it is as large and fierce as the villagers claim, we will capture it for Ares."

I stared at her. "Only you, Ortrera, would seek out a wild dragon."

She laughed. "To each their own," she agreed. "I'll just leave you here to your...embroidery." Laughing, she pivoted and walked away.

I started to feel annoyed at my sister's insinuation that I was a simpering female who sat around and embroidered all day, but a brilliant idea interrupted me.

If Cadmus could capture the dragon and replace the one he had killed, Ares would look upon him favorably. Perhaps, he would look upon him favorably enough that he would not kill Cadmus for being with me. I gulped. It was worth a try. And it just might work.

I forgot about anything else but finding Cadmus and I slipped from my rooms before I could change my mind.

* * *

I found Cadmus with my father, which was exactly the place where I wanted to find him the least. I had hoped to speak with him alone. But my disappointment was short-lived as I watched them swing their heavy swords at one another. I gasped in alarm, afraid that my worst fears had been realized, but quickly realized that they were simply practicing.

Cadmus was shirtless, a fact that instantly muddled my thoughts as I watched his muscles ripple with each of his movements. Even sweating as he was, he was breathtaking. Expertly, he fended off my father's blows and then returned them with his own. It was difficult to say who was more skilled with a sword.

My father, the god of war himself, was an expert to be sure. But Cadmus made their exercise as smooth as a dance. It was exhilarating to watch.

They battled to and fro, with each having the upper hand at one point. Finally, my father's voice boomed across the clearing, echoing off of the bath house that they were sparring next to.

"You will lose to me this day, slave!" He lunged forward and parried, while Cadmus instinctively leaped backward. Ares' face clouded and he moved forward once again. Cadmus laughed.

"I think not," he grinned, heaving yet another heavy blow, which my father deflected. They both must be exhausted. They were dripping in sweat, so heaven only knew how long they had been at it. Or how much longer they would continue. I decided I would have to take matters into my own hands to end it.

Stepping from the corner of the bath house, I walked toward them and they both stopped in surprise, dropping their swords to their sides.

"Daughter," Ares said at the same time as Cadmus murmured, "Harmonia."

Ares shot a disgusted look at Cadmus before stalking toward me.

"Put some clothes on," he grunted over his shoulder. Cadmus grinned from behind him, but made no move to comply. I smiled.

"What do you need, Harmonia?" Ares demanded. "We're busy here."

"I see that," I nodded. "Impressive skill...both of you. I'm here to say thank you for having Ortrera offer to teach me to hunt. I think the trip to the mountains sounds exciting and so I will be going."

"You will?" Ares arched an eyebrow doubtfully. "You're going to camp in the mountains?"

"Why do you look so surprised?" I grumbled. "You act as though I never get my hands dirty. It's annoying, father."

He laughed. "Don't get your back up, girl. I am only giving you a hard time. Enjoy your time with your sister." Ares turned to return to their sparring, but I grabbed his arm. He turned back around in surprise. "Yes?"

"You didn't give me the opportunity to finish," I told him. "I'm going. But I'm not going with Ortrera. I think a competition sounds fun."

My heart began thudding in my chest. If I didn't sell this, he would never bite, which would ruin everything.

"A competition?" Ares asked in confusion. I nodded.

"Yes. I'm in the mood for a game, father. I think it would be fun to compete with Ortrera and see which of us can bring back your dragon for you."

Ares was still for a moment and I could see that he was choosing his words very carefully so as not to hurt my feelings. It was commendable and I loved him for it. Nonetheless, I kept my expression neutral.

"Harmonia," he began cautiously. "Your sister is a skilled warrior. I trained her myself. It would not be a fair competition."

"I know," I told him happily, because he had answered in precisely the way I'd hoped. "Which is why I'll need assistance. May I have your permission to borrow your servant for the next couple of days?"

Ares face clouded over and he glared at me. "Nice try, little minx. No. You may not take my servant. If you need assistance, I will assist you myself. I'm in the mood for a good adventure anyway."

I quickly fashioned my face into a mirror of the pout that Aphrodite frequently used with him. I'd seen it work a thousand times and so I prayed it would work for me.

"But father," I said pitifully. "I want to please you. I want a good competition and it will be fun for you to watch your daughters compete to please you. Truly. I want to do this without your help. But I want to win- I desperately want to please you. May I please use your servant's services ? Please? I have seen his battle skills here in this meadow this afternoon and we already know that he can defend himself against a dragon. I have faith that he is exactly the person I need to win the game for you."

I held my breath as I waited for my father's reaction. I knew he was considering it. Every Olympian loved a good competition. Behind him, Cadmus looked dumbfounded. Seconds ticked away.

One.

Two.

Three.

Four.

Five.

Finally, after six full seconds of thought, Ares nodded curtly.

"Fine. I must admit that this 'competition' piques my interest. You may take my servant." He turned to Cadmus. "But you will not sully my daughter."

"Father!" I snapped. "I am a grown woman. Do not treat me like a child."

But Ares didn't even look at me, instead his gaze was still fixed upon Cadmus. "Do we understand each other?" he demanded of Cadmus.

Cadmus nodded curtly. "I have nothing but kind regard for you, Ares. I will not disrespect you in such a way."

Ares looked appeased. "Very well." He smiled. "This could prove interesting. I hope you surprise me, Harmonia. That would be quite a turn of events for you to best Ortrera in a hunt!"

Whistling, he walked toward the bath house, stopping only one time in front of Cadmus, lifting one finger.

"Don't forget."

Cadmus shook his head. "I won't."

"So be it," Ares said. "Be on your way. Let the competition commence."

He walked away and Cadmus turned to me in surprise.

"What is this about? You don't seem like the kind of woman who would willingly hunt a dragon."

"We're not going to kill it," I explained patiently. "We're going to capture it. And then we're going to bring it back here to replace the dragon that you killed. Father will be so pleased with you that he might forget that he thinks you aren't good enough for me."

"Your father thinks I'm not good enough for you?" Cadmus asked, his face so, so handsome as he grinned. "That injures me. What do you think?"

I swallowed hard, trying to ignore the fact that my knees went weak every time this man smiled. "I don't know yet. But I'd like the chance to find out."

Cadmus threw his head back and laughed a laugh so rich that it felt like I was bathing in velvet. "Well, come then, little one. It seems we have a competition to start."

As I followed him out of the clearing, I found myself thinking about that competition. Yes, we were competing with Ortrera. But I was involved in a competition much more important than that.

I was out to win Cadmus' heart.

Chapter Five

The rules stated no magic.

As we made our way through the darkness of the mountains, over the steep paths and through the twisted vines that covered them, I found myself annoyed with my father's spur-of-the-moment rules. Right before we left, he had unexpectedly burst from the palace with a list of rules.

1. No magic could be used. We couldn't use any of our magical gifts or abilities.

2. Ortrera couldn't take all of her warriors. She had to choose only one.

3. If either side killed the dragon for any reason instead of capturing it, the other side became the de facto winner.

4. Since we couldn't use magic, we couldn't travel god-style, by imaging where we wanted to go and simply being there instantly. We had to walk. Ortrera couldn't ride her Pegasus.

5. If Cadmus laid a hand on me, Ares would kill him and Ortrera would win the challenge.

It was an exhausting list, particularly the part that stated that we had to walk. My legs already felt like rubber and the evening dew had made the grass slippery. I had slipped and almost fallen three times already.

"I don't know why you men enjoy this kind of thing," I mentioned to Cadmus. He was slightly ahead of me, pushing through the overgrown trails. He turned and grinned, his dark hair falling slightly over one eye.

"What? This isn't fun for you?" he asked. I rolled my eyes, but had to smile. He was the kind of person who made you feel good just being around him. Or that was the affect he had on me, anyway.

"Not particularly," I admitted. He smiled.

"If you didn't want to do this, then that begs that question of why in the world are you? You're a goddess. You don't have to do anything that you don't wish to."

"That's where you're wrong," I told him as we continued walking. I stayed directly on his heels where I discovered that his scent was incredibly appealing, like cedar, musk and the outdoors. "There are strange rules and laws in Olympus and Zeus has his own ideas about things. It's incredibly political and the gods back-bite and bicker."

"But you don't. Because you thrive in peaceful settings," Cadmus observed. I nodded.

"I'm the goddess of peace. I definitely enjoy life the best when there is no conflict."

"You make me feel peaceful just standing near you, you know," Cadmus remarked. "I like that. You are a very soothing presence."

I smiled. "Just doing my job." He laughed again.

"You're witty. I like that, too."

I shook my head. You could tell that Cadmus came from royalty. He was strong and self-assured, confident and knew what he liked. But I could see humility in his eyes, too, a warmth that you didn't normally see in a member of a royal family. Perhaps it came from being Ares' servant for the past seven years. Or perhaps it was just a natural trait. Either way, it was an intriguing mixture of confidence and humility that made him incredibly appealing.

"We should probably stop for the night," Cadmus said, his voice betraying his weariness. We had walked a very long way already and the sky was so dark that it was difficult to see since the moon was new. The Spiritlands sky swirled in its typical way, a blue, black and gray aurora borealis. During the day, it offered lighter hues, but at night it was inky black.

"Alright," I agreed. "Where?"

Cadmus stopped and looked around. Since we were in the mountains, there were many places that we could tuck into and sleep for the night. He examined the horizon and then pointed toward a rock formation a few hundred yards away.

"There."

I nodded and we continued for the few remaining yards, not speaking until we arrived. Once there, I pivoted and examined our little shelter. A semi-circle of stones formed an embankment on one side. The other faced a jagged cliff.

"Do you walk in your sleep?" I asked, eyeing the edge of the cliff nervously. Cadmus smiled.

"Nope. You?"

"No."

"Then, we're fine. This is the perfect place to stop. The stones provide shelter and no one can approach us from the cliffside."

He made valid points. But still. Sleeping directly next to a cliff made me nervous. Cadmus could see it on my face and nudged me.

"Don't worry. I'll sleep between you and the edge. If anyone goes over, it will be me."

"How gentlemanly," I smiled. But secretly, the thought of him plunging over the side of a cliff was enough to give me heart palpations.

We opened our knapsacks and began to make camp. Cadmus built a fire while I spread out our bedding to form pallets.

"Are you hungry?" he asked.

"A little."

He pulled a small bundle out of his bag and opened it, handing me a piece of dried beef. I thanked him and took it, finding a place next to the fire to sit. I breathed a deep breath, inhaling the scent of the pine trees that surrounded us here in the mountains. It smelled fresh and clean here. I liked it, although the cool night breeze caused me to shiver.

"Are you cold?" Cadmus asked, pulling a soft wrap from his bag. He bundled it around my shoulders and then sat next to me. I shivered again and Cadmus smiled.

"Come here," he said quietly. Wrapping his arm around my shoulders, he pulled me close. I was instantly enveloped by his warmth, by his scent, by him. I took a shaky breath.

"Are you alright?" he asked in concern, gazing down at me.

"Of course," I answered quickly. "I'm just nervous."

"Nervous?" He raised a dark eyebrow. "Why?"

I was embarrassed and self-conscious, but I felt like I needed to get my feelings out there. If I didn't risk telling him, I wouldn't gain anything.

"You." My one word sounded small in the night and I felt Cadmus tense at the sound.

"Me?"

"You. I was going about my life, doing my normal things and feeling perfectly normal. Then you came along and nothing is normal anymore. You are all I think about and then when I see you, my heart feels like it's going to explode."

He looked at me for a moment.

"Like this?" He picked up my hand and pressed it against his heart. It was pounding like crazy against his sternum.

"Yes, like that," I whispered.

"Why does it make you nervous?" he asked curiously. "It's amazing. I was beginning to think I'd never meet someone who makes me feel like you do. It's nothing to be afraid of, Harmonia."

He pulled me back a little bit, looking into my eyes. His were dark and bottomless.

"You never need to be nervous around me, not for any reason. We've been given a gift, an extraordinary gift. There is no reason to fear it."

"No?" I asked in surprise. "Right now, we can't even be together. My father would throw a tantrum like Olympus has never seen before."

Cadmus smiled. "Right now, yes. Your father would be angry. But Harmonia, I don't even have a full year of servitude left to serve for him. Very soon, I won't be his servant any longer."

"But you'll still be a mortal," I answered weakly.

"Is that so bad?" he asked in surprise. "I don't find it to be a horrible affliction. Am I distasteful to you because of it?"

I looked at him quickly. "Of course not. But Zeus is the only one who can bestow immortality. I'd have to somehow get him to grant it to you. I can't fall in love with you only to have you grow old and die."

There was a pregnant pause full of charged silence before Cadmus finally turned to me and picked up both of my hands.

"Are you planning to fall in love with me?" He sounded surprised, hesitant, nervous...and pleased. Color exploded in my cheeks and I nodded.

"Yes."

"Good," he answered before he pulled me to him. "I don't want to be the only one falling."

Before I knew it, he was kissing me and all of my nervousness faded away. I couldn't remember what I had been anxious about in the first place. Being with Cadmus felt so right, like it was exactly where I was meant to be.

It was a simple, sweet kiss filled with promise. After a minute or so, he pulled away. I tried to kiss him again, but he shook his head.

"We can't, Harmonia. I told your father that I wouldn't touch you and I'm a man of my word. But this trip won't last forever and when we return, we can decide what to do. I'm a soldier, Harmonia, and soldiers have sharp instincts. And I have a feeling now, a very strong feeling, that I was meant to find you. You were meant for me. I know it."

Warmth flooded me and I suddenly felt more comfortable than I had ever felt in my life. He was right. There was nothing to be afraid of. We might be on the precipice of something life-changing and wonderful.

But even as I thought it, something else came to mind, a very dark thought. Hades' warning. Even though he wasn't here, his words stayed with me.

You've been warned.

I shook my head, as though to rid it of troubling thoughts, and snuggled into Cadmus. He tightened his arm around my shoulders and all dark thoughts faded away. Whatever bad things that Hades wanted to warn me about... it was worth it to face them, all for the potential of a life with this man.

I closed my eyes and slept.

Chapter Six

We had been walking for hours again.

This time, the sun was high overhead and the sky swirled in pinks, whites, yellows and blues. It cast a colorful glow onto our skin, a cheerful, happy light.

"Where do you think the dragon is hiding?" I asked Cadmus. He looked around and shook his head.

"I don't know. We'll smell it before we see it, though."

"That sounds pleasant," I mumbled.

The scenery here was beautiful. I had never ventured this far into the mountains before. Jagged rocks, pine trees, multi-colored layers of shale and resplendent greenery covered the hillsides. It was a nature lover's paradise.

"I haven't seen Ortrera yet, either," I mentioned off-hand. "I wonder if that means that we are off course?"

"I don't think so," Cadmus said confidently. "Look."

I followed his pointing finger to find giant claw-tipped footprints embedded deep into the ground. Each print was longer than I was tall.

"Sweet heavens," I breathed. "It must be enormous."

"Yes," Cadmus agreed as he reached around his back and withdrew a thick arrow from his quiver and loaded it into a bow.

"No," I cried out. He looked at me in alarm. "We can't kill it. We have to capture it. We have to deliver it to my father."

Cadmus nodded. "And we will. If we can. But if we can't, I'm not going to let it eat us for dinner, either."

A sudden feeling of panic overtook me. It had never occurred to me that we might not succeed. In my head, we captured the dragon, led it to Ares and lived happily ever after. Killing the dragon instead didn't enter the equation.

But I realized now that we might face an impossible feat. A dragon this large would not be taken quietly. We only had the weapons that we could carry. We had no horses. No magic. We didn't have anything that we needed to be successful and I felt my shoulders droop.

"Don't get discouraged," Cadmus said, noticing my sudden quiet. "I never give up, Harmonia. That's something you should learn."

I gestured toward the giant tracks. "But this... this is crazy. I don't know what I was thinking. We'll have to think of another way for you to get into my father's good graces. This was not my best idea."

Cadmus studied me for a moment, his dark eyes thoughtful.

"Harmonia, do you think that I can't get into your father's good graces on my own? Do you believe that I have no redeeming qualities already?"

I startled and shook my head quickly.

"No! Not at all. I just wanted to help. I know my father and-"

Cadmus smiled patiently. "I know that you know him better than I do, Harmonia, but I've been with him for seven years now. I've gotten to know him and I'll admit, I like him. He's rough around the edges, but he is true to those important to him. I have no doubt that when the time comes, he'll see the situation for what it is. He'll recognize that I can make you happy and that you want to be with me."

I watched him, mesmerized.

"I do?"

He nodded. "You certainly do. And I will make you happy."

"Will you love me?" My voice was small. He smiled slightly.

"I will. Eventually."

I squeaked at his answer and he smiled, but before he could say anything else, a shriek resounded from somewhere very near. Cadmus' head snapped up and we whirled about, trying to locate the source of the scream.

Shoving me behind him, Cadmus once again drew his bow and held it tautly as we searched for whoever had screamed. We felt certain that when we found it, we would also find the dragon.

We weren't wrong.

After ten minutes of downhill hiking, a horrible, acrid odor assaulted my nose and I clamped my hands over it.

"By the gods," I muttered. "It smells like...it smells like..." I wracked my brain but couldn't think of a word bad enough to describe the foul smell.

"I know," Cadmus agreed. "It does. We're close."

We rounded the edge of thick greenery and spilled out into an open meadow. And when we did, we found Ortrera and her one warrior circling the most enormous beast I had ever seen. It was bigger than any chimera I'd ever seen, even bigger than the underwater hydras. It was a massive, massive beast. Red scales larger than my head covered its body and it had enormous black claws that scratched the dirt in agitation.

I was speechless as I stared up at it. It sensed our movement and turned its large head, its orange eye rolling to look at us. It exhaled quickly in a puff of steam and Cadmus shoved me to the ground behind him as he held his knapsack in front of his face. Fire scorched the earth around us and caught fire to his bag. He dropped it and grabbed me by the arm, yanking me to my feet.

"Run!" he told me, pointing to a large boulder on the other side of the beast.

I did as I was told, thinking that Cadmus would be right behind me. But when I got there and turned around, I found that he was still with the dragon.

"Cadmus!" I screamed.

The beast twisted around and stared at me with a glittering glare. I screamed again and dove behind a large stone.

I trembled for a moment before I realized that I couldn't hide. I was here for a purpose and hiding behind a boulder wasn't going to accomplish it. As I scrambled to my feet, I heard Cadmus and Ortrera calling my name, but not before I realized why.

As I peered over the boulder, the dragon's face was staring directly into mine. It had come to seek me out and was waiting quietly for me to move.

I froze, unsure of what to do. With one fiery breath, he could burn me alive. I stared into its orange glassy eye and saw a reflection of my terrified face. The quick glimpse was all it took to bolster my courage. I didn't want to see myself like that...like a frightened child. I wanted to be brave. And people weren't born brave. They made themselves brave by acting boldly in the face of their fear.

I took a deep breath.

In response, the dragon took a deep breath. My heart speeded up. All it would take would be for the dragon to sigh one small sigh of fire and I would be toast. Literally.

I could hear Ortrera and Cadmus in the background, yelling to me, but I tuned them out. I focused on the dragon's face, on his fetid breath, on trying to decide what to do. And before I could think of a good plan, I acted.

Like lightning, and with almost a will of its own, my hand shot out and my fingers jabbed the dragon in its giant eye. The beast roared and reared back on its hind legs and I ran for cover as fire rained down around me. Cadmus and Ortrera motioned for me to join them so I ran with everything I had to reach them. They were huddled behind a large wall of rock and I rounded the corner and flew into them.

Panting, I leaned into my sister to catch my breath. As I glanced up, I realized that only Cadmus and Ortrera were here. One person was missing.

"Where's your warrior?"

Grimly, Ortrera pointed to a charred pile of remains not far from us and I gasped. There was nothing left of the brave female warrior except blackened ash.

"Good heavens. I'm sorry, sister."

She nodded. "This game has lost its appeal, Harmonia."

"Agreed. I believe I bit off more than I could chew."

"Ladies, we'll be fine," Cadmus assured us calmly. As he spoke, he drew his sword from the sheath at his side. "Harmonia, do not go near that beast again."

"I didn't exactly have a choice!" I snapped. "It found me, I didn't-"

"Either way," Cadmus interrupted smoothly. "Stay out of harm's way. Stay here with your sister. I have an idea."

"You're not doing anything without me," Ortrera announced, pulling an arrow from her quiver. "I have a score to settle with this beast."

"No." Cadmus leveled a dark gaze at her. "I need you to stay with Harmonia and keep her safe for a moment. Please."

Ortrera glanced at me and then sighed. "Fine."

"I'll be back in a moment."

Cadmus crept stealthily around the rocks, keeping an eye out for the dragon. I couldn't see the beast anymore, which caused the hair to rise on my neck. The dragon could appear at any moment and we would meet the same end as Ortrera's warrior.

I gulped.

Cadmus crept up on the rocks and looked around, pausing for a moment to gain his bearings and then continued to scale the wall of stone. As soon as his back was turned, Ortrera grabbed her bow and leaped onto the rocks after him. I pulled at her arm in alarm.

"No! You need to wait here. You could put him into danger!"

I didn't realize that my voice was so loud until it echoed on the rocks around us. Ortrera clamped her hand over my mouth, but it was too late. I felt the ground rumble as the dragon moved and then I saw the spines of his scales emerge over the rock wall. My stomach sunk like a lead weight. My words had brought the beast straight to us.

Cadmus spun and when he saw where the dragon was at in relation to us, his jaw clenched. He looked this way and that, trying to think of a way to help and then suddenly, he froze. He pulled his sword and in a flash, he had wedged it into the rocks of the wall beneath him, putting all of his weight on the handle.

What in the world was he doing?

And then the rocks began to break away and tumble down.

The large boulders rolled to the ground, filling the open walkway that would have allowed the dragon to get to me. Cadmus had prevented the dragon from reaching me. But in the process, the rocks that he had been balanced on so precariously had crashed down onto the ground, and Cadmus had gone with them. He was trapped with the dragon.

Chapter Seven

I shrieked and leaped to my feet, clawing at the jagged rocks.

Ortrera pulled at my hands.

"Stop it, Harmonia. You're going to hurt yourself. We'll get to him."

She wasn't moving fast enough and I grabbed her arm.

"Ortrera, you don't understand. I have to save him. I have to. He...I..."

"This is the first time I've seen you speechless." His voice came from above us.

Cadmus.

I gasped and looked up. He was perched on the top of the rock ledge, balanced carefully amid the newly piled rocks.

"I thought you fell in with the dragon!" I cried. "I thought you were going to die."

He gave me a droll look as he began carefully climbing down toward us.

"You thought a dragon would kill me? Trust me, when I die, it will not be from a dragon."

He scaled the remaining stones quickly and then leaped the rest of the way to the ground, standing in front of me.

"I'm sorry," he told me seriously. "I interrupted what you were saying before. You have to save me because...why?"

His arrogance knew no bounds and my cheeks exploded into color.

"You know why," I muttered.

"No, I don't," he argued. "I really don't."

As I was trying to decide what to say, Ortrera rolled her eyes in disgust.

"There's no time to talk about it now. These rocks won't contain the beast long. We should get back to the palace and bring father here. We can capture it after all."

"Cadmus already captured it," I pointed out. "And he saved our lives."

Ortrera rolled her eyes again. "I don't need anyone to save me," she snapped. "I would have been just fine on my own."

"But you weren't on your own," I answered. "Cadmus saved us so that you didn't have to."

I turned to him. "Thank you. I'm sorry my sister isn't being very gracious. She's not accustomed to being saved. But I'm grateful. Very, very grateful. Thank you for saving us."

Cadmus smiled, a beatific smile that weakened my knees. "You're most welcome," he answered regally. "Anytime."

I was taken aback by his incredible beauty and grace. Even though he was a man, he just seemed too beautiful to simply call him 'handsome'. Ortrera rolled her eyes again, both at his words and at my thoughts, and I found myself wishing again that she'd be a little more polite. She shook her head at my thought.

"You're polite enough for the both of us," she told me as she strapped her knapsack onto her back. "I'm going back to the palace. Are you coming?"

"Of course," I answered. "Cadmus?"

"I'm right behind you," he replied.

We walked in silence for miles. Ortrera stormed ahead, anxious to report back to father. She moved so quickly that we lost sight of her after a few moments. Cadmus lagged behind with me. I buried myself in my thoughts, anxious to sort out my confusing emotions. It was still amazing to me how many strong emotions had passed through my heart over the past few weeks. It was almost disorienting.

After a couple of hours, Cadmus spoke.

"Are you angry?" he asked carefully, his eyes on the horizon.

I turned to him in surprise.

"Of course not. What would I be angry about?"

He looked at me. "Well, we weren't able to bring back the dragon, so I thought you might be disappointed."

I shook my head. "Of course not. You contained it so that we can go back and get it. And you saved my life- and that of my sister. My father is going to be very happy with you. As am I."

We were silent for a few more minutes as Cadmus digested that.

"So why are you so quiet?" he finally asked. "In my experience, it is not good for a woman to remain so silent. It never ends well."

"Oh, no?" I laughed. "In your vast experience with women?"

He laughed too. "Yes. In my vast experience with women."

"I'm fine. I'm just trying to guess what my father will do. Will he free you early? Isn't that an interesting thought? It is possible that you will be a free man as soon as we reach the palace."

Cadmus shook his head.

"I won't ask for that. I killed his dragon. I received my sentence and I will carry it out. It is only six months more. And I am able to be on Olympus with you. That is certainly not a punishment."

He stopped walking and turned to me, a strange expression on his face.

"Harmonia, today, when I saw that dragon hovering over you...and then again when it was going after you and your sister...I've never been so afraid in my life. You looked so small and vulnerable and all I could think of was that I was going to be too late, that I wouldn't be able to protect you."

"But I'm a goddess. You're a mortal," I pointed out. "I don't usually need your protection."

He nodded slowly. "Perhaps. But there in that clearing, your father took your abilities away for the game. You had no defenses against that beast. You only had me. And I was almost too late. I was as scared as I've ever been."

Butterflies started churning in my stomach.

"You were scared because of me?"

I stared up at this soldier. He was so strong, so assured, that I couldn't imagine he'd ever been scared a day in his life, but he nodded in confirmation.

"I was scared today. Don't do that again."

He lowered his head to mine and kissed me as soundly as I'd ever been kissed. Light exploded behind my eyelids like stars and I gasped for breath when he pulled away.

"Do you love me now?" I asked jokingly, although secretly I was waiting for his answer.

"I'm getting there," he replied with a small smile. I couldn't help but laugh.

"Getting there?"

He nodded.

"Getting there."

* * *

"So, you mean to tell me that you not only came back empty-handed, without the dragon, but you almost got two of my daughters killed?" Ares' voice boomed throughout the courtyard.

We had walked for hours, arriving at the palace just before midnight, bedraggled and dirty. We stood slumped before Ares now, bone-tired.

I interrupted Ares' tirade.

"Don't you mean... he captured and contained the dragon so that you could go pick it up and in the process, he saved the lives of two of your daughters?" I demanded. "You should be grateful, father."

Ares stared at me, his gaze dark and thunderous. "Don't push it, Harmonia."

But he turned back to Cadmus. "My daughter makes an excellent point. You have gone against the odds. And you have brought two of my most valued treasures back to me unharmed. For that, I am grateful and in your debt. How would you ask that I repay you?"

Cadmus stood proudly, straight and tall, in front of my father.

"I do not ask for anything in repayment, nothing as a gift," he answered. "But soon, very soon, after I have served my time in your home, I will come to you again, to ask for your daughter' s hand. I hope that you will consider it."

"You struck a fancy to Ortrera?" Ares asked, his eyes glittering with his own humor. My sister rolled her eyes.

"Not hardly," she muttered.

Cadmus smiled at her. "While Ortrera is brave and beautiful, it is Harmonia who haunts my dreams. I would be honored to have her for my wife."

I sucked in my breath. His wife. I would be bound to him for eternity...if my father granted his request.

Ares eyed Cadmus and then looked to me.

"I will think on it," he replied, before spinning on his heel and walking away.

I thought my legs would collapse from the sheer emotional toll that the day had taken and Cadmus must have sensed as much. With a strong hand, he grasped my elbow as he walked me to the palace doors.

"Thank you for the adventure," he told me, his eyes twinkling warmly. "I wouldn't have missed it for the world."

I laughed.

"No, I guess you wouldn't have. Dragons are your thing, right?"

He laughed with me and nodded. "Yes. Dragons and beautiful women. I guess I have a weakness."

"A weakness for all beautiful women?" I asked, feigning shock.

"Nope," he answered. "Just one."

He leaned down and kissed me softly, his lips warm and yielding against my own. I knew that I would gladly kiss him every day for the rest of eternity. His strong hands slid up my back and I pulled him to me, trying to get closer. He laughed against my mouth and pulled away.

"You're going to be the death of me," he said, shaking his head. "Good night, little one. Have sweet dreams about me."

I smiled at his arrogance. I couldn't lie. I liked it.

"Have sweet dreams about me," I answered.

"Oh, don't worry. You live in my dreams every night. You would be surprised at your behavior."

I swatted at his arm and laughed. "Good night, prince of Phoenicia. Thank you for saving my life."

"You're welcome, Harmonia."

He turned and walked away and I stood still, watching him leave. I inhaled the sweet fragrance of the lotus blossoms and enjoyed the cool night air on my skin. Suddenly, everything seemed more vibrant than it had before. The colors seemed brighter and more beautiful, the scents around me seemed more fragrant. I puzzled on that for a second.

"It's because you're in love," my mother's soft voice came from behind me, answering my unspoken question. "Everything seems more vibrant because you love him. That's what love does."

I exhaled a blissful sigh and turned to face her.

"I love him?"

She laughed her feminine laugh.

"You do. Can you not feel it?"

"I feel everything," I answered. "I feel so wonderful. Like I could dance on the air and stay awake for hours, just thinking about him. That's love?"

Mother laughed again. "That's love. Why do you think it's so intoxicating? Men would move mountains for it... and crumble them, too. You must be careful, sweet one. Love is a dangerous thing. I should know."

"What I feel for Cadmus could never be dangerous," I told her confidently. "It's honest and true."

"I have no doubt," she agreed. "Honest and true, just as you are. Just be careful, Harmonia. Love can change. And it can change people."

"My love won't," I answered firmly. "I know that it won't. Do you think father will grant Cadmus' request?"

Aphrodite looked at the horizon as she thought, her silver eyes narrowed. "I know not," she finally answered. "But I know that he respects Cadmus in his own way and I know that he wants you to be happy. Let us just see how the next six months unfold, shall we?"

She linked her arm with mine and we made our way back into the castle. I didn't dance on air that night, but I certainly laid awake for hours thinking of Cadmus' beautiful smile.

Chapter Eight

Six Months Later

My eyes popped open to find sunlight pouring into my bedchambers. The night had passed and it was finally today.

The day that Cadmus was released.

My feet barely hit the floor before I was running in a blur toward my doors. I was down the hall, across the courtyard and through the servant's quarters before I even realized that I was still in my night dress.

I burst into Cadmus' bedchamber and found him still abed.

"You're free," I announced, moving straight to his side. "Cadmus, you're free today."

He opened one eye.

"Good morning, little one."

I stared at him in consternation. "Why aren't you more excited? You're free, Cadmus. You are no longer my father's slave. You are free to be with me."

"Only if your father decrees it," he reminded me. "If he doesn't..."

"If he doesn't, I will go with you anyway," I told him defiantly. "I am a grown woman. I do not require my father's blessing."

"But I do," Cadmus answered softly. "I would not feel right without it."

"You would walk away from me if he says no?" I asked incredulously. "You think so little of me that it would be easy for you to leave?" I couldn't believe it. Cadmus smiled.

"I didn't say that. I would simply try harder."

His mouth was too tantalizing to ignore, so I leaned forward and kissed it, stroking his chiseled cheekbone with my fingers. It was as though he had been carved from the most perfect piece of marble by the most skilled of artists. I couldn't keep my hands from roaming across his body. He groaned and pulled me to him.

"You've been tempting me for six months," he growled into my mouth. "You are not playing fair."

"All is fair in love and war," I reminded him. "I just wanted to keep you interested."

He grinned. "Oh, I'm interested. Trust me. I'm interested. But you should go get dressed, little one. Everyone will be rising soon. You should probably have clothes on for that."

"You might be the first man in the history of time to suggest to a woman that she put clothes on rather than take them off," I pointed out. He shrugged.

"Perhaps. Or perhaps I'm just confident."

"Confident in what?" I asked.

"Confident that when the time comes, I won't have to ask you to take them off."

I laughed. "You're confident all right." But in my heart, I knew he was right. When the time came, I was certain that I would be all too willing. It had been a very long and chaste six months.

"I'm going to get dressed and then I'm going to find my father. He's likely having breakfast."

"Let the man eat, Harmonia," Cadmus said with a smile. "He'll be in a better mood if you do."

"I probably don't have the patience," I answered as I kissed him quickly and slipped back out of his room. In my excitement, I barely felt my feet hit the ground. I made my way back to my bedchambers in record time and only took five minutes to ready for the day.

Many times, I enjoyed dressing myself the old-fashioned way. But today, in my hurry, I simply envisioned myself dressed in my favorite green sheath, belted with an elaborate silver belt and instantly I was. I pictured my hair piled onto my head in an elaborate up-do embedded with emeralds, and instantly it was so. There were times when being a goddess came in handy.

And I wanted to look beautiful for Cadmus today.

"And you do," my mother said as she quietly entered my rooms.

"I hate it when you sneak up on me like that," I told her, as I'd told her a thousand times before. She simply grinned.

"I must, if I ever want to hear what you are thinking. If I don't, you hide your thoughts from me. What's a poor mother to do?" She shrugged her shoulders elegantly. I laughed.

"A poor mother? That's hardly the case."

Aphrodite looked radiant today and incredibly happy, which meant only one thing.

"You've just come from father, haven't you?" I asked.

She nodded. "Yes. He's in a wonderful mood today."

My heart beat picked up. That was good news.

"A good mood?" I asked innocently. She narrowed her eyes at me.

"Yes. You aren't planning something that will turn him sour, are you? I'm planning a feast for this evening. I would like for him to be pleasant and accommodating."

"Father loves to feast," I reminded her. "He will be fine. Make sure you serve roasted leg of lamb and he'll be putty in your hands."

Aphrodite wasn't distracted. She focused on me with laser-precision.

"What are you planning, daughter?" she asked firmly. "I know you well and you are up to something."

I wrinkled my nose at her as I walked to my balcony. "I'm not planning anything at all. Today is just the last day of Cadmus' sentence. He's free today, mother. I'm going to ask father if he has given any thought to Cadmus' proposal."

I watched realization pass over my mother's face. I hadn't discussed this with her over the past few months. I had quietly met with Cadmus in secret-innocent get-togethers where we laughed and got to know each other better.

And the more we got to know each other, the more I knew that he was the one for me. There was no one else who would ever be as suited for me as he was. If Ares didn't grant his permission, I would be devastated.

"So, I see," Aphrodite mused as she rifled through my thoughts. "I hadn't realized that things had progressed to this, daughter. You've been keeping secrets."

She looked slightly offended that I hadn't confided in her, so I rushed to reassure her.

"Mother, I love you. I just wanted to keep this one thing to myself while it was in such a new stage. Cadmus and I...we love each other. But our relationship is new. I didn't want it exposed for the world to see, particularly when he wasn't free to be with me. But he is now. And that changes everything."

I rushed to her side and hugged her, breathing in her floral scent and kissing her lightly on the cheek. "I love you, mother. I really, really do."

"I know you do, Harmonia," she sighed. "And I guess I knew that this day would come. I just don't have to like it. I don't want you to leave."

I froze in my tracks.

"Leave?"

She looked at me in amusement. "Of course, sweet one. If you are with Cadmus, I am sure that you will be leaving. He has a kingdom to rule. He is his father's only remaining son. He is the heir to the throne. He has an obligation to return."

My heart hammered in my chest. Never, over the course of the past few months, had we ever spoken of this. Cadmus had never mentioned returning to the mortal world and I had never asked...because it hadn't occurred to me. Why would anyone ever want to leave the Spiritlands? But in this instant, I knew that my mother was right. Cadmus would need to return to the mortal world to rule his father's kingdom.

If I didn't go with him, we couldn't marry.

That fact loomed large and prominent in front of me. I sighed a long sigh and my mother hugged my shoulders.

"You didn't think of this?" she asked incredulously. "You didn't realize that he would have to return?"

"No," I admitted softly. "I will admit that my thoughts have been clouded of late. I haven't thought of practicality at all. I've only thought of him."

"Love," Aphrodite shook her head. "I've warned you. It does strange things to a person."

My chest suddenly felt hollow. After feeling ecstatic since the moment I awoke, this sudden realization that all might go awry weighted me down horribly. I should have known that there would be an obstacle. There always was.

"Don't think like that," my mother said sternly. "Life is not always rainbows and butterflies, my sweet. Life is ever-changing and ever-challenging. If it were not, we would grow bored. You must look at this situation for what it is: A choice. You must simply decide if you are willing to relocate for this man. Do you love him enough to move from your home and follow him to his?"

She stared at me, her silver eyes knowing. It would be difficult for anyone to choose to move from the home of the gods to the mortal world. She knew that.

"My darling, think long and hard on this decision. It is ever so important. Do not rush into it."

I shook my head. "I won't. But I love him, mother."

"I know," she replied. "I'm the goddess of love, remember? I can sense it from a mile away. You love him. Now, you will simply have to decide if that is enough."

I sank into a nearby seat and numbly stared at the birds flying in the trees outside of my windows. They were so happy and content. I had the random thought that I wished I was one of them. Their lives were so simple.

"Sweetling," my mother sighed as she knelt in front of me and pushed a stray tendril of hair from my eyes. "This will be simple, as well. And really, first things first. You must speak with your father and see if he will grant his permission. Do not worry yourself until you know that there is something to worry about."

I nodded. My mother spoke the truth. I should find out this small detail before I got ahead of myself. But she was wrong on one aspect. Of course I would worry about my father's decision. I loved him, but Ares was known to be a touch difficult when he wanted to be. Sighing, I rose from my chair and turned to face another dragon.

My father.

Chapter Nine

I heard him long before I saw him as I approached the dining hall.

Ares was laughing boisterously with someone. Hermes, maybe? It sounded like Hermes' voice. The hall was filled with chattering and laughter, so most of the Olympians must be in attendance for breakfast. I swallowed. Ugh. I'd have an audience.

As I reached up to grasp the ornate door handles, a large hand reached from behind to open the door for me.

Turning, I found Cadmus.

From the dampness of his hair, I could see that he was freshly bathed. I longed to lean in and inhale his clean, woodsy scent, but I restrained myself. Instead, I gazed at him for a moment, appreciating his masculine appeal. Looking at him, however, made me want to touch him. So, I pulled my eyes to his, which were twinkling in amusement.

"See something you like?" he asked with a grin.

I shook my head. I couldn't deny it. He had caught me checking him out fair and square. My cheeks were on fire as I tried to casually continue our conversation. Cadmus had laughter in his eyes. He knew exactly how embarrassed I was and it amused him. I had to admit, it was a little amusing. Here I was...a goddess on Mount Olympus and a mortal man had completely taken over my senses. I deserved to be the object of his humor. I smiled pleasantly.

"Are you coming to speak to my father?"

He eyed me. "Yes. I was trying to beat you here, so that I could speak for myself. I should have known that would be a futile effort. You did say that you were impatient."

I was indignant. "That's not true," I told him, the red flush back in my cheeks. "It's not a futile effort. You're a grown man. You can speak for yourself."

"Well, I know that," he told laughingly. "But do you?"

He had me again. I had definitely been on my way to speak to my father and it hadn't occurred to me that Cadmus might want to do it himself. I fidgeted with my ankle for a moment and Cadmus laughed.

"I have your number, don't I?" he asked me with a grin. "You know, before I met you, I always pictured the goddess of peace to be...well, peaceful. You have a more colorful personality than I would have guessed."

"I am peaceful," I told him. "Most of the time."

He laughed and I realized that I could listen to that sound all day long. But we had things to do and dragons to speak to.

"Are you ready to talk to my father?" I asked. "I mean, are you still planning to speak to him?"

"About your hand in marriage?" Cadmus asked, surprised. "Of course. I fully intend for you to be my wife, Harmonia." He looked at me. "Did you think I had changed my mind?"

Maybe, I thought.

"No," I answered aloud.

"Liar," he grinned. "I was merely commenting on how you are more colorful than I anticipated you would be. I like it."

I felt more relief with his words than I would ever admit.

"So, are you ready?" I asked instead. He nodded.

"Goddesses first," he opened the door and stood to the side to allow me to pass. As I walked past him, he leaned in and inhaled.

"You smell good," he whispered in my ear.

"It's my natural scent," I told him, aware that many mortals and even some goddesses wore perfume.

"I know," he nodded. I felt myself flush again.

As we entered the dining hall, the Olympians and various other minor gods and goddesses were eating their breakfast, chatting and socializing. But one by one, as they noticed us, they stopped talking and watched us approach Ares. I could feel several dozen pairs of eyes upon me as we made our way across the room. It made me self-conscious, though I tried hard not to show it.

When we reached Ares, his dark eyes were twinkling.

That could be a good thing or a bad thing. It could mean that he was in a good mood and was inclined to be cooperative.

Or it could mean that he was inclined to give us a hard time for his personal entertainment. There was only one way to find out.

"Father," I began.

"Ares," Cadmus interrupted me, with a sideling glance.

I snapped my mouth closed. I had already forgotten that he had wanted to speak for himself. Color once again exploded into my cheeks and I realized that I had blushed more in the past few weeks than I had in my entire life.

"Yes?" Ares raised a dark eyebrow, waiting. I sighed. He was going to be difficult for his own amusement. I could tell already.

"Today marks the end of the eight years that I was sentenced to serve you," Cadmus began. "It has been so much more interesting than I would ever have thought before and I am surprised to find that I consider you a friend now. I respect you and I value your opinion and insight. I humbly come to you now to ask that you release me from my bondage."

Cadmus paused and looked at me. I held my breath.

"And?" Ares asked, his eyebrow still raised.

He reached over and grabbed a goblet of nectar, casually sipping from it as he waited to discuss my future. I was dying of anxiety inside, but I tried to calm myself. I had a feeling that both Ares and Cadmus were prolonging this on purpose to try my patience.

Cadmus smiled.

"I would like to come to you as a free man, free of all bonds, to respectfully ask for your daughter Harmonia's hand in marriage. I swear to you that I will protect her every day of her life with my own."

Ares appraised Cadmus silently.

"You are a strong lad, which is apparent. You are brave and true, as you have proven. You are a man of your word, which is commendable. My question is: Will you be a good husband to my daughter?"

Cadmus nodded without hesitation. "I will."

"Will you honor her?"

"Yes."

"Can you manage her?"

There was absolute silence, then the entire room erupted into laughter. Even Cadmus himself chuckled. Ares' eyes were twinkling.

"You think that I jest, but my daughter has more spirit than you might realize. So, again, I ask you, can you handle her?"

My cheeks burned once again as I waited for Cadmus' response. I stared at my feet until Cadmus reached over and lifted my chin with one finger.

"I promise that I will work as a partner to your daughter. I will try to be a strength to her weaknesses, and listen when she advises me on mine. If she can handle me at my worst, I can handle her at hers."

The room was utterly silent at the perfection of his answer. My heart swelled in my chest at his words, at the sweet tone of his voice, at the warmth in his chocolate brown eyes. If my father didn't grant his permission within the next minute, I felt that I might quite literally die.

Ares turned to me, the laughter gone from his eyes.

"Do you want to marry this man even though he is mortal?"

My answer was immediate.

"Yes."

My father stared at me for a moment, reading my thoughts, studying my face.

"So be it," he finally replied. "Be happy, sweet daughter." Turning to Cadmus, his tone firmed up. "Make her happy," he instructed sternly. He puffed his chest out as only the god of war could, creating an ominous, commanding presence.

Cadmus didn't even flinch. "Yes, sir."

Ares sat back down. "Very well, then." He turned to Zeus who was seated at the head of his table next to his wife, Hera. "Zeus, do you have anything to add? Do you approve this union?"

My grandfather stared at me quietly, his white-silver hair standing up crazily on his head as it always did. He seemed to stare directly into my soul and he was silent for minutes on end. It was unsettling. Finally, he spoke.

"I foresee that you will have many, many adventures in life. You will love each other deeply. Never forget to hold tight to that love. It will sustain you no matter what comes, no matter what you may face."

"Yes, grandfather," I agreed.

Zeus turned to Cadmus. "Since you did not return to Tyre with Europa, am I safe to assume that your father will not welcome your return now?"

Cadmus' expression hardened. "I assume that is correct. My father has not contacted me in any way throughout the past eight years. I assume that he has taken another heir to his throne. I am free to continue about my own destiny."

I froze. We would not need to live in the mortal world?

Zeus smiled. "Ah, my son. You will soon discover that there is no such thing as 'your own destiny.' Our destinies are often intertwined with and determined by others. In life, we make choices and decisions based on the actions of others, therefore re-carving our destinies time and time again. You will have a long, twisted path in life, Cadmus. But your life will be worth it."

I stared at my grandfather in puzzlement. A long, twisted path?

Zeus ignored my gaze, choosing instead to continue speaking to Cadmus.

"Because of your bravery in saving Ortrera and Harmonia and because you have served your sentence with honor, I offer you this gift. During your travels to find Europa, you built a small city called Cadmea. It has grown in your absence and is a bustling and successful metropolis now, frequently referred to as Thebes. I make you this offer: You can, if you choose, live in Thebes as ruler. You will be king of Thebes, and Harmonia will be your queen."

Cadmus was silent, considering the offer. I chose this moment to interject.

"Grandfather, will Cadmus remain mortal? I ask, because based on his bravery alone, I think that it would be reasonable to suggest that he be granted immortality. I do not wish to watch my husband grow old and die in front of me."

Zeus studied me for a moment. His silver eyes reflective.

"What you say is true, granddaughter. And I have taken it into advisement. However, if you choose to live in the mortal world, you must do so as mortals. But I offer you this option: You may live as mortals until such time that you would like to return to the Spiritlands and make this your home. At that time, you will regain your immortality and I will grant immortality to Cadmus, as well.

"In doing it in such a way, you would gain the best of both worlds. You will experience mortal life while at the same time ensuring that you will also live forever at any time that you choose. The one caveat is that you must not die while in the mortal world. If you do, your fate will pass from my hands to my brother, Hades, since he is the god of the dead. And he is well-known for wanting to keep souls in his kingdom, the Underworld. It is not likely that he would allow you to leave. So, in taking this deal, you would be taking a risk. But Harmonia, bear in mind that sometimes in life, the greatest things are attained by risk-taking."

I swallowed. Then swallowed again. Turning to me, Cadmus took my hands.

"What do you think, Harmonia? I will not force you to live in the mortal world if you do not wish to do so. I think we would have magnificent adventures, though. With you by my side, there is nothing that we cannot do. I fully believe that. And then after we are tired and have accomplished much, we can return here to your home and live here together, forever. What do you think?"

Every eye in the room was upon me as I pondered the choice. Zeus was correct. It was a risk. If I died while in the mortal world, I would instantly be removed to the Underworld where I would live under Hades' rule. His warning from months ago returned to me and I almost shuddered. Had he been trying to tell me something? Did he foresee that my mortal life would end badly?

I stared into Cadmus' eyes, and found them to be warm and true. I knew, in that one instant, that I would go anywhere he wanted me to go. I would take any risk that needed to be taken, as long as I was by his side. I pushed Hades' warning from my thoughts and nodded.

"I will go with you." Turning to my grandfather, I added, "Someday we will return to Olympus and I will resume my place as goddess of peace and harmony. Until that time, I will rule Thebes at the side of my husband."

The entire room erupted in applause.

Cadmus pulled me to him gently and any lingering doubts that I had vanished with his kiss.

Chapter Ten

My home in the mortal world, in the city called Thebes, was almost as beautiful as the home I had just left in the Spiritlands.

Thebes, just as my grandfather had described it, was busy and successful. Our palace was situated in the center, so that we could see every angle of the city. Our palace was made from the finest of stones, of marbles, granites, limestones and onyx, not that it really mattered to me. Finery was fine, but it wasn't necessary. I found that all I really needed was Cadmus. And very soon, he would officially be mine.

I decided within a few hours of arriving in my new home that the mortal world wasn't nearly as dismal and horrible as so many of my friends and acquaintances had always made it sound. Not even close. It was actually lovely here. The weather was tropical and warm, the sun bright and cheerful. I most certainly could not complain about the beauty.

The people of Thebes had welcomed me with open arms, as well. They were a colorful and loud people and they already respected me for giving up a life on Olympus to be with their King. Although, in all honesty, it wasn't nearly the hardship that they imagined.

We had invited the entire city to our wedding this evening, as well as the Olympians. It was to be a grand affair, much grander than I needed, but exactly as grand as my mother thought it should be. Aphrodite simply could not resist putting together a party of epic proportions.

"Harmonia," she called, entering the sitting room portion of my suite.

She padded lightly across the woven rugs and cool marble floors before she stood in front of me. She was radiant today, in a mint gauze gown and silver jewelry that matched her eyes. She held out her hands.

"Are you ready to see your gown?" she asked excitedly. "It is going to look beautiful on you. We hired the services of the best seamstresses in the city, so your gown is actually made by local mortals! I thought that would be a nice gesture."

Aphrodite chattered excitedly as she led me to where my wedding dress was hanging. Strangely enough, I didn't care what it looked like. I simply wanted this day to be over so that I could begin my life with Cadmus. I felt as though I was in limbo right now, simply waiting for my life to start. But very soon, we would be together. We would be married and it would be official.

He would be mine.

Because of that thought, I was able to patiently smile at my mother.

"Alright. Show me."

She pulled away the sheets and my dress hung before me. She was right, as she almost always was in these matters. The gown was beautiful. It was strapless and the bodice was made from lace. The gauzy skirts were made from the finest of silk with pearls embedded in the hem and the voluminous fabric seemed to float to the floor. It was simple and elegant, exactly my taste. I turned to my mother.

"Thank you for keeping it simple. I love it. It's perfect."

"I know," she agreed happily.

My mother continued chattering as she called in my new maids and everyone began the process of making me beautiful for Cadmus.

My long dark hair was twisted into an elaborate chignon, my eyes were made up intricately with green cosmetics, my lips were painted with red. My mother and my servants had just buttoned up the hundred pearl fasteners that lined my back when there was a knock on the doors to my suite.

A maid quickly appeared to me with Hephaestus, my step-father, limping at her heels. He had limped for as long as I had known him, the result of a birth injury.

The girl bowed low. "Your step-father, your highness."

"Thank you," I told her, then looked in confusion to Hephaestus.

He and I didn't interact very much, since he obviously detested my father. I was a product of Aphrodite's dalliances with Ares. I couldn't quite blame Hephaestus for not wanting me in his sight. I was a visible reminder of my mother's constant betrayal.

"Hephaestus," I greeted him, kissing both of his cheeks. Hephaestus was a giant of a god, so I had to stand on tiptoes. "I'm so happy that you came."

"I wouldn't dishonor Aphrodite by missing her daughter's wedding," he told me gruffly. "Every other Olympian is in attendance. I should be here as well."

"Well, thank you, all the same," I told him awkwardly. Hephaestus wasn't known for his social graces.

He thrust a large velvet box into my hands.

"Your wedding gift. I made it myself. I thought you might like to wear it to the ceremony, as a reminder of home."

Surprise rushed through me, then warmth. Perhaps he didn't hate me, after all. It was an interesting turn-of-events, but my very nature craved peace. I would accept any olive branch that he cared to offer me.

I snapped the velvet lid open and gasped. Nestled among silk, a perfect red bloodstone glistened from the white folds of fabric. It was at least three inches long and hung on a glittering, thick golden chain. It was quite a stunning olive branch.

"It's beautiful," I breathed. "It must be very rare. I've seen many green bloodstones, but rarely a red one."

"It is most assuredly one of a kind," he replied. "I thought it would look lovely on you." He stepped around Aphrodite, ignoring her astonished expression, and lifted the heavy necklace from the box. Unclasping it, he fastened it around my neck.

It came to a rest against my chest and I felt a shiver of cold run down my spine from the cool stone. It was large, the side of half my fist, a crimson blood-red with dark black veins running through it. I ran my fingers along its face, enjoying the cool smoothness of the stone.

"Thank you, Hephaestus," I gushed to my step-father. "This will be my favorite gift today, I am sure of it. It is breath-taking. And so very thoughtful of you."

He flushed, a rare show of emotion for him and then nodded his large head.

"I am glad you like it. As I was making it, I fancied that it might bring you fortune throughout the years. As my wife's beautiful daughter, you deserve any fortune that it might deem fit to bring you. Congratulations on your wedding, step-daughter."

He nodded once more and then took his leave, limping slowly across my sitting room to exit the double doors. I turned to my mother.

"How kind of him," I said in wonder. "I never would have thought that he would even bother attending my wedding, much less bring such a lovely gift."

"Yes, it is strange," my mother agreed, her eyes narrowed as she stared after him. "Very strange. But, let's not look a gift horse in the mouth, right? The necklace is beautiful and he is right. You look lovely in it."

I fingered the cool stone again. It was such a heavy presence in my fingers and resting against my chest. It was a piece with substance. It felt just right against my skin.

"I think I'll make it my signature piece," I mused to my mother as I studied myself in the mirror. "It definitely makes a statement."

She murmured her agreement as she messed with my skirts. She straightened and gazed at me in the mirror.

"You're right. It looks perfect on you. You should wear it often." She turned and faced me, fiddling with the bloodstone and then with my hair. "Oh, I almost forgot," she said, slipping her amethyst ring off of her finger. "I want you to wear this today, as well. You know that I wear it all of the time. I want you to wear it as you take your vows. It will bring you luck."

I slid it onto my index finger. "I feel very lucky and blessed already. Between my new necklace and your amethyst, I'll have all the fortune I'll need."

Aphrodite smiled and kissed my cheek. "You deserve it, my love," she whispered, wiping a tear from her eye. "You are the sweetest daughter any mother could have. I'm so blessed to have you. I don't know what I'm going to do without you." She sniffed and then sniffed again.

"Mother," I smiled patiently, accustomed to her rapid mood swings. "I'm not abandoning you forever. I'm not dying, either. I'm getting married. I'll still talk to you all of the time. I'm sure you'll visit often."

"Of course I will," she promised. She sighed. "It's probably almost time." Leaving my side, she peeked out my bedroom windows. "Yes, everyone is gathered. It's time, Harmonia."

My heart beat picked up and I was petrified and excited at the same time. In a few minutes, I would be bound to the man I loved for all of eternity. It was a daunting and delicious thought.

My mother accompanied me down the marble stairs, holding my elbow so I wouldn't trip in my skirts. Being cast mortal had made me a little clumsier than I once was. It had also taken away my superhuman speed and the ability to read minds, in addition to every other magical ability that I once possessed.

"Don't worry, my sweet," my mother whispered. "You'll get it all back someday. And no matter how old you are when you decide to come home, Zeus will restore you to the prime of your youth, just as you are today. You will be forever beautiful."

"Like you," I answered in a whisper. My mother hadn't aged a day in thousands of years.

"Like me," she nodded.

We descended into the courtyards which were fragrant and beautiful. They were also filled with as many people as could fit into the outdoor space. All of the townspeople, the Olympians, the minor gods and goddesses of the Spiritlands and even the Muses were in attendance. Hades was seated at the back and he turned to catch my gaze. His was impassive and guarded. He had already warned me. He wasn't going to waste his time doing it again. I shuddered slightly and then put him out of my mind, positioning myself at the top of the stairs.

My mother smiled. "Ready?"

I nodded.

As soon as we took our first step down the limestone terrace steps, Apollo began playing his lyre in the sweetest of songs. He was a gifted magician. As his musical notes filled the gentle breeze, the Muses began signing and my jaw snapped shut in surprise.

They rarely sang for mortals. For them to perform here, at my wedding, was surely a testament to the honor Zeus was bestowing upon Cadmus. My grandfather must truly believe Cadmus to be worthy of respect. It warmed my heart to know that the god of gods shared my views on the man that I loved.

And all of a sudden, there he was. Cadmus stood with Zeus and my father at the edge of the terrace, amid flowers and greenery and the bluest of skies. He was beautiful, so vibrant and strong, such a muscular warrior. Everything else faded away and before I knew it, I was standing in front of him.

His eyes were frozen on mine. His lips moved.

"You are beautiful," he murmured to me, raising my hand to press his lips to it.

We turned to Zeus, who said a few words to all of the attendees. The townspeople were in awe of this greatest of Olympians and a hush fell over the crowd when he spoke.

"We have traveled here today to witness my beloved granddaughter, Harmonia, joined in marriage to the brave Cadmus, previous slave to Ares, prince of Phoenicia and now King of Thebes. As Cadmus promised me and Harmonia's father, they will become a team, working to create a wonderful life. They have chosen to remain here, in Thebes, and so here today, I offer them to you, good citizens of Thebes. They will rule this land and lead you to even greater prosperity. And when they have done all that they can do here for you, they will return to me and live for eternity."

Zeus turned to me, his silver eyes glinting and serious.

"Harmonia, my sweet granddaughter. Do you wish to become the wife of Cadmus, King of Thebes?"

I nodded. "I do."

"Cadmus, King of Thebes, do you wish to become the husband of my granddaughter, Harmonia?"

He nodded. "I do."

"Then I now decree that you are husband and wife. I pray that your union is prosperous and that you have many sons and beautiful daughters . I pray that the Fates will bless you and the Muses will sing to you every night in your dreams."

Cadmus turned to me, cradling my face ever-so-gently in his hands before lowering his lips to mine in the softest of kisses.

The crowd cheered and clapped and I could hear glasses breaking in the excitement. I didn't care. All I cared about was feeling my husband's lips upon mine, the heat from his stare and the silk of his hands across my back. Suddenly, I couldn't wait until we were alone. A fire had begun in my belly and I knew it would be a slow burn until bedtime.

We turned and faced our guests, then took our first steps as man and wife.

* * *

The stone steps leading up to our bedchambers were longer tonight than they were this morning. Cadmus held my hand and led me along the way and my only conscious thought was to wish we were already there.

It had been a long evening. We had mingled with everyone at the party. I had been hugged, kissed, fawned over and cried upon. Cadmus had been passed around and ogled by every female in attendance. We were both bone-weary.

But definitely not too weary.

Cadmus opened the doors to our suite and I entered, turning to kiss him as soon as our bedroom doors were closed and we were alone.

His kiss was feverish now, not as gentle as it was earlier. But I understood. The fire that had been building in my belly was now consuming my entire body, every nerve ending aflame.

"Let's go to bed, wife," Cadmus murmured against my mouth.

I nodded, unable to speak. Instead, I folded into his warmth, his strength. I found that my legs no longer wanted to support me, so I clutched Cadmus. He scooped me into his arms and carried me easily to the bed, lowering me to the silken bedclothes.

"You are so beautiful," he whispered. "I'm a lucky man."

With the candlelight flickering behind him, I could honestly say that I was the lucky one. The world had never seen a more beautiful mortal than Cadmus. Not even Achilles was as handsome.

Cadmus pulled me to my feet and unbuttoned my gown for me, allowing it to fall in a puddle around my ankles. I stepped out of it and turned back around slowly as he gazed upon me. I stood, completely naked in front of him wearing only my bloodstone. I started to take it off, but Cadmus stilled my hand.

"Leave it," he said quietly. "It suits you."

He knelt in front of me, his hands clutched to my back and slowly kissed my belly, my ribs, my neck and then finally, when I was practically gasping for breath, he kissed my mouth once more.

"You were right," I whispered into his ear before I ran my lips along his cheekbone.

"About?" he asked huskily as he nuzzled my neck.

"You didn't have to ask me to take off my clothes."

I felt him smile against my skin and then he kissed me again.

And again.

And again.

"Do you love me yet?" I asked with a smile, but like always, I waited for his answer.

He pulled away from me and looked into my eyes seriously.

"I've always loved you, I think," he answered quietly. "From the moment you shot me in the leg."

I laughed quietly as I remembered that first day. I had been wonderstruck by him even then.

"So you love me?" I asked again.

He nodded. "Most definitely. I will love you for the rest of time."

I stared at him. "That's a very long time, you know. You're going to be immortal someday."

"Forever is a long time," he agreed. "And I'll love you every minute of it. But let us worry about eternity later. For now, let me love you this night. I promise, I will love you every minute of it."

"Promises, promises," I giggled into his ear as he rolled me over on the bed and hovered above me.

"I always keep my promises," he reminded me as he kissed a trail down my neck.

"Well, you've got all night to prove it," I told him as I ran my hands over his back, his shoulders, his hips. "You said you would love me every minute of it."

"Oh, I will," he promised again, kissing me soundly and deeply.

And he did.

Epilogue

I have been told that my story is one for the ages.

I don't know about that.

My story is one that has contained sadness and tragedy, happiness and laughter, hope and despair. And love. There's been a great deal of love.

But isn't that the case for every person, god or mortal? Every life contains laugher and love, while that very same life contains sadness and despair. Someone once said that without rain, there could be no rainbows and I have certainly found that to be true. There is always a balance in life...light with the dark, happy with the sad.

Life is not a promise of constant bliss. Life is a chance. A chance to love, to try, to fail and to try again. Life is about living. If there is any message that you can take from my story, I hope it is that.

Life is vivid and beautiful. You should grab it with both hands and never let it go, even when it seems bleak or gray. Because you know what? Tomorrow or the day after or the day after that, it will be sunny again. And love with prevail.

It always does.

Every love story has a beginning and this was mine.

So long ago, Cadmus promised to love me for every minute of forever. And would you like to know something? He has done exactly that. Our love has withstood time, tragedy and death.

Cadmus has walked by my side every day for the past two thousand years. Every night he holds me until I fall asleep, whispering that everything will always be alright, because he will make it so.

And he always does.

My husband keeps his promises.

