Chapter 1

The snarl coming from the power flux streaming through my body and out of my hands towards Ben was nearly deafening. It's as if a series of bombs were going off in the distance - in the spot where I was aiming all of it. I heard a scream that could only have been Samantha getting Finn's mindseye arrow surprise. Happy birthday, bitch.

A roar that sounded like a wounded and angry orc on a magically amplified megaphone came next, sending shivers up my spine. I worried that whatever it was would be coming for me any second. Was it Ben? Or maybe one of the Dark Fae ogres that had been trying to kill the Light Fae elves lined up to my left? - Elves I could no longer see or hear, but whose presence I could still sense in The Green somewhere.

I didn't let up and I didn't let go. I cast a glance over at Finn standing next to me, who was having a hard time withstanding the ferocious wind. "Get back inside!" I yelled.

Finn turned to go, but the storm blowing around us was too much. He bent over in an attempt to battle it, but it was no use. He started to get pulled away from me, towards Ben. I felt Scrum bump into me as he, too, was drawn away.

I started shouting in desperation and anger, unable to control the wild emotions that started erupting from me to join the forces of nature battling around us. No one was going to take my friends away from me, especially not Ben.

I kept up the flow but started simultaneously building a concentrated ball of power in my hands. It seethed and swirled, my last-ditch effort to blow Ben to smithereens. If I could launch this thing at him, I just knew something big would happen. I felt the ball's perfectly smooth sides, pulsing with energy. I gathered it in towards my chest and then, without hesitating or worrying about the consequences, sent it blasting out toward the place where I thought Ben was standing.

The sound that hit my ear a split second later was not what I had imagined it would be. I hadn't been sure what to expect exactly, but this wasn't it.

It's as if I'd suddenly lost most of my hearing. The percussion of a distant explosion shook the earth beneath my feet, but everything was muffled to my ear. I felt a flash of heat and immediately lost my sense of space and time. Moments before, there were fae all around me, both Light and Dark, and I was aware of the ground under me and my friends standing nearby in support, the sources of power that fed the beam of destruction coming from my hands. Surely there must be some fallout from the mindseye arrow that Finn had just launched at Samantha, aiming to kill; but I couldn't sense it. Any of it. I was lost in a kaleidoscope of greens and blues that made up the combined raw power of the elements Earth and Water.

I was afraid to let The Green go. I was even more afraid to stop combining Water and Earth to overwhelm my opponents. What if Ben was still there, waiting for me to lower my guard? What if Samantha was poised to send another bolt of white lightning at Finn or Scrum? The Dark Fae would be able to get into the Light Fae compound, my home; they would destroy my family - or turn them over to the Dark Fae side, sealing all our fates.

Images and snatches of memories flickered through my mind as I stood there frightened and confused - my father telling me my personality was going to get me into trouble some day; Tony, hugging me, telling me everything was going to get better after I'd failed a stupid history test; the looks on Dardennes' and Celine's faces when I explained why I had selected Mother Nature as my superhero of choice during my changeling interview. I had so gotten that one wrong. I wasn't superhero material. This proved it. In a moment of need, I had lost it - cracked.

I closed my eyes, trying to block out the visions, but everything stayed the same. I couldn't tell anymore what was real and what was imagined. My hearing issue made me want to reach up and rub the sides of my head, but I was afraid to move my hands. All I needed to do was make this worse than it already was - to send a rocket of power headed off in the wrong direction, frying the Light Fae elf warriors who had come to protect our home, fighting side by side with me.

In the wake of the boom that issued from my exploding power ball, I heard the steady buzz of white noise. A loud, fuzzy drone that wouldn't go away. I still couldn't see anything but the lights, swirling and twisting around each other, and I wasn't able to sense the presence of my friends either. I felt lost. Alone. And, man, did it suck.

"Jayne!" came Tony's voice, from off in the distance.

"Tony?" I asked, tentatively. Why is he here? Where is here? Am I still outside the gargoyle-symbol door, standing near the edge of the forest that marked the home of the Ancient One? Or had I sent us both into one of the Otherworlds?

"Jayne! You have to let it go! Stop now!"

"I can't. I'm afraid," I answered out into the colors swirling madly around me. My voice was weak, lame-sounding, which only served to make me pissed off at myself.

"Jayne, it's over! Come back to me! We can't get near you with your power switch on like that!" His voice was pleading now and he sounded scared.

The panic in my best friend's voice worked like a magic spell, snapping me out of the weird place I was stuck in. Tony needed me - I had to get back. And if he said it was over, it should be safe to drop the stream of energy still flowing out of me and towards the forest where Ben had emerged earlier. Tony would never lie to me.

At first, the power didn't want to leave. I could feel its resistance, urging against its forced retreat. I had to try and recall the technique that Valentine, the incubus, taught me, focusing on the power and reining it in. I knew at least one of the entities that came up through my Earth Element, the Ancient One, was there, reveling in the use of its essence above the ground. I pushed it back mentally, forcefully reminding it who made the decisions around here - me. I'm the boss of all this messed up shit. I may be a total screw up, but I'd decided long ago, if you're gonna screw shit up, you might as well own it. Meet me - Jayne - the girl who just couldn't seem to get it right.

"Good, Jayne, good. Keep going," pressed Tony, sounding a little less desperate.

"You're doing it, Jayne, good job!" urged Scrum, way too cheerful-sounding for how crappy this all felt.

"Take me over there! Put me on her shoulder!" yelled Tim's tiny voice.

I should have known they wouldn't be able to keep my stubborn pixie friend away for long. And him being here meant Spike was here too, since he was the one put in charge of Tim when the shit had so recently hit the fan.

I blinked my eyes hard a few times, trying to clear them of the greens and blues, but they wouldn't go back to normal. I turned my attention back to managing the flow of power and felt The Green now completely under control, waiting for my final order to go back into the earth.

"Tony?"

"Yeah, Jayne?"

"Can I let The Green go now? Is it safe?"

I heard a heavy sigh. "Yeah. It's safe."

"Don't worry, Jayne, I've got your back," assured Scrum.

I didn't know what Tony's sigh was all about - Tony's sighs usually carried a lot of meaning, but without being able to see his face yet, I couldn't guess what it was. He was a master at communicating with sighs and eye rolls. I was missing at least half of the equation without my eyesight.

I let The Green know that it could release Water and go back into the earth. I thanked it and tried not to feel awful about the fact that I'd used its pure essential light and rejuvenating combination of life forces to hurt another fae. We were at War, and it's the Dark Fae who had brought it to our doorstep. I refused to feel guilty about the consequences they had brought upon themselves.

The Water Element that I had finally learned how to bring into the mix felt different than The Green. It was sparkly, energetic, bouncy. It reminded me of Becky, which instantly brought a lump of sorrow into my heart. Please, please don't let her be dead. The last time I'd seen her, she'd just suffered a bolt of Samantha's witch power to the chest to end up lying in the grass with a death stare in her open, sightless eyes. But Becky had managed to teleport out of there somehow, so I was going to hold onto a sliver of hope that she was still alive as long as reality would let me.

Water proved to be harder to rein in and send back from where I had drawn it than Earth. Part of the problem was that it had come from many places. It felt a lot less concentrated and organized than The Green. Using it and trying to control it was more like herding champagne bubbles or something. I'd had champagne once at a cousin's wedding reception; it had made me sneeze, all that sparkly stuff getting away from me in my mouth and throat.

I had thought that when I had the two elements under control, everything would be back to normal, but when Water finally left me, the only thing that was different was the fact that I could hear better and I could put my arms down. I still couldn't see anything other than the weird lights.

"Jayne?" asked Tony.

"Yeah?" I said, worried, not sounding like my normal self at all.

"Look at me."

I heard whispering behind me. I couldn't tell who was doing it or what they were saying.

I turned in the general direction of Tony's voice, and tried not to wince at the gasp I heard from him. "What the hell's wrong, Tony? Why can't I see you?"

"Jayne, your ... it's ... your eyes. What do you see?"

"I see blues and greens, twisting all around, moving. What do you see?" I finished weakly, afraid I was now blind and that one of my colossal f**k-ups had made it happen.

"They're glowing turquoise, kinda like you just described, actually - not your normal hazel color. You can't see me?"

"No. Nothing at all, other than the swirls." I closed my eyes and it was the same. I wondered how long I could watch this stuff and not get nauseous. Hopefully it would become a non-issue very soon.

I felt his hand on my arm. "Come on. Let's get you to the clinic."

I resisted his pull. "Wait. Tell me what happened, first."

I felt Tim's weight on my shoulder as he joined me. "I'll tell you what happened."

"Go ahead, Tim. Tell me."

"Tim," started Tony, sternly, "I don't think it's a good idea right now ... "

But Tim ignored him, in typical Tim style. "What happened is you blasted the you-know-what out of those Dark Fae. Boo-yah! And the ones who were already dead on the ground? Gone. Poof! Disappeared. Samantha? Gone, but not before she got a nice pricking from Finn's arrow if I got the story right - I didn't get to see any of it firsthand, since someone saw fit to lock me away with a hungry incubus during all the good parts."

"What about the green elves? And Ben?" I asked, anxious for the response.

"Finn?" prompted Scrum, "She wants to know about Ben and the other green elves."

I heard footsteps come up on my right. Finn touched my hand, his fingers warm and dry. "The elves are fine. They've left for our forest campgrounds." He cleared his throat. "They took Falco's body with them. I'm not sure about Ben. There was a lot of wind. He may have left with it."

"Dammit!" I yelled. Falco, the sweetest green elf I knew, had fallen in battle, and the ass**le I held responsible had gotten away. "I wanted Ben dead!" Life was so unfair sometimes.

"Jayne, just relax," said Tony, taking my elbow again. "I'm not so sure you want that on your conscience. Let's just go to the clinic and see what we can do about ... your eyes."

I pulled my arm away from him again, calling out, "Scrum?"

"Yeah, right here," I felt his arm brush up next to mine.

"Show me to the clinic." I grabbed onto his elbow, refusing to let Tony help me. I was pissed he was trying to make me feel guilty for wanting to protect my friends.

"Jayne, don't be mad at me," said Tony, sounding very tired.

We began walking towards what I assumed was the gargoyle door leading into the Light Fae compound.

"I'm not mad. I'm just not in the mood for your 'Ben's a good guy' speech."

"That's not what I was going to say. I just worry that ... "

"Tony. Later, man," came Spike's voice from in front of me. "Let's get her seeing again and then we can worry about that stuff."

The sounds of several feet walking through the meadow grasses whispered in my ears. No one said a word as we made our way through the gargoyle door and down the hallway to the clinic. I couldn't help but wonder what had become of Ben, Samantha, Becky ... and my eyesight.

Chapter 2

"So what's the scoop, doc? When am I going to be able to see again?" Staying flippant about my problem was my way of having a positive attitude. The idea of being blind for the rest of my very long fae life was more than just a little bit worrisome. I'd be a sitting duck for any Dark Fae that came along, from pixie to dwarf to ogre, not to mention the fact that I'd be friggin blind. I liked seeing the world around me way too much to lose that ability and stay sane.

The fae doctor who'd been examining me and discussing various theories with his colleagues answered, "It appears as if you've suffered what we suspect is a temporary loss of vision brought on by the power surges you manifested and sent through your body. Based on the information shared by your friends, it seems as if your - er, non-traditional - means of controlling the power could be the problem."

"He means you suck at it," translated Tim.

"Yeah, thanks, Tim. Noted." I rolled my eyes and immediately heard a couple fae gasp in response. One of them quietly apologized.

"What's wrong?" I asked.

"Nothing," said Tony, gently.

I knew from the tone of his voice he was lying. "Tim? What is it? I know you'll tell me."

"I think that fae girl was grossed out by your glowy eyes going up into your head. But I could be wrong on that. I can't really see them from here."

I turned so he could see me and rolled my eyes again.

"Eeegads, woman, stop that. You look like a fae-eating zombie ready to go on a rampage."

"Oh. Sorry." Great. Now I was grossing people out. "So what should I do?" I asked, turning to face the spot where the doctor's voice had most recently come from. "Do you have any eyedrops or anything like that?"

"No. But we are going to consult with some of our witches to see if there are any spells that could hasten the healing for you. We will send a message if we are successful."

I held out my hand. "Scrum? You here?"

"Yep, right here." He took my hand and put it in the crook of his elbow.

"Take me to bed or lose me forever." Smiling at my own lame-ass Top Gun humor, I realized that there is one positive side to being blind - I couldn't see anyone's reactions to what I said, so there would be no guilty feelings if I made anyone flinch. Awesome.

Scrum cleared his throat nervously. "You mean to your room, right?"

"Yep. And if everyone's not too tired, I'd like you all to come with us so we can discuss what happened tonight."

I heard affirmations of assent around me, able to pick out everyone's voice but Tony's.

"Tony? Are you in?"

"Yeah," he sighed. "I'm in."

I wasn't going to beg him. If a guilt trip over my blindness got him there, then so be it. Besides, he was the new training coordinator. He obviously needed to get his ass in gear if we were going to have any hope of winning this war.

Just as we were leaving the exam room, Dardennes and Celine walked in. I could hear their voices and they sounded stressed, which was very strange coming from them.

"Jayne, you've been injured," said Dardennes, worry seeping into his voice.

"You could say that," I responded, wryly. "I hear it's temporary, though."

"That is truly a relief and welcome news," said Celine, taking one of my hands in hers and squeezing it. "What happened? We have been fighting off attempts at entry in front of five separate doors. Luckily we succeeded in driving them away. We heard that you and your friends did as well. We cannot thank you enough for your efforts on behalf of the Light Fae."

I gripped Scrum's arm hard as I thought about Samantha shooting Becky and those Dark Fae elves hitting Falco with that arrow, not sure that what we'd done qualified as a success. Scrum patted my hand reassuringly.

"Could we talk about it tomorrow maybe? I'm pretty tired." I totally wasn't in the mood to explain how much I'd messed shit up tonight, and waiting a day wasn't going to change anything.

"Yes, of course," said Dardennes. "We will be awake well into the night, so you're welcome to come join us after you've gotten something to eat, or even tomorrow, that would be fine as well."

"Tomorrow sounds good to me." I didn't feel like eating. Thinking about Falco and Becky made me too sad to even go into the dining hall.

"Tony? Will we see you with the gray elves tonight?"

"Yes, sir, after I've seen to Jayne."

"Very good, then. Until later or tomorrow."

We parted ways at the door. The rest of us went in the direction of the bedrooms, arriving at mine after quite a bit of stumbling on my part, thanks to the uneven stone floors, which originally looked pretty cool in their ancientness but now were the bane of my uninjured existence. One trip from the clinic to my room had already resulted in one slightly twisted ankle and a wrenched arm from trying to hold onto Scrum as I went down.

Once I was inside and seated at the head of the bed with my back against the wall, I began. "Okay, guys. First, thanks for coming. I know you're all super tired and would rather be in bed. Me too ... only sleeping not sitting ... and with none of you here ... but I want to know some stuff, and without eyes right now, I need more of your help than usual."

"No need to explain, Jayne. We're here for ya," said Finn.

"Yep. No place I'd rather be right now," said Spike. I could hear the smile in his voice.

"I don't have a choice. I live here," said Tim, sarcastically. I could tell, though, that he didn't mind.

I didn't wait for the others to chime in, continuing in a more subdued tone, "Okay, so first of all, I want to know about Becky and Falco. What's going on with ... ?" I couldn't finish because I was having a lot of trouble forcing the tears to stay away. I told myself I had to be military-minded about this, just for now - until everyone was gone and it was just Tim and me. But it was impossible to stay impassive about two of the nicest fae to ever walk this earth. My brain kept torturing me, recalling visions of their faces during their last moments in the Here and Now.

Finn cleared his throat, also clogged with emotion. "I don't know about Becky, but I can tell you that Falco didn't ... make it. The arrow pierced his heart, and it was spelled. If it hadn't been, he might have been okay, but ... "

"That's dirty!" yelled Tim, clearly incensed, his voice much higher than normal, "The fae don't play dirty like that!"

"Says who?" I asked, my ears not believing what they were hearing. "I've never seen one of those Dark Fae play fair yet."

"No, that's not true," insisted Tim. "The fae have an innate sense of fair play. We fight, yes - but we fight fair so the real, true winner comes to the fore. We don't stoop to those kinds of tactics."

"Well, apparently the Dark Fae do. So we need to step up our game." I turned in Tony's direction. "What do you think, Tony? You're the chess master, slash, training coordinator."

There was a pause while Tony measured his words. "Well ... I haven't been fae for long, so I can't speak about fair play from their perspective; but I can say that if we're not willing to make hard decisions, to spell arrows for example, then we will be at a distinct disadvantage. And Jayne affected the green elves' arrows with her power, so I don't see how that's any different."

"But where does it stop?" asked Scrum, quietly.

"Where does what stop?" asked Tony.

"Well, how far are we willing to go? Spelled arrows is one thing - but I can think of worse. And my grandma used to say, 'you can't un-ring a bell'. Seems like that could apply here."

Wow. The voice of reason coming from old keg-o-beer-himself. I was beginning to think that all of the daemons had secrets. First Jared, then Chase, now Scrum - hiding in the outward appearance of a clumsy oaf, but inside another story altogether.

"You're right, Scrum," agreed Tony. "There are some lines that we shouldn't cross. Torture is one of them, in my opinion. We shouldn't be doing things like that."

"Tim says we are," I said, without stopping to think about it first. As soon as it was out of my mouth, I regretted saying it. Now they knew Tim was a snooper. But the bell was rung, I guess. Come to think of it, I'd rung a lot of bells in my time that I'd wished I could un-ring. A lesson to contemplate another time.

"No, we're not," said Tony, firmly. "The gray elves are very clear about that. We don't use torture, and I'm totally in agreement with them on that. We don't need to do that to win."

"Well, Tim says someone's doing it here. He was outside a door when he heard someone inside being hurt."

"Tim, tell us what you know," demanded Tony. I could tell from the tone of his voice he was getting cranky. "Jayne, tell us what Tim was saying."

"Who? Me?" said Tim. "Oh, I was just messing around. It's nothing. Really." He yawned overly loudly.

I frowned in his direction. "Stop dicking around, Tim. I know you weren't lying before."

"I'm tired. I'm going to bed." Fake snores, coming from over near my dresser where his bed was stationed, reached my ears.

I rolled my eyes, earning only one gasp this time. Shit, I kept forgetting about the zombie eye thing. "Sorry. Listen, Tim. We need to find out what's really going on here. I don't like all the mystery and games. I've already completely trashed my eyes. Falco's dead. Becky's gone to who knows where. I feel like we're only working with half the information we need." I decided a little threatening was in order. "Come on. Cooperate. Or I'm gonna sic Maggie on you. Your wings will be fully grown, in what? Four days? Less maybe?" I had to give him both barrels - otherwise he was going to pixy around all night on this, and I was tired.

"You wouldn't!" he squeaked.

"Maybe not. But I would move you to Scrum's room. And put your stuff next to his pillow. So spill it. Give us the goods or you're outta here."

"You'd do that? Make me sleep next to gnome-head?"

Tim was disgusted by Scrum's belief that hair shouldn't be washed with shampoo - or anything else for that matter.

"Yes. Whatever it takes. So give it up. Who's torturing who and where?"

Tim grumbled some more but then he started speaking. "It was in a hallway far from here. I followed Dardennes there one day. I don't know who it was he was torturing."

"What?!" I said, shocked.

"What'd he say?" asked Finn.

"Who was it?" asked Spike. "Niles? I'll bet it was Niles. He's little, but he always looks like he wants to hit someone. And he's got that axe ... "

"No. Tim said it was Dardennes who went into the room."

"No way. I don't believe it," said Tony, firmly. "He wouldn't. Tim, tell Jayne exactly what you saw and heard. I'm sure there's a misunderstanding somewhere."

"I saw and heard what I just said. I flew down the hallway and followed Dardennes to a room where someone was being held. After the door shut, I heard screaming from inside. It sounded like torture to me. And I saw him go in there, so I don't know who else it could have been doing the torture."

I repeated his story to the others, then added, "I know when I was kidnapped by the Dark Fae, though, they had three people in the room at one point, and only one of them was actually doing the torturing."

"Yeah, but one of them was ordering it," said Tim.

"Tim's right. Only one was bringing the pain - but the others were telling him to do it. No one was innocent in that room."

"Well," said Tony, matter of factly, "the only way we're going to get to the bottom of this is to go see for ourselves. Who's going?"

"Right now?" asked Spike. "It's pretty late, don't you think? We already missed dinner."

"I'm not going to be able to sleep if I don't find out what's going on in that room," I said, standing next to my bed. "Scrum? Could you please lead the way?" I held out my hand for his elbow.

"Jayne, I'm not so sure this is a good idea."

"I know you don't. You never do, party pooper. Let's go."

Never one to fight me too hard on anything, Scrum shuffled over and took my hand, putting it on his arm. "I'll go. But it's under protest."

"Fine," I said, brushing his caution aside, "Who else is with me?"

I heard Tony's voice off to my right. "Get Tim, Spike. We're all going. Just in case."

I smiled. My friends were sticking with me, even though I'd pretty much shown I wasn't exactly worthy of undying, unquestioning support. Please don't let me screw this one up. I didn't know how much longer they'd stick around if I didn't start getting some things right - all the way right, not just partially, half-assed right.

We made our way down the hallway, walking a long distance that involved a lot of tripping on my part before we reached the door that Tim identified as the likely candidate. The torture chamber.

"What do we do now?" whispered Spike.

"I don't know. I hadn't thought this far," I whispered back.

"And you wonder why you're not on the war strategy team," snickered Tim.

I reached up quietly to flick him in the butt, but he moved out of range, grabbing onto my ponytail and hanging from it. I gritted my teeth to keep my retort from flying out. This was no time for games. There could a bleeding, angry Dark Fae behind this door.

"Give me some space, guys. I'm going to open it," said Tony in his trying-to-be-brave voice.

Scrum stepped back, taking me with him. I heard something clank loudly and then maybe feet, dragging across a stone floor with grit on it. The next thing I heard was the sound of the door creaking open, some chains rattling, and then the collective gasps of my friends.

"What?!" I whisper-yelled. "Who is it? What is it?"

Nobody was answering me, so I spoke up in a normal tone of voice. "Who the hell is in there, guys? Talk to me."

"Jayne?"

The voice that came from inside the room nearly stopped my heart.

"Chase?"

Chapter 3

"Chase? Is that ... you?"

"Yes," was the weak answer.

I dropped Scrum's arm and rushed headlong into the room, not caring that I couldn't see shit.

"Jayne! Stop!" yelled a chorus of voices.

The sound and urgency of it caused me to falter in mid-step. "Why? It's Chase."

"No, it's not, Jayne," said Spike, suddenly at my side, using his incubus speed to get to me first. He gripped me by the shoulders and pulled me back towards the door. I heard Scrum now, making that grunting sound that told me he was wrestling with someone who had put me in danger. It was mixed with the sounds of clanking chains.

"What's happening?" I asked weakly. I detested that tone in my voice, but I couldn't help it. I was at a complete loss. I hated not being able to see anything. I knew I'd heard Chase's voice. It had to be him sitting there. Why was Scrum putting him in the daemon squeeze?

"Oh, boy," said Tim in a slightly breathless voice, hanging onto my hair a little tighter than usual. "That explains it."

"What explains what, Tim?"

"The torturing. Or the yelling anyway. It's a buggane."

"What the f**k is a buggane, and why does it have Chase's voice?"

"What's he saying?" asked Spike.

"He's telling me what this thing is. What does it look like, Spike?"

"Well, it kinda looks like Chase, actually. Only ... hairier. And gross."

"Tell her, Tim, so she can tell us," said Tony, "What's a ... buggane?"

Tim cleared his throat and then used his best documentary narrator voice to explain. "A buggane is a low-fae creature in the Here and Now, usually a minor demon in the Underworld. While in the Here and Now, the buggane likes to dwell in caves and other dark and dreary places, usually near lakes and waterfalls. Buggane usually shun the company of other fae ... ," he dropped the narrator voice and continued, " ... which makes me wonder what he's doing in this room. He must have been snooping around or something for Dardennes to have brought him here."

I repeated what Tim had said as word-for-word as I could.

"Oh, and tell them that he eats human or fae flesh. And that he can take on the appearance and voice of certain people or fae if he so desires."

I shivered at the thought. "Tim says he can do some shape shifting stuff and he's a cannibal."

"No, that's not what I said! You have to tell the story right. And use the flair voice that I'm using. It's way better that way."

"Okay, so he's not a shape-shifter. He just can look like and sound like another person or fae."

Tim grumbled, "It's better when I do it."

"Well, get a bigger voice then," I said testily. "I need to know what's going on here, Tim, and I can't see shit, so stop messing around. I'm seriously running out of patience with you."

"Jayne," came the Chase voice, pleading from across the room, "Help me. I need to get out of here. How can I protect you if I can't be with you?"

I trembled at the sound, involuntarily backing away a step. "Holy shit, could that get any creepier?"

"No," said Finn, matter of factly. "It damn sure couldn't. He even looks kinda like Chase. He ain't no dead ringer, but he's close enough to fool me for a second."

I almost wished I could see this bastardized version of Chase, just because I missed him so much. But I was probably better off only having the real Chase in my mind. No need to give my nightmares any more material.

"So what's the deal, do you think? Why is he here?" I asked to no one in particular.

"Who cares? Let's get outta here," said Finn, obviously anxious to go.

"I want to talk to him," I said. I had no idea what information I could get from this creature, but I needed to know how he got here, and why he was impersonating or indaemonating Chase.

"So, uh, buggane. Why are you here?"

"My name is not buggane. My name is Chase."

"Your name is not Chase! Don't say that! Chase is my friend and I don't appreciate you taking over his voice like that."

"Well, he does," was the sly reply.

"I doubt it," I said angrily. "So tell me how you ended up here. You're Dark Fae, right?"

"Yes, I am Dark Fae. I'm here because I was taken by a Light Fae silver elf."

"Where were you when you were taken?" asked Tony.

"I was in the Green Forest."

"Where in the Green Forest?" I asked, impatient with his evasive answers.

"Near the place I believe you call the Infinity Meadow."

I had been there with Chase the day he was pixelated by Tim, just before I handed him over to the Dark Fae healer who somehow ended up recruiting Chase over to their side - one of my more spectacular screw-ups to date.

"What were you doing there?" asked Tony.

"Protecting Jayne from the orcs."

His words made me momentarily speechless, especially since they were said in Chase's voice and I couldn't see the bastardization of his face. Plus only a few fae knew I'd run into orcs out there.

"What?" said Spike, "that's a bunch of bull. You're pretending to be Chase and you eat ... people. You were probably there to eat her." Spike's voice came directly at me then. "Jayne, don't listen to this ... monster thing. It'll say anything to trick you, I'm sure of it." He sounded disgusted. "Let's just leave."

I held out my hand to stop him. Something about the buggane's voice, maybe because it sounded so much like Chase's, I don't know, but I had to hear his explanations. I hadn't decided yet that he was entirely full of it, especially because he knew about the orcs. And I had gotten away under pretty bad odds - four of them against Tim and me. I should have bit the big one that day, but I didn't. I had written my escape off as proof of my amazing skills of enemy evasion, but now I wasn't so sure.

"What do you mean, you were protecting me?"

"I was given that duty. The assignor didn't tell me why, only that I must do it to pay my debt. I have been unable to do this, so I have been in much pain." He let out a howl that made all the hair on the back of my neck and head stand up. A shiver passed through me, and I felt a corresponding one on my shoulder as Tim reacted.

Tim said tremulously, "Holy pixie butts, is there anything more creepy than a buggane cry? No, I think not."

"Is that the sound you heard, Tim? When you thought someone was being tortured in here?" asked Tony.

"Uh ... yeah. Maybe."

"He says yes."

"Okay, then, so maybe Dardennes wasn't torturing anyone in here."

"Maybe not," conceded Tim. "But he still has a prisoner. And he's been here for a while anyway."

"Back on track guys," I interrupted. "So, buggane, who was your assignor?"

"Chase of course. Your beloved daemon."

"How is that possible? He's been pixelated. He couldn't have assigned you, or whatever."

"Bugganes are liars," said Tim, "don't believe him."

"I can smell you pixie," the buggane said in a low, unnerving voice. "Don't think hiding in her hair will protect you from me." He continued in a more Chase-like voice. "But I'm not in the mood for pixie snacks today. Why don't you tell her about fae who are pixelated? It seems to me she doesn't have all the facts."

"Tim, what's he talking about?" asked Tony. The war strategist in him had to be feeling at a distinct disadvantage here, not knowing enough about pixelation. I know I was.

"Well ... I guess it's possible Chase assigned him the task of looking out for Jayne."

"How, Tim?" I turned to face where my friends were standing to pass on Tim's words. "He says it's possible Chase told him to look out for me."

Tim explained, "If Chase or someone who was with Chase had a debt to call in over this buggane, he could have ordered the assignment to pay off the debt."

"Even if he was pixied out of his mind and laughing his ass off? And what kind of debt? How would Chase have that with a buggane? He's just a changeling."

"Even all pixied out, you know Chase was still worried about taking care of you - he told us that when he rescued us. So, yes, he could have done it - he was with-it enough to stage our breakout. But how a buggane could owe a debt to Chase? I have no idea. You'll have to ask the buggane that one."

"Okay, buggane," I said, turning my sightless eyes toward the creature, "why did you owe a debt to Chase? Or was it someone else you owed?"

"My name is not buggane. It's Chase."

"No it's not!" I yelled, losing the edge to my voice as it started to tip into teary-sounding territory. "You are not my Chase. What's your real name?"

"While I am assigned, it's Chase; however, I can see it's upsetting you to see me in this way, so I will tell you my real name. You did ask me for it, after all." He paused for a moment, a wet sound coming from the general direction of its face, causing me to think it was probably licking its disgusting lips. "You can speak it aloud if you wish. My name is Gorm." He chuckled low and deep. "Go ahead ... say it."

"Your name is G... "

"NO!" yelled Tim. "Don't say it! Whatever you do, do not say his real name."

I leaped in fright at the sound that erupted from where Gorm sat chained. He had started howling again, and the sound mixed with the clanking chains made me feel like vomiting in anxiety because it wasn't just unintelligible sounds this time, it was angry words spoken with absolute viciousness. "Eeeaaaat yoouuu! Piiiiiixiiiieeee! Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!!"

I backed up until I was in the doorway, surrounded by my friends. I swallowed hard, barely getting the words out, "What did I almost just do?"

Tim's voice was shaking as he answered, "You were four letters away from becoming a buggane meal along with all of your friends here. Me included. Can we please go now? I think I might have peed a little. I need to go change my pants."

Great. Pixie pee in my hair. Could this day possibly get any worse? No, I don't think so. Right now, I was more afraid than I'd ever been of anything in my life, unsure if it was Gorm himself causing me to feel this way or the fact that I couldn't see any of the horror I could hear and otherwise sense. But I had to know more. I took a deep-shuddering breath and continued.

"Chase-monster ... I need you to answer one more question for me. No ... wait ... two more questions."

All I heard was heavy, growly and gurgling breathing in return, which I decided to take as a positive sign.

"First, what debt did you owe to Chase?" I battled to keep my voice steady, "And second, why are you screaming in here like this? Are they torturing you?"

"I will answer your questions, fae girl, because I will consider my debt paid to Chase once I am freed and report back to him that you are still alive, in spite of the Light Fae having locked me away during my assignment." He took a rattling breath. "I owed a debt to Chase because he and I served together in the Overworld, and when I fell, he made sure I only fell this far - to the Here and Now - and not all the way to the Underworld where I was intended." He paused to take another gross-sounding breath and then continued, "And as for your second question, I scream because until my assignment is complete, I live to serve you, and I have been kept from my assignment. It is painful for me. Also ... I am quite hungry."

I was too stunned to speak, but Tim wasn't. "It's probably a lot less painful for you in here than it was in the past for one of your unsuspecting dinner guests!"

Gorm answered slowly, his words dragging out, one at a time, "I can hear you, pixie. I can smell you ... and I can hear you."

The thought of this thing, smelling and hearing Tim or me or any of us, was creeping me out. I could only imagine what it was doing to Tim, still partially wingless and as helpless as a baby. He was probably peeing some more. I was going to have to change my shirt for sure. I wondered if pixie pee left permanent stains.

Gorm continued, "Consider, as you scorn me, that I do not choose to be the fae I am. I do what is in my nature, just as you do. Just as you did with Chase, pixie. And you cannot stop nature ... isn't that right, Jayne?" And then he started laughing maniacally, like a deranged killer locked up in a nuthouse.

"Okay, that's enough for me." I'd reached creeped-out overload. "I'm ready to go ... Scrum?"

He said nothing, but I heard heavy feet stepping toward me and then felt his dry hand take mine and put it on his arm.

As I walked out the door, I turned my head back towards Gorm. "When I get my Chase back, I'll have him release you."

"That may be a very long time," said Gorm.

"Not if I can help it," I said, angrily. There was some serious next-level shit going on here that I planned to get to the bottom of - as soon as I had a damn shower and at least six hours of sleep.

We all walked carefully out of the room, Spike securing the door behind us and double-checking the lock. I could hear the agitated clanking of Gorm's chains as I walked away, heading towards my bedroom. I tried not to shiver in fear, but it was impossible. Now I knew where the term 'boogie man' had come from.

We all walked back to my room and then everyone said their goodbyes before leaving.

Tony stood in my doorway, the last one to go. "You sure you're okay?"

"Yeah," I sighed. "Thanks, Tones. I'm just gonna go to sleep. Screw the shower. I'll do it tomorrow."

"See you at breakfast?"

"Yeah." I heard Tony's footsteps as he moved closer to me. I waited and soon felt myself drawn into a warm, comforting hug. I squeezed him back hard. "Thanks. I needed that."

Tony laughed softly. "It wasn't for you. It was for me."

"Wimp."

"Toughie."

"Stop. You're making me blush."

Tony pulled away. "I know you can't see me, but if you could, you'd see how proud I am of you right now."

"Oh, gaggery," said Tim's sleepy voice from the dresser. "Save it for the wedding, would ya?"

I felt my face start to burn, and I stepped back in the direction of my bed, ignoring my cranky roommate. "Be proud when I finally get something right."

Tony walked towards the door. "You've done plenty right, Jayne. You know it. Stop being so hard on yourself. I'll see you in the morning. Well, later in the morning, I guess."

"'kay. G'night."

The door closed softly behind him. I stripped off my jeans and pulled my tunic over my head, walking over in the direction of the dresser with my hands held out. "Where are you, Tim? I need a homing beacon."

"Here, here, here, here, here, here, no, not there, yes, here, here, heeeeeeeere ... "

I banged my hand on the dresser drawer. "Ow! Shit, that hurt."

I reached inside and pulled out a new shirt, not caring that I was going to put it on over my dirty body. My brownie Netter was just going to have to deal. Maybe I'd give him two chocolate tokens to clean our room tomorrow - especially since there was pixie pee in the laundry.

I walked back carefully towards my bed, managing to stub my toe on the corner of it. "Motherfucker!" I yelled out. I'd had about enough of this blindness to last me a lifetime. I laid down in bed with my throbbing toe, getting under the covers as gingerly as possible. I settled my head on the pillow and stared up toward the ceiling, trying to ignore the swirling blues and greens that still overwhelmed my sightless eyes.

"So, Tim. What do you think about what Go... that buggane said?"

I waited a couple seconds and heard nothing. Then the sawing of wood commenced. Tim had fallen asleep.

I sighed. Damn pixies. Can't hang worth a shit. That was the last thought I had until I was awakened at five-thirty in the morning for breakfast by a pixie singing very loudly and very off-key.

Chapter 4

We all sat around the breakfast table, freshly showered and changed. I had much higher hopes for today, now that we'd faced down a substantial Dark Fae threat and for the time being at least, remained Light Fae, not yet taken over by the Dark. Also, my vision was slowly coming back, which was the best news I'd had in days. I couldn't see perfectly, but I could see way better than I did yesterday. Everything was a little fuzzy and had a bluish tinge to it, but I could tell I was on the road to recovery.

The only glitch was that Tim kept insisting my eyes were still all swirly with that crazy blue-green color. I couldn't really tell when I looked in the mirror since my vision was still too hazy for me to see details. I decided not to worry about it. There was probably a witch somewhere in this place who could hook me up with a spell or something - but only after I dealt with more pressing issues, like Becky. We still didn't know what had happened to her, and that was worrying me more than my eyes. My plan, after we ate, was to go see Naida, the siren of the lake - the fae Becky spent most of her time with.

Scrum sat two seats away from me, eating a double portion of wiggly meats, hardly pausing between forkfuls. I could see the movement and hear the sounds. Even with my imperfect vision, it was nauseating.

"Damn, boy, you ain't gotta eat it all at once," said Finn, so intrigued he'd stopped eating his own breakfast.

"God, it's like a train wreck, watching him eat. I can't look away," said Spike, distractedly.

"Forry, guyv. I'm fuper hungry wite now fo fome reavon."

"Oh, man," I said laughing in disgust. "That's gross." I had to look away. "Where's Tony?" I asked no one in particular.

"Dunno," said Spike, still watching Scrum and wincing at something I refused to look over at.

"Probably in the war room," said Tim. "Telling them that stuff the buggane told us."

I watched absently while he manhandled a strawberry on the table, using his tiny pixie knife to cut parts of it out and eat it. He looked especially good today, having taken extra time with his hair. I could see him better from this farther distance than when he had been closer to me.

"You're lookin' good this mornin', pixieman," I said, yanking his chain. He hated it when I called him that.

"You too, buggane-lover. Especially those psycho eyes. Nice touch. Adds a little something to your look. Suits you."

I refused to rise to his bait. "So, what's on the agenda? Training? Anyone know?"

"No. Assembly," said Spike.

"Oh, for shit's sake," I said, my happy, positive mood going right in the toilet. "Am I going to be up in front again?"

Finn smiled. "Naw. For once, you're gonna be in the audience. Tony's gonna be up there, though, along with all them gray elves."

"Thank the Overworld," I said, relieved, now feeling a little better. A small part of me thought I should probably be standing up there with him, for moral support or whatever, but the selfish part of me said that the gray elves would do that for him. I wanted to be shouting from the seats for a change. Heck, who knows? It could be my one and only chance to act like the irate and affronted fae in the cheap seats.

We finished our breakfasts and followed groups of fae walking to the assembly hall. We got there early enough to sit in seats in the middle, but we chose some in the back, in the last row, instead. I wanted to get a good view of the whole scene playing out in front of us, and not being able to see the fae sitting behind me with this crappy eyesight made me nervous for some reason. Finn left us to go sit with the other green elves, but Spike sat with Tim, Scrum and me, saving a seat for Valentine, the other incubus in the Light Fae compound.

Within five minutes, the place was packed to capacity and the gray elves were milling around in front of the raised seats of the council members. A witch eventually took the seat we were trying to save for Valentine, since he was nowhere to be seen. I heard Dardennes' voice calling out for everyone to be seated, and the presentation began.

The gray elves each took turns telling us the current status of the war against the Dark Fae. Nobody was calling it anything else now - it was official. We were at war. It was almost surreal, even after having been in an actual battle. I never thought as a teenager that I'd be fighting in a real, armed conflict like this. I understood why it was happening, but I didn't like it. There were too many connections between the Light and Dark Fae. Even family members. Celine, the silver elf who was Dardennes' constant companion, had her sister over there - Dardennes' wife, actually. And now Chase was there. If there were ever a battle between him and me, I wouldn't fight. I'd just put my hands down at my sides and let him come get me. Maybe that's because I really felt like he'd never hurt me. But ... still. It just wasn't right to hurt your friends like that, even if they did have a fundamental difference of opinion about certain things.

Tony was looking through the crowds as if searching for something, and then his eyes locked on me. He was nodding his head silently. I nodded back. He must have been vibing me again. His empath skills had really come along since he'd arrived here. He could feel the emotions of just about everyone in this room, but me more than anyone - not just my feelings but my thoughts too. I don't know if it was our friendship that linked us, or something else. I had hated it at first, but now, not so much. It was nice to be connected like this to my best friend. Circumstances being what they were in the compound, and the fae war stuff in general keeping us apart a lot, it was hard to understand how our vibe connection could stay so strong ... but it did. I liked knowing that no matter what, he was always just a thought away.

My attention was drawn to a green elf from the audience who had started speaking in response to a gray elf question.

"Yes, we had a skirmish outside the infinity door, in the meadow. We lost four of our green elves there. The Dark Fae had a company of elves and ogres. We were overwhelmed."

"They seem to have a greater number of forces - is that the impression you had in the field, Robin?"

Robin, the head of the green elves, responded, "Absolutely. In every case, except one, we were outnumbered two to one."

The old fart on the council who'd never made a secret of his dislike for me said, "What case was the exception?"

Robin looked at the council and then back in my direction. I couldn't see his facial features, but I could see his head turned in my direction. "We had Jayne outside the gargoyle door. She used her powers to enhance ours. We were able to hit all of our targets, even in the middle of a maelstrom brought on by a wind and fire elemental."

The twittering of voices rose up and I felt several eyes upon me. "Damn, so much for being invisible," I muttered to Spike.

He grabbed my hand and squeezed it. "Don't worry. We're here for ya."

I reached over and put my other hand on Scrum's warm forearm, finding comfort in his bulky presence. He patted my hand briefly. He, apparently, wasn't worried, but I kept a hold on my two friends. I was feeling seriously wimpy today for some reason.

"Just tell 'em like it is, Jayne. Don't take any crap from that crusty old man-witch," said Tim, all full of pixie fight.

I was glad someone was. I just wanted to disappear into the seat cushions. It was decidedly unlike me, but I'd had enough of the fighting for right now. Maybe tomorrow I'd feel like killing Ben again.

The unwanted attention turned from me when the gray elves began to summarize our losses and the number of battles that had actually been fought yesterday. There were five in total, and we'd lost eight elves, one ogre, nine dwarves, and possibly one water sprite - the jury was still out on Becky, which made me sad and hopeful at the same time. I didn't even know we had that many dwarves around - I'd only ever seen two of them. I was told before that whenever there was a fight, we lost more dwarves than any other of the races. They were the feistiest of all the fae, and too small a lot of the time to effectively fight the enemy.

Niles had made it through, though. He stood in his usual place behind the council table, scowling at everything that was said. I wondered what he'd look like without all those angry wrinkles on his face. I was trying to picture it when Tony's voice caught my attention.

"With regard to the reinforcements, we have several flights contracted to bring them in. The call has gone out and we have had an overwhelming response. Approximately two hundred and fifty Light Fae, mostly from North America and Europe will be coming in to join us. Everyone here will be expected to either share a room in the compound with one of the newcomers or make accommodation for them out in the forest. We will make every effort to consider each of your, um, proclivities as we make the room assignments."

"Proclivities?" I whispered to Spike. "What the hell is he talking about? Is that even a word?"

"Yeah. It means they're not going to put an incubus with a hot elemental." He looked at me and moved his eyebrows up and down suggestively.

"Oh. No sexy time during war, is that it?"

He laughed quietly. "Something like that."

"That's a relief," I said, without thinking.

Spike raised his eyebrow at me in question. "Meaning ... "

"That I'm too busy for any of that right now."

He nodded, saying nothing and turning back to the gray elves.

One of the witches in the audience asked how many Dark Fae had died during the battles, and my ears perked up at this.

"We are not sure of the exact number, but we know at the gargoyle door the count was approximately twenty. That was our most successful defense."

Robin's head turned towards me and then he stood. So did all of his green elf friends. Every single one of them put their fisted hands over their hearts and bowed slightly in my direction. I felt my face flaming up.

"Mooootheerrrrrrrr," said Tim in his best ghost-haunting voice.

"Shut the f**k up, pixie, before I feed you to the buggane," I whispered angrily.

Tim gifted me with a pixie fart that I could do nothing about since we were hemmed in on all sides by fae who were staring at me.

Unable to force myself to smile, I nodded my head to Robin and his group, hoping they would hurry up and stop that saluting crap and sit back down. I didn't feel like I was worthy of any pledges or bows right now. Falco, and Becky possibly too, had died. That was not a success as far as I was concerned. I got all angry at myself again, my good mood disappearing completely. Damn this war to hell. Why can't we all just get along?

I stood up when the signal was given that the meeting was over, namely the council getting up and walking out. I stood in front of my seat, waiting impatiently for the fae to the side of me to move out into the aisle so we could follow and leave.

"Hello, lovelies, what did I miss?" came Valentine's lispy voice from the end of the row, accompanied by a brilliant smile.

"Stop being so cheerful. There's a war going on, you know," I said, grumpily. Valentine was always happy, just like Becky, only with a little tinge of danger to his glee. If he wasn't so flamboyantly g*y, I'd probably be attracted to it. Right now, though, it was just annoying.

"Ooooh, grouchy. You sound like you need a little incubus love. What's the matter? Spike not up to the task? You can always call on Valentine when you're in need, babycakes. You know I'm here for you."

I rolled my eyes, ready to let him have it, but he interrupted me.

"Oh my goodness, will you get a load of those eyes? Mmm-mmm-mmm, aren't you just the most viciously gorgeous thing I've seen in a long, long time? Come here, precious ... let us have a look at you."

I could see his hands held out like some old granny getting ready to squeeze my cheeks.

"Uhh, no thanks."

"Come here, elemental," he said, all humor and lisp gone from his voice. "It's not a request." The dangerous glee edge in his eyes just got plain old dangerous. All the glee was missing.

I sighed, properly cowed. "Fine. Here I am. I'm half blind. Are you happy?"

He took the sides of my head in his hands and peered into my face. At least, that's what it looked like he might be doing. All I could see was a blur this close. I had been able to see him better from far away. He was turning my head from side to side, viewing my eyes from all angles.

"Tsk, tsk, this is a problem, isn't it?"

"It's better than it was yesterday."

"And how's that, sweetness? Were they bluer before? Because I highly doubt that. You are as blue as blue can be. All tangled up in the elements, aren't you? Poor baby."

"No, I meant, at least I can see a little now. Yesterday I was blind."

"Yes," he said distractedly as he continued to examine me, "I imagine you were. You're lucky to be seeing anything, really." He dropped his hands from my face.

"Why do you say that? What do you know about this?"

"Oh, just a little something, perhaps."

I felt other fae pushing past us to leave, and part of me wanted to go with them, but another part of me wanted to talk to Doctor Valentine here and find out what the hell was up with my eyes.

"Tell me what's going on with me, Valentine. Seriously. The doctors don't have a clue."

"That's because they're too young."

"I seriously doubt that. Tim told me the one who examined me was a crusty geezer."

"He'd have to be as old as Celine, Anton, and myself. He's not. I've seen this before."

"Where?" I was almost afraid to hear the answer. He was being a little evasive, which wasn't like him at all. He normally liked saying things just for their shock value.

"With the elemental who used to live here. We lost him though. He took to his element and eventually never came back."

I swallowed hard, my throat instantly dry. "So what does that mean about my eyes?"

"Well, lover, it means that whatever you did yesterday was some dangerous business. You're an elemental of not just one element, but two. Using and combining those two forces could get you more than you bargained for."

"How so?" asked Spike, now suddenly very interested in hearing more.

"Spend too much time in your element, Jaynie-poo, and you will become part of the element. Then it's bye-bye Here and Now and hello ... well ... we don't know what. Not the Overworld. Not the Underworld. You just ... poof! ... disappear." He used his hands like a magician to add flair to his explanation. He let his words sink in for a second and then said, "Well, babies, I'm off to go drink some delicious fae energy. Spike, care to join me?"

I turned to look at Spike's face, now very close to mine, and I could see the colors flaring up in his eyes, even if I couldn't see the swirling that I knew was there.

"Uh, yeah. Sure." He squeezed my arm. "See you at lunch?"

I shrugged. "Whatever."

I should probably have been jealous that he was leaving to go mess around with some fae girl somewhere, and possibly in a very sexual way, but I honestly couldn't allow myself to care enough. It's who Spike was, and although I found him incredibly sexy, I didn't really feel like he was good boyfriend material. Now, of course when he was kissing me, it was a different story. But I can't be held responsible for my feelings when I'm in the middle of something like that. No girl or fae could.

"So," said Scrum, tentatively, "I guess you'd better be careful about using your power like that again."

"Yeah," I said, noncommittally. Of course I didn't want to be lost in my elements, but if I could blast Samantha and Ben to the Underworld where they belonged? I'd probably do it again, even if it meant losing myself in the process. Besides, I wasn't so sure I believed Valentine anyway. I needed confirmation from a more reliable source, like Celine. I decided I was going to track her down, right after I talked to Naida about Becky.

"Scrum, are you going with me to see Naida?"

"I go where you go, Jayne, you know that."

"Okay then, let's blow this joint."

"Can you leave me in the room?" whined Tim. "Those water sprites smell like rotten fish poo."

"Tough shit. You're going. And watch out, or I'll throw you in the lake and make you swim for your life." Tim was making me seriously cranky today for some reason.

"You know, Jayne, that's really not funny. Some of those water sprites spend so much time in the water, they're more like fish than fae. And a wingless pixie looks an awful lot like a largish dragonfly. One bite and that would be the end of me."

"Well, then, I guess I can count on you behaving."

He pulled my hair.

I sighed. "And then again, maybe not."

Chapter 5

We arrived at the lake and saw nothing but calm, rippleless water. It amazed me that there could be so much activity going on beneath the surface, but somehow it didn't show above. I was happy to find that my vision had cleared enough that I could see some more of the details around me now.

I'd been in the lake a few times, mostly there to figure out my connection to the water; so I had an idea of how many fae were under the surface and that they had a whole community down there. I had finally come close to mastering the magic of entering the water without actually getting wet, but I still wasn't totally perfect at it. Something always came out damp; last time it was my shoes. So rather than wading in, I called to Naida.

"Yo! Naida! You in there? I need to talk to you about Becky!"

"Yeah! Fish lady! Come out, come out, wherever you arrrrre!" added Tim, obviously feeling very secure in my hair, foolish pixie that he was.

Moments later we saw the telltale signs of Naida's imminent appearance. It was like watching a Loch Ness Monster video. First came a disturbance out in the middle of the lake, then something moving just beneath the surface, headed in the direction of the shore.

"She's heeeeere," said Tim, eerily. It totally reminded me of the old Poltergeist movie, which once again made me wonder how Tim knew all of these human references, new and old. I shrugged it off, hoping I'd remember to grill him about it later.

Scrum remained silent. Ever since the battle, he'd been uncharacteristically quiet. It's like he was suddenly forced to grow up or something. I thought I'd be happy about that, but I found myself missing his constant, annoying prattle. Probably if it started again, it would piss me off all over, though - I guess that's just how I am. Never satisfied, always confused about what I wanted.

Eventually, Naida's form broke the surface, small waves streaming out behind her to send small swells across the water. She reached the edge where we were standing, walking completely out to stand in front of me. Of course she was dry from head to toe; not even a single strand of her hair looked damp. She was the Lady of the Lake, and one hell of an imposing figure. I had to look up at her because she had a good four inches on me.

"Hey Naida, what's up?" I asked.

She bowed her head to me, saying nothing. She was a woman of few words, but that was fine by me. Whenever she started talking, some of that siren stuff came out and made it hard for me to stay focused.

"I'm here about Becky. When we were fighting the Dark Fae yesterday, she was hit ... by a witch. I saw her land in the grass, and she looked ... " I had to take a moment to finish because the burning of unshed tears in my throat made it difficult to talk. I took a deep breath in and out to calm myself and then continued, "She looked ... dead. But then she transported away. Is she here? With you?"

Naida shook her head, saying no.

"Well, do dead fae normally just disappear like that? I mean, dead water sprites?"

Naida shook her head again.

This was frustrating. "So do you have any idea where she might be? Or if she's even alive?"

Naida shook her head once more, only this time she looked sad and not completely unaffected like she usually did.

"You miss her too, don't you?"

Naida nodded her head slowly.

I smiled, sadly. "She did have a certain way of brightening up the place, didn't she?"

Naida gave a weak smile and nodded again.

I reached out my hand to her, and she looked down at it - then she looked up at me, a question in her eyes. I gestured with my head at my hand, urging her silently to take it.

She slowly reached up, as if in a dream, and softly took my hand in hers; it was cool but dry. I pulled The Green up into my core, heedless of Valentine's warnings. As an elemental linked to Earth, I was born to do this - to channel this energy. If I was going to die from it eventually, then so be it. It wouldn't be right to keep this beauty and connection all to myself, refusing to share it with others out of fear of what might happen.

I wanted to comfort Naida the best way I knew how - sirens were a mystery in general, but as a living creature here in the Green Forest, I knew, if nothing else, she could appreciate the sensations of the Earth energy. I sent her some of that power that rose up from beneath us and through my hand.

Her eyes brightened at the contact, and when the surge hit her fully, her face lit up as well. Her mouth opened and a siren song began to come out, unbidden. Her eyes closed as she sang this haunting melody without words. The sounds washed over me - sad and at the same time, full of an emotion that felt more like renewal and hope than despair. I couldn't stop the trembling of my lips and chin and the tears that began to fall from my eyes - and I didn't want to. I looked at Scrum and saw that he too was crying. He didn't bother wiping his tears away either. I could even hear Tim sniffling behind my ear.

Naida opened her eyes and stopped singing, nodding her head at me and breaking away from my hold as she moved backwards into the water.

I raised my hand in a weak goodbye. "See ya, Naida. Thanks."

Scrum, Tim, and I stood quietly there together, until the movements of Naida's return to her underwater realm had subsided.

"Where are we going now?" asked Scrum in a quiet voice.

"I need a nap after that," said Tim. "I'm exhausted."

"No. No naps. We're going to see Celine. I need to talk to her about my vision issues." After connecting with Naida, I was seeing better than ever. I wasn't sure now if my vision problems were related to my using of the power, or how I was using it - or even, what I was using it for. Maybe Celine would have some answers.

"Come on," I said, "Let's go find that wild and wacky silver elf."

"What silver elf?" came a voice from behind me.

I whipped around to see Celine materializing out of a spinning cyclone.

"Where the hell did you come from? Are you trying to give me a heart attack or something?" I put my hand to my chest, trying to calm its runaway beats. I could feel the pulse pounding away in my neck too. I realized that I really should stop letting fae sneak up on me like this. It wasn't always going to be one of the good guys doing it. Scrum or no Scrum, I had to start watching my own back. Or maybe I could insist Tim ride backwards so I'd literally have eyes at the back of my head. But that would only work for about another week or even less, since Tim's wings were almost fully grown back. I don't know who was more excited about that, Tim or me.

"I came to find you," she answered in her typically calm tone. "Tony told me you would be here. Did you find out what happened with Becky?"

"No. No one seems to know. That's why I was coming to talk to you - and to ask you some questions about my eye problem."

She studied my face. "You seem to be talking to me as if you can see me, but your eyes look the same. How is your vision now?"

"It's better. Much better actually."

Celine gestured towards the woods. "Let's walk and talk, shall we?"

I shrugged, following her, not wasting any time in starting with the talking part. "It was already getting better - but then I had a moment with Naida where it kind of cleared up all the way."

"What were you doing when that happened? Anything special?"

"Well, I was sharing The Green with her and listening to her sing." I looked down while I talked, trying to be careful and not trip. I was partially successful, giving Tim a bumpier ride than he liked. Super powers do not help with grace, apparently. At least not with me. I went down to my knees twice, stupid branches getting in my way. I could probably use my connections to have a clear path swept for me by some branches, but it felt a little bit too much like an abuse of the power for my comfort. Damn the few morals I have.

She thought about my question for a second and then responded. "Perhaps it was using your power to help someone that caused your accelerated healing? You have healed others with The Green before."

"I don't know. Maybe. That leads me to another reason I wanted to talk to you actually. Valentine said something that bothered me earlier."

I could hear the smile in her voice when she said, "You should probably get used to that. It is Valentine, after all."

I had to smile back. "No, you're right about that. But it bothered me in a different way. I think he was actually being wise, as in smart, for a change and not just being a wise ass. He said that there was an elemental here before who got lost in his element. But first his eyes went all wonky, like mine are now."

Celine sighed. "Yes. We had a wind elemental here before. We silver elves were close to him for the most part, since we are servants of the wind. At least in the first few hundred years of his life, we were close. But slowly, we did lose him to his element. That is true."

"So, how does that happen? And where did he go?"

Celine gracefully picked her way over a fallen log before answering. "If you fill yourself up with your element, or in your case your elements, plural, you run the risk of getting too attached. That may be the best way to describe it. I'm really not sure, though, if it's a matter of you being attached to it or the other way around, but regardless, at some point you connect and just don't come back to us. And you disappear altogether, as if you have become a part of that element somehow."

"So you mean, I die? Or what?"

"Not really. We have no evidence of that. We have ... occasional contact ... with the Otherworlds, and to date, we have received no information that this elemental ever showed up in either realm."

"Whaaat? You mean you talk to angels and demons?"

I couldn't see Celine's face, but I heard her chuckle. "You could say that. But it's not that glamorous. Usually it's a case of one of them being in the Here and Now, lost, and it's only by chance that we meet up with them."

"Oh," I said, all sly-like, "you mean like when bugganes are caught near the compound?"

Celine stopped walking but didn't turn to face me. For a moment she said nothing, and then she began walking again. She was probably hoping I wouldn't notice, but that was like me not noticing Tim's farts. It's just not possible.

"Bugganes, Celine? Know any?"

Celine stopped again and turned to face me, sighing. "How do you know about bugganes?"

"I don't know about bugganes, I know about the buggane, the one in your dungeon." I lifted an eyebrow at her, daring her to contradict me.

"How?"

"A little bird told me."

Tim pulled my hair and it took all my concentration not to wince.

Celine frowned. "Your little bird is going to get himself into trouble one of these days."

"I believe that bird has already flown the coop, actually, but that's not the point. The point is, I saw this buggane, whose name I almost said, thank you very much, and he had some interesting things to say."

Celine's eyes nearly popped out of her head at that one.

" ... Yeah, Celine, you might want to tape a sign to the door next time? One that says something like: 'Warning! Don't say this buggane's real name, or he'll eat your face off.' That information might have been nice to know before I went in there."

"You went in? To see the buggane?" She was staring at me with her mouth still open, an incredulous look on her face.

"Well, technically no, since I was blind at the time. I couldn't see shit, but I could sure hear it." An involuntary shudder went through my body as I recalled his Chase-like voice and otherworldly howls.

Celine choked on her own saliva. "You ... gaahhh ... went into the buggane's cell when you were blind? Are you mad?"

"Mad? Mad at who? You? A little, I guess."

"No, I mean mad as in crazy. Mentally deficient. Nuts, as you changelings say."

"I told her it was a bad idea," piped up Scrum, finally weighing in.

I turned and scowled at him before continuing, "Oh, I get it. No, I'm not mad or mental. I'm a changeling who keeps screwing up and wanting answers. A changeling who's losing friends left and right and wants to know how to stop it. The buggane had some answers for me, so I'm glad I went. But he made more questions come up. So here I am, talking to you now, getting answers to those questions." I threw my hands up in frustration. "It's like it never ends around here - mysteries, questions, secrets ... "

Celine looked down at the ground, unable to respond.

"Listen. It doesn't help any of us fae to keep secrets from each other; don't you get it? I almost had my head bitten off, literally, by the boogie monster you have locked in that room. I nearly blinded myself with my own powers yesterday. All of this is preventable shit. When are you going to let me into your inner sanctum of knowledge?!" My voice had steadily increased until I was nearly yelling. That's why I was completely taken off guard when Celine started laughing.

"What?" I asked suspiciously. "What's so funny?"

Celine fanned her glowing face, a smile plastered across it. "Nothing, nothing. Just your choice of words - inner sanctum of knowledge. Oh, how I wish we had one of those."

"What? You're all as clueless as me? I find that hard to believe."

"No, not that. And for the record, you aren't as clueless as you think you are. You just don't trust your instincts enough and you don't give yourself enough credit. If you had the confidence you should have, based on who and what you are, you would be able to muddle out most of the answers you need. All of the ingredients are around you and available to you. Mix them together and the answers will appear."

"You sound like a witch making a brew."

Tim said brightly, "Well, you do kinda look like Maggie the witch when you first wake up!"

I reached back to try and grab him but he swung out of the way on my ponytail.

Celine shrugged. "You may do better using a little magic, but I believe you are capable even without."

"Well, I can't use magic, so I guess I'm going to have to take the long way around."

"Don't be silly. You are an elemental. You are of the magic. The magic flows through you."

I eyed her suspiciously. "It sounds like you're telling me I can do witch spells."

She smiled. "We have been telling you since the beginning - you are capable of great, great things. It is becoming clearer to us every day that you are our Mother. But we don't expect you to learn everything in a month, a year, or even a decade. Trust me, it's a lot to learn. Even the oldest among us doesn't know all that you are capable of ... you're a delightful mystery with many powers that all of us on the council look forward to discovering right along with you." She smiled comfortingly at me.

"Not that old witch dude. He doesn't like me at all."

"Who Red? He's not so bad. You just need to get to know him better. You'll see. He's a bit like Niles. Gruff on the outside, all soft on the inside."

"Ha! Right!" I shook my head. "So about this buggane ... "

"Yes. About the buggane." She got serious again.

"He told me that he served with Chase, up in the Overworld. Is there any chance he could be confused about that?"

"I do not know the ways of the buggane. They are indeed tricky creatures. But I don't believe he could lie to you. We were able to determine that he was, in fact, assigned to your protection by Chase or someone caring for Chase."

I added it up as best I could. "Okay, so what you're saying then, is if the buggane said it to me, it must be true?"

"True as far as the buggane knows. They are merely low-fae, so you must take that into consideration."

"Low-fae. Ick! Gack!" said a disgusted Tim.

I ignored him. "Low-fae? What's that? I've heard it before."

"They are fae who don't mix with the general fae population. They shun the company of other fae, except when they prey on them. We call them low-fae."

Tim added, "I call them the lower-than-low-fae. Fae eaters, all of 'em."

His reaction seemed overly strong, even though they were technically cannibals I guess. "Seems kinda discriminatory to me."

She shrugged. "The term is an old one. They don't seem to mind it."

We had reached the door leading to the compound. Celine opened it and stepped inside, waiting for us just by the entrance. "Did I answer all of your questions?"

I rolled my eyes and tried not to notice her flinch at it. "I guess. Maybe. Then again, you created about twenty new ones, so if I do the math, the answer is a definite no, since I'm walking away with more questions than I came with."

Celine's laughter at my frustration practically twinkled it was so sparkly. "You are a joy to be around, Jayne, I hope you know that."

I looked at her face to see if she was messing with me, but it appeared as if she were being sincere. I shook my head in pity. "I think you've rode the wind a few too many miles, Celine."

She reached out and rubbed my back as we walked down the hall. "You were only human for seventeen years. Perhaps after a few more years as fae you will begin to see in yourself what we see in you."

I smiled reluctantly, wondering how it was that this mysterious silver elf could possibly appreciate me more than my own mother. "Well, I'm going to see what I can do to earn your praise, anyway. I can't promise I'm going to succeed though. I don't want anyone getting their hopes up about this whole Mother thing."

Celine shook her head. "It's not about hopes. I am who I am. You are who you are. The nosy pixie riding behind your hair is who he is." She reached the door to Dardennes' office and opened it, pausing in the entrance. "We do not desire to change anything. Everything is exactly as it should be, as imperfect as it sometimes seems."

"Okay, silver elf, if you say so."

"I do. Now go have some lunch. I will see you later."

"Okay. Later, then." I walked away from the doorway, headed to the lunchroom, thinking about what she said.

"I'm totally busted," said Tim, his voice muffled in my hair.

"Yeah. But you're perfect the way you are, nosy parker."

"I know. Doesn't take a genius silver elf to know that, though."

I smiled. "High-one, pixieman, high-one." I held up my finger near my shoulder so he'd come out and slap his hand on it.

He obliged me and then burped. "Are we there yet? I'm hungry."

I sighed and shook my head as I reached for the door, pulling it open.

I was completely unprepared for the sounds and visions of chaos that reached my ears and eyes.

Chapter 6

Fae were standing in huddled groups, yelling intermittently, and holding out utensils and plates in front of them like weapons and shields. Food was all over the floor and tables as if there had been a massive food fight - or as if people had been in the middle of eating lunch and suddenly decided to use their fully-loaded-with-food plates as armor.

My eyes were drawn to the place that all of them faced, seeing for the first time the object of their fear.

The buggane had gotten loose, and he was standing in our lunchroom.

"Gor... ," I started to yell, before I caught myself and started over. "Chase! What are you doing?" Now I was finally able see what a Chase, slash, buggane monster looked like - and it was nuts. Yes, he looked like Chase. But then again, he didn't. He was too lumpy and too shiny - and there were hairy parts where there shouldn't be hairy parts. It was kinda gross actually. I think I might have seen some drool drop out of his mouth too. Ugh.

"Jayne!" it roared back at me. "I found you! Finally!" It started to move towards me and Scrum shoved me to the side, standing between it and me.

"Stop right there, buggane!" he yelled, his hand out, palm up.

"Scrum," I said, putting my hand on his shoulder, "just give me a minute."

Scrum didn't even look back at me. "No way, Jayne. My daedar is screaming warning bells at me. This thing isn't getting anywhere near you."

The buggane fixed Scrum with a malevolent glare. A glob of drool fell out of its mouth and made a splatting sound as it hit the stone floor. My stomach turned over at the noise, and I tried like hell not to look at it, but my curious brain wouldn't le me. Oh, shit. Buggane drool. I could have lived a thousand years without ever seeing that and been perfectly happy.

The entire dining hall was quiet, everyone breathlessly waiting for events to roll out. I saw a movement out of the corner of my eye and noticed Finn, slowly notching an arrow in his bow.

"Finn, wait!" I yelled, turning away from him quickly because I didn't want the monster to know who Finn was or what he was doing. I tried to distract the buggane by talking directly to him. "So, Chase, ummm, what are you doing here? In the lunchroom, I mean. Do you want some food? We have some nice squiggly meats over there you might like."

He lifted his head and sniffed the air. "I smell a pixie. I like to eat pixies."

That made me mad. I shoved Scrum to the side a couple inches so I could stand next to him. "The pixie's not on the menu, boogie man. And stop drooling! This is our lunchroom, for shit's sake. Have a little class. You know, you don't have to act low just because you're call a low-fae."

The buggane frowned at me. "You are disappointed in me, Jayne? Why? I am here to protect you."

"Of course I'm disappointed in you! You're supposed to be ... I don't know, representing the coolest guy I know practically - and you're f**king it up big time. Chase doesn't drool. And he doesn't threaten to eat my friends. Shame on you."

He actually looked chagrined. "Sorry."

I looked at Scrum to see if he was as stunned by that response as I was. Yep. Then I looked at the audience of mostly changelings, holding up their plates and forks. Yep, them too. I'm not sure that any of us had the experience necessary to fairly assess a buggane's behavior, but even to us rank amateurs, this seemed strange. I decided to just go with it.

"Good. That's better. Now how about cleaning up the mess you made?" I waved my hand towards the floor. "Come on. Snap to it. Don't make me wait." Snap to it? Where in the hell did that come from? I was totally channeling B-movie dialogue without even trying.

He shuffled over to the nearest table and grabbed an abandoned napkin, going back to where he had drooled and getting down on his knees to wipe it up.

I turned to Finn and mouthed, What the f**k? And he put his hands up in response, telling me he was as baffled as I was.

Gorm stood up, the napkin held loosely in his hand, looking as if he was waiting for further instructions.

"Are you hungry? Do you want the moving meats on the buffet?"

He nodded his head silently, looking very forlorn.

"Jayne, don't even think about it! I'm not kidding," said a frustrated Scrum, getting madder and madder by the minute. "He's just trying to trick you. He's going to eat you or something."

"He can't. He's been sworn to protect me." I hoped like hell I was right, as I pushed past Scrum and headed to the buffet. I wanted to watch Gorm like a hawk the whole time, but something told me to act cool about it - as cool as it was possible for me to act when I was shaking in my moccasins.

"Jayne!" whispered Tim. "Are you completely off your rocker now? Did that power surge fry your very last common-sense brain cell? He can smell me, Jayne. Smell me. Did you get that?"

"Shut up, Tim," I whispered feverishly. "Everything's going to be fine." Or at least I was hoping it was going to be fine. Hopefully the way to a buggane's heart was through his stomach - full of squiggly buffet meats and not pixies.

I piled a heaping helping of the unsavory daemon meats onto a plate and turned to give it to Gorm. He had moved and was now standing very close to me, causing me a minor heart attack when I suddenly realized he was within face-eating range. Scrum was just behind him, ready to give him a power squeeze if necessary, which only made me feel slightly less afraid. I considered pulling The Green up into me for protection, but I was worried about my eyes. I couldn't afford to go blind again, especially at this particular moment.

I held out the plate. "Why don't you take this to one of the tables over there and have a seat. I'll be right over."

Gorm took the plate from me docilely and did what I told him to do. I watched as he sat down, hunched over his meal, and began shoveling it in with an abandoned fork he'd found on the table. I decided that table manners were probably too much to ask from a buggane, and turned my attention back to Scrum - a very angry Scrum.

"If you keep doing this kind of stuff, I cannot guarantee your safety, Jayne. Do you have any idea what that does to a daemon? To feel that way about his charge?"

I put my hand on Scrum's arm to placate him. "I'm sorry. I know you take your duties very seriously. But what was I supposed to do? Zap him and maybe go permanently blind? Let Finn shoot the one guy or the thing who still had a connection to Chase? No. We can't do that. He's my ticket to getting Chase back, and I'm not letting him go."

He hesitated for a moment and then said, "Okay, but why does it have to be you taking these risks? Why not someone else?"

I looked around, throwing my arms up. "Who? Do you see anyone else around here volunteering?"

Scrum looked around and then cast his eyes down. "No."

"Exactly. If not me, then who? Not those wimp changelings over there, using their damn dinner plates as protection. Pfft. Like that could stop a hungry cannibalistic buggane. Idiots." I shook my head in disappointment with my fellow recruits. I was beginning to think a lot of these Light Fae were total chickenshits.

I turned to go join Gorm, but Scrum grabbed my arm. I looked down at his hand gripping my arm and then up into his eyes. "What now?"

"Just. Be careful, is all." He sighed deeply. "And wait for me."

I smiled, patting his hand before pulling it off my arm. "With pleasure. Now come on, grouchy."

We walked over and joined Gorm at the table, sitting on either side of him. The crowd at the other end of the room decided to skip the rest of their lunch and quickly filtered out of the room. The only one left standing there was Finn, but not for long. Seconds after the last changeling left the room, the door flew open and Tony and Spike came rushing in, both of them looking panicked.

"Jayne!" yelled Tony, his face going white. I swear I saw his body start to go misty on me, but then it was back, making me wonder if I'd imagined it.

Spike's eyes were swirling red and black like crazy - mostly black. It looked weird as hell. "You need me, Jayne?"

I smiled. "Nope. Not right now. Maybe later."

Spike smiled, slowly shaking his head. "Never a dull moment with you, is there?"

I stuck out my tongue at him and he laughed, turning towards the door.

"Call me if you need me later. You know what to do." He gave me a meaningful look and flashed me one of his killer smiles before going through the door and letting it swing shut behind him.

Tony and Finn began walking over slowly and carefully, their eyes scanning back and forth from me to Gorm and back again. Finn still had his arrow notched in his bow, just waiting for one wrong move from our boogieman.

Gorm couldn't have cared less about us. He was too busy polishing off the last bit of meat on his plate. With his mouth more full of food than I thought was even possible, he gestured to the plate. "Mo?"

I rolled my eyes. "Tony, could you get Gorm another plate of worms?"

I saw the evil light flicker in Gorm's eyes at the exact moment I realized I'd made the mistake of saying his name.

I didn't think about my next move, I just did it; I reached out as fast as lighting and slapped him hard across the face. CRACK!

My hand came away slightly slimy. I wiped it on the tablecloth with a look of distaste. "Ew. That's disgusting. Maybe you should consider face powder or something."

Gorm looked at me in stunned astonishment, swallowing his last bite of food with a loud gulp. "Did you just ... slap me?" His hand reached up slowly to feel his cheek, which now had an angry red handprint on it.

"Yeah, I did. And I'll do it again Gorm, if you so much as think about eating me or any of the other fae in this compound."

He frowned at me, confused. "But ... you can't stop me if I want to do that, you know."

"Oh yeah? Try me," I said, staring him down. I pulled some of The Green into my body and fed it up into my eyes, sending the energy directly out of my pupils to hit him full force in the face.

The gasps of ooohs and aaahs that I heard from my friends around me told me it had the effect I was going for. I let the connection drop, still keeping my eyes on Gorms'.

"You catch my drift?"

"Whaaaaa ... ?" he asked, as if he was in a daze.

I snapped my fingers in front of his face. "Hey! Pay attention here! I'm in the middle of threatening you." I sighed impatiently. "Do you understand what I'm saying? No eating the fae? Fae are not on the menu?"

He nodded, a chagrined look on his face. "Yes, Mother."

I closed my eyes and tried to find my happy place. My hand itched to slap him again. I had to grip it in a tight fist to keep it down and un-slimed. "Do not. Call me. Mother."

Gorm frowned. "Why not? It is who you are."

I looked at him, shaking my head in frustration, ready to blow at any second. "How could you possibly know that? You don't know me at all! You're low-fae for shit's sake!"

He looked at me with nothing but innocence on his face. It was so Chase-like, it made my heart skip a beat.

"I have not always been who you see before you today. I have been to the Otherworlds, and I can feel who you are; it does not matter what I see. I am low-fae now, yes. But you are the Mother, that is certain." He shrugged his shoulders and then grabbed the plate of meat that had just arrived from the buffet, courtesy of Tony. Just before he shoved another forkful of it in his mouth, he said, "Denial does not change reality for everyone else. Only for the one denying and those who are foolish enough to believe the fantasy."

I had nothing to say to that. How could this slobbery monster be giving me words of wisdom that actually made some sense, no matter how much I didn't want them to?

I looked over at Tony. "Okay, so now what? What do we do with the Chase-monster?"

Tony's eyes were wide and he was just shaking his head from side to side. "Jayne, I have to admit. I'm kinda stumped on this one. I'm not sure chess club prepared me for this kind of move."

I watched Gorm dig into his meal, trying to ignore the actual eating part to just focus on his face. My attention was pulled away by his bicep and forearm muscles nearest me, flexing and moving as he shoved forkful after forkful of meat into his grizzly face. He needed a shave, badly. Even so, his very solid presence brought back intense memories of Chase, and I knew there was only one thing to do.

"Gorm. I need you to take me to Chase. I need to see him. Can you do that?"

He swallowed and held out his empty plate for more food at Tony. Tony took it wordlessly, rolling his eyes and walking away.

"Yes. I can do that. But once I deliver you, my debt is paid. I completed his assignment to watch over you and I will fulfill your request. Then I shall be released."

"So, what does that mean? You deliver me to Chase and then turn around and eat us right after?"

Gorm looked at me, the baby-blue of Chase's eyes flecked with bits of not so pretty, muddy green that I knew belonged to the Gorm inside. "I could never ever hurt you. You are the Mother. And Chase?" he hesitated, shrugging, "I don't believe he would taste very good. He's not fae or human, after all."

I seized Gorm's arm, a little creeped out by its lack of warmth. "What do you mean? What is he? I mean, if he's not fae or human, what's left?"

Gorm smiled, and not altogether nicely. "I cannot tell you the answer to your question. But someone can."

"Who?" My mind was racing. I was so sure he was going to say Dardennes.

"Perhaps the little pixie in your hair, who by the way would make a very nice dessert after all of these delicious Angulas."

"What?!" I yelled, reaching back immediately to grab for Tim.

Apparently his wings had grown back more than I'd realized in the last day or so, because I instantly felt the weight of his tiny body leave my shoulder. I heard the sound of wings buzzing - a sound I hadn't heard in too long - by my ear and then above my head.

"Tim! Get back here, you little liar!" I'm not sure that he had technically lied to me about anything, but he sure was guilty of not telling me everything I needed to know. Little f**ker. I was going to get him and make him tell me his entire story, start to finish. I didn't care if it took all day. Or two.

"Sorry, Jayne," said Tim, not sounding at all apologetic. "I suddenly feel the need to fly. Need to exercise the new wings, you know. I'll see you later, at dinner!" His voice faded away as he flew closer to the door.

"Get him, Finn!" I yelled.

And Finn almost made it; but a brownie came into the room intending to clean the big mess left by all the fraidy cat changelings, and opened the door just in time for Tim to make his getaway. Finn stopped at the door, looking back and forth between me and the hallway where Tim had just disappeared.

"Never mind," I said, angrily. "I'll catch that little bastard later. He's gonna get it."

Finn walked back over to stand near us again, his bow no longer locked and loaded.

Gorm smiled at me. "Pixies are troublesome. I could eat him for you; then you would have no more pixie problems."

I smacked his arm. "Stop already with the pixie eating. I'm never going to say it's okay." I studied his face for second. "Why do you eat fae when you obviously are happy eating non-fae meat like that stuff?" I gestured to his once again empty plate.

"Fae taste better. Angulas are too salty."

"Yeah, that may be. But don't you worry about making enemies of the fae? Wouldn't you rather be friends with them?"

He frowned. "The buggane is not friends with anyone."

"Why?" I pressed. I wanted to know if it was one of those fae-discrimination things or fae-misunderstanding things. For an ancient race, they sure hadn't found answers all the common human problems that I would have thought could eventually be solved with enough time.

"I have not been a buggane for long. But I can tell you that when I am around a number of fae, it makes me very uncomfortable."

"Why? Because they don't like you or are afraid you're going to eat them?"

"No. Because I find that I prefer a solitary life. By the water. And the fae smell delicious, so to eat them is natural for me."

"So what's going on is you're a fae who eats fae and that's that. There's no other reason?"

"Maybe there are other reasons. We all have a purpose in the grand scheme of this realm."

"Do you know what those reasons are?"

He shrugged, using his finger to push down on remnants of meat left on or near his plate so they would stick, then moving them up to his tongue. "I could guess. But that is arrogant. None of us really knows. The Light think they do; the Dark think they do. But they don't."

"How did you get so philosophical?" I asked, shaking my head at the absurdity of it all - the boogieman having figured the meaning of life, or pieces of it anyway.

"Like I said to you before, I was in the Overworld for a long time. I was privy to parts of the plan there. Not all of it, but parts of it. So I put some things together in my mind. We all do up there. It's a good way to pass the time, until we are called for a higher purpose."

I squinted my eyes at him, wondering if he was messing with me. "What higher purpose? What's higher than being in the Overworld? You were like an angel there, right?"

"A higher purpose. What is there to explain? Honestly, being in the Overworld is over-rated. Everyone here wants to get there. But everyone there wants to get back here. The Here and Now is where the fun of existence is - the battles, the struggles, the unmet desires. A higher purpose is being here, overcoming obstacles, striving, protecting something valuable that will move your spirit towards the final awareness. Now that is a higher purpose. I envy Chase sometimes. He is so good at whatever he does. Mostly." He smiled evilly, "Not all the time apparently, but usually."

I put my arm across Gorm's back, sending a couple waves of The Green into his body. I felt him stiffen underneath the onslaught. "Listen here, buggane. I don't want any more of this 'higher purpose' bullshit. I want the straight-up truth. Who is Chase and why is he here? And how can I get him back with me?"

Gorm turned in his seat so he could look me in the eye, which shifted my hand to his shoulder. We sat there staring eye to eye for a few seconds before he answered me so quietly, I'm sure I was the only one who heard him.

"Sometimes, it's better not to know the things you wish you could know. Sometimes knowing ahead of time, the secrets of this life, can cause destiny to go awry. I wouldn't want that for our Mother. And so you will have to understand when I refuse to answer your questions more fully."

And then he stood, abruptly shoving his chair out behind him, its legs scraping across the stone floor. "But!" he announced out to the room, "I am willing to bring you to Chase. So unless you have something else to do now, we can go."

I stood up quickly too. "You sure you don't want to spill your guts on that other stuff?" I had been intimidated by his little speech from just a second ago, but figured it wouldn't hurt to probe him for information one last time.

"No."

"Okay, fine. Let's go then." I looked at Scrum and then Tony and Finn. "You guys in?"

"Yes," answered Scrum, "anything to get Chase back here is fine with me."

I smiled. "What? Job getting to be too much?"

"You could say that," said Scrum, smiling back. "Not really, though. I just think Chase should be the one taking care of you. It's kinda like it was meant to be, you know?"

I was starting to feel the same way, which is why him being gone felt so damn wrong to me, especially now that his not so charming near-twin was standing here, towering over me. "Yes. I know."

Tony said, "I'm supposed to be working with the gray elves after lunch, but this time I think I'd be better off with you. Especially if you're going to get anywhere near the Dark Fae compound."

"Sure you won't get in trouble?" I asked, a challenge in my eye.

"No. But I'm sure I don't want you getting hurt, so what choice do I have? If I ask you not to go, will you stay?"

"Nope."

"What about you Finn? You got better things to do?"

"Than rescue Chase from the Dark Fae compound? Hell no. Let's get to it, girl."

I smiled. I had my posse with me. Smaller, yes, but no less welcome and no less awesome. "I wish Tim were coming."

"I can still smell him. He is close," said Gorm.

Little pest was probably going to follow us all the way there. That made me happy. "Okay then. Lead on."

Chapter 7

We left the lunchroom and the Light Fae compound, headed in the only direction I knew might lead to the Dark Fae hideout - through the Infinity Meadow.

"We have to look out for orcs," I said as a side remark while picking my way through the long grasses.

"Orcs are Underworld creatures. They are not present here," said Gorm.

"My ass they're not present here. I've been attacked by orcs twice since I came to the Green Forest. And neither was something I'd like to repeat, if I can help it."

"You are mistaken. Perhaps you met up with some ugly ogres."

"Listen, Gorm, I'm not mistaken. They were orcs - you know, black? Lumpy? Smelly? Tar-like blood that burns like acid? You know what they say ... looks like an orc, smells like an orc, bleeds like an orc ... "

Gorm stopped walking for a second. We had reached the edge of the trees on the far side of the meadow. "You are describing orcs, yes. But they are not of this world." He was frowning at me.

"Yeah, well neither were you. And you keep hinting that Chase isn't either. So I guess if you can be here, so can they."

"No," said Gorm, walking again, but shaking his head. "We are not here in our Overworld forms. That is impossible. We accept a rebirth to come here again as fae. If an orc were to come back to the Here and Now, it would have to shed its identity as an Underworld creature."

I rolled my eyes and shook my head. He was starting to remind me of the adults in my life who refused to listen to reason. "Believe what you want. I guess they've figured out a way to change the rules. You can ask Finn and Tony. They were there for one of the attacks." I lifted my head to yell out into the space above our heads, "And Tim was there for the other one, so you could ask him about that too!" I couldn't hear his wings or his farts, but I knew he was out there somewhere. He was too damn nosy not to be following me. Plus he hated to be left out of anything.

"She's right," volunteered Finn. Them were orcs, ain't not doubt about it. Hundreds of 'em. Stuck in the dang trees before she let 'em out."

Gorm smiled. "I should have known it was you who did that. We knew of the tree-trapped creatures. It was only a matter of time before they were released. It stands to reason it would be now."

"Why, Gorm? Why now?"

He just shook his head at me.

I had to force myself not to go ballistic on him. "Just ... never mind. Tell me how to get Chase." I was out of patience and the ability to be nice him. Stupid jerk was keeping secrets just like all the other fae I had to live with. Pains in the ass, every single one of them. Except my friends of course. But minus Tim. He was currently a grade-A pain in the ass.

"Your friend Tony can take you to him. Use the Gray."

I turned to my friend. "Tony? Can you do it?"

"Yes ... " he said hesitantly, "if I knew exactly what I was looking for - or the place, maybe."

I sighed impatiently. "You're looking for Chase, duh. In the Dark Fae compound. What else do you need to know?"

He closed his eyes and gave his head a brief shake. "Nothing, I guess. Just come here and hold my hand. Think really hard about Chase. It'll help."

"Okay." I stepped over and took his hand. "What should I think about? His face? His eyes?" I didn't want to say what I was thinking - should I think about his amazingly muscled body? Strong biceps, rare but beguiling smile, silent sexy way about him?

Tony interrupted my reverie with his answer, "Anything. The way he looks, conversations you've had - memories, basically."

"Okey dokey." I turned to our friends. "Finn, Scrum ... can you keep an eye out while we're doing this thing?" My eyes scanned the trees above us, unsuccessfully trying to locate pixie wing movements.

"Sure," they both said in unison. Finn took three steps back and notched an arrow in the bow. Scrum moved in closer, putting his back to mine, so that I was between him and Finn.

Gorm sat down on a bed of leaves and twigs underneath the tree, near where we stood.

"Okay, I'm going to start," said Tony in a soft voice.

I loved the feel of his hand in mine. It was warm and soft, uncalloused.

"Jayne," said Tony wryly, "you have to think about Chase, not me."

I smiled. "Oh yeah. Sorry about that. I just like the way your hand feels."

Before I closed my eyes to concentrate, I saw a smile flit across his face. I wanted to give him a super-sized hug right then, but it was going to have to wait. I rearranged my thoughts to focus on Chase. The first thing that popped into my mind was his face - his solid jaw line, full and sculpted lips, high cheekbones. He had a large brow ridge over his eyes ... eyes that were cornflower blue, baby blue, sky blue, every kind of beautiful light blue I could think of. I rarely saw him smile, and when I did it was always a surprise. So slight, but carrying a lot of meaning. At least, it did before he was pixelated. I chose to remember him this way and not as the crazy loon who grinned his head off for no reason. That was a Chase that needed to stay far, far away from me. I probably would have blasted him back into the Overworld if he had kept that shit up around me for too long. I can only handle so much glee before I want to seriously maim or kill its source.

"Jayne," warned Tony. "Focus."

"Okay, sorry." Back I went into Chase la-la land, sighing at the unfairness of it all. This beautiful, silent warrior had left me. Well, he needed to get his ass back here - that was all there was to it. Chase, Chase, Chase - come back to me Chase. Be my warrior daemon again, Chase, you stinkin' liar, not telling me you were from the Overworld, for shit's sake. Not telling me you had friggin secrets the whole time we were in that damn forest during the changeling test.

Tony sighed. "I can't do this. Jayne is too easily distracted. Whenever I get close, she pulls me back."

I dropped my hand. "I'm so sorry, let me try again. I can do this."

"Why don't you let me try," said Finn, pulling his arrow out of the string and returning it to his quiver, throwing the bow over his shoulder. He frowned at me playfully, "Green elves can focus like nobody's business. I ain't lyin'. It's part of our trainin'."

I stepped back, momentarily bumping into Scrum. "By all means, green elf, have at it. Go hunt Chase down." I seriously didn't care who brought him back, so long as they did it.

"Take my hand," said Tony.

Finn eyed it suspiciously. "Nobody better tell any of the green elves I was standin' out here holdin' no guy's hand." He took Tony's hand and smiled. "Hey. He does have good hands." He realized what he said a split second later and started frowning.

I couldn't help but laugh, especially when I heard a tiny voice yell out from above, "He's g*y! He's totally g*y! I knew it!"

"What's so funny?" demanded Finn, glaring at me.

"Nothing. Nothing at all. Just hurry up." I knew if I told him what the hidden pixie had said, he'd refuse to go forward with the task at hand.

"Concentrate, Finn. Get me into that compound."

I stood there watching them intently. I couldn't tell from their expressions what was going on. Tony looked completely focused, and Finn started smiling. It seemed like a strange reaction to thinking about Chase, but whatever. Maybe he was g*y. That would be the biggest shock of the year. He did argue the loudest against it. But I had been so sure that he had a special eye for Becky. Come to think of it though, he never did hang around with any of the green elf girls that I'd seen.

Tony did a sharp intake of breath and then sighed, but otherwise kept up his task.

I looked over at Gorm and he was carefully shredding a leaf, pulling fiber after fiber away to reveal the naked stem. It was a little disturbing to watch, actually, especially since I had such a special connection with the trees. It's like he was messing with their body parts or something. Ew. I looked away to clear the images from my mind.

Finn caught my attention back when he stepped back away from Tony and dropped his hand. "Did it work?" he asked.

"In a way, yes."

"In what way?" I asked suspiciously.

"Well, I was able to make contact."

"Okay," I said, still a bit mystified, but happy he'd had some success. "So what do we do now?"

"We wait. Not long I think. I felt a lot of enthusiasm." He smiled, but revealed nothing further.

"Tony, why does that look make the hair on my butt stand up?" I asked.

Tony laughed in spite of himself. "You have hair on your butt?"

I shrugged. "Little ones. Fuzzy ones."

"Dang girl, you ain't gotta share everything, you know," said Finn, shaking his head.

"Shut up, redneck. Everyone has body hair. Get over it."

"Not on their butts they don't," he mumbled.

"Yeah," I said, sassily, "they do! Even your precious green elf girlfriends do."

"I ain't got no green elf girlfriends."

I totally had to get him back for the butt hair comment, so I decided to go for the nads. "Oh, that's right. You're g*y. I forgot."

"Dammit, Jayne, I ain't ... !"

He never got the last word out. His eyes got as big as saucers and he yelled, "Becky!"

I turned and saw our little water sprite buddy, coming through the trees, a big goofy smile on her too pale face.

Chapter 8

I ran over, stride for stride with Finn, to get to Becky. "Beckster!" I yelled, grabbing her into a hug, immediately finding myself being enveloped in a second-layer hug from Finn. "Where in the hell have you been, you little shit? We've been so worried. I should smack you for doing that to us."

Becky giggled. "Please don't. I'm still a little out of sorts right now ... ow, ow, Finn, not so tight."

Finn's arms left us and I pulled back, looking at Becky's face. She had dark circles under her eyes and was pasty white in the face, but otherwise she looked like her normal too-happy self.

I started getting cranky, thinking she could have at least let us know she was okay instead of letting us worry. I had felt so terrible thinking I had gotten her killed. "Seriously, where the hell have you been?"

"Oh my gosh, Jayne, what happened to your eyes?! They're .... they're beautiful!"

"Focus, Becky. Crazy-eyes explanation later. Where you've been explanation? Now."

She sighed. "I have been in the Dark Fae compound. Their clinic, actually."

To say that Finn and I, and now Tony and Scrum who'd just joined us, were shocked, would be an understatement. A big one. I opened my mouth to say something, but before the words would come out, Becky held up her hand to stop me.

"I know what you're going to say, Jayne - and gosh how I've missed your potty mouth, so I hate to stop you right now - but let me explain."

I started sputtering. "You'd better f**king explain or I'm afraid I'm gonna have to blast you myself. How are you ... ? What did you ... ?" I was sputtering and that was so not like me, it made me feel weird.

"Okay, okay. First, just take a breath. Let's go sit down. I don't have a lot of energy and I still have to go back."

"Go back?" said Finn, his voice rising in anger. "Go back? No way, huh-uh. You ain't goin' back nowhere 'cept with us, to the Light Fae compound! None o' this 'I'm all Dark Fae' shee-it with you. No ma'am ... ain't gonna happen. We already lost a good daemon to that horse puckey. I ain't gonna lose you too."

I was a little surprised at his vehemence, but I wasn't worried. There's no way our happy, bright water sprite would go Dark on us. She didn't have it in her. I was willing to hear her out, but no matter what, afterwards she was coming with us, even if I had to beg Scrum to throw her over his shoulder and march out of here with her, Neanderthal style. I'd even go so far as to put a damn power bubble around her ass so she couldn't teleport away. I refused to consider that it wouldn't work. Maybe I'd try to mix a little magic into it like Celine suggested. I had to laugh at myself over that. As if I could manage complicated witch magic on top of what I was already juggling.

"Sit, please. I don't have the energy to argue with you. And I want you to know that I love you guys for coming here. It means a lot."

I looked at her like she was nuts. "Of course we came here - but we didn't even know you were here. If we had, we would have been here sooner. We were actually looking for Chase. Something must have gone wrong." I looked at Tony, frowning.

"Hey! Don't look at me! I told Finn to think about Chase but all he kept doing was thinking about Becky's face, Becky's hair, Becky's smile. It was Becky, Becky, and more Becky the entire time!"

Finn's face turned beet-red.

Becky smiled. "Seriously, Finn? Oh my gosh, that's so sweet. I've been thinking about you a lot, too." She looked suddenly shy.

"Okay, lovebirds, save it. I need to know what the hell's going on." I sat down, pulling Finn with me. Scrum stayed standing, but Tony joined us on the ground, sitting with his legs crossed.

Finn said nothing, just alternatively looked at the treetops and then at Becky, turning away each time she caught him looking. It was like watching two eight-year-olds in puppy love - cute but nauseatingly dorky at the same time.

"So, why were you with the Dark Fae, Becky? And why do you look like shit?"

Becky laughed out loud, the echoes of it tinkling among the trees. "Well, Samantha teleported me out of the fight we were in, so that explains why I was in the Dark Fae clinic," she giggled softly and added, "and that's also why I look so bad right now. She's still kinda new at the witch thing. Her magic needs some work."

I growled, "The only thing wrong with her magic is it doesn't have a self-destruct button I can push."

"No, Jayne, you've got it all wrong. Samantha's not bad at all. She's just trying to do the right thing."

"What? Are you f**king kidding me? She killed you, Becky. I saw it. Your eyes were all glassed over and staring into the afterlife ... your body was all twisted and broken. Whatever they did to bring you back from the dead was some heavy duty voodoo or something." I eyed her suspiciously. "Maybe you're a zombie," I said softer, watching her reaction carefully.

"Me? A zombie?" She started laughing so hard she fell over, holding her ribs. "Ow, ow, ow, that hurts. But it's funny, it really is." She kept alternatively giggling and wincing in pain while Tony moved over and helped her sit back up.

Once she was upright again, she looked me in the eye and said, "I know you and Samantha got off on the wrong foot," she noticed me glaring at her angrily, so added, "and I know she's done nothing recently to make you feel differently about her - but you have to trust me. She means well. She's really trying. She's just - awkward. Sometimes she tries too hard and her attempts bring ... unexpected results."

"Pfft. Oh, yeah. Like she unexpectedly killed you. And Falco. Oh, and F-Y-I? He didn't come back from the dead like you did. He's gone forever, Becky. He was a great elf, you know. I really liked him. Everyone did." The bitterness of losing him made me want to spit. I saw Finn look down at the ground and swallow several times in quick succession. He was fighting back the tears, which only made it harder for me to win the battle against mine. I cleared my throat loudly twice to make it stop hurting from the unshed tears.

Becky looked down at the ground. "I know to lose anyone is horrible. But you know ... the green elves were aiming to kill her. She was acting in self-defense."

I looked at her like she was crazy - which she was, as far as I was concerned. "Becky? Do you hear yourself? Samantha came to our compound ... demanding to be let in. She sent arrows into our people. She blasted you to kingdom come. She tried to get her ogres and elves to assassinate me. She wasn't doing anything in self-defense! She attacked us! We were the defenders."

"I know, I know. She came to you first. But then things got all messed up."

"Yeah, right. That's how they've explained it to you. But in my opinion, and the opinion of all the true Light Fae, there's nothing to assume from five separate attacks brought to our doors and several dead Light Fae, other than the fact that the Dark Fae started this war and they are the aggressors."

"Are you saying I wasn't a true Light Fae?"

"Well what are you now, Becky? Light or Dark? Because as far as I'm concerned, a true Light Fae would never turn her back on her people."

She stared mutinously at me for a moment and said, "Well why are you here for Chase, then? He's Dark Fae. He turned his back on the Light Fae."

"I'm here because he made his decision under the influence of pixelation. That's like being on drugs. I'm not going to hold that against him." I grabbed her hand. "And if you've changed sides, you probably did it under the influence of pain and drugs too. So I'm going to forgive you too. Come back with us."

She sighed, pulling her hand away. "It's not that simple."

"Screw that, Becky, it is too!" I yelled, throwing my hands up. I looked desperately at Finn, Scrum, and Tony. They were as shell-shocked as I was. "Come on, guys, tell her! Tell her she has to come back with us!"

Tony's cooler head prevailed. He looked at Becky kindly and spoke softly. "Explain it to us. Tell us what isn't so simple."

She looked at him warily, as if expecting a trap.

He held up his hands in innocence. "I'm serious, I just want to know. Jayne and the rest of us can't understand why you and Chase would leave, but we want to. We want to understand. Help us do that."

I decided to let him take over. I was so pissed at Becky I wanted to ring her skinny little neck, which would probably be counterproductive to convincing her to come home. I sat there quietly, listening to the rush of blood in my ears, trying to get my racing heart under control. I was so mad I wanted to growl. It made me wonder if I had some werewolf blood in me somewhere. I wondered if it would hurt if I were to suddenly morph into a vicious animal that could shred the Dark Fae to pieces. Maybe the pain would be worth it. Becky's words brought me out of my murderous musings.

"Samantha's goal is the same as all the other Dark Fae - to get the Light Fae to join them."

I couldn't help bursting out with, "Yeah, we already got the recruitment speech from Ben - be all you can be, and all that other shit. Thanks, but we're not interested."

She glared at me, and Tony held his hand up, telling me to be quiet.

"Please, Becky, continue."

She took a deep breath, let it out in a huff, and started talking again. "Samantha is a good person. She's trying very hard to prove herself to her new family. It's the first real family she's ever had." Becky turned to me, her eyes pleading. "Jayne, she has had a terrible life. Really, really awful. You have to understand how important her fae brothers and sisters are to her right now. She'd do anything for them. She wanted that with all of us, you know. It's the Light Fae who turned their backs on her - just like her human family."

I tried not to feel guilty about that, leaving Samantha on her own at the warehouse in Miami, since the decision had been out of my hands at the time. But I know how I'd feel if I had been rejected and then given a second chance. Maybe I would have followed her path. Maybe.

Becky turned back to Tony. "Sometimes, Samantha gets ahead of herself. I've heard stories about her, things she's done since she's been here. She gets things wrong a lot, but she tries. She's awful powerful. They're talking about her like she's some long-lost sorceress or something, from an ancient fae family. So she has a lot to live up to and she's really trying. Honestly, none of us can blame her for that - we've all finally found what we've been missing, now that we're with the fae, haven't we? Any of us would do whatever we could to do what is best for them, right?"

She looked at each of our faces, but I sensed a trap in there somewhere. This was how she was going to justify something. I refused to respond, but the idiots around me were like bobble heads, nodding yes, yes, yes. Shit, it was almost too easy for her.

"The Dark Fae took me in and brought me to their clinic to heal me - just like they did with Chase, just like they do with any fae who needs them. They don't ask for anything in return except a listening ear."

I snorted. "I'll bet."

Becky frowned but continued, ignoring me, "Once I listened to what they had to say and saw what they showed me, I realized - we have to work together. We can't keep fighting like this. It's going to destroy everything. And everyone."

Tony responded, "But attacking the Light Fae compound is not really sending that message, is it?"

She practically bounced up and down in her enthusiasm to respond. "Yes, I know, but they've tried other ways! They tried speaking to the council, they tried going through other people, like you for example, Tony, with Ben. They tried all kinds of things, but none of it worked. The Light Fae refuse to listen to reason."

Her last sentence really bugged me, but not in the way everything else had. It was bothersome because I agreed with her. The council did have a hard time listening to common sense sometimes. I'd been forced into strong-arming them to get them to do the right thing with Tony and let him become a changeling.

"So what exactly are you saying?" asked Tony, looking as confused as I felt.

"What I'm saying is, the Dark Fae are not making me stay here. If I stay after I'm healed, and I'm not saying I am for sure, it's because I believe in their cause and want to be a part of it. For me, it has nothing to do with humans and our need to live out in the open amongst them. It's more for the fae as a whole, so that we can continue to exist at all, exposed or not."

"This doesn't make any sense," I said, breaking in. "The Light Fae have no intention of dying out, and we practically live forever anyway. The only thing we want to do is not get all up in the humans' faces - unlike Ben, who wants to be telling them what to do, where to do it, and who to do it with."

"No, no, no, that's not it," said Becky, impatiently. "That's a small part of the issue, yes, okay, but that's not what is important to me, personally. You know I'd rather be just hanging out with the other sprites and sirens. Not to be rude or anything, but I could care less about humans, so long as they leave me alone. Besides, I'm no warrior fae."

"Don't we know it," I said, rolling my eyes. She was useless in battle. There was a reason there were never many sprite casualties in fights - they never stuck around during the hard parts.

"Shush. There is a bigger problem out there, one that some of the Dark Fae have been warning the Light Fae about for years; but the Light Fae won't listen. In fact, not all of the Dark Fae are listening either. But you should, Jayne. And Tony and Finn and Scrum. All of you. If we could all get together, we could challenge the Light Fae council and make them listen!" She was practically foaming at the mouth she was so excited. She looked like a rabid chipmunk, which made me start laughing in spite of the gravity of the situation.

"Stop laughing, Jayne, this is serious!" She sounded like she was about to cry.

"Okay, fine," I said, trying to hide my smile. "Tell me what is so serious, other than what I already know."

"We have huge problems, as I was trying to say a minute ago. We have a much bigger threat hanging over our heads than you could even imagine."

"What already?" said a frustrated Finn. "Shee-it girl, quit with the suspense, would ya? I'm practically fallin' asleep over here waitin' for you to finally spit it out."

She frowned at him but continued. "We are under threat from others."

"She's probably right, you know," came the voice of Gorm behind us. I'd completely forgotten he was here with us. He was still sitting under the tree, a pile of shredded leaves around him and in his lap.

"She's right about what, boogieman?" I asked.

"She's right there's a threat out there. And from what you all have said, it sounds like it's coming."

"What kind of threat? From whom?" asked Tony, all seriousness. I knew his war planner game-face when I saw it.

"From the creatures. The creatures of the Underworld."

Chapter 9

I thought about what Gorm had said for a second, about the creatures from the Underworld coming here, and asked, "What creatures? Like the orcs we were talking about?"

"Yes, like orcs. And probably others. Many others. If the orcs have found a way to get here, no reason to think the others won't follow."

I looked at Tony and he stared back at me. I shrugged my shoulders, disregarding Gorm's ominous tone. I'd seen orcs and so had all my friends, except Scrum. Sure, they were a pain in the ass and disgusting in general, but other than that, I didn't think much about them. There were way more of us than them, so I'd never considered orcs a threat. Dwarves probably did, since they were so easily put on a spit and turned over an orc bar-b-que pit, but not me. I had Blackie, my trusty dragon fang weapon, and the orcs hated it.

"I don't see what the big deal is. We've run into orcs several times."

Gorm shook his head. "Well, that's the problem. You should definitely not be seeing orcs ever in this realm. The fact that they're here should tell you something is very wrong."

Tony shook his head as if trying to clear it. "Wait a minute. You mean, the orcs are here from the Underworld? And the Light Fae supposedly don't know about it? That's not right ... " He reached up and scratched his head before continuing, "No, they know. They battled the orcs we ... or I should say, Jayne, released from the trees when we first came here during our changeling test. I don't remember it actually, since I was erased afterwards, but I've been told the story by several fae. They knew the orcs were there then, and yet they've done nothing from a strategic planning perspective to deal with it. I'm sure they feel the threat has been neutralized."

"Well, it hasn't," said Becky, all pumped up now that she had an active listener. "There are more. And they will be joined soon by other creatures ... from there."

"Says who?" I asked, ready to call her bluff.

"Says those who walk the Gray. And Chase."

"Ha! Now I know they're feeding you a line of bullshit." I smacked Tony on the arm with the back of my hand. "Tell her, Tones. You walk the Gray all the time. You would know if there was something going on. Go ahead, tell her."

I sat there smugly staring at Becky, waiting to hear the reassuring words of my friend telling her that she was being bamboozled by the Dark Fae who were still busy trying to recruit my friends.

"Well. Um ... "

"Tony, what's wrong?" said Scrum, walking over and bending down to look in his face.

I jerked my head back in Tony's direction and saw that he looked confused. "Tony, what the hell is wrong with you? Tell her there's no threat. Tell her the only scary things in this forest are the buggane, the Dark Fae, and Scrum's hair." I winked at Scrum when he looked at me with questions in his eyes. I didn't have time right now to talk to him about his gnome-head problem, but promised myself I would later. Poor kid was out in the weeds.

"I'm sorry," Tony said, shaking his head and lifting his eyes off the ground to look at all of us in turn, "I was just thinking about some things I saw when I was in the Gray recently. At the time they didn't make a lot of sense, but now that Becky mentions this, it ... well, it kinda does."

I dropped my face into my hands. "Oh, for the love of all that is holy, Tony." I lifted my head up and stared at him with my mean face. "Would you please, tell me what's going on?!"

"Yeah, I'm with Jayne on this one," said Finn. "Ya'll are just bein' a bit too evasive for my likin'." He stood up, brushing the leaves off his butt. "Tony, we got things to do here and we ain't gettin' any of 'em done. Tell us what there is to know and then let's go get Chase. If Becky's still got some healin' to do, well, I think she could do that at our clinic, but o' course that's her choice." He looked at her and I noticed the pain in his eyes.

I had been wondering for a while, but this look confirmed for me that the poor guy really liked her.

Becky didn't say anything in response and she didn't meet Finn's eyes.

Things were not looking good there. I hoped like hell she wasn't going to break his heart like I was starting to think Chase had begun to break mine. Her story made me doubt my staunch resolve that he'd joined the Dark Fae under coercion. Damn the Dark Fae to the Underworld!

"Sorry, guys, I'm just trying to process it all," said Tony. "What made me think there might be some truth to her words, is that I've noticed a lot of disturbances in the Gray. Normally it's a pretty calm place - sure there are some dark forces in there and some unhappy souls, but for the most part, they all kind of exist in harmony. But lately, not so much. I feel an energy there that just doesn't belong; and it's definitely not a good energy. It's been growing steadily. The gray elves don't seem to sense it - I don't think they have the same experiences in the Gray that I do. They kind of skim the surface of it, whereas I go in very deeply sometimes." He looked at all of us and saw that we were mostly lost. "I'm sorry, I'm not explaining this well. It's difficult if you haven't been there."

I patted his arm. "Don't worry about it, Baloney. If you say something's up, something's up. It's that simple." I sighed loudly, clearing my mind as I did. "So ... BFF of my heart ... do you think that what Becky is saying could have some truth to it? That maybe some mean-ass creatures are going to come and invade the Green Forest through the Gray and attack us?"

He shrugged. "I guess there's a chance. I'd like to speak to the gray elves and Dardennes about it. That'll be the first thing I do as soon as we get back."

I looked at Scrum and Finn, and both of them were nodding their heads in assent.

"What do you think, Tim?!" I yelled out into the forest.

I was rewarded with the sound of buzzing wings and then a vision of the handsomest pixie I know doing a flip in midair in front of my face. He steadied himself, hovering just inches from my face, and said, "I think it's time to take a vacation! Fiji anyone?!" And then he buzzed away.

"What'd he say?" asked Finn.

I rolled my eyes. "Nothing useful." I turned my attention back to Becky. "Okay, so what's the deal? Are you coming back with us, or are you a turncoat? An abandoner? A traitor to the cause?"

Becky laughed and reached over to hug me. "I love you, Jayne. Do you have any idea how much I've missed you?"

I sat there patting her on her little back. "It's not like you've been gone forever. It's only been like a day or two, geez."

She let me go and sat back, saying, "Well, it feels a lot longer than that." She looked cautiously up at Finn who was standing next to us, but he didn't return her gaze. He was staring off into the distance, his mind elsewhere, or so it seemed.

"I'm going to stay here a little while longer, but then after I'm better, maybe in a few days, I'll come back."

I noticed Finn's hand that had been white-knuckling his bow relax a little, and the frown between his eyebrows melted away.

"I don't know about Chase, though. He's ... still in the process of working out his issues."

I grabbed her hand. "Tell me," I begged. "Tell me what's going on with him."

She smiled and patted my hand, apparently trying to soothe me. "He's getting better. Much better. He's not all delirious anymore. He just smiles a lot more than normal and occasionally laughs. He has to take injections every day though. They had to use ... uh ... pixie blood to make his antidote, so ... "

She had a totally guilty look on her face, which set the alarm bells off in my head. I squeezed her hand a little harder. "Beckyyyy ... ?" The pixie blood thing wasn't news to me, which she obviously knew, so I had a hunch there was something else going on.

I could sense her trying to pull away from me, the way her eyes had gotten a faraway look in them all of a sudden. She tried to stand up as if she was leaving, but I pulled her back down. It was time to get tough. "I'm giving you two seconds to come clean before I put you in a permanent bubble."

"You wouldn't," she insisted.

"I would. And I'll probably be stuck in there with you, too, since I suck at it. So if you don't want to be stuck with me in a green bubble for the rest of your very long fae life, you'll fess up. I know you're hiding secrets; and if they involve Chase, I have a right to know what they are."

Becky tilted her head. "How so?"

I smacked her on the shoulder.

"Ow! What was that for?" she said, reaching up to rub her arm, frowning at me with as much anger as she was capable of - which wasn't much.

"That was for asking me stupid questions. You know Chase is my daemon. Plus he's my friend and who knows? ... He could be my possible future life mate. So out with it, or else."

"I'm not supposed to tell." She pouted. "But I am very interested in hearing about your life mate plans. Can I be in the wedding?"

Tony sighed. "Just tell her, Becky. Your attempts at distraction won't work. You know she'll get it out of you eventually."

I pulled some of The Green into me, sending it to my eyes, letting it sit there and glow. I meant it as a threat, to show my supposed power, but instead of scaring Becky, it mesmerized her.

"Holy moly, Jayne, your eyes are so incredibly bright now ... bluuuue and greeeeen and bluuuuue and greeeen ... all swirly and whirly and girly and twirly ... "

"Becky!" I yelled, grabbing her upper arms and shaking her, "Snap out of it, you fluff brain! I need you to talk to me!"

Her head snapped back and forth a couple times before she looked like she was back on this planet again. "Wh ... what happened there? Wow, I felt like I'd drank too much strawberry wine for a minute there."

"No, you goof, no strawberry wine here. Tell me about the pixie blood. I'm not kidding."

She looked up in the air around us and whispered, "Is Tim still here?"

I whispered back, "I'm sure he is, but I have no idea where."

"Fine," she capitulated, huffing out a breath and rolling her eyes, gesturing for me to come closer so she could whisper in my ear. "I was talking to one of the elves who works in the clinic, and he told me that they had run out of Tim's blood, so they had to use another pixie's blood for Chase's antidote."

I whispered back, "Why would Tim care about that?"

Becky spoke even quieter, "Because it had to be the blood of a relative of Tim."

"A relative?" I whispered back. "Like who?" I couldn't imagine that the blood of his wife would have the right stuff they were looking for - unless pixies married their relatives, which was kind of gross. Tim didn't strike me as the cousin-marrying type.

"It was the blood of his son."

I sat straight up and yelled, "Whatthefuckareyoutalkingabout? Tim doesn't have any kids!"

Becky started flapping her hands at me madly, like a crazy girl in the middle of a slap fight to the death.

I ducked, my arm held up in front of me as a shield, trying to avoid the worst of it. "Cut it out, you crazy bitch!"

"I told you it was a secret, Jayne! Couldn't you just keep your big mouth shut for once?" The slapping slowly died down as her energy faltered.

I frowned at her, still keeping my arm up in front of my face for protection, but I could see she was too tired to continue with the physical abuse, so I lowered it cautiously. "Hey, watch it with the personal insults, lady. My mouth isn't that big."

"I'm sorry, but geez. You know he heard you. Plus you called me the b-word."

"Well, you earned it, abusing my delicate person like that with your crazy ninja moves. And trust me, if Tim heard me, he'd be in our faces right now, buzzing like mad."

"Who'd be in your faces right now, buzzing like mad?"

I jumped in fright, just now realizing he was standing on my shoulder.

"Holy shit! Not funny, pixieman. I was having a private chat with my friend here."

"So I see. What did I miss?"

"Uh, nothing." I bugged my eyes out at Becky, hoping Tim wouldn't see my signal telling her to play along.

Becky was staring daggers back at me, so I did the only mature thing left to do and stuck my tongue out at her.

"Why the death stare from old weenie water sprite over there?" he asked.

"She doesn't want me sharing her secrets."

"Are they secrets about me?"

"Maybe."

"Then you have to tell. It's roommates' honor code. You're not allowed to keep secrets about the other roommate. If you do, you have to move out. You'll have to room with Scrum probably."

"Or you will," I said, trying not to laugh at his new code.

"Nope. Only the person keeping secrets has to go. It's in the book. Look it up."

"What book? I've never seen it."

"Sure you have. It's on my nightstand."

I reached up to grab him, but he took flight.

"Not so fast, Miss Grabbyfingers. You have secrets to share and I have places to go. Chop, chop. Out with it."

"What's he saying?" asked Becky, her eyes following his flight path over our heads.

"He wants to know what your big secret is. Apparently, he didn't hear me and my big mouth."

"Well, you can't tell him," said Becky, firmly, back to staring me down again. "I'm serious. We cannot have a pixie war on our hands right now. That's all those creatures from the Underworld would need - all of us laughing and dancing around, totally defenseless."

Tim buzzed down until he was in front of her face, nearly making her go cross-eyed. "You're not her roommate, you watery little tart, so back off!"

I burst out laughing. "Tim, easy, no need to get all worked up. You know your snores are the only ones I ever want to hear when I go to sleep at night."

He turned around and folded his arms, hovering there and getting himself into a real pixie snit. "You haven't seen me worked up yet, believe me. And for the record, your drool glistening on your pillow across the room is the only drool I ever want to see."

"So sweet. And I think I have seen you lose your cool," I frowned at him. "Chase? Remember?"

I leaned to the side so I could see around him and lock Becky in my gaze. "So what's the deal? Can you go get Chase for us? I need to see him."

Becky stood, glad to have an excuse to go. "Yes. I'll go get him. And I'll see you guys in a few days, when I'm feeling better."

She began walking away and Finn moved to walk with her. They went a few steps farther and then stopped, talking quietly between themselves. I tried to make out what they were saying but they were purposely being quiet. Then I watched as Finn bent over awkwardly to give Becky a kiss on her cheek. For the first time today, she had some color in her face - a delicate pink that belied her embarrassment. Or excitement if the smile on her face was any indication. I grinned, watching them. They were so adorable I wanted to puke. But in a nice way.

"How cute is that?" asked Tim, sighing.

"Seriously, it is," I agreed. "I totally want to vom right now."

"I know, right?" asked Tim, coming to rest on my shoulder. "Young love ... "

"Huh," said Tony.

I looked at him curiously. "What's the matter, Tones?"

"Oh, nothing. I just ... didn't realize they were ... a couple."

I laughed. "I don't think they realized it either."

He smiled. "I guess teen romance isn't any easier in the fae world than it is in the human world."

"Why would it be?" I asked. "We're just as clueless here as we were there."

"True, so true."

"I had a girlfriend once," said Scrum, coming over to stand next to me, holding out his hands to help me up.

"Oh yeah? What was her name?" I asked, grabbing his hands and getting to my feet, then turning to give Tony my hand to help him up. We stood there brushing leaves and twigs off our butts and legs while we listened to the tale of love lost as told by Scrum.

"Her name was Millicent. She lived next door. When we were little we played together all the time - every day in the summer. She said she was my girlfriend. At school we were friends too, until the fifth grade. Then she got ... well ... boobs and it went all downhill from there."

I couldn't help but laugh. "Boobs? Boobs were the downfall of your relationship?"

He shrugged. "Kinda seemed that way. One day she was flat-chested and hanging out on the swing set in my backyard, next day she has boobs and three different boys are trying to get her attention all the time. After a while she kinda forgot I existed."

Tony looked at him sadly. "Didn't you try to talk to her?"

"Yeah. A couple times. I tried to warn her that those guys didn't have her best interests at heart; but she didn't listen."

"What'd she do?" I asked, almost afraid to hear the sad answer.

"She told me to get my scrubby face out of her face and to leave her alone."

"Woof. She sounds like one mean bitch, Scrum. I'm sure you're better off without her."

"I know. That's the common sense way to look at it. But it hurt anyway. Still does, actually. She was my best friend for a long time."

I looked at Tony and felt my heart squeeze a little bit. I couldn't imagine what I'd do if Tony told me to get out of his face. I wanted to hug him, but instead I hugged Scrum. I pulled a little of The Green into me and sent it to him, hoping I could bring him a small measure of peace. "She didn't deserve you, Scrummers. She really didn't. You're a good guy."

"I know. That's what my grandma always said."

"Well, you should listen to her. She sounds like a smart lady."

"She also used to say that squirrel stew would help me grow big and strong so that all the girls would like me. I ate plenty of that stuff, but it never helped."

I patted his back absently while making crazy faces of disbelief at Tony over the fact that someone would feed her grandchild squirrel soup. "Well, so she may have been missing a few marbles. But that's okay." I pulled away from him, gripping him by the shoulders. "Your day will come, Scrum, just wait and see. Some fae girl will take one look at you and fall madly in love."

He smiled weakly, "You think?"

"I know it." And I really did know it, too. Somewhere there was someone who would love this keg-o-beer ... gnome-head and all. Or maybe she'd convince him that shampoo was not the devil's brew. Either way, I was going to give up on this world entirely if a good fae guy like Scrum couldn't find love in it.

I dropped Scrum's shoulders just as a crashing through the trees off to my right assaulted my ears. I caught a flash of Chase's face, right before I found myself picked up and nearly crushed in a big embrace.

"Jaynie," he said into my neck, in a soft, growly voice, as his big arms enveloped me in warmth and the manly smell that I recognized as belonging to my daemon.

"Chase ... ey," I said back, giggling at the ridiculousness of it.

Chapter 10

Chase slowly lowered me to the ground, keeping his strong arms around me. I stood there on my tiptoes with my arms around his neck for a few seconds, reveling in the excitement of being in Chase's embrace. Before he'd been accidentally pixelated by Tim and delivered by my stupid ass to the Dark Fae compound for healing, we'd never actually gotten physical in any way. Sure I'd touched his well-muscled arm from time to time and we'd shared a few looks - but that was it. Somehow, though, his constant desire to protect me and his unwavering loyalty had done something to my heart. Chase had a special place there, reserved just for him. It was different than the spot I had for my best friend, Tony, and different than the place I held for Spike - my friend and occasional hot sexy distraction.

I leaned in towards his chest and inhaled deeply, pulling as much of his essence into my brain as possible. It smelled like home. Not my human home in Florida, and not the Light Fae compound - but home home.

"It is so good to see you, Jayne. Who do I thank for bringing you here for this visit?"

I could tell already he wasn't back-to-normal Chase, because this question had way too many words in it to be spoken by my typically, mostly mute friend.

"It's great to see you, too. And this isn't a visit. This is an intervention. You're bringing your sorry daemon ass back home with me. No buts. I can't leave you with the Dark Fae for another day."

Chase gave a deep-throated chuckle. "I wish it were that simple. Believe me, there's nothing I'd like better than to be your next door neighbor again."

I pulled away from him, looking up from my much shorter stature to stare into his impossibly beautiful blue eyes. "It is that simple. Honestly, what's so complicated about it? I want you there, you want to be there, I'm an elemental, you're my daemon ... done. Let's go." I forced myself completely out of his embrace and started to go, pulling on his arm and walking back towards the Light Fae compound.

He let himself be led for about three steps and then he stopped, grabbing my hand and pulling me back towards him. My heart sank when I realized he was going to fight me on this. I had to figure out what I could say to convince him - or I at least needed to understand what made it so difficult for him to just do what he wanted to do.

I turned back to face him and took a step to close the distance between us. At first I tried to keep the tears at bay, but then I decided, screw that. I let them rise up into my eyes and for once, allowed my vulnerability to show. As the first tear tracked down my cheek, I said, "Chase, please. Don't make me beg. I need you. Do you see Gorm over there? He's a mere shadow of you. And Scrum means well, but he's not you. You're the only daemon for me. Can't you see that?"

Chase reached up and put his hand on the side of my face, using his thumb to wipe away the tear that had fallen. His other hand went to my waist. "We will be together again, I promise. It can't be today, but soon."

"How soon?" I asked, my voice wavering.

He sighed. "Soon, soon."

I looked down for a second, trying to control myself, now a mixture of sad and mad. "Why the sigh, Chase? Am I making you angry with my neediness? Cuz, honestly, it's kinda pissing me off."

He spoke to me in hushed tones, so no one else would hear what he was saying. "No, don't be silly. There's a lot I wish I could tell you right now, that I know might make it easier for you to bear all of this ... but I can't. There are bigger things at work here - things bigger than us, if you know what I mean."

I squeezed his arm and said in an equally quiet tone, "I know you aren't who you said you are. I know you're from the Overworld." I stared into his eyes to watch his reaction closely. He didn't falter one iota.

"I knew Gorm would not be able to keep my secrets; and I'm okay with you knowing. I was going to tell you myself eventually."

"I have so many questions ... "

"I know. And one day soon, I will answer all of them. But not today. Not now."

"Why?" I demanded. If I hadn't been so close to him, I probably would have stomped my foot at the same time; but as it was, I was pressed up against him and would have ended up hurting someone's toes - his or mine. But I was seriously frustrated and the juvenile foot stomp would have made me feel better. I couldn't decide whether to beg him at this point or slap him. I had a feeling neither would work though, so I decided to just try and go with the flow. I was so not good at that technique.

"Jayne, the fae are on the brink of an epic war. Not just amongst themselves, but with others as well. I have been sent to do what I can to keep terrible things from happening. Once I have finished my work with the Dark Fae, I will come back to you. Dealing with the Light Fae will be my next mission."

"I guess it was a good thing that Tim pixied your ass, huh?"

"It wasn't an accident, Jayne. I needed an excuse to get into their compound. It was the fastest, most convincing way to gain entry and put myself at their disposal - and to get their ears to listen to my information."

I looked at him aghast. "You voluntarily pixied yourself? For me?"

"Yes. For you, for all of faekind."

"Wow. Are you like Jesus or something?"

Chase frowned at me. "Stop. I am no prophet, I am no savior, and I am no special son of any deity."

"Well, who exactly are you, Chase? Because this is all just one big f**king mystery to me and it never ceases to piss me off that I can't get to the bottom of it all."

Chase smiled. "Life is one big enigma. If you got to the bottom of it before the end of your lifetime, the rest of your life wouldn't be worth living, now would it? Where's the excitement in an existence with all the unknowns known?"

I thought about it for a second and said, "Well, I guess I'm okay with mystery, so long as it's a mystery to everyone else too. But it seems like around here, I'm the only one who has no idea what's going on. Even Becky's better informed than I am, which is pretty friggin sad when you think about it, considering she's a damn wienie water sprite."

Chase squeezed me while chuckling softly to himself. "Oh, I've missed you. I'm so glad you came. But I have to go now." He pulled away and tried to step back.

I grabbed his arm, keeping him from getting too far away. "Wait! I have to ask you one more thing, before you go. It's about Tim."

"Okay. One more thing."

"Becky said something about you using his son's blood in your antidote. Is that true?"

"Yes." Chase's face showed no other signs I could read, which was uber frustrating.

"He doesn't know he has a son, you know."

"No, I'm sure he doesn't."

"So how can that be? His wife left him when she was pregnant?"

"Yes. I believe that is what happened. In a manner of speaking."

"But what kind of horrible awful pixie does that to someone as sweet as Tim? I know he loved her."

"I cannot speak about the circumstances. However, if Tim should like to know, all he has to do is come to the Dark Fae compound to see Abby. I'm sure she will explain everything."

I snorted. "Yeah, right. The bitch just left him in the dust. She's obviously heartless."

"Or very big-hearted. You never know until you ask for the whole story."

I narrowed my eyes at him. "I don't like the games you're playing, Chase."

He reached up and rubbed my ear gently, giving me shivers. "I'm not playing games. Just trying to stay out of business that's not mine to be involved in."

"That's not really my style, though."

He laughed. "I know. That's one of the things I love about you."

"There are more?" I asked, slyly, totally ready to be regaled with all the things he loved about me. I'm not afraid to admit I was starved for his affection.

"Later, Jayne. I promise."

"Fine," I said, grouchily. I hated not getting my way. "So anyway, I just need to know one more thing and then I'll let you go ... " I decided to go for broke - put my heart out there on a platter and let him either pick it up gently and care for it, or smash it into a million, tiny, mushy, bloody pieces. I tried not to sound too lame, but putting my feelings and vulnerability out in front of a guy as big and as important to me as Chase had lameness written all over it by default. "Where do I stand in all this stuff? I mean ... with you ... or whatever ... " I sounded so pitiful, but I couldn't help it. I never felt so out there and unprotected as I did at this moment.

"Jayne," said Chase, pulling me close one more time and talking into my neck as he held me, "you are the reason I'm doing all this. I'm trying to make this a world you can walk in, live in, love in - without fear and without unnecessary pain. Some pain is inevitable and needed ... but not the pain some have in mind for you. Once I have neutralized that threat, I will be with you again, in spirit if nothing else."

I squeezed him harder. "I hope it doesn't take too long. And I'm not okay with you just being there in spirit, okay? I want all of you."

"Me too." He squeezed me gently back and then pulled away to look in my eyes. "In the meantime, you live your life, do your thing with whoever, and don't worry about me. I will always be there for you, no matter what decisions you make."

"What kind of decisions are you talking about?" It kind of sounded like he was giving me permission to mess around with other guys or something, which was weird and made me kind of sad.

"Any. Any kind of decisions. Who you decide to spend your time with, what you do when you're with those people, where you decide to go, what you decide to believe in. No matter what. I am always going to be there for you - without judgment."

"Wow. You really are like Jesus."

He chuckled. "No, I'm really not. I'm nothing like who he is portrayed to be. I'm missing, among many other qualities, the ability to sacrifice myself for all faekind. I am here only for you."

"Okay, so you're my own personal messiah then."

"If you must label it that way to fully appreciate the depth of feeling I have for you, then go ahead. But I'm not perfect and I'm not completely selfless either."

I looked into his eyes, searching for any signs he was messing with me but I saw none. "I do like the label, Chase. Yes ... I think it suits you. And for now, I'm okay with you running around being a secret diplomat or whatever; but at some point, I'm not going to be happy with the long-distance thing. I could get hurt, you know. If you're not there to watch my back."

His eyes darkened. "Don't remind me. I'm doing everything I can to keep that from happening, and trust me, it's a full-time job."

"Wow," I said, a little stunned at that information, "I had no idea I was hated on such a global scale."

"Not hated. No, that's not it at all. Desired would be a better word. Lots of fae and others desire to have you so that they can be the beneficiaries of your power. The vast majority of them do not have your best interests at heart, however."

"Okaaaay then," I said in a singsong voice, "better hurry up and get back to meeee. So I don't start hanging out with the wrong croooowwwd ..."

He frowned at me. "It's not a joke, Jayne. It's serious."

"Oh, I know. I'm just saying ... I'm not the most talented elemental, if you haven't heard, so I can't be responsible for what happens if you're not there to watch my six."

Chase shook me slightly by the upper arms, like I'd done to Becky earlier, but gentler. "Stop. Being your daemon in the Here and Now has been the most difficult thing I've ever had to do, for many reasons. Please don't make it harder than it already is."

I stuck my tongue out at him and gave him a raspberry. "Tthhppbbttt. No one ever said life was going to be easy. Especially with me in it."

"Truer words were never spoken," said Chase, giving me a half-smile.

"Hey!" I said, playfully punching his chest.

He grabbed my hand before I could pull it back, enveloping it in his giant palm and wrapping his warm fingers around it. "Just be careful."

"Fine." I pulled my hand away and backed up. "See you soon, P.J."

Chase looked at me in confusion.

I smiled back, giving no explanation of his new nickname, Personal Jesus. It was probably sacrilegious or something, but I didn't care. I was a Sunday school dropout and perfectly okay with that. I knew I wasn't going to use the name permanently - only in dire situations when I needed to express that he was making me cranky. And he was doing that right now, by refusing to come home with me. It was going to make my cell of a room seem much colder.

Tim buzzed down to join us. "So, let's get back to the good stuff. You were saying you had something to tell me? A little secret from the watery wuss?"

Chapter 11

I was trying to figure out the best way to tell Tim the secret. I knew I couldn't keep it from him - it was only right that he knew he had a child, for shit's sake. I couldn't figure out why the hell no one thought to tell him before, especially his stupid wife. I couldn't wait to meet that wench so I could give her a piece of my mind.

"Stop trying to make up a story in your head, Jayne. Just tell me the truth."

I waved him away. "I am, I am. Just let me figure it all out first."

"No!" he demanded, hovering in front of my face now. "Out with it! Secrets give me indigestion!"

"Good lord, Tim, no need to threaten me with the gas chamber."

He just frowned at me, his arms crossed over his chest.

I fixed him with a stare. "Why have you been so cranky lately? You're acting like a brat, like, all the time now. I'm starting to think you're not happy being my roommate."

Tim zoomed in so close to my face he was practically sitting on my nose. I went completely cross-eyed for a second and then shut my eyelids to keep myself from getting a headache. "I can see your nostril hairs, Tim, you're too close."

"Fine." His voice was coming from farther away. "I'm back now. Open your eyes."

I followed his command and waited for his response.

He pouted. "I don't know what's wrong with me either, other than the fact that I've been grounded way too much lately. Pixies don't do well without their wings. We were meant to fly." He punctuated the last word with a flip and a barrel roll, finishing up to hover a couple feet in front of me again.

"Okay. But you have your wings back now, so you have no more excuses for being a brat. Cheer up or else."

"Or else what?"

"Tim!"

"Okay, okay, chill out crazy eyes. I was only kidding. Geez."

I glared at him and he had the brains to put his hands behind his back and look remorseful.

"May I ask what the secret is, your high-and-mightyness?"

I tried to pull up the righteous indignation that his smart ass probably deserved, but it was impossible. I smiled instead. He was bringing me back from the romantic goofy cloud I'd been floating on, to deal with his pixie attitude. Anyone who says pixies are small? Doesn't know pixies very well.

"Yes, pissant. You may ask."

"What is the secret you and Becky are withholding from me?"

"Okay, I'm going to tell you, but first, a warning."

"A warning? That doesn't sound good."

"No, it's not, really. But here it is anyway. Some conditions actually ... first, you can't go all ballistic and pixie someone here." I looked around me to make my point and noticed that Chase had managed to slip away while I was arguing with His Tinyness. But Tony was standing off to the side, speaking with Scrum and Finn in a quiet voice. Gorm was lying under the tree snoring his head off. I wondered if the real Chase would do that, if I ever got to sleep in the same room with him. I had to immediately check my thoughts and keep them from going any further down that road. I had a soon-to-be-pissed-off pixie to wrangle. I continued with my conditions, adding, "Second, you cannot fly away and try to deal with this without me."

Tim sized me up, at first not saying anything.

"I'm not going to tell you if you don't agree to my terms. And you have to swear on your life that you won't break your promise."

"You know that fae promises made on their own lives can't be broken, right?"

"No, I didn't - but thanks for telling me."

"Fine. I agree to your terms."

"Okay then." I took a deep breath, wondering if I was going to regret this. "I was told by Becky that your blood that the Dark Fae healers used, ran out - so they needed to find a relative of yours to get a fresh batch."

Tim looked confused for a second. "And they found one?"

"Yes." I eyed him warily. So far, so good.

"Where?"

"In the Dark Fae compound."

Now Tim looked suspicious which made me nervous. Shit, here it comes.

"I don't have any relatives in the Dark Fae compound except She-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named ... Abby. The abandoner of husbands."

I couldn't help but laugh. "I thought we weren't supposed to name her."

"Shut up. I'm under duress right now. I can't be held accountable."

"Yes you can ... you promised."

"Okay, okay, I know already. Just tell me the rest. Stick the knife the rest of the way in and twist it. I'm ready for the pain."

I doubt it, was all I could think, before I said, "You have one other relative in the Dark Fae compound with Abby. Your child. You and Abby have a son."

Tim's face went white and he faltered in midair. I shot my hand out just in time to catch him before he went into a death spiral onto the forest floor. He landed on his back in the palm of my hand, his eyes closed. He looked unconscious.

"Tim?!" I yelled, in full panic.

Finn, Tony and Scrum came rushing over. "What happened?" asked Tony, his voice full of concern.

"I just gave him some amazingly awful news."

"What?" asked Finn. "Did ya tell him he has to give his wings up again?"

"No, worse. But I can't tell you what I said. If he wants to tell you he can, but it's kind of private." I didn't even spare them a glance. All of my attention was focused on Tim's prone body.

"Tim, wake up, please," I begged.

"Is he ... dead?" whispered Scrum.

"No. I think he fainted," I said.

Tony reached over carefully and used his finger to push on Tim's leg. "Hey. Tim. Buddy. Wake up. We're all here for ya."

I nudged Tony with my elbow, letting him know I appreciated his support for Tim. I had a feeling Tim was going to need a lot of it. Man did that pixie-girl do a number on his heart.

Tim began to stir.

Scrum leaned in and got really close to Tim's body, saying, "I think he's waking up. Do you think he's okay? Maybe he had a heart attack or something."

Tim got a disgusted look on his face. "Holy gnome-head!" he groaned out angrily. His eyes shot open and he quickly scrambled crab-like over the side of my hand farthest from Scrum's face. "Get that foul stench away from me!"

I touched Scrum's shoulder. "He wants you to move back. You're too close."

Scrum stood up. "Oh. Sorry about that. I know, big faces can be scary."

"Yeah," said Tim, standing up and brushing invisible smells off his arms and chest, scowling, "and the stink of a gnome's head can be downright nightmarish."

I tried not to laugh but a small giggle escaped. I was tentatively hopeful about how this was progressing, but then one look at Tim's white face and tiny pinched lips told me not to be so hasty.

"So. I have a son. Well. Isn't that just peachy."

"Tim, I have reason to believe it's not what it seems like."

"Not like what?" he feigned innocent casualness. "Not like she's a heartless pixie wench who left me, bore my child, and then hid him from me? No. It can't be that."

"Sarcasm is for slackers, Tim."

"Sarcasm is for angry pixies who have sworn not to pixelate others or fly off to handle matters themselves."

I nodded my head. "Okay. Be sarcastic if you need to be. Just understand that both Becky and Chase said things aren't as they seem. So I think the most mature and un-Jayne-like thing we could do is arrange to have a nice civil conversation with the wench who shall not be named, called Abby, and see what she has to say for herself."

"And what would the Jayne-like thing to do be?"

"Mmmm ... probably go in there, guns blazing, blasting her ass off and then asking questions later?"

"I choose Plan B," said Tim, nodding for emphasis.

"Nope. I can't let you do it."

"Why? You know that's what you'd do!"

"Yeah, Tim, but you're smarter than me."

"Can I get that in writing?"

"No, shut up. So what's the plan then? Do you want to try now or do this another day?"

"I'm not in the mood now. I have to think about this. It's too much to process all at once. I need to be in top shape to deal with that she-pixie. My wings are too new." He folded his fingers together and turned them backwards, cracking all his knuckles. It made me wonder if he'd resort to physical violence against his ex-wife, but I dismissed that thought from my head as quickly as it came. Tim was no wife-beater. He might be a wife-berater though - and that would be more effective, since he was practically a master at that. I'd been on the receiving end of his verbal assaults often enough to be a good judge.

"Okay, fair enough. We'll come back then, when you're ready. Want to head back? To the compound? It must be time to eat dinner by now." I looked up above our heads, through the treetops. The sun was definitely going down and the air was taking on a chill.

"Fine," he said, all mopey. "Mind if I ride your shoulder? I'm feeling kinda tired."

"Sure, Tim. Hop on board the happy train!"

He mumbled as he settled down for the ride back. "Happy train, my hairy pixie butt. More like the train into the bottomless abyss of pain."

I laughed. A complaining Tim was as close to a happy Tim as I was going to get right now. I would have been a lot more worried if he had been silent. Fortunately, I didn't have to concern myself. Tim kept up a constant prattle of awesome cut downs and insults he could use on the mother of his child when he saw her again. I noticed he said not one word, though, about the son he'd just discovered he has.

Chapter 12

The guys and I trekked back through the forest and across the meadow to get to the dining hall in time for dinner. On a whim I decided to go check my emails first, though; I hadn't bothered to do it since before Tony had come back. I couldn't imagine any of my old friends sending me one, since they hadn't in a long time, but maybe there'd be some funny 'grow your penis five inches' spam emails to laugh over. That would cheer Tim up for sure.

I ended up going solo with Tim since the rest of them decided to go straight to dinner. Scrum promised to keep a close eye on Gorm to make sure he stuck to the buffet menu and didn't help himself to any of the fae in the dining room.

I sat down at the computer and logged onto my account, seeing right away that I had ten unread messages, all from my mother. "Holy shit," I said absently as I navigated with the mouse. My mom never emails me. I didn't think she even cared that I was gone.

"What? Any good penis ones? How about boobs? Do they have pictures this time?" Tim jumped off my shoulder to hover in front of the screen. "Who's 'm.blackthorn65 at gmail'?"

"It's my mom." I clicked on the oldest one and started reading.

Dear Jayne, Hi, I hope you are doing okay. I really don't even know where you are. I hope you are safe and happy. I have talked to Tony's parents so I know you are together. The reason I'm writing is because I was hoping I could convince you to come home. I really need to see you. Can you tell me where you are? Maybe I could come to you. Love, Mom.

"What the ... hell?" My brain was short-circuiting.

Tim was still busy reading it.

"This can't really be from my mom. She would never write an email like this." The fact that it was just too unlike her made me feel kind of queasy.

"Why not? It sounds like a normal mom. Kind of."

"Well, first of all, my mom's not a normal mom. She's missing the critical protective mother instinct module. And second, if she's still married to Rick the Dick, she doesn't want to see me. I know that for a fact."

"Open the other ones," urged Tim.

I clicked on each one of them and they were all exactly the same, except for the last one.

Dear Jayne, I haven't received a reply from you. I really need to see you. It's urgent. Please, come home immediately.

I clicked through the windows to shut them all down and logged off as fast as I could.

"Why'd you do that? I wasn't finished reading it," said Tim, his hands on his hips in indignation.

"I'm not sure. I got a really creepy feeling is all."

"Creepy as in 'I really need to go see my mom'?"

"No, creepy as in 'something's out to get me' creepy."

Tim frowned at me. "I think you're reading a little too much into it. Why would your mother be out to get you?"

I got an idea and quickly went back onto the computer.

"What are you doing? Are you going to send her an email?"

"Hell no. I'm going to hack into Tony's account and see if his parents are sending him emails."

"You have hacking skills you haven't told me about?" Tim sounded very impressed, in a devilish sort of way.

"Hardly. Tony has one email account and I can guess what his password is in three guesses or less. I'll bet you."

"No thanks. You guys know way too much about each other. I'll just admire your skills from here." He flew to hover near the left side of the screen, adding, "I wonder if he gets penis emails too."

"I think everyone does," I said absently, as I clicked to his username and password screen. "Let's try this one for the password. It's one of his favorites."

K-A-S-P-A-R-O-V.

I clicked 'submit' but received a red message that the password I had entered didn't match their records.

"Shit. I thought for sure that was it."

"Who's ... Kasparov ... ?"

"Some guy who beat a computer at chess a long time ago - Tony's hero."

"Nerd alert."

"Yeah, tell me about it. Alright, this is my second best guess ... "

C-H-E-C-K-M-A-T-E

"That didn't work either, did it?" asked Tim.

"Nope. Last guess, then I'm going to have to go all honest and make Tony tell it to me."

E-N-D-G-A-M-E

"Endgame. Weird," said Tim as he waited for the failure message to appear or not appear.

"Tony uses that term a lot, especially now. It's applicable to chess and the war stuff." I watched as the red warning message came up again. "Dammit! Punk changed his password on me."

"Do you think he knows you hack in?"

"Of course he does. Whenever I do, I change his display name on his email so when it goes out it doesn't say Tony anymore."

Tim giggled. "What does it say?"

I shrugged. "Depends on my mood. If I could get in there today, it would say 'Ass Wanker'."

Tim clapped his hands with glee. "Try one more time. Just one more. Let's put in this one." He zipped over and started bouncing from one key to the next, tapping out his password guess.

J-A-Y-N-E.

"It's not going to be that word, Tim, that's too ... "

I cut my sentence off abruptly when the screen started showing his emails appearing like magic.

"What in the ... ?" I smiled. "He loves me. Kid can't help himself." I felt all warm inside, knowing he had to have set this password before we got here. That made me feel good all over again for bringing him back with me.

Tim was congratulating himself, taking bows to his invisible audience. "Yes, ladies and gentlefae, I know, I know. I am amazing, aren't I? That's right. I'm a hacker. I hack stuff. Did you see me hack that mother? Yes, you did. I hacked it. I hack all the time, actually."

I ignored him and stared at the list of ten unread messages, all from his family's home email address. His parents insisted on using one address for the whole family when they were around. Tony ignored the rule when they weren't.

I clicked on the oldest one and read it under my breath.

Dear Tony, Hello. You are urgently needed at home. Your mother is ill. Sincerely, Dad.

"Wow. Short and not so sweet," said Tim.

"Yeah. His parents suck ass. If this isn't them, it's a good imitation."

"So what's up with the parents trying to get the kids home? Normal human parent behavior, right?"

"I don't know. I guess. But it seems too weird to me for some reason." I clicked on all the messages in his box and they all said the same thing. Every time I clicked a new one and the same message popped up, I felt sicker and sicker to my stomach. I opened up another separate window and looked into my own account again. I noticed immediately that the emails to my account had been sent on the same days as Tony's, only minutes apart. Maybe one of us with a bunch of repeat message in our inboxes I could believe ... but both of us with the exact same number of them? Same dates and times? No. Not normal. Our parents hated each other. They were in cahoots with each other.

I shut down the accounts without remembering to change Tony's display name. It suddenly didn't seem like so much fun anymore. Asshole parents - sucking the joy out of life, once again. But was it really our parents? That, I wasn't sure of. I had a sick feeling in my stomach that I didn't really want to know the answer.

"What? What's wrong? I can tell when you squinch up your eyebrows like that you're upset." Tim flew over to be in front of my face, blocking the computer screen. "Talk to Doctor Tim. Tell him aaaalllll your troubles and secrets."

I was glad Tim was back to his sassy old self; but it wasn't enough to block out the sense of doom that was now hanging over my head. "I'll tell you what's bothering me, Doctor Tim, but can I do it when I have Tony and the others with me? I want to cogitate on this for a minute."

"Cogitate. Wow, good word. Okay, yeah, sure. I wanted to go see if they have strawberries on the buffet anyway. I have a craving for something juicy and red."

I looked at him knowingly. "So you can stab the poor thing with your vicious knife and make it bleed?"

He shrugged his shoulders, trying to look innocent. "Maybe."

"Maybe my ass." I got up and walked to the door. "Come on. Let's go murder some fruit."

"Woo hooo!" yelled Tim, as he flew out the door in front of me and down the hall, his knife pointed out in front of him and his body in superhero flying position.

I followed him slowly down the hallway, ruminating over the disturbing messages, trying to decide what they could mean. Maybe they were really nothing more than anxious parents suddenly realizing they had kids that mattered. But then again, maybe they were something else entirely.

Chapter 13

I went to the dining hall and loaded up my plate with salad, a piece of chicken, and two strawberries. I figured they would keep Tim busy with his massacre for a while so I could talk to Tony without too much interference.

I noticed a lot of new faces in the room, many of them older than the usual changeling bunch. I figured these were some of the fae who Dardennes had mentioned would be coming to stay with us to arm up for the war. I kept my head down and made my way over to our usual table.

I sat between Tony and Spike, interrupting their conversation with my body block. Tim flew down to the table and attacked the first strawberry, making a few preliminary slashes in the air first, dancing around a bit, and then stabbing it mercilessly in the center, sending juice down to stain the table cloth.

"Hello, boys," I said. "What'd I miss?"

Spike gestured with his fork towards Scrum and Gorm, isolated from the rest of the diners at a table together in the corner. "Not much. Just a little excitement over the cannibal in our midst again."

"Yeah, well, they need to deal with it for a while longer."

"I thought he said his debt was paid," said Tony. "Why is he still here?"

I looked over at Gorm and he noticed me, waving with his fork and grinning enough that I could see the squiggly meats in his mouth only half-chewed. I waved back and tried to smile at him, but I'm sure it came out more like a grimace. After having my moments with Chase earlier, seeing this perverted image of him was just too unnerving. I had to work hard to keep visions of Gorm putting his arms around me, from intruding into my conscious mind.

"Good question. I have no idea. Maybe he likes us. Anyway, Tony, I need to talk to you about something super urgent. Like level-nine disturbing shit, just behind orc visitations."

Tony put his fork down and wiped his mouth. "Talk to me. I'm all ears."

Spike leaned in and I gestured at Finn, letting him know he should listen in too. "I went onto our email accounts."

"Oh, isn't that cute. You guys share an email account?" asked Spike winking at me and shoving me a little with his elbow.

Tony rolled his eyes. "Yeah, right. More like she constantly hacks into my email account."

Finn's eyebrows rose up at that. "You're a hacker?"

"Pfft. Right. You don't need to be a hacker to get into Tony's email account. A two year old could do it."

"Hey. It's not that easy," said Tony, in mock offense.

"You have three passwords you use over and over - and anyone who's known you for more than an hour could guess what they are."

Tony smiled. "I'm surprised you guessed the latest one."

I smiled back at him. "I didn't. Tim did."

Tony's eyes bugged out. "So now Tim's hacking my account too?"

"Don't worry, Tony," said Tim, "Total boringsville. You didn't even have any penis messages." Tim continued to slice and dice the enemy strawberry that now looked like it had been in a very serious accident with a big piece of farm equipment used to hack down large stalks of wheat.

"Not to worry. Tim only goes in looking for spam. He didn't find any in your account."

"Yeah. I put up a cool spam filter. Nothing gets past it."

"Well, some messages from your parents did. Or someone impersonating your parents."

"What?" asked Tony, visibly disturbed. "My parents emailed me?" He stood as if to go.

I grabbed his forearm and forced him to sit back down. "Not so fast, Baloney. I have to tell you about my emails first."

Tony slowly sat back down in his seat. "Okay, so tell me. But as soon as you're done, I'm going to the computer room."

"Fine." I looked up to see Scrum walking over, being trailed by Gorm.

"Scrum, pull up a chair," I said. "You too, Gormagon. We're discussing some disturbing emails Tony and I got."

Finn mouthed the question, "Gormagon?" at me.

I just shrugged in response. I had a thing with nicknames sometimes. It seemed to fit. Maybe I'd look it up online later to see if it actually meant anything.

Two chairs were dragged over in short order and I began the story, telling them what Tim and I found on the two accounts. When I finished I said, "So, what bothers me is that we both had exactly ten messages, they were both repeats - except mine that had one last desperate one that was so not like my mom it's not even funny - and they were sent on the same days and times. And they're both demanding that we come home." I looked around at the serious faces around me. "Weird, right? Weird? Or is it just me?"

Tony shook his head. "No, it's not just you. It's weird. Our parents don't exactly get along. I can't imagine them getting together and coordinating emails like that."

I snorted. "That's putting it mildly. Your parents think my mom is a sleezebag."

"She's not. Her husband is, but not her."

"You're right. She's just a ... blind, weak ... I don't know what."

Tim stopped his torture of the fruit to comment. "It's not like you to be unable to come up with the perfect insult, Jayne. Something tells me you need a little time on Doctor Tim's psychoanalysis couch."

I smiled briefly, shaking my head at his silliness. I was glad to see he was moving constructively past his anger over Abby - at least for now.

"Well, I for one think you should talk to them council members or at least Dardennes about it," said Finn. "If someone's tryin' to get you to come home, they're gonna have to be involved anyhow. They're the ones with the keys to the plane."

"I agree," said Spike. "And sooner rather than later. They're going to be really busy with all these fae coming in."

"I noticed some new faces in here tonight," I said, curiosity getting the better of me. "Anyone know who's who?"

Tony spoke up. "We've gotten twenty-eight fae in so far. Another load is due in anytime, coming from all over Europe. We are expecting several more groups tomorrow. That will be about all of them."

"What kind of fae are we getting?" I asked, taking note of the various tunics I saw around me. It looked like we had a fair number of elves, which was good. They were awesome fighters and I could link with them, no problem. I saw two witches, and made a mental note to introduce myself to them as soon as I had a chance. Burning the bridge by pissing Maggie off had temporarily left me without a witch-partner to help me out with cures and stuff when I inadvertently screwed things up. Every elemental needs a good witch friend on stand-by. That was my new motto - one of them anyway.

Tony continued, interrupting my train of thought, "Lots of green elves are coming, some gray elves. A group of dwarves from inside some mountain somewhere, too. I hear they're bringing lots of iron weapons with them."

"Iron weapons? What's that all about?" asked Scrum.

"They're known for that stuff. They have, I don't know, magical properties to them or something. Like the axe I have, that I was told I used in the changeling test."

"Cool. Who else is coming?"

Tony looked up toward his brain as if he could read some list he had there. "Let's see ... some ogres, some silver elves, a couple of wood sprites, ... "

I had to roll my eyes at that one. I couldn't imagine them doing anything but hiding in the trees when the Dark Fae came marching in.

" ... oh, and a siren and one wrathe."

My face brightened. "Oh cool! One of your kind, Tony! You're gonna learn so much!"

"I know," said Tony, smiling his head off, "I'm psyched. I can't wait to talk to him about the Gray."

"I'd like to be in on that conversation," said Spike.

"Me too," I agreed.

Tony shrugged. "You guys are all welcome. It's no secret what I do. I'll share with anyone who wants to know."

"Can I come too?" asked Scrum.

"Sure," said Tony. "Scrum, you're always invited. You don't need to ask."

Scrum's face lit up and his ears got pink. "Thanks, Tony," he said softly.

I punched him in the shoulder just to help him get over whatever it was that was making him feel weird. He looked at me and smiled, totally getting me, I think. One could never totally tell with Scrum, though. Sometimes the guy would be out in the weeds somewhere just when you thought for sure he was on board and completely in synch.

"Any incubi coming along?" asked Spike, all quiet now.

"No," said Tony, his eyes sparkling with mischief. "But I heard we have a pair of succubi coming - twins - on their way from California."

Spike gripped the edge of the table, his face jutting out towards Tony. "No!"

"Yes!" said Tony, enthusiastically. "There are more than a few fae excited to meet them. Apparently they're very attractive."

Spike ran his hands through his hair nervously. "I need a haircut. I need a new shirt."

I laughed. Of all the things to worry about right now ... "No you don't. You look awesome."

"Cut my hair, Jayne. I need a haircut bad."

"Me? Are you crazy? You want to end up looking like Scrum?"

Scrum reached his hand up to his fluffy mess. "What's wrong with my hair?"

"Nothing! If you're a dirt-eating gnome!" yelled Tim, laughing maniacally after.

"I'm just messing with you, Scrum. Your hair is fine."

Scrum frowned, but moved his hand away from his head, looking as if he didn't quite believe me.

"Please, Jayne? I'll do anything."

"Anything?" I asked. Possibilities began running through my head. Personal slave for a day, masseuse, Chase kidnapper, hmmmm.

"Okay, fine. Find me some scissors and a comb and bring them to my room later. But no fair blaming me if I screw up the 'do. I'm not a professional. I cut Tony's hair a couple times, but it didn't always work out so well."

"Yeah. I remember one time having to go to the barber after, and he asked me if I'd used a weed whacker to cut my own hair."

I laughed. "Yeah, that was a bad one. Ahh, the memories." I looked over at Spike, raising an eyebrow. "Consider yourself warned."

"I'm cool with it. I'll just gel it if you screw it up."

I shrugged. "Can we get back to the important stuff now? Like weird emails from weird parents?"

Tony looked at me with a serious look on his face and said, "Do you think they were from our parents, really? Or someone else? Since apparently my email isn't exactly a secure account, it could have been anyone, really."

"I think they're from someone else. It's just too coincidental and too unlike them."

"So what do we do about it?"

"I think we do what Finn suggested. Let's talk to Dardennes about it."

"Okay." Tony put his fork down. "I'm ready now."

"Well, I still have to eat. Why don't you go to the computer room and take a look?"

Tony stood. "Anyone want to go with me?"

Scrum looked at Gorm before saying, "We'll go. We've finished eating."

Spike stood too. "I'll meet up with you guys later in Jayne's room. I have to go find a new pair of pants. And a shirt. And maybe some shoes."

I shook my head. Guys are so pitiful. Someone says 'pretty twins' and they get all stupid on themselves. It would serve him right if they sucked the life out of him. I sincerely hoped they wouldn't, but still.

"Are you jealous?" asked Tim as Spike walked away.

"Jealous? Of who?"

"Of the twins, of course. Who else would I be talking about?"

"You could be talking about yourself."

"Pfft. I don't need to ask that question. I know you're jealous of my awesomeness. Everyone is. Could you imagine what you could do with wings? No, crazy eyes, you couldn't. Because it's too amazing to even imagine. Naturally you're envious of me. I try not to rub it in, though. That wouldn't be polite."

"And you're nothing but polite, right?"

"Of course. My mother raised me right. Everyone says so."

"Mmmm-hmmm," I said non-committally.

"Don't talk about my momma," warned Tim, holding his tiny knife out towards my face.

"What?" I laughed, "Are you gonna cut me if I do?"

"No. Yes. Maybe."

"Tim, your momma is sooo ugly ... "

"Jayne, I'm warning you ... "

"Her brownie replaced all her tunics with brown ones."

Tim gasped. "You! Oh. No. You. Did not just call my momma an ogre!"

I started laughing so hard, I had to hold my stomach. All the stress of worrying about some mystery ass**le possibly impersonating my mother was coming out in gasps now. It felt awesome. Tim was stomping around the table, mumbling about the revenge he was going to get on me later.

He jerked his head towards me, fluttering his wings so fast I could hardly see them, elevating himself slowly and dramatically up to my eye-level. "You do realize, I have my wings back, right?"

I looked at him with my mouth forcefully pushed into a frown, trying to pretend I was no longer laughing, but short bursts of giggles kept sneaking through. "Yes, Doctor Tim."

"And you realize, I could cut you up like a big fat strawberry, right?"

I blinked hard a few times, trying to keep the laughter at bay and the tears of hilarity from falling out of my eyes. "Yes, Doctor Tim."

"Then I suggest. That you check yourself. Before you wreck yourself. Girl!"

The laugh came blasting out of my mouth so forcefully, the gust of breath-wind and sound blew Tim backwards and into an uncontrolled spinout that resulted in him falling to the table and rolling over a few times like a pixie tumbleweed. He came to rest in a sitting position, his hair all over the place and his tunic askew.

He jumped to his feet and immediately began putting his hair to rights - then he started brushing off his tunic and pants, dusting off every last bit of lint or other invisible thing, before turning to face me.

"Consider yourself on my bad list until further notice," he snipped.

I play-frowned at him. "Is that like being on Santa's bad list, by any chance?"

"It's worse."

"Oh, shit. That sucks."

"Yes, Jayne, it does. It really does," he said haughtily.

"I'm sorry I talked bad about your momma." I used every ounce of energy I had to keep more laughter from bubbling to the surface. I had to sleep in the same room with him and I really didn't want him mad at me. "Seriously. I know she's awesome."

"You don't even know her."

"Yeah, but look at her son. How could she be anything less?"

"Flattery doesn't work on me, Jayne." He reached over without thinking and started brushing one of his wings, a sure sign he was feeling good about himself.

"Oh, I know. I'm not flattering you. I'm just telling it like it is. You're smart, good-looking, nice ... "

"Don't forget crafty. And my hacking skills, too."

"Oh, you're a hacker now?"

"Shoot, I've been a hacker for years. I told you before. Pixies are good with electronics."

I nodded my head. "I did forget. And that's good to know. So ... yeah. You're awesome. I'm not worthy."

He nodded, in complete agreement with me.

"So are we good then? On the momma thing?"

Tim thought about it for a second and then said, "Yeah, okay. We're good. Just be careful. Pixies love their mommas. A lot."

"Okay. No more momma jokes. But hey - you have to admit. That was a good one."

Tim frowned at me. "If it was about someone else's momma, then I'd agree with you. But no. It was not funny at all."

I could see him trying not to smile, so I let it slide. The evil part of me was happy to have found another hot button with him. I did so love to tease me some pixie. But the survivor in me told me to save the momma jokes for only very special occasions. It was very potent stuff, only to be used in case of fire or other imminent peril.

I finished my dinner in record time and then stood, looking at Finn. "You ready to hunt down Dardennes with us? Or are you going to your room or whatever?"

"Nah, I'll go with you. I ain't got nothin' better to do."

We left the room, and found our way to Dardennes' door. We knocked three times and entered, finding Tony, Scrum and Gorm already there.

They turned to look at us as we entered, Dardennes smiling broadly at our appearance. "Jayne. Finn. So nice to see you."

Tim flew over and did a pirouette right in front of Dardennes' face.

"Oh, and Tim. I'm sorry, I didn't notice you before. My, what handsome wings you've grown since I saw you last. Very impressive."

I winked at Dardennes and he nodded his head to me very slightly. Obviously the old guy knew his pixie stuff. Tim was happily preening on the corner of the silver elf's desk now, basking in the glow of his own amazingness.

I shook my head. It was almost too easy.

"Tony was just telling me about the emails you've received."

"Yeah. So, what's the verdict? Fair or foul? Should we be worried?"

"I'm not certain. I've asked Tony to take this matter to the gray elves for their review. I trust their judgment implicitly. We can decide what to do after we've heard from them." He looked first at Tony and then at me. "Do you wish to go see your families? I would normally recommend a quick trip in the Gray, for you Tony at least, but in this case, I don't think it would work. You won't see exactly what's going on and the haze that's present could completely skew the reality. It could cause more harm than good, especially if there's a ... presence ... there."

I looked at Tony and he looked at me. We both shrugged at each other.

I spoke first. "We haven't really talked about it yet. I guess I am kind of worried something's wrong with my mom. Even if it wasn't her, it's someone pretending to be her, so ... I don't know ... maybe she's in danger. And that bothers me."

"That's how I feel too," said Tony, nodding his head at me. "My parents don't deserve to be dragged into our fae business. I'd just as soon keep them apart from it all. But if the fae are there, causing problems, I'd like to go take care of it. And if you say it's not a good idea to go through the Gray, I'm willing to travel there by plane. Immediately."

"They could be gettin' into the email from anywhere," said Finn. "Goin' home ain't gonna do nothin' 'cept get you right where they want you."

"Yeah, but what if it's real?" I asked. "What if my mom is really ill or something?"

"Have you emailed your parents back?" asked Dardennes.

I shook my head as did Tony.

"Perhaps that would be a good first step. Why don't you just ask them for a simple explanation of the problem and take whatever their response is back to the gray elves for them to analyze. Once we get their feedback we'll decide what to do about it."

I nodded and so did Tony. I looked at Finn and he stuck his bottom lip out, shrugging his shoulders, as if to say he agreed. I looked at Scrum to get his opinion, but he was busy grabbing Gorm's arm and shaking his head firmly back and forth. I noticed then that Gorm's other hand had been slowly reaching out towards Tim, still on the corner of the desk, now totally involved in the grooming of his iridescent wings. Uh-oh. It looked like Gorm was thinking a pixie might be the perfect dessert to top off his meal of squirmy wormies. I took a step to my right, effectively coming between him and Tim. No need to let Tim know he was in mortal danger. We'd already seen the real Chase pixelated; no need to see a buggane-Chase pixelated too.

I twisted my head around to look at Gorm and saw him pouting, his hands back where they belonged. I sent Scrum a look of gratitude and he nodded his head at me, quickly putting his eyes back on Gorm. I felt much better knowing Scrum was around, now that Gorm had declared his duty done.

"Ready to go to the computer room, Jayne?" asked Tony.

"Sure."

"Thank you for stopping by. I feel as though I've hardly spoken to you these days," said Dardennes.

I was a little surprised that he sounded bummed about that.

"Anytime you need to speak with me, please don't hesitate to come by my office."

We all mumbled our thanks and goodbyes and made a hasty retreat. When he acted all nicey nice like that it made me a little nervous. I'm not sure why. Maybe because I knew he had a dark past and all this hidden power stuff going on, and yet, it wasn't noticeable on the outside. He seemed just like a nice old grandpa sometimes.

We went to the computer room, en masse. We squeezed into the small space, Tony and I logging onto our accounts as everyone looked over our shoulders. There were two new messages, one on each of our accounts.

Tony clicked on his and I clicked on mine. It was more of the same for both of us. Urgent messages to come home. Bad stuff going on with our parents.

"So what do we say to them?" I asked. "Should we make them the same, like they did?"

"No," said Tony, master chess player, "we need to make them different and normal-sounding. Don't let them know that we know about each other's emails. I'm going to time mine to be sent a few hours from now, so they won't go out at the same time. We want them to think we're not in on each other's business."

I started typing. "Good idea. I'm so glad you stuck with chess club all those years."

"Yeah, me too," said Tony, squinting at the screen as he furiously typed out his message and then started clicking all over his account to set up the delayed sending option.

Tim started reading my message out loud, helping me edit, "Dear Mom. What's wrong? Are you sick? Do you meed me? You have to change that to an 'n', Jayne. Need, not meed."

I clicked over and fixed it while he continued.

"I hope you're not sick. Can't Rick the total dick help you?"

"Jayne, I don't think you should put that in there."

"I know. A girl can dream though." I went back and deleted the part of the message I really wanted to have in there.

"Can't Rick help you?"

"Sign it: Love, Jayne," urged Tim.

"Why?" I was grumpy. I did love her, but she didn't make it easy. I almost wanted to punish her and not say it. Maybe use 'sincerely' instead. Seeing Rick's name in print had brought back many of the unhappy feelings that tended to crop up between my mom and me.

"Because. If it's really her, and she really needs you, you'll feel bad if you're mean."

"No I won't."

Tim flew up into my face. "Jayne, mommas are sacred. Even when they screw everything up, they still deserve your love. Without her, you wouldn't be you."

"Pfft. Right."

"Or look at it this way. Without her being who she is, you wouldn't be here with me today. And we've both already agreed about how lucky you are to be my roommate. So, hey. What about that?"

I smiled at him, holding out my hand so he could settle himself in my palm in front of my face. "You're right. I'm glad she's an ass**le."

"That's the spirit!" yelled Tim, smiling like a loon. "Now put it in the email. Love, Jayne. Do it."

I went ahead and followed Tim's orders, realizing as I typed that I was doing a lot of that lately - letting this little squirt of a man boss me around. I guess it wasn't all bad. He might be vain, goofy, and gassy - but he was pretty perceptive. Pixies were good with more than electronics.

"Okay, all set," said Tony, clicking three more times to shut his account off. "Ready to go cut some hair? I could use a trim too."

"Are you serious? Do you not remember the humiliation last time? My skills got worse, not better, with practice."

"It's okay. We have witches with brews and charms here." He smiled big at me.

I smiled back, shaking my head. "Okay then. Haircuts it is."

"Um, Jayne?" asked Scrum, shyly. "Would you mind doing mine too?"

I looked at him warily. "Uh. Yeah. But you have to wash it first. With shampoo. Lots of it."

"Seriously?"

"Yeah. Seriously."

"Shampoo's not good for your hair, you know."

"Yeah, well, neither are lice or other creepy crawly things that avoid clean heads. So that's the price. Shampooed hair or no haircut. You choose."

Scrum thought about it for a second and then said, "Fine. I'll go wash it while you do Spike's and Tony's hair."

"Nicely done, Jayne Sparks, nicely done," said Tim. "I just might put an application into the pixie hall of fame with your name on it for that smooth move."

"Is there such a place?"

"No."

I laughed. "Come on, spaz. Let's go. Jayne's House of Hair is now open for business."

We all headed back to my room to start the makeovers, Spike already there and waiting with not only scissors and a comb, but also a cape and spritzer bottle filled with water.

I pulled Blackie and its strap and holster off my leg and threw it all on the bed, kicking my shoes off into a corner of the room.

"Okaaaay, batter up. Who wants to be the first one to be Jaynified?"

Chapter 14

Spike was my first victim. And when I say victim, I mean victim. He walked out of there looking like he had gotten into a fight with a chainsaw ... and lost. Not only was his hair a mass of uneven chunks, way too short in some places and way too long in others, but I'd also nicked his ears not once, not twice, but three separate times.

He left the room wishing the next person in my chair good luck, as he headed off to find the nearest witch with some healing brews and hairdo spells.

Tony sat down in the chair next.

"Tony. You can't be serious. You saw what I just did to Spike."

"Never let it be said that wrathes aren't bad mofos," said Tim. "You wouldn't catch me in that chair after that chop job she just did on Spike."

"Shush, Tim. Go to bed."

"What? And miss all this entertainment? Not on your life." He sat cross-legged on his bed, a front row seat from which to view my shame.

"Yeah, I know you're worried you won't do a good job," said Tony, "but you've done mine before. You know my head."

I laughed. "As if that's going to make a single bit of difference. Come on. Get up. I can't do this."

"Yes, you can. I believe in you."

"Tony, this is not an after school special. Sucking at coiffing will not damage my self-esteem. I promise, I don't need to be good at cutting hair. There are professionals out there for that."

"I'm not leaving until you cut my hair. So hurry up. I'm tired."

"Fine," I said grouchily. I knew that when Tony put his foot down, which he rarely did, he meant it. The butthead was going to sit in that chair all night until I capitulated. I started spritzing his hair to get it wet. "But don't blame me when it looks like a drunk, blind person did it. I will not go down with this ship."

Tony steadfastly refused to comment anymore, so I got down to business.

I started cutting and eventually got into a rhythm. Tony was right about one thing - I did feel more comfortable with his head under my clumsy fingers. There was a familiarity to it. When I was done about fifteen minutes later, I viewed him from all angles. "Hmmm. Not bad, actually." I smiled. "Take a look." I pointed to the mirror.

He looked at one side and then the next, turning as far as he could to see the back. He smiled hugely at me, saying, "See! I told you, you could do it!"

"Believe it or not, I agree," said Tim, suitably impressed.

I rolled my eyes at both of them. "Thanks, Tones and Tims. Now move out of the way so I can do something about all this hair." Tony got up and stood off to the side, taking the chair with him, while I took a used towel, damp from my shower earlier in the day, and used it to gather the hair into a pile in the corner of the room. I didn't have access to a broom or dustpan, so it was going to have to stay there until Netter came in the morning to clean up. I was probably going to have to give him double chocolate tokens to stay on his good side after this.

My door opened and in walked a very soggy-looking Scrum. Gorm followed him in, moving past us to pick a spot on my floor to lie down. Within minutes, his snores filled the room.

Tony put the chair back. "Have a seat."

Scrum sat down. "I put myself in your hands. Do whatever you want. Something the girls will like."

Tim started laughing, but I ignored him.

"I have to warn you - Spike left here in need of medical attention. These scissors are pretty sharp."

"I can take it. Just don't take my ears completely off. I don't think that will be good for finding a girlfriend."

I laughed a little. "Leave ears on head. Noted."

I looked at his hair, now drenched and hanging down from its normal puffy state. It was actually pretty long this way. I decided that he'd look good with short hair so I started chopping the hell out of it. I used my fingers as a guide for length and left him about an inch of hair all over. I used the tiny tips of the scissors to try and trim a close, straight line around the edges. I wished I had my dad's old mustache shaver for that part, but I did the best I could with what I had.

When I was finished cutting I dug around in my dresser for the hair gel I had in there for Tim. He used the tiniest speck of it every day, which meant I had enough in there for about eight generations of pixies over several hundred years. I knew he wouldn't mind if I used it on Scrum, especially now that Scrum no longer had a gnome-head.

I ran my gelled fingers through his hair, pulling the pieces on top into spikes as best I could. They laid themselves back down into gentle waves, but when I came around to the front, I could see that they suited him just fine. I was a little surprised actually. Scrum had gone from gnome-head to pretty darn-good-looking-head. The shock must have shown on my face, because Scrum got a little worried look on his.

"What? Is it bad? Don't worry, Jayne. I won't be mad. I take all the blame. Don't be upset with yourself."

"Pfft. I'm not upset with myself. I'm proud of myself. Talk about a makeover. Stand up and look at your bad self, Scrum. Those she-fae better watch out. We've got a lean, mean daemon machine on our hands." I was playing it up a bit, but it was fun - and not in a mean way, which I'm ashamed to say was sometimes too much fun for me.

Scrum stood up, brushing the hair from his lap into a pile as best he could. I pulled the cape off him, as his eyes went to the mirror. His hand reached up slowly and touched the side and then top, bouncing off the gelled shell that had started to set.

"Wow. I ... like it. I actually like it a lot." He turned his smiling face to me. "Jayne, thanks so much. It looks good!"

"Don't act so surprised," I said, flicking him with the comb.

"Well ... I have to admit ... I did see Spike out in the hallway after you were done with him. So I was a little ... uh ... apprehensive."

I stood there with my hands on my hips. "So what'd you come in here for then, stupid? You saw what I'm capable of!"

"Yeah, but ... I'd asked you to do it, so it wouldn't have been very nice of me to back out."

I shook my head at him. "Tony. What are we going to do with this child?"

Tony smiled, bending down to shake Gorm awake and get him standing. They both began walking towards the door, Tony taking Scrum's arm as he went by. "I don't know. I'm sure you'll figure something out."

I yelled at their backs as they went out into the hallway. "Stop being so damn nice all the time, Scrum! You're going to get hurt!"

No one answered me back. It was just Tim and me in the room now. Tim and me and a giant pile of nasty looking hair.

"Netter's going to be cranky," said Tim.

"I know. What should I do?"

Tim pulled his pants off and threw them across the dresser where they landed precariously on the corner. This was standard procedure for him - seeing how far he could kick them to the edge without having them actually go over. He jumped into his bed, turning instantly onto his side facing away from me. "Dose him up with some chocolate. He'll never even notice what a mess this place is." Within seconds of finishing his sentence he was snoring, the sounds of sawing wood echoing around the room.

I slowly opened my top drawer, taking out fresh sleeping clothes and then removing a towel from the lower drawer. I had to have a shower to get all this hair and forest grit off me. Maybe if I made the water hot enough, I could wash off some of the gloom that still clung to me over those stupid emails.

I went into the bathroom expecting to be alone as usual, but the sound of giggles came through the door, just as I was about to push it open. I waited a second, but it went quiet. I knocked a couple times softly to let whoever it was know I was coming in, and then I pushed on the door, slowly. Once it was open all the way, I realized who was making the noise. The twins. Standing there mostly naked, long dark hair and perfectly tanned skin and toned bodies blazing out at me. Oh boy. I stood there, not knowing what to say for a few seconds as they took in my presence and I took in theirs. Then I said, "Sorry to interrupt. I'm just here to take a shower."

They looked at me and then turned to face each other in unison, which was seriously disturbing since they were identical - it looked like one person was standing in front of a mirror and had turned to look at herself. Then they both swiveled back toward me and I realized for the first time that their eyes were swirling red and black like Spike's did sometimes. They were deep, deep crimson, quickly changing over to black - the color Spike's became right before he feasted on a meal of steaming hot fae energy.

I had no chance to move before they were both on me with lightning speed. One second I was standing there, minding my own business; the next thing I knew, I was on the floor of the bathroom with two half-naked succubi about to suck the life out of me. I closed my eyes tightly to block out the image of my impending and somewhat embarrassing demise, begging The Green to come and save me.

Chapter 15

"Tell us what happened again. I need to hear it one more time," said Spike, nearly breathless with wonder and anticipation.

"I'm not going to go over it with you again, you perve. Buy the book."

"Believe me - if there was one, I'd buy it."

I smacked him on the arm and resumed eating my bacon.

Finn walked up. "So, I hear there was some excitement in the ladies room last night." He winked at me and smiled. "Do tell. I have to know the details before Becky gets back. It'll make her crazy that I knew before her."

I rolled my eyes. "Do you guys have any idea how pitiful you sound?"

My newly made-over daemon friend joined the table next, obviously having overheard my last statement. "You have to admit, Jayne," said Scrum, "the whole idea of you wrestling around with two naked succubi is pretty intriguing to any guy. Even Valentine liked the idea."

"Valentine's g*y. How could he like the idea? And by the way, they weren't naked. Just barely clothed. There's a difference."

"Not in my world," said Spike, fantasizing out loud.

I hit him again, only harder this time.

"Valentine says that he finds joy and pleasure in all forms of sexuality. Beauty is beauty, in whatever form it takes."

"Since when have you been hanging out with Valentine, Scrum?"

"Oh, not long. He's giving me relationship tips."

I choked on my water. "Gah! Wha ... Valentine? Relationship tips? We're talking about the same guy, right? Incubus? Sucks the life out of fae? Bites 'em? That Valentine?"

"Yeah. That's him. He's pretty wise, actually. I've learned a lot from him."

I shook my head, my eyebrows nearly up to my hairline. "Well okay. Whatever floats your f**king boat."

Tony joined us, his plate full of food. "So, Jayne. What's the scoop? I hear you met the twins." He kept his face down, acting like he was all interested in his food, but I knew his game.

"You think you're soooo funny don't you?"

He put a giant piece of bacon in his mouth and then looked up at me. "Whub? Whub I fay?"

"Ugh. You're reminding me of Gorm now. Stop." Our messy buggane was sitting by himself, over in the corner, so busy with his plate of worms he didn't notice any of us. "Fine, you want to know what happened? I'll tell you. One more time, Spike, and that's it. I'd like to forget one of the more humiliating moments of my life, if you don't mind."

"What if we do mind?" asked Spike, only half kidding.

"Next time? The ears? They're coming off."

Spike laughed. "Oh, trust me. There will be no next time for me at Jayne's House of Horrors ... I mean Jayne's House of Hair." He smiled, proud of himself.

I smiled back in spite of my crankiness. "Your hair looks fine. I don't know what you're talking about."

"Sure. After two spells and I don't know how many gallons of disgusting witch's brew."

"I tried to warn you."

"Warn me harder next time."

"So anyway. The twins," I said, anxious to get it over with.

All ears were glued on my every word. All I could think, looking at them, is how pathetic guys are sometimes - slaves to their ding-a-lings, every single one of them.

"I went to take a shower and they were in there, in the middle of getting dressed."

Spike interrupted me. "Say 'undressed' not 'dressed'." His eyes were closed.

"Fine. They were in the middle of getting undressed ... "

"How far undressed are we talkin' about?" asked Finn, his eyes starting to glaze over.

"Listen, idiots, stop interrupting or I'm not going to tell you the rest."

Spike gave Finn an evil glare and Finn gave him the stink-eye back. Once they were settled down I started again.

"I said 'hi' or something equally innocent and they took one look at each other and then jumped me."

"They jumped her!" squealed Spike, inadvertently grabbing Finn's arm.

Finn punched him in the shoulder. "Get off me, man."

Spike turned back to me, gesturing for me to keep talking with flapping hands. He was totally channeling Valentine in that moment and I had to smile, laughing at him and feeling sorry for him at the same time.

"I ended up on the bathroom floor with them standing over me and licking their chops ... so I called out to The Green to help me. Next thing I knew there was this intense green light all over the place, a couple of screaming, cranky succubi, a few choice cuss words and then silence. I opened my eyes, which were then blurry, and found myself alone in the bathroom, my stuff spread out all over the floor. I had to rinse my toothbrush for like ten minutes before I felt comfortable using it. It was gross."

"Did they ... " Scrum swallowed hard, "touch you ... anywhere."

I punched him hard on the arm. "No questions allowed, perve. Storytime is over." I stood up to go, my appetite gone. "I'm going to check emails. Tony, are you coming?"

"Sure. Where's Tim by the way?"

"He's sleeping in. Apparently my personal trauma kept him up, and he needs his beauty rest."

"Oh. Okay. It'll just be you and me then."

I smiled. "Like old times."

He smiled back. "Yeah. Like the good old days. Before we were fae."

"Yeah. Before I had any girl-on-girl in the bathroom action."

Tony laughed at that. "Traumatized, eh?"

"Seriously, Tony. Those bitches were hardcore. They were going to eat me, but only after sucking me into a dried up husk-of-a-fae. I'm afraid of what they're going to do to Spike. I hope he has Valentine with him when he meets them for the first time."

"Don't worry about Spike," said Tony as we walked down the hall, "I have a feeling he can fend for himself."

We reached the computer room and fired up our accounts. I had a reply but he didn't.

"My email went out a lot later than yours. Maybe I'll get an answer later. What does yours say?"

I clicked on the link and started reading out loud.

Jayne. Its Rick. Your moms reel bad. She had an accident. You need to get hear soon. I dont know how long shes gonna last. Shes asking for you. Come quick. Before its to late.

"Idiot. Can't even f**king spell."

"Jayne, this is serious."

"I know." I started wringing my hands, freaking out. I turned away from the screen to look at Tony. "What do you think I should do? Should I try to call her first? Should I just go? Who should go with me?"

"Let's go talk to Dardennes, right now." Tony clicked out of his account and shut the computer down. "Come on." He held out his hand to me.

I logged off and stood up, taking Tony's warm hand in mine. I didn't let it go the entire way to Dardennes' office. I fought back the tears that threatened to come, thinking about my mom having been in an accident. I'd be willing to bet my trusty weapon, Blackie, that any accident my mom may have suffered was at the hands of Rick. He was just that type of guy. And if he'd hurt my mom, he was going to pay. I was just the girl to make him, too.

Chapter 16

Tony knocked three times and then pushed open the door. Dardennes was sitting at his desk, joined by Celine who sat next to him. They both had dinner plates in front of them and were going over some documents laid in front of them.

"Good evening, changelings. What brings you back to my office so soon? More emails?"

"Yes," said Tony, getting right down to business, as we stopped in front of Dardennes' desk. "Actually, just Jayne received one. This time it was from her ... uh ... step-father."

I gritted my teeth together, nearly growling out, "Don't call him that. He's my mother's loser husband."

"And what did the email say?" asked Dardennes, politely ignoring my psychosis.

I took over to answer, "It said my mom's been in an accident and she's dying."

"Oh, my goodness," said Celine, "that's terrible." She looked very concerned, which made me like her even more. She really was a nice person ... fae.

"Yes. The only problem is, I don't know if it's true or not. And if it is, I'm willing to bet just about anything it was her ass**le husband that caused her to have an accident. He's a violent person with zero morals - total sociopath."

"This is a problem," said Dardennes, deep in thought from the looks on his face. "Of course you must return, in the event that this is unfortunate true news of your mother. Walking the Gray will not help us - we cannot depend on a clouded and skewed version of what's really happening - we need to know the reality of the situation. But of course, we cannot have you going back into something that was designed to get you there."

"What are you thinking, Anton?" asked Celine.

"I'm considering sending her with a contingent of fae - a few we can afford to spare right now."

"I'm not going without Chase," I said emphatically.

Celine looked at me with pity. "Jayne, you know that's not possible. He's Dark Fae now."

"Yeah, but I've talked to him recently. I know he'll come."

Dardennes raised an eyebrow at this, looking at Celine to see if she had the same reaction. She was just as surprised as he was. I guessed from this interaction that news of my escapades from yesterday had not yet made it out to the rumor mill.

"And how did you get in touch with him?" he asked.

"Through Becky," I said, hesitantly, realizing I should have probably come and reported all this to them as soon as we got back, especially the Becky part.

"Explain, Jayne," said Dardennes, a shadow moving across his face.

"Yeah ... uh ... sorry about that. I really should have mentioned it before. I guess we got kind of distracted."

"Yes," he agreed, still waiting for the explanation.

"Okay, so a few of us went into the forest to get in touch with Chase yesterday. And we ended up contacting Becky instead. She came and talked to us, telling us how she hadn't been killed, just injured by a witch who doesn't know her ass**le from a hole in the ground ... "

My explanation was interrupted by Dardennes clearing his throat and raising his eyebrows, but I soldiered on, ignoring his whatever it was - admonition maybe.

"... And so Becky's in the clinic over there for a few more days before she joins us here again. She's not Dark Fae or anything - she's just using their medical care. And Chase said he's coming back too. When his treatment is over and when he's ... um ... finished with some other business."

Now Celine was giving me 'the look'. All adults seem to be able to do this completely without effort.

I sighed heavily. "Okay, more shit I probably should have told you yesterday. I'm glad you're sitting down. So, turns out, Chase is from the Overworld. At least that's what he says. He's here to stop an uprising of the Underworld or some such nonsense I'm not exactly sure I understand or believe. All those orcs we've been seeing - and yeah, before you go off on me, I have seen a couple more of them and it's totally my fault you don't know and I forgot to tell you - well, supposedly these orcs are only the beginning of all the bad demon-types we're going to be seeing around here. Chase is trying to work with the Dark Fae to get them to see reason ... then he's coming back here to work on convincing you guys."

I stopped for a breath and a reality check. I couldn't tell from their faces whether they were mad, sad, or anything in between. I sucked at reading silver elf minds. I wondered if Tony could. He was pretty damn good at reading mine.

Tony started talking next, filling the uncomfortable silence. "I was going to speak to the gray elves about it this evening, actually. I'm not sure how much of Chase's story I believe, but I think it's worth looking into. I am quite sure that Chase believed what he was saying, if my empath skills were working properly."

Celine looked at Dardennes and he nodded at her. She began speaking. "We have heard some things similar to what you are saying now - that Chase has expressed to you; however, we consider the more immediate concern, the one involving the Dark Fae attacking our people, to be of greater importance right now. Therefore, for the time being, that will be our focus. But of course we would welcome Chase or Becky back into our midst, so long as they are able to pass the test of loyalty when they return."

"Test? What kind of test? Like a lie detector?"

"Yes. In a way," said Celine. "We just need to be sure we are not taking any spies into our midst. You understand, I'm sure."

"Sure," I said, nodding, looking over to Tony to confirm his agreement. He seemed to be of the same mind. "I totally agree with that. I know Chase is one of the good guys. I'm not worried about it."

"So you believe you can convince Chase to go back to Florida with you?" asked Dardennes.

"Yes."

Dardennes looked to Celine again. "Who else could we spare?"

"Why not the twins?"

My face broke out in a look of horror. "You can't possibly be serious!"

Dardennes and Celine both looked at me, confusion on their faces.

"You're talking about the twins who almost sucked me dry last night, right? Or are there other twins around here not being talked about by every single fae male in a five mile radius?"

"No," answered Dardennes, "there is only one set of twins in the compound at this time. Two succubi from California."

"Yeah. Okay. No thanks. You can keep those bitches way the hell away from me," I said emphatically.

"Jayne!" laughed out Celine involuntarily, "Please, don't be so ... quick to judge." She immediately got herself back under control with a little cough and throat clearing.

"Have you ever been attacked by two playboy bunnies with a craving for a Celine energy cocktail? No, I think not. Otherwise you wouldn't be suggesting I take them with me. No friggin' way. I'd rather take Gorm than them."

"You cannot. He eats humans."

"Yeah. I know. That's what I mean. I'd rather have a cannibal with me than a couple of So-Cal, spirit-sucking psycho-cheerleaders. Maybe he could eat my mother's husband and save me the trouble of blasting him to hell and back."

Dardennes smiled. "I will assure your safety and the safety of the others who are travelling with you. I believe the twins are your best offense and defense. If you were to run into trouble, I'm certain they could assist you better than anyone - other than your daemon of course."

"What about Jared? I could take two daemons with me instead of two cheerleaders."

"Jared is busy recruiting. We do not expect him back for another week."

I hadn't seen him in what seemed like ages, so I knew they were telling the truth.

"How about some witches? How about Valentine? How about Niles, for crying out loud? Anyone else. You have no idea how much shit I'm going to get from everyone, going on a trip with them."

"What do you mean?"

I shook my head, resigned. I really didn't want to have to explain the humiliation of the fae-gone-wild rumors that Finn and Spike were only too happy to spread. "Never mind. Who else can I take?"

"We could probably spare one green elf as well. Tony, I assume you will want to go?"

Tony nodded his assent.

"Okay, so I have Tony, Chase, the twins, and Finn." I looked over to verify with Finn that he was with us and he nodded, so I continued, "You think that's good enough?"

"We'd like to send more, but we have problems to manage here and many other fae joining us who need to be brought up to speed with our plans." Celine shared a look with Dardennes before continuing. "Would you like me to go, Jayne?"

"Can you fight?"

Celine shrugged. "I've been known to lift a sword on occasion."

"Seriously?" I looked at Celine with newfound respect. "Okay. You can come. Bring the sword. Your biggest, sharpest one." She'd be able to keep those damn twins away from me and possibly stab Rick the Dick - or maybe even cut off his protruding parts. I was feeling better already.

"I will get the plane ready. Anton, can you please speak with the twins for me?"

"It will be my pleasure."

I nudged Tony. "I need you to get in touch with Chase. Can you do it?"

"Yes. Come on. Let's go do it now."

"Please meet us by the airplane door in three hours," said Celine, all business now. "We should be able to get the flight plan filed and the plane fueled by that time. Luckily, a group of Light Fae just landed, so the jet is warmed up. We just have to find our back-up pilots since the ones who just flew are already too near their daily maximum flying hours."

"I'll take care of all of those details and of notifying the council. Celine, you go gather your things." Dardennes nodded at Tony and me as he strode from the room. Celine was on his heels, her long cloak swishing around her legs.

"Come on," said Tony, grabbing my hand. We ran from the room and down the hall, the Infinity Meadow our destination.

As soon as we were outside, Tony dropped to the ground to sit cross-legged. "Okay, take my hand and think of Chase as hard as you can. Anything about him will work."

I sat across from him and grabbed his hand, focusing on my memories of Chase. The Green snuck in a little and lent a feeling of fantasy world around it all. I thought of his strong arms, his Adonis-like face, his loyalty to me. I remembered him like he was - stoic and calm in the face of any situation - and I remembered him like he is now - talkative, expressive, and full of what I hoped was desire for me. I tried not to let my sexier thoughts intrude, but it was nearly impossible. I decided not to try and block them, since I really needed Tony to be able to reach him. Tony squeezed my hand as images of Chase without his shirt on flitted across my mind. I whispered, "Sorry," under my breath, but kept going. I remembered what it had felt like when Chase picked me up inside the Dark Fae compound after I'd been beaten and tortured - how safe it felt there. And I thought about the secrets he'd shared with me yesterday and what it could mean for us in the future.

Tony dropped my hand, pulling me out of my internal movie line. "It's done. I reached him. He's on his way."

"Is he coming here?"

"Yep. All we have to do is wait."

I smiled at him, squeezing his knee. "Do you have any idea how cool that is? That you can just walk between realms and find people like that? Talk to them?"

Tony grinned back at me. "Yeah. It is pretty awesome. I wish some of my friends from computer club could see it. They would totally go nuts."

"I know. It's like one of your computer game worlds come to life. You're like a walking avatar guy."

"You're right." Tony reached down absently and started picking blades of grass. "So, those things you were thinking about ... to help me find Chase ... "

I sighed. "Tony, please don't embarrass me."

"I'm not. Seriously. I'm just ... I don't know. Worried about you."

"How so?" I couldn't believe that he didn't trust Chase, if that was what he was getting at.

"Well, you said that Chase told you he's not from here. That he's here for a purpose."

"Yeah. So?"

"So, what happens when he's done with that purpose?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. He hangs out? Protects my sorry ass. Why? Do you know?"

"Well, no, not really. But I have suspicions. Ones I'm not sure you're going to like."

I narrowed my eyes at him. "What kind of suspicions?"

"The kind that mean he's not going to stick around after all's said and done."

"Why would you think that?" I demanded, on the defense. "He's totally loyal."

"No, no, I know that. I'm not saying he's not. It's just that ... never mind. Forget I said anything."

"No way, Tony Baloney, no fair saying half of some bullshit and then backing out. You're in too deep now. Tell me or else."

He smiled almost politely. "Or else what?"

"Or else suffer my wrath."

He held up his fingers and wiggled them around. "Ooooo, the wrath of Jayne. Scary."

I pulled some of The Green from the ground beneath me, showing it in my eyes so Tony could see how serious I was. Not that I'd blast him or anything, but I thought maybe the glowy-eye thing might be impressive at the very least.

"Okay, okay, spooky-eye girl, put it away. I'll finish."

"Damn straight you will. Stop pissing me off, Tony. I'm under a lot of stress here. Don't you see the three pimples I have on my forehead now?" I pointed to them so there'd be no mistake. "You know I only get zits when I'm freakin'."

"Yes, I did notice them." He pretended to shiver.

I smacked him, knowing he was just messing with me. The poor kid had the worst case of acne ever until last year when his mom finally took him to the dermatologist, after I forced him to beg her. At least now his problem was under control, poor kid.

Tony finally started talking again. "Okay, so let's assume Chase is like ... an angel, or whatever - down here from the Overworld to fix a problem we Earthlings are getting ready to experience ... "

"I think the proper term is 'Here-and-Now-lings'."

"Whatever. So he comes down, on orders from ... God or whoever's in charge up there. Then he fixes the problem. That was his mission. If his mission is complete, seems to me he'd be going back to the Overworld when it's all done. That's what usually happens in the movies, anyway."

"No, sometimes, like Jason Bourne, they start all over again. With the girl they love."

Tony raised his eyebrow at me but said nothing.

"What? It's totally romantic."

"So you're in love? Is that what you're saying?"

I frowned at him. "No, stupid. Okay, so I might be in serious like - not love. I really don't know Chase that well."

"But he makes your heart go thunk, right?

I smiled. "Yeah. When I see him, my heart goes thunk."

"So, you're hoping he'll start a new life here? With you?"

"Stop making it sound so romanticized. He's already here, being fae. Before that he was being human. What's so weird or big deal-ish about him just staying?"

Tony shrugged. "I don't know. I'm just saying the things I'm thinking out loud. Maybe it will all just be easy like that."

"Right," I scoffed, "like everything else in my life has been so easy. Good point. Sucky point, but good point."

Tony took my hand and squeezed it before letting it go. "Don't worry about it. I know it will all turn out fine in the end. Everything happens for a good reason."

"Even biology? Dissection lab? Last year?"

"Okay, so maybe not everything happens for a good reason."

"Thank you for admitting that; because there is absolutely no good reason for part of your fetal pig to end up in my backpack. It started to rot before I found it, you know ... making it smell like an orc took a shit in there. I had to throw that bag out, Tony, and it was my favorite one of all time. You knew that, too, I know you did."

Tony started laughing as he tried to defend himself. "I told you - I didn't do that! It wasn't me!"

"Right. Whatever." I turned my head so he wouldn't see me trying not to smile. I had to keep up the righteous indignation for a few years longer. It was one of the few pieces of ammo I had against him. Of course he didn't put that tiny pig liver in my backpack. Either one of the immature numbnuts in our class had, or it had fallen in there of its own accord. But messing with him about it was too much fun to admit that.

Tony was getting ready to tell me all the items on the list of evidence he had in favor of his innocence when Chase arrived on scene. I jumped up and ran to give him a hug. He greeted me warmly, squeezing me tight for a couple seconds, and then putting me down in front of him. "So, what's going on? I got the message out of the Gray that you needed me and it was urgent."

"Yeah. This is no false alarm. I need you to fly back with me to Florida. Something's going on with my mom, and we're worried it's a trap." I told him the rest of the story before he had a chance to get a word in edgewise. I didn't want to hear him say no and that he couldn't go.

"Okay. I'm in. I can't let you go without me. This isn't something I can trust Scrum or Gorm with."

"That's totally what I was thinking," I said, breathlessly, completely psyched he was going with me.

"When does the plane leave?"

"About two and a half hours."

"Okay. I'll meet you at the dirt road where the shuttle van picks up at the main road. I don't think I could find the airplane door anymore."

"I guess that's good," I said. "Since you're all Dark Fae now."

He smiled and grabbed my chin, holding it between his thumb and forefinger. "Watch it sassy mouth."

I smacked his hand away. "Watch it yourself." I liked playing with him like this. It was so un-Chase-like, but what the hell. I was already noticing in one day how less pixelated he seemed compared to yesterday. Pretty soon he'd probably be back to his old self, and I might miss this playful side of him a little.

"See you soon," said Tony from behind us.

Chase nodded and then turned to run back in the direction he'd come from.

I turned and joined Tony, and we both went back into the compound together.

"I guess we should go get packed," he said.

"What are you bringing?" I asked.

"My axe. A change of clothes. My toothbrush. I don't need a brush anymore, since I don't have any hair left."

I rolled my eyes, refusing to rise to the bait.

"How 'bout you?"

"Blackie. Clothes. Succubus-Be-Gone spray. Pixie."

Tony laughed. "See you at the door?"

I held up my hand for a high five. "See you at the door."

The smack of our palms connecting resounded down the hallway, and I opened my door, stepping inside to break the news to Tim that he was going on a little trip.

Chapter 17

Tim wasn't in our room. I began packing, grabbing a tiny tunic and pair of pants from his miniature dresser to put in the side pocket of my bag. I shoved in his and my toothbrushes and my toothpaste and other necessities, including my 3-step makeup program - eyeliner, smudge stick, and mascara. One change of my own clothes went into the bag and then I zipped it up. I already had Blackie strapped to my leg as usual. This time I wasn't taking any chances; my weapon was going to be with me at all times. I wasn't even going to bother with my regular human clothes. I was going in, full-on fae. Anyone who didn't like it could kiss my big white ass.

I sat on the bed, looking at the clock, wondering where my roommate was. I decided to give something new a try. I reached into the stone floor at my feet, looking to link up with The Green. I brought some of its energy into me and then sent it out into the compound around me, imagining a high-pitched vibration ringing all over the place. Tim had told me that pixies were very sensitive to electronic signals and the like. I was hoping he'd feel the vibrations I was sending out and know I was trying to contact him. Maybe he could even track the signal to its source. A part of me was jealous that all these fae around me could use telepathy of some sort. Seemed like someone they called Mother should be able to do some of that cool stuff too.

I kept it up for about a minute before I heard footsteps running down the hallway, quicker than I thought possible for feet to run. It sounded like a cartoon, the way the feet were slapping so fast on the stone floor. My door flew open to reveal a breathless and sweaty Spike standing in the doorway. "Are you doing that?!" he yelled, gasping for air.

"Doing what?"

"That signal? That high-pitched, ear-shattering squeal that's sending all of our werewolves into a complete breakdown!"

I dropped the signal immediately. "Uh, maybe."

Spike wiped his forehead with the back of his arm and leaned heavily on my door jam. "Holy shit, Jayne. You have no idea the chaos you just caused all over the compound."

"I was just trying to call Tim."

Just then His Pixieness made his appearance, buzzing in through the door. "Jayne, that was awesome! You have to do it again! You should have seen those wolves, chasing each other's tails around the dining hall. I've never seen anything like it!" He was clapping and bouncing in midair.

"Oh shit, I did it again, didn't I?"

"What?" asked Spike, now back to his normal self, no longer huffing and puffing like he'd just run a three-minute mile. "Kicked some fae in their butts? Yeah. You did."

"No. I meant screwed something up."

Spike smiled. "Don't worry; it's all good. I'm sure now that it's stopped, everything will be fine. No one knows it was you."

"How'd you know?"

"I'd know your signature anywhere," he said smiling. "Hey, by the way, I hear you're going on a trip."

I looked at him suspiciously. "Yeah. Who told you?"

"No one. I heard Dardennes talking to someone about filing some flight plan or something."

"Yeah. I've got to go see if my mom's okay."

"Need any company?"

"Nope," I said evasively, "I already have some bodyguards assigned to me.

"Yeah, but do you have a boy toy assigned to you yet? Because I'll gladly fill that position."

"You'd sacrifice yourself for me like that?" I said, sarcastically. He'd probably already heard the twins were going and was trying to wheedle an invitation from me.

"Yep. Always willing to take one for the team."

"Especially when that team includes a couple of raven-haired succubi?"

Spike gave me his most innocent look. "Oh, they're going? Hmmm. Interesting. But no, of course, I was just talking about being there for you, Jayne. Just for you."

I smiled, walking to the door and shoving him out of my room. "Get out, you dog. You aren't coming. You'll have to get a date without my help."

I started pushing the door shut and he stuck his head in for one last chance. "Will you put in a good word for me? Tell them I'm an alright guy?"

I put my hand on his forehead and shoved it out of the way, slamming the door shut in his face. I yelled at the closed door, "I'll tell 'em all about you, don't you worry!"

He said something back, but I couldn't hear what is was through the thick wood of the door. I turned back to Tim who was sitting on his bed, waiting for my attention.

"So. Am I on the guest list?" he asked.

"Do you even need to ask?"

"I sure hope not."

"I already packed for you. We leave in ninety minutes."

"We can make our plan while we wait," suggested Tim, pulling his knife out of its holster to begin sharpening it on his trusty whetstone that he keeps under his bed. It was so small I could barely see it when I was standing right over it, so it was invisible from my spot on the bed where I was sitting now. I could hear the regular, rhythmic scraping sounds as Tim drew the blade across its rough surface.

"So, where exactly are we going?"

"To my mom's house. And maybe Tony's too."

"Back to the scene of the crime, eh?"

"What crime would you be referring to?" There were several to choose from, but I wasn't sure he knew of the crimes against me, committed by my mother's, at the time, boyfriend - now husband. Yay for me.

"I'm referring to the day that shall live in infamy. The day Ben of the Dark Fae shot me out of the sky and sent me crashing from the heavens to the dark abyss of this earth."

"You mean the dark abyss of Tony's shag carpet?"

"That's what I said."

"Yes. We're going back to the scene of the crime. But first we're starting at my house. My mom's husband says she's injured. I think if she really is, that he did it himself."

"Bastard."

"Exactly. Actually, that name is a little too P.G. for him in my opinion."

"Bastard ... buggane lover," suggested Tim.

I smiled. "Bastard, buggane lover, asshat, dickweed, douchebag."

Tim stopped sharpening his knife. "Bastard, buggane lover, asshat, dickweed, douchebag, fae eater!"

I stood up and yelled, "BASTARD, BUGGANE LOVER, ASSHAT, DICKWEED, DOUGHBAG, FAE EATER, FUCKBAG!"

The door opened and Celine stood in the doorway. "Am I ... interrupting something?"

Tim and I collapsed in giggles. I felt totally amped up now, lighter in a way, ready to take on the world. I think for me, cussing is cathartic and energizing at the same time.

"Yeah. We're ready."

"Good. The plane is ready early. The twins are already at the door waiting for us."

I grabbed my backpack and headed out into the hallway, waiting outside Tony's door for him to join us. Celine had already knocked on his door. Soon we were all walking down the hallway, arriving within minutes at the door with the airplane symbol on it.

We opened the door to the compound to find Finn and the twins standing just outside. Finn just stood there, his face red and his mouth all slack-jawed. The twins were talking between themselves, completely ignoring him. As soon as they saw me their eyes brightened. Celine continued up the path to the shuttle, but I didn't hesitate for a second to go in another direction - I pulled Blackie from its holster and held it out very visibly in front of me, walking right up to the twins. No better time than the present to lay down the law.

"You so much as think about sucking my energy, or the energy of anyone on that plane, and I'm gonna fry your asses. Got it?"

Their chatter ended abruptly and they both just stared at me. Then they looked at each other and shrugged in unison. "If you say so," they both said, at exactly the same time.

I looked at them like they were ridiculous. "Oh, come on. You seriously don't do that shit all the time, do you?"

They both shrugged and smiled, all crafty-like, in unison again.

"Do guys actually fall for that bogus act?"

They both turned their heads at exactly the same time to look at Finn. I swear to God, he had a glob of drool getting ready to fall out of his mouth.

"For shit's sake, Finn! They're playing you, you idiot!"

Finn shook his head, as if pulling it out of the clouds. More like his ass, actually. "Huh? Oh, hey Jayne. When'd you get here?"

I couldn't decide whether to be insulted or to just feel sorry for the guy. These succubi had every guy within sniffing distance totally mesmerized.

I could see the appeal - I mean, I wasn't blind or anything. They both had rich dark brown hair with hints of crimson mixed in, big boobs that filled out what looked suspiciously like specially tailored tunics - tailored to emphasize their assets of course - long legs, deep emerald-green eyes ... when they weren't all swirly with red and black, that is. Right now they looked mostly harmless, in a careless man-eating sort of way.

I shook my head, looking around, hoping to see Chase appear.

"Who are you looking for?" asked one of the twins.

"No one you need to worry about."

"A Dark Fae daemon, maybe?" said one of them.

I whipped my head around, narrowing my eyes at her. "How do you know about him?"

"He came and left. He told us to tell you to go without him."

"Oh, ouch," said Tim, buzzing off to fly to the shuttle without me.

"What?!" I yelled. "You can't be serious."

They both shrugged. "We are," they said simultaneously.

"Well, f**k me." I couldn't believe Chase would stand me up like that. So much for loyalty. "Come on, Tony," I said, disgusted with myself for starting to care, "let's go."

I turned to go and bumped right into him. He was standing there gawking at the twins and hadn't even noticed me getting my heart broken - nor had he seen me coming in his direction at all.

"Not you too, Tony!" I said, dismayed.

"What? No. No, of course not. I'm ... I'm going now." He started about ten paces down the path that would lead us to the shuttle before stopping and turning back towards me with a questioning look on his face. "Wait ... don't we have to wait for Chase?"

I sighed loudly. "He's not coming. And if you weren't so goo-goo over those bimbos back there, you would have heard them telling me that."

"Do they know why?"

"No. And I don't want to talk about it anymore."

I motioned for Tony to keep moving and for Finn to go ahead of us. That left me and the girls picking up the rear.

Before they got ahead of me, I said, "Seriously ... uh, twins. Is that the best you've got? Because it's really kind of sad."

One of them looked at me with her eyebrow raised.

The other glared at me and said, "What do you mean?"

My grip on Blackie got a little tighter. My hand was starting to sweat and I didn't want it to slip. "What I mean is, you use your obvious ... assets ... to get everyone around you to act stupid and forget who they are. But isn't that just a little too easy? Doesn't it get boring?"

"No," said the cranky one.

The other one didn't say anything, so I appealed to her.

"Don't you ever wonder if you could get someone to really like you? Without the tricks?"

"Yes," said the less nasty one.

"No," said the other.

I raised an eyebrow at them. "That's what I thought. Do me a favor. Keep my friends out of your games. Mess with whoever else you want, but not them."

"Yeah, succubus wenches. What she said," said Tim, suddenly reappearing at my shoulder to show off all the bravado he was capable of. "Tell 'em, Jayne," he said near my ear, "show 'em who's boss."

"Who are you to tell us who we can and can't play with?" said the more bitchy of the two.

"Who me?" I said, my hackles rising, "I'm just Jayne right now. But mess with one of my friends and I'll become your worst nightmare." I took a menacing step forward and the nicer one stepped back.

The other one stood her ground. "I don't take orders from elementals."

"You'll take this particular order from this elemental, or you'll be the first succubus I've ever burned with the Dark of Blackthorn. Don't push me, because the idea is gaining appeal with every word that comes out of your mouth."

For the first time, I saw her glance down at what I held in my hand. Before, she'd been too busy showing off to notice anything but her own appeal and the drooling going on around her.

Her face blanched and she took a step back to join her sister. "You ... wield The Dark? How is that possible?"

I shrugged, putting it back in my holster, confident that she'd finally taken my threat to heart. "Who knows? It's a big mystery. But I'm not afraid to use it as a few fae and several orcs can attest to ... so don't piss me off."

The two sisters started whispering to each other, and I stepped away, heading up the path recently taken by Tony and the others. I could hear them following behind, but I refused to look back. I had to show them I wasn't afraid of their big-hootered succubi selves. Plus, I had Tim flying backwards, so I knew he had my six. They didn't need to know I depended on a tiny pixie to give me this false sense of courage.

We reached the shuttle and got inside. The twins settled in near the back and I sat next to Tony in the front row. Celine took the center row of seats with Finn. Finn kept turning around and smiling at the girls who blatantly ignored him. I wished like hell Becky were here to smack him upside the head. I wondered if he'd still be as smitten, seeing Becky next to the twins. As far as I was concerned, Becky outshined them a million watts to one. She was the real deal. These two? Posers. Two empty-headed bimbos using tricks to get attention. Sad, really. A thought niggled the back of my mind that maybe they weren't as they seemed, but I ignored it. I saw what I saw and that's all I needed to know.

We were on the plane within an hour, heading down the runway. Tony and I sat with Celine on one side of the aisle; the twins and Finn sat across from us. For a while I ignored them, but then it became impossible. They kept whispering and looking over at me.

I started grumbling under my breath.

"What's wrong?" whispered Tony.

"Those two. They're talking about me."

Tony looked over. "Are you sure?"

"Yes."

"Jayne," Tony said softly. "Maybe you should just go over and introduce yourself. Get it over with."

"I already did."

"No, you didn't. First you were attacked by them, and then I'm pretty sure you threatened them. Right?" He was giving me his patented Honest Tony Look, which I could never stand against for very long.

"Maybe. Okay, fine. Yes. I threatened them. But I'm not going to apologize. They are a danger to everyone I care about."

"Come on now. You don't really think they'd actually kill any of us, do you?"

"Maybe."

"Jayne?"

"Fine. Probably not. But they could. If they wanted to."

"So could you. But we don't give you the evil eye and refuse to talk to you."

"Tim gives me the evil eye all the time."

"Hey!" squeaked a tiny voice from the cup holder in the arm of my seat, "Don't drag me into your lover's quarrel!"

I banged the edge of the armrest. "Oops. Sorry about that."

I was rewarded with a reminder of Tim's indigestion problems and rolled my eyes, refusing to acknowledge his petty, disgusting attempts at revenge. He giggled right after, fully aware of how much it irritated me.

"Say 'excuse me', piglet."

"For what? I didn't do anything. It was the dog."

"We don't have a dog here. All the werewolves are back at the compound."

"It was the ogre then."

I glanced over to where Ivar was sitting, in another row of seats all by himself. He was always on the plane when it flew. He must have like a billion frequent flyer miles.

"I'm going to tell him you're blaming him for your farts."

Tim's head peeked up above the rim of the cup holder. "You'd better not!"

I pointed at him. "Behave."

"You be Hayve," he said, settling back down into his bed. "I'll just be Tim."

I rolled my eyes.

"What did he say?" asked Tony, watching us with a smile on his face.

"Absolutely nothing worth mentioning. He's being childish again. And he's gassy." I nudged Tony in the arm. "Move. I'm going to get this over with."

Tony swung his legs off to the side so they pointed out into the aisle, giving me room to get by.

Celine's eyes followed me as I stood to get out of our row of seats.

I winked at her and she frowned a little in return.

I could hear Tony assuring her that I wasn't going to start a war between the fae on the plane.

I sat down next to Finn, across from the twins.

"Hey," I said, instantly getting their attention.

They stopped talking, and the more dominant twin said, "Hey," in return.

"So, I'm here to make peace. Tony insists." I tilted my head towards my friend and they both looked over at him, sizing him up.

"He commands you?" asked the shyer one.

I laughed. "Hardly. He guilt trips me, though, and that's more powerful with someone like me."

The bossy one smiled. "I'm the same."

The other one smiled too. "I'm more of a 'take commands' type of girl."

Finn leaned so far forward, staring back and forth among the three of us, I thought his head was going to fall right off his shoulders.

"Finn! What is wrong with you?"

"What?" He looked at me, his eyes all murky.

I looked at the girls suspiciously. "Did you do this to him?"

The bossy one shrugged. "Maybe a little."

"Seriously, you need to stop. He's a really nice guy and he's spoken for."

Her eyebrow arched up. "Really? By whom?"

I purposely clamped down on my angry reply. "By a really sweet water sprite who wouldn't hurt a fly. A really good friend of mine."

The nice sister nudged the other one. "Come on, Theresa. Stop."

Theresa rolled her eyes. "Fine. Whatever. Plenty more fae in the sea."

"Are there?" I asked, wondering if she was putting a spin on the human saying or being literal.

She smiled. "Sure. In the sea, on land, in the air ... " She leaned forward, conspiratorially, whispering in a spooky voice, "We're everywhere." The way she said it freaked me out, which I think was the whole point. I was glad I was one of them and not a weak human - otherwise known as fae prey.

"So, your name is Theresa," I said to the spooky one, before looking at her sister, "And your name is ... ?"

"My name is Felicia. Nice to officially meet you. Sorry about the bathroom thing. You kind of took us by surprise."

I laughed mirthlessly. "No, I think it was you who took me by surprise."

"Let's just call it a surprise party and leave it at that, shall we?" suggested Theresa, the edge of her mouth turning up in a half smile.

I smiled at her. "Sounds good to me. Next time there's going to be a party though, send me an invitation. So I can dress for the occasion." I put my hand on Blackie meaningfully.

They both followed my movement and then laughed. "It's a deal," they said simultaneously.

"Seriously, you guys. Weird."

"We like to freak people out," said Theresa.

"It's fun," said Felicia. "Shakes things up a little."

"I can't imagine why you two think you need to shake things up. You guys just walking into a room does that."

They both rolled their eyes.

Felicia said, "You were right earlier. With some of the things you said. It does get old sometimes."

"But it's in our nature to draw people to us - so we're kind of stuck with it," explained Theresa.

"Well, I'll tell you what ... " I leaned in a little closer to them. "I should probably feel guilty about saying this to you, but I refuse." I gestured for them to come closer, which they did, so I continued in a soft voice. "There's this guy you're going to meet in a few hours. His name is Rick, but I like to call him Rick the Dick ... "

"Jaaayyyne ... " came Tony's voice from across the aisle. "You'd better not," he warned.

"Shut up, Baloney Head. Mind your own beeswax."

He shook his head but left me alone.

I turned my attention back to the twins who were now definitely interested in what I had to say, especially since Tony felt the need to censure me. They were troublemakers after my own heart, I could totally tell. "As I was saying, before I was so rudely interrupted ... there's this guy, Rick the Dick. He's a total loser, asswipe of a guy - but if you get hungry, he's absolutely the one you want. He's so damn dark inside, I'll bet he tastes like ... I don't know ... brown sugar or something. Dark chocolate. Whatever is super tasty to succubi ... that's what he tastes like. Feel free to drain him of every last drop of human energy he has in his disgusting body."

Theresa's and Felicia's eyes glowed a dark crimson at the idea of sucking the soul out of Rick the Dick. I tried not to feel giddy at the idea of him being tortured to death, but it was really hard. Good Jayne was definitely taking a back seat right now to Bad Jayne, who was in the driver's seat and steering toward revenge.

Tony looked over and said, "I agree you should probably go after him - but you can't kill him. He's not worth it, first of all, and I can't have Jayne suffering the karmic aftereffects. So let him live."

I stuck my tongue out at him. Then I turned back to the twins, to clarify. "Just barely, though. Only a very small, tiny spark of life left. That's all. Feel free to overdose on the Rickness."

They smiled. "Don't worry, Jayne," said Felicia, "we get the picture."

Theresa picked up where Felicia left off, "The whole picture." She raised her eyebrows at me as a signal, and I could have sworn by that look that she knew what Rick had done or had tried to do to me when I lived with him in my mom's house.

I nodded my head at her, not trusting myself to speak. If I said anything to them at that moment the least I would do is take a contract out on his life and forget the whole 'leave a spark of life' plan. He didn't deserve to live, the molesting ass**le. It was nice to imagine him being assaulted for a change, though. I felt a smile break out across my face as I imagined his possible future interlude with my new friends, Theresa and Felicia - the succubus twin bombshells from hell. Or heaven maybe. The jury was still out on that for now.

I went back to my seat and soon fell asleep, dreaming of Rick the Dick begging for mercy as the twins sucked the last spark of life from his rotten, shriveled soul. The next thing I knew, the jet was touching down in West Palm Beach, Florida at the Executive Airport just fifteen minutes from my mom's house.

Chapter 18

I shook the drowsiness off from the long flight and nudged Tim, still asleep inside his cup holder nest, with my finger. He grouched at me a few times and groaned a bit but then got up, stretching and yawning. "Time to put on the glamour I guess," he said, flying up into the air in front of me. He continued to hover a foot in front of my face as I left the plane and walked out onto the already steamy asphalt and headed to the small airport building nearby.

"Glamour, what glamour?" I thought he was talking about clothes or makeup or something.

"A pixie's best defense against humans," he said, "the dragonfly charm."

I'd reached the door and was about to open it, but I had to wait for the performance that I sensed was coming. Everyone backed up behind me, waiting for me to finish dealing with Tim.

He spread his arms wide and then slowly drew them down across his body. When his hands had reached his thighs, he threw his arms out widely to the sides, shouting, "Behold!" in a majestic, resonating voice. Well, as majestic and resonating as a pixie voice could possibly be.

Nothing happened.

I giggled. "I think you'd better work on that charm, buddy." I opened the door and stepped into the air-conditioned interior.

"Laugh all you want, but I know it worked." He buzzed in behind me, fluttering near my head. "Now humans who look at me will only see a gorgeous dragonfly that they cannot bring themselves to touch or crush or capture or dissect or pin or any of the other terrible things humans do to those who are smaller and weaker than they are."

"Seriously?" I asked him, looking at him closer but still only seeing Tim, the pixieman, flying in front of me.

"Seriously. Watch and learn, oh ye of little faith."

He flew over to a girl working in the reception area. The girl smiled when she noticed him, her eyes following Tim's every move.

I walked over and got her attention by clearing my throat.

Her eyes jerked over to me, slightly unfocused. "Hello. Can I help you?"

"Watcha lookin' at?" I asked.

"That dragonfly over there. Isn't it beautiful? I've never seen one so close. Look!" she said, suddenly animated. "It's doing tricks!"

I looked over at Tim doing barrel rolls and flips in the middle of the airport. I said loud enough for him to hear, "Yeah. It's not acting like a normal dragonfly, is it?"

His flight path straightened up and he left the building, blowing a juicy raspberry at me all the way out.

I turned back to the girl at the desk who was now busy gathering some papers together. "Can you call me a shuttle-sized taxi? I need to get into West Palm."

"How many passengers are traveling with you, and how many bags do you have?"

Ivar was going to stay with the pilots near the plane, ready to take off at a moment's notice, so I quickly added up the remaining fae in my head. Me, Tony, Finn, Celine, Felicia, and Theresa. Tim can ride on the roof. Or maybe he can pretend to be a squashed bug on the windshield. "There are six of us. One backpack each."

"No problem. You can have a seat in the waiting area if you like. There are complimentary sodas and snacks in there."

"Thanks," I said as I walked away. I joined the rest of the group inside a glassed off area of the airport, already helping themselves to the goodies. I went over to the clear-fronted fridge and pulled out a root beer. It went down like the sparkling, sweet, icy goodness that I remembered. "Mmmm, that tastes awwwwesome," I said in a singsong voice. "I've missed you root beer. Why can't you come live in France with me?"

Celine walked over to join me at the cooler. "What are you drinking that you love so much?"

"Root beer. Nectar of the gods. Try some." I held out the can to her.

She put it to her lips and took a small sip, squinching up her nose a little at the carbonation. She paused for a second and then slowly nodded her head. "That's not bad, actually. I've never had that before."

"Well, help yourself. There's a cooler-full. You won't get this back home. Root beer's an endangered species. I'm afraid one day it'll be gone forever."

Celine pulled out a can and I took it from her, opening it up with a pop and a fizz of escaping air. She had pretty nails and I didn't want her to ruin them - plus she had stared at the top for a few seconds, looking totally confused, so I was pretty sure she didn't know how a pop-top worked.

She took a big gulp and a few seconds later a burp flew out of her mouth, obviously a big surprise to her by the look on her face. Her hand flew up to her lips and she turned a delicate pink. "Oh, my goodness. Please pardon my lack of manners."

I started laughing. "Don't worry about it. It's the carbonation. Root beer is the best for burps."

She looked at me uncomfortably, her hand still up at her mouth as if she was afraid another rebel burp would fly out at any second. "You like that about this drink?"

"Sure," I said cheerily, letting out a little burp of my own. "What's not to like?"

She giggled a little, which instantly allowed me to glimpse a much younger version of herself. She was a really beautiful person behind all those layers of formality and coolness. I'd bet in another life, we could have been friends. If we had been born in the same century maybe.

A voice came over the waiting room speaker. Party of six, your shuttle has arrived.

"That's us," I said out to the room.

Finn rushed over and threw open the door to the cooler, grabbing three more sodas and shoving them in his backpack. "For the road," he said, winking at us. I noticed he took three of them. I wondered if they were all for him, or if he was planning on using a couple to ingratiate himself with the twins.

I shook my head. Pitiful.

We all got in the shuttle, and I looked around frantically for Tim. "Where is he?" I whispered as loudly as I could without letting the driver hear me.

Celine nudged me and pointed to the windshield. Clinging to one of the wipers was Tim, smiling his head off.

"Where to?" asked the driver.

I gave him my address and told everyone we'd be there in about fifteen minutes or so, depending on traffic. I tried not to totally stress out as we drove along, but it was impossible. First of all, Tim was hanging onto that damn wiper the entire way, screaming with excitement every time the driver turned them on trying to dislodge him. It was like a pixie amusement park or something. I couldn't help but laugh my ass off when the guy turned on the washer fluid button, totally drenching the 'dragonfly' on his windshield. But I nearly had a heart attack when we were stopped at a light and the driver got out with a rolled up newspaper and made as if he was going to smash Tim the dragonfly with it.

I screamed bloody murder, "Noooo!! Dooon't!!!"

The driver looked at me like I was nuts, grabbing his chest, as if I'd nearly given him a heart attack.

I smiled at him weakly and said, "Sorry. I'm a pacifist. Please don't kill the disgusting little bug."

He rolled his eyes at me but got back in then van. "Pesky little critter," the guy grumbled, sending me into relieved and hysterical gales of silent laughter. I had to hide my face in my hands because every time I looked at Tim, he was making faces at the driver or flipping him off. The guy probably thought I was crying.

But even with Tim's antics and righteous indignation at being nearly smashed with the newspaper and covered in wiper fluid that did nothing for his hairdo, I was ready for a full-scale meltdown by the time we got to my house. I was seriously freaking out. And all the laughing during the shuttle ride had exhausted me.

Celine paid the driver while we all got out and retrieved our bags from the back. Before she let him go, she asked me, "Are you sure you want all of us here? Some of us could wait in the car. I'm sure the driver wouldn't mind waiting, would you, sir?" She turned her head back to him, waiting for an answer.

"So long as you're payin', I'll wait all day."

"Why don't you ask him to just wait for a while? We can come out later and tell him to go if we don't need him."

"Good enough," said Celine, putting her head back into the van to explain her directions to the driver.

I watched him turn the key off, leaving the battery running. One of the digital numbers on the fare counter changed, showing we were still being charged by the minute. Hopefully we wouldn't be here very long.

I stood out on the front lawn with my group of friends, the humidity of the day already seeping up through the crab grass that grew like weeds here. I never felt sicker in my life. Maybe my mom was inside, hurt, waiting for me to come see her. Maybe she was in the hospital, dying. Or maybe she was at work, completely oblivious to any emails that were sent, and some creature was waiting in my house to eat me.

Celine came up behind me and stopped to put her arm across my shoulders. "Worried?"

"Freaking out is more like it," I said, nervously.

The twins sized me up and then looked towards the house.

Theresa spoke first. "I'd like to know what I'm getting into here, if you don't mind."

"Yeah, me too. We're more effective if we know what to expect," said Felicia, swinging her dark locks over her shoulder, looking like a supermodel with that one simple movement.

"Well, I'm really not sure, to be honest. I received several freaky emails from my mom and then His Evilness, Rick the Dick, saying I had to come home right away. But Tony got some too, and they were all really fishy, so I just needed to come check it out. You guys are here in case it's a trap."

Finn looked really out of place standing on my lawn with a bow and arrows over his shoulder. He was completely unselfconscious about it, though, so I decided not to worry. My only concern was that he was used to fighting in open spaces. My mom's small, modest house wasn't exactly his usual turf.

Finn caught me looking at him and nodded his head. "I got yer back, Jayne."

I smiled tremulously. "I was just wondering if your bow and arrows would be worth taking inside the house. It's kind of small."

"I got a knife too. I've stuck plenty-a-gators in my time, so don't you worry 'bout me." He looked over at the twins. "I'm whatcha call 'adaptable'." He gave them his most charming smile, and I had to admit, it was cute.

Felicia smiled back at him, but Theresa rolled her eyes.

I cleared my throat in an effort to remind the girls of our earlier talk and about Becky. I was worried because Felicia looked like she was considering having a taste of my friend.

I looked at Tony. "You ready?"

He squared his shoulders. "Ready as I'm going to be, I guess." He took his axe out of his belt as surreptitiously as he could, glancing back at the driver. Luckily the guy was busy reading a magazine and paying no attention to us arming up as we approached the front door. The guy hadn't even questioned our tunics and moccasins, come to think of it. Maybe he thought we were actors in a local play. Maybe he was used to wingnuts in Southern Florida.

I walked up to the door, a twin on either side of me, Finn, Tony, and Celine at my back. Tim buzzed somewhere behind my head. I rang the doorbell and tried not to sweat too much while I waited for an answer. We didn't have to wait long.

The door jerked open and Rick was standing in the darkness of the foyer, scowling. "Well you sure took your sweet time getting here." He pulled the door open more and then started looking at the fae standing around me. "Who're all these people? Bunch a hippies, looks like." Then his eyes lit on first one twin and then the other. "But ya'll are welcome, sure ya are. Come on in."

All of a sudden he was our gracious host. He couldn't keep his eyes off the girls, and I for one was glad for that. Lure him in, ladies, lure him in. Then eat his face off, please. I smiled at the thought. Rick caught me by the arm, squeezing it uncomfortably hard, and said, "Your mom's up in the room. She wanted to see ya. Go on up, while I take care of these ... friends of yours." He practically licked his lips, all of his attention now on them again.

I signaled to Finn and Tony to come with me, Celine too.

"Just you!" said Rick the Dick, loudly.

I stopped. "They're my friends. They're coming with me."

"No they are not. This is my house, not yours." He jabbed his thumb at his own chest. "I make the rules around here."

"I have a better idea," said Theresa, sidling up to him. "Why don't you let them all go up, so we can get ... better acquainted." She pushed out her chest a little and tilted her head to the side with her chin to her chest a little. Then she turned her hips left and right suggestively, as if she was just an innocent little schoolgirl, nervous in the presence of awesomeness.

"Well, okay. Yeah. That's a good idea. You all go on up there and leave me with your two other friends here. What'd you say your names were?"

Cha-ching! Hook, line, and sinker! I wasted no time taking off, my friends following closely behind me, Tim the dragonfly buzzing in the air at my shoulder. I took the stairs two at a time, thanking the heavens for all the workouts I'd done as a changeling that left me in the best cardio shape of my life. I wasn't even winded when I got to the top. I took Blackie out of its sheath and crept along the hallway leading to my mom's room. I didn't even stop at mine, although a brief glimpse at its interior through the open door told me Rick the Dick had taken it over for his space now. Shithead.

I reached my mom's room and pushed open the door cautiously. "Mom?" I said into the darkness.

I could hear a rattling breath coming from inside, near her bed. "In here," she said. "Is that you ... Jayne sweetie?"

It was my mom's voice, but she sounded weak as hell and all mucousy in the lungs or something. I reached my hand over to the wall and flipped on the light switch. The room stayed dark, the bulb burned out.

"Don't turn on ... the light," she gasped weakly. "It hurts ... my eyes."

I looked back at everyone behind me, and I knew my eyes were as big as saucers. I couldn't see into the room and I was scared shitless about what was in there, sounding like a very unhealthy version of my mom. I'd already experienced a buggane imitating a friend and had almost fallen for it. I didn't trust the sound of my mom in that room. It wasn't quite right.

"I'm going to go open the curtains," whispered Tony behind me, squeezing past Finn to get by and into the room.

"I will stand next to the bed to be ready for what happens when the light comes in," whispered Celine.

I could hear an arrow being slowly drawn out of Finn's quiver.

"I'm gonna keep my distance to make sure I get a good shot. Only if need be, though Jayne. I ain't gonna shoot your momma if you don't want me to. Just give the order, though, if you do."

I watched as Tony crept over to the window that was across the room, one hand reached out to grab the drapes while the other held his axe at the ready. I could see the light blue glow coming from the weapon, telling me that the thing was going to light up like a Christmas tree if he got mad or felt threatened. That made me feel a smidge better about our situation.

Celine took up her position at the side of the bed nearest the door, while I moved to the one nearest the window. I knew my mom normally slept on that side, and I wanted to see her up close when the light entered the room. I held Blackie out in my hand just in case of surprises; it was invisible in the darkness of the room, blending into the blackness.

A slight draft pushed through the room, lifting my hair off my sweaty face; I had a feeling it was coming from Celine, who I'd seen riding the wind a couple times. Maybe, if there was some dangerous creature in here, she could blow it away or spin it around the room a few times."

"Ready?" whisper-yelled Tony from across the room.

"Jayne? Is that you? What are you ... doing?" asked my mom, again in the squishy, rattling voice.

"Do it," I said, ready for anything, my heart racing a million miles an hour.

I heard the sound of the rings holding the drapes zip along the bar that held them up as Tony threw them to the side.

A flood of bright sunlight filled the room from corner to corner.

My mom started screaming as soon as the brilliance hit her eyes.

I started screaming as soon as I saw her face.

Chapter 19

The hideous thing sitting in my mom's bed was my mom. I could see that. But her face was a swollen, lumpy purple bruise-fest, from her hairline down to her neck that disappeared below the covers.

"Mom?!" I yelled, not caring that Rick the Soon to be Murdered Dick would hear me, incredible sorrow in my voice. Tears sprang to my eyes and began cascading down my cheeks. "What the f**k happened to your face?"

"Hi, hon," was all she said. It was all she could say. Her lips were split and her jaw swollen so much, it looked like it was broken in at least three places. I could see that her front teeth had been knocked out.

"Oh, Mrs. Sparks," said Tony in a hushed voice, coming up to the side of the bed to stand next to me, "what happened to you?" He grabbed my cold, empty hand in his and squeezed it hard.

"Jayne," said Celine, her voice all business-like. "Your mother has been beaten severely. This was no accident."

"Mom," I wept. "Is that true? Who did this to you? Was it Rick?" I slowly sat down on the edge of the bed, terribly afraid of jiggling her and causing her more pain. My heart felt like it was being squeezed in a vice.

"I can't ... re ... member," was all she could get out. Tears were leaking from behind the swollen slits that were left of her eyes. Part of me was happy they were swollen nearly closed - I could only imagine what her soft and defenseless eyeballs must look like if her face and skull looked like this. I was getting nauseous just looking at her. I had to turn away to catch my breath and calm my stomach.

My eye caught Finn's. He'd lowered his bow and was looking at me now. "Jayne. I don't think the enemy is up here. I think it's downstairs."

I nodded my head, unable to speak. Without even thinking about it, I pulled The Green up into me, and like a raging, flooded river, I started overflowing with all of the energy I could hardly contain. My grief caused me to reach with abandon, pulling more and more and more. My mom didn't deserve this. She was a nice person who had lost her way with the wrong man. A very wrong, and soon to be very dead man.

"Jayne," said Celine sharply, "control it! Control your power and the flow! We need you whole and able to see. We have other enemies to attend to and I have a feeling it will not be long before they arrive."

I could hear sounds of raised voices outside my mom's room and down the stairs. I wasted no time, throwing back the covers to find my mom's hands. I needed to hold them to send the power to her soul. But the things I saw and smelled under that blanket made it impossible for me to be reasonable or smart. I bent over and grabbed her broken upper body into my arms, hugging her to me as she screamed in pain.

I sobbed with the agony I had caused her, leaving her here with that monster. "I'm so sorry Mom," I cried, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry," my litany of apologies continued as I sent every last ounce of healing power I could muster, out of my body and into hers while I rocked her back and forth. Sobs wracked my body while tears and snot flowed freely down my face and landed on the bed behind her.

"Please don't die, Mom," I begged, "I'm so sorry! Take the energy I'm giving you. Heal yourself with it. Don't leave me now, Mom. Don't go, please." I could feel her body going limp on me and it only made me cry harder. "Mom! You have to hold on! I know I can fix this! I can fix this!" I was sobbing loudly, my words coming out a garbled mess. I couldn't stop the pain that was destroying me. It felt like it was eating me alive.

I felt Tony's hand on my shoulder as he gently tried to pull me back.

I refused to go. I couldn't let her leave me, but I could feel The Green bouncing back into my body now, unable to do anything with the empty shell I held in my arms. "NO!" I screamed, squeezing her harder, trying to force the energy to do my bidding.

But it was no use. It had nowhere to go. My mom's spirit had already left this realm.

I held onto her for a little while longer, bawling the entire time, until I had no more energy to do anything; I gently laid her back on the bed, placing her head on her pillow. I slowly moved the matted hair away from her face and lovingly placed it to the sides of her head.

Tony's hand squeezed my shoulder. "Jayne. I can help her if you want." His voice was emotional but solid. I needed solid right now.

I turned to look at him, "How?" I asked in a pitiful, tearful voice.

"I can find her in the Gray ... show her which way to go so she doesn't wander long."

I reached up and squeezed his arm. "Can you bring her back to me?" I asked, desperate hope filling my eyes.

"No. I can't."

I looked down at the floor, the swell of utter pain and despair blocking my throat, making it impossible for me to speak; I tried, but only a weird sound would come out.

"I can feel you Jayne. You want me to do this, don't you?"

I nodded my head. What my mouth couldn't say, my heart had. Tony knew me better than anyone else and for once I was perfectly okay with him being in my head.

"Help me find her," he said, "Hold my hand."

I grabbed onto his hand without question, staring into my mom's battered, but strangely now peaceful, face. I thought of her smiling at me, so proud when I'd finally defeated chemistry and come home with a B plus. I remembered how we'd sit at the kitchen table and do our nails together on Sunday afternoons, and how we'd garden together and laugh when my cat sprawled out on the warm soil, getting in our way on purpose.

"She's here. She's okay, Jayne. She's happy. She's already finding her way."

I started sobbing again. "Can you tell her I'm suh ... suh ... sorry?" I hiccupped. I couldn't even speak properly, I was so wrapped up in her loss.

Tony was silent for a second and then he sighed. "She says you have nothing to be sorry for." His voice caught for a second, and he continued after clearing the lump from his throat, "She says she's sorry for failing you ... for letting him into your lives. She needs your forgiveness to move on. And Jayne, you don't want her wandering the Gray like this. She'll become tortured."

I stood up all of a sudden, now feeling ravaged and pissed at the world, taking it out on Tony. "Of course I forgive her. How could you think for a second that I wouldn't?"

He looked straight into my eyes. "Because I don't know if I can. But that doesn't matter because she doesn't need my forgiveness; she needs yours."

Through the tears that kept coming I said, "Well, she has it. Tell her. Tell her to go into the light or whatever. And tell her I'll catch her on the flip side." Even though I knew she was going to be okay, to lose my mom to violence like this ... it was too much. Things like what happened to my mom, shouldn't happen to women. Ever.

Tony closed his eyes for a few seconds and then came back to me. He squeezed my hand one more time before dropping it. "Okay. It's done. Your mom is gone."

I reached down and covered my mom's body with the blanket, pulling the sheet underneath up high to her chin. I couldn't bring myself to cover her face with it.

Just then Tim came buzzing into the room and up to the bed with an armload of flowers so big, it nearly grounded him. I watched as he flew around her face, carefully laying out bloom after bloom of every type of flower she had in her garden. By the time he was done, she looked like a fairy angel, lying in the middle of a miniature Infinity Meadow.

My friends gathered around the bed while Celine offered a parting gift of her soothing words. "May your mother find peace everlasting and joy beyond measure in the golden meadows of the Overworld. She leaves behind a legacy of love, bravery, and accountability in Jayne."

"May her death be avenged in a way that somehow makes all this destruction easier to bear," I added, already feeling the anger rising up in me. There wasn't a doubt in my mind that Rick had done this. Otherwise, she would have been in the hospital - where I know she would have gone to die, because there was no coming back from something like this, even with the best healers at work. No one could have recovered from wounds this horrific. Someone had tortured my mom. And that someone was going to feel my wrath in just a few minutes. Once I had my family at my back and my plan in my head.

Chapter 20

I went to the doorway of my mom's room to join everyone except the twins who were still downstairs. Finn, Celine, and Tony were standing just outside in the hallway. Tim was hovering above everyone. We could hear voices downstairs and they were louder than you'd expect for a succubus intervention.

I stepped into the hallway bathroom really quick to splash some water on my face to cool it down and rinse it off a bit. I didn't think dried snot was going to adequately express the murderous intentions I had towards Rick, and I wanted him to feel abject fear before he felt the pain I was going to bring. I patted my face dry with the purple towel hanging on the towel bar. Purple was my mom's favorite color. Seeing it in a rumpled pile on the counter where I'd just put it made me even angrier. She should still be alive, enjoying her stupid hand towels. Rick had taken her from me. My mom had suffered a senseless act of violence that was going to be avenged right now. And after I dealt with this issue, I was going to go over to Tony's house and bring the pain there too if necessary. I sent out a little prayer into the universe, hoping that the emails from his house were a false alarm, unlike the ones sent from mine.

I strode from the bathroom, charging through my friends and rushing to the stairs.

"Jayne, wait!" yelled Tony.

"Jayne! Please!" said Celine.

But I heard none of it. I pulled Blackie from my holster and headed for the voices I heard coming from the front room. I was totally unprepared for what greeted me there.

The twins were slowly being backed into a corner, not by Rick, but by three orcs. I felt like my eyes were playing tricks on me.

"Who let these f**king orcs in my mother's living room?!" I yelled. All I could think about was how they were going to stink up the place and stain the carpet with their blood. For some strange reason I wanted to call a time out and tell everyone to take it out in the backyard where we wouldn't ruin the furniture or bother the neighbors. I wondered if my mom would be proud of me for being so responsible. Then I remembered that my mom would never have the opportunity to take pride in me for anything I ever did again since the ass**le standing off to my left had killed her.

I raised up my arm, holding Blackie above my head, and rushed at him, heedless for my own safety. I pulled up short and watched in horror as the ass**le that is Rick quickly morphed into some totally messed up, demon creature with horns, claws and everything else you would imagine of a nightmarish monster. I had stopped short during the transformation, ending up about four feet in front of him. He smiled at me, giving me a very good view of his very lethal-looking, pointy brownish teeth - a set that included two very big and extra long incisors on either side. The creature's long, black, forked tongue snaked out and licked its black lips with a loud slurp.

My stomach rolled over.

"Hello, Jayne," he said, malevolently. "Come to play with Rick, have you?"

An arrow flew past my left arm and imbedded itself in the monster's chest. He reached up casually and broke the arrow shaft off, throwing it to the side as if he was just brushing off a fly. Black liquid started oozing out of the hole from where the splintered wood protruded.

"Surprised to see me here?" he asked, grinning wickedly.

"No. I'm not one bit surprised to see that Rick was actually cover for a steaming pile of horseshit."

The smile on the demon's face turned to a frown. "You mock me at your peril, fae girl."

"You stand in my living room at your peril, f**kface."

He took a step closer, and I held Blackie out in front of me. "One more step and you're going to feel the burn, baby. Just one more f**king step. I hope you do it, too. You're going to pay for what you did to my mom."

Tim started buzzing the demon, zipping around by his face, stopping every once in a while to stick the creature with his tiny knife. The little nicks he was leaving allowed black blood to seep out in droplets from the demon's face and head but didn't seem to bother him much.

"Take that, you demon dog! Die! Die!" yelled a fully enraged Tim.

"Tim, get back!" I shouted, worried he was going to be killed. I couldn't handle the death of another loved one tonight. I watched him, stressed about how close he was getting to the beast, but I also began to feel my spirit soar - my littlest buddy was avenging my mom's death as best he could and I realized how damn lucky I was to have him in my life.

Another reminder of how awesome my friends are came in the form of another arrow, buzzing by me, this one hitting the demon in the eyeball, embedding itself deeply. Kill shot! I prayed it had given him brain damage and would soon mean the end of its time in this realm.

The roar that came out of the demon's mouth was nothing less than unholy. It caused goose bumps to break out all over my body, and my hair felt like it was standing on end. Even the little hairs on my butt cheeks. I took a couple steps back, begging Tim to leave the thing alone. "Tim, get back here!"

The demon reached up to the arrow shaft at its eye and started working on pulling it out. I hoped with all my might that he'd pull his brain out of his eye socket with it. I turned my attention back to Tim for a second, urging him with my frantically waving hand to get away from the monster.

Tim finally obeyed, coming to hover near my head. "I got him for ya, Jayne."

"Thanks, pixieman. Now stay away from him. He's mad enough to kill you, me, and everyone else. I don't know what kind of powers he might have."

I heard some screaming coming from the corner of the room, and saw that the orcs were finally getting in close enough to grab the girls - they'd held the black beasts off as long as they could with their small, pretty-jeweled knives and energy sucking skills. I guess they didn't work so hot on the inhabitants of the Underworld.

"Finn!" I shouted, "Take out the orcs!"

Two arrows flew in quick succession from behind me and into the orcs' backs, making thunking sounds as the razor sharp arrowheads penetrated their thick hides, burying themselves deeply. Both orcs arched their backs involuntarily and let out screams, instantly releasing the twins. The girls scrambled over the now faltering orcs and slit their throats cleanly. Theresa made good work with her weapon, cutting the orc's head clean off; it rolled from his shoulders, spraying black orc blood all over my mom's favorite couch. The orc near Felicia was still moving a little, making efforts to get back up. Felicia stabbed it viciously in the spine and then jumped up, getting out of the way of the carnage and moving with her sister to stand with Celine, Finn, and Tony.

The demon had finally given up on trying to pull the arrow out of its eyeball and had instead broken it off near his eye - or what used to be his eye. Now it was a hole that black goo was running out of to drip down his face and chest. Sure enough, it was dripping on my mom's beige carpet. For just one moment, I was glad that she wasn't here to see this.

"You," the demon said, pointing to me, "are coming with me."

"Again, Finn!" I yelled, pulling The Green up and sending into his body, willing it to provide him with what he needed to bring about the death of this beast.

The arrow went airborne and found its target, true. The orc stabbed by Felicia, with his head still attached, let out his final death scream and fell to the floor, tarry black fluid coming out of the arrow hole in the back of his head to pool beneath him.

The demon looked at them and sneered. "Useless."

"I agree," I said, turning back to face him. "It's time for you to leave now." I had given up on actually being able to kill this beast with my weapon, whatever it was, since arrows to the eyeball didn't do any good. I was not afraid to admit that I was terrified about getting that close to him. I wished Blackie were longer.

I felt Celine come up beside me. She held out a long, silver, sparkling sword in front of her, pointed at my nemesis.

"Whooaa, that's a big friggin sword, Celine. Where were you hiding it?"

"In my cloak." Her eyes never left the demon.

Finn fanned out to our right, getting a better vantage point to take another shot at the demon.

The demon stood there, breathing heavily, grunting with the effort. He looked like he was trying to figure out what his next move was going to be. My friends didn't waste any time getting into position to take him out. Tony came up on my other side and the girls got my six.

"What's the plan, Celine?" I asked, deferring to her elderly wisdom.

"I was hoping maybe you or Tony had one."

My eyes left the demon for a moment to glance at her in disbelief. "Celine? You're our elder here. You're supposed to know how to handle this shit!"

She shrugged, keeping her eyes glued to the demon. "I've never fought in a war before. And I've never seen one of these either."

I guess at that point the demon decided that he didn't like being left out of the conversation any more.

"Stop talking. I am taking the elemental with me. Move or die." He took a step towards me, a very intent look on his black, blood-covered face.

My friends grouped in tighter around me.

Celine lifted her sword higher.

A breeze started blowing through the room. Some papers that were sitting on a nearby coffee table started sailing around by our heads.

I heard a singing whistle as Finn sent another arrow into the demon - a shot into its neck this time. A fresh river of spurting blood began flowing over the demon's shoulder and down its side.

I winced at the vision this beast made, with arrows sticking out of it, black blood running everywhere, horns sprouting out of its head - I knew I'd probably be seeing him in my nightmares for the rest of my life. To think that this is the thing that came into my room at night so many months ago ... it was enough to make me vomit right here in the living room. Man, would my mom have had a fit over that.

"Why?" I asked, all of a sudden. I had no idea where I was going with this, but I decided maybe I could stall him and give Tony time to come up with a plan. "Why me? Why not someone else? Some other fae? Like ... a cute succubus for example."

"Hey!" came the synchronized protests of Felicia and Theresa behind me.

The demon's gravelly voice answered, "They are not the ones who will bring about the end. You are the only one."

I thought about that for a second. Now I was even more confused. "The end of what?"

The demon's evil face got even more intense and frightening, which I wouldn't have thought possible. "The end of all fae. The end of everything that stands in the way of us and our destiny."

"And that destiny would be ... "

"To take the Overworld, naturally."

"Oh, yeah. Naturally. All the demons from hell invading heaven and killing the angels, I suppose. Then what? You rule the world? The universe?"

"Now you understand," he said, taking another step towards me.

We all moved back one step in unison, sticking to each other like glue. From far away, we must have looked like a ten-legged fae monster. I think all of us, save Finn, were worried about being odd man out, standing out there vulnerable for easy pickings. Finn stood off to the side by himself, loading up another arrow and waiting for the perfect shot. So far he hadn't found this creature's vulnerability. I would have thought the eyeball or neck would have done it. But no - the demon was as tough as he looked.

"That still doesn't tell me why you want me of all the fae in the world you could have."

"You are the Mother. Without the Mother, there will be no child. Without the child, there will be no ... " He stopped talking. "You are distracting me. Come with me now. I must get you to the chamber."

"Nope," I started shaking my head, "no chamber for me." Chamber? What chamber? Is there a secret chamber in my mom's house?

"We must begin with the conception."

I laughed and then snorted. I couldn't help myself. He sounded so alien. So formal. So ... freaky. I think my adrenaline was short-circuiting my common sense and self-preservation instincts.

"What are we supposed to be conceiving?" I thought he was talking about coming up with an idea, that kind of conception. But his next words told me he wanted me for something a little more personal than that.

"You and I are to conceive the long-awaited demon elemental. I will bed you now and you will return with me to the Underworld to await the birth. I am to be your demon consort. You should consider yourself honored."

I choked on my own saliva, suddenly unable to breathe. At first I could do nothing except gasp for air, but then Celine put her sword in her other hand and whacked me a couple times on the back. The percussion created by her fist-pounding dislodged the glob of drool that was stuck in my windpipe, and the air whooshed into my lungs, causing me to begin coughing uncontrollably. A few moments later, after my respiratory fit was over and I had taken a few deep breaths to regain my equilibrium, I found myself strangely speechless. All I could think about was, one, how many of my father's predictions about me were coming true right now - loser boyfriends, teen pregnancy, bad choices, and so forth - and two, what does a demon wiener look like? Total ew. I caught myself looking down at his nether regions and was very relieved to see he was wearing pants. I think if I had seen anything else I may have just fainted dead away, leaving my friends to save my sorry unconscious ass.

"Go back to the Underworld, demon," said Celine, in her tough-lady voice, "Jayne will not be accompanying you anywhere."

I held up my hand, first at Celine and then at the demon, demanding a pause so I could ask one more question. "How long have you been possessing Rick or inside him or whatever?" No matter what answer he gave me, it was going to be bad; there was no good one. I just had to know. I had to know who I had been eating with, who my mom had been living with, and who had tried to molest me.

"The day he moved into this house, of course. I had been waiting for a male human to come along and finally he did. I found him a most suitable host. A perfect mind - small and weak."

"Well, I guess we can agree on one thing." My mind was fast-forwarding through the last year of my life. The nights I sat at the same dinner table as a demon. The nights my poor mom slept with one and ... oh, ick, the nights she did it with one. And I remembered the nights he was trying to get into my room. For the conception.

"You've tried to do the nasty with me before now."

"Yes, but I was constrained within the human form. I am no longer. You will go with me." He took a step closer and I tried to take a step back but there were bodies in the way.

"Get back!" I said desperately, trying to figure out if I could make a break for it to the front door. I had no idea how fast this thing moved, but arrows to the eyeball, neck and chest weren't stopping him so I had to assume he could move fast enough to make that a bad plan.

Finn launched another arrow, this one to the beast's abdomen, and all it did was piss it off more. Another arrow shaft was broken off and thrown to the ground. More black blood. Tony held up his axe and it began to hum. I held up Blackie and pulled The Green up into me strongly. I sent it to the dragon fang I held in my hand and it began to glow dark green.

"Your weapons cannot kill me. I am from the Underworld. You are too weak."

Without warning, Tony leaped forward, swinging the axe with all his might. It came down in a glowing blue arc, embedding itself into the demon's shoulder. It sank in a few inches and stopped, sizzling a little as it sat there.

Tony got a panicked look on his face, as he stood holding onto the axe that was stuck in the creature's bone. He yanked on it one time, but nothing happened.

"Tony! Let go!" I yelled. But I was too late.

The demon roared and swung its arm in a wide arc, making contact with Tony and sending him flying across the room. Tony hit an armchair near the far wall and fell to the floor. My heart froze in my chest.

I could see him moving slowly, so my heart began beating again. He wasn't dead. I couldn't lose anyone else today. I just couldn't. Before anyone else put themselves in harm's way for me, I had to do something. I decided to make a play that I thought might work. This guy was from the Underworld. My powers were totally Here and Now, but they wrapped up energy from everyone here. Maybe even demons. Maybe if I could get him away from everyone, I could get rid of him myself.

"Okay. I'll go with you. If you let everyone else here go, and if you promise not to hurt my friends."

A chorus of disagreement rose up from the fae in the room. Even Tony who was struggling to get up, the look on his face telling me he was in pain from participating in the fae toss, was trying to let me know that he was not okay with my plan.

I turned sideways to look at all of my friends as best I could. I gave them a discreet one-eyed wink, where the demon wouldn't see it. "I have to go. To make sure you'll be safe. My heart is green with envy for all of you, really. It's just green, green, green."

I hoped they'd get the hint.

Celine took one step towards the beast. "Demon. I am a silver elf and I refuse by the power of the wind to allow you to take this child to the Underworld." She held out her sword and leveled it at his chest. "This blade was forged in the mountain by the sea. It will surely pierce your heart. And I know you have one in there somewhere. You cannot have fully sacrificed everything that made you who you were as a creature of the Here and Now."

The demon smiled at her, sending chills down my spine. He walked towards her until the point of the sword was touching his chest, just where you'd think his heart would be. "I know you, silver elf. You do not command Wind - you are merely its servant. And I have sacrificed everything to be here today." He took two more steps forward, burying her sword into his own chest. The blade should have pierced a heart and sent him to his knees, but all it did was make him smile.

Celine's face blanched. "Torrie?" she asked, weakly, with way too much breath.

The demon's face lit up with unholy anger. "Do not say that name in my presence!" He roared and grabbed the sword, pulling it from her hands by forcing it into himself farther and then turning sideways to yank it out of his chest. He threw it like a spear across the room, embedding it in the wall, black blood leaving the blade to drip down onto my mom's favorite framed needlepoint hanging on the wall below it. The vision it created was grotesque, especially since the needlepoint formerly of beautiful spring flowers now looked like a landscape of bleeding black horror. But the awfulness was nothing compared to the demon standing before us now. It's as if he got bigger and meaner. Whoever this Torrie was, he didn't like him one bit.

"Oh, my ... it's you. It's you, isn't it?" asked Celine, now clearly freaked out about the demon in a totally different way.

"Torrie," it spat, "is no longer. Move, silver elf, if you value your life."

Tears silently slid down her cheeks. Silver ones - or at least they looked silver. Maybe it was a trick of the light. "I cannot do that ... Torrie," she whispered.

I could tell she was torn. I wondered if she would stick him with the sword again, now that she realized she knew him. Either way it didn't matter. I was going to go with him long enough to get him away from my friends. Then I was going to do whatever I could to blast him back to the hell he'd come from. He'd killed my mom, and used horrendous violence to do it. He didn't have to be so cruel and do it that way, but he did. I would be showing this Torrie demon no mercy.

I stepped towards him to separate myself from the others and then threw up a green bubble of protection around them. I even wrapped it around Finn and Tony who were still off to the side. The only one I hadn't managed to contain was Tim, of course. The little pest was still flying around somewhere. I hadn't seen him in a while, but he was here, no doubt about it.

"No more arrows, Finn. They'll just bounce off."

The two girls put their hands up to touch the shield, realizing for the first time they were trapped inside.

"Hey! What gives?!" yelled Theresa. "Let us out of here! We can't help you if we're inside!"

I looked over my shoulder. "Yeah, that's the point. No one else is going to die here today." I mouthed the rest of the words to them silently so he wouldn't hear. "Except the demon."

Felicia looked at me, pleading, "Please, Jayne, don't! You can't go against him alone. You need us!"

I turned back to the demon but yelled so she'd hear me. "Sorry. He's got no soul or spirit for you to suck out and I'm pretty sure his energy is poison anyway. I don't want you to get hurt for me. My mom already paid ... the ultimate price." I was choking up again, but I continued, "No one else is going to do that. Not today." Except me, maybe.

I took one more step towards the demon, carefully and casually putting Blackie back in its sheath, hoping he would disregard my weapon like he did the others. I still had hope it might save the day.

Now the demon and I were only about a foot apart. "Come on, you ugly ass demon. Take me to bed or lose me forever." The thought of a demon wiener getting anywhere near my hoo-hah was absolutely gag-worthy, but I had to try to be convincing. I swallowed the bile that came up into my throat and willed myself not to gag on it. It burned my mouth and esophagus, reminding me how much I hated even just a little bit of pain. I knew the chances of me getting out of this without suffering any more of it were slim to none, but I was okay with that so long as I lived - or at least banished him forever. If I had to die too, well, that would suck the big honkiss, but at least I knew Tony could come and guide me to the right place and that my mom would be waiting for me. That made me feel a little better. She was kind of a crappy mom on Earth, but I was willing to bet she was awesome in the Overworld. Then there was also the fact that Chase would eventually be there. Maybe sooner rather than later.

The demon held out its disgusting hand, covered in blood from the neck and chest wounds that had bled down and saturated everything below.

I reached up to take it while my friends behind me sent up a chorus of angry warnings and fearful pleas. I ignored them and walked out of the room, being led by the monster who wanted to be my demon lover.

Chapter 21

The thought of doing the nasty with Mister Nasty himself was giving me the heebie jeebies, but I played the part of the resigned mistress as we walked through the dining room and headed to the family room. His hand held mine, and its rough, leather-like texture made me feel like I was walking with a giant, cold-blooded lizard. When we got to the narrow dining room doorway near the stairs, he dropped my hand and kept me in front of him, occasionally pushing me or jabbing me with a claw to steer me in the direction he wanted.

"Where are we going?" I asked.

"To the special place I have prepared for the ceremony." He led me to the bottom of the stairs, and something told me this special place was going to be in my bedroom. The idea of being bedded by a demon while surrounded by my high school memorabilia was funny to me for some reason, so I giggled. My mind was probably detaching from reality to help me stay sane. I forced it to come back, so I could be fully, mentally there and have the energy I needed to kill him off. I quickly went from giggling to gagging, nearly barfing.

"If you had cooperated before, your mother would still be alive," he said in a menacing tone, pushing me up the stairs in front of him.

I ignored the painful words he was trying to hurt me with and said, "I guess it would be too much for me to ask you to be gentle, then? I'm still a virgin, you know."

He pushed me so hard, I fell painfully to my knees on the stairs.

"Of course I know that. This would be a useless exercise if you weren't."

"Why?" I gasped, trying to push past the sharp throbbing in my knees and the near-breathlessness of my fear.

"Because the first time will bring the firstborn. It has been foretold."

Great. Not only was I going to be one of those ultra-fertile types I'd read about in health class but some soothsayer had also apparently been talking about my virginity. How rude. How embarrassing.

We were three quarters of the way up the stairs now, and I hesitated a couple seconds there, searching my brain for a plan and my heart for more courage. I berated myself for not going all the way with Steve Polson, the guy who had taken me to the junior prom and thought he was going to get a reward in the backseat of his car after buying me dinner and dancing for an hour. To think that prom sex could have saved me from a demon rape was too ironic and awful to fully appreciate right now; but if I survived this horror story, I was definitely going to be analyzing the shit out of it with Tony later.

The adrenaline was pumping through my veins at maximum levels, making my thinking go haywire. Anyone who says situations like these sharpen the mind is a lying ass**le. I felt like I was going to have a heart attack any minute, it was beating so fast. Sweat was coming out of my every pore. I could hear the blood rushing around in my ears. My brain felt like it was bulging out of my skull. Things were coming to a head and I still didn't know how I was going to pull this demon killing off. My brain was like a plate of scrambled eggs. I had to keep the shield up around my friends, so I didn't know if I could take care of them and this demon at the same time - one force of power to protect, one to kill. It was too much of a conflict in my mind and I couldn't sort it out.

Just then I heard the buzzing of wings. It struck terror in my heart. Funny to think it was a pixie doing that and not a demon, but I was afraid for Tim's little life. That stupid pixie was fearless - and unfortunately, he was also super easy for a demon to kill or maim.

I had no time to intervene. One minute I'm hearing the buzzing, the next I'm watching Tim zoom directly over my head, straight towards the demon. I twisted around to follow his flight path and realized what his plan was a split second before he executed it. His knife was out in front of him and he was flying Superman-style again.

"Hee-yah! Take that demon monster!" he yelled, flying straight for the creature's one good eye.

Before the demon had time to react, he had a pixie knife sunk up to its hilt in his eyeball. He roared in anger, and possibly pain, reaching up to remove the offending object. He was effectively blinded now, and because the knife was so tiny it was impossible for his clawed fingers to grab. He was scratching his own eyeball out trying to get to it. Nothing could have been more gruesome to watch, except possibly the sex the monster wanted to have with me.

Tim zoomed up the ceiling screaming, "Jayne! Push!"

I saw my opportunity and took it. From my twisted position on the stairs, I put both hands on the demon's chest and pushed as hard as I could.

It was like watching him go down in slow motion. He tilted backwards and started pinwheeling his arms to regain his balance.

He was virtually blind and couldn't see me, so I risked it, turning fully around to get better footing, and kicked him hard with the bottom of my foot to shove him backwards. It tipped the balance in favor of gravity - specifically the gravity that was at the bottom of the stairs.

His roar of displeasure, at the realization that he was going down and unable to see where he was going, rang out and bounced off the walls around us. I covered my ears to try and block it out. It was as if his screams were drawing pure evil up from the Underworld and bringing it right into the house - some sort of demon power thing.

He toppled through the air and landed with a big boom at the bottom of the stairs. I ran down after him to the last few steps and stopped. I had to do something fast before he gained his footing. I was pretty sure that our deal where I'd have sex with him in exchange for my friends' safety was null and void now. As my lawyer dad would say, I had breached a contract with the devil.

Without thinking about the consequences and with little finesse, I pulled up as much of The Green as I could. I moved it to the palms of my hands and collected it there, forming it into round balls of energy that I intended to launch at him. I could feel the energy burning through my eyes. I tried to leave them out of the equation, but they didn't seem to want to obey.

The demon was halfway up on his feet again when suddenly the front door burst open.

I was never so happy to see one face, and as mad to see another, as I was in that moment.

Chapter 22

"Chase! What are you doing here?!" I honestly thought he had blown me off. I was so thrilled that I didn't have to question his dedication any more, seeing him standing there in my mom's front hall. Then I turned to look at the other fae standing with him, getting instantly cranky. "Why did you bring him?" Ben. Like I wanted to deal with his stupid ass right now. Like I wasn't having a bad enough day as it was.

"You need him, Jayne."

"Fuck that! I need him like I need another hole in the head."

"Don't say that."

"Listen, I'd love to debate this with you, but not right now. I have a demon to kill." I turned my attention back to the black monster that had now gotten to its feet.

"Elementaaaal," it growled, turning its bloody head towards the spot where Ben was standing. "Stay back or I will kill her."

Ben ignored him. "Jayne, I can help you."

"Just get the hell out of my house. It's probably you who sent this ass**le after me in the first place!" I took two steps back up the stairs, trying to put some distance between the demon and me.

"That's not true and you know it! I've been watching over you for a year. I'm sorry this demon got through. I failed you. Let me help you send him back."

"What? What are you saying?" I was so confused. The demon took a step up towards me, feeling his way using the bannister. I took another step up too, praying I wouldn't trip while I was holding these green bombs in my hands.

"A demon can only be sent back through the elements. We must combine our forces together to send him to the Underworld."

I shook my head from side to side, part of me wanting to deny what he was saying. But my logical mind took over, reminding me that every weapon we'd used against the demon so far hadn't done a damn thing, other than blind him and make him bleed, which didn't mean much since he was now another step closer to me than he had been two seconds ago and he'd bled enough that he should have been dead by now.

"Fine. Just this one time. Tell me what to do." I felt like I was escaping the bed of one demon to get into the bed of another. My sense of morality was taking a hell of a beating today.

"You need to pull in Earth and Water. I will bring Fire and Wind. Channel through your hands, not your eyes. Keep your eyes clear. Don't lose your concentration." He took four long strides into the room, so he was standing at the bottom of the stairs but off to the side a little. "Look at me. Focus on my eyes. Do it now!"

I looked at him as he commanded but couldn't keep my eyes there. I kept glancing back at the demon who was advancing, step by step, towards me. I took two steps back, but if I went any farther, I'd no longer be able to see Ben.

Ben's very worried, angry, and admittedly beautiful face, that was starting to glow with the red fire rising up from behind him, never turned away from me.

Wind blew through the house, entering the front door left open by Chase - my daemon who was now also on the stairs, staying a few paces back from the demon.

"Chase, on my count," said Ben, his face showing a fierce concentration.

I had no idea what they were going to do, but I decided not to worry about it. If we couldn't kill this thing with the combined force of all four elements, I was just going to have to resign myself to losing my virginity to a blind, murdering demon and giving birth to its spawn or committing suicide by going into my element and never coming out. I'm pretty sure I could figure out how to disappear like that, too. The temptation was always there, actually, hanging around in the dark recesses of my mind whenever I touched my elements. Ironically, my mom's standard, go-to threat echoed across my brain as I considered the demon-baby option - "Someday, you're going to have a child just like you. Then you'll see what it's like to be your mother."

I pushed those thoughts away for another day because my mother's painful last moments on earth and needless death were too fresh in my mind. I looked at Ben's face. He was still staring at me intently.

"You can do this, Jayne. Just focus. Feel your elements. Command them. They belong to you, not the other way around."

I reached out farther and farther. I called not only to the living things with their roots buried in the soil, I called also to the souls of those who inhabited this planet, who fed from and lived on and died within its bounty. Millions upon millions of these sparks of energy filled my body, and I struggled with everything I had to push it all through myself and into my hands.

The green glow at my fingertips increased a hundred-fold, completely engulfing the stairs and front hall and foyer in its brilliance.

"That's it, Jayne!" yelled Ben encouragingly. "Now Water! Pull it in! Take it!"

I reached out for Water. It was in the air around me ... in the Earth that was communing with my spirit. It came from the heavens above us. It even came from the tears that were now coursing down my face in response to all this majesty.

A brilliant blue light surged out of my body. I reined it in, forcing it into my hands to join with The Green. The swirling chaos of green, and blue, then turquoise completely blocked my view of the demon.

"Not your eyes, Jayne, be careful!" yelled Ben. "You can do this. You control it; it does not control you!"

Not the eyes, not the eyes, not the eyes, I chanted to myself. Please do not let me screw this up. My vision cleared a bit and I was once again able to see Ben.

"Good! Now. On my command, we hit him with it. Ready?!"

"No!" I yelled in a panicked voice, "I have no idea what you're talking about!" I was going to f**k this up, I just knew it. Utter humiliation. An elemental who was a slave to her elements.

"I know you can do this, Jayne. You have to know it too. Have confidence. You are the Mother. These Elements are of you. Now when I say so, give it all to the demon."

I needed to clarify, since I wasn't sure what 'giving it' to the demon meant exactly. "Do you want me to blast him with it?"

"Yes! Exactly!"

The demon had other ideas, apparently not okay with being blasted. I could hear his pounding footsteps as he raced up the remaining stairs, energized by blind rage - literally.

"Now!" yelled Ben.

I saw the demon claws reaching for me through a kaleidoscope of colors that not only had blues and greens, but now also reds and violets, courtesy of Ben's elements joining with mine.

I physically slammed the balls of energy stored in my hands into the chest of the demon, who had by this time reached out and grabbed onto one of my arms.

Time seemed to stand still for a split second as the room exploded with colors. The sound was immediately snuffed out and I felt as if I'd suddenly been struck deaf.

The demon began falling backwards down the stairs again, only this time, he was taking me with him.

I had no more energy gathered into me. I was bare of it, slowly falling to what was probably going to be my death by broken neck. My other hand scrambled to pull Blackie from its sheath, and in the moments before I went completely airborne, I managed to swing it over and stab the creature's arm with it. I instantly caught a whiff of burning demon flesh and felt its claws release me as I tumbled downward.

Too late. It was too late.

I closed my eyes so I wouldn't see what my death looked like. There wasn't enough time to curl up in a ball or otherwise protect myself from injury, so I did nothing, just sailed through the air as if in slow motion.

I waited for the painful impact to come, but for some reason it didn't. I found myself landing in the arms of someone very strong. I could feel his muscles bulge beneath me as the force of my weight hit. Was it Ben? I kept my eyes squinched up because I didn't have any idea what had happened and my mind was telling me maybe I didn't want to know. But then I caught the scent of something other than demon stink, and I realized where I was.

I opened my eyes to see the face of my heroic daemon above me. He had caught me as I had been about to hit the floor, fifteen feet below my spot on the stairs where the demon had grabbed me. I looked down at the spot where I should have landed and saw the body of the demon there in a heap. He was pretty dead-looking and in a very grotesque way. Both of his eyes were blinded, black blood congealed not only in the sockets but also down the front and sides of his face. Broken arrow shafts protruded randomly from various parts of his body. He was one not-so-hot mess.

Chase walked over towards Ben, and gently put me down next to the only other elemental in the world I knew of. I wasted no time in grabbing Chase into a very strong hug, so glad to be alive and so amazed that he had arrived just in time to save my sorry ass. I knew Ben deserved a lot of credit too, but I wasn't ready to give it to him yet. Part of me felt like blaming him for this shitfest. Something he said a few minutes ago nagged at my brain.

I let Chase go and turned to Ben. "Thanks. For helping."

"You are most welcome," he said, bowing a bit at the waist. "I'm glad I got here ... in time."

"In time before I was raped, right?"

He cleared his throat. "A-hem. Yes. Exactly." He looked up at the ceiling.

I looked at him through narrowed eyes but was stopped from verbalizing my next thought by the arrival of the others.

Tony, Celine, Finn and the twins appeared from around the corner, coming towards us hesitantly, glancing from the mess on the floor to me and back again. My release of The Green had apparently dropped the shield around them too. Tony stopped next to me, looking over at Ben and nodding his head in acknowledgment.

"So how long have you known about this threat against me?" I asked Ben.

Ben sighed. "Can we discuss this another time?"

"No. I don't see why I should wait. Now's as good a time as any."

Ben looked at Tony, so I did too. I silently begged him to support me on this.

Tony said, "I'd like to hear your answer too, Ben. And thank you, by the way, for saving my best friend. I owe you one." He looked at me sternly. "She owes you one too."

"Hey!" I said, "Don't be handing out I.O.U.s on my account. I decide whether I owe someone something or not. And I want an answer to my question before I can do that particular accounting." I turned and glared at Ben. "So fess up. How long did you know?"

I glanced over at the twins and saw that they were nearly salivating over Ben. I had to admit, as mad as I was at him, I could see the reason for the attraction. It didn't change how I felt though - wary and untrusting.

"I have suspected for about a year or maybe a bit longer, that you might be a person of interest for some in the Underworld."

"Why, because you hang out there on weekends?"

"No," said Ben in a bratty, mimicking voice, "not because I hang out there on weekends. It's not like that."

"Well, what is it like, Ben? I'm so curious," I said with saccharine sweetness.

Ben exhaled strongly. "Listen, I'm not here to fight with you. I'm here to protect you. I'd think you'd be a little more appreciative."

"I am appreciative. But something tells me you have your own motivations for wanting to help me, so forgive me for not falling at your feet in adoration."

"A simple thank you would have been fine," he said, his mouth quirking up a little.

"Thank you. You can go now."

"Jayne!" said Tony, disapproval coloring his voice, "He just saved your life! All of our lives. Cut the guy a break. Please."

"He's hiding something, Tony! You know he is. Stop taking his side."

"I'm not taking sides, Jayne. I'm glad he's here, though. He saved you from ... well ... you know."

"Ugh. Don't remind me."

"Demon sex," said Theresa, raising one of her eyebrows suggestively. "Sounds kinky."

Felicia nudged her with her elbow, but she was smiling.

"Check the libido, Theresa, before you make me vomit all over your shoes."

Theresa winked at me but didn't say anything else. I decided then and there I had to introduce her to Spike - her and Felicia. Maybe they could keep each other busy for a while back at the compound. And I had to admit - I was glad to be able to go back to the compound. Without Ben, I'm not sure that would be happening right now.

I sighed heavily. "Ben. Thanks. That's all I'm going to say for now. I want to bury my mom and go home. It's been a long friggin' day."

"I understand. And you're welcome." He looked at Chase. "Chase? Ready to go?"

Chase nodded.

I don't know why I had thought he'd stay with me, but I was disappointed to see Chase leaving so readily. I looked down at my shoes, trying not to start blubbering again. "I guess I'll see you around, Chase."

He put his finger under my chin and lifted my head up. "You will. You can count on it."

I pushed his hand away. He was going to make me cry if he kept being so serious. I looked around me. "Where's Tim? Anyone seen him?"

Everyone started looking around - some looked up near the ceiling and some looked around on the floor.

I suddenly heard a noise. "Shhhh! I think I hear something."

Again the noise came. It sounded like ...

"It's Tim!" I shouted. "He's hurt. I hear him somewhere. Watch out!" I pushed Tony to the side. "Look out where you're stepping. I can't tell where the sound is coming from." I cocked my head to the side trying to pick up the noise again. One more time it came, from the direction of the demon.

"Oh, shit," I said, moving towards the demon's lifeless body. "Chase, get over here. Finn, help. Get this piece of shit up."

Chase and Finn rushed over to lift the black carcass up off the floor.

Underneath, barely conscious, was Tim. His wings were wrapped around him tightly, making him look like he was in a shimmering, gossamer cocoon.

I leaned over and picked him up, gently placing him in my other hand. I brought my palm up to my face and said softly, "Tim? Buddy? Are you okay?"

His wings looked okay, and I sent a silent thank you up to the heavens for that. I don't think either one of us could go another three weeks with a grounded pixie.

"Uhhhh," he groaned out, the sound slightly muffled by his wings covering his face.

"You almost got squished under there. Can you move your legs?"

He kicked my hand weakly with his tiny, little legs.

"How about your arms?"

His wings unfurled and he threw both arms out to his side. He was now lying spread-eagle out in my hand, his eyes still closed. I reached up with my other hand and touched his ribs with my finger. "Can you feel this?"

He started giggling softly. "Stop," he said, "I'm ticklish."

I smiled and looked up at my friends who were all standing there looking panicked, waiting to hear the verdict. "He's okay. Just stunned I think."

Celine moved her fingers to her heart in relief. They'd been resting over her lips as she waited for the results of my exam.

"Well, that's a relief," said Finn. "Pixies who can't fly are ... uh ... a certain special kinda challenge."

I smiled. "You mean they're a pain in the ass."

"Yeah, you could say that," said Finn, smiling back.

"I can hear you," said Tim, dryly. "There's nothing wrong with my hearing, you know."

"Well, then listen to this: Thank you. Thank you for sticking that bastard in the eye. You slowed him down and gave Ben and me time to finish him off. You're the best."

"The best what?" he asked, his eyes still closed.

"The best pixie. The best roommate."

"The best demon slayer?"

"Yeah. The best demon slayer." I walked over to the hall table near the front door and picked up a small bento box - one of the many my mom enjoyed collecting before Rick interfered in her happiness. I opened it up and lined it with a bunch of tissues from the nearby box. I gently put Tim inside. "Here's a temporary bed for you, 'til you feel like flying again."

Tim opened first one eye and then the next. He got a panicked look on his face. "This looks like a coffin!"

"It's not a coffin, dumb ass. It's a bento box."

"Does it have a lid?" he said, still looking suspicious.

"Yes."

"Don't put it on."

I rolled my eyes. "I wasn't going to ... geez. You think I'd go to all the trouble to rescue you from the crack of that demon's ass just to suffocate you in a Japanese lunchbox?"

Tim's eyes almost bugged out of his head. "I was in the crack of that demon's ass?!" he yelled.

I laughed in spite of all the horrible things that I'd just gone through. "Yeah. It was hairy too."

"Oh, no ... " he gasped, "I think I'm going to be sick." He sat up and leaned over the edge of the box.

"I'm just kidding!" I said hastily. "No ass crack! No ass crack!"

Tim looked up at me slowly, still hanging onto the edge of the wooden box, his eyes narrowed into slits. "You are pure evil, you know that?"

I shook my head. "No way. I've looked in the eyes of pure evil ... in fact, I've been propositioned in a highly sexual manner by pure evil, so I know it when I see it. And that ain't me."

Tim laid back down. "Pfft. Don't be so sure." He closed his eyes and almost immediately started snoring.

I held the lid a few inches away, tempted to put it on the box, just for a second; but I didn't. Instead I went back to where my friends were mingling and talking to each other at the bottom of the stairs. Someone had dragged the demon into the dining room. I could just see his feet sticking out of the entranceway.

"So, what's the plan?" I asked no one in particular.

Tony answered, "I've asked the twins to stay and help take care of your mom. I'm afraid if you call someone official, there's going to be a problem with the police." He reached out and took my hand. "She's been murdered, you know," he finished softly, "and you're the only one here. Rick's gone."

"So what do you think we should do?" I asked, confused.

Celine stepped in to explain. "There is a fae community nearby that can help. A service will come and prepare her body for the flight. We will take her back with us and conduct a departure ceremony for her there."

"Departure?"

"A funeral," explained Tony, "fae-style."

I nodded my head, not trusting myself to speak. I hugged Tim's box to me, my eyes seeking out and finding Chase nearby.

He stepped over and put his hand on my shoulder. "I'll see you soon. Hopefully not in another emergency situation like this."

I got a panicked feeling all of a sudden. "Wait! What about Tony's house?!"

Chase shook his head. "Don't worry about it. We already stopped by there ... Ben's idea. There's a note on the counter from his parents saying they're out of town at some convention. I didn't sense any danger there."

I smiled weakly. "Okay. Thanks. For everything."

I saw Tony and Ben exchange looks, Tony obviously relieved to find that his parents hadn't been murdered like my mom had. I tried not to be bitter about that and mostly succeeded. I didn't want Tony experiencing even one ounce of the pain I was at that moment.

Chase took his hand away and walked towards the front door, Ben following behind. I didn't say anything to him because I had already thanked him enough. The time would come when I'd force him to tell me the whole truth about who he is and why he'd been hiding in the background of my life for so long. But today was not that day.

Today was the day I had to prepare my mother's body for burial and remove any signs of her massacre and the demon's presence from my house. I needed to be able to walk the human world without worrying about being arrested for her murder one day. We had to make it look as if she and her loser husband had just disappeared.

It was going to be, hands down, the worst day of my entire life.

Chapter 23

After cleaning up the scene of the crime and having the twins use their talents on the van driver to make him forget about the body-sized package we had gently loaded into his vehicle, we were on our way back to the airport. Before long, we arrived at our destination and worked out a plan where the twins would cause a diversion near the welcome desk inside the airport so we could slip by and get to the waiting plane with our oversized package - my mom's body held in Finn's arms and covered in Celine's cloak.

As soon as we were at the foot of the private jet's stairs, Ivar came out to greet us, rushing down to carefully take my mother's bundled body from Finn. For some reason rigor mortis had not yet set in, so she lay limply cocooned, like someone who had just passed out. I didn't want to think about why that was - why her dead body wasn't acting like a normal cadaver. I knew she was gone and wasn't coming back. I didn't doubt Tony's guidance in the Gray for a second.

The trip back to the Light Fae compound was uneventful for the most part, unless you count my sudden attacks of sorrow that frequently sent me into the bathroom to try and calm myself and wash off my face. Eventually I fell into a fitful but exhausted sleep. I dreamed of darkness and demons and my mother's battered face. Even in sleep I could not escape the misery that now threatened to overtake all of me. One thing I could not get past was the fact that Celine somehow knew who this demon was.

I woke to a very quiet cabin, everyone asleep around me, with still a bit more than an hour left to go in the flight. I could hear Tim snoring in his bento box bed. I was hoping to ask Celine the question that had been bothering me, but a quick look at her seat told me she wasn't there. I got up and gingerly made my way around Tony's sleeping form to go find her.

Celine was sitting at a desk in the back of the plane, just inside a narrow doorway that led to the small office.

I entered and closed the door behind me, standing in front of her on the other side of the desk.

She glanced up at me and gave me a weak smile.

I could tell from her red-rimmed eyes that she had been crying too.

"Are your tears for my mother, or for Torrie?"

Celine's eyes widened at my question and then dropped down to look at the desktop for a moment.

I waited breathlessly for her answer. I wasn't sure what I was going to do if she said 'Torrie.'

"I was worried about you, actually." She looked up at me. "To have seen your mother ... tortured that way. No child should be made to suffer so."

I sat down wearily in the seat across from her. "No woman should have to endure that kind of beating."

Celine nodded her head. "True. Yes, you are right."

"She was a pretty crappy mom at times; but she could have been a lot worse. A lot. She didn't deserve to live with that piece of shit demon."

Celine shook her head. "I don't know what it is with certain women ... they see a spark of potential in someone, maybe - and they think they can turn that spark into a fire of brilliance ... turn a beast into a prince perhaps."

"My mom was a sucker for a smooth line, and Rick was full of that crap."

"Well, I know he had to be evil for that demon to have possessed him so fully and completely. You never suspected a thing, did you? In all that time?"

"All I knew was that he was a total and complete dirtbag. A molester. A scuzzbucket. A dickweed. A ... "

Celine cleared her throat. "I think I get the idea." She smiled at me, letting me know she wasn't censuring me.

"Anyway, I appreciate your concern, Celine, but you don't need to worry. I'm already scarred emotionally. This whole thing will just add some more scars to my collection." I took a shuddering breath. "I'll be able to move on, eventually."

"Yes. You absolutely do have people who care about you. Me included."

I smiled for a moment and then got serious again. "You still haven't answered my question." Enough with this touchy-feely stuff. I had to know the whole story about what happened with my mom. "So, who was Torrie to you?"

Celine sighed loud and long. "Who he was standing in front of you today, was a demon of high powers. I'm not really that knowledgeable about demon hierarchy - you'd have to talk to Anton or perhaps a wrathe with more experience than our Tony - but I do not think you want to know who he was today. You want to know who he used to be, am I right?"

"Yes."

"Torrie was a friend of mine, many, many years ago. A close friend. In fact, he had a bit of a thing with my sister. First, Torrie and I were childhood friends - then he took one look at Malena one day, and it was all over for him. He pursued her quite steadfastly for a long time. She toyed with him but was never serious. She turned away from him when Anton came into the picture. But by that time, Torrie's heart was well and fully owned by her. Nothing I ever did or said could help him get over the loss of her. Eventually, well ... " she sighed again, "he left us. I had no idea where he had gone. Now I know, at least, where he ended up."

A tear escaped her eye and dripped down her cheek.

"Where is he now?" I asked. "I mean, when you kill a demon, where does its soul go? Does it have one?"

She smiled without humor at my ignorance. "I believe he returned to the Underworld. He will receive a new demon form. I don't think we snuffed out his spirit. Spirits never die. They just move on to other realms."

"So these guys are like undead bastards. We can't kill them? They'll keep coming back?"

She shrugged. "I really don't know. I feel terrible saying that - the consequences are unthinkable, really, now that I see they are actually breaching the dividing space between the realms. I feel as in the dark about this as you do."

I swallowed the horrible misgivings that tried to come up into my mouth in the form of the worst swear words I knew.

"So, this Torrie guy. You think he's someone special ... down there? In hell?"

"From what he said, it appears so."

"Maybe you can convince him to get off the whole 'I have to do the nasty with Jayne Sparks' program."

She looked at me in dead seriousness. "If I could, I truly would. I would do whatever was possible to keep something wretched like that from happening to you. I ... I need to talk to Anton and the council members about the things Torrie said." She reached out across the desk to take my hand, which I willingly placed in hers. "I want you to know what an amazing fae I think you are. Even while all of us were standing there, shaking in fear over the grotesque vision that assailed our senses, you had the presence of mind to ask the right questions. If you had been as terrified as we were, we would not have a single clue as to why these demons are targeting you and why the orcs keep appearing in our realm."

I smiled shyly, coloring under her compliments. "I was just as terrified as you guys were. After he said we were going to do the dirty deed in the chamber, all I kept wondering was what a demon dick looked like."

Celine's hand jerked out of mine and she burst out laughing, the peals of joy bouncing off the walls of the tiny office cabin. She put her hand on her heart for a second and then pulled it away, fanning herself as she said, "Oh my goodness, Jayne, you are a sketch, aren't you. Oh, my ... "

I raised an eyebrow at her. "Try to tell me you weren't thinking the same thing."

Celine pointed her finger at me. "I will never tell."

"Ha! I knew it! You were probably jealous when he said he was going to be my demon lover, weren't you?!" I was only teasing her, but I saw the sadness rise up in her eyes. I stopped smiling. "Uh-oh. Whoopsy. You liked him. When he was Torrie, I mean. Didn't you?"

Celine's eyes were on some empty spot on her desk, seeing nothing but her past. She nodded sadly, saying nothing.

"So what you're saying is, you have horrible taste in men, like my mom."

She looked up at me in shock, but then began smiling. "I guess you could say that." She paused for second and then said, "Oh, how I wish I could have had a daughter like you, Jayne."

I was a little shocked at that confession. "Whatever for? So you could have aggravated stress every day of your life?" That's how my mom's life had kind of played out with me.

"No. So I could have looked at you and had the selfish pleasure of knowing that I was somehow responsible for your beauty, intelligence, loving nature, and fierce bravery."

"Whoa, Celine, I think you've had a few too many of those little airplane vodka bottles. Where are you hiding them? Or did you finish all of them already?"

"No. There is no vodka on board."

"Okay, Ivar's 'knock-a-changeling-on-her-ass' whiskey or whatever that stuff was."

She smiled. "No. Sorry. Just real, sober compliments you'll have to manage without the help of spirits."

I stood, deciding I'd had enough of her nonsense. "Okay, whatever you say. Thanks, I think. I'm going to try and pretend it wasn't your near-death experience today that caused a screw to come loose up there." I tapped the side of my head for emphasis.

"You do that. Now go wake your friends. We will be arriving soon."

I left the office and went into the main cabin, looking at all my sleeping friends, noticing Finn asleep with his head on the table, his arms reaching out as far as he could towards the twins - they were both asleep, leaning as far away from his arms as they could. I shook my head. Poor guy. He wasn't getting any of that - and I was happy about it, as visions of Becky's face danced in front of my mind. She'd had enough bad news lately. She didn't need to learn she'd lost Finn to a couple of supermodel energy suckers.

I started blinking the main light switch on and off, over and over, while saying loudly, "Ladies and gentlefae, your captain has turned on the seatbelt sign ... " the light went on with a happy ding and I looked up to see Ivar half-smiling at me from the pilot's area. " ... Please bring your damn seats to their most upright and most uncomfortable position immediately. Anyone failing to comply with the following orders will be forced to sleep with the pixieman on his or her pillow for the next week. And I do not recommend this as he does have frequent intestinal problems."

"Hey!" yelled a tiny voice from his bento box. "That's private information, Jayne!"

I went back to my seat and purposely nudged Tony in the leg on my way in.

"What?" he groaned. "Why are you so ... full of energy?"

"I'm not, dummy. I'm just glad to be going home."

"Hmmm ... me too." He sat up and rubbed his face several times and then his hair. It was sticking out all over the place, making him look adorable.

I grabbed him in a tight squeeze and said, "I'm so glad you're here with me."

He patted my arm, yawning. "Me too, Jayne. Me too."

The rest of the group slowly joined us, waking up gradually with yawns and wide-armed stretches. Ivar was nice enough to serve coffee and cinnamon buns to everyone. They were warm too, and the frosting was perfectly melting into the cracks of the fluffy dough. I rolled my eyes heavenward, falling into a sugar-induced happiness coma. If the looks on the faces around me were anything to judge by, I was not alone.

We arrived at the airport and wasted no time unloading our bags first. Then Ivar came out of the area where he had carefully stored my mother's remains, carrying her in his arms. We all walked to the van where Niles was waiting with a coffin strapped to the top. Tony and Finn worked together to take it down, stepping to the side so Ivar could gently lay my mom inside. Together they covered her and lifted her coffin back up onto the roof of the vehicle. After they strapped the pine box down firmly, we got into the van and left for the compound. I didn't bother to look at her during the process or talk on the way back. I couldn't stomach the idea of seeing her looking so battered again and I had nothing to say to anyone, lost in the memories of our better days.

As we pulled up to the edge of the forest near the path leading to the airplane symbol door of the Light Fae compound, I noticed some fae standing there who I did not recognize. Once out of the van, I got a better view of the entrance of the path, and I could see now that it wasn't just a few strange fae standing there; there were a lot of fae, standing in groups, some familiar and some not. I slowly advanced towards them, my backpack thrown over my shoulder, wondering what was going on. They all looked very serious and were staring at me - then looking at something behind me.

I turned to see what they were looking at, and it struck me. They were looking at my mom's coffin. My eyes went to Celine and she nodded once at me. I had no idea what she was trying to say.

Tony came up and stood beside me, taking my hand in his.

"What's going on, Tony?" I asked, totally confused.

"They're here for your mother. Out of respect for you."

Tears leapt to my eyes. "No," I whispered, unwilling to believe that so many fae might care about me like that - not sure if I even wanted it to be true. The feelings were too overwhelming for me right now.

"Yes," he said firmly. "You deserve this. You're a good person, Jayne. You are our Mother. Now toughen up and hold your head high, and get through this. I'm here with you. I'm not going anywhere." He squeezed my hand so hard I winced. This was Tony putting his foot down and I knew I had no choice. I wasn't feeling strong enough to make that kind of choice anyway. I was glad Tony had made it for me.

I took a step forward, but before I could complete the motion, I felt someone else nearby. Finn had taken up a spot on my other side, his hand held proudly on his bow, his face full of the quiet dignity I was used to seeing with the honorable green elves.

I heard the others come up behind me, and turned to see Ivar, Niles, Celine and the twins, all carrying my mother's coffin. Several of the nearby fae moved to join them - many hands making the work lighter. A sob jumped to my throat and I put one hand up to my face, covering it for a moment, trying to collect myself. The entire group of what could only be hundreds of fae, of every race, wearing every color of tunic I knew existed, sat completely silent at the entrance to the path, waiting for me to be ready.

I took a deep breath and steadied myself. Then I pulled my hand away from my tear-streaked face, putting it over my heart in a fist, giving my family a salute of thanks. I began walking again, headed for the path that would lead me home.

Both sides of the path were lined with fae paying their respects. As I passed, each one nodded to me a single time, putting fists to chests as well. I saw movement out of the corner of my eye and turned to see flowers being thrown in the path of the others behind me, so my mother's coffin floated above a field of color as it passed by. I knew if she were looking down at herself right now, this process would make her happy. It was a fitting goodbye for a woman who so loved her garden.

I thought we were headed to the airplane door, but I followed the new path created by fae on either side, soon realizing we were going to the Infinity Meadow. There, waiting for us to arrive, was Dardennes and all the members of the council. They were decked out in finery, the likes of which I had never seen them wear before. Each had a robe of a different color, sewn with threads of gold that twinkled in the morning light. A grave had already been dug and posts were set up on either side to hold my mother's coffin before it was lowered down.

Dardennes held his hand out towards me, welcoming me into the midst of the council members. All of them whispered their condolences to me as the tears ran down my face unchecked. The cranky old man-witch handed me a tissue for my nose and I thanked him with a croak. I couldn't speak anymore, so I just stood there silently, watching as the coffin was placed on the poles above the hole and the fae that had been lining the path followed behind, slowly filling up the meadow.

Once everyone had gathered around, Dardennes began speaking loud enough for all to hear. "Thank you, gentle fae, for coming here to say goodbye to this human woman - this human woman who was mother to one of our own, Jayne Sparks Blackthorn. She was taken from this earth by those who wish to do Jayne and all of us harm. We must be ever-vigilant against this type of hatred and evil. And the first step towards doing that is recognizing the thing that binds us all together. That is love. Love and community. Family. Friendships. We ask that as each one of you moves forward from this day, that you keep those thoughts near. Be ever mindful of the words you say, the feelings you harbor towards others. Those who wish us harm will take advantage of any weakness. Even the weakness a child has for her mother, as imperfect as that mother may have been." Dardennes spared a glance for me that said more than any words ever could.

I knew that many of these fae were aware of what my mom had done and the mistakes she made, yet they didn't hold any of it against me or think less of me because of it. I knew that whatever impression they had of me would be based on the decisions I made for myself. I was on my own now. But then again, I wasn't. I had all these beings here - these beings of Light and Love - to support me in my adventures in this realm. For the first time in my life, I didn't feel like it was just me and my best friend Tony. I was a part of something much bigger.

I nodded at Dardennes to show my appreciation for his kindness.

He continued, "And so we lay Marcie Blackthorn Sparks to rest on this day. May she find her way to Elysian Fields, to live out the rest of eternity in peace. So be it!"

"So be it!" rang out all the voices around me.

"So be it," I said softly, my voice unable to reach the proper volume. The tears and sorrow had made my throat raw. But I knew that my mom, wherever she was, had heard me. And that's all that mattered.

The coffin began to descend into the grave without the use of straps or winches. I could see the usually grouchy but now just sober man-witch from the council muttering some incantation, his hand held out towards the pine box. He was lowering her down with magic, and that seemed perfect to me.

Flowers began to follow the coffin into the hole. One after the other, hundreds and then soon thousands of blooms were thrown or dropped in by fae who moved in a steady queue past her grave.

My closest friends lined up, each of them with a shovel. They hugged me one at a time and then moved to the pile of dirt that was next to the hole. First individually and then all together, they began shoveling the dirt over the coffin, over the flowers. New flowers were added as they went, mixing in with the rich soil. When the last few shovelfuls of dirt remained, and the hole was almost completely covered, Dardennes came over to me, taking Finn's shovel from him and handing it to me.

I shook my head, unable to do what he wanted.

"You must," he said quietly.

I took the warm metal handle in my hand, letting the shovel fall to my waist. I watched as Robin of the Green came through the crowd with a small tree in his hand, roots dangling underneath. He walked up to the freshly shoveled dirt on top of my mom's final resting site and placed the sapling in a small indentation he quickly and deftly made in the soil. He stood and held onto the top of it dipping his head at me and then looking meaningfully at the remaining dirt.

I walked over slowly, now realizing what had to be done. I shoveled first one scoop and then another, throwing the soil onto the base of the tree, covering all the roots so it was fully planted over my mother's grave.

"Everyone, please gather and hold hands," said Dardennes.

I watched as every single fae in the meadow reached out and took the hand of the fae next to him or her. The Green rushed up into me, unbidden, seeming desperate and needy almost in its desire to participate in the touching ceremony.

I dropped the shovel and knelt down in the dirt next to the tree. I looked up at Dardennes and he smiled at me, nodding encouragement.

I placed my hand on the tiny, delicate trunk of the baby tree, instantly feeling The Green join me at the point of contact. I started speaking, first softly and then gradually more loudly, in my husky, scratchy voice, almost without thought. I knew exactly what I had to do for my mother and for the amazing fae standing around me who were sharing my broken heart.

"I call the Elements of Earth and Water into me. I call to the energy given and received, bound to the creatures of the Green Forest. I ask that you come together and show your Light in the form of this tree. For all and forever! We are fae together! May no monster or creature of Darkness ever put us asunder!"

I felt the connection amplify until it was nearly unbearable. It stayed out of my eyes but surged through my body and into the little tree. Within seconds the tree began to grow. I quickly stood while keeping my hand on its trunk. The fae around me began to back away, their eyes full of wonder. I could tell no one was afraid though, and for that I was happy. What was happening here was full of light and goodness. I was proud of what we were doing together. It was our combined spirits that was making this happen.

I took two and then three and four steps back as the tree continued to grow, stretching to the sky, its trunk growing in circumference while the bark went from the smooth surface of a new tree to the harsher, rougher, brown bark of a mature one. I could feel the roots of the tree reaching down deep and deeper into the earth, soaking up nutrients and water as they went. The earth rumbled slightly as the tree's legs took their place among their neighbors - other trees and plants nearby.

I finally broke contact when I sensed the changes in the tree slowing; I looked up in wonder at the being that had grown in the space of about two minutes from a sapling into what was now a mighty oak with far-reaching branches that shaded the space where my mother's earthly body would rest until it turned into dust. New green leaves were unfurled to the morning sky, and I could hear their delicate tissue-paper-like bodies opening with soft whispers. A couple of them loosened themselves and drifted down to land by my feet. I bent over and picked them up, thanking the tree through my link with The Green for its beauty and courage. It's not an easy thing, to grow up so fast like that. No one knew that now better than me.

I stepped away from the tree and turned around, leaves held gently in my hand. I looked back at my friends, signaling with my head that I wanted them to follow.

Finn, Felicia, Theresa, Tony, and I began walking back to the nearby door that would lead us into the compound. Tim rode my shoulder, silently for once in his life. Spike was waiting for us at the edge of the meadow and turned to walk with our group. I looked off to the left, towards the deeper part of the forest where I had previously handed Chase over to the Dark Fae, and I caught a glimpse of three fae standing in the shadows. I knew without clearly seeing them that it was Chase, Becky and Ben, come to pay their last respects to my mom. I didn't bother doing anything except raise my hand in acknowledgment. They waved back at me and then melted into the darkness of the trees.

I held my head high, all the way back to my room, before I collapsed in sobs, surrounded by my friends.

Chapter 24

I slept for twenty-eight hours straight. I'd heard of people doing that before, and I'd always wondered how they could do it without peeing the bed. I learned that my body is capable of great things when under enormous stress. I woke up in a pee-free bed, all of my friends sleeping on the floor around me.

I sat up, looking around me in silence, thinking that this must be what it's like to be a bear in a den in winter. It smelled a little funky from all those bodies and whatnot. A couple of my den-mates were snoring gently - Tim not so much. His snores were the usual, loud, wood-sawing type. I could see signs around the room telling me they'd eaten meals in here too. The place was such a mess, I decided Netter must have gone on strike due to a lack of chocolate balls and terrible working conditions. I must have been out like the dead, not having heard one peep of any of it. I thought about it for a second and realized I couldn't remember even dreaming about anything. Maybe someone had put a spell on me so I could be Sleeping Beauty for a while.

Then I yawned and caught a whiff of my own breath and decided, no, I definitely wasn't any sleeping beauty. Surely old S.B. never had breath like that in her entire life. Eegads. I slipped out of bed and tiptoed between my friends, stopping at the cabinet that held my toothbrush and toothpaste.

Scrum's nicely shorn head came quickly up off the floor. "Jayne? You're awake," he said, blinking a few times.

"Yes," I whispered. I had no idea what time it was, but I didn't want to wake anyone up if they weren't ready.

"Hey, everybody! Jayne's awake!" he said excitedly.

"Shhhh!" I whisper-yelled. "They don't need to get up just because I am."

"Sure they do. We have an assembly to attend ... as soon as you get up. Those were the instructions."

"Instructions and assembly, my ass." I walked through my friends to the dresser, pulling open drawers to take out a clean change of clothes and a towel. "I'm not going anywhere until I've had a nice, hot shower."

Felicia sat up and nudged her sister. "Treese. Get up. We're on."

I looked at her sideways, shutting the drawers and jiggling Tim's bed enough that he stopped snoring.

"You guys aren't coming with me."

"Yes we are."

"No way. I've had enough sexy time to last me for a while, thank you very much." I shivered, working like hell to block the demon's proposition from my mind.

"We've been storing some of your energy for you. We have to give it back. Then we'll leave you alone long enough to shower - but Theresa's volunteered us as your hairdressers for the day, so we'll be back in the bathroom when you're done."

Theresa slowly sat up. "What time is it? Where are we?"

Felicia stood up and held her hands out for her sister. "Come on, sleepy head. Up you go."

Theresa took her hands, frowning in sleepy confusion; then she looked at me and cocked her head, as if slowly putting pieces together. Her head straightened up and she smiled.

"Time to reverse our work."

"Yes," agreed her sister.

"No," I said.

"Yes!" They both responded in unison, moving towards me. I backed up, intending to get closer to the door, but they used that super-fast running mode those damn incubi and succubi have and closed in on me, pushing me back towards the bed.

"Scrum!" I yelled in a panic.

"Don't worry, Jayne," he said, totally nonplussed, "they're not going to hurt you. Just let them get it over with."

I fell back onto the bed and landed on my butt - my clothes, towel and teeth brushing stuff gripped against my chest. But they were a useless shield against two very determined succubi.

Theresa and Felicia kneeled in front of me, both of them staring me in the face. My gaze swiveled back and forth between them, not sure who I should be looking at.

"Just relax," said Felicia, lifting her hand to smooth one side of my hair.

Theresa did a mirroring move on the other side of my face, so I felt both sides of my head being stroked at the same time.

"Just close your eyes ... relax ... it will all be over soon ... " Theresa's voice was so hypnotic, I felt myself falling into a near trance at the sound of it. I wasn't completely gone, just enough to feel okay with the twins doing something to me that I really wasn't crazy about.

Soon I felt something entering my body - something energizing and awakening. It's as if I could smell it or something. It was a like a shot of espresso mainlined into my brain, heart, and lungs, all at the same time. It was springtime, objectified. I smiled as it filled every inch of my body, pumping through my veins and seeping into my cells. I opened my eyes and saw the last bit of a trail of smoke coming from their eyes and going into my nose.

"What the f**k was that?" I whispered.

Theresa and Felicia shrugged at the same time. Then Felicia explained, "Some of your essence we were keeping for you so you could sleep restfully and heal."

"We'll bill you later," said Theresa, standing up and brushing off her knees.

"Do you guys take chocolate balls?" I asked, still blown away by the feeling that was still revitalizing my body.

"Uh ... no," said Theresa. "But I'm sure you can come up with something." Her gaze focused across the room and I followed it to see what she was referring to.

Spike lay sleeping in the corner, his mouth hanging open in a half-smile, his teeth glistening in the darkness of the room.

"You want ... Spike? I'm not sure he's mine to give."

"We don't need you to give him to us," explained Felicia, "we just need you to tell him it's okay with you for him to give us a chance. Seems he's been holding out on some hope that maybe you'll be his one and only."

"Oh," I said hollowly. "Shit. That sucks. For him, I mean."

Felicia and Theresa did a very fast happy dance together, which consisted of them holding each other's hands up by their chests and jumping up and down in place ten times fast. They looked at me, now all flushed, grinning from ear to ear.

I shook my heads at them. "I'll talk to him later. I'm sure he'd be more than happy to ... umm ... take you girls out on a date."

Theresa lifted an eyebrow at me.

"Just, let me live in my PG world for a few more minutes, would you?" I asked. "I'm still getting over the whole demon lover thing."

Felicia reached out and touched my shoulder. "We understand. We totally do. Even we didn't like that guy - and that's saying a lot, because we can usually find something to get excited about in any person with energy."

"Rick's energy sucked?" I asked, out of morbid curiosity.

"Ever eaten a piece of rotten meat?" asked Theresa.

I shook my head.

"Ever smelled something rotten?" asked Felicia.

"Sure. I have a fart machine for a roommate."

"Hey!" came a tiny voice from across the room.

"Okay. Imagine that in taste form," explained Felicia. "That's what your mother's guy tasted like. We figured out soon enough he wasn't what he was pretending to be."

"Come on," prompted Theresa, stepping back and pulling her sister after her. "Old news. We're moving on. Time to get pretty." She gestured towards the door.

I stood and walked to the bathroom; I actually learned at that moment what having a spring in my step was like. I felt like I was practically bouncing all the way there. If I'd had a ponytail in, I'd bet it would be swinging from side to side like a crazy cheerleader 'do. Succubus-stored energy was something else.

Chapter 25

I had never let anyone else do my hair before, other than the lady at the hair salon. Normally the few times of year I bothered to get it cut, the hair dresser would straighten it for me and I'd look like a different person for a day or so until I washed it again. I usually just went with the standard ponytail myself. The humidity was so bad where I lived in Florida, the frizz would set in shortly after any attempts at doing something else with it, making every effort an ultimate waste of time. I was lazy with my hair and totally unapologetic about it.

The twins had arrived at the Light Fae compound with what looked like a complete salon in tow.

"What's this shit?" I said, picking up a tube of something that was sitting on the shelf in front of me. I was in the bathroom, dressed in a clean tunic and jeans, being attended to by the beauty queen succubi. They had put me in a chair in front of the mirrors, but I was too low down to actually see anything except the shelf and sink in front of me.

"It's hair wax. Don't touch," said Theresa, taking it out of my hand and putting it back down on the shelf.

"You're going to wax my hair?"

"No, goof. We put some product in your hair that will protect it from the heat of the iron and hold the soft curl we put in. No more frizz head."

I frowned but said nothing in response. I wasn't sure how I felt about curls, but I was curious enough not to argue - and no more frizz head sounded good to me.

The girls chatted away while they pulled at my hair and tickled my scalp with their brushes and combs. I wondered if this was what movie stars felt like, and thought that maybe I should have tried out for the school play last year as a stepping-stone to Hollywood. I could get used to having someone do this to me every day. It was relaxing, even if they did yank a little too hard sometimes.

"Ow! Watch it, Felicia. I want to keep the hair actually in my head."

She giggled. "Oops. Sorry. Your hair got caught in my brush's crack."

Theresa snorted. "You said crack."

I rolled my eyes. "Are we done yet?" They were starting to remind me of Tim. He really wanted to be in here with us, but when he'd suggested it, I started picturing how many burn marks I was going to end up with on my ears and sides of my face if the twins and Tim were both in here cutting up and getting totally distracted, so I told him he had to wait outside. Every once in a while he'd yell from the other side of the door, asking if he could come in yet.

Felicia came around to stand in front of me, where I could see her using her fingers and the palms of her hands to make some last minute adjustments to the overall effect. Then she said, "Okay. Stand up and behold our masterpiece." She was obviously very proud of herself and her sister.

I stood up and saw the reflection of myself and the faces of the twins in the mirror. They were staring back at me, both of them smiling from ear to ear. I couldn't say anything except, "Wow." It really was a wow moment for me, too. I looked different - glamorous, even. "Where's my ball gown?" I asked as I slowly turned my head from side to side, seeing their magical transformation from all angles.

I had only been joking, but Felicia and Theresa traded sly looks and Felicia said, "I'll be right back!" and then left the bathroom in a hurry.

My eyes narrowed on Theresa. "I don't know what you guys are thinking in those devious minds of yours, but I'm not putting on a ball gown. You can't make me."

Theresa smiled enigmatically, but said nothing in response. She walked over and opened the door, yelling out, "Tim! You can come in now!" She stood and waited until he buzzed in, shutting the door behind him.

"Holy bat balls, Jayne, you look ... wow ... I mean. Geez! What happened in here?"

"You don't have to sound so surprised," I said, dryly.

"Yes I do. When you go from ratty ponytail girl to covergirl, I most certainly do." He started buzzing around the girls' equipment, weaving through bottles of goo and spray and other junk they had used on me. "You got any tiaras in this mess? I want to see her with a tiara on that big old head of hers."

I brushed him away, "I don't have a big head. Get out of here."

"Don't worry, Jayne," said Tim happily, "it just means you have a big brain."

I rolled my eyes, refusing to rise to his bait. I had an assembly to go to and I didn't think I was going to be able to hide in the back row this time. Even though Scrum had given me no further information, I knew this assembly had something to do with me going back home and the demon I had encountered there. I doubted succubi did hair like this for the inconspicuous fae I wanted to be, standing in the back of the hall, getting irate at the stuff going on up at the front. No. This hair was for showing off ... or for walking to the guillotine. My head was going to look so nice as it fell into the basket.

Felicia came back into the bathroom, bearing a largish package, wrapped in a pretty, soft, cream-colored canvas cloth and tied together around the four edges with some green twine. She thrust it out at me, expecting me to take it.

I eyed the package and then her with suspicion. "I'm not wearing a ball gown." I kept my hands at my sides, refusing to take it.

She laughed. "It's not a ball gown, Blackthorn, just take it."

"Blackthorn? What's up with that?"

"It's your family name, and it suits you," she explained. "A beautiful flower surrounded by tough wood and wicked thorns. Magic inside to ward away evil. You know ... blackthorn."

Theresa chimed in. "It's all you, babe."

I reached out slowly to take the package, feeling its light weight in my hands. I had expected it to be heavier for some reason. I put it down on the chair so I could manage the unwrapping.

"Who's it from?" I asked. "You guys?"

"Nope," said Theresa, offering no more explanation.

I glanced up at her but all I got was a mysterious smile in return. I kept wrestling with the twine, unable to get it open.

"Never fear! Tim is here!" yelled Tim, swooping down with his tiny knife to cut the last vestiges of the twine from the canvas.

"Thanks, superhero," I said, folding back the edges of the wrapping.

The first thing I noticed was the color of the thing inside. It was a dark, dark turquoise, and immediately reminded me of the swirling colors that came to me when I combined the Elements of Earth and Water together. I couldn't speak for a moment, reaching down to carefully pick up the material so I could see what it was.

As I pulled the gift out of its wrapping, it quickly unfolded itself, parts of it falling towards the floor, shimmering as they went. The color that I had thought was a solid blue-green was actually both colors together and then again, both colors apart. It was giving off some sort of illusion, first being turquoise, then green, then blue, then a swirling of all three. It was mesmerizing. Beautiful. Magical, even.

I heard the inward gasps of my hairdressers and knew they were as affected by the gift as I was. They moved in closer to get a better look, admiration for the beauty I held shining in their eyes.

"What is it?" I asked in a hushed tone, turning it to the left and right and looking it up and down, trying to figure out what I was supposed to do with it.

"It's a cloak," said Tim in a very awed and respectful voice. "It's a council member cloak."

"What?!" I shouted, dropping the cloak on the ground in my shock.

The twins jumped back in fright at my sudden outburst and Tim took off in a frenzied spin of the room.

"No f**king way! I am not wearing that thing!" I shouted.

Felicia quickly bent down and picked it up off the floor, saying, "You have to, Jayne. It's an honor!"

"Seriously. Felicia's not kidding, Jayne," said Theresa, all serious business now. "I don't know what this is all about - it's as much a surprise to us as it is to you - but you can't turn them down. It's just not done."

I snatched the thing away from Felicia and rolled it up in a messy ball and threw it on the chair. "Well I can and I'm going to."

I made as if to leave, but Tim came down and flew himself into my face, totally blocking me. If I wanted to keep going I was going to have Tim smooshed all up in my grill - and the thought of a pixie penis bulge being pushed into my face, possibly even my nose? Not an option.

"Get out of my way, Tim," I said threateningly, trying not to lose the menacing power of my words with the inadvertent crossing of my eyes that were trying to focus on a pixie only one inch away.

"No. Listen to me first. I have something important to tell you."

I crossed my arms and closed my eyes to give them a break for a moment. "You have one minute." I could hear Tim back up a little by the fluttering of his wings and opened my eyes to stare him down, practically daring him to come up with one good reason for me to listen.

"Fine. Okay, what I was going to say is ... uh ... "

"That's what I thought," I said, making as if to move past him.

"No! I know what I'm going to say. Just wait! You're stressing me out. I'm getting locked up from the pressure."

I rolled my eyes. "Fine. You have thirty seconds left."

"Okay," said Tim, taking a deep breath, "what I was going to say is that you have to take the appointment as council member. First, of course, it's a great honor. You can see there are only a few of them. They serve for life. We don't see changes on the council very often. And you said yourself they're too old and they don't change their minds about important stuff often enough. You could fix that!"

"Sorry. Not good enough." I started to move again.

"Wait! I'm not done!" he shouted, holding out his hand. "There's other stuff too. First, you get to be in on all the important decisions they make for our community. Think about it! Softer beds! Two pillows instead of one! Tortilla chips on the buffet!"

I frowned at him. "Since when do you like tortilla chips?"

"I love tortilla chips! Are you kidding me? Who doesn't?"

"So you want me ... to become a council member for life ... so you can have tortilla chips for lunch?"

"And dinner too. And breakfast if you want. You'll be the boss, so, you know, sky's the limit."

"Sorry. No deal. You'll just have to fly to Mexico or something."

I started to move again, but this time, Tim got serious. "Girls! Grab her. I have to tell her the last part!"

Both girls moved up to the side of me, but didn't touch me.

I reached down to my leg to grab for Blackie but cursed to myself as I realized I'd left it in the room. I sighed. "Fine. Last try. What?"

"If you are on the council, you are bound to the other members."

I looked at him disgusted. "Ew. Is that supposed to be a selling point? Because all you're doing is making me feel better about my decision to decline."

"Yes, it's a selling point, dummy. Because if you're bound, it would be much harder for you to disappear into your elements. They can keep you grounded here with us, Jayne." He suddenly got all shy-sounding. " ... And I ... well ... I'd really like it if you stuck around." He cleared his throat and then did a few loops in the air, as if he needed to clear his brain of the emotion that was jumbling his words.

Of all the reasons he had given me to wear the cloak, that one was the most convincing - even though the idea of tortilla chips did have its appeal. Even now, in the relative safety of this bathroom, surrounded by my friends, I felt the draw and pull from Earth and Water. I knew they would be happy, if it were possible for an element to feel an emotion, to have me join them for all eternity. It was as if I were a piece of them, somehow separate. No one, and no element, likes a piece of itself to be apart. Ever since hearing about the wind elemental who had disappeared into his element, never to be seen again in any realm, I'd been a little afraid of suffering the same fate. There had been times, even when standing in front of the demon, that I had hesitated in bringing up The Green - or I had done it reluctantly after realizing I had no choice - because I was afraid of the consequences. The only recent exception had been the tree for my mom, but that was different. I had been using the force to connect with The Green and create - not destroy. I could do that all day long and not worry about disappearing ... but fighting Dark Fae, orcs, and demons? That took a more destructive force - one that could eventually destroy me too.

I walked over and picked up the cloak, holding it in my hands. The material was smooth and cool, almost like silk. The cloth wasn't as light as air, but it was nearly so. I could feel a warmth building inside the palms of my hands that gripped it. I was willing to bet the cloak would be cool in the summer and warm in the winter - some magical quality making it wearable year round.

"Who gave it to me?" I asked no one in particular.

"The council," said Tim. "This is how it's done. There's no formal ceremony or presentation. The cloak is delivered and you choose to wear it or not."

"What if I want to give it to someone else? Like Tony, for instance."

Tim shook his head. "Nope. Can't. The cloak won't go on him."

I wasn't sure if I believed him. I looked at Felicia. "Turn around."

"What?" she asked, confused.

"Turn around. I want to test it." I held up the cloak as if to put it over her shoulders.

Her face blanched. "No way. Huh-uh," she said, her hands up as she backed away. "I don't want that kind of bad juju on me."

"I'll do it," said Theresa, her head held high in challenge.

"No, Theresa!" said Felicia, anxiety tainting her voice. "You shouldn't!"

She shrugged. "What's the harm? It's just a cloak."

"I wouldn't do that if I were you," warned Tim, flying backwards until he was almost against the far wall.

I held it up, now at Theresa. "I'm game if you're game."

She walked over and turned around, back to me. "Go for it. Cloak me."

I put it over her shoulders, wondering how I was going to secure it there, but I was stopped by the shrill scream that came bursting out of Theresa's mouth.

"Gaaahhhh!!! Get it off meeee!!!!"

I jerked it away, noticing immediately the smell of something awful and a wisp of smoke rising up from her back. I glanced down in frightened awe at the cloak still in my hands. It was fine, not a mark on it. My eyes nearly bugged out of my head when I looked up and saw Theresa's back, obviously the place where the awful smell and smoke had come from - her tunic had burn marks on it and her exposed skin was fiery red and smoking.

Felicia grabbed her sister by the shoulders, forcing Theresa to look into her eyes. "Take some from me. Now!"

"I can't, I can't," said Theresa, desperation strangling up her voice.

"Do it! Or I'll force it into you!"

I watched mystified as Theresa stopped struggling and then stared intently at her sister, who stared back just as keenly. A wisp of glowing energy came out of Felicia's eyes and entered Theresa's open mouth. Theresa closed her eyes and mouth, inhaling deeply and then exhaling slowly.

I saw a movement at her back and watched in amazement as the wounds began to heal themselves. I knew that fae could heal quickly from injuires, but this was something else.

"Whoa," I said, without thinking. "What was that all about?"

Felicia dropped her hands from her sister's arms. "That was all about my sister doing something stupid - something she knew she shouldn't have done - and having to take some of my energy to heal herself." She gave her sister one last hard look before she turned away and began to gather up her styling products, putting them into the duffle bag on the floor under the nearby sink.

Theresa turned to look at me, shame on her face. "Felicia's right. I knew better."

"Then why'd you do it?" Something on her face made me ask the question.

Theresa looked like she was going to refuse to answer.

"Tell me, Theresa. Stop messing around. I'm getting crankier by the second here, not to mention freaked out."

She walked over to the sink to help her sister gather their things. "I did it to show you." She began throwing things haphazardly into the bag.

"Show me what? That you're an idiot?"

She shot me the evil eye and then went back to her task. "No, dummy. I did it to show you that the cloak belongs to you - and it's no small thing, to be given something like that." She stopped and looked me in the eye, leaning against the sink as she waved flat iron in my face. "Ninety-nine point nine percent of fae go through their entire lives never even able to dream of that kind of honor. And you know how long we live." She wrapped the cord around the now-cooled appliance as she continued to lecture me. "If you walk away from this, it would be an insult to all of us ... and an insult to the sacrifices many fae have made for you."

Ooof. Talk about a gut punch. This chick wasn't holding anything back. "Dammit, Theresa. That's playing dirty."

She shrugged. "Call it whatever you want. It's the truth. It's not just my truth either. That's how everyone here is going to see it."

Felicia added, "You can choose not to wear that cloak. That's your right. But it's important for you to know what you'd be giving up and what message you'd be sending, that's all. It's a big deal. You shouldn't take this lightly."

"Can I tell them I'll think about it?"

Felicia just shrugged at me.

I scowled at them. "I think it's kind of bullshit, really, that they send this to me and don't give me some sort of warning - and then expect me to make this life-altering decision on the fly like this."

Tim flew down to join the conversation. "They don't have time to let you get all girly and indecisive about it. In case you haven't noticed, there's a war going on around us. Our council needs you. We all do. It's time for you to pixie up, Jayne."

I looked at him, unable to keep the worry from my eyes. "What if I'm not strong enough to pixie up?"

"You are. Trust me," said Tim. "I don't hang out with wussies."

I smiled, looking at the girls and then Tim. "Neither do I. I only hang out with bad asses."

They all grinned back at me. "That's the spirit," said Theresa moving to punch me on the arm, but then wincing at the pain it brought her back. "Shit. I need to go get another shirt. I'll be back in a flash."

The next thing I knew the bathroom door was banging shut behind her. I never even saw her move. Five seconds later the door flew open and she was standing there in front of me again, sliding her old tunic off and the new one on.

"Damn, I wish I could do that," I said shaking my head.

"You probably can," said Felicia, zipping up her now full bag and throwing it over her shoulder. "You have all kinds of untapped potential." She gestured towards the door. "Come on. Let's go."

"Put the damn cloak on, would ya?" said Theresa as she moved towards the hallway. "Don't make us beg. It's rude."

I held the cloak out in front of me, examining it. I wished I had more time to think about it. I was feeling pressured. But as I watched my friends walk out the door with their bag of tricks, followed by Tim practicing his midair barrel rolls, I thought about what they had said. I had been complaining about the council since first becoming aware of their influence on our lives. They were resistant to change. They refused to see reason. They were old and out of touch. Maybe what they needed was a shot in the arm - some new blood to shake things up a little. I looked down at the cloak and then at myself in the mirror, realizing I was about to make a life-altering decision while standing in the bathroom, next to a toilet. How totally typical of me. I smiled. What the hell. Might as well go down swinging.

I held the cloak out in front of me and let its full length fall to the floor. I found the shoulder parts and grabbed them with one arm crossed over the other, so I could twist it around to land on my back. Before I could do it, though, the door to the bathroom opened and Celine stepped in.

"Oh good," she said, relieved, "I caught you just in time."

I stood there with the cloak dangling awkwardly from my hands. "Just in time for what?"

"Just in time for me to help you," she said, smiling warmly. "Please ... ," she said as she walked up to me with her hands held out, " ... allow me."

I held the cloak out towards her, confused as to what she wanted.

She took it from me and then gestured with her head. "Turn around."

I turned so my back was to her.

She stepped towards me and I looked in the mirror to see her reflected image. She was right behind me, the cloak in her hands. She had tears in her eyes.

"What's going on, Celine? Is this like a death cloak or something? Are you crying because I'm about to go up in smoke?"

She choked and laughed at the same time, her eyes bulging a little at the unexpected words. "Death cloak? What are you ... ? Oh, Jayne. You never cease to make me laugh." She threw the cloak over her arm and then faced the mirror, looking at our reflections. "Why on earth would you think we wish you harm? After everything that you've done? After everything that has happened?"

I shrugged. "I don't know. Because I've been causing trouble since I got here?"

Celine smiled for a moment and then got serious. "You have ... shaken things up a bit, that is certain. But more than that, you have united us. You have reminded us who we are and who we are supposed to be. Fierce. Strong. Loyal. Dedicated to our purpose here." She put her hands on my shoulders and squeezed. "We are proud of you. And we need you to take a bigger part in our world now. That is why the cloak is here. It is a gift of the council. We ask that you accept it and not question our motivations or our judgment. This decision was not made lightly. It's the first time in over two hundred years that we have bestowed this honor upon someone. Jared was the last. And there is no one more deserving right now than you. There are things coming for you ... for us. You will be better prepared to deal with them as a council member."

"Are you talking about me getting lost ... in my elements?"

"That and more. Much more. Now come on. Our family is waiting."

She pulled the cloak off her arm and once again held it up at my back. I looked at her one more time in the mirror and said, "If I live to regret this, you'll be the first one I come for."

She smiled. "I hope so."

And then she laid the cloak over my shoulders.

Chapter 26

I secured the edges of the cloak at my neck with the silver clasps there for that purpose. I could barely feel the weight of it, but I could sense the slight disturbance in the air that it caused, as I turned and it shifted around by my legs. I glanced down and saw that the colors were turbulent, in a lazy sort of way, shifting from blue to green and then back again. I looked up in the mirror on my way out of the bathroom and noticed that my new crazy eye color matched the cloak perfectly, the twins' hair creation making me look almost royal.

"It's nice," I said.

"It's lovely. As I knew it would be," said Celine.

"Thanks," I said, nervously, realizing I had to wear this thing soon in front of a few hundred fae, some of whom would be seeing me for the first time, having just arrived from different parts of North America and Europe. I was afraid my reputation would precede me and loud booing would ensue.

"You go get your friends. I'll meet you in the assembly hall." She squeezed my hand on her way out and then stopped. "Oh. And don't forget. You sit in the front with me now."

Tim was out in the hallway and caught the last comment made by Celine. He waited until she was a few steps down the corridor before he began shouting.

"Woo hoo! I've made it to the big leagues! I'm gonna be sitting at the head table!"

I laughed at him, silently thanking the universe that I had a pixie friend who automatically bestowed any honor given to me upon himself. I sure as hell didn't want to be up there by myself, the only fae under two hundred and fifty years old. I wondered if I could wrangle a tiny cloak out of Netter for Tim ... and another super fancy gray one for Tony.

I threw the door to my room open and said from the hallway. "Come on out and get a good look. First one's free."

Everyone stood up and came out, all of them admiring my new duds. Tony came out last, taking my hand in his. "You look awesome," he said, smiling at me warmly.

"Thanks. I want you to wear one too."

"I'm happy doing what I'm doing - working with the gray elves. I'll support you any way you need, you know that."

"I know." I squeezed his hand and let it go, adjusting the edges of the cloak in front of me.

I saw the twins staring at Spike and noticed that he kept catching them at it; but it was almost as if he was purposely looking away, trying to ignore them.

"You guys go on ahead. I want to talk to Spike for a second."

Everyone moved out into the corridor and started making their way to the assembly hall. Spike stopped in front of me, taking my hands in his.

"What's up, beautiful? Wanna make out?" He beamed his impossibly sexy smile at me, making me blush a little.

"No," I said, taking my hands back and pushing him gently on the chest to keep him at arm's length. "I need to talk to you about the twins."

Spike's face colored a bit, which is saying a lot because he's usually so pale. He actually looked like the human Spike for a second, making me slightly wistful for the time when I had no idea what fae were and didn't have to wear a magical cloak around my shoulders while I hobnobbed with thousand-year-olds.

"Oh, you don't need to worry about them. They're cute and all, but you're the girl for me." He took a step towards me.

I stepped back, keeping the distance between us. "That's what I wanted to talk to you about, actually. I'm ... uh ... not so sure that this us thing is such a good idea."

He looked at me, confused. "What do you mean?"

I sighed. Why does this have to be so difficult? "What I mean is, I don't like you in that way. I like you as a friend ... just a friend."

Spike frowned. "Are you ... breaking up with me?"

"I don't know. Is it possible to break up with someone you never actually dated?"

He half-smiled, humorlessly. "I don't know. Probably not. So you're telling me ... that you don't want to hang out with me anymore?"

"No, stupid. I'm saying, go be with the twins. Suck their energy or whatever. Roll around naked in the woods or whatever it is you guys do for fun. I'm not going to be jealous or even care. In fact, it would make me happy."

His eyebrows raised up an inch, a happy look starting to bloom across his face. "How so?"

I frowned at him and smacked him on the chest. "Don't go getting all kinky on me. I'm just saying they're nice girls and they both like you, and I'm ... spoken for. At least I think I am. So go ahead and hook them up with a little Spike action, would you? I think we're all in a little bit of danger here with them not having a boyfriend." I stepped closer and looked him in the eyes, all serious now. "But be careful. They're powerful. Don't get ... hurt."

Spike grabbed me in a bear hug, groaning in what I hoped was happiness. "Jayne, you are an amazing person, you know that?"

I rolled my eyes, my arms pinned to my side in Spike's enthusiastic thank you. "So I've been told. Can we go now?"

Spike released me and stepped back. "Of course, yeah. Sorry. So ... ," he rubbed his hands together, " ... off to the assembly?" His voice trailed off as he stared down the hall, following the receding forms of his future new girlfriends.

"Go. Do your super speedy-quick thing. Introduce yourself. Tell them I gave you my blessing."

He leaned in and gave me a chaste kiss on the cheek and then saluted, smiling his trademark sexy smile at me. "Yes, Ma'am!" And then he was gone in a blur, leaving me to follow at normal speed.

I admit to dragging my feet a little bit, in no big hurry to join the throngs of fae who would be whispering about me before I even got there. Tim waited for me outside the door, determined to be with me as I entered the room. He began coaching me as soon as he saw me walk up. I ignored the stares of the fae who were going into the hall in front of me, some of them being so blatant as to walk backwards as they stared at me, talking to their friends.

"Okay, now when you go in there, hold your head up. Don't take any crap from anyone, Jayne. You are the woman. You are a beast. You are a dragon slaying, demon killing ... "

I cut him off. "Thanks, Tim, but I'm not so sure that's going to help."

Tim put his finger to his mouth as I paused in the doorway. "Hmmmm ... well, what can I say then? How about - go in there and zap 'em if they piss you off. That's what I'd do. Is that better?" He flew over to land on my shoulder, using his wings to stay upright instead of grabbing my hair, which was a welcome change. It was much less irritating to hear an occasional buzzing than to have to suffer a thousand small hair pulls in a day.

"Okay, yeah, that works. Check. I have your permission to zap anyone who pisses me off. I should last about ... oh ... ten seconds, max." I walked into the room, taking the side aisle to get to the front of the room. I tried to be all sneaky about it, but as soon as I started moving, the cloak started swirling its colors all around, making it impossible for me to fly under the radar. I was so visually noisy, I was like a circus clown. I couldn't have been more obvious if I had been wearing polka dots, big floppy shoes, and a giant red nose.

The casual conversations around me switched to furiously whispered commentary, none of which I was able to catch on my way to the front. I decided to follow Tim's first round of advice and started chanting to myself in my head, I am the woman. I am a beast. I am a dragon slayer. I wished Tim were in my head so he could hear me.

No sooner had I thought that when I heard him saying, "You are the beast master, Jayne! Dragon slaying, bad ass Blackthorn, baby! Zap 'em!"

I smiled. I couldn't help it. I didn't care what these fae thought of me. I was in the damn cloak and it was now an official part of my wardrobe. I just hoped I didn't have to wear it all the time. It was going to get in the way of my moves the way it swirled around all the time.

I caught Dardennes' eye as I mounted the three stairs to reach the dais where the head table rested. There was an open seat now in between Celine and the crusty man-witch who had never seemed to like me much. The old dude didn't smile at me as I approached, but he didn't scowl either, so I took that as a plus.

I walked up to Dardennes, who looked down at me smiling. "Jayne. So happy to see you here. And wearing our gift."

"Well, jury's out on whether I feel the same way. But I'm here, so ... what? Is there like a secret handshake I have to do?"

Dardennes chuckled. "No. Just please, have a seat next to Celine and Red."

"Red?" I asked, glancing over at the old man. "Oh yeah. I forgot that's the witch's name. What's that short for, anyway?"

"You'll have to ask him," said Dardennes, mysteriously.

I scowled at the thought. "No thanks. Red it is." I went over to sit between the two council members.

"Welcome, Jayne. I'm so happy to see you here," said Celine, warmly.

"Thanks. Uh ... glad to be here. Kind of. Not really."

The old witch coughed out a loud bark of something, making me jump in my seat. I looked at Celine in a questioning way, but she just looked out in space, her eyes a little wider than normal. I leaned in close to her and whispered, "Did he just laugh? Or cough up a lung?"

She whispered back, "I really have no idea. I've never heard him laugh before."

I giggled. "I think it was a lung."

She smiled, even though I could tell she didn't want to.

I turned my attention to the crowd, now full of fae clumsily trying to find their seats while also unabashedly staring at me. I saw a few of them actually trip, unable to see where they were going because they were too busy gawking. I busied myself with finding my friends.

Spike had settled into the back row with his two beauties, Felicia and Theresa, one on either side of him. They were all smiling like crazy, the two girls busy chatting back and forth in front of a very happy Spike who didn't seem to mind that they weren't even looking at him. His head swiveled back and forth as he tried to keep up with their conversation.

Finn was with his green elf buddies; he nodded at me as he caught my eye. I also noticed Robin looking at me and smiled as he gave me his fist-to-chest salute. Several of the other green elves noticed me looking and joined their leader in showing me their respect. All the attention made my face go warm, and I willed myself to look away, for fear that their admiration was going to make me too nervous. I was already feeling the edges of panic building up around the boundaries of my conscious mind. I couldn't go into full freak-out mode now that I was on the council. None of them ever freaked out. I could feel my palms starting to sweat.

Tony was sitting with the gray elves, all of them completely ignoring me and the council, too intent on discussing whatever the emerging strategy of the day happened to be. I could see him listening attentively and then joining in the discussion while the others gave him their respectful consideration. I was so proud of Tony, watching him be this important, intelligent, rational fae guy. My mind flashed back to the day in class when he had finally agreed to meet me after school, his proud straight back in front of me. I realized now how that one moment had been a turning point for me, and I hadn't even come close to understanding how much of an impact it would have on the rest of my life. Something told me that putting on this pretty cloak was going to have a similar effect. It's weird how something that seems so innocuous can end up being one the thing that somehow defines you later.

Dardennes' voice rose up above the noise of the crowd. "Everyone, please, take your seats - the meeting is about to begin."

In less than a minute, the fae had followed his directions and only a few sounds of last minute whispers and shuffling could be heard.

"Thank you," he began. "First, a round of applause to welcome our newest council member who was selected after nomination by council member, Red. Everyone, please join me in welcoming Jayne Sparks Blackthorn to the Light Fae council."

The applause began immediately, rising rapidly to a crescendo that I could actually feel reverberating in my chest.

I don't know which stunned me more - the obvious enthusiastic response, or the fact that it was Red who had been the one to nominate me. I looked from Red to the crowd and then back to Red again.

"Did I just hear that right? Or do I have too much wax buildup?"

Red didn't even look at me. He just snorted.

"You know ... if you're not careful, someone's going to think there's a nice guy hiding under all that mean."

He turned to look at me and said without any expression on his face, "I don't think there's much chance of that."

I smiled. "No. Probably not."

He turned to the crowd, back to ignoring me.

I turned to face the crowd, smiling and nodding my thanks.

"Perhaps, Jayne, you can stand and say a few words," suggested Dardennes, evidently at a loss over this response and how to manage it.

I stood nervously while Tim chanted in my ear, "You are the woman! You are a beast! Give 'em hell, Jayne! Take no prisoners!"

I cleared my throat, surprised for a second by how well my voice was being amplified out into the audience. It was as if I had a microphone in front of me, but I didn't. There was nothing on the table there but some water glasses and a pitcher with clear, icy liquid inside.

"Hello," my voice echoed across the room.

The crowd quieted down.

"Uh ... thanks."

A few cheers rang out, one of which I recognized as the signature redneck hoot of Finn.

"I just wanted to say that I ... appreciate the council's vote of confidence in me ... even if I'm afraid I don't share that confidence ... " that got me a few laughs, which encouraged me to continue, " ... but I want you to know that I'm going to do whatever I can to earn this ... uh cloak and the spot at the table here. And I will try really hard not to put any of you into a coma."

The crowd starting laughing again and I sat down, apparently giving them the go ahead to start clapping again - only this time the clapping included a standing ovation joined with some hollering too. The happy kind.

My face flamed up and I kept my eyes on the table. I was embarrassed beyond belief.

Tim on the other hand, wasn't. He was eating it up. "That's right! She's aaallll that! Allll that and a bag of peanuts, baby! Demon slayer! Butt kicker extraordinaire!!"

"Shush, Tim," I said nervously, wishing they'd all stop. I hated being the center of attention like this.

I felt Celine's calming hand close over mine on the table. I looked at her and she nodded, smiling at me. "You're doing just fine. Relax. They won't always be this happy with you - enjoy the moments they are."

She was right. As a member of the council that made the hard decisions for the entire community - a community, I realized as I noticed all the strangers out in the audience, which existed all around the world - I was sometimes going to have to make unpopular decisions. And that was going to suck. Celine was right; I might as well enjoy this experience while I could. Who knew how long it was going to last?

I held up my hand in acknowledgment, pumping it a few times for effect, and everyone cheered louder in response. I put my hand down and looked over at Dardennes.

He nodded back at me and then faced the crowd. "Thank you. Thank you, everyone. That was very nice. I can see that you agree with our decision. Now, if we could get back to business ... "

The rowdy enthusiasm of the crowd died down after a few seconds, but I could still feel the excitement in the room. Lots of the fae were ignoring Dardennes and staring at me instead. I tried not to squirm under their scrutiny.

"As you know, we are faced with a war against the Dark Fae. That is not news to anyone here. Neither is the fact that we have many philosophical differences with them that have, for many, many years, kept us from being able to live in harmony or share our lives with them." Dardennes cast his eyes around the room and then came to rest at our table, staring specifically at Celine.

She nodded her head at him slightly, as if giving him permission to proceed.

"In fact, many of us have lost family members and other loved ones to the Dark Fae over the years."

Tim let out an indelicate snort, right in my ear. I know he was thinking of his wife, Abby, long since defected to their side. Along with their son, apparently. We still hadn't talked about it, and I knew if I didn't bring it up, we never would. Tim was terrible about sharing, but I was going to make him talk later. No more messing around.

"What many of you probably do not know, however, is that it has come to our attention that there is another enemy out there. One that is an enemy of all fae, Dark and Light together."

The whispering began again, softly, but I could see worried looks on the faces of the fae that had now all but forgotten my pretty cloak in favor of hearing Dardennes' bad news.

"Over one thousand years ago, a breach appeared between the realms, allowing many creatures from the Underworld to enter the Here and Now."

I saw heads nodding around the room.

"For those of you who were not here then, especially the changelings who have likely not heard the stories, I will tell you that a group of very talented and brave witches were able to surround the orcs that came up from the Underworld and encase them in a group of trees in the Green Forest. Thanks to them, and the sacrifice of those trees, not to mention the lives of many honorable fae, we were able to end the uprising that threatened our people and the humans as well."

I started to feel my face burning again, as the dots started to connect in my mind. He had to be talking about the orcs that I had released from the trees in the Dark Forest, turning it green again, once the orcs were out. But I thought the elves and dwarves had taken care of those orcs, leaving only a few strays here and there, like the ones I had encountered outside of the Infinity Meadow.

"Our newest council member, Jayne, and one of our wrathes, Tony, were recently lured back to their former human homes by creatures from the Underworld. These creatures killed Jayne's human mother - may her soul find everlasting peace in the Overworld - and attempted to take Jayne from us for their own nefarious purposes."

Nefarious purposes translation: For disgusting demon sex and the birth of the Devil incarnate. Nice. I could have lived without that reminder for the rest of my life.

"We have had some discussions recently with ... "

I heard the doors to the assembly hall open, which was strange, because normally once an assembly started, the doors stayed shut, everyone already inside.

"Oh, good. They're here."

Every head in the place swiveled around to see who had come in. My heart leapt into my throat as I saw who it was. Moving from the door to the back of the room, near the center aisle, were Chase, Becky, and Ben, accompanied by six ogres who I recognized as Light Fae.

Chapter 27

I stood up without thinking. I so wanted to run and meet them, to give Chase and Becky super big hugs - and to very possibly give Ben a super big slap on the face, just because he had brought his Dark Fae ass into my house after having convinced my friends to stay with him. I didn't care that they were only staying temporarily. I still resented him for it. But I was a council member now, so I had to act all mature and cool about it. I slowly sat down, schooling my features as best I could, trying to adopt the unaffected gaze of Celine. I hoped they were going to come up to the front so I could send Chase and Becky some looks that would translate as much as possible into those hugs. Ben, well, I could just shoot daggers at him.

"Chase, Becky ... please, bring your friend to the front with you."

I snorted loudly. Friend. As if.

I saw Red look at me and scowl. I guess I was already not measuring up in his eyes. Oh well. That didn't take long. I smiled. Now that I'd blown it, there was no longer a need in my eyes to keep trying to make him happy. It was kind of freeing, really.

The grumbling around the room started, as the fae began to realize who was in their midst.

"Before any of you jump to any conclusions," explained Dardennes, "I will tell you that I was contacted by a former member of our compound, Chase the daemon changeling, and he asked for an audience. He also asked that he be permitted to bring Ben with him, the Dark Fae elemental you see before you now. Dardennes held out his hands for silence as the assembled fae began talking louder, unhappy about the visitors and not afraid to show it. "Please. Be assured that they were not given open access to our compound. They were escorted in blind by the ogre guards you saw enter with them, and they will be escorted out that way as well."

Becky held up her hand.

Dardennes raised an eyebrow at her but said nothing, looking away and back out to the audience. I could see he intended to ignore her and continue to speak, so I interrupted him.

"Becky? You have something you want to say?"

She looked at me, first in confusion, then in shock, and then in happy surprise.

"Um, wow, hi, Jayne. Nice cloak! Yeah. I do. I wanted to say that I want to stay. I'm not Dark Fae. I was just there being healed by their medical team. I want to come back. I want to come home. I'm all better now."

Red slammed his hand down on the table next to me. "Impossible!"

I glared at him. "No! Not impossible!" I yelled back.

He looked like he was going to say something - I could see his chin trembling with barely concealed anger - but Dardennes kept the conflict from going any further.

"Of course, if Becky is able to pass the loyalty tests of our witches, she shall be permitted to return, as is her right."

I barely suppressed the urge to stick out my tongue at the crusty jerk next to me. I decided then and there that I had to get my hands on their council rulebook somehow. I didn't like being at a disadvantage, not knowing what was allowed and what wasn't.

Becky smiled and then gave me super-cute thumbs up with both hands. I winked at her but didn't do anything else, still trying to be cooler than I was really feeling inside. I didn't know how Celine did it - just sat back and rolled with everything the way she did. Must be her thousand years of practice or something.

Dardennes continued. "As I was saying, Chase requested an audience with the council which we granted, with some conditions. One of them was that he actually agree to address all of you, not just us. We felt that whatever information he wanted to bring needed to be heard by everyone - therefore, we would appreciate your careful consideration of what he has to say; after he has finished, we would also like to get your feedback." Dardennes turned to Chase. "Please, Chase. Proceed."

Chase gave me a quick look, no smile, and then turned to the assembled mass. When he began to speak, it pulled on my heartstrings. It was almost physically painful to have him so close and to hear his voice, but not be able to be with him. I noticed Spike looking back and forth between Chase and me. The expression on his face told me he was putting two and two together. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't keep the stupid look off my face whenever I laid eyes on the blond, muscled daemon standing in front of me. I was totally giving myself away - at least to Spike who had a knack for sensing my sexy thoughts. And it was impossible for me not to have thoughts like that when Chase was around anymore. I think having him gone and out of reach, making him nearly unattainable, had made him that much more attractive to me. I'm such a masochist.

Chase began with, "Thank you for allowing me to come and bring Ben with me today. It's of critical importance that I share some information with all of you, so I appreciate your ability to set aside your feelings about the Dark Fae for just a moment."

A few heads in the audience nodded, but nowhere near all of them.

"I have come to find, in my time here with you as Light Fae and also in my time with the Dark Fae since suffering an ... injury here ... "

I heard Tim's wings buzz nervously by my ear.

" ... that there is a bigger issue at hand, which you need to be aware of and for which you need to be preparing yourselves."

He looked up at Dardennes who offered him a nod of encouragement.

Chase looked back to the group and continued. "As you are aware, several orcs have been spotted out in the Green Forest. The Dark Fae, once they became aware of them, began hunting them down; however, even when they were able to do this, more arrived. We have not yet discovered how or where they are entering your realm."

"Maybe they're coming in through a door in your compound, Dark Fae daemon!" yelled someone from the audience.

That someone was lucky I didn't know his identity, because I didn't appreciate him attacking my guy like that.

"No, they are not. I am not Dark Fae, but I have spent a considerable amount of time in their compound and have investigated extensively."

At this, Ben stepped away from Chase, looking at him in confusion. I could see that this was news to him, which made me glow with happiness for some reason. Maybe because it told me that Chase was not totally wrapped up in Ben's bullshit like Ben thought he was.

"If you're not Dark Fae, what are you doing in their compound, bringing their elemental to see us?" yelled a dwarf I remembered as being one of Niles' friends.

"I had to go there for healing. The situation presented itself for me to learn more about this problem all of the fae are having and I took it." He shrugged his big shoulders. "I do not apologize for doing what needed to be done."

"I trusted you," said Ben, angrily, before he thought to keep his emotions to himself and replaced his angry face with one of cold indifference.

"I have not betrayed your trust," said Chase, matter of factly. "What I have done has been for your best interests - as it has been for the Light Fae as well."

Red stood up, full of righteous indignation. "You cannot be serving both interests at the same time. Do you take us for fools?!"

I stayed in my seat, not yet sure how I could defend Chase to these fae. Unfortunately, Red made more sense to me right now than Chase did, which was seriously depressing. I was starting to wonder if my fantasy relationship with Chase was going to remain just that - a fantasy. I sighed in frustration. Guys totally suck. Why can't they just make sense for a change?

"I do not take you for fools, no. I take you for reasonable, rational beings who can see the real threat when it is in front of them. Your enemy is neither the Dark Fae elemental who stands before you now nor any of his brethren. Your enemy has come in the form of orcs. It has come in the form of a demon who brutally murdered Jayne's mother and tried to take Jayne from you. Your enemies reside in the Underworld today ... but they are coming to the Here and Now soon, make no mistake about it."

The words spoken to me by the demon standing in my mother's living room came flooding back. I don't know why I hadn't been worried about them over the past few hours - maybe I'd blocked them out so I could move through the day without a feeling of imminent doom hanging over my head. But now the truth of what Chase was saying suddenly hit me like a ton of bricks. I could hardly breathe for a second. My hand went to my chest and I struggled to get my lungs to work properly. In, out .... in, out. You can do this.

I saw Red, who was still standing, look down at me, confusion marring his usually cranky features. I held up my hand to let him know I wasn't going to die just yet. I just needed to get myself back to normal. I brought some of The Green up into my body, just enough to take the edge of terror off. Immediately my cloak took on an even greater shine, almost glowing now with the connection firmly in place, the energy flowing around me and cooling me off, calming me down.

"Uh-oh," said Tim. "Someone's going into a commaaaa ... "

"Shut up," I whispered, sending The Green back into the earth beneath the compound. "I just needed a little boost."

I looked up and realized the place had gone silent, everyone watching me talk to Tim - which I'm sure just looked like me talking to myself. There were probably more than a few fae questioning the wisdom of council members who put a lunatic at the head table. I sighed. There was just no getting away from this constant self-doubt for me. I wondered if I was ever going to feel comfortable in this role.

"I think it's best if you heard this part of the story from Jayne. She was present when the demon told her his plan."

I started shaking my head. No f**king way was I going to confess to the entire fae nation that a nasty ass demon wanted to do the dirty deed with me and have me give birth to his terrifying spawn. The disturbing vision of demon wieners started dancing in my brain again. I squeezed my eyes shut, trying to block the images that taunted me.

Celine stood up, casually resting her hand on my shoulder, immediately bringing me a small measure of peace. "I don't think that will be necessary, as I was also there. Jayne suffered an extreme trauma that day with her mother's death. I'm certain she doesn't remember all of the details; I, however, do. Therefore, please allow me to explain."

I loved her in that moment. She was my personal superhero. Celine - slayer of personal dragons.

She went on to relate the devious plans of the demon and I pretended not to care or be humiliated by all of it. Some of the fae snuck glances at me, but for the most part those glances held pity and sadness - nothing that made me feel bad about myself. I was grateful for that.

I could tell she was finishing up when she said, "And so you see, there is something happening here. What it is, we are not sure exactly. But we felt it important enough that we agreed to allow Chase to re-enter the compound so he could share the information he has with all of us."

The murmurs in the crowd began as soon as Celine took her seat.

Dardennes allowed it to go on for a while until he saw a lot of faces starting to look our way. Then he said, "We ask you now to submit your comments or questions."

They didn't waste any time. A witch stood and said, "You speak as if you aren't Light Fae and you aren't yet Dark either. What are you then, if you claim allegiance to no one?"

Chase stood up taller and said firmly. "I claim allegiance to one fae and one fae only. Jayne. Your Mother."

My heart felt like it was going to explode. My face started burning along with my ears. I knew I was red to the roots of my hair. He didn't turn to look at me, thank goodness, because I probably would have fainted if I had seen his face right then. Not only was he practically declaring himself to me, he was also calling me that ridiculous name again. And he knew how much it bothered me. I was definitely going to have to smack him when I got close enough.

"That doesn't answer my question."

"It's as much of an answer as you're going to get," he said. I noticed that he seemed more like the real Chase than he had in a long time - no more giggling, no more smiling. He was all business. Somehow it made him more attractive and more intimidating, all at the same time.

"He should have to answer our questions; if he's here to submit himself to us, how are we supposed to trust what he says if he won't tell us who he really is?"

Finn stood up. "He's just a confused changeling, is all. Ya'll just need to give 'im a break."

Red, who had sat down, listening to Chase with growing indignation, piped up again. "He's no simple changeling."

I could see the suspicion blooming across his face. Of course I knew Chase was no simple changeling either - as did Becky ... and Celine and Dardennes, because I had told them. But I wasn't going to be the one to blow his cover. I figured the more fae who knew, the less chance I had that he'd be sticking around. And I didn't want him to leave. I needed him here with me. I wasn't up on the protocol of Overworld creatures mingling with us in the Here and Now, and I still wasn't exactly sure what I believed about Chase and all that stuff, but it seemed implausible that an angel or a demon could just hang out with us in our realm forever. Seemed like it would throw the balance off or something. The more I thought about it, the more depressed I became.

"You have heard what I came to say. I would like to get the Light Fae council and the Dark Fae council together to discuss this matter. On neutral territory."

The fae started grumbling amongst themselves again. Dardennes walked over behind our seats, ignoring the crowd, so we all stood to join him in a circle. He spoke in low tones so that only we could hear him.

"What do you think, council members? He is suggesting something that has not occurred in eons."

"You guys meeting with their council? You guys never do that?" It seemed kind of silly to me. I mean, even my human country's leaders got together with their enemies from time to time, to try and work things out. Sometimes it even worked.

"No. It isn't done," said Red.

"I don't like it," said Niles from a couple feet down. He was one suspicious looking dwarf.

"I think it's necessary," interjected Celine. "You didn't see that demon. If more of his kind come here - I'm afraid to think of what that could mean, not only for us, but for the humans as well. And where would we be without them?"

All of the council members began looking at one another. I decided to give it a shot. "Listen, what's the harm in talking? We can use our witches to make sure they don't try anything funny. I saw that demon too. Celine covered for my ass a minute ago saying I didn't remember, which I appreciate, but the truth is, I remember everything. They have some big, disgusting plans. And if you guys don't mind, I'd rather not be a demon mommy anytime soon. So can we please just agree to meet with them once? To talk? I promise I'll behave."

Dardennes smiled. "We are not concerned about your behavior."

"Speak for yourself," grumbled Red.

Dardennes frowned at him and Red had the good sense to look slightly chagrined.

"All in favor of a single meeting with the Dark Fae council, to be held on common ground and presided over by Chase, say aye."

Everyone but Red and Niles answered in the affirmative.

"The ayes have it. I will push to have this meeting tomorrow."

We broke apart and went back to our seats. I looked at Chase and winked. He nodded ever so slightly at me and then turned his eyes towards Dardennes, who began speaking as soon as he reached his chair.

"The council has voted in favor of a meeting with the Dark Fae council, to be held tomorrow and presided over by Chase. This meeting will be closed to other fae, including those who may think they wish to listen in." He gave a pointed look towards the witches in the back of the room who looked at each other with what appeared to be guilty looks on their faces.

"We will ask that witches particularly adept in providing protection spells and charms come see us after this assembly so we can discuss our safety at the meeting. We also ask the leader of the ogres to please be prepared to provide us with ten of your group for additional personal security."

I was happy to hear we were going to have muscle there, just in case the witchy stuff didn't work out. In my experience, it tended to backfire as often as it worked. Maybe that's because I'd been on the receiving end of Samantha's talents too many times.

"We will hold another assembly tomorrow evening to conclude this business with all of you and to let you know the outcome of our meeting with the Dark Fae. Please report back here at six in the evening tomorrow for the update, unless you hear otherwise."

Being on the council gave me the right to leave before everyone else, but I wanted to talk to Chase and Becky, so I left my seat and went down to the stage in front of the head table.

Becky came running over to me and grabbed me in a fierce hug, while Tim buzzed around our heads.

Tim started talking a mile a minute, "Tell her I'm happy to see her. Tell her she looks good. Tell her I don't hold it against her that she mingled with the bad fae. Ask her if she saw Abby. No, wait, don't ask her that."

"Tim's glad to see you back. So am I."

She pulled away. "I'm glad to see you guys too. You have no idea how happy I am to be here. I just wanted to give you a quick hug - I have to go talk to Naida." She cast her eyes around the room, trying to find her.

"She's at the door. Why don't you just teleport over there?"

Becky frowned slightly. "I'm not allowed to yet. Not until I pass their loyalty test."

"Oh. Bummer." I meant it too. I'd hate to have my talents grounded like that. I remembered what it had been like in the Dark Fae dungeon when I was blocked from connecting with The Green - it was a horrible feeling. I patted her on the back. "Don't worry. I'm sure you'll be fine. Hopefully it won't hurt."

Her eyes got huge and her smile disappeared. "Oh my gosh. Do you think ... ? I didn't expect ... "

I smiled. "I'm just kidding. I'm sure they aren't going to hurt you."

Ben and Chase walked up as I finished calming her down. I looked at Ben as I said the last part.

"We're not Dark Fae. We don't torture our own kind."

Ben's eyes narrowed, but he said nothing.

Chase's face was completely expressionless.

Becky looked nervously between Ben and me. "Okay, well, I'll see you guys later, hopefully. Nice cloak, by the way. It looks great on you." She gave me another quick hug and then ran off.

I yelled, "Thanks!" after her, but I doubt she heard. She was too anxious to go find her siren mentor.

I walked up to Chase, hoping when I got there that he'd give me a hug - I wasn't so sure what his deal was right now. He seemed much more serious than the last few times I'd seen him. Except for the fact that he'd said a lot of stuff today, he was pretty much back to normal. When I got close enough, so that I was standing in front of him, Chase looked down at me. "Hi," I said, nervously. "What's up?"

He grabbed me and crushed me to him for two seconds, before taking me by the shoulders and pushing me back away. "Good. Missed you."

I smiled. "Me too." I put my hands up on his arms that formed a bridge between the two of us. "A lot."

Ben cleared his throat.

Chase dropped his arms, forcing my hands to drop to my sides.

I shot Ben a cold look. "So you finally made it into the inner sanctum. Happy? Get what you wanted?"

Ben smiled at me. "Yeah. So far. Now I just have to work on the rest."

I refused to be baited, instead turning back to Chase. "So, what's this meeting going to be about?"

"Getting the fae to unite."

"Oh," I said, laughing, "is that all? Piece of cake. No problem."

"Maybe I should dust him again," said Tim in my ear.

I turned my head to the side so Chase and Ben wouldn't hear me. "Don't even think about it, Farticus."

"I'm just sayin' ... "

I cleared my throat and looked back at Chase, ignoring Ben.

"Can you stay to eat with us? We've got your favorite wiggly meats." I smiled, using my most tempting tone to try and convince him.

He shook his head. "No. Have to get back. Ben and I have to try and persuade the Dark Fae to have this meeting with the Light Fae council. Tell Dardennes I'll send a message about the time and place."

"How are you going to do that?" I asked, already feeling a little upset about him leaving, wondering when he was ever going to come and stay for good.

"Gus the wrathe will go into the Gray looking for Tony. Tell Tony to go into the Gray and meet him near the Infinity Meadow around ten tonight."

"There's an Infinity Meadow in the Gray?" I asked, not sure if I understood.

Chase cocked his head to the side. "Of course. You and Tony haven't discussed the Gray?"

I shrugged, kind of embarrassed that I knew so little about what Tony did with his talents. "No, not really."

"He'll know," was Chase's mysterious and unsatisfying answer.

I looked at Ben and he was smirking.

"What?!" I demanded, testily.

"Oh, nothing. I just wondered why Tony's hiding things from you, that's all."

I was instantly pissed off, which I'm sure was the whole point. "He's not hiding anything from me, waste of space, so back the hell off," I growled. "You're in my house right now, you know."

"Tell him, Jayne!" said Tim excitedly. If I didn't know better, I'd think my pixie friend wanted to see some sparks fly - or some elements fly - whatever. But I wasn't going to cause a scene here on my first day as a council member.

"I may be in your house, but I'm not alone. So I'd think twice about starting something you can't possibly finish."

I narrowed my eyes at him. "What's that supposed to mean?"

He shrugged at me. "Whatever you think it means."

"Well, you'd better not be suggesting you have spies in here, because if I find out you do, I'm going to feed them to Gorm." It suddenly crossed my mind that I hadn't seen him since I'd been back. I had put him in the hands of Scrum before I'd left, and Scrum was here but he wasn't escorting that buggane.

"That would be difficult since Gorm is now with us." Ben spared a glance at Chase.

I laughed. "Well then, the joke's on you, because first of all, Gorm's disgusting and is hopefully going to eat a few of you and, second, because unless you have a little short-term memory problem, Chase isn't exactly with you." I smiled as meanly as I was capable of.

Ben looked at Chase again, looking a little miffed, but then he looked back at me, returning my wicked look. "Well, I guess that makes two of us, doesn't it?"

I felt my face getting red and the link with The Green went on autopilot. My cloak started to shimmer and come alive, causing the few fae left in the room to gasp in shock.

"Jayne, power down," said Chase. "This is not the time."

I dropped my connection instantly, the hurt blossoming across my chest. "You heard what he said, Chase. It's not true. You're with me, right?" I hated how pitifully needy I sounded, but I couldn't help it. It was how I felt.

Chase stared at me for a second and then said, "I'm with you, Jayne. You and only you."

I nodded my head in relief. That was good enough for me, even though I'm not sure that I totally got what he was saying. I decided that going all girly on him and demanding some sort of explanation or commitment was the last thing that needed to happen right now, even though a small part of my heart kept urging me to do it. Damn my inner weakling!

Ben was clearly disgusted with the way this conversation was going. "Whatever. Let's go. We have some campaigning to do." He turned to leave and six ogres converged in on him. He held his hands up in surrender and backed up towards Chase.

I smiled and caught his eye when he looked back at us nervously. It felt so good to have the upper hand with him for once.

He scowled at me but said nothing. For a second I was reminded how good-looking he was ... if you went for that exotic, possibly-dangerous powerful-guy type. Not me though. I was more the all-American guy type. And that was Chase.

He leaned in quickly and gave me a kiss on the cheek, his mouth gone before I could even turn my head and try to make more of it than he intended. Damn. Foiled again. I wondered if I was ever going to see what it felt like to kiss Chase. A real kiss.

I watched as he and Ben were led away between armed guards. A witch followed behind when they reached the door, casting a spell of some sort on her way.

"What's that witch doing?" I asked Tim.

"Putting a blinding spell on them. They won't remember anything they see outside this room."

"Couldn't someone undo the spell and bring the memories back?"

"Only the original spell caster or someone in her line."

"I hope she's not one of those fae that has a sister or a spouse over there." That was definitely a big, fat hint to Tim, who had yet to come clean entirely about his own wife being in the Dark Fae compound. And we still hadn't talked about his son either. I vowed to myself that we'd talk about it tonight. After that day-long nap, I was going to have a hard time getting to sleep anyway.

Chapter 28

Tim, Finn, Scrum, Tony and I decided to kick back for a couple hours in my room until dinnertime. As we walked down the hallway, Spike and the twins caught up to us.

"Where're you guys headed?" he asked.

"To my room. What about you guys?"

Spike was all smiles. "Dunno. Want us to come with you?"

I looked at him sideways and knew right away he wanted me to say no.

"Why don't you take the twins and show them the forest a bit. I'd bet they'd love to go for a run. Or whatever it is you nutty cube-eyes do out there."

"Cube-eye?"

"Succubi, incubi ... cube-eyes."

"Ah-ha, I see. Okay, well, we cube-eyes are going out then. See you at dinner."

I kept walking, leaving them behind.

"Come on girls," said Spike, "I've got something really cool to show you." I felt the air move past me as they sped away on hyper drive, up the hallway towards one of the symbol doors.

I smiled. Spike had looked positively electrified, he was so happy. And the twins had looked pretty intrigued with Spike in general. Seemed like a match made in heaven.

"Danger in the forest tonight," said Tim, flying past me.

"Do you think so?" I asked. I still kind of wondered what cube-eyes did when they got together. Did they hunt other fae or humans? Or did they just hunt each other?

"I know so. Those guys get in a pack and ... well ... watch out. I've seen what they can do."

I shivered, a vision of my friends smiling as they came to suck the life out of me in the darkness of the trees, invading my mind. That was not something I wanted to ever have to deal with. I turned my thoughts to somewhat happier subjects. "Tony, I want to know all about the Gray. According to Chase there's an Infinity Meadow there and probably a lot of other things I'm totally clueless about."

We'd reached my door and Tony pushed it open. "Sure. Whatever you want to know."

Everyone found a spot to sit, me on my bed, Tim on his, and everyone else on the floor. Before we could begin though, a sudden movement in the corner of the room caught my eye. I almost screamed bloody murder before I realized it was just Becky appearing out of nowhere.

"Holy shit, Beck, a little warning next time! Geez!"

She smiled, nearly bouncing with happiness, "Oopsy! Sorry! I'm just so excited, I had to come right away. The loyalty test was no biggie and only took, like, two seconds. I went and saw Naida and she was so happy to see me, she actually smiled. Can you believe it?"

I shook my head. "No. I can't actually. I think you imagined it."

"No, seriously. She did. I even saw her teeth." Becky moved to go sit next to Finn, causing him to smile and redden a little, making his freckles stand out in relief.

I grimaced at the idea of Naida's teeth. I didn't want any details. My made-up visions of what I thought they'd look like were enough for nightmares. "Tony was just going to give us a primer on the Gray."

Everyone turned to look at Tony, and I could see him trying not to squirm under the attention.

"Okay, well, I guess I should say first that it's kind of a lot like here. Most of the stuff there is like a carbon copy or something. But the people or fae are missing, at least the living ones are, and there are some other things there instead."

"Other things? Like what kind of things?" asked Scrum.

"Spirits. Fae that can travel there like me or like the gray elves - although they do it differently than I do sometimes. Those kinds of things."

"You mean, like, ghosts?" asked Becky in a hushed voice.

"I guess you could call them that. Everyone who dies spends a little time there - it's kind of the space between realms. But if you're lucky, you're only there for a little while."

"Why only if you're lucky?" I asked. I thought about my mom being in there, and was so glad Tony had been there to watch out for her. The idea of my mom hanging out with ghosts didn't sit well with me.

"I'm not sure why it happens, but some of the spirits in there have been there for a while. They went in and then didn't move on. Most of them are not what you'd call happy. They sometimes ... uh ... try to get others to stay with them."

"Oh, dang, unhappy ghosts. Gives me the willies," said Finn, shivering visibly for effect.

"I'm not really explaining this right. It's not that they're unhappy. It's that they're lost. Dissatisfied. Lonely. Unlinked to anything. It's very sad, really. Sometimes I go and try to help them, if I have time."

"Does it work?" asked Scrum, reverently, "Are you like, a spirit guide or something?"

Tony shrugged. "Sometimes it works - I see them heading off somewhere with a purpose, as if they know what to do finally - other times it doesn't. They're stuck in their rut and it's what they do. Haunt the Gray, I guess you could say. That's why the place has kind of a negative feel to it. But it doesn't bother me." He looked at me and I kind of knew what he was saying, even though he didn't come right out and say it.

"So are you in there, in there, or just kind of like a ghost there too?" asked Scrum.

"Well, it depends. Sometimes I go fully in, like as myself. And other times I go in through astral projection - sending my spirit in, basically, but leaving my corporal body here in this realm."

"That's different than the gray elves," I said, remembering when Gregale, one of the gray elves, had taken me to visit Tony when he was still living in Florida.

"Yeah. They can only go in with astral projection. They can't go in fully, like me."

Before I'd met Tony, I was kind of in my own Gray. I didn't have much of a purpose, other than being angry. I didn't know where I was going or what I was supposed to be doing. I was unhappy and feeling unloved. But his friendship changed that. I guess in a way, he was my spirit guide.

He smiled at me, vibing my thoughts so I didn't have to say them out loud. But I did anyway, because I wanted everyone to know how awesome he is.

"Tony was my spirit guide. He's the reason I'm here."

Finn looked at us and nodded. "Ya'll have a special bond. Everyone can see it."

"I kinda feel that way with all of you guys," said Becky, shyly. "That's why I didn't stay over there with the Dark Fae - even though there are some super nice ones there. I'm totally serious, guys. There are. They're not bad guys like you all think."

"Ben is," I said, with absolute conviction. Nothing she said would change my mind about that.

"No, Jayne, he really, really isn't. I got to know him a lot, and he's a super nice guy. I can see why Tony and he were friends. They're a lot alike."

My mouth dropped open. "Are you sure they didn't put some weird juju on you, Becky, because I swear I just heard you say Ben is like Tony - and in my world, them's fightin' words."

Becky smiled. "You can't catch me, Jayne, so don't even try. And I'm serious. Ben is nice, helpful, always ready to offer advice if you want it. He really cares about the fae. He's dedicated to our entire species."

I snorted. "Pfft. Whatever. He has an agenda and he roped you into it. I know what I know."

"You know what you think you know. There's a difference," she said, refusing to give in.

"Becky. Do you want to stay in this room or do you want to get kicked out?"

"Stay. But with my own opinions."

Tony raised his eyebrow at her and then looked at me, waiting to see what I'd do. I almost hated that he didn't jump in and handle it for me. Becky was pushing me into a corner and it wasn't like her. It made me mad, which was too weird, because being mad at Becky was like being mad at Bambi or something.

"Fine. Have your own stupid opinion. Just don't go preaching the Ben's awesome sermon at me, 'cuz I'm not buying."

She shrugged. "Okay. Fine. But you'll see. Eventually."

I narrowed my eyes at her, but let it drop. It didn't matter anyway. I was staying as far away from Ben as possible. As far as I was concerned, our elements just didn't mix well.

I looked over at Scrum who was busy rubbing his short hair over and over, as if petting a dog, and it reminded me of Gorm.

"Hey, Scrum, what happened to Gorm? Did he escape?"

Scrum dropped his hand into his lap. "No, not exactly. He said his debt was paid. He wanted to go report back to Chase and get released so he could go back to his cave. Without you here, he didn't see any point in staying."

"So you just let a fae-eating monster wander off into the forest?"

Scrum squirmed a little, "Well, no, actually I escorted him over to the clinic where a witch mixed up a potion for him to drink, I took him to that spot where you had taken Chase before, and then I made him drink it. Then I got the heck out of there before he woke up."

"What was the potion for?" asked Tony.

"To erase his memory of his time here."

"Including the part where he liked us and agreed not to eat us?" I asked, a little annoyed.

"Um ... maybe?" Scrum started petting his head again, at a furious pace.

I rolled my eyes. "Great. Okay, so if any of you see the Chase-monster or any buggane in the forest, run like hell."

"What does a buggane look like, anyway? The only one I ever saw looked a lot like Chase," said Finn.

We all looked at each other, puzzled expressions on our faces.

"Okay, that was helpful," I said sarcastically. "Tony, you really need to get a training manual together - with pictures. Color ones."

He smiled. "I'll get right on that."

"I'm not kidding."

"She's right," said Finn. "We need, like, a fae encyclopedia so we ain't so clueless all the time. I swear, half the accidents we have are preventable."

"You're preaching to the choir, Finn," I said.

"I'd buy the book," said Scrum. "I'm going on instinct most of the time, and that's okay for protecting different fae, but for the rest of the stuff, like just living here, it would be really helpful."

"Well, I promise to meet with the gray elves about it - but I know it's not their priority right now."

"Speaking of meetings," I said, "what do you guys think about this meeting thing with the Dark Fae? Do you have anything you want me to bring up when I'm there?"

"I'm glad you asked, Jayne," said Tony. "What I'd like to know is, what exactly is this threat? Does anyone know what form it will take? When it will come? What resources we could use against it ... ?"

I held up my hand to stop him. "Tony. This is exactly why I think it should be you wearing that cloak instead of me." I glanced at the shimmering turquoise cloth hanging on a hook on the back of my door where my towel usually hangs. "I have no idea what everyone needs to know or even what to say when I'm with those guys."

"Just follow your instincts," suggested Tim. "If nothing else, they provide excellent comic relief."

"Thanks, Tim. Very helpful."

"I aim to please!"

"What'd he say?" asked Becky.

"He said he wishes he was as intelligent as I am, but that he knows he'll always have to live with the fact that along with his wee ass, he only has a wee brain."

Becky smiled first at my answer and then at Tim's obvious annoyance as he flew around the room gesticulating at me.

I ignored him and listened to Tony instead.

"No, you are the perfect choice for the honor. If you don't think to ask those questions, don't worry about it. The gray elves are always brought into the loop immediately. If you all decide that we need to cooperate with the Dark Fae, then I'll be working with their gray elves too. Together, I know we can work it out."

I shook my head. "You're a lot more positive about this 'working in cooperation' thing than I am."

Becky jumped in. "Jayne, now, I know you don't like Ben. And I know they tortured you over there ... so don't go getting all p.o.ed at me, but I have to tell you that I met some super nice Dark Fae. They weren't bad guys at all. I told them about what happened to you there and they told me they were against it. Everyone was, except for Malena and that guy Leck, of course." She leaned in and whispered the rest. "They're kind of, like, loonies, if you know what I mean."

"So they let loonies run the show. Perfect."

"No, not really. They're kind of off on the side of things. Malena is on the council, but she doesn't really get along with the others very much. Leck is her buddy. I think what happened to you was not sanctioned by the council."

"Well, Ben was there. He knew what was going on."

"Ben's not on the council. He's powerful, yes, 'cuz he's their elemental and he's got seriously wicked fire and wind skills, but he's not in charge. He has to do what they say for the most part. He can't directly stop Malena from doing what she does, but he did report her for what she did to you. And I'm pretty sure she got in trouble. And Leck did too. I don't know the details, but I heard some things."

"Whatever, Becky. You weren't there. Ben told Leck to go ahead and torture me. He was in on it."

Becky frowned and so did Tony.

"You can ask Tim. He was there too." I was getting pissed that they weren't believing me or maybe thought I was exaggerating.

"It's true!" he shouted, buzzing in front of Becky's face and then over at Tony's. He stopped at Tony's shoulder, and yelled in his ear. "Ben gave the order for Leck to melt Jayne's brain! As you can see, there were some side-effects!"

Tony half-smiled, glancing up at me to see if I was okay with Tim's wisecracks.

I just rolled my eyes. A least the little turd corroborated my story.

"Well, maybe he had his reasons," said Tony. "Hopefully, someday we'll find out what they were."

"I don't need to wait to hear his lame excuse. He wanted to get into our compound. He was totally clear and upfront about that. I don't need to know anymore."

"Well, you held out and he didn't get in. Neither did any of his friends, even though they played dirty. You showed 'em you're better'n they are, Jayne. You made us proud over there."

I nodded at Finn in thanks. "I'm just lucky Chase was there. If he hadn't been, I don't know how I would have gotten out."

"Seems kind of funny how he was able to do that, without anyone seeing," said Tony.

I shrugged. "He had plenty of time to get the lay of the land over there. Plus it was in the middle of the night. Everyone was sleeping."

"Ben let you go," said Becky softly. "He knew Chase was letting you out. He wanted it to happen."

I got mad at her. "Oh, please, Becky, give it a rest, would you? I don't know what your game is, but let it go. Ben's not our friend. He's not on our side. The sooner you realize that, the sooner you'll have your head back on straight."

Becky stood up in a huff. "You're wrong, Jayne. And I know you don't like to hear that - and I sure don't like being the one to say it - but you are. And the sooner you realize that, the sooner you'll know what the right thing to do is when you wear that shiny cloak!" And then she disappeared into thin air.

"Sonofabitch! I hate when she does that."

"What?" asked Scrum, innocently, "Tells you off or teleports?"

I grabbed the wadded up, dirty sock I'd just taken off my foot and threw it at him. It bounced off his stupid head.

"What? What'd I say?"

Finn laughed. "Dude, you are almost too clueless. Did your momma drop you on your head when you were little or somethin'?"

Scrum looked confused for second. "No. But my grandma did. I still have a flat spot on my skull from it. Wanna feel it?" He tipped his head towards Finn, giving him access in case he wanted to verify.

All of us started laughing our asses off. It was too perfectly awful to not be comical. Poor Scrum with his psycho grandma. I wish I could have met that lady so I could have slapped her silly.

"No," said a disgusted Finn, "I ain't feelin' your dang head, boy. Git yourself together."

Scrum shrugged. "There was no permanent damage. Besides ... it was just an accident."

I was holding my stomach, trying to keep the laughing pains away. I couldn't stop. I think all of the stress I'd been holding in was coming out as guffaws and snorts. Every time I thought I was going to be able to stop, I'd look at Scrum's confused face and start all over again.

It was only a knock at the door and Celine's voice that finally sobered me up.

Chapter 29

I joined Celine out in the hall, giving my friends some privacy so they could collect themselves. Tony was still laughing with a silent laugh-scream look on his face when I stepped outside the door and closed it behind me.

"Hey, Celine, what's up?"

"I just wanted to let you know that the council is meeting right before dinner, in about twenty minutes. We'd like to discuss this upcoming conference with the Dark Fae. Can you come?"

"Of course. Where?"

"Do you remember the room where we met before you went to get Tony?"

I searched my memory for the door. "The one with the symbol that has the circle and the line through it?"

"Yes. It's the phi door. Meet us there in twenty minutes, okay?"

"Okay. Twenty minutes at the pie door."

"Phi, not pie."

"Oh. Okay." Whatever that means.

I went back inside the room and saw everyone but Scrum, lying on the floor, holding their stomachs. Even Tim, except he was lying on the top of my dresser.

I smiled. "You guys look like you're in pain."

"We are," said Tony, sighing deeply. "Laughing is painful when it goes on for too long."

"Well, get up. I'm kicking everyone out but Tim. I have a meeting to go to."

Tony sat up, all of a sudden serious. "Already? I thought they wanted me to check on the meeting time at ten tonight."

"No, it's not that meeting. It's a pre-meeting, meeting."

"Can I come?" asked Tim.

"No, Tim, you can't come."

"I could hide in your hair ... "

"No, you can't hide in my hair. I can't be all sneaky with the council. It's my first day. I don't want to screw it up by engaging in pixie smuggling."

Tim grumbled a little but didn't argue. I had a feeling he was going to try and sneak in anyway. I didn't care. If he got caught it would be all on him and I could walk away clean.

As Scrum was walking out the door, the last one to leave, I grabbed his arm.

He looked at me in innocent confusion.

"I just wanted to say that I hope you know we were just messing with you today. No offense to you or your grandma or anything."

He smiled. "I know. Don't worry about it. I can take a joke. I'm used to it."

I didn't think about it - I just grabbed him in a hug and squeezed him fiercely, trying to push the sad feelings I was having for him away. As I had gotten to know him better, I'd realized what a good guy he is. To think he'd been treated like shit most of his life was really, really depressing to me right now.

"Somehow your forgiveness only makes me feel more like shit, Scrum."

"Oh, sorry," he said over my shoulder.

"Not your fault. I'm just overly emotional right now." If I didn't know better, I'd think I was PMSing, but I did know better. The only explanation for my irrational behavior was my mother's death and the narrowly-escaped demon sex. That shit was emotionally scarring.

I pulled away from him. "I just think you got a bum deal growing up, so I'm glad you're here now. You're valuable to me. To all of us."

He looked down at the ground, coloring. "You think so?"

"Yeah. I know so. Now get the hell out of my room."

He looked up and smiled at me one more time before leaving the room.

I went over and grabbed the sock I had thrown at Scrum and sat down on the edge of my bed, pulling it back on along with my moccasins.

"Are you going soft on me, Sparks, or what?" asked Tim, lying on his back on his miniature bed with his hands behind his head, staring at the ceiling.

"No. I'm just ... appreciating my friends more, I guess."

"Good. Feel free to appreciate me more too."

"I think I appreciate you as much as any person who spends every waking and sleeping moment with you possibly could."

He looked over at me, frowning. "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Well ... you snore. You fart. You pull my hair. Shall I continue?"

He sighed. "Just wait 'til you get married. You'll wish my insignificant and mostly charming little peccadillos were all you had to deal with."

"Good word," I said, impressed.

"You know it. There's more than meets the eye with this pixie."

"You aren't kidding," I said as I stood. "I'm not worthy. And by the way, speaking of being married ... we'll be talking about your wife and son tonight after dinner. Just giving you a heads up. And don't try to hide. I'll just come and find you."

Tim turned his back to me and started snoring extra loudly.

"Fake snore all you want. If I have to physically pin you down and breathe garlic breath all over you until you beg for mercy, it is going to happen."

A well-timed pixie fart was his only response.

I left the room shaking my head and wondering what the heck I'd do with myself if I didn't have him around to drive me nuts all day.

I found myself in front of the phi door in less than five minutes. I knocked three times and entered, noticing that I was the last one there ... and that everyone but me had their cloaks on.

"Where's your cloak?" demanded Red.

"Uh, in my room. Is that a problem? I thought it was only for assemblies."

Red turned away grumbling.

Celine walked over and put her hand on my arm. "I should have told you, I'm sorry. You must always wear the cloak on council business. It has ... magical properties that will keep others from being able to impersonate you or listen in on our conversations."

"Oohhhhh, okay. I can go back and get it real quick if you want."

She nodded her head. "Yes, please. We'll wait for you."

I didn't even bother to see what Red's reaction to me delaying the meeting was. I just left, running down the hallway to get back to my room.

I reached the door and was just about to open it when I heard raised voices inside. My hand froze in midair, just as it was about to make contact with the wood. I leaned in closer, putting my ear to the surface, trying to hear who it was and what they were saying. I immediately recognized Tim's agitated, high-pitched voice and another one, gravelly, with a slight growl to it. I couldn't quite put my finger on whose it was, but when I heard Tim yell, "I'm not on the menu, buggane!" I didn't hesitate. I threw the door open.

"Gorm!" I shouted. "Get away from that pixie, right this instant!"

The buggane was perched on top of my bed, his nasty, furry, dirty feet on my pillow, his lumpy, hairy arm outstretched, trying to reach a panicked Tim flying up near the ceiling. He turned to look at me, his glowing red eyes glaring out from mucousy-looking, saggy eyelids. He no longer looked anything like Chase. He looked like, well, the boogie monster from my worst nightmares.

"You said my name," he growled menacingly, temporarily forgetting about Tim.

I took a step into the room, reaching around behind the door to grab my cloak off the hook while trying to distract him with my words.

"You're damn right I did ... " I paused to send Spike the sexiest thoughts I could possibly muster with this disgusting glob of awfulness in front of me, praying he'd feel me and come a-runnin', " ... and I'm not afraid to do it, either. Gorm, Gorm, Gormagon. There. Said it three more times."

His head tilted to the side, turning to face me fully, temporarily forgetting about Tim. "Gormagon?"

"Yeah. That's your nickname. I gave it to you. Gormagon. Gormie. Gormster."

"Familiar ... "

"Yes. Gormagon. It's familiar because you and I are friends. Remember? We hung out? Ate meals together? You were pretending to be Chase? You were my daemon?" I swung the cloak over my shoulders and quickly tapped into The Green. My cloak began to glow, a turquoise sparkle-effect rising up to surround me.

Gorm took a step off the bed and onto the floor, his hand held out in front of him, as if reaching for me. "Preeeetttttyyyy."

I practically baby-talked to him. "Yes ... it's pretty ... that's right. Follow the pretty cloak, Gormagon. That's right, follow the pretty colors ... " I stepped backwards out of the room and out into the hallway. Sexy thoughts, sexy thoughts, Spike I NEED YOU!!!

Tim's voice followed me out the door. "Here I come, Jayne! Don't shut the door!"

"Okay!" I yelled, keeping my eyes locked on Gorm who was just advancing into the hallway with me, almost in a trance, still reaching for my cloak.

I felt a disturbance in the air behind me and then heard Spike saying, "What do we have here?" in a sexy voice and then, "Ew, what's that?" in an obviously disgusted tone.

Theresa's voice came next. "That ... is a buggane."

Felicia added. "A happy buggane, thankfully."

"Well," I said, stepping back towards their voices to keep Gorm from getting too close, "he's only happy right this second. A minute ago, he was trying to eat Tim."

Tim came flying out of the room and zoomed past us, down the hall.

"Chicken!" I yelled. I didn't get an answer in return - he was long gone, saving his sorry ass and leaving me behind to deal with this shit. Typical.

"So, what's the plan?" asked Spike. "What can we do?"

"Well, I'm not exactly sure." I took two more steps back. "I guess I just didn't want to die alone."

"You're not going to die," said Theresa, wryly. "Step aside, elemental. Let Felicia and me handle this bad boy."

"With pleasure," I said, letting the energy of The Green mostly fall away so my cloak would stop glowing and capturing his attention.

Gorm frowned for a second and then shook his head as if to clear it. Then his eyes narrowed at me and he said, "You tricked me. No more pretty glow. No more pixie."

Theresa and Felicia moved to stand on either side of me. "Hey there, buggane. Whacha doin'?" asked Felicia.

He looked at her, a grouchy expression on his face. "Looking for food. Gorm is hungry."

"How about some nice incubus?" she asked, "Doesn't that sound good? Mmmm, tasty incubus."

I turned around to look at Spike.

The look on his face was classic 'befuddled guy in the midst of confusing women'. "Hey! What's that supposed to mean? I'm not what's for dinner!"

"Gorm likes incubus," said the buggane.

"Follow us, buggane, we have an incubus right here for you. All you have to do is catch him first. It's fun to chase our food, isn't it buggane?"

Gorm's eyes lit up. "It is fun to chase the food first." His head was nodding slowly as he drank in the sight of Spike, now revealed to him as I had stepped to the side.

I had complete confidence in the twins and knew - or at least hoped like hell - that they wouldn't actually let anything happen to Spike.

Gorm lunged at Spike, but Spike zoomed away at incubus warp speed to a spot about ten feet farther down the hall.

Spike laughed nervously and said, "Ha, ha, missed me. Try and catch me now."

The twins nodded at him, huge grins on their faces. I realized at that moment that I was witnessing some kind of sick cube-eye game, but I didn't care. So long as they kept Gorm from eating anyone and contained him until we could get rid of him, it was fine with me. I couldn't imagine they'd actually try to hurt him by sucking out his energy - something told me it would taste disgusting.

"Get him to that room he was locked in before!" I yelled down the hall.

Felicia waved at me, as they rounded a corner out of sight.

I sighed deeply, turning to go back to the phi room. At least now I have something of note to add to the meeting's agenda - mad, hungry buggane on the loose in the hallways. Life is never dull at the Light Fae compound.

Chapter 30

I got back to the phi room in record time, cloak on and only slightly glowing. My mind was having a hard time letting The Green go, knowing that a hungry boogieman was somewhere in the compound.

I knocked the requisite three times and entered, finding a seat as quickly as possible. Everyone was already sitting down, and once I was too, Dardennes began speaking.

"Thank you everyone for coming. I will keep this short. I just wanted to get your thoughts on this upcoming meeting with the Dark Fae."

I raised my hand.

Dardennes stopped talking and raised an eyebrow. I took that to mean I was allowed to proceed. I didn't know what the protocol was, so I stood up by my seat, having to scramble somewhat ungracefully to grab my chair to keep it from falling backwards, since I was a little too eager about getting on my feet.

"Before I answer that question, I just wanted to mention that there's a rogue buggane roaming the halls near the changeling rooms, but the cube-eyes have it in hand and will be locking him back up in that dungeon if all goes as planned." I sat back down and folded my hands on the table in front of me, focusing all of my attention on Dardennes, and ignoring the looks of the others at the table.

Dardennes' mouth opened but nothing came out. He looked like a fish out of water trying to find air for a second before he was finally able to speak. "You said ... a buggane ... cube-eyes? I'm sorry, but could you repeat that for me? I don't think I understood you correctly."

I took a deep breath and stood again. "Okay. What I said was, there is a buggane in the compound. He was in my room when I went back to get my cloak, and he was trying to eat my roommate, Tim the pixie. So I called the cube-eyes - that's what I call the group of succubi and incubi that are here - and they came to rescue me. They're luring him down the hallways and into that room where you had locked him up before." I looked around at the faces at the table, most of which I'd at least seen before, but only a couple I knew. I saw dawning comprehension on most of them. Figuring I was done with explanations, I sat back down.

Red spoke up. "You encountered a buggane here? In our compound?" He looked suspicious. "And you dealt with him in the short period of time you were gone?"

"Yes. But now the cube-eyes have taken over. They're playing chase-the-dinner with him."

"Chase the dinner?" asked Niles. "What is that? A game? I have not heard of it."

"It's something the bugganes do. Maybe the cube-eyes do it too. They like to chase their food before they eat it, I guess. So Spike, the incubus, he's the dinner and he's running and the buggane is chasing him while the twin succubi are egging the buggane on."

Niles' upper lip curled in distaste.

I suddenly remembered the poor dwarf that had been roasting on the spit over the orc's bar-b-que pit a few months back and immediately felt bad. It must suck to be so little and only have an axe to fight off boogie monsters. I'd bet lots of his friends had played chase-the-dinner and lost. "Sorry, Niles."

He frowned at me. "Don't apologize to me! I don't need your pity!"

I sat back quickly, shocked into silence. I had no idea he was so sensitive. But he'd just told me not to apologize, so I didn't know what to say next. Instead I just sat there, determined that watching and listening was better plan for me right now.

Dardennes cleared his throat. "Well, I am glad to hear you worked it out; nevertheless, I would like Ivar and some of his ogres to go ensure all is well. Niles, would you mind taking care of that? We will certainly wait for you to return before we begin."

Niles jumped off of his seat and left the room to do Dardennes' bidding.

I took the time during our brief hiatus to look at the fae around the table with me. Dardennes and Celine were there of course, near the far end of the table to my right; Red was next to them, and Niles' chair next to Red's was empty. The werewolf man who I'd seen the first time during my changeling test was sitting next to me on my left. I was relieved to see he was fully clothed and man-like instead of wolf-like. That hadn't been the case the day we'd met. I gave him a small smile and a nod. He returned the gesture, but said nothing.

Naida the siren was at the other end of the table, opposite the silver elves, not speaking to anyone and gazing out into nothingness. I wasn't even sure she was fully here. Who knows? Maybe those sirens had figured out how to be in two places at once.

Next to her was an old lady wearing the tunic of a witch under her cloak. I'd seen her in the hallways before and at dinner a few times. She muttered to herself a lot. I always wondered if she was a little loony or busy casting spells. Either way, I steered clear of her. She caught my eye but didn't respond to my current surveillance of her person. She just started whispering to herself, and I tried not to be creeped out about it.

There was one seat open between Celeste and Red, which I assumed belonged to Jared. He had been gone for weeks. I'd heard through Scrum that he was coming back any day. I looked forward to having another fae under the age of five hundred at future council meetings with me. I felt totally out of my league in here. I couldn't tell what the criteria were to be on this council. It obviously wasn't an age thing, since I was practically an embryo compared to these old coots. And it wasn't a race representative thing, since there were two silver elves but no gray or green elves. Maybe someday I'd get up the nerve to ask what had earned me this pretty cloak. I hated to think it was the Mother thing. I still wasn't sure they were right about it or that I wanted it to be true. Sure, I wanted to be awesome - who didn't? But I wanted to be good at being awesome, not to suck at it.

Niles came back in the room, interrupting my thoughts.

Dardennes got right down to business. "Thank you, Niles. Now, to begin. We have our meeting with the Dark Fae tomorrow. I expect it will be in the morning. Please be prepared for the summoning. Wear your cloaks, of course." He looked directly at me, and my face turned beet red. "Celeste, Red, I would like you to speak with your colleagues and see to it that we have adequate spell security around the perimeter of the meadow and of course on our path to and from."

Red and the old lady in the witch tunic and robe, Celeste apparently, nodded their heads. Celeste started writing invisible letters in the air in front of her with her finger. I was willing to bet Tim's underwear she was taking invisible notes to read later. It was like a witchy iPad or something.

"I will ensure the ogres are there for us." Then he looked at me. "Jayne, we'd like you to be connected with your elements when we arrive. Not as a show of power, but as a protection for you. I don't imagine you'll need it, but just in case."

"Do you think that's wise?" asked the werewolf-man. "She has lost control before."

I frowned at him but could hardly say anything. He was right, even if he was rude to bring it up so publicly.

"We believe this small use of power is something she can manage, as she has proven herself capable on many occasions."

I didn't know whether to be proud or ashamed at this point, so I just looked at the table, wringing my hands underneath it where no one could see.

"And what should our mission be, for this meeting?" asked Niles.

"My thoughts are that we should attend with the purpose of listening to what Chase and the Dark Fae council has to say, while being wary of any attempts to gain access to the compound or to harm our people. To be honest, I'm not really sure what to do other than this. The effort on the part of a changeling to bring us together is unexpected. There is no precedent for it."

I started to squirm in my chair a little. I knew more than they did and I felt like I should tell them everything, but on the other hand, I didn't want to give Chase's story away if it was a secret.

Celeste spoke up in a scratchy old lady voice. "Perhaps the changeling at our table has some insight she'd like to share." She fixed me with her beady eyes and it felt like she was seeing right through me.

"Jayne, do you have anything to add?" asked Celine kindly.

I looked around at the faces staring back at me. None of them looked angry, suspicious, or anything but hopeful. Chase was my friend, but these people were part of my family. I knew that Chase was too, but in a different way. Maybe he was going to come back. Maybe he wasn't. He'd always be special to me, but if he chose to stay with the Dark Fae or disappear forever into another realm, I was going to be left with these fae sitting around this table. I had to choose my loyalties and hope for the best. And my loyalties lay with those who would be there to protect my friends and all the fae in this compound, when, and if, the shit ever hit the fan.

"Chase is not a changeling."

Everyone's face, save Dardennes' and Celine's, went from open to confused to suspicious in a matter of seconds.

I hurried to explain. "He's from the Overworld - or at least that's what he says. I don't know any of the details really. He was a teenager in Miami with me, just like the rest of us Jared found; I mean, Chase was always a little different, but that's just how his personality is. And up until he got pixied by Tim, he acted normal. But after that incident, and after he went to the Dark Fae compound, he told me that he was not of this realm ... and that he was here to warn the fae about an uprising coming from the Underworld."

"I knew it!" yelled Niles, banging his fist on the table. "I told you those orcs were no random event!"

"When is Jared returning? I'd like to hear what he thinks about this," said the werewolf-man.

"He should be here later tonight or tomorrow morning if all goes as planned," said Dardennes.

I was curious to hear what Jared had to say also. I wondered how Chase could have duped him along with everyone else, if duped is what we all were. I still wasn't sure how much of what Chase said was true and how much of it could be attributed to the side effects of being on the wrong end of Tim's pixie dust.

"Jayne, did you get the impression that he was ... fully in control of his faculties?" asked Celine gently. "Being pixilated can cause many strange things to happen to one's mind."

"I'm no medical expert, but other than a few inappropriate fits of laughter, he seemed lucid. And I can tell you that there have been several orc sightings, which I understand isn't a good sign. Plus there was that demon at my mom's house."

"No, the changeling is right. Seeing the orcs is not a good sign. My brethren and I have smelled their scent in the forest in many places, but were unable to locate the source. If we continue to sense them, a breach is certain," said the werewolf-man.

"I agree. Jayne is right. The demon in her mother's home was very clear. And, I'm afraid to say, I recognized him." Celine dropped her head, as if in shame.

"What?" Dardennes was obviously surprised to hear this. "Celine! You didn't say anything before."

"I know. I am sorry about that. It was all just so ... unexpected. And I didn't really see the point. It does not change the fact that he was a demon from the Underworld, there with the express intent to take Jayne and use her to bring a child of demon blood into the world."

"Well? Who is he?" asked Red. "Don't keep us in suspense any longer," he said sarcastically.

"His name, when he was fae, was Torrie. I don't know how many of you knew him. When he was with us, he was a silver elf as well. Torrence." She looked around the room. "Was he known to any of you?"

"I knew of him," said Niles. "Headstrong ... brutal ... if I remember correctly."

Celine nodded. "Yes. That is an accurate description of Torrie. He was very much enamored of my sister. But she had ... other interests." Celine looked meaningfully at Dardennes and then dropped her gaze.

"Yes. I knew Torrie too. We were not friendly," said Dardennes.

"One is not normally friendly with the competitor for his lover's attention," said the wise werewolf-man.

I looked at him and leaned over, whispering, "I guess you knew him too."

He whispered back, "His reputation was well-known. It was not necessary to know him personally."

I sat back up and looked at Dardennes again. He was lost in thought. I could imagine what that love triangle must have been like - Celine's sister Malena, Dardennes, and Torrie, the beast. Oy. Malena sure knew how to get the boys' blood stirring. Now Torrie was a demon in the Underworld, Dardennes had been kicked out of the Dark Fae for refusing to follow Malena's and her council's plans, and Celine was the sad sister in the middle, jilted by the Torrie who had probably never noticed her once her brass-balled sister came along. Poor Celine. I felt sorry for her. I wondered if she'd ever had a boyfriend or husband or anything. Was it possible to live for over a thousand years and never find love? Geez, I hoped not.

"So. We have a possible Underworld uprising. A War of the Fae. Overworld creatures masquerading as changelings. And a buggane haunting our hallways. Do I have everything correct?" asked Red.

I had to give the guy credit - at least he was willing to cut to the chase and get shit done. Without him, we'd probably be here all night, and I was starting to get hungry.

Heads nodded around the table.

"Well then," said Dardennes, "I suggest we attend the meeting tomorrow with the goal of at least calling a temporary truce in our quarrel with the Dark Fae and seeing what we can do to quell the uprising coming from the other realm."

"Might I suggest that we also include quelling any uprisings from the Overworld as well?" said Celeste. "Chase may mean well, but we don't need his kind here any more than we need Torrie's."

I was instantly pissed off, but soon realized I was the only one.

"Absolutely," said Dardennes. "The realms must remain separate. Once there is a breach in the boundaries between worlds, it means trouble for all of them. We cannot permit it."

I burst out with, "But that means Chase will have to leave!"

"And? Your point is?" asked Red, a fierce look on his face.

"That it's not right! He belongs here. With me. With us. He's my daemon," I finished weakly.

"He is not your daemon. He is not fae. He has already admitted that to you," responded Red. The others around the table nodded in agreement.

"Well he's trying to help us ... "

"Admirable. But it does not change the simple fact that he does not belong here," said Red, standing. "I move to adjourn this meeting."

"Seconded," said Celeste also standing, but slower and more carefully; I don't think she was making a statement - more like trying not to break one of her hips or something. It struck me out of the blue that she looked as old as Maggie. I wondered what the old witch was up to at that moment, as I was sitting here being asked to vote on a truce with the Dark Fae. She was probably watching it in a crystal ball and laughing her wrinkly old ass off.

"All in favor?" asked Dardennes.

The 'ayes' rang out from around the table, everyone but me joining in. I wasn't done yet.

"But ... "

"The meeting is over," said the were-wolf man next to me, touching my arm gently. "Dinner is being served."

I looked at them in disgust. None of them were meeting my eyes.

Well, they might not care about the sacrifices Chase had made, but I did. I left the room in a huff. I was hungry and now I was cranky too. I stormed down the hallway towards the dining room, trying to think of ways I could get Chase to stay here permanently. There had to be a way to do it; I just had to figure it out. Maybe Tony would have some ideas. I placated myself with the wisdom of the gray elves, who I was certain would be able to come up with a solution that would work for all of us.

Chapter 31

My dinner tasted like cardboard, and I wasn't in the mood for the casual conversation that was being batted around the table. Even Tim's antics with a raspberry didn't do it for me, and that's saying something. He loved popping all the tiny, juicy bulbs with his knife and dancing out of the way of the bright red squirts that looked disturbingly like fresh blood.

Tony touched my arm. "What's wrong, Jayne? Can I help?"

"Only if you can figure out a way to get the old farts on the council to let Chase stay here."

"What do you mean? He's not here now, is he?"

"No, he's not here in the compound, but he's here on this planet."

Becky overheard me talking and joined in. "You mean, they don't want him on this planet anymore? What are they going to do? Execute him?" Her face had gone pale at the thought.

"I have no idea what they plan to do. Only that they said if he's not from here, he can't stay here."

"We're not from here and they ain't kickin' us out," said Finn.

"I mean this realm, not this planet. Chase is from the Overworld. He admitted it to Becky and me. And now the council knows because of my big fat mouth, and they said no creatures from either of the Otherworlds can be here with us in the Here and Now."

"That sucks," said Becky, looking down at her plate. "I know you like him."

"Whatever. The council isn't in charge of me. I'm going to figure out a way to keep him here."

Becky said softly. "But what if he doesn't want to stay?"

I dropped my fork on my plate. "What's that supposed to mean?" I was instantly pissed.

She shrugged, still not lifting her eyes from her plate. "Well, I guess I mean that if he's not from here, maybe he would want to go home, where he belongs ... after all this is over."

My heart was hurting just thinking about it. I stood, suddenly no longer interested in my food or the companionship of my friends. "Whatever. He can go if he wants. But if he wants to stay, I'll find a way to make it happen." I threw my napkin down on the table. "I'm going to bed. It's been a hell of a long day."

Tim buzzed up from the table to go with me. "Me too! Later, taters!" He waved at the group as he flew backwards.

I walked away, not saying goodbye to anyone. I didn't even bother to look at them as I left the room. I was too mad and sad and feeling totally alone; and I'd always said it was better to feel lonely alone than to feel lonely with someone.

When I was back in the room and dressed for bed, a knock came at the door. I wasn't surprised to see Tony standing there in the hallway when I answered it. I stepped back, pulling the door open all the way, letting him know he could come in.

"Shut the door behind you," I said, getting into bed and under the covers. I wasn't in the mood to hang out.

"I won't stay long. I can see you're tired and feeling out of sorts. I just wanted to say that I will support you, Jayne, whatever you decide to do."

I smiled weakly. "Thanks, Tones. That means a lot."

"I just want you to promise me something."

I narrowed my eyes at him. "This sounds like conditional love to me."

He sat down on the edge of my bed, bending over to lean his forearms on his thighs, clasping his hands together loosely. "It's not. My purpose is always to make sure you're happy and that you're doing the right thing for yourself. So I just want you to promise me that if things don't go the way you want them to, that you'll at least try to be open minded about them. That's all."

"So you're on Becky's side is what you're saying." I tried to turn over to face away from him, but he was sitting on the covers making them too tight. I was trapped in my current position, but I refused to look at him. I stared at the ceiling instead.

"No. I'm not. I'm on your side, even if what you want to do isn't what you should do. Just ... I don't know ... make sure you do the right thing, not just the short-term, selfish thing."

"Selfish?! Now you're calling me selfish?!" I looked at him with all the anger I had balled up inside me now. And it was a lot.

"No! That's not what I meant!" He ran his hands through his hair and scrubbed his face a few times. "I'm not saying it right. What I mean is, literally, if Chase says he has to go, you need to let him. Okay? There. I said it."

I huffed out a short burst of frustrated air. "Well, he won't. So you don't need to worry about it."

"Okay, fine then. I won't worry." Tony patted my shoulder and tried to smile the bad vibes away. "Sleep tight. I'll see you in the morning for breakfast."

"Whatever."

Tony sighed as he stood up. "Don't do that, Jayne. Please?"

I refused to look at him. "Just go."

Tony left the room without saying anything else and I battled like hell with myself not to cry.

Tim's voice came to me from across the room. "Don't worry, Jayne. Everything's going to be okay."

"I know," I said, totally exhausted from thinking and worrying about all the things that were out of my control. "I guess you got lucky tonight."

"How so?"

"I'm too tired and pissed off to talk to you about your wife and son."

"Oh, that's too bad. Because I was all ready to do it too."

I lifted my head up off the pillow a little to look at him. "You were?"

"No."

"Oh." I tried to picture what his son would look like. "I'll bet he's cute. Your son, I mean."

"How could he not be?" said Tim.

"Seriously. Unless, of course, he has that ... thing you have."

"What thing?" he asked, suspicion lacing his voice.

"You know ... the ... thing thing ... "

"No, Jayne. I don't know the thing thing. Enlighten me."

"No, it wouldn't be ... never mind. Forget I said anything."

I rolled over on my side, facing the wall, a huge grin on my face. I could almost hear the frustration rolling around in Tim's head. It was totally cheering me up.

"Just when I thought you couldn't possibly stoop any lower, you bring up a guy's failings. Didn't anyone ever tell you how fragile a pixie's ego is?"

"What failing are you talking about?"

"The same one you are, obviously. My voice. How it goes all high-pitched sometimes when I'm excited. I can't help that, you know. I was born that way."

"Oh. I never noticed that problem. I was talking about something else." I pressed my knuckles into my mouth to keep the laughter at bay. My eyes were watering now with the withheld glee. I could practically feel the dopamine churning out of my brain and into my veins. Thank the heavens for pixies.

"What are you saying? Jayne, you have to tell me. What is it? Is it my breath? My hair? Is my butt too big? No, it's my shoulders, isn't it? Too narrow. I knew it. I knew they weren't broad enough. My cousin, now he has broad shoulders. He can swim faster than any pixie I've ever seen. Me? No way. Slow enough to be eaten by a guppy. It's sad. I know. My poor son. Poor kid. What have I done?" he moaned.

"Tim, chill. I was only kidding. You have no faults. You're absolutely perfect. The handsomest, hottest pixie I've ever seen."

Tim was completely silent for a few moments. I thought he had fallen asleep, but then he said, "You know, Jayne, payback can be a real bitch sometimes."

I smiled but said nothing, fake-snoring as loudly as I could. I kept it up until my nasal passages were too dried out to continue. I fell asleep shortly thereafter, praying Tim would save his payback for sometime tomorrow after the meeting.

Chapter 32

The day of the meeting dawned, sunny and beautiful. The totally tasteless eggs I had eaten earlier for breakfast sat like a brick in my nervous stomach. I walked with the other council members to our designated meeting point down the enchanted path, spelled by our witches to insure our safety.

Tony and Gus had arranged for us to meet in the Infinity Meadow, under my mother's tree. I had my cloak on, and it shimmered with the energy of The Green; I concentrated on not letting the power get away from me, while at the same time worrying about whether I was going to be okay seeing Chase again, the guy who everyone kept saying was not going to be sticking around. The thought made me feel like vomiting all over the forest floor. I wiped with my sleeve at the sweaty flush that was creeping up my face.

We arrived at the tree, its beautiful canopy spreading out over our heads. The Dark Fae council was already there waiting for us. They all wore cloaks too, and I saw immediately that Ben was one of them. I guess he'd gotten a promotion. Surprisingly, Leck, my former torturer, was not. I had assumed he was someone in charge over there.

Ben's cloak was nearly black, with hints of red and deep blue flashing out from time to time. I realized that he, too, was connected to his elements right now. The edges of his cloak moved with the slight breeze he brought, and I could see the fire barely contained in the colors. He nodded his head at me as I arrived, but I ignored him. I devoted all of my attention to Chase, especially when I saw him standing next to Malena. I tried not to be too annoyed at how close she was to him, but the jealous, insecure part of me wanted to go over and scratch her eyes out. I knew this particular attack plan was probably not a good idea at the inaugural and hopefully auspicious meeting of the two fae councils though, so I clamped down on my baser instincts and just took a deep breath instead. Maturity sucks.

Malena was the first to speak. "Hello, council members. We bring you greetings from the Dark Fae community."

Dardennes spoke for all of us. "Thank you. And we bring you greetings from the Light Fae community."

Everyone turned to Chase, anxious to get down to business and probably worried this was some sort of underhanded trick planned by the other side. I stole glances at Ben and saw that he was looking at me and my cloak. I turned back to Chase, not happy that Ben had caught me checking him out. I had to admit, his cloak was impressive. It fit him and his elements perfectly. I wondered if he'd always been on the council or if his was a recent appointment like mine was. I thought I remembered Becky telling me he wasn't on it.

"Thank you for coming," said Chase. "I wish it was under better circumstances." He paused for a moment and then said in an almost majestic voice, "I bring you greetings from the Overworld."

The muttering began almost immediately. I could tell it was a mixture of surprise and doubt, if I was reading facial expressions correctly.

"Who are you, to be representing another realm?" asked one of the Dark Fae - a witch by the looks of his tunic.

"I am known here as Chase. In the Overworld I go by the same name. I am an angel of the Second Order, Silver House. I have been sent to assist the fae in sealing their realm against invasion from the Otherworlds."

"What invasion? You're the only invader who's proclaimed himself," said one of the Dark Fae.

"Not true. You may confer with Ben. He has seen the demon, Torrie."

Eyes on the Dark Fae council turned to Ben; and oh boy, was I glad I had already fessed up about Chase and the demon to my group. A few of the Light Fae council members stole glances at me, giving me looks that said I had chosen well. I breathed a sigh of relief over the fact that I hadn't done something wrong by Chase in sharing his secrets.

"It's true," said Ben. "Jayne and I sent a demon back to the Underworld when we were recently in Florida together. But I believe he will be back."

It was interesting to me that he hadn't already informed them about the demon. But the fact that he didn't elaborate now, and tell them about my near-miss demon baby impregnation, was even more intriguing. I couldn't decide if he was just sticking to the relevant facts, or actually trying to protect me. I was disturbed that my brain was leaning towards the latter choice. I was way more comfortable with Ben being on the bad guy list than the hero list.

"How are these demons getting in?" asked Red. "And the orcs? Are they coming from the same place? Or do we have to shore up several breaches?"

Tony and the other gray elves would have been proud of old Red. He was asking all the right questions as far as I was concerned.

"That is for you to discover. I am not privy to all of the facts. I only know that without working together, you will fail; and failure cannot be an option. Not only will you all find your entire species at risk, you will also see how quickly the humans fall."

"We need the humans," said a green elf on the Dark Fae side. "But how are we supposed to protect them and ourselves at the same time? We don't have the numbers for that."

"Together, Light and Dark fae have everything they need," said Chase. "Apart, they do not."

"I don't believe you," said Malena, turning to face him with anger in her eyes. "You are connected to their elemental. This is just an elaborate ruse to force the Light Fae agenda on our people!"

"You're the one forcing agendas!" I yelled, unable to control myself. "And kidnapping fae! And torturing them!"

She turned her anger on me, whipping around and breathing heavily. "You!" she screamed, "have no right to be here, changeling!" The wind rose up suddenly, swirling fallen leaves and dried blades of grass around.

Several fae on both sides backed up, dread in their eyes. I could see that even her own people feared her. Or maybe it was just her tantrums they didn't like.

I pulled The Green into me more fully, drawing Water from the nearby air. The colors of my cloak began to swirl in earnest, turquoise sparkles rising to surround me.

Off to Malena's left was Ben, his cloak coming alive as well. He wasn't looking at me though, he was looking at her.

Malena raised her arms up slowly, getting ready to launch some sort of assault against me when Chase's angry voice slammed into all of us, dispelling the negative emotions that had begun to build.

"ENOUGH!"

And then the most amazing apparition appeared where Chase was standing, and I dropped my connection to Earth and Water like they were a couple of hot potatoes. I was suddenly in the presence of a beauty so great, and so unimaginable, I became partially detached from reality. I felt like I was floating in a never place, a space in this dimension that didn't really exist.

Chase stood in front of us, a foot taller, with a huge set of white wings spread out behind his back. They were so big, and stretched so far, they seemed almost as majestic and imposing as the tree he stood beneath.

Gasps of surprise and awe burst forth from everyone there, me included. The pictures I'd seen of angels and descriptions I'd read of them in books didn't do this miracle I was looking at one bit of justice. They hadn't even come close. I almost cried with the simple beauty of it. It was in this moment that I began to believe it was possible Chase would not be staying in the Here and Now with me when this was all over. He was simply too miraculous for this world.

Nobody said a word. Chase stayed frozen in place, displeasure clearly displayed on his face for nearly ten seconds at least, before he carefully drew in his wings to rest behind him. I could hear the feathers brushing up against one another, some of them making flipping noises, belying their sturdiness. His wings didn't disappear completely, but they seemed a lot less intimidating when they were all folded up. Now, at least, we could all breathe.

I looked around and saw that everyone but me seemed okay again - not ready to start world war three. Maybe they were all jazzed about seeing a real, live angel - but all I could think about now was how I was going to have one hell of a time figuring out a way to convince anyone he should be permitted to stay. Even I could see with this brief display of otherworldliness that he didn't belong here. He was something or someone so different from any of us - why would he even want to stay? A dark melancholy settled itself across my shoulders. I looked at the ground, hoping that denying myself his beauty would make it easier not to cry.

"Do not argue anymore in my presence. It defeats your purposes here and you do not have the luxury of time to indulge in your petty jealousies."

When did Chase get so damn intelligent and old-sounding? I looked up at him again and saw the most serious look on his face I'd ever seen there. I started to feel like I had fallen in love or lust, or whatever it was, with my father for shit's sake. This thing, this crush I had on the coolest guy in the world ... no angel, was going to hell in a hand basket, as my grandma used to say.

"I believe we can agree to work with the Dark Fae towards this common goal and put aside our differences for as long as it takes," said Dardennes.

"So can we," said Ben.

Chase responded, his voice stern and deep. "It will not be enough that you merely agree to work together. You need tighter bonds than simple agreements and well-intentioned promises. Your families have been apart for too long. It is time to end this feud between your races and live as one again."

We all looked at each other. I leaned in towards the werewolf-man standing next to me and whispered, "What's he getting at?"

He shrugged back at me, just as lost as I was.

"You must officially unite your houses. Light to Dark and Dark to Light. It shall begin with the Mother and the Father. Jayne and Ben! Step forward!"

Chapter 33

My eyeballs nearly fell out of my skull. Everyone's head turned two times - once towards Ben and then once again towards me.

I took two faltering steps backwards towards the path. "What the f**k are you talking about, Chase?" I felt like I'd landed in an episode of one of those bizarre black and white Twilight Zone episodes that were on the sci-fi channel at weird hours of the night.

"Chase ... " said Ben, confused, "I don't understand what you're saying."

Looking at Ben's expression, I could tell he wasn't in on this; he was as in the dark and clueless as I was. It made me feel a tiny bit better, but that small measure of joy disappeared when Chase began talking again.

"The only way the fae will continue in the Here and Now without becoming extinct is by moving to Oneness again. What was done five thousand years ago to drive you apart must be undone to bring you together. The Mother and the Father will unite to bring the magic back to your people; to connect you once more to the power that is in the elements when they exist as one whole, working in synchronicity."

Chase paused, looking at me and then at Ben. His wings unfolded again, slowly, ever so slowly, until they were fully extended - so radiant and white they appeared to glow. "Jayne and Ben, step forward and be bound."

I took one more look at the impossibly beautiful Chase, who was breaking my heart by telling me, in front of the twenty most influential fae on Earth, that he didn't want me.

I saw all the fae standing around and acting like it was acceptable for me to follow the orders of a possibly crazed angel.

I looked over at Ben, standing there looking like a little boy who'd just had his favorite toy taken away.

And I ran.

Chapter 34

I ran as fast as my feet would take me. For a moment, I could feel it; I knew what it was like, finally, to run like Spike and the twins. I was practically teleporting like Becky. I was racing in the wind like a mindseye arrow shot by my friend Finn. I could do all these magical things now ... but I couldn't muster the loyalty and steadfastness of Tony and Scrum, to sacrifice everything I knew, everything I was, for these fae. I just couldn't.

I ran blindly, not knowing where I was headed or when I would get there. But I realized I had arrived at my destination when I found myself, out of breath, at the base of the tree called the Ancient One. I was standing in front of the door to Maggie's place. Maggie ... the witch who I'd locked inside her house not that long ago, to escape another mess I'd gotten myself into. Oh, how I wished this current predicament were of the same caliber. But oh, no. This one was so much bigger, it was almost funny. I would have laughed if my heart hadn't been so thoroughly broken.

"Who's there!" came Maggie's cranky, scratchy voice from inside. "Who's standing outside my door, breathing like a warthog in heat?!"

"It's me," I said, sinking down to the ground. "Jayne. Please come out and zap me with everything you've got. Put me out of my misery."

I fell backwards to the forest floor, opening my eyes to look up at the canopy of trees above me. It was dominated by the branches and leaves of the Ancient One - the biggest tree I'd ever seen in my life ... the tree I'd communed with once, and then forever after had sensed the presence and power of in my link with The Green. I could feel it now, its energy humming below the surface of the earth I lay on; and I knew it could feel me too.

The door opened slowly, creaking loudly as it went. Maggie's grizzled face appeared along with her mess of sparse, scraggly, gray hair. She had one of her rats in her hand. It was huge and dirty-looking.

"You. Girl. You locked me in my house."

"Yeah. I know." I sighed. "I'm sorry about that. I was just trying to give my friends time to get away so you wouldn't turn them into toads."

"Truth! Partially the truth, anyway."

Maggie's lie detecting talents were working, apparently.

"Okay, I also did it just to piss you off."

"There we have it. The entire truth. Good for you."

I turned my head towards her, my hair rubbing in the dead leaves beneath. "You're not mad?"

She shrugged, coming more fully out of her house. "Not anymore."

"Well, feel free to get mad at me now. Maybe you want to cast a spell on me. Make me like Sleeping Beauty or something so I can sleep for the next hundred years and skip this part."

"What? And let you miss all the fun? Ha!" she barked out.

I snorted in half-anger and half-sadness. "Fun? You've gotta be f**king kidding me. I don't call an arranged ... binding ... fun. No. No way. I call it ... positively medieval."

Maggie came over, slowly and painfully bending down until she had lowered herself into a sitting position next to me. After she had arranged herself and caught her breath, she said, "You have been called."

I looked at her with a frown. I didn't know if we were talking about the same thing.

She repeated, "You have been called to a binding ceremony, yes?"

"Oh. Yeah. Yes, I've been called. I guess." I looked back up at the tree above me, trying to find some solace there, staring into the complex patterns of leaves overlapping other leaves with little pricks of sunshine peaking between them.

"And what is the problem?"

I turned my head to face her. "Are you seriously asking me that? ... What is the problem?"

She shrugged but said nothing.

I got mad at them all over again. And her for acting like it was totally reasonable when it wasn't. "I'll tell you what the problem is. The problem is, I am not interested in being bound to anyone, but most particularly to Ben. Ben is a bad guy. Ben is a bad person. Ben is the last fae on this friggin planet that I would choose to be bound to. I'd rather be bound to a buggane for shit's sake."

Maggie held up a finger, waving it slowly back and forth at me. "Ah, ah, ahhhh, be careful what you say. I have a very wicked sense of humor, or so I've been told." She smiled at me and I swear to all that is holy I saw something flicker at me in there that did not look good at all. She leaned in closer to me and whispered softly, "Liiiiie ... "

I swallowed hard, and looked back at the sky, my face now a few shades paler. "Okay fine. I wouldn't rather be with a buggane. But it's true I don't want to be with Ben."

"We do not always choose our destinies. Or if we do, we forget our choices made before coming to this realm and must realize the rightness of them later - after the pain has been suffered."

"That means nothing to me, Maggie. I started this life as a human. My destiny was either to become the lawyer my dad wanted or the homeless person my parents feared I would be come. Or maybe prostitute or something. I don't know. But being a fae was never part of the original plan. I'm flying by the seat of my pants here."

"No. You are incorrect!" she shouted, a couple specks of spittle flying out of her mouth.

I jumped in fright, not expecting such a strong reaction. I slowly sat up, pulling leaves and twigs from my hair without even really thinking about it.

"Maggie ... why do you think you know so much about me? And why aren't you zapping me right now when I know I deserve it for messing around with you before?"

She smiled at me, showing off her few remaining rotted teeth, cocking her head to the side so she could see me better out of her one good and unclouded eye. "Because. It would not do, for me to zap my own granddaughter, now would it?"

My world started to spin and go black around the edges. I fell back into the leaves again, fighting the waves of dizziness and then nausea that threatened to overtake me. I gag-coughed a few times, trying to get my breathing back on track and my heart back to a normal rhythm. Gasping for air, I said, "Holy shit, Maggie, for a second there I thought you said I was your granddaughter." I looked over with my watering eyes, in time to see her shrug her shoulders.

"I can see you are happy about the prospects. Good. I am too. You are a noble girl, if a bit rough around the edges."

"Me? Rough around the edges? If that's not the pot calling the kettle black ... " I sighed at the utter ridiculousness of it all, "Anyway, Maggie, I appreciate your sick sense of humor, believe me, I do. But you're like a thousand years old or probably more. There's no way you could be my grandmother."

"There are some generations between us, to be sure. But you are of my line, there is no doubt about that. You and another young lady you know, quite well I think. You wield The Dark of Blackthorn, just as my other granddaughters did before you, just as yours will after you are gone. It is your destiny."

"What? What girl? Becky?"

Maggie said nothing; she just stared at me, shaking her head no.

I sat up slowly and looked down at the dragon tooth that was in the sheath on my leg, under my now very wrinkled and messy cloak. I threw the edge of the turquoise cloth aside so I could pull the weapon out. I ran my fingers along the edge of it, still feeling the thrill of knowing it was a powerful relic from a long-ago place and time. I slid it back into its holder and returned my attention to the haggie old crone in front of me.

"If it's not Becky, then I have no idea who you're talking about. She's the only girl around here I know. Other than the twins and Celine ... or Celeste ... "

She shook her head again.

"There is no one else."

She shrugged her shoulders.

"So what does all this mean, Grandma?"

"It's Maggie! Do not call me that. It makes me feel old."

I coughed really loud and long to camouflage the laugh that burst out of me.

Maggie narrowed her eyes at me. "Speak."

"Okay fine," I said, my eyes sparkling with barely contained mirth, "I hate to be the one to break this to you - but Maggie, you're old as dirt. And not much prettier." I bit my lower lip and raised my eyebrows up, wondering if I'd been successful in pissing her off enough to earn a spell that would send me to la-la land.

"Nice try. But you do not define my beauty and you're not going anywhere. You have duties here that must be fulfilled."

I banged the ground on either side of me with my fists. "I don't want to fulfill those duties. I want to do other duties. I'll become a brownie and scrub toilets. I'll chase bugganes around the forest. I'll do anything they ask ... just not that."

"Why? Why toilets and not the honor of uniting your people?"

"Because ... ," I said petulantly, swirling my finger around in the dirt, staring at the patterns I made, " ... I don't even like him. I like someone else."

"Lie."

I angrily smeared the pattern I'd made and flung the dirt and leaves away from me.

"No! I don't want Ben! I want Chase!"

"That may be so, but it is not true to say that you don't like Ben. And you know that you cannot have everything you want - nor would you want that for yourself. People or fae who are given everything they desire, without working for it and without concern for the consequences, are dangerous ... shallow souls with nothing but the Underworld to look forward to after the Here and Now."

She struggled to stand, and once finally on her feet said, "Sacrifice! That is what it means to be alive. To really live, you must be a part of something greater than yourself. Do for others before you do for yourself. Listen to that little piece of your mind that tells you all is not as it seems ... because, girl ... it is not! Nothing is as it seems. All of this ... ," she spread her arms around her, " ... is just an illusion. You have yours. I have mine. They have theirs."

She started shuffling towards her door.

"So what am I supposed to do?"

"Do what you know you must. What is right for your people. Be who you really are and don't be afraid of that. You were born to greatness, as all the fae are. Take what is yours and then give yourself back to us, the fae, one hundredfold. We all need you ... and that elemental you claim not to like."

She reached the entrance to her house and stepped inside. She turned to close the door behind her.

I tried to stop her by continuing the conversation. I had to know the endgame for myself here. "What if I run away? What if I don't agree to go through with the ceremony?"

"Then you seal their fate. It is your right to do that, if you wish it to be so."

"I do. I do wish it to be so because I don't want to be bound to that elemental!" I shouted at her face, darkening as it pulled away into the shadows of her house.

"Lie!" she yelled, before she slammed the door in my face.

Chapter 35

I stood there, brushing twigs, leaves, and dirt off of my soiled and uninspiring cloak, wondering what the hell I was supposed to do now.

The answer came in the form of an anxious pixie, buzzing through the air to stop in front of me, hovering, and as agitated as I'd ever seen him. "Where have you been, young lady?!" yelled Tim, his hands on his hips. He sounded so much like my father it was frightening.

"Talking to Maggie."

"Well, I'll have you know that you have everyone up in arms back there. If you don't get your sweet buns back to the Infinity Meadow, like right now, you're going to go down in history as the changeling who ended the fae species and destroyed the world!"

"Well, then, what does it matter? If there's no one around to write that history down?"

Tim buzzed right up to my cheek and slapped me.

I slowly raised my hand to my face, stunned at what he'd just done. "Did you just ... hit me?"

Tim backed up, his hands stiff at his sides. "You bet your big fat butt I did. Now stop talking nonsense and get back to the Infinity Meadow, now!" He did three loops and a twist in midair before settling down into hover mode again. "I'm all out of whack here with anxiety. I'm going to get airsick any minute now. The stress is unbearable. I could accidentally pixie someone, and I won't be held responsible for that. Please, Jayne," he begged, "go back."

"How do you even know about this?" I asked.

"Uh ... well ... that would be the witch's amplified listening spell that I helped concoct late last night after you went to sleep." He looked nervous.

"Spill it, pixie. What did you do?"

He flew a few more loops first and then said, "Okay, fine, I'll tell you. I approached one of the witches and suggested that it might be a good idea to spell the meadow with a listening cast - so those of us not privileged and important enough to be on the council could hear what you guys were saying. And I worked with them to make sure it was properly amplified, because as I've told you on many occasions, pixies are good with electronics and things that act like electronics."

"Define 'properly amplified', Tim."

"Um. That would mean, 'so it plays in every room of the Light Fae compound'." He grinned at me sheepishly.

"So what you're saying is ... everyone who knows me, and who I know, was a direct witness to my freak-out and retreat."

"Yeah. Pretty much."

"Fuck balls, Tim! Why'd you do that?"

"How was I supposed to know you were going to be sent to the gallows with Ben? And how was I supposed to know you were going to run away like a deranged chicken? I don't see why I should be blamed for your bad choices."

Maggie's voice came from behind the door. "Get out of here you two! I'm trying to sleep!"

Tim and I looked at each other, now more worried about pissing Maggie off than fighting with each other. I turned to start walking back to the compound, grumbling as I went. "This f**king sucks, Tim, you know that, don't you? I'm being forced into ... a ... I don't know ... a marriage or something. This is like one of those messed up arranged marriages where you don't even know the person you're supposed to spend the rest of your life with."

"Come on, Jayne. It's not that bad. You know him, at least."

"Yes, it is that bad!" I argued. "No, wait! You're right ... it's not bad, it's worse! I'm being forced into a shotgun marriage, only my marriage isn't going to last for a mere forty or fifty years. No! It's going to last for thousands. Thousands of years, Tim. Do you feel my pain yet?"

Tim flew ahead of me. "Okay, so it does kind of suck a little. But it could be worse. You could be matched with someone really ugly. Or someone really cruel."

"Ben's not ugly, okay, I'll admit that. But he is cruel. He let Leck torture me."

"Well, I think he's sorry about that. I think he's sorry about a lot of things."

"How would you know?"

Tim turned and flew backwards, a smile on his face. "Because the amplification spell worked on him too. He had plenty to say after you left." He looked at me a little sheepishly. "Oh, and I talked to Abby who had plenty of inside information to share."

"No!" I said, picking up my pace. "What? Tell me." My heart raced a little at the idea of Ben talking about me. Stupid traitor heart. And I couldn't believe Tim actually talked to She-Who-Wasn't-Supposed-To-Be-Named.

"Oh, Ben was saying stuff like you'd never have him, that he did terrible things to you and didn't deserve your forgiveness, that he'd ruined every chance the fae had at surviving this apocalypse, he didn't want you to feel forced into being with him, yadda, yadda, yadda. It was all very romantic. Except for the part where you weren't there because you were too afraid to deal with everything and had totally rejected him. Gotta give the guy credit though - he didn't have anything but lovely things to say about you, even though you jilted him, leaving him at the altar and all."

"Shut up." I could feel my face getting red. I hated that Ben had more courage than I did and I hated that he was being a nicer fae than me right now.

"Tell me about Abby."

Tim looked embarrassed. "Well, uh, apparently, she's kind of a pixie saint or something."

"What?" Now I was just confused.

"Apparently she got pregnant with Maggie's help, thinking it would be the best way to solidify our relationship - crazy she-pixie thinking there. And then she mentioned something about maybe wanting a baby to me and I had no idea she'd already gone and done something about it - so I told her it was a terrible idea because baby pixies have to live on colonies for years and years until they're controllable - with the pixying stuff - blah, blah, blah ... and, so, she kind of freaked out and went to the Dark Fae healers who made her an offer she couldn't refuse."

"I'm almost afraid to ask. What offer?"

"In exchange for helping them with their pixilation research, they would provide a home for her and our son, and not at a colony."

"So, what ... ? She's like, a lab rat?" I didn't see how this qualified her as a saint. More like a sucker in my book.

"No, she's on their research team. Yes, they use her blood, but she's right there with them, coming up with the antidotes like the one used on Chase." Tim buzzed right up in front of my face. "She did it for our son. For us. As soon as he was ready, she was going to come find me. With these antidotes all of us, all pixiekind, could live with regular fae without being discriminated against. She's a revolutionary."

I looked at him mystified. "But why didn't she tell you sooner?"

Tim's face turned red and he flew in three tight circles before coming back to answer me. "She tried. I refused to listen."

"Oh, shit, Tim." I felt terrible for him. All this time he'd thought his wife didn't love him. And he had a son.

"What about your boy?"

Tim burst out in a huge smile. "I met him! He's incredibly handsome."

I smiled. "Of course he is. How could he not be?"

"I know, right? His name is William. She calls him Willy."

I started giggling. "As in Wee Willy Winkie?"

Tim frowned at me. "You're not mocking my baby, are you Jayne?"

I put on a straight face. "Nooo. Me? Never. So when do I get to meet these lovely pixies?"

"After your ... uh ... bonding ceremony."

The gloom descended back down onto my head and I frowned.

"Listen. Just because you're married or bonded or whatever to the guy, doesn't mean you have to live with him, right? I didn't live with my wife for a long time."

"Something tells me for this whole grand scheme to work, I'm going to have to be around him, at least some of the time. I think the whole idea is to get our people together - not continue to live apart."

"Yeah, I know. The council members on both sides have been hammering out those details. They're going to un-spell all the corridors and unblock the tunnels that connect our compounds. Chase has scared the ever-living crud out of them. Now there's just going to be one big, giant living space for all of us. And they're going to mix us up -like Dark, Light, Dark, Light - all of the rooms are going to be staggered, the eating halls, mixed. Total desegregation. It's going to be wild."

"But what about the fae like Malena who hate us?"

"They're just going to have to put aside their personal feelings for the greater good."

I snorted at that.

"Yeah, I know what you're thinking. Believe me, you're not the only one. But enough of the council are on board with this, that they're going to make it happen. Chase has done a good job convincing them that you and Ben are our only hope. It was like a visitation from the rage of angels back there. I nearly peed myself twice."

I felt angry tears rise up in my eyes and I swiped at them in frustration as I trudged through the woods, heedless of the fallen branches that usually tripped me up. "Do you have any idea how pissed off and powerless this makes me feel?"

Tim flew in front of me and stopped in midair, forcing me to stop or suffer a pixie penis to the face. "What?!" I yelled, backing up a step.

"Yes, Jayne, I do. I know how scared and mad and confused and all those other terrible emotions you are right now. I get it, completely. You always rebel against doing what other people try to force you to do. If they had asked me, I would have told them there was a better way to handle this. But they didn't ask me. So now you have to deal with their inelegant and disrespectful approach in a way that works for you. Don't cut off your nose to spite your face. It's too pretty for that."

Tim acting all fatherly on me like this was a new one. But it was probably the one time I didn't mind and actually appreciated hearing it.

"So you think I should do this?"

"Yeah. But on your own terms. Talk to Ben. See what he has to say. Then make your decision. I have confidence that you will decide to go through with it. I know how important this family is to you."

"And what if, after I talk to Ben, I decide not to do it? Not to ... bond with him?"

"Well," he said, coming over to rest on my shoulder, "we'll just go down swinging, then won't we? You, me, and the rest of that motley changeling crew of yours."

"I think I can live with those two choices." I smiled, already feeling a little better, knowing this small pixie had my back, regardless of what I decided to do. "You know, you're going to be an awesome dad, Tim."

"Of course I am," he said, yanking on my hair, "now giddy-up, donkey, we have a date with destiny."

Chapter 36

I followed the path to the Infinity Meadow, noticing immediately that we were no longer going to be in the company of just the council members. The entire meadow was filled with fae, both Light and Dark. There were hundreds of them there, all centered around the tree resting over my mother's grave. I even saw Leck loitering on the fringes. My friends were all standing in a group, near the tree, where Samantha had joined them.

I saw her looking at me, for the first time without pure hatred on her face, and Maggie's recent words came back to haunt me. Was it possible that Samantha was the one she had been talking about? That she and I were related somehow? I shook my head to stop my mind from going down that road. It was too crazy to consider right now ... way down on my list of shit to deal with.

I looked back at the tree and noticed that Gus was standing near Chase, who had put his wings away and looked once again like my daemon. Only now I knew he'd never been a daemon. And I knew he had never been mine. I ignored the squeezing in my chest that felt like a very painful heart cramp.

Ben looked up as soon as he saw me emerge from the path, and took a step towards me. Chase put his arm out to stop him. Ben looked down at the arm across his chest and halted in his tracks, his eyes going to Chase for an explanation.

Chase dropped his arm and came forward, meeting up with me before I reached the edge of the crowd.

"Tim, I'd like to speak with Jayne alone for a moment."

Tim flew away without saying anything, but I saw him look at me and nod his head as he disappeared into the throng of fae in front of me.

Chase took me by the elbow and led me back down the path a bit, away from the prying eyes of the others.

"Put us in a bubble of green energy, Jayne. I want to talk to you without them hearing and without the listening spell picking it up."

"You knew about that, huh?" I drew the connection to me, envisioning a bubble surrounding us. The green glow grew until it encircled us completely.

"Yes. I know about everything."

"Do you know that you totally slammed my heart into a wall back there?" I figured there was no one here but Chase to hear my embarrassing admissions, so I might as well go balls out.

"Yes. I know. I can feel your pain. The same pain is mirrored in my heart."

I grabbed his arms. "Then why?! Why are you asking me to do this?"

Chase put his hands on my shoulders, staring deeply into my eyes. "This is what must be. I cannot stay here with you. But Ben can. He is a good man, a good fae. He is an elemental - one of your kind. Together, you will do great things. And one day, when you leave this realm to come to the Overworld, I will be there waiting for you. You and I will be together again, I promise you that."

"So ... what? I'm supposed to take Ben as my consolation prize? Does he know that?" I couldn't imagine a guy like him being okay with that.

"No. Ben is no consolation prize. He is the real deal, Jayne. He was meant for you. Both of you have let the petty concerns of a few cloud your vision. Open your eyes and see who he really is. See who Tony sees. See who Becky sees. Trust your friends who have no other motivation than to be true to you."

"But I don't really even like him," I whined, annoying even myself with the tone of my voice.

"You just need to give him a chance. That's all. If you can't do it for yourself, do it for me."

I choked on a sob. "Do you have any idea how f**ked up that is? For the guy you want to be with, to tell you to go like another guy for him?"

Chase shook his head and jerked my shoulders - not sharply, but enough to snap me out of my pity party fog. "No! That is not what's happening here. What's happening is your guardian angel, the one who gladly took the appointment to watch over you for all of eternity, is telling you where you will find your earthly happiness. This is what the universe wants for you! This is what you deserve! Now stop denying yourself these things and take what's being offered. Some people and some fae never get this opportunity. Too few do, in my opinion. Don't throw it back in my face. I have worked very hard to win this for you."

"You did this? For me?" I said weakly.

"Not all of it. But some, yes. I love you, Jayne," his face softened, "I always have, and I always will. No matter what you do, no matter how many times you mess up, no matter how many bad choices you make, that will never change."

The tears fell down my cheeks and dripped off my jaw and trembling chin. "Why? Because you're my own personal messiah?"

"Don't call me that. I've told you before, that's not what I am. And to ask me why is just ... stupid."

I looked at him like he was nuts. "What? Are guardian angels even allowed to tell their wards that they ask stupid questions? Don't they have a handbook up there that tells you that you have to be nice?"

He was clearly frustrated with me. "Listen, we are out of time. I love you because you are perfect, exactly as you are, faults and all. I believe you are going to be a wonderful Mother to these fae. It is what you were born to do. Now, we must get going and proceed with the bonding ceremony. And then I will leave to return to my realm. I expect you to remember every word I said and keep them with you forever. I will see you again - hopefully later, rather than sooner."

"Why?" I asked in a tremulous voice.

"Because. The next time I see you will be when you are in the Overworld."

"Meaning, I'll be dead."

"Yes."

I nodded my head, finally getting it. He was leaving and he wasn't coming back. Becky had known and Tim had suspected it. I had too, but had denied it for as long as I could. Part of me wanted to cling to him desperately and beg him to stay - but I knew it wouldn't make any difference. This was one of those things that I knew I couldn't change no matter how hard I tried. I stared at the sky for a second, trying to get my emotions under control and biting back the cuss words that wanted to fly out of my mouth and ring out across the meadow. It was so. Damn. Hard.

I looked out through the green haze towards the place I knew where Ben was standing - waiting for me to do the right thing by our people. Maybe one day, I'd be okay with not being able to change this moment. Maybe someday I'd be happy it was ending up this way. I could only hope.

I took the bubble down, once more exposing us to the eyes and ears of the fae standing in the meadow. Chase and I slowly made our way down the path and back to stand in front of Ben. He was the first to speak.

"Jayne, if you don't mind, I'd like to talk to you for a minute alone, too." He looked at Chase. "I won't take long."

Chase nodded his acquiescence.

Ben gestured for me to precede him, back to the spot where Chase and I had just had our little meeting. Before I even had a chance to bring up my bubble of protection, I found myself surrounded by a dome of fire. It was beautiful, completely blocking out the view I had of everyone and of every sound I had just been hearing. There were no more birds chirping, no more murmuring crowds of fae ... the only thing I could see and hear was Ben and me. The reds, oranges, and golds of the heatless flames were gorgeous. I sighed in amazement without even thinking about it.

"Nice, huh?" he asked, smiling tentatively.

"Yeah. Better than mine."

"I can teach you how to do it. If you want."

I shrugged. It might be nice to have another elemental who knew his shit to show me the ropes. Maybe.

"Jayne, I just wanted to ... I don't know. Talk to you. Before you made any decisions."

"Go on," I said, willing to hear him out, at least for now. "I've got a couple minutes to spare."

"I know you're shocked by all this. Believe me, so am I. And I completely understand why you don't want to be with me. I don't blame you at all. I'd do the same thing in your shoes."

"You would?" I found that hard to believe. In my experience, beautiful guys were too full of themselves to realize what ass**les they were.

"Yes. I've hurt you. Physically, emotionally ... and I made you think I was stealing your best friend from you."

"You let Leck melt my brain. You told him to. I have to be honest ... I'm having a hard time getting past that one."

Ben dropped his head in shame. "I know. And you should. I wish there was something I could say to make it better - but there's just no excuse for it. I was blinded by my passion to accomplish what I thought was right ... at any cost. I was weak. It was stupid and cruel and unforgiveable." He lifted his head and looked at me, desperation in his eyes, "If it makes you feel any better, I plan to work the rest of my days in this realm to make it up to you - to show you how sorry I am."

"How are you going to manage that?" I was intrigued by the idea of total enslavement, I had to admit.

"I'm not sure yet," he said, smiling a little. "I thought I'd start with foot rubs and work my way around from there."

"Don't get ahead of yourself, Romeo," I said, taking a step back.

"That's not what I meant," he said, holding up his hands in surrender. "I mean it. I have only honorable intentions. This ... bonding or whatever it is ... you define it for us. Not me. I will follow your lead, I promise."

"Meaning ... ?"

"Meaning, if you just want to be friends for life, I can live with that. If you want more, well, I'd be good with that too. More than good with that." He hurried to add, "But, like I said, it's up to you."

"So I decide where we go with this? And I get foot rubs on request too?" I did loooove me some foot rubs, that was no lie. I wondered if Tony had tipped him off. I had never figured out how to con Tony into giving me one. The idea of my smelly feet grossed him out too much.

Ben smiled, a dimple showing up in his cheek that I'd never noticed before. "Yes. That's it in a nutshell."

"And in the meantime, we fight off these demons and orcs ... and then what?"

Ben shrugged, losing his smile. "I don't know. What do you think happens next?"

I looked at him, searching his face for signs that he was tricking me, but I didn't see anything. "I don't know. Do we go back to living in different compounds? Hating each other? Trying to destroy each other?"

"I hope not," he whispered, concentrating everything he had on my face. I could feel it. The intensity of his gaze nearly burned me, but without any pain.

"Me too," I said, my face heating up and my heart racing. Everything was so messed up for me right now - but even so, I could see this person was standing in front of me, blindingly beautiful, looking at me like he was totally okay with being bound to me forever. This powerful fae elemental who three people I cared about deeply - Tony, Becky, and Chase - had told me I should trust. Four, including Tim. The fae elemental my guardian angel had called Father.

"So we're good then?" asked Ben. "We're going to do this?" He held out his hand.

I looked down at it and then back up to his face, smiling at the hope I saw there. "Yeah. Let's do this." I lifted my hand and gently placed it in his.

Chapter 37

The dome of fire dropped away as we emerged from the path holding hands. Smiles broke out on the faces nearest us and then spread like wildfire through the crowd.

No one said anything too loudly as we approached Chase, but I could hear whispers carried by the wind. They didn't sound unhappy. On the contrary, they sounded quite hopeful.

We came to a stop in front of Chase who held out his hands in front of him, palms up. His voice rose up, an ethereal quality to it making it spread across the entire meadow so every fae could hear him. I had a feeling that all the fae living in and around this forest were here for this event. I looked down at my feet, at the soil that I knew contained the body of my mother, and was glad that she could be here with me today - on the day of my wedding to Ben, the Dark Fae elemental, and up until this day, my sworn enemy.

I looked up at Ben's face and was blown away by its beauty. I had always noticed it, but somehow it hadn't seemed so breathtaking before, when I'd held him in distain. That anger and distrust was fading away as I stood in the presence of my guardian angel, the one who loved me unconditionally - the one who was sent to help us fae bring our two worlds, one Light and one Dark, back together again so we could quell the uprising of the creatures from the Underworld. Ben's face was my very ideal of perfection. His skin was dark, either from the sun or his heritage, I didn't yet know. His eyes were a brilliant green and reminded me of the power and energy that made up the Earth element I commanded. He turned towards me, and his full, sensual-looking lips turned up in a smile.

He took a moment to stare and me and then leaned over, saying, "You are the prettiest human or fae girl I've ever seen in my entire life."

I felt myself coloring under the compliment but said nothing back. I didn't want to declare my undying love to him, because I didn't feel that emotion for him. Not yet anyway. But after Chase was done saying the ceremonial words, I was going to have to learn to love this guy, one way or another. We were going to be bound for life. And when you're fae, that's a ridiculously long time.

"Gentle fae ... thank you for attending this solemn but also happy occasion, wrought by coming tragedy but ultimately forged with love and the approval of the Great Spirit and the Elements of our universe. Let us all hold hands and connect our souls together."

Every fae in the meadow began taking the hands of another fae nearby. Within seconds, everyone was touching - an unbroken chain of Light and Dark Fae. Even Malena, who had expressed her extreme dislike for the idea of me entering her world, held the hands of fae on either side of her. I avoided her eyes and stared at Ben's instead. He smiled at me, making me feel slightly more courageous.

"The elemental, Jayne, of Earth and Water - and the elemental, Ben, of Fire and Wind - come together before you today, as you bear witness to their bond. This bond shall last until their final days here in this realm and beyond if they so choose. May no fae, nor human, nor any creature of Light or Darkness, take this bond from them."

He said in a more quiet voice. "Please place your hands in mine."

I put my left hand in Chase's right; Ben put his right hand in Chase's left.

"Repeat after me, both of you."

"I ... state your name."

Ben and I looked at each other and both of us fought the giggles that started to come out, only partially successful at it.

We both said really loudly, "I state your name!"

Chase rolled his eyes. "Stop messing around. This is serious. Do it over ... I state your names ..."

We both purposely sobered up, still battling silly grins. I said, "I, Jayne Sparks Blackthorn ... ," and Ben said, "I, Benjamin Dark Hawthorne ... "

I cocked my head, surprised that our names had such similarities and that he shared a name with a dragon I'd heard about, but there was no time to think too much about it because Chase continued.

"Vow, that on this day ... "

We both repeated it, our voices combining as one, "Vow, that on this day ... "

"We will be bound to one another ... "

"We will be bound to one another ... "

Chase took our hands and joined them, forcing us to weave our fingers together, his own hand dropping away as he said the last line, "And that no man, no fae, no beast, or creature, shall come between us or sever that bond, upon penalty of death to be suffered by us both."

My eyes bugged out a little at that one, and Ben's mouth thinned a bit, but we both took deep breaths and finished it.

"And that no man, no fae, no beast, or creature shall come between us or sever that bond, upon penalty of death to be suffered by us both.

As soon as the last syllable was out of our mouths, I felt the elements leap into Ben and me, all four of them together - Earth, Wind, Fire and Water - engulfing us and surrounding us, separating us from everyone else.

"Ben!" I yelled, "I'm afraid!" I wasn't controlling my elements at all. They had gone wild on me.

He pulled me to him, gently holding me against his chest; I could see him clearly now, all the colors of the rainbow swirling around us madly and wildly, their lights flickering reflections on his face.

"Don't be afraid. I think it's part of the ceremony. I'm here with you - I'll protect you."

I looked up at him, smiling. "Maybe I'm going to have to protect you."

He smiled back. "Maybe. But I doubt it."

I went to push him away, but he held onto my hands. "Wait," he said, his head cocked to the side. "Can you hear that?"

I listened for what he was talking about and suddenly I did. It was a song. A symphony really. It was beautiful. Mesmerizing. Enthralling. "What is that?" I asked, stunned.

"It sounds like ... sirens?"

I knew what Naida's song sounded like, and this wasn't it. "No, this isn't Naida's song."

"We have a siren too. His name is Neen. Maybe it's both of them, because it's kind of his song and kind of not ... "

I listened harder. Now that I concentrated, I could pick out strands of hers, intertwined with those of another. "I think they're singing together. It's ... nice."

"I guess we have a song now."

I rolled my eyes. "Spare me."

He pulled me close again and cleared his throat, suddenly nervous, which had the effect of making me suddenly nervous too.

"What?" I asked, "What's wrong?"

"Well, I think we have to ... uh ... seal the deal in here."

"Seal the ... what?"

"You know ... kiss the bride?"

"Oh." My face turned crimson, I know it did. I could totally feel the burning. It was even spreading down my neck to my chest. "Shit." How embarrassing. I was about to kiss the guy I'd despised ten minutes ago, in front of a thousand fae and the guy I'd been crushing on for months.

He frowned. "I'm sorry. I know it's not something you really want to do right now. I'll make it quick if you want."

I nodded my head dumbly, unable for once in my life to think of a comeback.

He leaned his head down slowly, using his finger under my chin to urge my face up so it was tipped back to receive his kiss.

I didn't fight him - I just closed my eyes in anticipation, wondering what it was going to feel like. In the space of half a second, my anxiety, blood pressure and hormone levels reached crisis level nine point nine.

And then his lips touched mine, softly and tentatively at first. He made as if to pull away then, but my hand reached up and touched his chest, signaling to him that I wasn't quite done. He leaned his head down farther, pressing his lips more firmly to mine and moving them to taste me more fully. My hand reached up of its own accord and found the back of his neck, pulling him to me to encourage deeper penetration. I'd never had a kiss like this before. Nothing even close. The tip of his tongue came out and touched the tip of mine, causing me to hitch my breath for a second, before I arched up, deepening our kiss on my own.

That was all the signal he needed to dive headfirst into the passion with me. Our tongues and lips tangled around each other in what felt like a perfectly choreographed dance of hidden desires and future promises. I didn't care if a million fae were watching me right now. All I wanted was to buy more of this hot sexy stuff Ben was selling.

I became aware of his hands, rubbing my back, and the length of his body pressing against mine. Somewhere in the back of my mind I heard a whisper of something - something that was intruding on my utter collapse into this world of Ben's heat and desire that had just erupted out of nowhere.

Ben put his hands to the sides of my face and pulled us apart, resting his forehead on mine. "Something's happening," he said breathlessly.

"I know," I said, trying to catch my breath too. "What is that?"

We heard Chase's voice through our elements. "That is Spirit. Your union has been blessed. Please, come out and join your family."

Ben stood up straight, his eyes never leaving mine. He reached down, first to brush a strand of hair from my forehead and then to take my hand. "Are you ready?" he asked, searching my face tenderly for signs of my thoughts.

"Yeah. I'm ready if you're ready."

He smiled brilliantly at me. "Let's go kick some ass."

"Fuck yeah," I said, smiling back.

The force of our elements dropped away and left us standing there in front of our entire community of fae family members.

Chapter 38

Ben lifted our tightly clasped hands above our heads in triumph and looked down at me, smiling. I looked up and met his gaze, smiling too.

The cheers from the crowd surrounding us lifted my heart until it was soaring above the meadow, above the tree whose roots encased my mother's body, and above the Green Forest where everyone I cared about lived and was going to fight with me and my bonded elemental for our very survival.

I watched as Chase's mighty wings unfolded and began to beat, sending nearby fae scattering. Ben and I backed up, as Chase slowly lifted himself up into the air, easily and gracefully skirting past the branches of my mother's tree so that he could take flight. The last thing I saw before my guardian angel took himself above the meadow and into the sun-filled sky were the tears that fell to his cheeks, just before he turned and flew off in a beating of wings that sent gentle currents of air down to cool the heat from my face.

"Those were happy tears, right Ben?" I asked in a voice choked with emotion. I knew he had seen them too.

"Yes, they were," he replied, his own voice gruff, pulling me to him with his arm around my waist. "We're going to be okay, Jayne. You'll see. I'll make sure of it," he said.

"I know you will," I said, smiling at the group of changelings that was rushing over to envelope me in a super big group hug - a crazy pixieman blazing the trail in front, dragging a beautiful she-pixie over in his left hand, and a tiny, baby pixie in his right.

