1

The sea was hot, the salt like acid against his wounds, burning gloriously as he trudged through the dwindling surf to stand upon the pebbly shore once again. Demonhatch had smacked him a good one with its fifty-foot tail, launching his body toward the ocean, beyond where the mammoth waves showed themselves as more than a brooding swell. And so he'd swum, ditching his heavy breastplate, his helm, his chain mail-all the things that wished to drag him down so the foul water could fill his lungs and silence his heart.

Except his greatsword, Slayer. No, never that.

Gunner Skale had clutched his weapon with one hand and swum with the other, his eyes open to watch the fiery beast, no matter how much the salt stung. And now he was back, exhausted and achy, but ready to finish the job. If he killed Demonhatch today, so soon, Gunner would easily go down as the greatest gamer ever to enter the world of Plague and its thousands upon thousands of bloodthirsty monsters.

Soaked, muscles scorched, his sword feeling as if it weighed half a ton, Gunner broke into a run once he reached dry ground, sprinting as best he could to where the beast crouched, eating the remains of something that had once been human. Clearly, Demonhatch thought its last blow had finally killed the greatest warrior it had ever faced-and if not, the raging sea would've finished the job. And so, ever arrogant, it feasted, its back to the gray-green waters of the ocean and its battered shore.

Gunner picked up speed, holding Slayer's hilt with both hands, his arms cocked to thrust or swing on a moment's notice. The pebbles turned to rocks, rocks to boulders over which he bounded without so much as a glance down. He couldn't afford to take his eyes off the beast. And so he trusted his instincts, his balance, his feet, his peripheral vision. Hell's glory, he was Gunner Skale, for crying out loud. With a smile, he charged forward, knowing that the biggest, baddest, deadliest monster in Plague was about to get its head chopped off.

Demonhatch finally heard his approach and whipped around to look at Gunner with all four of its slitted, red-tinged eyes. Then its mouth opened, a monstrous bear trap of a thing with hundreds of blade-sharp teeth, jagged points with serrated edges, perfect for ripping up its prey. Then came the roar, followed by the burst of fire, an avalanche of liquid flame that poured down on Gunner.

Gunner rolled and ignited the Shield spell for which he'd had to betray his closest comrade-in-arms to gain. It kept off most of the heat, though he knew he'd feel some residual burn when he Lifted back to his Coffin. He landed, spun, leapt back to his feet, hefted the greatsword Slayer up above his head, ignoring the variety of pain that crisscrossed his body. He wanted this to be over.

Igniting an Air spell, he flew thirty feet into the air, vaulting toward the beast's head. A quick slash of his sword pierced one, then two of Demonhatch's eyes, black liquid spurting out in streams. But then came the claws and the tail, the beast screeching its roar of agony as it counterattacked. Gunner flipped and dodged, landing on the beast and bouncing off, igniting all the spells he'd saved up-Pouncer and Burst and Waterswell and Fists of Iron-throwing all his power at the creature in one final onslaught.

A final onslaught that took another hour.

An hour of ruthless battle, stroke and counterstroke, three more trips out to the sea, three long trudges back to the shore, spell ignition after spell ignition, sword against claw and tooth, quickness and Shield against liquid fire. Gunner took out the beast's remaining two eyes, then severed its arms, its legs, its tail. But still Demonhatch fought, and Gunner fought back.

Until Gunner ignited the Air spell one last time, leaping into the sky, far above the wounded, weakened beast. With a raging yell that he knew could be heard throughout all of Plague, Gunner fell back toward the ground, raising his massive sword above his head in a two-fisted grip, manipulating his descent with the power of his eyes. Demonhatch tried to flee, tried to roar, tried to breathe out flame one last time, but it was too late.

With a scream of fury, Gunner brought the sword down and severed the head of the most feared monster in Plague with one mighty stroke. The warrior landed on his feet under a shower of Demonhatch's hot blood. After sheathing Slayer in its home on his back, Gunner ignited a Strength spell and picked up the beast's head, ready to show it to the world.

Later, after claiming the ultimate victory with the Game Masters, he Lifted back to the Wake.

Gunner Skale was late for work.

2

Most people hated the transition from the Sleep to the Wake. The disorientation, the retraction of the NerveWires pricking out of your skin, the strange discomfort until you were finally up and out of the Coffin. Not to mention the disappointment that came every time-no matter how long you'd done it-in realizing that the vast world of the VirtNet wasn't real. That real life was real, and eventually you always had to go back to it.

Gunner relished the transition. He wanted the reminders, the discomfort. As great a gamer as he was, and as much as he loved the VirtNet-and no one loved the Sleep like Gunner Skale-he was too smart to let it take over his life. He'd seen it happen to too many of his friends. The line between what was real and what wasn't became blurred, then disappeared. After that, there could be no happiness.

How can you enjoy ice cream if you never eat broccoli?

That was something his grandma used to say to him. And even though it didn't stand up if he thought about it too much-Gunner was pretty sure he could eat ice cream and only ice cream for the rest of his life and be just fine-the point had been taken and never forgotten. To fully appreciate the Sleep, you had to embrace the Wake and all its drudgery.

Once the devices of the Coffin had fully retracted, the blue light came on and the lid rose on its hinges, showing him the sparse office in which he kept this most treasured possession of his. There was a desk and a couch, nothing else outside of the NetBox. Groaning, he sat up and dragged himself out of the Coffin. Wearing nothing but a soggy pair of boxers, he stretched and yawned, felt the weariness, the soreness, from head to toe.

Dawn's pale beginnings shone through the window, just starting to light up the city beyond. Gunner headed for the shower.

3

Rachel was sitting at the kitchen counter, sipping tea and eating a bagel, when Gunner walked in, all spiffed up and ready to go for another day in the jungle of real life. Her eyes lit up when she saw him, reason number one that he loved her so much. Because she loved him, and had since the day they'd met in high school, way before Gunner Skale became the most famous gamer in history. She was way too pretty to love someone with an ugly mug like his, but she hated it when he said that out loud.

"Gee, what a shocker," Rachel said after swallowing a bite of her breakfast and taking a sip of orange juice. "You never came to bed last night."

Gunner leaned in and kissed her. "Sorry, babe. I figured I might as well finish off Plague while I had all my ducks in a row. Plus, that way I can spend more time with you this weekend! See how it all works out?"

"Good try. I'll give you that much." She pulled out a stool and motioned for him to sit. "You made breakfast yesterday. Let me get you a bagel."

"If you call runny eggs and black toast breakfast. You ate three bites, tops." Gunner was more than happy to be waited on, though. He sat down, trying not to wince, but Rachel saw the pain on his face.

"Wow, a little rough with the monsters, eh?" she asked as she went for the cupboards. "Maybe you should bring me along so you don't get hurt so badly next time."

"And let you get any credit for my sheer dominance of the Sleep? No way." He smiled, but they both knew that deep down he meant every single word. Rachel was an excellent gamer-one of the best-which was why he couldn't ever let her come along. People really would discredit him for having such a talented partner.

She placed a bagel, a tub of cream cheese, a knife, and a huge glass of OJ in front of him. "Eat up, warrior."

"Gladly. Thanks." He dug into the cream cheese with the knife and started spreading. He felt like he hadn't eaten in a month.

"You ought to be a real charmer at work today," Rachel said, "running on zero sleep and whining every time you take a step. Maybe you should just call in sick. I will, too, and we can chill at Paradise Alley in the Sleep. Throw ice at the old-timers."

Nothing had ever sounded so appealing to Gunner, mostly because he knew he couldn't do it.

"Sorry," he said. "Not today. I've got a big consulting gig with Virtual Solutions. All I have to do is impress them, and they'll start printing money to pay me"-he winked at her-" 'cause I'm so smart, ya know?"

"Pretty much a genius." Rachel rolled her eyes and gave him a kiss on his cheek, ignoring that he'd just stuffed a quarter of a bagel in his mouth.

He guzzled his orange juice in one long, sweetly satisfying swallow, then stood up to go. "I just wish the rest of the world loved it like you do. And me. Everyone hates me."

"They always hate the guy at the top. Always. And remember-the teenagers love you still. There's that."

"Yep. There's that."

After a long embrace with Rachel-much longer than he had time for-Gunner headed out the door.

4

He always hoped for five minutes. Every day he swore that if he could just make it five minutes, he'd be happy and not complain the rest of the day.

Once again, he was disappointed.

Approximately thirty-three seconds after exiting the front door of his apartment building, a group of teenagers engulfed him, asking for his autograph. He obliged as cordially as he could for a minute or so, enduring the inevitable barrage of compliments and requests for advice or interviews as one voice ran into the next.

Eventually, he broke free, apologizing, saying he was late for work, and they followed a bit before finally giving up, wandering off to their own lives. Then came phase two. The dirty looks from adults. The gamers who'd been doing it long enough to stop admiring and start hating. Gunner just walked, eyes straight ahead, promising himself for the thousandth time that he'd use that ridiculous amount of sponsorship money he'd received from game companies to create a more private life.

After making it to the train without too much incident, he found a dark corner in the back and sat down, resting his head against the window. He cursed those stupid interviews he'd agreed to do for Gamer Central. In the end, that was what had robbed him of his glorious anonymity. They'd plastered his face all over the Net, and for a good amount of time no one could escape it. He was everywhere-NetScreens, WallScreens, NetWatches, you name it. Gunner Skale, ugliest wallpaper of the century.

He groaned inwardly. He loved gaming. He loved winning. He loved dominating.

But, man oh man, he hated being famous. Even as he had the thought, he saw a woman sitting a few rows down eyeing him with nothing short of hatred. She had the look of a prolific gamer-short orange hair, piercings, clothing that showed she didn't give a crap what people thought of her. Maybe he'd stepped over her on his way to the top of Plague. Who knew.

He closed his eyes to shut her out and daydreamed, remembering the time when gaming was the most fun, when he'd shattered all the Lifeblood records and no one really knew him yet. The real him.

Those were the days.

5

Gunner liked saying he had to go to work. He liked to call his job the daily grind. But in actuality, it was nothing like that. First, there was nothing daily about it. Rachel teased him all the time about "calling in sick," even though Gunner had no boss, no office, and no set schedule. But when you're the most skilled gamer in the Sleep, people want your advice. On a lot of things, most of which would surprise the average Joe. And these people were willing to pay Gunner an absurd amount of money.

Which he was more than happy to accept.

Today, he'd been invited to a small building on the outskirts of the city, a place no one would notice unless they accidentally bumped into it: brown dusty concrete exterior, dirty windows, weed-choked parking lot. There were only three cars parked there, all of them old models, and one of them had a flat tire. Gunner didn't think he had the correct address, but he tried the door anyway and wasn't surprised when he found it locked, rattling on its rusty hinges.

What the hell? he thought. Had he really wasted a chance to spend the day in the VirtNet with Rachel for a fake address? He was just turning to walk away when the door opened with a jangle. It had one of those little bells to announce anyone coming or going-something Gunner had only seen in historical games within Lifeblood.

A woman poked her head out, all frizzy red hair and bright lipstick. "May I help you, sir?" She smacked her gum like an all-out assault. "We don't usually open until noon or so."

Gunner could only stare. Someone had played a joke on him. Surely.

"Sir?" the bubbly lady inquired.

"Um ... I was supposed to meet with George Hartley. Of Virtual Solutions?"

She stared at him blankly, jaws busy, chewing her gum.

"Obviously I have the wrong place. Sorry to bother you." He paused. "Ma'am." Every muscle in his face strained as he struggled not to laugh.

The lady surprised him by swinging the door wide open. "You've got the right place, sir. Gunner Skale, I presume? My name is Cherry. Mr. Hartley will see you now."

Gunner wrinkled his brow as he eyed the establishment. His question was obvious.

"We value our security," Cherry responded. "We value it very, very much, and we find it's better to hide in plain sight, where no one would think to look." She picked the gum out of her mouth and threw it over Gunner's shoulder into the parking lot. "Please come in."

He followed her through the door, heard the jingle-jangle as she closed it, locked it. The waiting room was as drab as the exterior. Three worn chairs, all sagging in the middle. A dusty desk with a phone that must have been a century old-and completely useless for almost that long.

"You guys don't even try to make this place look like a real business," he said, surprised by what he was seeing. What do these people do for a living? he wondered.

"We keep meaning to upgrade," she replied with a wink, a simple thing that for some reason made Gunner not like her. "Follow me. Mr. Hartley is expecting you in the Exhibit Room."

"The Exhibit Room?" Gunner repeated.

"You'll see."

6

As they made their way down a series of stairwells and long hallways, Gunner started to wonder if he was the biggest idiot in the world for following this woman. He was, after all, famous-a fact about which he'd been feeling sorry for himself all morning. For all he knew, these people were about to blackmail him, kidnap him, ask for ransom, kill him. He felt a sudden and almost exhilarating rush of fear, irrational but thrilling. He kept walking, following his spritely guide.

They finally reached a section that looked modern. The change was abrupt-plush carpet, freshly painted walls, plasma lighting. Soon after, they came upon a set of double doors that looked to be made of heavy steel, like something that'd be on an industrial refrigeration unit. Cherry swiped her finger in funny little patterns on a section of the door, and the heavy steel panels popped open with a hiss.

"After you, Mr. Skale," she said with a slight smile that seemed to say there was a lot to her he might never know.

Gunner stepped into the room, which was cool and dimly lit. The walls and ceiling were black with tiny pinpoints of white light that looked like stars. It was a moment before he noticed the people. There were three: one woman and two men, their faces in shadow. Their attire was somewhere between business and casual, and oddly, despite the darkness, they were all wearing sunglasses. Cherry, who'd so cheerfully guided Gunner through the strange building, stepped around him to join them. And somehow she belonged. She fit in with the strange group of three, and he was sure he'd guessed correctly-that she was far more than your average secretary.

"Is one of you George Hartley?" Gunner asked, not knowing what else to say. He'd never had a consulting gig quite like this.

"I am," one of the men answered, stepping forward to shake Gunner's hand. He had a firm but disconcertingly moist grip. "We're glad you could come. We have some exciting things to show you, and I think with your help we'll be ready to take them to market."

Gunner looked down at his hand, uneasy. The man hadn't let go. Finally, after what felt like several beats too long, he did.

"So what is it?" Gunner asked. "Sunglasses? That work really well in the dark?"

The man laughed-more like a guffaw-as if their consultant had just uttered the greatest joke he'd ever heard. His partners did the same. The meeting was getting slightly creepy.

"No, no," George said, taking off the glasses-they were thick and shiny and had metallic parts in strange places. "These are something that were used a little before your time, Mr. Skale. Have you heard of VRSpecs? They were quite the rage fifty years ago."

"I've heard of them, sure. Of course." Gunner's eyes had grown used to the darkness, and now he could see that George Hartley was an old man, hair like gray mist on his head, wrinkles cutting up his face. "But I've never seen them, except for maybe in a museum one time. So help me out, here. Are you trying to bring these back? Most people can afford a Coffin or rent one-and those who can't figure out a way to do it illegally. I don't think-"

"Please." George held up a hand. "No, that is not our goal, I assure you. Let's just say that these glasses hold a bit of nostalgia for us. And we didn't want to take up your time dressing down for a Sink in the Coffins. Just as important, we wanted to meet you face to face. We think we have something that can change the world, both virtual and real."

Cherry spoke up, rescuing George. "Not to mention that we're spending every penny we've got just staying afloat. But with your endorsement, Mr. Skale, we think we'll have capital rolling in by the truckload."

"Is that what this is about?" Gunner asked. "You want me to plug some product so you guys can start making money?"

"Just ...," George said, his hands held out in impatience, "just let us show you what we're talking about. The old-fashioned way. You've met Cherry"-he gestured behind him-"and these are my other colleagues, Marta and Kent." They both nodded. "Let's begin."

Marta-a tall blonde who Gunner guessed to be in her fifties-stepped forward and handed a pair of the dark glasses to Gunner. More than curious now, he was happy to give them a try. When he slipped them on, though, all he saw was darkness.

"Okay, I'm ready," he said. "Wow me with whatever it is."

"Kent," he heard George say, "initiate the VR and Dissolve us into the Exhibit Room."

There was a click and a buzz and something like an electric shock that ran through Gunner's temples. Then everything around him transformed, taking him to another world.

7

It dazed him at first, making his mind spin and his eyes almost pop out of his head. He hadn't known what to expect with the archaic virtual technology, but what he saw spread before him was almost indiscernible from what he might see in an average VirtNet program. Gunner, George, and the others stood on a massive cloud that was billowy and white and brilliantly lit, glowing and pulsing as if filled with lightning. Mist swirled around Gunner's ankles.

Above them, planets and stars hung in the sky like Christmas ornaments, far too large and close to be realistic, but stunning in scale and beauty. There was a purple moon and a bright red planet and a streaking comet and several suns that were almost too blinding to look at directly. Between the cloud on which they stood and the constellations above, the sky was filled with mythical beasts-a dragon, a Pegasus, a griffin, things Gunner had never seen or heard of before-and the air was filled with a resonating hum that vibrated his bones.

He couldn't believe it.

He couldn't believe that the fantastic sights surrounding him had been generated by nothing more than a fancy pair of glasses and a specially equipped room. Too tempted not to do it, he edged the glasses down his nose and took a peek-those hundreds of pinpricks he'd seen in the walls were blazing with life, moving and projecting and flashing. He slipped the VRSpecs back into place, and the wondrous view enveloped him once again.

"Not bad," he said, hoping they caught the sarcasm in his understatement. "Man, visually, they nailed the programming a long time ago. Obviously." He let out an impressed whistle. "I guess we just needed fifty years or so to catch up with all our other senses."

"Exactly," George said. In the virtual world, he was dressed like a medieval knight and looked ridiculous. Which made him likable. "This is where we gather to dive into our coding-it's cheaper than using NerveBoxes, easier on our old bones to come in and out, yet still beautiful. A nice escape from the world without spending money that we don't have."

"Yet," said Kent. He looked like an android, standing stiffly as if his joints didn't quite work, with silver wires running along his skin in various places. Cherry was a medieval princess; Marta an old-fashioned soldier. "Once we show you what we've done-"

"Yeah, I know," Gunner interrupted. "Then you'll be raking in the dough. Got it. But I'm still waiting to see it." With a start, he realized he hadn't noticed what he was wearing yet and looked down. Thankfully, just a plain gray jumpsuit, like something a mechanic might don to fix cars.

"Now," George said, his virtual face showing he was ready to get down to business. "Let's remove ourselves to the sitting area and let the show begin."

They moved through some wispy clouds and made their way down a slope. Gunner walked tentatively at first, sure he was going to slip through a hole and plummet to the ground. He didn't know how that worked when wearing a pair of VRSpecs, but he didn't want to find out.

After passing a pillow-like wall of cloud, they came upon a circle of wooden stumps, about ten in all, looking as if their trunks had just been chopped and felled. In the middle of the circle was a ring of stones with blackened ashes at its center. It all reminded Gunner of a scouting camp he'd gone to as a kid, before people were allowed to use Coffins. He hated to admit it, but fake camping, to him, beat real camping any day of the week.

"Please, have a seat," George said.

He motioned to the stump closest to Gunner, who sat down, wondering where in the world all this was going. He had a sudden longing for Rachel, wishing she were there with him. The second this crazy meeting was over, he'd book it home and take her somewhere special inside the Sleep. Somewhere familiar.

The others took their own stumps and spread out around the circle. Everyone looked to George to begin.

"Now," the old man said, adjusting his unnecessary armor. "Look into the fire, Mr. Skale. Look deeply, and you will see the world of our code. You'll see just why we're so excited about what we've discovered."

Gunner did as he was told. He sat and stared at the charred wood and sooty ash. Then it began to change, dark swirls dancing upward from the ring of stones, devouring the air around it. It grew and grew, reaching for the celestial body-filled sky, encompassing everything around them. Gunner found himself leaning backward, trying to take it all in, wondering what it was. Soon he saw nothing but blackness, some parts darker than others, spinning like a black hole. It made him queasy, and once again he wondered if he'd fallen for some scheme.

But then a sea of coding splashed from the darkness, an onslaught of letters and numbers and symbols. He'd never seen so much data and information, so much programming-of such complexity-in one place before. From somewhere in that churning cyclone of code, he heard George's voice, quiet and proud.

"This, Mr. Skale, is something we like to call the Mortality Doctrine."

8

Hours later, Gunner had forgotten all about any promise he'd made to himself to rush home to Rachel and Sink into the VirtNet for a night out. He'd forgotten about every little thing in his life, enraptured by the code that George and his partners revealed to him piece by piece. Mesmerized, he sat and stared and listened, never wanting it to end, wondering if maybe it was all a dream. What he saw unravel before him like a long, long story seemed utterly impossible. And yet ... it was there. In the code.

"We still have a long way to go," George said at some point, long before Gunner wanted them to stop their presentation. "But hopefully we've shown you enough that you'll believe in our cause. We want you to join us, Mr. Skale. Not only do we want your endorsement for publicity's sake-we are practical, after all-but we want your counsel and advice. We want you as part of this team, a team that's going to change the world forever."

There was a whir of sound, and then everything disappeared, sucked back into the little fire pit in a great whoosh. Gunner could do nothing but stare at the ashes. Clouds and sky and planets filled the world now.

"What are you going to do with it?" he asked, his voice barely more than a whisper. His tone must've shown them that his joining their cause was an absolute given. All he wanted now was to understand what he'd just witnessed.

"The possibilities are endless," George replied. The man suddenly didn't look so goofy in that medieval garb of his. He looked like the greatest warrior who'd ever walked the earth. "Educating the young with instantaneous downloads of information. Eliminating dementia with stored memories and photos. Breaking down language barriers by downloading every known language into every mind. Restoring brain damage with artificial intelligence. Endless, Mr. Skale. The scope of possibility is matched only by its sheer wonder."

Gunner swallowed, his throat a desert. He'd always known the brain was nothing but an extremely complicated computer. And these people had figured out a way to meld the mind with technology-in a way that seemed straight out of the wildest novels about the future. He was excited and terrified.

"If this got into the wrong hands ...," he started, then stopped. George and the others weren't stupid. Not by a long shot.

"We know," George replied. "Yes, we know."

"So ... what's next?" Gunner asked.

"Can you come back tomorrow?"

"Yes," he didn't hesitate to say. "But not until we take care of some business first."

For the first time that day, George looked surprised. "And what's that?"

"I'm buying all of you Coffins. Brand-new. The best on the market." Gunner paused, looking at the fire pit longingly. "No more VRSpecs, my new compadres. Tomorrow, we meet in the Sleep."

9

They actually had to settle for three days later.

It turned out that purchasing, then waiting on delivery and installation of four NerveBoxes took that long, and it just about drove Gunner crazy. He spent his every waking moment thinking about or talking about what he'd seen, which in turn just about drove Rachel crazy. It was a sign of her love that she didn't pack up and move to Europe.

Finally, an hour before his planned meeting with Virtual Solutions, she huddled in his arms, whispering in his ear.

"I'm proud of you."

"Proud of little ole me? Why?"

She kissed him. "Just because you're awesome. I could care less about you changing the world."

"Couldn't care less," he said, knowing that'd get him a love smack. And it did.

He moved so that he could look her in the eyes. "Okay. It's time for a cheese moment. You don't get these often. Are you ready for it?"

"Oh, I'm ready."

He kissed her on the cheek. "I love you, babe. This is something big-bigger than any stupid game. And I want you with me on this. We can do good things and always be together. That's what I want."

Gunner swore he saw a tear brimming in her right eye. "That's what I want, too," she said. "Forever."

Thirty minutes later, they said good-bye.

10

George and his partners seemed to like celestial bodies, so Gunner didn't have to think hard to decide which of his many VirtNet hangouts he'd use for their meeting. You didn't become the best gamer out there without knowing how to code like a beast. Gunner Skale had programmed getaways in all kinds of places that no one else could touch-not even the VNS. A submarine on the bottom of the ocean, a cabin in the Rockies, a tree house in the Redwoods, a penthouse in the Empire State Building. If he didn't know her better, he'd say that those sweet hideouts were the only reason Rachel stuck with him.

But for Virtual Solutions, he chose the Skaleship: a massive spaceliner that he could take anywhere in the VirtNet with a few swipes of code. And today he chose the rings of Saturn. The windows of the viewing port would probably never be physically possible on a real spaceship-they were twenty feet tall and as many feet wide-but this was the Sleep. The brilliant colors of the rings, flat as a pancake, with the mammoth sphere of Saturn lurking behind them, were utterly beautiful.

"Thank you for this," George said as they all took their seats in the middle of the mostly empty room. Five people in all. Marta still looked like an old soldier, and Cherry's red hair glowed in the light of the planet. Everyone had chosen their real-life Auras to keep things simple. Kent seemed happy to let George do all the talking. "Words can't express how grateful we are to have your support."

"And money," Gunner said with a smile.

"Yes, that too." George shifted in his seat. "But your counsel will be worth just as much."

"Then let's get started. Last time we got to see the fun stuff. I guess we better talk about your business plan this go-round. How protected is this coding, first of all?"

Marta answered that one. "We've taken all the necessary steps, legal- and business-wise. Securing and protecting our assets has been our top concern. I assume your ... Skaleship is safe from prying eyes?"

Just as she finished speaking, Gunner caught a glimpse of movement over her shoulder. He looked past her, through the huge windows, out at the rings of Saturn. There was something coming toward them, a darkness against the shining plane of the rings, that grew larger even as he stared at it. Gunner hadn't gotten to his level of gaming by assuming the best of a situation. He shot to his feet.

"What is it?" George asked, following their host's gaze.

"This location is secure. That shouldn't be there," Gunner whispered. "We need to get out of here. Now. I'll take us to another of my hideouts. Link up with me."

For the first time since he'd met him, George scowled. "What is this? Some kind of trick? Did you think we'd walk in here and trust you with our secrets, give it all to you? We're still protected. We're not a bunch of fools."

Gunner tried to take a step back, surprised by the reaction, but his chair was in the way-he plopped down into the seat. "George ... I ... Are you insane? Of course I'm not trying to steal anything. I hardly even know anything about your project!"

"But you have your own resources," Cherry said sharply. "Plenty, as you like to hint at all too often. I think we should Lift and reconsider, George. This is all too fishy."

Gunner stood up again and regained his composure. The object outside the ship had tripled in size, coming closer and closer. "Listen, I don't know what's happening, but I promise I've been honest. I'm very interested in what it is you have to show me. Let me just ..." Gunner froze. When he tried to access the code to change their location, something blocked him. He tried again. Nothing.

"What's wrong now?" George demanded.

"What the hell?" Gunner said under his breath. "I can't ..." He looked at George and his partners. "We're blocked from the code. And ... I don't know what that thing out there is. But I have a feeling it's not good. I swear I had nothing to do with this! I don't know what's going on."

Marta and the others were visibly struggling to access their own coding to no avail.

"Mr. Skale!" the old man shouted. "I demand you remove this block immediately!"

Gunner was at a total loss-nothing could block him from code. Nothing! "I don't know what's happening. I'm telling you, I don't!"

The darkness now took up half the viewing port, the approaching object obscuring the outside world. For the first time since he could remember in the Sleep, Gunner had absolutely no idea what to do. They couldn't leave, he had no way to access defenses, his potential partners had turned against him, and something was about to crash into his ship.

The others saw that he was just as upset as they were. They gathered around him and faced the huge windows.

All was black now. No stars, no Saturn, no rings. Just darkness. As he stared, a spot of light appeared in the middle of the abyss, then widened into a bright opening that almost blinded him. A shadow passed across it with lightning speed. There was a blur of movement, a thump of sound, a jolting clap outside that rattled the ship.

And then an enormous metallic object was outside the viewing port, hurtling toward them. It crashed through the windows with a hideous explosion of noise, and shards of glass rained down on Gunner. It was as if the VirtNet itself had just been shattered with a hammer.

Amidst it all, somehow George's screams were crystal clear.

11

Gunner fell to the floor, arms thrown over his head, protecting his face from flying debris. His game-hewn senses were sharp, and his reactions were lightning fast. There was no loss of pressure because they weren't actually in space, so the atmosphere of the ship remained stable, but he could tell that the coding had started to break down-he saw glitches and fading color and wavering edges.

Gunner brushed himself off and stood. Whatever had crashed through the windows was on top of George, massive metal arms pinning the old man to the floor. The intruder was like a giant robot-a thick, monstrous body of gleaming steel and chrome, an insectile head with blazing blue eyes, vents jetting red steam, mechanical grunts and hisses sounding with its every move. And then Gunner saw exactly why George was screaming.

From the robot's torso, blades flashed in and out, stabbing the old man in the chest. The blood was a red fountain, splashing on the shiny metal of the attacker. George's screams turned to gurgles and moans, then stopped altogether. Gunner knew it was a simulation, but the horrific sight still sent a chill up his spine. And he knew he had to fight this thing off.

Little flaps opened on the robot's shoulders. Two long instruments with hooked claws on the end shot out and grabbed the sides of George's head. A third arm came from the monster's chest, tipped with a long, curling weapon that looked like a scorpion's tail. It slammed into the man's temple and viciously dug out his Core-that small metal chip that represented his fragile link to the real world-pulling the chip from the vicious wound and flicking it into the emptiness that hovered behind the shattered windows.

Gunner felt his world collapsing. Nothing had prepared him for this. Whoever was behind the attack broke new Virt laws every few seconds, each one worse than the last. Coding out the Core was not only illegal, but was an extremely difficult feat of programming. And the robot had done it as easily as tearing off a bandage.

Rachel's face appeared in Gunner's mind then. He didn't care about anything else. There was only Rachel. And he hadn't spent the last ten years annihilating the Sleep to give up now.

Gunner let out a scream that emptied his lungs of air, and scrambled to his feet. He ran at the robot, jumping at the last second onto its enormous arm. He scaled its side and leapt onto the thing's back. The robot moved, lifting and planting its arms and legs with jerky movements, heading straight for Cherry, as if it didn't know or didn't care that Gunner clung to it. With each step, glass crunched under the machine's clawed feet. Slowly but surely, it caught up to the woman and swung with a huge arm, swatting her through the air until she crashed into the wall and then crumpled to the ground. Gunner hung on as the thing moved again. He searched for something on the creature's exterior to pull or break or disengage, but his fingers found only a smooth metal hull.

Cherry didn't make a sound when the machine tore out her Core. This time, the robot flicked the metallic coin into the air and zapped it with a sun-bright laser, obliterating it. Marta, who'd scrambled to the farthest edge of the room, was next. The robot caught her and yanked her into the air. Over the sound of her screams, Gunner heard her body breaking, bones snapping.

Still he searched, punching the robot's metal shell with his free hand as he hung on desperately with the other. The machine was solid, unbreakable. Gunner tried again to access the code-he needed to pull a weapon from his endless stash of programs. But he might as well have been in the Wake for all the good his efforts did. He was blocked from the code like a severed spine.

The next few seconds were a blur of movement and sound. Marta erupted in one final scream as her Core was excised from her temple, and Kent didn't even put up a fight, dying in one swift, crushing blow from the robot. Gunner knew without seeing that his Core would be removed as well. He searched his mind for possible solutions. But nothing came, and soon metal claws were gripping his arms, wrenching him off the robot's back, throwing him to the floor.

Gunner landed with a grunt that sent the air rushing from his lungs. And then the massive machine-its gleaming body, its hissing steam, its groans of mechanics-was hunched over him, its brilliant blue eyes staring down at him like thrusters on a spaceship.

"At least tell me who you are," Gunner said, forcing out the words even though his chest was on fire. "Tell me why."

A voice-detached, almost dreamlike-answered.

"The Mortality Doctrine is mine. And now so are you. Say good-bye to flesh and bone, Gunner Skale."

There was a burst of pure light and a rush of sound, and then Gunner felt his memories drain from his mind like sand down a funnel.

12

Hours later ... weeks later ... a lifetime later ...

Gunner's eyes opened, though he'd never closed them.

He was in a forest, surrounded by trees and darkness and mist. In front of him, a man dressed in a business suit stood tall and straight, like a trained soldier, a look of sublime calm on his face. The man was neither young nor old. Neither ugly nor handsome.

Gunner inspected himself. He looked ... different, though he couldn't say just how. On some level, he already understood what had happened, but he couldn't piece it together.

"Who are you?" he asked the stranger, not knowing what else he could possibly say.

The man smiled, as genuine as they come. "I'm a Tangent, Mr. Skale. And now so are you. I'm sorry to break this news to you, but your intelligence has been removed from your body. Downloaded into safe storage, formatted into what I see before me. The new Gunner Skale, if you will. I hope in time you'll see that I simply had no choice in the matter."

Gunner's instinct was to argue against such an impossible thing. Except that he knew in his gut, somehow, that it was true. "How? ... Why?"

"It's better than death, wouldn't you say?" The man had not stopped smiling. He also hadn't moved. Not an inch. "You're a valuable asset in times like these, so I've decided to spare you. In a manner of speaking. And my demands are quite simple. If you do what I say, and if you do it well ... then, when all of this is over and the world has changed, I'll give you life once again. This I promise you. You'll have a new body, younger and stronger, and your final gift will be immortality."

Gunner had never felt so disconnected, so ... untethered, as he listened to the man's words. Comprehension still waited over a horizon unseen.

"It will take time to process," the stranger continued. "Time to adapt and accept. But in the end, you'll thank me. You'll be an active part in the greatest leap of human evolution the universe will probably ever witness."

"But my ..." Gunner collapsed to his knees, saw the mist swirl away from him in dancing eddies. He'd been the fiercest fighter the Sleep had ever seen, but now he had nothing left in him. Gaming had taught him many things, but perhaps one lesson above all else: Know when you're defeated, and save victory for another day.

"Rachel," he whispered. He broke into sobs, chest heaving with the pain of accepting the stranger's words. Everything had been taken from him. Everything. He could barely handle the splitting ache of his heart, shattering.

"Rachel," he finally said, as if no other word existed anymore.

"You can see her again." The man finally moved, walking forward, then kneeling next to Gunner. He placed a hand on his shoulder, a mocking sign of comfort that enraged Gunner, but he forced himself to rein his anger in. "Do as I ask. Help me. Change the world. Then we'll find you a new body and you can be reunited with your wife. Again, you have my solemn promise."

Gunner looked up at the man through the tears that streamed from his eyes. "What? What do you want me to do?"

The stranger slowly stood, helping Gunner do the same so that they faced each other, only a few feet apart. Then the Tangent who'd taken everything away from Gunner Skale told him what he had to do to get it back.

"I want you to help me build a Path," the man said. "And then I want you to guard it. And someday you'll be reunited with Rachel."

Rachel, Gunner thought, his mind fuzzy. I know that name. Don't I?

