Chapter 1

EVEN THOUGH THE LIGHT WAS OUT AND THE DOOR WAS SHUT, something was drawing me to Alder's room. I had been living with my real parents three weeks, and I had never seen Alder's door open, but every time I passed by the white painted wood with the pastel wooden letters that spelled ERIN, something inside me told me to open it.

I won't, I promised.

My second evening at the Aldermans', Julianne had sat with me on my queen-sized bed and flipped through catalogs of comforters, wall decor, and clothing. She asked me to mark everything I liked and must have ordered it all, because the boxes were arriving nearly every day.

The doorbell rang, and I trotted down the wooden stairs, trying not to make too much noise, even though I knew Sam and Julianne were awake and in the kitchen.

After wading through boxes, I opened the door, grinning when I saw Weston jerk his head to the side to get his bangs out of his face. His hair was still wet, and his eyes were a bit puffy. We'd been up late on the phone the night before.

"Smells like they're trying to lure you into the kitchen again," Weston said, leaning over to peck my lips.

"Morning," I said when he pulled away.

His eyes fell to the floor, scanning over the different-sized boxes. "More stuff?"

"More stuff," I said, casting my eyes over the dusty cardboard in awe.

"Weston!" Julianne called. "There is a plate piled with bacon in here!"

He passed me, taking my hand on the way. We walked down a lightly colored hallway and turned to the right, under an arched doorway. Julianne was fond of pale colors and lots of natural light, which made sense, because she embodied sunshine. The entire house was decorated in mostly whites or shades of white, pale blues, and sheer curtains.

On the stove was a pot full of white pepper gravy, and as promised, on the far side of the granite island was a serving dish full of crispy bacon.

"Are you hungry?" Julianne asked, cheerful. She was wearing a yellow-and-blue plaid apron over her pink angora sweater and jeans. Her russet hair bounced and shined like it always did.

Weston looked to me with his big, emerald eyes, because she wasn't speaking to him.

"I'm sorry." I cringed. I hated disappointing her, but I'd never eaten breakfast that I could remember, and it felt weird to eat in the mornings. Gina hadn't cooked for me since I was old enough to make a sandwich, and sleep and the walk to school took priority over cooking eggs, even if Gina had ever bothered to stock the cabinets or fridge with breakfast foods, which she hadn't.

Julianne shrugged, trying to make light of it. "Just take a couple of pieces on your way out, sweetie."

"Did you make...biscuits and gravy?" Weston asked, lifting his chin as he took in the savory smells.

"And sausage," Julianne said, her eyes bright again.

Weston looked to me and then to his watch. "We've got time."

I let my brand-new green backpack fall gently to the floor, and I took a stool at the bar that protruded out from the island. "Yes, we do."

Julianne flipped around, scooped two biscuits off the aluminum sheet pan, and then cut them in half. With a small ladle, she smothered them with gravy.

Weston swallowed, already salivating.

"Doesn't your mom make breakfast?" I asked.

"Sometimes," Weston said. "But she doesn't cook as well as Julianne. I don't know if anyone does."

"Aw," Julianne said. "Flattery will get you everywhere in this house."

I squirmed in my seat. It occurred to me that it wasn't the first time Weston had sat in Julianne's kitchen and eaten her food with her daughter. But it was a different daughter.

"He's right, honey," Sam said. "You're a fantastic cook, and I'm a lucky man." He took a handful of bacon and kissed Julianne on the cheek. "If all goes well, I'll be home around eight. I have a late case."

Julianne nodded and leaned in, offering her cheek to his lips.

Sam walked over to me, leaned over, and kissed my hair. "Have a good day, kiddo." He paused. "Do you have to work tonight?"

I nodded. "I usually work every evening, four to eight."

"That's a lot," Julianne said, unhappy.

Sam nodded to Weston. "Are you picking her up?"

Weston bobbed his head.

"Can I pick you up from work tomorrow?" Sam pushed up his glasses, looking at me expectantly with his naturally puffy eyes.

I glanced at Weston and then nodded.

Sam shrugged. "I'd like to take you out for ice cream."

Everyone in the room gave him a look.

"I'm kidding," he said with a chuckle. "I thought maybe we could have a late dinner?" He looked to his wife for approval.

"Sure," I said, taken a little off guard.

He squeezed my shoulder and then grabbed his jacket, rushing down the hall toward the back door that led to the garage.

"Sam?" Julianne called. "Your purse!" She winked at me.

Sam jogged in and picked up a brown leather bag. "It's not a purse!" he said, exasperated. He disappeared again. Seconds later the back door slammed behind him.

A low hum sounded, signaling the garage door.

Julianne shook her bangs from her eyes. "I have got to get a haircut. It's driving me bananas." She looked at me with excitement in her eyes. "Do you want to come?"

I looked down at my hair, the color nearly identical to Julianne's russet tresses, minus her highlights. I'd braided it because it was still a little moist from my shower the night before. Most of the time I kept it in a bun or ponytail because it just got in the way. Gina had cut it a few times when I was in grade school. The one time I tried to cut it on my own was in the ninth grade, and that was an epic failure, so I had just let it grow. Now, the ends hung right at the middle of my back.

Weston looked to me.

"Uh, sure," I said.

"How short?" Weston asked with a frown.

"As short as she wants," Julianne said, only half kidding.

"Just asking," Weston said, holding up his hands.

"I'll call and make an appointment. When is a good time?"

I shrugged. "Saturday morning?"

"I'll make it happen," she said, rinsing off a skillet.

Weston scooped the last bite of biscuit into his mouth. "Thanks, Julianne. But we better get going too."

"Of course. I'll unpack your things, Erin. You can put them where you want tonight."

"Okay. Thanks," I said, sliding my arms through the straps of my backpack. "See you later."

"I...Have a good day, sweetie."

"You too," I said, following Weston to the front door.

His enormous red Chevy truck was parked by the curb in front of the house, still running. The paint looked freshly waxed, the tires shiny.

"Did you spend some time on the truck yesterday?"

"I've been bored since you moved here. Sharing you is harder than it sounds."

"What did you do before me?" I asked.

I was teasing, but Weston made a strange face. He had spent his time with Alder and their friends. He didn't have to stay away to respect Sam and Julianne's need to get to know their daughter. Now that Alder was gone and he didn't hang out with the same friends, he probably felt a little lost when I was with Sam and Julianne.

Weston opened the passenger-side door for me. "Pretty much the same thing. Wishing I was spending time with you."

I wasn't sure if he was joking or not. He didn't smile.

I climbed in, and Weston ran around to the driver's seat. As soon as he settled in behind the wheel, he held his hand out for mine. When I took it, he tugged on my fingers.

"What?" I asked.

"C'mere," he said, gesturing for me to sit next to him.

I scooted over and buckled the lap belt. He pulled his seat belt across his chest. It clicked, and he put the gear into drive. With his arm resting on the top of the seat behind me, he drove to the high school with one hand. He'd probably driven with one hand a lot when he was with Alder.

Internally, I cringed. Those thoughts had to stop, or I was going to make myself miserable.

When we parked in the student lot and walked together into the south side of the building, fewer people stared than the week before. I still didn't feel comfortable holding hands during school, but sometimes Weston got carried away.

First period was quiet as far as anyone harassing me, which had become the new normal. Brady still shot glances my way, but he was more curious than angry.

Mrs. Merit began the lesson as soon as the bell rang and had gotten through most of her slides on the Smart Board by the time Sara Glenn leaned over.

"What's up with the necklace?" she asked.

"Girls tend to wear jewelry on occasion," I said.

She wasn't deterred. "Weston must have given it to you. You've worn it every day for almost a month."

I ignored her. Answering didn't feel necessary.

"Chrissy North said you moved into Alder's room. Is it haunted?"

"No, and no."

"Brendan said Weston said you've already had sex in her bed."

I narrowed my eyes at her. "Weston wouldn't say that."

"So is it true?"

"That's disgusting."

Her eyebrow arched. "Sex with Weston is disgusting?"

My chest pressed against the table when I leaned toward her. "Don't you get tired of listening to and spreading gossip, Sara? Isn't it exhausting, or is that really all you have to feel important?"

"Ladies?" Mrs. Merit said.

I sat back in my chair and looked down at my book, putting my hands in my lap so Sara couldn't see them trembling. A heavy disappointment came over me for engaging her. What was wrong with me? I was above that. That couldn't change too.

Mrs. Merit read the assignment, and I got to work on the twenty-two questions at the end of the chapter. Sara didn't speak to me again, and I made sure my things were packed ten seconds before the bell rang so I could leave in a hurry.

Weston met me at my locker. He sensed something was wrong. "Did Brady say something to you?"

I shook my head.

"Brendan? Micah? It was Andrew, wasn't it? That little shit stain..."

"No. No one said anything," I said, shoving my bio book into my locker and getting my textbook for next period.

Weston took my chin gently in his hand and turned me to face him. "Tell me."

I closed my eyes. "They're saying awful things." I shook my head. "Awful."

"Like what?" His hand left my chin, and his eyebrows pulled together.

"I don't want to say. I can't...it's awful."

"That we had sex in Alder's bed?" he asked.

I looked up at him. "You've heard?"

"Last week. I'm actually surprised this is the first you've heard of it."

"I'm so sorry. I'm-"

Weston's cheeks flushed with anger, but it wasn't directed at me. "Don't apologize for them, Erin. Feel sorry for them. That's such a twisted and..." His words trailed off. "Whoever had that thought and was sick enough to pass it on to someone else has more problems than gossip. You can't help what they think or say."

"I know. I don't care what they think of me. But that is just...I don't want that to get around to Sam or Julianne."

"I've already told them. They know we would never disrespect them like that."

My mouth fell open. "You've told them? How could you say that to them?"

"It's a small town, Erin. I'd rather they hear it from us, wouldn't you?"

"But they didn't hear it from us. They heard it from you. Why didn't you tell me?"

The more agitated I became, the more nervous Weston was. He swallowed, and his face fell. "You've been through enough."

"Please don't look at me like that."

"Like what?"

"That oh-you-poor-thing look. I get it enough as it is."

"Erin," Weston began, but the bell rang.

"Shit!" I said. I grabbed my things and slammed my locker, half walking, half running to my next class.

Second and third period were a blur. The look on Julianne's face when Weston told her the latest rumor was the only thing my mind could think about. Weston met me at my locker between classes, waiting for me to speak first. When I didn't, he let me walk away.

He was at my locker again before lunch, but I went straight to the cafeteria and ate alone. The other students watched my every bite. I couldn't win. They stared at me when Weston and I were together and when we weren't. The attention was significantly less negative than before the accident, more of just curiosity, but it was still attention I didn't want.

By the time I got to health class, the heaviness was too much, and my emotions were getting the better of me.

Coach Morris handed out a word find and sat at his desk, putting his feet up. I got to work, acutely aware that Weston was staring at the back of my head. I could hear him rummaging through his bag and then taking a puff from his inhaler. His desk creaked a few times when he made several attempts to get comfortable.

His warm fingers touched my back between my shoulder blades, so gently I thought maybe I'd imagined it.

He choked out a whisper. "Please talk to me."

I turned my head toward my shoulder, but didn't turn around. "I don't know what to say."

"Say I'm a jerk for talking to your parents without talking to you first, and then say you don't hate me."

"I don't hate you."

His fingers left my shirt, and I heard him exhale.

I glanced up from under my brow, seeing Coach Morris trying not to stare. After a hasty scan of my peripheral, it was evident that Coach wasn't the only one who had noticed the quiet exchange between Weston and me.

I felt the pull in my chest. It had been weeks since I'd had to fight the urge to cry, but the walls lifted like old friends, and I turned my thoughts to how many scoops of coconut to put in a Hawaiian Blizzard, and how many boxes of cups, spoons, or napkins we would have to stock once the supply truck came. I imagined folding worn, white rags and counting them as I did so. Being inside the Dairy Queen had always been comforting to me. Not only did the work keep my mind occupied, but it's also where I spent time with my closest friend, Frankie. And no matter how many people I came face-to-face with, the screen and window were always between us.

The bell rang, but I was lost inside the walls of the DQ. Weston stood and stopped at my desk, but when I didn't look up, he kept walking. Soon I was the only person left in the room, or so I thought.

"Hey," a voice said.

I looked up. It was Brady Beck. "Are you really living with the Aldermans now?"

I gathered my things and stood, but Brady stepped in my way. "I bet they worry all the time what you're stealing. You might be blood, but you were raised by a druggie."

I just stared at him, refusing to answer.

He gave me a once-over, smug superiority still in his eyes. "Has Weston admitted why he's suddenly so interested in you?"

I remained silent.

"Maybe you should ask him." He walked away.

The fake white marbling in the red tile of the hallway looked like tiny albino snakes slithering in different directions, mostly toward the large glass windows that lined the south wall of the commons area. The chairs bordering the dozen-and-a-half lunch tables that filled the commons were empty, and as I passed the round, glass sphere in the center of the high school that was the library, I decided to forgo my locker and go straight to Spanish, my next class.

Miss Alcorn greeted me when I walked in. I was the first student in the classroom, and likely the only one without my textbook.

"I forgot it at home," I told her, trying to avoid answering later in front of everyone.

"Be sure to bring it tomorrow. You'll definitely need it."

I dipped my head once and then tried rubbing out the knots in my neck. Barely ten minutes into class, Micah Norton tore off a tiny piece of notebook paper and threw it onto my bare desk.

"Did Weston dump you already? He's been attached to your hip, and I haven't seen you together all day."

I didn't turn around.

"Easter," he whispered.

It was the first time someone had called me that since word got out that I wasn't Gina's daughter. It felt derogatory. It always had.

I still didn't turn around. Micah didn't have his friends there to encourage him to harass me, so if I ignored him, he usually gave up. There were three types of bullies: those like Sara, who were more passive-aggressive than anything, and usually only when they were having a bad day. Others, like Micah or Andrew, only gave me grief when there were other people to join in, and then there were bullies like Brady and Brendan, who didn't care who was around. When they decided to target someone, the torment wouldn't stop until they had somehow broken their prey.

I had read a handful of books and articles on bullying, and how girls usually targeted one another, but in my school, it was the boys who were the worst. They relished the power that came with intimidation. Many times the level and length of cruelty depended on how many others would join in the attack. No one was safe. It was random and always sudden and ruthless. The best protection was to befriend the bullies and join in. The cycle was vicious and predictable, the only cure being graduation, and I knew I was just one of many desperate for the last day of school.

My indifference coupled with Miss Alcorn's zero-tolerance policy on harassment likely were two factors in Micah giving up quickly. A familiar relief came, but it was also unsettling. I felt out of practice, even after just a few weeks of not having to feel so guarded. Thankfully, Micah left me alone for the remainder of class.

By the time I saw Weston in art class, he was a nervous wreck. He sat on his stool that he'd moved to my table, his knee bobbing up and down in anticipation.

"Why are you avoiding me?" he blurted out.

"I'm not," I said, keeping my voice down, hoping he would do the same.

Mrs. Cup swept into the room, quick to threaten us if we went anywhere except straight to the old pizza place next to the mural we had been working on.

"Who doesn't have a ride?" Mrs. Cup asked.

Weston looked at me with worried eyes.

Only two students raised their hands.

"You can ride with me, or you can hitch a ride with someone else. Let me know now," Mrs. Cup said, waiting for the two students to decide.

Weston didn't take his eyes from mine. "Can I take you?"

Walking out to the parking lot, Weston offered his hand, testing the waters. The only people outside were the other art students and Mrs. Cup, so it was less awkward than before or after school, but I could feel tension radiating from his fingers the moment we touched.

As soon as his door slammed, he took a breath. "I'm sorry, Erin. I thought I was doing the right thing. I was trying to protect you. I can see now that it was stupid to talk to them without talking to you first." He waited for me to respond, clearly bracing himself for an argument.

"I'll get over it." I wasn't angry. I wasn't sure what I was, but it was weird for someone to be so...apologetic toward me.

A line formed between his eyebrows, and he turned to face forward, slamming the gear into reverse. He was unhappy with my response, and quiet, lost in thought while he drove to the vacant lot of the former pizza place. Everyone else was already standing at the brick wall, getting supplies out and ready when he pulled in and parked.

"This is new for me too, Erin," Weston said. "I didn't care if Alder dumped me. I didn't worry every night that when she left for college, I might never see her again. All of these bizarre, awful, amazing things are happening to you, and it would be completely understandable if you said you didn't have time to try to make this work with me...and I'm crazy about you, Erin. Do you have any idea how much that freaks me out?"

"You wanna talk about being freaked out? You already know that my mom is a good cook, because you've already dated her daughter. You've probably had sex in the room I sleep in. You know my house and my parents better than I do. I'm living someone else's life, Weston. So tell me more about how you're afraid of getting dumped."

I gasped and covered my mouth. He exhaled like I'd just punched him in the gut.

"Oh my God, I'm so sorry I said that." My hands muffled my shrill words.

He shook his head, rubbing his bottom lip with his index finger. "There are no rules for this. I might have deserved that. I don't even know."

"Nobody deserves that. Your feelings are just as important as mine. We've both been through a lot. I'm sorry," I said, reaching for him.

He switched off the ignition and turned to pull the door handle. A jolt of fear went through me.

The door opened just a few inches, and then he paused. He turned and wrapped me in his arms. The tears I'd been holding in all day finally escaped in streams down my cheeks.

Mrs. Cup rapped on the driver's side window, and we both turned to see the top of her head. Weston pushed open his door.

"Come on, you two. You've got work to do."

I wiped my eyes with my sleeves, nodding.

When we climbed out of the truck with our paints and brushes and walked over to the wall, several pairs of eyes glared at us. If we had been anyone else, detention or at least a stern talking-to would have ensued. There was something about being an Alderman, or a Gates, or a Masterson, or a Beck. Rules didn't seem to apply to people with those last names. Not in Blackwell.

Chapter 2

FRANKIE PRACTICALLY MASSAGED THE SOFT SERVE INTO THE blue-and-red cup in her hands. Even though she filled it with the perfect amount of ice cream and then tossed in the precise amount of strawberry sauce and bananas, she was absently chatting away about her kids and their weekend.

"I woke up with not only gum in my hair, but also two boogers and a Popsicle stick. I mean, only me, right?"

My eyebrow arched, and she shrugged, dipping a waffle cone in chocolate dip cone sauce. She stared at it for a moment until she was sure the chocolate was dry, and then shook the Blizzard concoction inside the cone without even a smear of white on the chocolate.

"Will you ever tell me your Blizzard waffle-cone-making secrets?" I asked.

"What's the point? You'll be leaving me soon."

I frowned. "I still have four months, thank you very much."

Frankie held the cone out the drive-through window and then slid the glass shut. "You don't need the money anymore, Erin. Go be a kid. Enjoy the rest of your senior year."

I made a face. "I haven't worked this long to have to ask someone for money."

"They're your parents, Erin. That's what kids do. And it's okay. You deserve it."

"I understand what you're trying to say. I still don't want to depend on someone else for money. Not even Sam and Julianne. Besides, I may or may not miss you."

"Aw," she said, flipping the OPEN sign. "I hate you."

"I hate you too."

The sound of Weston's Chevy rumbled behind the shop while we restocked and cleaned.

"I kind of miss you turning me down for rides," Frankie said.

"I kind of miss you barely asking because you know I'll say no."

"Why do you let him and you never let me?" she asked, wiping down the soft-serve machine.

"He lets me drive," I said with a smile.

She held out her hands and let them fall to her thighs. "You could have driven my piece-of-crap Taurus! All you had to do was ask!"

I chuckled as I followed her out of the storeroom. "'Night, Frankie."

"Good-night, Erin. Hi, Weston!" she said with a wave.

Weston waved back to Frankie, and then looked down to me, his elbow resting against the red paint of his door. "What?"

His maroon-and-white baseball cap was turned backward, pieces of his brown hair peeking out. He'd already had a shower, and I imagined his Old Spice body wash-which was now my favorite smell-would probably hit my nose the second I climbed into my seat.

His cheeks were flushed, and his slightly pointy nose was still a little shiny from being freshly scrubbed. The pair of emerald pools that sat within those long, dark lashes smoldered against his tanned skin.

I used to steal glances of him as often as I could, and now I could stare at him for as long as I wanted. He'd said a few times now that he loved me, and it wasn't a recent epiphany. Weston Gates had loved me since we were kids, and all that time I probably loved him too. I just didn't recognize it for what it was because I couldn't. There was no hope then. And there he was, sitting high above me in his jacked-up truck, the glasspacks announcing to the world that he was at the Dairy Queen to pick me up from work, and it was becoming a normal thing. For us and everyone else in our tiny town.

"You're not going to say sorry again for earlier, are you?" he asked, clearly not wanting to rehash it.

"No, I was kind of hoping we could stop out at the overpass before you take me home."

He beamed. "Oh yeah?" Before I could answer, he disappeared, leaning over to pull the handle of the passenger-side door and push it open. His face popped back into view. "Hop in, babe. I've got a Fanta Orange in a cooler in the back with your name on it."

I walked around and climbed in. "You're so romantic."

He pulled me closer to him and rested his hand on my thigh. "You're welcome," he said with a teasing smirk.

After a quick peck on my cheek, he pressed on the gas and pulled out onto Main Street, making a quick left to head to the overpass. Our overpass, as he called it.

The truck hadn't been in park for ten minutes, but we were already skin to skin in the bed of his truck. I sensed hesitation as he kissed me, and I pulled back to look him in the eye.

"What's up with you?" I asked.

"Nothing."

"Liar."

"Uh...this is embarrassing," he said with a nervous chuckle.

"What's embarrassing?"

"And really inappropriate. I should have said something sooner."

"Oh God. What?" I thought of the worst possible scenarios, so that no matter what he said, it couldn't be as bad as I had imagined.

"So, after practice today, I get a text from Julianne."

"Okay?"

"Sam had some time before his late case, and they invited me over to chat. They"-he cringed-"had the talk with me."

"What talk?"

"About us. About this. About protection and-"

"Oh God! Oh no!" I said, rolling out from under him. I sat up and slipped my shirt over my head. "Please, no. Don't tell me."

He was amused, not at all concerned that my parents had spoken to him about our sex life. "They just wanted to make sure I wasn't taking advantage of your situation, and that we were, you know, being careful. They know you want to go to college, and they didn't want me screwing that up."

I covered my face with both hands.

"Do you want to know what Sam said to me?"

I shook my head. "Not really, no."

"He said"-Weston lowered his voice to mimic Sam's-"'if you're not going to marry her, then keep your hands off another man's future.'"

"Oh. Wow. Stop."

"So I said, 'Fine. Do I have your blessing to ask her?'"

"That's not funny."

Weston busted out laughing. "He said, 'No!'" He shook his head and flung his arms, imitating a very flustered Sam. "I was just messing with him."

I squinted one eye. "Please tell me you didn't admit anything."

"I did. I confirmed."

I hung my head. "That we were having sex? Or that we're using protection? I'm guessing both?"

"Correct."

I stood up and dressed. Weston didn't seem happy about it, but he didn't argue.

"Are you in a hurry to get home now?"

"Well, yeah, since now they know what we've been up to. Every minute longer I'm gone after work, they're more sure that we're out...This is bad. So embarrassing."

"We're not in middle school anymore. We're consenting adults."

"Who still live at home." I groaned. "How am I going to look them in the eye when I get back?"

"They're not naive. They already knew."

"But I didn't know they knew."

"You're confusing me."

"I don't want them to think I'm a bad person."

"You're not. And they don't," he quipped, looking away. He was holding something back.

"You're being weird. What aren't you telling me?" I asked.

He shrugged, clearly uncomfortable with what he was about to say. "They knew about Alder and me. They weren't thrilled, but they didn't freak out."

"I'm sorry I asked."

"Me too," he grumbled.

We took our Fantas to the cab of the truck and rode home in near silence. Once we pulled into the drive, I peeked at the house as if there were a monster waiting inside.

"They're not going to yell at you."

"I'm not used to all this pressure, or worrying about what parents think of me, or disappointing someone. It's stressful."

"Welcome to my life...and pretty much everyone else's," he said with a nudge and a wink.

I climbed down to the concrete, and Weston handed me my backpack. "Why did you put your apron back on?"

"I don't know. Not coming home with it on feels like the equivalent of having my shirt on backward."

"Good thinking. I'm going home and taking a cold shower."

"If Julianne and Sam are waiting at the kitchen table when I walk in to talk about periods or something, I'm blaming you."

Weston threw his head back and laughed. "It's just part of that catching you up you get to do."

My mouth pulled to the side. "It used to baffle me how ungrateful Alder was to have them. Now listen to me. I'm lucky they're not sitting in there with a case of beer, cussing at me to bring them cigarettes."

"There is no right way to do this, Erin. Stop putting so much pressure on yourself."

I nodded and slid the nylon strap over my shoulder, smiling when the Chevy didn't pull away from the curb until I had a foot in the front door. I started to walk up the stairs but noticed the kitchen light was on.

"Erin?" Julianne called, her voice shaky.

I left my backpack at the foot of the stairs and walked down the hall, leaning against the doorjamb. Julianne was sitting at the island on the first stool, her hair pulled back into a tiny ponytail at the nape of her neck. She was wearing one of Sam's T-shirts and navy-blue lounge pants. She was babysitting a coffee mug, but the liquid inside was milky brown, with a pile of marshmallows floating on top.

"How was school and work?" she asked.

I pulled my apron strap over my head and tugged at the knot at the small of my back, untying it with one hand. I rolled it up and shrugged.

"Both good, actually. How was your day?"

"Good. A bit boring. I cleaned the house, and by that I mean put the breakfast dishes in the dishwasher and took out the trash, because Sam's kind of a clean freak, as you might have guessed. And then I watched Days of Our Lives. That EJ is a beautiful, evil genius. I wish he and Sami would get their crap together."

I wasn't sure who EJ and Sami were, but she seemed irritated by their lack of togetherness.

"I could help with the dishes and trash. If you just show me what buttons to push on the dishwasher. I've never used one before, but it can't be that hard."

Julianne waved me away. "Please. I barely have enough to keep me busy as it is."

"Have you thought about going back to work?"

She looked at the fridge, but wasn't really looking at it. "At the clinic? I don't know. I've been a stay-at-home mom so long...Alder always seemed to have a lot for me to do. Now I don't really have that much..." Her eyes focused. "Oh, Erin, I didn't mean anything by that. I would never compare you to her. I'm going to stop talking now." She covered her eyes with her long, elegant fingers. Her nails were perfectly filed and polished with a pale mauve.

I walked over and sat down on the stool next to her. "You can talk about Alder. You raised her. You loved her. It doesn't hurt my feelings or anything."

Julianne clasped her hands together and leaned her cheek on her wrist, staring at me while shaking her head. "I know you said you've raised yourself, Erin. May I say you did a fantastic job?"

I smiled.

She slid something over to me, and I looked down. It was a smartphone.

"Sam charged it, so it's ready to go, but the charger is plugged into the outlet behind the nightstand in your room. The number is on the sticky on the back."

I turned it over to read the seven digits written in Sam's scribble on a Post-it strip.

"It's mine?"

"We'd feel better if you'd carry it."

"How much is it? I mean the phone and the monthly bill."

"We just put it on the family plan. We'll take care of it."

"Thank you, but I-"

Julianne put her hand on mine, and her eyes turned soft. "It's just a phone, Erin. We wanted to."

"O-okay. Thank you."

"Would you like some hot chocolate?"

"I'm going to take a shower and head to bed, if you don't mind."

"Oh, of course," she said, making a show of being unoffended.

The stool grated across the tile when I scooted it back to stand. Just when I reached the doorway, Julianne spoke again.

"We, uh...we talked to Weston today about something. I'm not sure if he told you or not, but we decided too late that it was a little too personal and a little too late in the game for us to be prying."

I kept my back to her and closed my eyes.

"I'm sorry if we overstepped our bounds. We might be going a little overboard, trying to make up for lost time. Sam and I talked about it earlier. We're going to work really hard on not invading your privacy. It must be particularly difficult when you didn't have that...oversight before."

I turned around. "It's embarrassing," I admitted. "I'm not used to it. I'm feeling a little pressure, but I don't know. It's kind of nice that you cared enough to harass him about it."

Three wrinkles formed on Julianne's forehead when both her brows lifted. "Oh, okay. Well...good-night, sweetheart."

"Good-night."

"Erin?"

"Yeah?" I said, poking my head back into the doorway.

"Would it make you uncomfortable if I said that I love you? You don't have to say it back."

"I don't think it would make me uncomfortable."

She smiled. "I love you."

It was so surreal that I didn't mind returning the sentiment. "I love you too, Julianne."

I walked down the hall and could hear her sniffling as I climbed the stairs.

The pastel letters on Alder's door were gone, and I stopped in front of her door. The entire second floor was dark, but there was enough light from downstairs to see what was missing.

I wondered if they were in a box amid a bunch of boxes in Alder's room, or if Sam and Julianne had left everything the way it was. I put my hand on the knob, but thought better of it and dragged my bag down the hallway to my bedroom.

Stacks of new clothes had been laundered, folded, and placed on top of the perfectly made bed that was now covered with the duvet cover I'd chosen. It was white, with pale-green horizontal stripes across it. By Julianne's subtle reaction, I could tell it wasn't the fanciest she'd seen, but I'd already gone through three catalogs, and it was the first one I liked after I grew tired of looking. And it was green. Green was kind of my new thing, to go along with my new boyfriend, new house, new parents, and new life.

I packed away the clothes that Julianne hadn't hung up in the closet into the dresser drawers and took a shower. The steam filled the entire bathroom, and I lingered so long that my fingers began to wrinkle.

After taking my time through my nighttime routine, I crawled into bed and took in a deep breath. The house was so quiet at night. No bass humming through the walls. No loud television. Just the light hum of the ceiling fan and the intermittent, low hum of the central heat and air blowing through the ducts.

Just as I began to drift off to sleep, I heard Sam's deep voice murmuring to Julianne in their bedroom downstairs. Within minutes I heard quiet footsteps up the stairs, and then my door opened. I lifted my head to see them both looking at me.

"Sorry," Sam whispered. "Just checking on ya. Habit."

"It's okay," I said, laying my head back on the pillow as the door creaked closed. I lay there, thinking about how many nights they'd peeked through the door that no longer had the pastel letters hanging from it, and how strange it must be for them to open this one to check on a different girl.

A peculiar sensation came over me, a strong feeling that I didn't belong in that house. For the first time since I'd left Gina's, I missed the ugly, matted shag carpet and the lopsided fan in my bedroom. The walls in this room weren't scuffed or peeling, and the carpet was too clean. The fixtures in the bathroom weren't dripping or caked with some kind of scum, and the dresser drawers didn't whine when I opened them. It smelled like Downy dryer sheets and a clean, sophisticated smell unique to Sam and Julianne. The bed was too comfortable. The sheets too soft.

I didn't belong with Gina, and I didn't fit into Alder's life. There wasn't enough time to try. The hot chocolate suddenly sounded fantastic, but I didn't want to wake the other two people who lived in the house. A fleeting thought crossed my mind that I sort of wished they drank too much or got high so I could walk around in the middle of the night if I wanted, but then I felt so guilty for it, I could barely stand to be in my own skin.

Chapter 3

"WHAT IS THAT?" Weston asked as we walked toward the Chevy.

I turned to see him pointing at my backside. Like a dog chasing its tail, I made a three-sixty in the the front yard, trying to see what he was pointing at.

He chuckled and stopped me, pulling the smartphone from my back pocket.

"This."

"Oh. Julianne gave it to me last night."

"It's a phone."

"I know."

"Does it work?"

"I think so. I haven't turned it on."

He handed it back to me with a smirk on his face. "You haven't turned it on? Why not?"

I shrugged and proceeded to the truck. "I didn't have time to read the directions. I don't know how."

After Weston and I settled into our seats and buckled our seat belts, he held out his hand. I took it. Then he held out his other hand.

I frowned. "Are we making a secret handshake?"

His amusement turned into a full-blown cackle. "The phone, Erin! Give me your phone so I can give you the crash course."

I handed it over, and he instructed me on how to turn it on, add contacts, and send text messages. He even added a couple of songs and showed me how to listen to them.

"The most important thing during school is this," he said, flipping a tiny switch on the side with the little bit of thumbnail he had. "It makes your ringer silent. You can change your ring tone if you want. I can show you that later."

"Why?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. It's just something people do to make it their own. You don't have to if you don't want to, but you should definitely keep it on silent. If your ringer goes off during class, you might get your phone taken away."

"Who's going to call me during school?"

"I might text you if I knew your number." He tapped the screen twice and then grabbed his phone, punching in more numbers. "Never mind. Got it."

I took back the phone. "Maybe I didn't want you to have it," I teased, but then realization dawned on me, and I felt a little sad. "You're probably the only person who'll use it." The phone buzzed in my hand, and I looked down. It was a text message.

Weston leaned over and showed me how to open it.

It's Sam (Dad). Don't forget about dinner. See you tonight. Have a good day at school.

Will do, I typed back, and let the phone fall in my lap. The corners of my mouth curled up.

"Who was it?" Weston asked, clearly unhappy about the look on my face.

"Sam," I said. "He was reminding me about dinner tonight."

"Oh yeah," he said, his brows still furrowed. He drove away from our neighborhood toward the school. He seemed lost in thought, using his signal and going the speed limit like he'd done a hundred times before. But he didn't say anything else until we parked in the student lot and walked inside.

This time he didn't try to hold my hand. He put his arm around me, walked me to my locker, and kissed my hair.

"See you after class," he said, walking away. The juniors and sophomores who had lockers along the same unit stared at me, surprised at the unusual show of affection.

I put my backpack in my locker, grabbed my bio textbook, and headed to class. My table was empty when I arrived, but then so were several others. I was early, so it was a good time to put my homework on Mrs. Merit's desk. Thinking ahead and doing things in a way that would draw the least amount of attention was a part of me. It would probably always be.

Just as I returned to my chair, Brady Beck strolled in and sat in Sara Glenn's seat across from me. Instinct had me recoiling, and then I was immediately embarrassed that I did so.

He seemed to enjoy it. "Did you ask him?"

"Ask who what?"

"Weston. Why he's so interested in you all of a sudden."

"We've already talked about all of that."

"Then he didn't tell you the truth."

"Why don't you just say what you want me to hear, and we can be through with it?"

Brady's eyes sparkled with the many things playing out behind them. He was considering his options, what he wanted to say, and whether the outcome would be what he wanted.

"Nah," he said, pushing back the chair and standing up. He sat down in his own chair, still staring at me. "You can take the girl out of the trailer park..."

I looked down at my phone and pressed the button Weston showed me to push. His name was on the screen, and I smiled, knowing he'd put his number into my contacts. It was nice to have a short conversation with him to keep me distracted while the class filled with sleepy students.

"Did the Aldermans get you that?" Brady asked.

The dozen or so students who had filtered in and sat down all turned to look at me.

I didn't look up.

"What does it feel like to benefit from the death of someone else?"

I still didn't respond.

"I can't believe they're just letting you take over her life like that, as if she never existed."

I pressed different buttons on my phone, anything to distract myself.

"Julianne has never been that smart-"

"Shut your fucking mouth!" The words pushed from my throat before I could stop them. My ribs were pressed against the table, my palms flat against the many inscriptions that past and present students had carved into the black, slate surface.

Brady sat back with smug satisfaction unlike anything I'd seen on his face before. He knew now how to get to me. I'd exposed my weakness, and he would undoubtedly exploit it every chance he got.

Sara's eyes drifted behind me, and I turned around. Mrs. Merit had heard my vulgar outburst, and I awaited punishment.

"Open your books to page two hundred and eighty-three," she said, walking behind her desk.

During the break between second and third periods, Weston came to my locker with a very different look on his face than he had that morning on the way to school. His cheeks were red, and he was breathing fast.

"What did Brady say to you?" he asked.

I shook my head. "It doesn't matter."

"It matters. I heard he said you were happy that Alder died, and that you were benefiting from her death, and that he also mouthed off about Julianne, and you freaked out in class. Is any of that true?"

"Close enough."

"Why didn't you tell me?" he asked, a little hurt.

"Are you upset?"

"No, I'm pissed off. I'm bordering on rage."

"That's why."

He shifted. "Why let him get away with it, Erin? Why keep letting him treat you that way? He should get a fist in the face, his ass kicked, trip and fall face-first...something. People like that don't just get to treat people like trash and go on with their life with no repercussions."

"Didn't you say the other day to feel sorry for them?"

"Brady makes it really hard to feel anything toward him but extreme loathing. It's not just you. What about that impression he does of Annie Black every time she motors by in her wheelchair? What about Jenny Squires?"

"What about her?"

"She was the boys' basketball manager just one season, because every night after an away game, she had to wash Brady's snot out of her hair. He'd sit behind her, no matter where she was on the bus, and hock loogies in her hair. As many as he could clear out of his throat until we pulled into the school parking lot."

"If you knew about it, why didn't you say anything?"

Weston looked wounded. "You're right. I should have done something. A lot of somethings. Especially for you."

"You did."

"Ten years too late. Just like Frankie said."

"Better than never. You can't save the world. I'm just curious, if you saw it and were so against it, why did you let it go on?"

He looked down. "Maybe I'm a coward."

"You're not a coward."

"Maybe I was until now."

Brady walked by and whistled his disapproval. "Still slummin' it, Gates."

Weston grabbed Brady by the T-shirt and turned, slamming his back against the locker next to mine.

I flinched and stepped back. Brady's eyes grew wide, and in that split second, it was like we were both wondering the same thing: what Weston would do next.

"If Karma won't kick your ass, I will," Weston seethed, with a tiny hint of a wheeze.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" Brady yelled.

I touched Weston's arm, taking a quick glance to see if any teachers were coming.

"Weston?" I said, trying to keep my voice calm. "Weston. Let him go."

Weston's wild eyes slowly relaxed, and he released the two fistfuls of T-shirt in his hands.

"If and when his behavior catches up with him, that's his Karma. How we react is ours."

Weston's breathing slowed, and his shoulders relaxed.

Brady walked off quickly, straightening his shirt and rocking his neck from side to side, as if he would or even could retaliate. All he had were his words, and even he knew it. That was why he used them so viciously.

Students had only paused for a moment, thinking a fight was about to break out, but it had ended so quickly, no one had time to congregate and draw more attention. Like nothing had ever happened, everyone walked to class, passing one another like two opposing rivers, taking the same path every day without knowing why.

"Sorry," he said. "Lost my temper."

The wheezing that had been barely audible before was more prominent. Weston worked a little harder to pull in a breath.

"Do you have your inhaler?" I asked.

He nodded, pulled it from his pocket, shook the palm-sized container, and squeezed, taking a puff. He kissed my forehead and then walked away without uttering anything more, except for a cough halfway down the hall.

Through the glass surrounding the library, I saw a few students staring at me. I shook my head and made my way to class. Within the walls of our high school were the weak, the sad, the pompous, and the proud, all flying down the same road at a hundred miles an hour to an end for which we weren't ready. Students who were barely able to remember to bring their coats home from school were waiting to be unleashed into the world as adults.

Part of me was glad that I'd had to fend for myself for so long. Without their mothers nearby, most of my classmates had no clue how to balance their checkbook or even how much Tylenol to take and how often. In school we were babied, scolded, and told when to eat. We even had to raise our hands for permission to go to the bathroom. In just a few short weeks we would be free to rack up credit cards and student loans, or to sign contracts for an apartment we might not be able to afford, because we were taught how to learn, but not how to live.

That was one small thing I could always appreciate about my upbringing, and yet I still wouldn't wish it on anyone else. I would never get my childhood back. In many ways I had always been the adult, and it was hard to adjust to having parents and now a boyfriend who wanted so much to take care of me.

My thoughts faded away as the posters taped to the wall drew my attention. Decorated in glitter, the posters had letters that spelled out things like FIRE AND ICE BALL and TICKETS ON SALE! By the excited chatter in the halls, it was obvious that prom was quickly approaching, as was graduation and summer. The energy in the hallways was nearing its peak.

Settling into my desk, I thought about Weston and the sound he made when he tried to breathe. I didn't know a lot about asthma, but Weston didn't make a big deal out of it either.

I pulled my phone from my pocket, looked up my messages, and clicked on his name. That seemed like the easiest way to go about it.

The bell rang, but I kept the phone in my lap and tapped the screen anyway.

Feeling better?

:) Hey. Yeah? Why?

Just checking. You were kinda wheezing earlier.

Nah. ;)

;)

The phone slid smoothly back into my pocket, and the exhilaration of breaking the rules came over me as Mr. Barrows began his lesson. I'd seen so many people do it before and couldn't for the life of me figure out why they would risk getting in trouble, their phone taken away, or detention. It was clear to me in that moment why they did it, and it had nothing to do with the text message itself.

I promised myself I wouldn't do it again, but that wasn't the only promise I would break that day.

Chapter 4

FRANKIE WIPED THE CHOCOLATE SYRUP on her apron and swore, promptly covering her mouth. "Oops."

"As long as you don't do it with the speaker on," I said with a wink.

"I'm feeling a little off today."

"Nervous?"

"About what?" she asked, even though she knew exactly what I meant.

"Did you forget about your date with Mark?"

"I did, actually, thanks for reminding me," she said, pretending to check something on top of the shelf on the wall next to the drive-through window.

"You're such a liar."

She gasped. "Rude!"

I giggled, and then Frankie laughed. After trying to stop laughing for a full minute, we both began to cackle. A thunderstorm had rolled through an hour before, and the rain had Main Street sparkling under the streetlights.

"I'm so glad the days are longer," Frankie said after wiping her smeared mascara. "Gives me time to play with the kids when I get off work."

"Does Mark know you have kids?" I asked.

"What is your obsession with Mark?" she teased. "Probably. He's only lived here a couple of months, and I'm sure everyone at Kay Electric has given him my credit score and sexual history by now. Just kidding. Not really."

"Didn't Barbara send him your way?" I asked. Barbara was in billing at Kay Electric, and Frankie made her laugh every time she came through the drive-through. The weekend before, Barbara came through on her way home and told Frankie all about Mark, the new lineman from Alabama. He was cute and sweet and single, and he loved to laugh. Barbara asked Frankie if she could give him her number, and to everyone's surprise, Frankie wrote her number on a napkin and held it out the window.

Three phone calls later, Frankie agreed to a first date. She had been dropping and spilling things and messing up orders all evening. Even Weston noticed when he visited for a few minutes after practice.

She looked at her watch. "Welp. That's closing time, kiddo. How do I look?" She was rocking her curves in a newer pair of capri jeans and a purple plaid button-up shirt.

"Covered in chocolate, which I bet he'll like."

She laughed and pulled off her apron. "Thanks, Erin. Have a good dinner with your...Sam."

"I will. I'll have a fantastic dinner with my Sam." I smiled. I liked the sound of that.

I could hear Sam's Range Rover idling on the other side of the back door before I opened it. He smiled bright when our eyes met, and I waved to Frankie before climbing into the passenger seat.

"I ran off and forgot my purse again," he joked. "Mind if we stop by the house before we grab dinner? My phone's in it."

"Sure," I said.

Sam pulled onto the road, and we drove south. The first minute or two was quiet, and then Sam cleared his throat. "You can change the station if you want."

"This is fine."

"How was work?"

"Uneventful for the most part. Weston stopped by. Frankie has a date tonight."

"Julianne wanted to call during the storm. I assured her you wouldn't be too scared." He chortled to himself, but then looked to me when I didn't respond. "I'm sorry. Were you? Should we have called?"

"No, I like storms."

Sam nodded, relieved. "I do too. Julianne, not so much. We got a dog once so when I wasn't home and it was storming, Julianne had a buddy, but it wasn't meant to be. It aggravated Sonny's asthma."

"You mean Weston's?"

Sam thought about that for a moment and then conceded. "You have a point. The dander would have triggered his asthma too. Back then, though, we saw Sonny nearly every day. For a long time, Weston only came over if Peter and Veronica forced him to play with the girls."

"Sonny had asthma?"

"You didn't know?" Sam asked.

I shook my head.

"I suppose that shouldn't surprise me. She denied it as much as Weston does."

"He doesn't talk about it much."

"He works pretty hard to impress you. I've never seen him act like this." Sam said, lost in thought for a moment before snapping back to the present. "Anyway, since Sonny was over at the house so much, we decided to get rid of...huh. I can't even remember its name."

We pulled up to the curb, and I waited. It didn't occur to me that Sam hadn't pulled into the drive until I saw Julianne standing next to another vehicle. Not her white G-Wagon, but a red BMW. With a big, white bow on top.

Sam got out and walked around to my side of the Range Rover.

"This isn't happening," I whispered before he opened the door.

I stepped out. Sam and Julianne were both beaming.

"We've missed a few birthdays and Christmases," Sam said.

"Graduation is coming up too," Julianne said.

I pointed to the shiny red paint. "Is this for me?"

Sam held up a small, black remote with a few silver buttons. "It's not the same as holding up keys, but this goes to your new car. We hope you like red."

I choked on my own spit. "Do I like-? You're joking."

They both shook their heads, and I did the same.

Their smiles fell away, and Julianne held out her hands, walking toward me.

"Please let us do this. I'm not even sure who came up with the idea. Both of us, I think."

Sam nodded in agreement.

Julianne continued, her voice shaking. "And you need a car, honey. You're eighteen, and you work hard, and...you should have a vehicle."

Their faces and then the car began to blur. Before I could stop the tears from pouring over and spilling out, my cheeks were already wet.

Julianne's lips trembled, and she began to cry too, quickly covering her mouth.

Sam wrapped his arms around me. "Please let us do this for you."

"I don't know how to even accept something like this. This just gets crazier every day, but in the best possible way. Not because of the things. It's not the things." The words came out funny and muffled, and I wasn't sure if they could even understand me.

Sam put the remote in my hand and then hugged me to his side. "It's a year old, excellent condition, and it has a nine point one safety rating. The keys are inside that remote. It's a push-button start. I filled up the tank and checked the fluids myself. Will you drive us to dinner? I can show you what all the buttons do."

I shook my head again. "I don't think I should. I don't have a lot of experience driving, and-"

"You drive Weston's truck sometimes, don't you?" Julianne asked.

I nodded.

"I need a ride to dinner before I starve to death." Sam was trying to tease me as gently as he could, clearly trying to lighten the mood.

I wiped my eyes and looked to Julianne. "Have you had dinner?"

She nodded. "Go spend some time with your..."

"My Sam," I said.

Sam liked it too.

My face fell. "I don't mean to sound ungrateful. This...Thank you. Thank you so much. This is amazing. It just feels too amazing. It's kind of scaring me a little. I feel the better things get, the worse it's going to feel when it all goes away. Not the things. I don't mean the things."

Julianne held my cheeks with both hands. "You're our daughter, and we bought our daughter a car. That's all. It's not wrong. It's not to set you up for disappointment. It's just a car."

"It's not just a car." I looked back at the candy-red BMW sitting in the drive and then down at the remote in my hand. I really had a car. I could drive myself to school. To work. To college. To the grocery store. To the Laundromat, if I still had to go there. I didn't, but I could drive there if I did. "You don't know what this means to me. I don't think I could explain it to you."

"You don't know what you mean to us," Julianne said.

I pressed my lips together. "I'm really nervous about driving it."

They laughed, and Julianne snapped dozens of pictures while Sam went over the basics, and then she waved as I very slowly backed out of the drive.

"You're doing great," Sam said as I pulled up on the signal lever and turned right.

"I'm going to wake up any minute," I said, shaking my head. "This is just too wonderful to be real."

Sam chuckled. "I'm glad you like it. It's a relief. We were afraid you wouldn't like it and be upset."

I thought about what it must have been like for them to see disappointment in Alder's eyes when they gave her a car on her sixteenth birthday. At the next stop sign, I made sure to look Sam directly in the eyes.

"You didn't have to get me anything. The way you've been so accepting and understanding is more than I could ever ask for. But this is absolutely incredible. I love it. I can't thank you enough."

Sam's smile stretched wide, and he settled back into his seat. "I can't wait to tell Julianne you said that. She'll be so happy."

I pressed my foot on the gas, and the car that wasn't just a car responded immediately, taking us to the restaurant.

When we arrived, it took nearly ten minutes for me to park, and then Sam instructed me how to turn off the ignition and lock up. He walked me across the parking lot and reached to open the door, but it swung open before he could.

The Mastersons stepped out, and Carolyn audibly gasped. Her platinum hair, thin and sparse from years of bleaching, was pulled loosely back into a low bun, her white, crisp collar popped up in the back and folded down in the front. When her mouth opened, her entire face shifted with it, as if the skin were so tight, it all had to move as a unit. She was nearly skeletal, but her husband, Harry, was round and breathed heavy, just from the walk from their table to the door. Unlike Carolyn, Harry couldn't trouble himself to make any expression at all. Only his eyes moved to see whom she was reacting to.

Sam cupped my shoulders, and the air between us was immediately tense. "Hi, Harry. Carolyn."

Carolyn collected herself and then arched one brow, looking me over like Sam had plucked me straight from the city dump and into the privilege of her presence.

"So she's living with you now?" Carolyn asked, her voice breathy and full of disdain.

"Not now, Carolyn," Sam said, encouraging me into the glass double doors.

Just as I took a step forward, Carolyn took a step to stand in front of the door.

"Do you have any idea what we've been through, Sam?" she seethed.

"I'm really not comfortable discussing this in front of Erin, Carolyn. Please," he said, gesturing for her to step aside.

She didn't. "I am devastated. Julianne is my best friend, and I treated Alder like a daughter. Do you know how sick and twisted this all is? I can't even talk to Julianne about it because you have your new family now, and she doesn't want negativity. Is she kidding me?"

My brow furrowed.

Harry stood there, stoic.

Sam glanced down to me and then back to her. "Julianne's right. Our priority is Erin, and it's not a good idea for you to be around her, considering..." He hugged me to his side. "I'm truly sorry, Carolyn. But I won't discuss this now. We've all been through a lot, and now just isn't the time."

We went through a second set of doors and were greeted by the host. The walls were covered in bright paint and detailed murals, and the speakers played a Spanish tune just loud enough to be heard over the low murmuring of the patrons. Dozens of heads turned to see Sam and I walking down the aisle to the end booth.

Sam shifted nervously as the waiter took our drink orders and then leaned in to speak. "I'm so sorry about Carolyn. I didn't know they would be here. They've been fairly private since the girls passed away."

"Understandable."

"Julianne and Carolyn disagree about our choices."

"That must be very hard for Carolyn," I said.

Sam paused, surprised at my comment, and then chuckled. "Yes, well, I'm sure it is. Julianne is usually very...amicable. Carolyn isn't used to being ignored. As I'm sure you could sense, it's a bit tense between us."

"They don't believe I'm your daughter?" I asked.

He pushed up his round glasses. "It doesn't matter to me or to your...Julianne. We are only interested in a smooth transition for you at this point, and...Oh, Erin. I'm sorry. That sounds pretty clinical."

"You don't have to dumb it down for me, Sam. You're a surgeon. I expect you to speak intelligently."

Sam laughed once. "Well, I'm not speaking to you as your surgeon. I'm speaking to you as your Sam."

I grinned. The term was definitely growing on me.

My phone buzzed. "It's Weston," I said. I read the message, silently first, and then read it aloud to Sam. "Julianne showed me pics of the car. Badass."

Sam seemed pleased and gestured for me to respond.

Can I pick you up for school in the morning?

He didn't respond right away. A few minutes later, my phone buzzed again.

Wow.

What?

I was afraid that was going to get cut out too.

What do you mean?

Our morning ride to school together. Call me before u go to bed. Love the car.

Okay. Thanks! Me too!

He sent me a yellow face kissing a tiny heart, but I had no idea how to do it back and didn't want to spend my dinner with Sam texting, so I just sent back the same typed-out wink face I'd sent before.

"Things going well with you two?" Sam asked as I put my phone in my pocket.

I nodded. "He's been kind of weird since I moved in."

"Yeah, I think he misses you a little bit."

"Is it weird for you? That I'm spending time with him, and he was Alder's boyfriend?"

Sam thought about it for a moment, but I knew he already knew the answer. He was just deciding how to word it.

"I want you to be happy. Weston is a good guy."

"You can be straight with me, Sam. I did ask."

Sam's mouth pulled to the side. "You're...refreshing, Erin. But I stand by my original statement."

I nodded. "Fair enough."

Chapter 5

THE PRISTINE, WHITE CEILING FAN WAS ON, ROTATING quietly. It didn't wobble and nearly blended in with the smooth, white paint on the ceiling, which wasn't cracked or peeling. There were no moisture spots where the roof leaked.

The closets and bathrooms of the Alderman home still smelled like fresh paint. Nothing like Gina's rundown, moldy two-bedroom. It felt weird not to have seen her since I learned the news, but I conceded that she wanted it that way. Gina's car was still parked at the grocery store where she worked, in the same parking lot, during the same hours she used to work, but I hadn't gone in. Mostly because I wouldn't know what to say, but also because Julianne kept the pantry full with everything I could possibly need. It was almost as if anticipating and fulfilling my every need was a full-time job for Julianne.

I ran my thumb over the black keyless-entry remote still in my hand. I hadn't put it on my nightstand or left it on the kitchen counter next to Sam's keys because I had an irrational fear that if I put that remote down, it would disappear. Everything that had happened to me in the last month was so surreal, so opposite of the way my life had gone so far, it was almost too perfect to believe. So I held on to the remote like I held on to the hope that I would open my eyes in the morning under the same pretty ceiling fan, down the hallway from the door missing the pastel letters.

I looked over at the digital clock on the table and sighed. It was two in the morning. After dinner I'd called Weston, and we'd chatted for an hour about the car. He wanted to drive around with me, but I was tired at the time. Now, lying on a mattress so soft, I sank into it, and sheets so soft, they felt a bit greasy (in the best possibly way). I couldn't sleep.

I padded across the room in my bare feet and opened the door. It creaked, so I froze and peeked down the hall. It was dark and quiet. Sam and Julianne had been in bed for quite a while.

I stepped out onto the tightly woven carpet and took a few silent steps, until I was standing in front of Alder's door. My heartbeat reacted as I reached for the handle, wondering if her room would be locked. I was afraid of what was on the other side, as if she would be standing there, screaming at me to get out.

I pushed down on the gold lever, and it gave way. The door opened, creaking a bit like mine, and I pushed it open.

The room was dark, but the moonlight pouring in through the windows offered enough light that I could see the pictures poked into the crisscrossed ribbon on a corkboard on the wall. Photos of the Erins at cheer practice and football games, hanging with Brady and Brendan and Chrissy, and of course, Weston. I swallowed. He looked happy, and that made my stomach turn, even though I remembered seeing him with Alder all the time with the same expression. The bright eyes that were only for her. I thought about how he looked at me.

It's different, I told myself.

Her room was clean, and everything was in its place. It had been dusted recently, and the bed was made. I sat down on her black-and-white comforter and looked around at the various decorations on the wall. It felt wrong, but also exhilarating, a thousand times more than texting during class. Alder would have died all over again if she knew I was in her room-if she knew I was living there, and Weston was coming to see me. I wondered how Sam and Julianne rationalized all of this to themselves, balancing making me happy with not feeling like they were crapping all over her memory.

I walked over to her closet and opened the door. It was a walk-in like mine. Her clothes were pressed and hanging from dozens of identical plastic hangers like mine. But she had several cheer uniforms in her closet, and a lot of dresses and high heels. A plastic bag poked out from the rest of the clothes, and I switched on the closet light to get a better look. It was a prom dress.

I tried to get a good look without touching it, but I finally resorted to pulling it out of its spot and holding it before me. The remote that I still held made it difficult to maneuver my hand, but I managed to pull it out with clumsy effort. It was breathtaking. The neckline was one-shouldered, and it was practically backless, sheer from the waist up, with a few silver rhinestones crowding certain areas. She would have looked like a Greek goddess, and I imagined her wearing her hair up, slicked back from her face, in a high bun. Then I imagined her with Weston, and I put the dress away.

My curiosity still wasn't satiated, but the closet was the only place I felt I could look around with the light on. I fingered through her clothes and then her shoes. I found a rectangular toy box behind her hanging clothes. It was white with pink ballet slippers, no lid. There were baby dolls and Barbie dolls, some old McDonald's toys and notebooks, all empty or mostly empty, with the occasional random, juvenile drawing of a dog or unicorn, and one drawing of three stick figures. Little girls, all with the name ERIN hanging over their differently styled hair. I knew which one was supposed to be me right away. The one with the tangled mess of hair. They were holding hands, smiling. My breath faltered. I remembered when that had happened in real life: the giggles and hand holding. We were best friends back then.

A clear, plastic storage tub full of three-ring binders caught my attention, and I pulled off the lid as quietly as I could, pulling out the first binder. It was green, with JOURNAL written on the cover in black Sharpie marker in Alder's handwriting.

I put it down and then picked it back up. I did this several times, each time talking myself out of opening it.

"These are her thoughts, Erin. Don't you dare," I hissed, snapping the lid back onto the tub. I had to get up early anyway so I could navigate my way over to Weston's and drive carefully to school for the first time. Reading her thoughts would be wrong. Very wrong, and there were so many moral and ethical principles I valued in myself that would be violated on ten different levels if I opened that binder.

I did it anyway.

I closed the binder, not wanting to know if it was me she was talking about. The journals were dated all the way back to grade school. My eyebrows pushed up. She had filled all of these binders. All of Erin Alderman's private thoughts were right there for me to know and learn if I wanted. There was a single plastic-covered diary with a silver, broken lock that read MY FIRST DIARY.

I closed the lid and stood up, turning out the light. Alder's privacy had already been violated, and Sam and Julianne's trust. Guilt pushed me out of her room, back down the hall, and into my bedroom, all the way under my covers.

After twenty minutes of not being able to settle my thoughts, I looked up at the ceiling fan. Was Alder talking about me? What had I done? Did she mean that Weston was looking at me? Surely not. He'd said once that he'd always liked me, but it didn't occur to me that he actually did. The questions were there, and I wasn't sure if I wanted the answers. There were so many within those pages. I might even find out why the Erins had stopped talking to me.

I turned over on my side, holding the remote in my hand, wondering if Julianne knew about the journals. They weren't particularly hidden. Maybe Julianne respected Alder's privacy enough that Alder didn't feel like she needed to hide them.

I closed my eyes, wondering if I was the one Weston was looking at. I had to know. The next time I was alone in the house, I would keep reading until I found out why-why Alder hated me. Why she acted the way she did. And why she hated Blackwell so much when she had it all. Maybe she didn't. Maybe she didn't want it. It was none of my business. I shouldn't read those journals. But my should and want were so polarized, I knew curiosity would win in the end, especially since those answers were something I'd wanted for so long.

It wasn't until I hit the bottom step that the fatigue hit. Sleep hadn't come easy the night before, and even after I drifted to sleep, I couldn't stay asleep.

Sam breezed past me toward the kitchen, patting my shoulder.

"Morning, kiddo. Watch that gas gauge. Oh!" he said, turning on his heels and digging into the front pocket of his slacks, pulling out his wallet. "Use this when you get gas. And if you need anything else. Well...within reason."

I gently pushed it back. "I have money."

He held the small silver card out again, insistent. "Your paycheck is spending money. We'll get the rest. Just take it, sweetheart, I'm late."

After a small pause, I took the card and tried to stick it in the back pocket of my jeans, but they were the new ones Julianne had bought, and the pockets were flapped and buttoned shut. I couldn't figure out which was the button with all the bling covering the fabric, so I shoved it into my front pocket. It would go into my backpack later. Having it at all made me nervous.

"Thank you," I said.

Sam winked and rushed to the back door that led to the garage. "Gotta go, honey!"

"Have a good day!" Julianne called.

I joined her in the kitchen. "I'm heading out."

"No breakfast?" she asked, trying not to let the disappointment show. A beautiful omelet was folded perfectly on a white floral plate. A fork on a cloth napkin and a half glass of orange juice sat nearby.

"You're so...Everything is always so perfect. This whole house could be photographed for a magazine."

Julianne beamed. "Thank you. It's to pass the time, really. I get restless," she said, putting her palms on the edge of the counter. She looked around. "And a little bored, if you want to know the truth."

"Have you thought more about going back to work?"

She nodded. "Sam and I discussed it. We think it would be best if I stayed home a little longer. Especially over the summer when you're home more."

"I work a lot in the summer," I said with chagrin.

"About that," she said, biting her bottom lip. "How would you feel about cutting your hours? That would give you more time at home...and with Weston. And more time to enjoy your senior year and your summer before college. No pressure. Just a thought."

"I work so much to save up for college."

"Erin, sweetie, we're paying for your college. Whatever you've saved up is yours to spend however you wish."

"Um...that's so generous. But you and Sam have already done so much. You've given me a place to stay and that amazing car outside. I couldn't accept anything else from you. And I have a scholarship."

She smiled. "I'm so proud of you."

Her words took me aback. I couldn't remember anyone saying that to me before.

"You've worked so hard, and you're such a good person despite your circumstances." She teared up, but quickly wiped her eyes. "Your money is yours. Whatever your scholarship doesn't cover, we've got handled. I know it probably seems like we've done a lot, but that's just because it's all at once. If you'd been here the whole time, it would have been a more gradual process. If it's overwhelming, I apologize."

I shook my head. "You don't have to apologize, Julianne. For anything. All you've done is been wonderful. Both of you."

Julianne's expression turned soft, and she reached across the island to clasp my hand in hers.

"You're our daughter," she said softly. "Let us take care of you. Let us make things a little easier than they've been for you. It helps us too."

My mouth pulled to the side. "Maybe I can talk to Patty about hiring someone for weekends and cutting down my hours for the summer."

Julianne beamed, patting my hand before returning to the stove. "I'm excited. We can go to the city or something and eat dinner, or shopping, or to the museum."

Her enthusiasm was infectious. "Sounds like fun." I sat down and took four or five quick bites of the omelet, drank the juice, wiped my mouth, and picked up my backpack.

"See you tonight," I said.

"Okay, sweetie," she said, taking my plate.

I walked down the hallway, toward the back door this time. Sam had left the single-car garage door open, knowing I would be leaving soon. I shook my head. The thought of having a car-much less a BMW-to drive to school was unbelievable, but there it was, shiny, gorgeous, and waiting for me to sit inside.

I backed out slowly and carefully made my way to Weston's house around the corner. I parked in the street, but when I got out, I realized I had parked too far from the curb. I started to get back in to amend my poor parking.

Weston jogged out with his backpack in his hand, smiling. "Don't worry about it, babe."

He was looking particularly appealing in a pair of nice jeans held up with a thick, brown leather belt. His light-turquoise polo shirt made him look even more tanned, and his wrists were cuffed with a watch on his left hand, a couple of braided leather bracelets on his right. He had the lean, toned body of a baseball player, and his hair was messed strategically with the slightest bit of gel. His eyes still looked a little sleepy, but the bright green globes gleamed brightly as they always did.

I didn't know if I would ever get over someone who looked like him calling me babe. I'd always thought those sickeningly sweet nicknames were ridiculous, but when Weston said it to me, warmth spread from my cheeks to my toes, and I only wanted him to do it again. Something about the way he said it so casually made me feel like there would be no end to our beginning. No worry about us in sight.

Peter and Veronica came outside, both with surprised but happy expressions.

"That's quite a car you've got there!" Peter said.

I shrugged and shook my head. "I know. They are too good to me."

"Nonsense," Veronica said. She put her arm around me and squeezed. "You need a car, silly girl."

Weston opened the passenger door. "All right, you've seen the car. We have to get to school."

His parents waved to us as I nervously pulled away. Weston chatted about baseball practice and our test in health, not seeming the least bit worried about my driving skills. I had driven his truck a few times, but this felt very different.

I pulled into the parking lot, and the students walking to class stopped and stared. Blackwell was such a tiny school, everyone knew who drove what.

"They're staring," I said with dread.

"They're going to."

"They're going to say I'm taking advantage of Sam and Julianne."

"I'll set them straight."

I parked and pressed the button to turn off the ignition. Shannon LaBlue from art class didn't hesitate to walk up to me.

"Is that yours?" she asked, her voice pitched higher than usual.

I looked to Weston and then spoke. "Yes."

"Her parents just bought it for her," Weston said. "Cool, huh?"

That answer didn't occur to me, but I loved the way it sounded: my parents. Sam and Julianne were mine.

"A BMW, Easter? That's incredible!"

I nodded, unable to say thanks. For whatever reason, saying thank you felt awkward. More people came over to get a closer look. I pressed the lock button on my remote, and then Weston led me into the building by the hand.

By the time I'd reached bio, the entire school had already heard about the car. Sara and a few of the other kids in class asked me about it the moment I sat down. Brady eyed me but didn't say anything.

When I got to Mr. Barrows's class, I stopped in the doorway to see that instead of Mr. Barrows, Julianne was standing behind his desk, shuffling papers around, looking nervous. When our eyes met, her face twisted to an apologetic half smile, half frown.

"It was last-minute. I'm sorry if this embarrasses you."

Other students shouldered past me to their seats. I walked over to her and hugged her. She paused for a moment, shocked at my unusual display of affection.

"Thank you again for the car," I whispered. "Everyone thinks it's amazing."

Julianne hugged me back. "I tried to get out of subbing," she said softly into my ear.

I pulled away. "It's kind of cool to see you in the middle of the day," I said with a smile, and then continued to my desk. When I sat, Julianne's expression was undeterminable. She was lost in thought, but then a grin touched her lips, and she continued greeting the students still straggling into class.

Chapter 6

DRIVING TO THE MURAL WITH SEVERAL REGRETS IN TOW, I pulled into the old pizza place next to Weston's Chevy. He was standing there with his hands in his pockets and a smile on his face.

The sun was high in the sky, casting a shallow shadow along the stretch of concrete where the other students were standing with paintbrushes in hand. Mrs. Cup glanced over her shoulder, noting my arrival with a small nod.

"What took you so long?" Weston asked. "You should have been right behind me."

"I got caught at a red light. And I drive slowly."

"A snail could have beat you here."

"I'm not ashamed," I said, walking toward the brick wall.

I dipped my paintbrush in a small tub of green paint and began filling in places where the old paint was chipped. Weston did the same with a different color.

"What are you doing after work?" he asked.

"I...think I need to have a talk with Julianne."

"Oh? That sounds a little serious."

"It is. I hope not. Maybe."

"What about?"

"Something I did."

He hesitated, making a few strokes with his paintbrush. "Do I want to know?"

"Probably not."

"Tell me anyway."

"I...It's bad."

"Did you wreck the car?"

"No."

"Did you steal from her?"

I craned my neck at him. "What?"

He turned and shrugged, seeming shocked at himself. "I don't know why I said that. My mind is racing, wondering what serious thing you need to talk to her about. I don't think you'd steal from her. Or anyone."

I nodded, satisfied, but the smug expression faded. "It's almost as bad."

"Jesus, Erin, just tell me."

"I...went into Alder's room."

His eyebrows shot up. I looked at the cement under my shoes and puffed out a breath of air.

"I saw her prom dress. It's beautiful."

He nodded. "White. She told me about it."

"She has dozens of journals in a tub in the back of her closet."

"You read them?" he asked, suddenly worried.

I nodded, my cheeks catching fire.

He began painting again, but didn't respond.

I waited, and when the silence threatened my sanity, I turned to him. "Say it."

"Say what?"

"That it's wrong."

"What did they say?" he asked. "When was the last entry?" He kept his eyes on the wall, but his questions were tinged with concern.

"I didn't read much. Just a couple of entries. I feel bad enough reading them. I'd feel worse if I told you what she wrote."

"Anything about me?"

"Maybe. I don't know. They were vague."

"I don't have to tell you that it's wrong, Erin. It's all over your face. Just...don't. Don't read them."

He was right. Arguing was useless. But from my peripheral, I saw him fidgeting, and that made me curious.

"She has some really old ones. Maybe she wrote about why she and Sonny stop talking to me."

"They stopped talking to you because they were bitches," he snapped. "Even in grade school."

"Did Alder ever talk to you about it?"

He dropped his brush. He tried to jump back, but green paint splattered his jeans and shoes.

"Dammit!" he growled, holding his hands up.

"Get a wet rag," Mrs. Cup said, rushing over. She tried to help, but the paint was only smearing.

"Can I go home and try to get this out?"

Mrs. Cup looked at her watch. "We only have twenty more minutes. Go ahead. Don't speed."

Weston nodded and then hugged me and touched his lips to my cheek, letting his mouth linger against my skin for a bit.

"Don't read anymore, Erin. She's gone. None of it matters anymore."

He walked quickly to his truck and started the engine. He pulled into the street, but after a few seconds, I could hear his engine rev.

A frustrated groan emanated from Mrs. Cup's throat. "Boys."

After another productive day at the mural, Mrs. Cup let us leave five minutes early. I drove straight to the Dairy Queen, parking next to Frankie's Taurus.

The door on the BMW had barely swept shut when I heard Frankie's screeching.

"What in the fricking frack is that?" she asked, pointing to my car.

I walked toward her with a sheepish smile. "My car."

"Your car? Your car? Sam and Julianne bought you a BMW? Don't answer that. The answer is obvious, but mother bear, Erin!" she said, following me into the back entrance.

I slipped my apron over my head and tied the back. "I know. Believe me, I know. So...can I talk to you a minute?"

All excitement left Frankie's face, and she eyed me for a moment. "Yeah?"

"Julianne wants me to...She's asked me to ask Patty to, uh...work less hours."

Frankie watched me for a moment. "Are you quitting?"

"No," I said emphatically and drawn out. "She said something about me enjoying my senior year and summer. She wants me to ask Patty for weekends off and to cut back my summer hours."

"You're okay with this?"

I shrugged.

"I mean," she said, shrugging too, "of course you are. What teenager wouldn't want more free time? Yeah. I mean, I'll let Patty know you want to talk to her, but I get it."

"You look mad."

She waved me away. "Hell no. Not at all."

"I know Patty might have to hire someone new. I'll stay until they get trained."

"I'll do it. It's no biggie."

"You're being weird."

"Am not."

A little girl with chocolate already all over her face came to the window. When Frankie didn't acknowledge her, she knocked on it.

Frankie glanced at her and put her hand on the glass to block the sight of her. "Beat it, Milky Way, we're talking."

"Frankie!" I said, frowning. I opened my window and took her order. Her mother was waiting in a minivan, eyeing my car.

After handing her the two chocolate dip cones and an MandM Blizzard, I shut the window and crossed my arms. "You're mad."

Frankie was busying herself with cleaning already spotless countertops. "I'm not mad. I'm disappointed. Not in you. It's always been you and me, you know? We've always kind of been in the same boat. Stuck here."

"I like working at the Dairy Queen."

"I bet you don't say that when you're my age."

"Patty likes it."

"Patty owns it."

"Oh wow."

"What?"

"Patty just pulled up."

Frankie's smirk prompted me to toss an empty cup at her. Her mouth fell open, and the site of Frankie made Patty's initial cheerful grin disappear.

"Afternoon, ladies. Everything okay?"

Frankie bent down to pick up the cup. "Princess Alderman has a request."

This time my mouth fell open.

Patty didn't move her head. Instead, her eyes kept shifting back and forth between us. "Seems like it's a good day for me to stop by. I was just going to let you know that my niece will be helping out this summer." She turned to me. "I saw Julianne the other day, and she mentioned hoping you'd spend a little more time at home. Did she talk to you about it?"

I nodded.

Patty winked. "We've got you covered, sunshine." She jerked her head to the side. "Beat it."

My head moved forward, and my eyes bulged. "What? Now?"

"Yep! I have your shift today."

"Oh no, Patty. Thank you, but I would give you more notice than that."

She giggled. "No problem, as long as you're okay with it. I'd already discussed it with Julianne, and we're prepared. And she's right. You've worked your little tail off. Now go be a kid while you still have a little time left."

I looked to Frankie, who looked lost. "She's right," she said. "Go, kiddo. I'll text your new hours after Patty and I talk."

The urge to move didn't come. I just stood there, dumbfounded.

Patty's expression turned apologetic. "You don't have to leave. I'm not kicking you out. Julianne only suggested it, and I assumed since Frankie said you had something to talk to me about, that was it. Was it?"

I nodded.

She grinned. "Okay then. What are you waiting for? Go get a pop at Sonic, or take Weston a dip cone. They're still practicing, aren't they?"

"Just a little longer. They have their last game the week after next."

Patty looked to Frankie. "Make sure we take her off the schedule for that day. Weekends off too."

Frankie agreed.

"I didn't know," I said to Frankie.

"I know," she said. "It wasn't fair for me to get all Medusa on you. I told you before that you should ease back on your hours. I don't know. I guess I didn't think you actually would. I'm just going to miss you."

Patty held out her hand. "I need your apron, Erin. Have a good rest of the day!"

I untied the black strings at the small of my back and pulled the strap over my head, handing my apron to Patty.

"You're still going to keep me on the schedule, right? I'm not fired?"

"Of course not, silly!" she said, playfully swatting me on the backside with the apron.

A car pulled into the parking lot, and Patty turned her back to me, opening the window and greeting the family walking toward her.

Frankie smiled at me. "I'll see you next week. I'm okay," she said with a forced smile. "I'm sorry. That was stupid."

"Okay. See you in a few days."

For some reason, I took a detour home to pass by Gina's house. It looked the same. The windows were still dirty, the screen door was still hanging off-kilter, the porch still needed paint, the backyard fence was still broken. I wondered if she'd left my room the way it was, or if she'd sold everything. Nothing ever seemed to change there. I wondered if she cared enough about me that she didn't want to look at my things, or if she was so relieved to get rid of me that she wanted to be rid of any reminder of me too.

The garage door slowly closed behind the BMW, and I pressed the ignition button to turn off the engine. Silence. Absolute silence. Just me, the garage, and the new car smell.

Julianne opened the back door with a big grin. "You're home early! Did you talk with Patty?"

I grabbed my backpack and shut the driver's side door behind me, nodding as I passed her, heading straight for my usual stool at the kitchen island. She followed me and leaned against the stove with her arms crossed.

"What's up, buttercup?" she asked. "Patty wasn't upset, was she?"

I shook my head. "She said you already talked to her about it."

Julianne cringed. "Oh gosh, Erin, I hope that's okay. I didn't mean that she had to cut your hours. I just told her I was hoping you would want to, and that I was going to talk to you about it."

"It's okay. I was going to...She just beat me to it."

"Oh. So...you're not upset with me?"

"No. But I need to tell you something. I think you're going to be upset with me."

"Oh?" she said, suddenly worried.

"I was going to wait until Sam got home, so I could tell you both."

"He has a late case."

"Then I'll tell you, and maybe you can tell him?"

She nodded and took a few steps until she could lay her palms flat on the granite of the island.

"I, um...I went into Alder's room. I was curious, not that it's an excuse. But I saw her tub full of journals."

Julianne didn't react. She just listened.

"I read one. Not all of it. But I read a few entries."

Julianne dipped her head, and after several seconds, she wiped her eye with her wrist.

"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I won't go into her room again. The worst part is that I knew it was wrong, but I did it anyway."

Julianne looked up at me with wet eyes. "You're not the only one."

"Pardon?"

"I've always known that she kept journals. I've been reading them too, since she died. Curiosity is an awful trap, isn't it?" she said, sheepish. "But, Erin...You shouldn't read any more. You won't like it."

"You sound like Weston," I said, looking away.

"What do you mean?"

"He said the same thing. That I shouldn't read any more. He acted really weird about it."

"Really? What else did he say?"

"Nothing else."

She fidgeted. "He came by today."

"He what?"

"He told me you were reading Alder's journals, and he told me to tell you to stop."

Weston had left art to tattle on me? There had to be a reason he didn't want me to read the journals. He wouldn't just try to get me into trouble with Julianne. Something was in there that would hurt me, and he knew about it.

"Why would he do that?"

She looked down, troubled. "Alder is different than we thought, Erin. Some of the things she wrote are...upsetting. She knew things. Things Sam and I had no idea about. And..." She shook her head. "I haven't read all of them. It was too hard. I haven't told Sam. I'm not sure how he would react."

"I'll keep it between us."

"Thank you," she said, relieved.

"Julianne? Is there anything in there about me? I mean that I should know."

She hesitated. "Yes."

"Can I read them?"

"I don't know how to answer that, honey."

"I think...I think I have to."

Chapter 7

MY BLACK CONVERSE KNOCKED AGAINST THE BLEACHERS AS I climbed to the top. The baseball team was running laps, their T-shirts soaked in sweat, their faces red. I hadn't been seated for more than five minutes when Coach Langdon called practice, and they ran to the dugout.

After a short meeting, they began filing out to the parking lot, including Weston. After a few moments, he ran back in, looking up to where I sat. He jogged up the bleachers, taking two at a time until he reached me. His arms wrapped around me, and he pressed his lips against me. His skin was covered in a thin sheen of sweat, but he could have been covered in toxic waste, and I still wouldn't have complained.

"I was just getting ready to drive across the street, and I saw your car in the parking lot. What are you doing here?"

I shrugged. "Just thought I'd come watch you practice since you don't have many left."

He looked out on to the field. "I can't believe it's my last year. I'm going to miss it. For the most part. Prom. Graduation. Then it's all over."

"Have you talked to your dad about Dallas?"

He shook his head. "He's too excited about Duke, Erin. Every time I think about bringing it up, it doesn't seem like the right time."

"There isn't a right time for something like that, and you're going to wait until you run out of time."

"Maybe he's right. Maybe Duke will be good for me."

"So you want to be a lawyer?"

His face twisted into disgust. "No."

"Weston," I said, turning his dirty, sweaty face toward me. "You have to tell them. You only have one life. One shot. Don't waste it on someone else's dream."

His eyes danced back and forth to each of mine. "God, you're beautiful."

I looked down, embarrassed.

"Do you have a date for prom yet?"

I shot him a look. "You know I don't."

"Will you go with me?"

I shook my head. "We talked about this already."

"That was when you didn't have Julianne Alderman for a mother. She'll help you find a dress."

"I can't ask her to buy me a dress."

"You don't have to. Just tell her I asked you to prom."

"I don't dance," I said, squirming.

He held my necklace between his thumb and index finger. He leaned down and kissed it and then moved up to my neck.

I sighed, moving my chin to the side, stretching my neck just a tiny bit to give him better access.

He pulled away and frowned.

"What?" I asked, surprised at his reaction.

"You don't smell like ice cream."

I chuckled. "I was barely at work today. Patty took over my shift, and my hours have been cut to give me more free time. Julianne's request."

One side of Weston's mouth turned up, and then his mouth stretched into a full-blown grin.

"Thank you, Julianne." He looked down at my lips and then moved toward me, kissing me softly at first. His mouth opened, and I welcomed his tongue with mine.

"Please go to prom with me," he whispered against my mouth. "I don't want to go by myself. I don't want to go with anyone but you, and it's my senior year. I don't want to miss it. Even if we only stay long enough to pose for a stupid picture."

"I understand your dilemma, but I really don't want to go."

"Well," he said, his lips moving to my ear, "sometimes we have to do things we don't like to do. It's a good life lesson."

"You're right. If you break the news to your dad about Duke, then I'll go to prom with you."

He sat up, shocked at my proposal. "That's not fair, Erin."

"You just said-"

"I know what I said. But prom and pissing off my dad are not exactly the same thing."

"It's close."

His eyes narrowed. "You'll go to prom if I tell him I want to go to Dallas? What if he says no?"

"That's between your dad and you. But if you tell him, I'll go."

"Deal."

"Really?" I said, suddenly feeling sick.

"You better start looking for a dress now."

I swallowed.

We stood, and Weston intertwined his fingers in mine, walking with me down the steps and out to my car.

"Why don't you follow me home? My parents won't be home for a couple of hours."

"Remember what Sam said?"

He nodded. "He said to keep my hands off someone else's wife. But you're not going to be someone else's wife."

"Slow down, speed racer."

"You know what I mean," he said, opening my door.

"I'll see you in a minute," I said, ducking into the BMW.

I lay there, resting against Weston's bare chest, wrapped in his arms. The ceiling fan was whirling above us, the picture he'd drawn of me just overhead.

"I love that you wear this every day," he said, touching my necklace.

"I love that you gave it to me."

"I love you."

I sat still, wondering if what he'd just said was really what he'd just said. He'd alluded to being in love with me before but never actually said it. Not so direct. Not out loud.

"Erin?"

"I'm glad."

"You're glad," he said flatly.

I closed my eyes, knowing I'd upset him. "I want to say it. It just feels weird."

"Would you mean it?"

"I think so."

"You think so."

"Stop doing that," I said, sitting up and pulling my arms through my bra straps, and then my shirt over my head.

He sighed, clearly regretting the turn of the conversation.

"It's scary, Weston. Even if you go to Dallas, you'll be five hours away. We'll live separate lives. No one stays together when they go to different colleges."

"You don't know that." He frowned. "Why do you have to be so negative? We're going to see each other as much as we can. We'll talk on the phone every night. We'll stay together, and then you'll come visit me and fall in love with Dallas, and you'll move there after you graduate."

"Is that so?"

He sat up against the headboard. "Yes."

"I'm not being negative. I'm being realistic. I don't want either of us to get hurt."

"If we don't stay together, it'll hurt. It'll tear me up. I don't want anyone else."

"Weston, you're eighteen. You don't know what you want."

He stood up and slipped on his jeans. "You definitely don't know what I want."

I finished dressing and tied my shoes. "It's just common sense. We live in a fishbowl here, but there are thousands of young, beautiful women in Dallas."

"There's only one you." We were standing on opposite sides of his bed, staring at each other. He shifted his weight, nervous. "Are you...are you saying this because you plan on meeting someone new in Stillwater?"

"No!"

"Sounds to me like you're keeping your options open."

"God, Weston, that's not it at all."

His breathing faltered, and he looked around on his floor, then saw his inhaler on his nightstand and grabbed it. He shook it, then took a puff.

"Why are you getting so upset? Why do we even have to talk about this now?"

"I'd kind of like to know if the girl I love sees me as temporary."

"Blackwell is temporary."

"I'm not even staying here!"

"I know! I'm just not making any promises I can't keep."

"Well, that's just great. Thanks, babe."

My shoulders fell. He was fighting dirty. "I have to go home." I walked around his bed to his door, but he stood in my way. He took a deep breath, touched my arms, and pressed his forehead against mine.

"Homework?"

"Sort of."

"What does that mean?"

"I want to read Alder's earlier journals. I want to know why they quit talking to me."

He stiffened. "I thought you weren't going to read them anymore."

"I changed my mind. Julianne kind of doesn't care."

"What?" he yelled.

I leaned away from him, stunned by his explosive response.

"They're none of your damn business, Erin. It's wrong, and you know it!"

I blinked and then gritted my teeth. "Move."

"Fine." He stepped to the side, and I stormed out, passing Veronica on my way.

"Erin?" she said.

"Sorry, I have to go."

When I got to my car, Weston caught up to me, breathing hard. "Don't read them, Erin. Just don't do it."

"Why not? What are you afraid I'll find?"

His jaws worked under his skin, and he swallowed. After a few seconds without an answer, I got in my car and drove home.

I parked and ran up the stairs, straight to Alder's room.

"Erin?" Julianne called after me.

I shut the door and leaned against it, out of breath. Alder's closet door was shut, and I glared at it, knowing now that whether it was right or wrong, I had to read them. I had to know what was so terrible that Weston didn't want me to continue.

I marched over and swung open the door, dragged the tub out of the closet and into the middle of her room. I pulled all of them out, one by one, until I got to the plastic diary, skimming over the descriptions of dreams and boys she liked. Once I finished reading that diary, I moved on to the binders. I wanted to skip over to her journal from our fifth-grade year. That was when they'd stopped talking to me, but I forced myself to read one at a time.

Fatigue began to set in when I opened the yellow, plastic, covered binder titled 5TH GRADE. Any mention of me was like before. We were still friends. She still liked me. On a few occasions, she talked about asking her parents if Sonny and I could join them on their family vacation, and Sam and Julianne were considering it. I flipped the page to the entry I'd been searching for.

Most of the entries after that were about how much they hated me, and what mean things they did and said to me. Sonny's parents had never gotten a divorce, so I assumed they had worked it out, but it wasn't until I got to the binders that I fully understood. Sonny's father and Gina had an affair. Harry had gotten Gina pregnant. I shut the binder. The Erins were half sisters.

That's why they hated me. They thought Gina and I had nearly caused Sonny's parents to divorce.

"Gina," I whispered, flipping the pages.

That was what Carolyn was talking about at the restaurant. Gina's daughter had been a reminder, an object at which Carolyn could direct her anger. After the accident Carolyn figured out that she had welcomed Harry's illegitimate child into their home, taken her on vacations, and bought her Christmas and birthday presents. In a strange twist of fate, Harry helped raise his own daughter, even when he thought he was ignoring her to save his marriage.

My thoughts drifted to Gina. Sonny's parents were quite a bit older than her. He was part owner of a prosperous fabrication plant just outside town. He would have to have been in his early thirties when Sonny was born-when we were all born. Gina wasn't even old enough to buy alcohol when she got pregnant, and she never spoke about the man we both thought was my father.

A sudden sympathy weighed me down, making me feel so heavy, I felt stuck to the floor. I'd been so angry with her, but the truth was, we both knew what it felt like to be hated by everyone. To have no one. To learn early that the best defense was to shut everyone out, even those who try to help. She was too broken to be my mother; it wasn't that she didn't want to be.

As the dates on the entries wore on, Alder wrote less about Gina and more about how much they hated me. The older Alder was, the better she explained Sonny's reports of Harry and Carolyn's periodic fights about Gina-usually around our birthday-and by middle school, it was clear to Carolyn that Gina's daughter would always be a reminder of her husband's infidelity, and she hated me for it-and so did the Erins.

She also talked about watching me watch Weston, and catching Weston looking at me-dozens of time. My stomach began to hurt.

A knock sounded on the door.

"Erin?" Julianne said before peeking in. Her hair wasn't soft and shiny. It was in tangles and matted in places to her head. Her face was shiny and makeup free, and her pink floral pajama set was mostly covered by a long, thin robe. "Oh, honey. It's three in the morning. Do you think maybe you should take a break?"

It was then that I realized my eyes felt like dry, scratchy balls under my lids, and the skin around them was heavy and tight at the same time.

"I'm almost finished."

"O-okay," she said. "Weston called a few times earlier. He said you weren't answering your phone."

"It's still in my car, I think."

Her lips made a hard line, and she offered a sympathetic smile. "You're a blank page, Erin. Maybe you shouldn't fill it with Alder's words."

"Did you know? About Gina?"

She nodded. "I think everyone knows."

I closed my eyes. "No wonder Gina was angry. She was alone, and blamed, and hated, and all she had was me as a reminder."

"Not you. It wasn't you. You were conceived of love and nothing else. You're ours."

"Everyone was wrong."

"Yes, they were."

"No. They left her with all the blame, and he still got his family and his reputation. It's not fair."

"No, it's not. I'm sorry Sonny and Alder took it out on you."

"I need to see her. I don't know why. I'm not ready yet, but I need to talk to her about this."

Worry sparked in Julianne's eyes. "Oh, okay. I, um, I understand."

My eyes fell to the binder in my lap, and Julianne shut the door. I rested my chin on my fist as I turned the pages of Alder's high school journals. She knew I liked Weston, and that was the only reason she pursued him. She wrote about losing her virginity, but to my absolute surprise, it wasn't with Weston. She was cheating on him with Eric Liberty. My face twisted into disgust. Eric was a gangly, pimple-faced pothead who had been held back twice, and then dropped out of high school altogether, and she was in love with him, not Weston.

The sky was changing outside Alder's window. I looked up at Alder's alarm clock. It was nearly six in the morning.

I turned the page, reading about the first week of our senior year. Page after page, I'd read about my misery through her eyes, and how much she enjoyed inflicting it. It was one of the only things that brought her joy. She hated Blackwell, her house, her car, and sometimes Sam and Julianne. Her aspirations included marrying Eric and moving to San Francisco.

Her first entry in October made my blood run cold.

My hands began to tremble, and I slammed the binder shut, leaving it on the floor with the others. My mattress barely made a sound as I crashed into it, burying my head in the pillow. As much as I wanted to believe it wasn't true, Alder wouldn't lie in her own journal. The Erins were planning one last twisted, humiliating moment for me before graduation, and Weston was going to help them. The picture he'd drawn of me, the necklace, the attention and phony kindness were all part of the plan to disgrace me in front of the entire school.

My pillow was soaked with tears. After everything they had put me through, how could I have been so gullible? How could I have trusted that Weston had suddenly taken an interest in me for no reason? The nights at the overpass, the late-night talks, losing my virginity...It was all part of the plan. Maybe it wasn't his idea, but he was going along with it, and Alder was only pretending to be jealous because she knew it wasn't real. And even if it was, she didn't care. She was secretly planning to be with Eric anyway.

I kept trying to make excuses for Weston, trying to think of anything that would make him an innocent bystander, but it was all there in her journals. One last stab at me, even after her death. No wonder Weston didn't want me to read them. He knew exactly what I would find.

Why stay with me after Alder died? Why continue the charade? And then it hit me: he had asked me to prom. He was going to carry out her plan. He was in love with her, and he was determined to carry out her final wish.

How malicious would someone have to be to agree to and go through with something like that? I knew the Erins were evil, but Weston...That's what Brady meant before. He knew what Weston was doing. I had given myself to someone like that. Let him touch me. Put his mouth on me. Penetrate me.

I ran to the bathroom, pulled the necklace away from my skin, threw it in a drawer, and then stripped off my clothes. The knob whined as I twisted it, and the water rained down. I stepped in when it was still ice-cold, desperate to get any trace of Weston off of me. I stood under the water as it warmed, scrubbing and sobbing, feeling utterly destroyed and beyond betrayed.

My skin felt raw and waterlogged, so I turned off the shower and wrapped a towel around me. A faint knock on my bedroom door made me stiffen. Julianne poked her head in, and her face fell.

"Gracious, sweetheart, you look exhausted. Did you get any sleep?"

"I'm awake," I said. "Wide awake."

Chapter 8

SAM AND JULIANNE MET ME IN THE KITCHEN an hour before the first bell would ring at school. They both had concerned expressions, coffee mugs in hand.

"I know I said I wanted to spare Sam the details, but...," Julianne began. She didn't have to finish. I could see on Sam's face that he knew what we did.

"I've been trying to think of something to say to you to make you feel better. Dads are supposed to be wise, but when you're the one who raised the person responsible..." He trailed off, recoiling from his own thoughts.

"Sam, this isn't your fault," I said. "It's not Julianne's fault. It's a brutal, ongoing cycle."

He walked around the island and put his arm around my shoulders. "You make it very easy to forget I'm talking to a high schooler. I'm supposed to make you feel better, not the other way around."

"Would it help if I said this sucks?"

He offered a small smile. "No, not after what Julianne said was in those journals. But thanks for trying."

"Clearly upbringing has nothing to do with behavior," Julianne said, rubbing her forehead. "You're such a sweet, kindhearted person, Erin. Even after everything you've been through."

"What are you going to say to Weston?" Sam asked, pushing up his glasses. The subtle hump on his nose failed to keep them where they belonged.

"You know about that too?" I asked, surprised.

"Julianne told me this morning. She wanted me to know what had upset you so much."

I glanced up at Julianne, her white sweater making her look like the angel she was. "Did I wake you?"

"I was already awake. I've never heard you cry that way. I don't think I've heard anyone cry that way. I had to know. I didn't mean to pry, Erin, but it seemed too important to ignore."

Three quick knocks on the door, and then we heard Weston's voice, muffled by the door. "Erin?" he called, his nervousness evident.

I looked to Sam.

He nodded. "I'll take care of it."

His footsteps echoed down the travertine-tiled hallway, and then the murmuring began.

"Just let me talk to her," Weston said, his voice raised. "I can explain."

Sam kept his voice low.

"What do you mean she doesn't want to see me? Erin?" he called again. "Erin!"

"Weston." Sam's voice was strained, but firm.

Julianne's eyes widened when a scuffle could be heard, and she rushed to the front door as well. I ducked my head and rested it in my hands.

"Stop!" Julianne said.

Their voices quieted, but the desperation in Weston's voice could still be distinguished.

The door closed, and Sam and Julianne returned to the kitchen, both with stunned expressions.

"What was that?" I asked.

Sam sighed. "He wanted to come inside."

"Did he push you?" I asked, swallowing. Apparently I didn't know Weston at all.

Sam shook his head, clearly unsettled. "No, no...He pushed the door. I pushed back. He's just upset. I told him you could discuss it later, but not to bother you at school. Want me to call Mr. Bringham?"

I shook my head. "Please don't. I just want this to go away."

"Why don't you take the day off with me? We can go shopping. Or stay home and watch comedies On Demand." Julianne's contrived smile was oddly comforting. She was hurting for me, and so was Sam. Empathy wasn't something I was used to, but there was nothing like it. Our family felt complete and real in that moment, and for the first time, I felt I belonged there in that kitchen, with the two people who loved me enough to stay up all night worrying, push against a door, and call the principal. I belonged with them because I belonged to them.

I hopped up and squeezed them both in a tight embrace. "Just a few more weeks. I can get through a few more weeks."

Sam put his large hand gently on the back of my hair, pulling me to him.

Julianne pulled away to look me in the eyes, hers glossed over. "We wanted your last few weeks of school to be different. We wanted that so much for you."

"I know." I picked my bag off the floor and slung it over my shoulder. "I'll see you after school."

"Love you," Julianne said.

Sam small smile was filled with awe and pride.

"I love you guys too," I said, walking toward the garage.

"What else can we do?" I heard Julianne say. "I need things to be better for her."

"She's the toughest person I know, honey. She doesn't need us to fix this for her. We'll just love her through it."

I smiled. That would carry me through the day.

In biology, there were already whispers of trouble between Weston and me. Sara didn't ask, and that struck me as odd. Maybe it was already evident in my face, even though I was getting to practice my stoicism again. The scars that had formed over the years were easily brought back to the surface, stronger than ever, because this time I had a solid support system at home. I knew no matter what happened with Weston, I would always have Sam and Julianne. They were mine. Forever.

During second period, right in the middle of Mrs. Vowel's lesson, Mrs. Pyles stood in the doorway with her trademark smile.

"I need Erin, Mrs. Vowel."

The teacher dropped her arm from writing on the Smart Board. "Should she take her things, or will she be back?"

Mrs. Pyles looked to me. "Go ahead and grab your stuff."

I did as asked and followed her down the plexiglas-lined hall, garnering stares from the students and teachers in every class we passed.

"They think I've hit the lottery," I whispered. "And at the same time they're judging me, thinking I'm benefiting from Alder's death. Every good thing that happens to me gets twisted."

"I'm worried about you," she said. "Apparently Mr. Bringham and Mrs. Rogers are too. They want to touch base with you about how things are going."

"Did Sam call?"

"Mr. Bringham didn't say as much. Why? Is everything okay at home?"

"Sam and Julianne are wonderful."

Mrs. Pyles looked relieved. "Good. You deserve nothing less."

"Are we going to the office now?"

Mrs. Pyles nodded.

"Did they send you to get me?"

"It's my planning hour. I heard Mrs. Rogers ask a student to send a note to have you come to the office, and I said I would do it. I thought this would give us time to chat. I saw you got a new car. That's pretty fantastic."

"It's incredible. Sam and Julianne have already done so much for me"

"They're such good people. And obviously lucky too."

"Lucky?"

"To have you with them again. Getting you back, even after losing Alder, must have made it a little easier, don't you think?"

"I don't know. They don't really talk about it. I think they are afraid it's unfair to me to talk about missing her."

"I can see that. Makes sense. But they can miss her and still be glad to have you."

"They do. They are. I don't know anyone else who could handle it the way they have. I hear Julianne crying in Alder's room sometimes. Not a lot. It must be really hard for them, not being able to grieve normally."

"It's unique. Both sad and happy. But everyone sees how happy you've made them."

"You think so?" I asked, stopping in front of the office.

"Absolutely." She winked at me and opened the door.

The secretary, Mrs. Bookout, popped up from her seat. She was barely taller than the partition that separated her desk area from the rest of the office lobby.

"I'll just tell them you're here," she said.

When she reappeared, she gestured for me to go in.

"Are you coming?" I asked Mrs. Pyles.

"I have to use the copy machine and get a few things together for next period."

With that, she walked behind the partition and down the hall to the back offices, and I walked into Mr. Bringham's office. He sat behind his desk with a kind smile, his fingers intertwined in front of him. Mrs. Rogers sat in one of the two chairs in front of his desk, equally happy. This time the vice principal, Mr. Mann, sat in on the meeting as well. His reddish, thinning hair and square glasses matched his rust sweater.

"I hope you're not nervous, Erin. We just wanted to check in with you. How are things going at the new place? Getting along well with Sam and Julianne?"

"They've been incredible. They told me the other day that they're taking care of my college expenses."

Mrs. Rogers beamed. "That is fantastic news, Erin. It truly is. We're very happy for you. Looks like you're getting settled."

"I'm happy for me too."

Mr. Mann crossed his arms and leaned against the wall. "Your grades are still looking good. We're very impressed with how you've handled all of this."

"Thank you."

"How are things with Gina?" Mrs. Rogers asked quietly.

"Nonexistent."

She nodded, clearly not sure how to react. "Everyone reacts differently. This must be hard for her too."

"Actually, I think she's relieved."

"Oh," Mr. Mann said, shaking his head. "I wouldn't go that far. You're a great young lady, Erin. We just want you to know that we're here. We're rooting for you. Things like this...Sometimes reality hits when we're not prepared, and if you find yourself lost, we'd like for you to let us find you some resources to help you wrap your head around all of this. Because it's a lot."

They all stared at me, as if they were waiting for me to break down.

"It hasn't been totally smooth. It's a lot to take in. But we're taking it one day at a time."

"So nice to hear you say we," Mrs. Rogers said. "It's important to have support at home."

"I agree. I was just thinking today how much it's helped."

They looked at each other, relieved and satisfied with our chat. After we had touched base on my grades, college plans, and how impressed with me they were, they released me from class, but not before Mr. Bringham offered a chair anytime I needed to talk. I thanked him and headed for my locker.

Their positivity and smiles had my mind elsewhere, so when I turned the corner to see a devastated Weston standing at my locker, I was unprepared. I paused and then continued, determined to get through the combination lock quickly and exchange my English textbook for my Algebra II workbook.

He said nothing, just stood a few inches from me while I turned the black dial back and forth. I loaded my textbook onto the upper shelf and pulled out my flimsy algebra workbook. When I closed the long metal door and turned, Weston hooked his finger in my shirt.

"You read her journal from this year, didn't you?"

I didn't answer.

"I know what you're thinking. I understand that you hate me right now, and if I were you, I'd hate me too, but please let me explain. You can punch me or scream at me if you want, but just hear me out."

I didn't turn around. I didn't want him to see the redness that darkened my face from chin to hairline.

"Sam told you to stay away."

"Even if we didn't have two classes together, I can't stay away from you."

"Try," I said, walking away. I didn't look back.

Algebra didn't keep me as busy as I'd hoped. The thought of Weston staring at the back of my head or trying to talk to me during health and art made me queasy. So much that I could barely eat the cheese fries I'd ordered at Sonic during lunch.

The carhops hustled in and out of the double glass doors like ants at the mouth of their hill. The cars were parked in their respective spots on each side of the drive-in restaurant. Trucks and sedans all had their windows rolled down, the drivers either waiting for their order or pushing the button on the small silver box beneath the menu sign and waiting their turn.

My red BMW was the only vehicle parked with the window rolled up; my thoughts could have steamed the windows. Scream and punch him? I felt like I'd been screaming underwater my entire life; it was comforting to keep my feelings just beneath the surface. Most people wouldn't understand, but reactions were dangerous, like temptation or addiction. Letting someone affect me was giving away the only control I had, and even if it was Weston, letting go-even once-of the fortitude I'd kept for so long was a slippery slope I was too afraid to step on.

Slipping off course now wouldn't achieve anything. Weston's need to explain and make this right was about him, not me. Justice was not his, it was mine. I had been the one surviving since the fifth grade.

Spanish with Miss Alcorn was uneventful, but I spent the entire period worrying about the next one. Weston sat right behind me in health class, and I dreaded any snide remarks from Brady. Since the deaths of the Erins, he wasn't quite as vocal, but he still had his moments.

As I walked to class, Weston appeared next to me. We walked together in silence, and I didn't acknowledge him when I sat down. It seemed all the worrying I'd done the hour before was for nothing, until five minutes before the dismissal bell, when familiar fingers grazed my shirt.

"Erin," he whispered. "Please."

"Quit begging, Gates," Brady said from the back of the class. "You've turned into such a pussy. She found out. Just give it up already."

I kept my face pointed forward. Coach Morris looked up from grading papers. His eyes darted to Brady and then to Weston.

"Is there a problem?"

After a brief pause, Brady spoke up. "No problem. Weston just won't leave Erin alone, even though she wants him to."

Coach Morris's eyes quickly moved to me. "Is that true?"

I swallowed and then shook my head. "I don't know what he's talking about."

Weston's fingers touched me again, and I leaned forward.

Coach Morris noticed.

"Weston," he began.

"It's really nothing," I said, begging him with my eyes not to call attention to me.

Coach considered my silent request and conceded, going back to his papers.

"I'd say Weston lying to you, pretending to like you, making you think he's into you enough for you to say yes to prom so Alder could pour shit soup over your head in front of everyone is something," Brady said.

A collective gasp echoed throughout the class, and then the whispering began.

I closed my eyes and then turned. I had to see the expression on Weston's face for myself. I needed to hear him deny it.

His teeth were clenched. He was breathing through his nose, his nostrils flaring. He hung on to his desk as if his life depended on it, his knuckles red and then bright white.

I could feel tears burn in my eyes.

"Say it's not true," I whispered so softly that I practically breathed the words.

"It's not true," Weston said through his teeth.

"You're a damn liar," Brady said from the back, a smile in his voice. "I was there when they planned it."

As if he knew what was about to happen, Coach Morris jumped over his desk at the exact moment Weston left his.

Weston wildly swiped and grabbed for Brady, held back just in time by the coach.

"You spoiled, repugnant, miserable piece of shit!" Weston screamed.

Brady sat back in his seat, watching Weston with wide eyes.

Coach Morris struggled with Weston all the way out of the classroom, and moments later the bell rang. The other students gathered their things and rushed out so they could see whatever scene was happening in the hall.

I sat in my desk, unmoving, feeling raw and exhausted. Brady was packing his backpack slowly. The anatomy posters and charts would be the only witnesses to whatever salt he was about to pour in my wound.

"Erin," he said, his voice low and soft. "I'm a dick. I work pretty hard for the title. I'm also just low enough to know that the best way to get back at Gates is to go to prom with me."

I froze. That wasn't even the last thing I expected him to say. Asking me to prom wasn't anywhere on the spectrum of things Brady Beck might say to me. I looked up at him, and for the first time, he wasn't glaring at me with hatred or disdain.

"You...don't have a date to prom?" I asked.

He tried somewhat of a smile, but it ended up being a small, indifferent shrug. "Not yet."

After a long pause, I stood up, still meeting his eyes, even though he was a head taller than I. "Maybe that's because everyone else thinks you're a spoiled, repugnant, miserable piece of shit too."

I walked away and didn't look back.

Chapter 9

EVERYTHING FELT INSIDE OUT. EVEN MORE THAN USUAL. Sam had rearranged his schedule with the hospital so he was home more, and because I was down to only a couple of evenings a week at the Dairy Queen, the hours after school were spent watching movies on the couch between my parents, playing Monopoly at the kitchen table, and driving Julianne to Ponca City to shop for shelving and decor for my future dorm room.

One night, sitting between Sam and Julianne on the couch while watching The Princess Bride, Sam reached behind my shoulders to twirl Julianne's hair. She leaned into his hand.

"How did you two meet?" I asked.

They looked at each other, and Sam paused the movie.

Julianne smiled, but Sam spoke first. "In high school."

"You're high school sweethearts?" I asked.

"Yes, we are," Julianne said, looking at Sam with the same love in her eyes that I'd seen in their wedding photos.

"Even through college?"

"Yep," Sam said. "We both went to Oklahoma University."

"Oh," I said. I knew that. I'd seen Julianne's diploma framed in the study.

"But we barely saw each other. I was a Kappa Kappa Gamma, your Sam was Sig Ep, and we both had a heavy workload. We agreed that our college experience came first, and if it was meant to be, we would stay together. We experienced things on our own, but my best memories were the things I experienced with Sam."

Sam pushed up his glasses and grinned. "Really?"

"Really." She leaned over and patted his knee and then looked at me. "You are going to have a great time at OSU. It's a beautiful campus."

"I'm looking forward to it even more than before," I said, looking down at my hands.

Julianne turned her body toward me, settling against the back cushion of the couch. "Have you talked to him?"

I shook my head. "I can't think of anything nice to say."

"Still angry?" Sam asked.

Julianne wrinkled her nose. "Of course she is. Still against prom?"

"I don't really...I'd never planned on going before."

"Maybe you could ask someone?" Sam asked.

I shrugged. "There's no one I really want to go with."

"What if...," Julianne began, but then she decided against it.

"What?" I asked.

"What if we went shopping for a dress, and if you decide to go, you're prepared. If not, we'll sell it, or you can keep it for a formal if you join a sorority."

"I won't join a sorority," I said with certainty.

She shrugged. "Then we'll sell it."

"Maybe," I said.

My phone lit. It was Weston. Again. It was always Weston. I put the phone back on the coffee table.

Sam and Julianne traded glances, and then Sam lifted his arm, pointing the remote at the television and pressing the play button.

On Monday I was in a strangely good mood, and I decided it was because I was scheduled to work. Weston had stopped trying to explain things to me days before, but he looked miserable. Just as I gathered my things in front of the mural and headed to my car-which was parked on the one end of the small group of cars parked in the lot, while Weston's truck was parked on the other end-Weston jogged up beside me.

I tried to ignore him, but as I reached for the handle, he grabbed my hand, putting a folded note in my palm.

I crinkled the notebook paper in my fist.

"Please read it. I won't bother you anymore, if you just read it."

With the tiniest movement, I nodded once and then opened my car door. The drive to the Dairy Queen from the mural was just a couple of minutes. I parked and walked into the small building, note in hand.

"Hey, stranger," Frankie said, smiling. She was on the phone, and I could tell immediately that she was talking to her mother about her kids.

I smiled at her, leaned against the counter, and fingered the paper in my hands. After several minutes I finally unfolded it, my face crumpling as I read the two simple sentences.

I TOLD MY DAD ABOUT DALLAS. SEE YOU AT SIX ON PROM NIGHT.

LOVE YOU,

WESTON

I crumpled the paper in my hand and held my fist to my chin, supporting my elbow by resting my other arm across my stomach.

Frankie watched me warily. "I've gotta go, Mom. Kiss the kids for me." She hung up the phone and took a few steps toward me. "What's that?"

"A note from Weston."

"Is it bad?"

"We aren't together anymore."

"You're not?"

"No. He...I found out he was planning to help Alder get me to prom so they could embarrass me."

"What?" she shrieked. "No. Weston wouldn't do that."

"It's in her journal. He didn't deny it. Brady knew about it."

The color left her face. "There has to be an explanation. There has to be something else you don't know."

"There is. I was stupid," I said, wiping the ridiculous tears falling down my cheeks.

"But...she's dead. Why would he continue with the plan?"

"He told her he would? I don't know. I knew there was more to it. I knew he wouldn't just suddenly have interest in me. I just...I wanted to believe it," I said, my voice breaking.

"What's in the note?" she asked, horrified.

I held it out to her, and she scrambled to read it. Then she looked up at me. "What does it mean?"

"I promised him that if he told his dad he wanted to go to the Art Institute of Dallas instead of Duke, then I would go to prom with him."

"You don't think he'd still go through with it. He's...Somewhere in the midst of all this, he had a change of heart, Erin. He fell for you, and now you know the awful truth, and he wants to fix it. He isn't the type of person to go through with something so cruel."

I shrugged.

"You don't have to go with him. If you're afraid of what will happen, don't go."

I lifted my chin and wiped my cheeks once more. "I'm not afraid of them. I refuse. No matter what they do to me, I am in control of the way others make me feel. They can't hurt me if I don't let them."

Frankie handed me the note, and I took it, folding the wrinkled paper into the same square it was in when Weston gave it to me. As I did so, the paper sliced my finger, and a small dot of blood pooled from the tiny cut. I shoved the note into the front pouch of my apron and wiped the blood on the closest napkin.

"They can bring whatever they've got. The joke's on them," I said, opening the window when the first car slowed to a stop in front of the shop.

Frankie watched me, shaking her head in awe. "You're so close to graduation. So close to being free."

I turned to fill a cup with soft serve and dumped in bananas and caramel, holding the cup up to the mixer. "I am not Easter anymore. I won't hide."

"You want to go with him."

Her words hit me with such force, I crouched to my knees, barely holding the cup on the counter.

"Is she all right?" the woman on the other side of the window said.

Frankie rushed over to me, kneeling down.

"I'm a high school senior who wants to go to prom. I've got one chance to see what that feels like. Screw 'em. Screw him. Screw 'em all."

"Attagirl," Frankie said, holding her palm to my back. "To hell with 'em. And if he does anything to embarrass you, even so much as acts like a fool, God help him. Because your parents and me will nail him to the wall."

I stood, holding the cup in both hands. "You won't have to worry about that. I am writing my own story. And in my story, I get a happy ending. No matter what happens, they can't touch me."

I pulled my cell phone from the front pouch of my apron and texted Julianne.

Do you have plans tomorrow?

No. Did you have something in mind?

I've been asked to prom. Kind of.

Yay! Who?

Weston.

Are you sure?

Not really. But I'm going.

Okay, then. We'll discuss this turn of events later. But you're going to need a dress.

Tuesday after school, Julianne met me at Frocks and Fashions downtown. I just sort of stood around while she looked at the dresses. She would show me one, and I'd shake my head.

After several noes, she approached me. "What's your favorite color?" she asked.

"All of them."

"That's convenient." She chuckled.

"What about this one?" she said, holding up a sea-green dress with a full skirt and a bunched bodice. I shook my head again.

"What do you dislike about it?"

"The big skirt. The color. The fact that it's strapless."

She nodded. "Got it."

A few minutes later, she held up another dress, her eyes animated. "Look at this one!" She took a closer look at the tag. "It's your size!"

It was blush pink, the long skirt soft and flowing to the floor, with a thick, gathered empire waistline that sat below a transparent bodice. The see-through fabric went over both shoulders, and hundreds of small silver rhinestones grouped together to cover the breast area and then broke apart as they traveled up to the neckline.

Julianne turned it around. The back was see-through like Alder's dress, but the rhinestones lined the outer edges instead of grouping at the bottom.

"Do you hate it?"

I shook my head. "No, it's kind of pretty, actually."

"Yeah?" she said. "Why don't you try it on?"

"I don't know. I feel like I'd be wasting your money if I don't go."

"Phooey. Come on," she said, pulling open the curtain to one of the dressing areas.

I took the dress from her hands and went inside, closing the curtain behind me. I pulled the dress from the plastic and stepped into it, pulling it up and slipping my arms through the holes.

"I found the perfect shoes!" Julianne said.

I tried zipping it up, but couldn't maneuver my hands far enough up my back. "I think I need help with the zipper."

"Can I come in?" she asked.

I pulled back the curtain, and she gasped. "Gracious," she said quietly, lowering the shoes in her hands.

I looked down. "It's nice."

She took me by the hand and cupped my shoulders, facing me toward the three-paneled mirror. She zipped the back up the rest of the way and handed me the shoes.

"This is not nice," she said. "This is spectacular."

I caught Weston watching me dozens of times the rest of the week, always seeming like he was on the edge of saying something, but he never did. The green eyes that I used to long to connect with became a source of conflict, as I hoped to see them and dreaded seeing them at the same time. Finally, on Friday morning before class, he met me at my locker.

"It's my last game tonight. You said you'd go."

"We've both said a lot of things."

He winced, and then he forced a nervous smile. "What...what does that mean? Are you really not going to go to prom after I told my dad about Dallas? It was a big deal. He yelled. Then he talked for hours about how much I'd grown up. After he accepted it, of course. I was scared outta my mind. But I did it."

I kept my eyes on the back wall of my locker.

"I enrolled online for Dallas yesterday."

I still didn't speak.

"Please come to my game. I'll make you a deal. Double or nothing. If we don't win tonight, you don't have to go to prom with me."

I looked up at him. "Why? Is it really so important to you that you carry this out for Alder?"

His brows pulled together, and he shook his head. "Nothing is more important to me than you. I don't know how to say I'm sorry. I would do anything to take back agreeing to Alder's plan. I wanted to go with you. I wanted to spend time with you. The rest could have been avoided."

"You want," I glared up at him. "It never stops being about what you want, does it?"

"I guess so. I don't want regrets. I want to hold the girl I love in my arms during the last dance. I want her watching my last baseball game. I want those last memories of high school, but I want them with you. But that's all I want. I swear it."

I shut my locker.

"Come to the game. If we lose, I'll take back my tux and cancel your wrist corsage."

"You ordered me a wrist corsage?" I said, dubious.

"And a white limo," he said, his eyes hopeful.

I took my biology book and left Weston standing at my locker alone. As I walked to class, something close to nausea set in while I choked back the debilitating mix of emotions swirling inside me.

Chapter 10

THE TONE BUZZED ONCE AND THEN AGAIN. My hand felt sweaty against the cell phone in my hand as the BMW made its way to the baseball field.

"Hi, sweetie," Julianne said when she answered.

"I'm...I'm driving to the baseball field. Weston's last game is tonight."

"Oh?" she said without judgment.

Her lack of surprise surprised me. "He asked me to come. He also reminded me that I promised to go to prom with him."

"This is beginning to make more sense," she said, trying to sound positive. "As a mother, I'm not sure I'm okay with coercion."

"Tell me to come home."

"You don't want to go to the game?"

"No. But yes. But no."

Her breath blew into the phone. "Can I come?"

"To the game?"

"Yes. Your Sam is here. I bet he'd like to go to Weston's last game too."

"Um...yes. Yes. Please come." At least I would have someone to sit with.

"On our way in ten," she said. "See you soon."

I set the phone in the cup holder and turned the wheel to the right, into the baseball field's parking lot. It was already full, with vehicles overflowing into the grass belonging to the fairgrounds to the north. A white, newer, high school bus that read CHISOLM LONGHORNS was parked on the south end of the parking lot, empty. People were still filing in to the gate, but by the scoreboard, I could see that the game had already started.

When I walked in, Weston just happened to be walking from somewhere near the dugout to home plate with a bat in his hand and a maroon helmet on his head. He looked up into the stands for a moment and then looked down to his cleats, tapping the bat against his left foot.

He took a step and glanced back one more time, seeing me walk in. He jogged to the fence, sticking his fingers through the holes and hanging on with a wide smile and relief in his eyes.

"Erin!"

I pulled my mouth to the side, my emotions torn between being embarrassed by the attention and being flattered by his reaction.

"Get going, Gates!" Coach Langdon barked.

He looked back to his coach, to me, and then jogged to his position. I watched him as I climbed the steps. He let the first ball go by.

"Strike!" the umpire called, holding his fist in the air. The crowd booed.

Weston leaned forward and twisted his hands around the grip of the bat. The pitcher hurled the ball at him, and Weston swung. The ball met the bat with a crack and then launched, low and straight, right past the shortstop, and bounced into left field, sending the outfielders sprinting.

The crowd cheered while Weston ran to and reached first base. He kissed his index and middle finger and held it in my direction.

"Erin!" Veronica called with a smile. She waved me over, and I sat with her on the fourth row, to the left of home plate.

Julianne and Sam joined us less than an inning later, sitting on each side of me. None of them had a clue how much was riding on this game, and I began to feel guilty about putting that extra pressure on Weston.

The first two innings, the Blackwell Maroons were up, but the next two were plagued with mistakes, and we were four runs down. I could see the frustration on Weston's face, and he began yelling cheers and jeers to his teammates from the dugout and the pitcher's mound.

Once he pitched the ball, and it came straight back at him. He ducked, and it went straight into the second baseman's mitt. The crowd let out a collective ooh.

"Lord, that was close," Veronica said, putting her hand on her chest.

"The pitchers should really have to wear helmets too," Sam said.

Weston coughed into his elbow and waited for the catcher. He shook his head twice and then nodded. He reared back, hiked his leg, and launched the ball at the batter.

"Someone's lit a fire under his ass today," Peter said after Weston threw three consecutive strikes.

The umpire called the out, and the players jogged into the dugout. The Chisolm players put on their mitts and ran to their positions on the field.

In the sixth inning, we were batting, down by one. I could hear coughing from the dugout.

"Is that Weston?" Veronica said. "He has his inhaler, right?"

"He always does," Peter said, trying to sound casual, but I caught a hint of worry in his voice.

"He's been having a lot of flare-ups with his asthma lately," Veronica told Julianne.

A commotion drew our attention to Blackwell's dugout, and then Coach Langdon stepped out and yelled. The paramedics standing by rushed to the coach, and players began to hop out, walking backward as they watched in astonishment at whatever we couldn't see. Peter stood, taking two steps at a time down the bleachers. Veronica took the cement steps.

"Oh God," I said.

My parents stood too, and I followed them down the stairs and through the gate.

"Let's go!" Julianne commanded.

"Weston?" Veronica cried.

Peter was holding her shoulders as she cupped her hands over her mouth.

One of the paramedics ran to the ambulance and came back with a gurney and supplies, quickly loading Weston onto the stretcher. That was the first time I got a good look at him. He was pale, his hair soaked and stuck to his forehead. His eyes were rolled back into his head as he gasped for air. His inhaler fell out of his hand to the ground.

"Go! Go!" Sam barked, helping Julianne and the paramedics push the stretcher's wheels across the dirt and grass to the sidewalk, and then to the ambulance.

The entire crowd was silent. The players all took a knee, holding their hats over their hearts.

"No, no, no," I whispered, watching helplessly.

The ambulance sped off with full lights and sirens down Coolidge Street toward the hospital, and Peter and Veronica ran to their cars.

"Erin! Erin! Come on!" Julianne called to me from the parking lot.

I ran with her to her G-Wagon. The door slammed behind me, and I watched her twist the ignition and yank the gear into reverse and then into drive.

"Where's Sam?"

"In the ambulance. Weston's had asthma attacks before. Not in a long time, but he will be okay. He will."

"You promise?" I said, my entire body trembling.

Julianne's lips pressed together, making a hard line. "He can't do this again. He wouldn't."

"Who?"

"God."

I blinked and then looked out the window, watching the houses pass by.

Julianne pulled into the back lot of the hospital where the ambulance bay was located. The ambulance was already parked, its back door hanging wide open.

Julianne held my hand, and I kept her quick pace as we walked inside to the waiting room.

Mothers holding feverish babies and an elderly couple, one of them with a deep cough, took up the few chairs available-not that we needed them.

I wrapped my arms around my middle, and after twenty grueling minutes, Sam appeared. He looked worried.

"They're stabilizing him," he said, but he put his hand on the small of Julianne's back and led her into the hallway.

They spoke softly, having an intense conversation. Julianne looked back at me once and covered her mouth with her hand.

I couldn't find a comfortable place to put my hands, so I finally resorted to crossing them across my stomach again.

Sam and Julianne returned, taking me in both of their arms.

"He's going to be okay," Sam said.

"You're sure?" I asked.

"They're working on it." He handed me a five-dollar bill. "Why don't you get us some waters from the vending machine down the hall?"

I nodded, taking the bill and leaving the waiting room, turning right. I could see the vending machine. It was close to the end of the hall, near the front entrance. On my way, a woman in scrubs rushed past me, pushing a square-shaped piece of equipment with an arm and a camera-like contraption on the end. It looked like a portable X-ray machine, and I imagined she was heading for Weston's room.

The vending machine took Sam's five-dollar bill. I pressed the button for a bottle of water, collected the change that fell into a bin at the bottom, and then repeated the process two more times. The waters felt good against my skin as I carried them back to the waiting room.

Sam and Julianne were standing next to Coach Langdon and stopped talking when I approached. They took their waters but didn't open them.

Sam hugged me to him, and we waited. When I couldn't wait any longer, I stood by the door, watching the clouds roll by, and witnessed the sky turning dark. One by one the players and the coaches stopped by and ambled around the waiting room like we did.

Another lifetime later, Peter turned the corner, and everyone gathered around him.

"They have his oxygen levels back to normal. He's getting a breathing treatment now, but they're going to keep him overnight. They'll be moving him to a room upstairs soon."

Weston's teammates' departures were staggered, and then it was just Sam, Julianne, Coach Langdon, and I. Peter came back in, followed by Veronica and a couple of nurses pushing a hospital bed down the hall.

I tried to glance past Peter but couldn't get a good look.

"Thank God," Julianne said.

"Thanks for your help today," Peter said to my parents. "If you hadn't helped, I don't know that he would have made it to the hospital."

Julianne glanced back at me when I gasped.

"But he's okay now, right?" I asked.

Peter nodded, touching my shoulder. "He needs to rest. We'll call you tomorrow."

I nodded, and Peter left us for the hall.

Sam and Julianne breathed out a simultaneous breath of relief.

"I feel like I should have caught it earlier," Coach Langdon said.

"Don't blame yourself," Julianne said.

The coach rubbed the back of his neck. "Ask Peter to keep me updated."

Sam nodded, and the coach pulled his keys from his pocket and pushed the glass door, walking in quick steps to his car.

"You ready, honey?" Sam said to me, holding out his hand.

"He stayed out there because he wanted to win," I said. "He probably knew what was happening, and he didn't tell anyone because he wanted to finish the game."

Sam offered a sympathetic smile. "It was his last game, Erin."

"No, I agreed. He said if he lost his game today, then I wouldn't have to go to prom with him."

Julianne frowned.

Tears filled my eyes. "He didn't want to go to Duke. He wanted to go to the Art Institute of Dallas. I gave him my word that if he told Peter, I would go to prom with him. He told Peter, but I couldn't go. Not after...Weston offered a double or nothing. He asked me to come to game today, and said if he didn't win, then he wouldn't bother me about prom."

Julianne's lip trembled. "This isn't your fault, sweetheart."

"I was going to go anyway. I didn't care what they did to me, I was going to go, but I've been torturing him the last two weeks, making him feel like I hated him. I know exactly how it feels to be hated, and I did it to him. That's so much worse than what anyone has ever done to me."

"Erin, honey," Sam began, but I shook my head and took a step back from him.

"Everyone's been saying how he was the awful one, and I was the victim. Even him. But you're all wrong. I'm the terrible one. I know how hurtful it is, and I...I love him. I know what it's like to feel rejection from someone who's supposed to love you. I had no excuse to treat him that way, and he nearly died today over the stupid prom. Just so I would go with him."

Those still seated in the waiting room watched the scene I was making, half of them curious, half of them making judgments.

"You're exhausted," Sam said. "Let's go home, and we'll bring you back first thing in the morning. As soon as you wake up."

I shook my head. "I can't leave him. I should be here."

"I know you want to-" Sam said.

"No, I should. It's a should, Sam, not just a want."

"Okay," Julianne said, taking my hand. "Sam, you have an early case. I'll stay here with our daughter."

Sam nodded. "Of course. Of course," he said, taking Julianne's keys when she extended them. He hugged us both and pushed the door open, disappearing into the dark parking lot.

Julianne spoke with one of the women behind the admissions desk, and then she gestured for me to follow her. We walked to the elevator and rode it to the second floor.

The waiting room was dark and empty. Julianne switched on the light, and we took a seat on a bench seat. She pulled me to lie down in her lap, and I did, letting the tears fall from my eyes, across my nose, and onto her jeans. She ran her fingers through my hair but didn't speak.

"I was scared," I whispered. "I didn't know how to forgive him. I didn't know how to be in love with him. I didn't know how to make it work. I feel like I've been waiting for my life to begin, and Blackwell was the holding pattern. I thought Weston was part of that. I couldn't see anyone from here fitting into my new life."

"You were hurt by what you read in those journals. On top of the years of hurt you've already endured. No one blames you. Not even Weston. It's obvious by his behavior. Did he say why he agreed to help Alder?"

"Just that she offered him a way to do something he already wanted."

"Oh," she said, but it was more of an aw. She placed her palm gently on my forehead.

"He makes me feel too much. I've spent my entire life not letting people get to me. The way I feel about him scares me."

"Rest, my love. It will all be different in the morning."

I lay there, trying to relax, but as tired as my body felt, I couldn't close my eyes, afraid of waking up to bad news. Hours went by, and I felt Julianne's hand relax, and her breathing leveled off.

Footsteps shuffled from the tiled hallway to the carpeted waiting room, and I looked up to see Veronica standing in the doorway.

"Guess who's awake," she whispered with a smile.

I sat up, waking Julianne.

"Is he better?" I asked.

"He's asking for you. He won't go back to sleep. I was hoping you were still here."

"Can I see him?" I asked, leaning forward.

Veronica stepped to the side. "He's in two ten."

I shot up from my seat and tried not to run down the hall, searching every plaque on the wall with numbers until I reached Weston's room. It was dark, and I walked in slowly.

He was sitting up, his dark form stiffening when he recognized me.

"Erin," he said, his voice weak. He patted the thin blue blanket, wanting me to sit in the empty spot next to him.

His hand was taped, with IV tubing leading to a bag of saline. A cannula was in his nose and hooked over the back of his ears, the oxygen flowing from an apparatus on the wall.

He was still pale and seemed frail in the baby-blue hospital gown he wore. His feet reached all the way to the end of the bed.

I sat next to him, just like I'd wanted to since we'd arrived, but now that I was there, the words didn't come.

He kept his head back, resting against several pillows that were used to prop him up.

"Did we win?" he asked.

I laughed once. "Who cares?"

"I do. I really don't want to miss taking you to prom."

I shook my head. "It doesn't matter. I'll go with you if you still want me to."

He frowned. "Well, hell. If I'd known all I had to do was have an asthma attack to get you to go with me, I would have had one weeks ago." He winked.

"That's not funny."

His face crumpled. "I would have never let them embarrass you at prom, Erin. I agreed to try to get you to like me and to try to get you to prom. I never agreed to let them humiliate you."

"Not now," I said. "Wait until you're feeling better."

"I need to know that you understand. No, more than that. I need you to believe me. I agreed to get closer to you, but it was just an excuse, Erin. Alder was willing to hand me something I'd wanted for a long time...without harassing you about it. She wanted to get you to prom, so she was going to back off. They all were."

"What about what happened on the corner that day with the Erins and Brady? What about her stopping by my work?"

"If she completely backed off, she was afraid you'd figure out what they were up to."

"What you were up to. You keep talking like you weren't in on it."

"It was the only way to be with you without making you even more of a target. What kind of chance would I have then?"

"It wasn't just to keep me from catching hell."

"Okay, I admit it. I wanted to be with you and just enjoy it. I knew they wouldn't leave us alone. At the time I thought it was the perfect solution. If you want to get home, sometimes you gotta steal a base once in a while."

"It's not a game, Weston. If it hadn't gone the way you wanted-"

"If I really thought there was no way to avoid what they were going to try to pull at prom, we would have had our own, at our overpass, just you and me. I wouldn't have risked it. You're right, I was sneaky about it, and it's not a game. But at the end of the day, there was no way to break up with Alder to be with you and make that work. It would have been miserable. I would have lost you. You would decide it wasn't worth it. You would have avoided me like the plague until you left for college, and that would be it."

I looked up at him. He looked as if he were physically in pain at the thought.

"But everything's changed. You should have told me."

"I couldn't risk it, Erin. I thought I was crazy about you before, planning all that out just for a chance with you. I didn't think it was possible to love you more, but it's happened. I panicked. I didn't know what to do."

"Tell the truth. Even when it sucks. Even when it's not about me anymore. Like the Erins being half sisters."

His chin nearly touched his chest when he looked down at me. "You know about that too?"

"I read all of them. I know everything."

He thought about that for a moment, shaking his head in awe. "Crazy to think how different things would have been if they had somehow found out without the accident."

"I don't want to. It would make me crazy thinking about the what-ifs when there are already so many what-happeneds to deal with. I just want to know the whole truth about what happened, Weston. If I know, I feel like then we can all move forward."

"Even us?" he asked.

I shrugged against his chest with a small smile. My eyes had adjusted to the dark, and I could see his thoughts spinning behind his eyes.

"Okay, here's the whole truth: I've thought about how to be with you since middle school," he said. "It was our senior year. I didn't have much time left, and I was getting desperate. You think Sonny was smart enough to come up with that plan on her own? Who do you think planted the seed in that warped brain of hers?"

"So humiliating me at prom was your idea?" I said, trying to keep my voice calm.

He frowned, disappointed that I'd come to that conclusion. "No, of course not. I played into their jealousy. I antagonized Alder sometimes about it. I made sure she saw me steal glances at you. We got into a big fight one night. She said I'd never have a chance with you because you wouldn't cross her. That's when it hit me. So the next time you came up in conversation-which was often-I teased them. I said I could totally get you to date me."

I raised an eyebrow.

His expression pleaded for me to let him finish explaining. "Sonny said the same thing that Alder did, that you wouldn't have the nerve. That was all I needed. That one moment.

"I bet her that I could get you to go to prom with me. After one discussion with Brady, the Carrie movie came up. That's when they tried to talk me into it. That's when I said yes, but it was always my way of getting close to you without being harassed. Just so we could enjoy it."

"What about after prom?" I asked.

"I was going to ask you the same question. What about after summer?" he said, intertwining his fingers in mine. "I'll drive to Oklahoma every weekend if I have to. I know you have this idea of what life after Blackwell was going to be. But you can still be what you wanted to be when we started. I just want to be with you. I wanna leave Blackwell behind with you. I want to watch you become whatever you want."

"We'll figure it out," I said. "Neither one of us has a clue what we want to be."

He squeezed my hand. "All I am is all we are."

My bottom lip trembled. I'd been so awful to him, and now he was in a hospital bed, trying to make things right. "You shouldn't be nice to me. I don't deserve special treatment from you anymore."

"Do you have any idea how long I've loved you, Erin?"

I smiled, tears burning my eyes. "As long as I've loved you."

He pulled me to him, and I lay next to him in his hospital bed, seeing the silhouettes of Veronica and Julianne in the doorway.

Weston wrapped both arms around me and took in a deep breath, resting his head on mine. Soon he relaxed, and the quiet beeping of his heart monitor slowed to an even rhythm.

Veronica hugged Julianne to her side, and they left the doorway, walking down the hall.

I rested my cheek against Weston's chest. The next weekend was prom, and two weeks after that was graduation. The only thing to worry about was the conversation I needed to have with Gina. Everything else felt like clean PJs and warm sheets straight out of the dryer. Weston and I would have the entire summer to spend together before we left for college, and for the first time, he felt like part of my beginning instead of a happy ending.

