1

Stella

I like cemeteries. They're quiet, well-groomed, and overall possibly the safest place in the city. I can talk all I want, and the company doesn't talk back. At least for now. Someday, as Joss often reminds me, the pathetic remains of my sanity will crack and she'll find me conversing with crows while I try to convince her that the dead souls that inhabit the black-feathered bodies are real and are warning us of an impending apocalypse.

For kicks, I like to flutter my eyelashes and tell her it's really the blue jays she needs to worry about.

I brush the dried leaves off the grave marker. It's one of the cheaper ones, made of gray stone and buried flat against the ground. If it weren't for people like me, these spots would be overwhelmed with grass, scattered brush and dust. They'd become, like me, forgotten.

"Do you think she wanted more?" I fall back onto my bottom and wrap my arms around my bare knees, as my jean cutoffs were "cut off" a little too short, thanks to Joss. She's all about skin and believes everyone else should be, too.

The boy six spots down from me is still absorbed in the fairly new grave, his hands shoved into his pockets. He's got to be roasting in his jeans and dark blue T-shirt. The September sun can be brutal to those who are unprepared. It's how I found Lydia. Thanks to the towering tree, her stone has shade.

"I said, do you think she wanted more?" I repeat. It's the third time he's been here this past week. The tenth time in a month. That type of behavior signals serious grief issues, and that's not healthy. And on the selfish side, he's cramping my alone time. "Her name was Lydia. She was twenty-four when she died and she has a flat grave marker. Did she like understated or was this chosen for her?"

He's sluggish turning his head. Sort of like he's in one of those action flicks that thinks it's emo and cool to slo-mo the flying bullets. "What?"

"I like Lydia's grave. Actually, I just like Lydia. Year after year, dandelions pop up around her marker, even when they spray for weeds. I believe it means she was sweet."

No response, but he's still gaping at me. It could be because of my violet hair and not because he's questioning his reality. There's not a person on the planet who doesn't look at another human in a cemetery and wonder for a split second: Is that a ghost?

I normally don't talk to the newbies. They usually visit in the first two weeks after the burial and then drop off the face of the planet. The seriously grieving continue to visit once or twice a month, but they eventually also move on. Then you have men like Rick who visit daily, waiting until he can be buried alongside the woman he loves.

This kid is my age-high school, maybe lower college. It's hard to tell with the curved-in lid of his baseball cap hiding a good portion of his face. The black Charger he drives says he's bankrolled, so he's either already on the way or is currently college material. Overall, too young to be mourning like Rick.

But then again, I shouldn't judge. That is, after all, my pet peeve.

There's a slight chance that this guy could be a freak like me who doesn't know a person buried here and, if so, it'd be nice to finally have a kindred spirit. I get tired of being alone. "My grandma used to pick dandelions and rub them under my chin and if my skin turned yellow it meant I was nice."

On the other side of the cemetery, an industrial mower springs to life and happily hums. I pick the largest dandelion of the bunch and hold it out to him. "Come here."

"Why?"

I shrug. "Because if you don't you're going to go home and be ticked because you should have."

It's a clear day. Bright blue sky with an occasional fluffy cloud. He takes a particular interest in one that resembles a duck. Obviously he's going to need more coaxing. "We're surrounded by a couple hundred dead people. Think there's someone here who left regret-free? Take a risk and come here. Or are you scared the dandelion will tell on you?"

"Tell what?" He angles himself in my direction now, and I like what I see of his sweet build. He readjusts his baseball cap to expose freshly cut light brown hair, and there's a sharp ache in my chest when I meet his blue eyes.

I know him. Rather, I know his friends. I also know what he's going to say about me at school tomorrow and that once he recognizes me he'll be out of here like a hearse after a funeral.

But his eyes possess the same sadness as old man Rick's and I have a choice: I can be like this kid and his friends or I can be better...I can be more. That decision is often why I'm here, and if Lydia's taught me anything it's that life can be short.

Inhaling deeply, I twirl the flower in my hand, knowing tomorrow I'll regret this. "Come here and find out."

2

Jonah

The keys in my pocket dig into my skin as I grip them. I should go. Leave. I've got no business being here, but no matter how I try to continue forward I end up going backward and returning to this grave.

I glance down at James Cohen. Which is it, dude? Would you have gone home or would you have taken a chance and talked to the crazy girl?

"The dandelion is calling your name. Can't you hear it?" She rests her wrists on her bent knees and flicks the yellow weed back and forth in her hand like a pendulum, then switches her tone. "Hey you, guy over there...come here."

Her mock dandelion voice is seductive. "You know you want to."

Because I have no idea how to say no to a talking flower, I walk over and drop to the ground next to her in the shade and I swear the temperature drops twenty degrees. "You look familiar."

"No, I don't."

She has chin-length purple hair that curls in. A fake red rose barrette pulls up one side of her hair and something nags at me like a bad memory stuck in deja vu mode. I've seen her before, only I can't figure out where. "Yeah, I know you."

"No, you don't." She moves her jaw, exposing her neck. "Put your chin up so I can see if you're nice."

"Are you saying we've never met?"

"I'm saying put your chin up. Do you make everything complicated or is it just with strangers in cemeteries?"

She's a petite thing. Very feminine in a white tank and cut-off jeans, but she possesses a commanding presence, bordering on hypnotic. Why I'm doing this, I don't know, yet I lift my jaw and jerk when she tickles my skin with the flower. She lowers it then pinches her lips.

"Well?" I ask.

"The dandelion says you'll live a long life, your lucky number is seventeen, and the way to say cat in Chinese is mao."

"Says all that, does it?"

"Dandelions never lie." She wildly gestures to the area near her neck. "You should wash before you go anywhere. You've got yellow underneath. So, what do you think, is Lydia the understated type or did her husband run off with the money from the insurance policy?"

"What's your name?"

"Not Lydia. Answer the question."

Out of all those in the area we're in, this is the simplest tombstone. Gray stone. Black lettering stating Lydia's name, birthdate and the day she died. Nothing else. No loving mother, sister or friend. No angel wings or harps or flowers drawn in for effect.

Not-Lydia reaches over and tears out the grass encroaching on the marker. It's not an irritated motion, but it's done with enough care that it finally feels weird to be at the cemetery by the grave of someone I had no relationship with. This place should be for those who want to remember. Maybe now I'll stop coming. "Who was Lydia to you?"

"Didn't know her."

My head whips in her direction. "What?"

"Didn't. Know. Her."

My insides completely bottom out. This girl had given me a reason to stay away and now it's gone.

"Answer the question," she prods.

James Cohen has the word beloved underneath his name and his marker is upright, standing easily two feet in the air. His picture is engraved on it and his image is nothing like the memory of him burned into my brain.

There's a stark loneliness to Lydia's stone that I wouldn't have noticed before James Cohen. "It wasn't her choice."

"I agree," she says in a small voice. "Lydia would have wanted more."

We're silent and the wind rustles through the leaves above us. School starts tomorrow. The first day of my senior year. I had plans for how this year was supposed to turn out, but the death of a complete stranger changed me and I don't like it. I pray nightly that my life will return to exactly how it was before.

"Who did you lose?" She circles the conversation back to me.

This guy haunts me. To the point where I'm starting to believe that ghosts do exist. "Someone." Someone I didn't know.

She nods like I told her something deep. "Yeah. That sucks. You know, they wouldn't want you to grieve like this. They'd want you to move on. Live and let live and all that."

And all that. I chuckle and dip my head, yanking down the bill of my cap. I have no idea what James Cohen would have wanted. Not a clue. "Why are you CWall here?"

She twirls the flower. "I like dandelions."

"For real. Who'd you lose?"

"No one here." She meets my eyes and I'm drawn in. They're gray-a color I've never seen before on a girl. This is crazy. I know her somehow and it's like an itch in my brain that I can't scratch because I can't peg her. How could I forget someone so strikingly gorgeous?

A car honks and a woman slips out the driver's side of the beat-up, multitoned, two-door piece of crap. She's a thin bleached blonde about my older sister's age, except this lady doesn't scream stay-at-home mom with two kids.

"Stella!" she yells. "Let's go, girl."

Stella. This is Stella. How could I frigging forget Stella? "I do know you. We go to school together. In third grade, you sat beside me and Cooper Higgins and..."

Her spine visibly straightens. "You were saying?"

...and Cooper Higgins called her Trash Can Girl. I mumble a curse and wonder how I can somehow rewind the conversation. I meet the one person who's been able to block the images of blood pumping out of an artery and I almost call her trash. Slick, moron. Real slick.

Stella stands and brushes off the dirt from her butt. "See you at school tomorrow, Jonah. Or maybe I won't since I'm so memorable."

She knew who I was the entire time. The black sludge inhabiting my veins forms fingers and grips my soul. I had this feeling a few times before in my life-before James Cohen.

One of them was when I spotted Stella crying underneath the slide on the playground in third grade. I told myself she wasn't crying because Cooper had made fun of her clothes and because I had laughed at his joke, but deep down I knew I was wrong. And as I was back then, I'm paralyzed as to how to atone for it.

Stella eases into the passenger side of the car and I wait, hoping she'll look once in my direction. The car vibrates as it turns right onto the narrow road, and Stella keeps staring straight ahead.

When am I ever going to learn? Or change? Or...I hate this. I snap off my baseball cap and cram my fingers into my hair. The ground beneath me feels unstable and I'm tired of walking on sinking sand. Why did everything have to change?

3

Stella

Careful to avoid the fifth step of the outdoor metal staircase, I hop onto the sixth step, and rust sprinkles to the blacktop below. Joss walks in front of me and she's slow going up the steps because she's doing that stupid hip sway to catch the eye of the guy who lives in the apartment below her. The sad part is, he's watching, but I don't think he's the kind of guy she should aim for.

"He doesn't have a job," I tell her when she reaches the second-floor walk and stops the stupid butt roll.

"You don't know that. He could be a superstar living off residual checks." Joss slides the key into the lock of her apartment door, but it's a meaningless gesture since the lock broke last month and the door will open with the slightest push. We both agreed to continue with the show of unlocking and locking for security reasons. "There are many the FHydoor wories as to why he's always home."

"Like he sells crack?" I mumble under my breath.

"Heard that," she sings. Joss nudges the door open and struts into her one-bedroom apartment. "Anyway, he doesn't have enough class for crack. I'm leaning toward meth."

"My mistake. I get the dealer's social classes mixed up."

Joss laughs and begins to root through the cupboards, pulling out boxes of crackers and Pop-Tarts to assess expiration dates. "Hungry for dinner?"

"Sure."

It's a tiny place that's five code violations beyond being condemned. Last year, the stupid landlord painted the lone window shut, making our little ant trap a fire hazard. The living room slash kitchen is the same size as most walk-in closets and the only bedroom barely fits a twin-size bed. My knees hit the sink when I sit on the toilet, but unlike the other units, Joss keeps the space homey thanks to her fascination with carousels. She's found several paintings of them at yard sales.

"I talked to that guy at the car dealership today," says Joss. "He said if you can enter that co-op program at school that he'd get you on part-time during the day and then you can have a full-time job as soon as you graduate."

"Awesome." Though internally the awesomeness of it is lost on me. It's as if someone's wrapped a plastic bag over my head and air is no longer a privilege. "Thanks for setting it up."

"No problem." Joss pitches a box of crackers into the garbage. "A girl's gotta work."

"Yep." It wasn't until this moment that I realized I was buying into that college crap the guidance counselors cram down our throats.

I plop onto the gray couch and dust scatters into the air along with the scent of mildew. Joss and I salvaged this fine piece of furniture near the dumpster on eviction day last month. I bet the great Jonah Jacobson doesn't smell mildew when he lounges on his couch. He and his little group of friends have tortured me since elementary school and I hate them for it.

Well, not exactly Jonah, but more his friends. They tell jokes with me as the punch line and I've seen him laugh...and sometimes not laugh. No one's tormented me since last year-the same time that Jonah shoved his hands in his pockets and kicked the ground when Cooper asked if I bought my jeans at a sale at Goodwill.

I flipped Cooper off and told him that I heard his girlfriend was cheating on him. Which it turns out was true.

Even though Jonah didn't laugh, he's as bad as everyone else. He never tells anyone to back off. The weird part is, for about five minutes today, I almost felt like I made a friend. "Do you think people can change?"

"No." Joss opens a box of wannabe Frosted Flakes. "That's why I'm throwing my business around for the jerk downstairs. Your daddy is going to be around soon."

My head snaps up and my heart squeezes to the point of pain. "You heard from my dad?"

Joss points a newly painted fingernail at me. She may not have money for a better apartment, but she does pay for manicures. Guys, she says, notice those things. "Nope. Don't do it, Stella. Don't go getting sentimental over the man. He abandoned you...again."

It's the again that stings. My dad, he's the only thing besides Joss I've got, and I' Kgotizem not a moron about why Joss lets me stay. We both suffer from the same delusional issue: we love a man who doesn't or can't or is unable to love us the same way in return. Joss keeps me around because if I'm here, Dad will eventually roll into town and into her life.

"So..." I take a deep breath then hedge, "Dad's coming back?"

"I hear hope," says Joss. "Kill it and kill it now. Hope is a deadly snake with fangs of poison."

"How literary," I reply.

The evil glare she throws me shuts me up. "I mean what I said, but yes, your dad called me at the club last night and said he's heading back."

I bite my bottom lip, not wanting to ask, and yet I do. "Did he ask about me?"

One heartbeat goes by. Another. Each one is like a shard of glass ripping through my chest.

"Yes," she finally answers. "And he's called a couple of times over the past few months to make sure I'm still giving you a place to crash, but this is the first time he said he's returning. But it could mean nothing. He could have sobered up and forgotten he called."

A large rush of air escapes from my mouth. He's been gone six months this time. Maybe the next time he won't be away as long. Where he goes or what he does when he leaves, I'll probably never know...or want to know. Sometimes he returns looking like he barely escaped the grim reaper. The last time, he detoxed from something so bad that he shook for two out of the three weeks he was home.

The expression on Joss's face mirrors my balled-up and twisted insides, so I kind of change the subject. "What's my dad coming back have to do with the male crack whore downstairs?"

"Here." Joss drops into the spot beside me and offers me the box of cereal. "It's only a month past expiration."

I take the box, but I've lost my appetite. She tosses a few flakes into her mouth and when she's done crunching she looks at me. "If I don't find another guy to hold my hand when your dad shows, he and I will end up in the exact same position as before and I don't think that's a good place to be."

Meaning they'll fall completely tangled together in that twin bed and then she'll end up in there alone crying her eyes out when he leaves again. Joss is in her late twenties and Dad's in his mid-thirties, but together they add up to a mess.

My throat constricts. "Do you want me to leave?"

Because if I'm gone, he won't stay here. He'll find me...and a new girlfriend to con. But the scary part is, if Joss kicks me out, I'll have run out of suitable ex-girlfriends. They'd probably let me crash if I showed, but I value my life and some of those places have the ingredients for the headlining story on the eleven o'clock news. My only hope for a stable home lies in Joss's stubborn feelings for my deadbeat dad.

Lines form on Joss's forehead. "No. I want him to come back. Maybe this time he'll stay."

He won't. He never has, but I keep that to myself.

Joss's brown eyes stare straight into mine. "Don't become me, Stella. Don't you dare ever hope for more. There's no such thing as living happily ever after or pulling yourself up by your bootstraps. The world is how it is and there always has to be bottom-feeders. People like you and me, we're it, and the world might want us to believe we can have more, but the momen Kbut to be t we try to break out of the water they'll shove us down into the mud. It's better to know the truth. It hurts less if you accept society's crappy rules."

I start school tomorrow. Graduate in the spring. Joss may be older than me, but I've lived this type of life longer. Yet even with all the years of experience, deep down inside, I've hoped to become more. "Sounds a little pessimistic."

"No, not pessimistic. Realistic."

4

Jonah

There's a spot saved for me in the driveway outside the two-car garage, but what makes me circle the block for the fifth time are the four cars parked on the street in front of my house.

Being obsessed with new houses, my parents built this place three years ago. We've moved six times in the past seventeen years. My parents stick to the same area of town, sometimes a few miles from where we lived before, but it's always newer and bigger.

What I never noticed before today is how the houses in this neighborhood are clones: red bricks, black roofs, large windows on the first and second stories, and columned porches. Baffles me that I never paid attention before or that anyone would spend so much on the unoriginal.

Thanks, James Cohen. Once again, the world as I know it has changed.

I round the corner again. My house comes into view and so does my younger sister, Martha. In a blue sundress, with her brown hair styled as if she's on the way to prom, she waits next to the brick mailbox by the street. If she's dressed up that means bad news for me.

By the other three cars, I knew Todd, Jeff and Brad were here, but I'd assumed that the missing Camaro equaled a missing Cooper. The fourth car's a mystery, but it could be anyone: a friend of Mom's, a business associate of Dad's, but my sister's choice in clothing suggests Cooper's in the house and she needs me in order to have the courage to stand near him.

Gripping the steering wheel tighter than I should, I ease into the driveway and turn off the engine. Home sweet home. Until Mom decides to move again.

I exit the car, and Martha's in my grill before I can shut the driver's side door. "Where have you been?"

"Driving." It's better than telling the truth, that I visited the cemetery again. Not a good answer when everyone's in the dark about me visiting at all.

"Well, Mom texted you and so did I. Why are you ignoring us?"

Crap. My phone. I pull it out of my pocket and power it on. Sure enough, the message icon pops onto the screen. "Sorry. I must have turned it off by mistake."

Not a mistake. I crave silence, not Mom asking if I need anything for the millionth time.

Martha focuses on the ground and does that thing with her toe that shows she's nervous-like she's squishing an ant with her foot. "Cooper's here."

She's barely sixteen and he's eighteen. She's bright-eyed and innocent and he's Cooper. I'd shatter his face with my fist if he asked her out or if he mistakenly dreamed of touching her like he's touched half the girls in school. For some reason, I force a smile instead of letting the angry thoughts tumble out of my mouth.

"Why is Nbut tme reasonhe here?" I nod to the other cars. "Why are any of them here?"

Martha's glare would set tropical rainforests on fire. "Cooper's your friend."

"Yeah, he is, and so are the rest of them. Last I checked, I wasn't home and I didn't invite them over."

Her anger washes away. "We're all worried about you. You aren't acting right."

The muscles in my back cramp. "I'm fine."

"You're not. Even Cooper said it."

That stops me short. "When were you talking to Cooper?"

Martha's cheeks redden. "I don't know. A week or so after the accident. He called looking for you and like always these days, you weren't home so we talked...about you."

I step forward and tower over her. "You don't need to be talking to Cooper."

"He's your friend," she hisses with venom.

For the second time today, I wonder why I'm his friend. The guy treats girls like toilet paper and he should know better than to creep on my sister.

"You don't smile like you mean it anymore," she continues. "You're quiet and you don't go out with anyone. He's worried about you and so am I. I mean, you never invite your friends over anymore."

"Who are you really concerned for, me or you?"

Pain slashes across her face and I immediately regret the statement. What the hell is wrong with me? "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that."

"But you did," she whispers. After a few blinks, she lifts her chin and stares at me like she wishes I didn't matter. For a few seconds, I wish the same thing. It wasn't my goal to hurt her.

"Mom invited them over for dinner," she says. "She thought it would cheer you up."

Martha's starter heels click against the stone driveway as she pivots away from me and heads for the house. She tried wearing real heels last spring and tripped over her own feet and into a coffee table in front of my friends. They laughed. She cried. I did nothing.

"You're too good for him," I call out.

My sister trembles like she's on the verge of a seizure before she turns around. "What are you talking about?"

I don't know. What is my deal today with not keeping my mouth shut? Martha's crushed on Cooper since we were young, and I've ignored it, but seeing Stella...seeing James Cohen's grave again...I bet he would have been the kind of guy who protected his sister.

I force myself to join Martha. Her eyes plead with me to give her hope, causing my shoulders to roll forward as I smash my hands into my pockets. Who am I to step in? It's her life, right? "No one's going to be good enough for you."

This light forms in Martha's eyes and air rushes out of my lungs when she rams her body into mine, both arms glued around me. "I love you, Jonah."

I still, and I don't like the surge of guilt crawling into my bloodstream. She tells me she loves me while I say nothing about her standing in front of an oncoming train because she's worshipping the worst guy at school.

This affection thing-Martha and I don't do it. Screw that. I don't do affection with anyone. Girls I used to date wo Sed em">

I lay my fingers on her shoulder to try to detach her from me, but she squeezes tighter.

"When the police showed at the house that night and said there had been an accident, I freaked. I thought..." her voice breaks. "I thought they were coming to tell us you were dead and I didn't want that. I realized I didn't want that."

My eyes slam shut. I didn't die that night. James Cohen did and somewhere he probably has a sister who can't hug him. He'd hug her. Maybe he wasn't the kind of guy who did before, but if he was here, he would now.

I wrap one arm around her and awkwardly hug her back. We've never done this before and while I should be grateful for it, I'm ready to be done.

I clear my throat. "Let's go eat."

We enter the kitchen through the garage and sweat breaks out along my hairline at the amount of people in the kitchen. I don't usually have this type of reaction and I rub at my neck in an effort to force it away.

It's my parents and my friends. More than Todd, Jeff, Brad and Cooper. Other guys I've hung with over the years are here, too. A couple of guys from Todd's basketball team. A couple from Jeff's football team. A few girls are mixed in. Some are girlfriends of the guys. Some people I've known since kindergarten. Crap-two exes skulk along the periphery. All of them are people I have spent time with, but not people I prefer to see today.

Or even tomorrow.

My mind jumps back to Stella, the cemetery and the brief few minutes of peace I had while sitting under the shade tree next to a dead girl named Lydia. I'd give everything to have those moments now.

Martha grabs my hand and shoots me a weird look, possibly because of the clammy condition of my skin. Instead of acknowledging it, she smiles and announces to the crowd, "He's here!"

And they clap. All of them. Some shout my name. I step back and a hand slamming onto my shoulder blade keeps me from withdrawing into the garage. I spot Dad behind me. He's the older spitting image of me, and he's smiling from ear to ear. He pats me on the shoulder again. "You should have told us."

"Told you?" I echo.

He holds balloons and they bob as he yanks them through the door. Then I notice the other helium balloons in the kitchen and the sign hanging from the archway into the dining room: We love you, Jonah!

I run a hand over my face. "It's not my birthday."

"Duh," says Martha as she finally lets go of me and wanders over to Cooper. He cups his hands over his mouth and shouts my name, which brings on another round of applause. The sound thunders in my head like I'm being trampled in the middle of a stampede.

A wave of dizziness crashes into my head and it takes everything I have not to bend over and hold myself up by pressing my hands to my knees. What the hell is going on?

In her Sunday best, Mom walks through the crowded kitchen with a huge smile on her face. The type she reserves for the priest after service or for Martha when she gets straight As. "We are so proud of you, Jonah."

"Proud?" It's like I've morphed into a parrot, only able to repeat what's been sa St, Jonah.id.

Mom tosses her black hair over her shoulder before looping her arm through mine. She's gesturing to someone I never wanted to meet again: a woman, mid-twenties, with golden hair in two thick braids. She abandoned James Cohen and me after she said the sight of blood made her queasy. Seeing her again makes me want to vomit.

She shifts under my glare and a refined woman with her hair slicked back into a bun whispers something to her.

"Who's that?" I jerk my thumb toward the woman in the business suit.

"That's Mrs. Sawyer. She's a reporter," answers Mom. "And you know the other woman, Sonya. She told us what happened at the accident scene. And she also told Mrs. Sawyer. They think, like we all do, that what you did that night was inspiring. The world should know what a great man you've become."

Another round of cheers drain the blood from my body. I look down expecting to see a puddle of red on the floor.

"Everyone knows?" I whisper, but my mortification is easy to hear.

Mom's eyebrows pull together. "Yes. Is that a problem?"

The world circles and I push past Dad and suck in air the moment I hit the garage. I grab on to the tool bench and sag, hoping this is a dream. I can't do it. I can't go in and discuss James Cohen. I can't talk about how I did what he asked when no one else would-how I held the hand of a man and talked to him while he bled to death.

5

Stella

Joss bought me a small package of chocolate donuts, a purple glitter pen, a folder with a picture of fluffy white kittens in a basket on the front and a Monster High notebook. The one with the vampire chick, in fact. Her note said the chick's hair reminded her of mine.

She must have purchased it at the twenty-four-hour Walmart on her way home from work. I heard her roll in this morning around 4:30 a.m. She smelled of smoke, whisky and that weird combination of body odor and sex. For her sake, I pretended to sleep through her entrance. Joss doesn't like to talk after a night at the club. She prefers to take a shower then cry in bed.

With our morning ritual intact and my new presents sitting on my desk in the back corner of class, I have to acknowledge that American Literature seems to have absolutely no point. Joss went to this high school. When she saw my schedule, she admitted to taking the same classes. In other words, American Literature and the picture of Edgar Allen Poe glaring at me from over the white board at the front of class didn't change the course of her life.

My stupid stubbornness in clinging to hope appears rather futile.

A gaggle of girls walk in huddled together as if they are sharing the most important secret in the world. Next period will be better. Victoria's in there and the two of us get along just fine.

The girls file in, and a few steps behind, Jonah fills the entire door. His light brown hair is cut close on the sides and is a little longer on the top. I like it. More than I should. The moment his blue eyes catch mine, I direct my gaze down to the kittens falling asleep in the wicker basket.

The desk to my left screeches against the floor as someone settles into it, and my heart pounds hard when I spot Jonah in the seat g Vt, that Ameawking at me. I tap the glitter pen against the top of the desk, and the top pops off and bounces onto the floor. Just crap.

I shift to reach for it, but Jonah's faster and his massive hand holds the cap to me. "Here."

I suck in air and inhale the scent of his cologne. It's not overwhelming, it's just right, and it makes my mouth water. I swallow before retrieving the top of the pen. "Thanks."

The cap doesn't move from his grip, and when I pull like I'm playing tug-of-war, my eyes flash to his. Oh heck, those are some beautiful Siberian husky eyes.

"I'm sorry about yesterday," he says.

And he had to go and ruin the moment by speaking. I yank hard and the top slips from his fingers. I snap it back on the pen and fix my line of sight straight ahead. "Okay."

"Okay?"

"Okay." I glance around the room and note the number of other open seats he could have chosen. More importantly, two guys from his group are doing the same room scan and notice the vacant seat next to them.

Cooper, a blond who is the bane of my existence, stretches out his arms in a what-the-heck motion. "Jonah, you blind, man? Your seat's here."

"Must have missed you." But Jonah makes no effort to move.

The bell rings and they continue to stare at each other through the mass influx of students entering class. A girl eases into the seat meant for Jonah and the redheaded friend from Jonah's group loses his concentration as he gives the girl a sly smile and leans in like he's got a shot at asking her out. Cooper keeps his attention trained on us.

Jonah assesses me and I quickly focus on anything else, not wanting him to think I was interested in him or the interaction with his friends.

"I am sorry," says Jonah.

"You've already said that." Edgar Allen Poe's eyes are seriously freaky, but if I look away, I'll be tempted to peek at Jonah and that'll be bad.

A second. Then two. I can feel the heat of his gaze and my cheeks redden with each passing moment.

"Stella." I feel the rumble of his deep voice down to my toes.

Don't respond. Just don't respond. Cooper is watching and this could be some sort of setup. One that will be a freaking great way to start off my senior year. The goal is to coast through without being noticed. I can't do that if I talk to the one guy who belongs to an attention-seeking group.

"Come on, Stella," he says so only I can hear.

The kittens on my folder become interesting again and I blow out an unsteady stream of air. "Yeah?"

"I don't want to, but I'll end up back at the cemetery. I was thinking about it last night and I remembered seeing you there before so I know you go often, too."

Feeling inadequate, I touch the rose barrette holding up the side of my violet hair. It's still in place and so are the nerves from this one-sided conversation.

"I'll be there again today," Jonah admits. "And I was hoping you'd be there. I...I need to talk to someone and...you're the only person I've been able to talk to."

Joss said people couldn't change. I shouldn't agree to this, but there's an ache in his voice that I can't deny. "Okay [dene="-1">Jos. But will you do me a favor?"

"Anything," he answers.

I glance over at his friends, who are now both lost in conversation with the girl. "Leave me alone for the rest of the day."

"What?"

I risk looking at him. "Take it or leave it."

"Why?"

Do I have to spell it out for him? "You're best friends with Cooper Higgins."

It's like I told a toddler that snack time doesn't exist. "So?"

"As I said, take it or leave it."

Jonah mulls it over for longer than I'd like, but he eventually nods. "Okay."

And that's when I spot Cooper scowling at the two of us. I slide down into my seat. Stupid me. Jonah Jacobson wanting to chat is going to make the year of hovering below the radar impossible.

7

Jonah

I haven't had a decent appetite since the day of the accident. I get hungry and eat, but food doesn't taste right. It's bland. So after a few bites, I'm ready to move on to something else-the next activity to fill the day until I can go to the cemetery in an attempt to gain some focus. I feel like a damn jumping flea on crack.

Stella sits on the opposite side of the cafeteria with her feet propped on an empty chair. Her canvas sneaker bounces to a silent beat. She holds one half of the hot ham and cheese offered in the lunch line in one hand and a ratty paperback in the other. So far, we've only had American Lit together, but she's avoided eye contact with me in the halls.

Her clothes are simple-a pair of dark blue jeans and a white cotton shirt-but there's nothing simple about her with that purple hair and rose barrette. Naw, it's not the hair. It's just Stella. There's a sexiness in the way she moves and in her voice. Stuff I never noticed before. Even if all that weren't true, I'd still stare. One conversation with her and I'm hooked.

Cooper drops into the seat across from me, sliding his tray onto the table. He blocks my view of Stella. "Welcome home, Jonah."

I raise my eyebrows. "What?"

"You bailed on us the last couple weeks of summer. I was starting to think you found a new group to hang with."

"Just needed time."

Cooper nods. "I get it. You're back, so it's all good. What's up with you and Trash Can Girl?"

A rumble like the front edge of a thunderstorm runs through me. "What did you say?"

Coop's face twists as he assesses me. "The chick with the purple hair. The girl who used to root through the trash in elementary school. You were staring at her when I walked over."

The other guys at the table stop their conversation and watch. My reaction? I push away the tray that contains my half-eaten food. No one makes a military case out of my non-response. Not answering or giving my opinion-that's my personality. Just like it's Cooper's thing to crack jokes and snag girls. Just like it's Todd's thing to talk basketball.

Todd reaches over and grabs my french fries. "Mind?"

"No."

Cooper glances over his shoulder at Stella and I have the urge to tell him not to look. It's a weird feeling, a protective one, and I don't understand the emotion.

"What type of questions did the reporter ask?" Todd probes with three fries hanging from his mouth.

I shrug. She asked questions about what it was like to be with James Cohen in his final minutes and what inspired me to do what no one else at the scene would. I couldn't answer her. Even if I'd wanted to, words would not leave my mouth. I sat in the hot seat my mother had dragged in from the dining room while the reporter sat on the couch across from me. I clasped my hands tightly between my knees and became paralyzed.

Except for one question: "What are your thoughts on the ambulance response time?"

For the first time in weeks, the cells within my brain fired. "I think people should have gotten out of the way and let the ambulance pass. A man died because a whole bunch of selfish bastards wouldn't move out of their lanes because they wanted to get to the mall faster."

Mom and Dad ended the interview, informing her that we could reschedule once I'd had time to process my thoughts. No one seemed concerned when I stated that I wasn't interested in rescheduling. Interview about goodwill and uplifting inspiration, my ass. Everyone craves the same sickening detail: What was it like when he died?

"Heard the University of Kentucky might be ranked in the top five going into the preseason," I say. Sports I can discuss. The accident? No go.

Cooper dips his hamburger into a blob of ketchup. "I'm thinking one or two. Florida State may be in the top three."

My best friend since childhood meets my eyes before taking a bite of his burger. This stuff with James Cohen, and Stella, and my sister crushing on Cooper, it has me messed up. Yeah, Coop's got issues, but he's the guy who's had my back in the past and the one watching it now.

"Is it true?" asks a guy farther down the long table. "Did that guy bleed to death while you were there?"

Cooper drops his burger. "You're an ass."

I lower my head and rub my eyes, swallowing as if that would loosen the knot in my throat. But closing my eyes was a bad idea, because it's James Cohen's face that I see. He was scared when he died. Plain desperate. I can't erase the fear that pulsated from him. It was nothing like death in the movies and it haunts me.

I stand so abruptly that the chair beneath me squeaks like nails on a chalkboard. A lot of people stare, but I don't care. "I've gotta go."

As I reach the door, I spot Stella. The book's in her lap, her sandwich on the plate, and her eyes are fixed on me.

7

Stella

Eleven years of education and I've never had homework on the first day. Stupid math teacher. Being different in her case is overrated.

Because it helps Rick feel useful, he checks my Calculus homework and nods every so often, a sure sign I did something right. Rick used to be a genuine professor.

On the ground, I lean against the grave marker next to his beloved Juliette while fabuy bhe sits in the lawn chair he lugs everyday with him from his rusty ol' pick-up.

Rick plucks his straw hat from his head and scratches the white hair behind his ear. He'll be eighty-nine next month and his kids are threatening to take his truck away simply because of his age. They're wrong. He's agile and alert. Even though he grieves for his wife, he's more alive than most people I know.

With a smile on his face that makes me wish we were related, Rick hands me back my paper. "You have a brain in there, Miss Stella."

"Thanks." I take it from him and drop it into my folder.

A breeze blows through the trees, the sound like waves crashing against the beach at the ocean...or at least what I dream the ocean would sound like. Going to the ocean, it's one of my bucket-list goals. The gust of air is welcome as it cools the sweat forming along the roots of my hair.

"See how the leaves turn up?" Rick points to the maple near Lydia's grave. "That means a storm's coming-a bad one."

"A storm's always coming," I state. "Some don't have rain."

Nope, some come in the form of my father arriving and leaving. Some come in the form of a boy in my American Lit class.

"True," he responds, peering at the white marble that marks the love of his life's grave. "How true."

"Any other signs? Wooly worms moving en masse toward the east? Horses neighing near midnight?" I ask quickly to keep Rick distracted from dwelling on Juliette. He's a Farmers' Almanac enthusiast and can talk about superstitious crap all day long.

"Birds on a telephone wire." He tilts his head to the row of birds hanging out on the nearest line. "Sure sign of rain. Plus the sky was red this morning."

"So?"

"Red at night, sailor's delight. Red in the morning, sailors take warning."

The sound of a car motor silences both of us and we watch as the black Charger eases over the speed bumps and parks behind Rick's older-than-me F-150.

"He's back," says Rick.

"Yep." I kind of hoped he wouldn't be. At the same time, a few little green worms weave a little cocoon in my stomach, threatening to morph into butterflies.

Jonah slips out of his car, rises to his full six feet, and stretches out those beautifully muscled arms of his. Good Lord, he's got to lift every stinking day of his life. Those dang worms in my stomach sure move out of pupal stage fast as the butterflies take flight.

"Do you think people can change?" I ask Rick.

"Yes," he answers plainly. "There are those who can."

That grabs my attention. "So you believe it's possible?"

"Miss Stella." He gives me his teacher-to-pupil stare. "It boils down to choice."

8

Jonah

With her eyes closed and knees bent, Stella sunbathes on the bench that faces the memorial pool. She changed from the jeans and T-shirt she wore at school to her cutoffs and blue tank. I sit on the concrete with my back against the bench and watch the k ne gro jeoi swim in the water.

Except for the wind blowing through the trees and the trickle of the fountain in the middle of the raised water feature, it's been silent. That would include both Stella and me. We've been here for the past hour and the only words that have been said were my "Hi" and her "Come on."

"It's hot," I say, breaking the silence. Blistering. Heat index has to be over a hundred. Even though I switched to a pair of athletic shorts, my skin threatens to melt off my body.

Stella inhales through her nose as if I woke her from a dream, opens her eyes and slowly turns her head to look at me. I'm drawn in by those gray eyes. They're beautiful, but they appear older than she is. As if she's seen too much. Knows too much. If she hangs at a place like this, I guess she does. "Then let's go swimming."

Okay. "Where?"

"Here," she responds in a duh voice. I lean to the side to allow Stella to swing her legs to the ground. She carefully slips off her canvas sneakers and I grin when I notice the red-painted toenails.

"You are such a girl," I say.

She wiggles them and I'm captivated by her smile. "I know. It's a luxury, isn't it? Painted toes. But I like how it makes me feel."

Never thought of it as a luxury. Mom visits the spa for her nails and sometimes she does it herself. How much can a bottle of nail polish cost? A dollar? Two? But I like her smile so I ignore those questions. "How does it make you feel?"

Who'd ever guess a cocked eyebrow could be so seductive? "Special."

With that, she dashes off the bench and splashes into the pool. A few drops hit me and Stella echoes my own thoughts. "Crap, it's cold."

She folds her arms close to her chest and I swear goose bumps rise on her skin. "Are you waiting for an engraved invitation?"

I scan the area and except for the old man I spotted Stella with earlier, there's no one around. No one. Never realized how desolate a cemetery is. "What if they catch us?"

"Who's 'they?'"

Good question. "The cemetery owners."

Stella becomes thoughtful, her face pensive. "You know, I never thought about the fact that someone owns this place. It seemed to belong to the dead people." She pulls out of serious mode. "Okay, so the mysterious 'they' show and we're skinny-dipping in the koi pond. Let's devise a plan for what we do."

My eyes snap straight to hers. Good God, Stella naked. I bet that would be a sight for a weary soul, but I'm not going there. Stella plays with the hem of her tank and does this shimmy shake with her hips that becomes my sole focus.

I hear her giggle and it's a beautiful sound. She's messing with me and I'm falling for it. Maybe we could skinny-dip. Not all the way. Not here. Maybe someplace else. Someplace more secluded.

"Thinking about it, aren't you?" she says.

She caught me. "No skinny-dipping."

Stella pouts her bottom lip and I pop my neck to the side. Dang it, she's sexy.

"Do you live your entire life so seriously?" she taunts.

"No."

"Then frolic with me and the fi sme aunts.shes."

"No."

"Cuddle with the koi?"

"Same answer."

"Gallop with the gigantic goldfish?"

"How many more of those you got?"

She squishes her lips together. "I'm done."

"Good. The answer's still no."

Stella's mouth forms this glorious smile as she steps out and sits on the brick edge of the pool. "Touch your face."

Uh... "What?"

"Do it."

Once again, I do as I'm told with this girl and the shock registers. I am smiling. A real smile. Not forced. Not fake. And beyond the smile on the outside, I lost a few weights from the inside.

Wow.

"Thanks, Stella."

"No problem."

We hold each other's gaze. One second. Two. It goes into three. With a flutter of her eyes, she glances away and red paints her cheeks. My own heart beats irregularly and it's not from panic but from the fact I'm so alone with her.

Water drips from her long, tanned legs and for a second I wonder what it would be like to touch them. To feel them rub against my legs. And my gaze wanders to her lips. How soft would those-

Ah...no. Stella's been good to me and I need to be good to her. Even in my mind.

"Can we do this tomorrow?" I ask.

"Maybe," she answers. "Ri ck says it's going to rain."

9

Jonah

Stella plants the fall mums I bought for Lydia's grave around the edge of the flat stone, creating a colored pattern of purples, oranges, and golds. "So Joss tells the guy that if he wants to steal her car, then go ahead, because she'd love to file a police report and get some money from the insurance company."

We've been meeting at the cemetery nearly every day for the past month. The October weather is warm, not as hot as September, and both of us are in jeans. A shame since I highly admired Stella's tan legs. Stella wipes at a trickle of sweat falling from the purple hair she's pulled into a tiny ponytail. While she's successful in removing the bead, she is also successful in smudging dirt across her face.

"Here." I reach over without thinking and the moment my fingers sweep along her face, her gorgeous gray eyes snap to mine.

"There's...ah...dirt." I don't lower my hand.

"Okay," she whispers and it's the closest Stella's given me to permission to be in her space. I rub at the dirt and it easily transfers onto my fingers, but I caress her skin again because her cheek is soft. Warm. And I like the blush forming there.

Stella's chest rises as she inhales and as she slowly releases the air, I find myself breathing out along with her. Wow. What was that?

I drop my hand and clear my throat. "Did he steal the car?"

Stella blinks several times and I decide to help her out. "You were telling me how Joss found someo v

"Oh." Stella stabs the ground again with my mother's garden spade. "No. She told him that the engine was going out and he decided to leave."

I chuckle. "You make up half your stories."

I expect her to laugh, but instead she mumbles, "I wish."

"So is Joss your stepmom?"

"What did I tell you about personal questions?" she says.

She told me that if we hung out together, not to ask them. In exchange she said she'd forget who I was friends with. Not wanting to face my past decisions of either laughing or saying nothing when it came to Stella, I agreed. I also promised that I'd give her space at school, but as each day passes that I spend time with her outside of class, the urge to break that promise grows stronger.

"You bring up Joss a lot but you never mention your mom or dad. Is she your sister?"

Stella pauses mid-dig, my mother's spade suddenly resembling a weapon more than a garden tool with that darkness radiating from her face. "You made a promise."

I hold my hands out in a white-flag motion. "Consider me backed off."

"Good," she says. "We'll need to pour water over these mums. There's a spigot across the way in the other section, but we'll have to bring a container to lug it."

"I'll do it." I glance over at James Cohen's grave. No one has visited that I know of, and it creates a hollowness inside me, a feeling that reminds me of loneliness.

The wind blows and a few orange and yellow leaves float to the ground. Stella brushes them off her newly planted masterpiece then sinks from her knees back onto her butt. "There. Now Lydia has more."

A few strands slip from her makeshift ponytail and spill onto her face. She doesn't move them as she focuses on her favorite grave.

"Why do you come here?" I ask.

"That sounded awfully like a personal question."

"It wasn't one." It is. "It's like discussing the weather."

"Why do you keep visiting James Cohen?" she replies.

Answering a question with a question. Nicely played. "I asked first."

Her lips twitch. "Well, I asked second."

"Like you don't know why I come here," I answer.

She raises one eyebrow. "If I did, I wouldn't have asked."

The meaning of her words hits me like a shockwave. "You don't know?"

"Uh...no."

"You don't know who James Cohen is," I state.

She tilts her head. "He's a dead guy. Over there. And you're obsessed with him."

I'm numbed by the fact that she knows nothing and has never, until now, asked. That's all everyone does-ask.

Everyone asks, but I can never speak. I don't know how to explain what happened or what it was like, because the nightmare is tucked away behind a see-through wall. The memories, they torture me every second I'm awake and at night while I sleep, but the wall prevents me from connecting with it, talking about it, and I'm not sure if that's good o {ate ar bad.

I'm unnerved when Stella inches over into the sunlight and begins her daily ritual of sunbathing. No one's abandoned this conversation before. While I'm grateful, part of me wants to matter to her because she matters to me. "Talking with you, being with you...it's the only time I feel normal."

The leaves crackle as her head moves and I know Stella's scrutinizing me, but I don't have the guts to meet her gaze. "You feel normal hanging out with me?"

Strangely enough. "Yeah."

"You realize most people think I'm weird and will tell me that-as often as they can."

I inwardly flinch. She means Cooper. It's what he mock-mumbled when she walked into American Lit today and once again, I said nothing in her defense. When she's only experienced Cooper's bad side and doesn't know how he's been a friend to me, it's hard to make her understand. "He's not that bad a guy."

Stella's off the ground, her arm barely missing hitting me in the process.

I jump up after her. "Stella!"

She doesn't run, but she's fast. My heart drums like it's in the final stages of a death march. I don't want to lose the feeling I have when I'm with her. "Stella!"

I catch up and when she doesn't stop, I take her hand. Stella grinds to a halt and while still facing forward, she tries to yank her hand away, but I wrap my fingers around hers to keep her there. "Please don't go."

She whips around and I'm horrified by the wetness in her eyes. "You laughed! Year after year, you laughed!"

It's like she jolted me with a stun gun and thousands of currents of electricity are invading my body. I cringe and her hand slides away from mine.

"I'm sorry," I say pleadingly.

"Are you? It seems to me sorry is the convenient thing to say when people want something. Because if you were really sorry, you wouldn't have laughed."

I knead both of my hands over my face, feeling like I'm standing at the gallows watching a noose swing in front of me. I'm on trial for crimes I committed, crimes almost everyone perpetrates, but never have to encounter judgment for. "I am sorry."

"Because you want something from me," she repeats.

I stare straight into her eyes. "I didn't always laugh."

She blinks once and something moves inside me: a boulder that had been bracing back the sludge I try to repress when it comes to Stella. Call it guilt. Call it my conscience. Either way, there's no denying what I have and haven't done.

"You know that already, don't you?" I say.

Stella already knows when I laughed and when I didn't. She could probably tell me each article of clothing I wore the times Cooper made her the butt of his jokes. I know this about her, because I could tell her every sound and every taste in the air the night James Cohen died. When horrible things happen your mind will never let you forget.

The knowledge in her eyes-it's like a movie screen that plays the recordings of all the previous years of her life.

"It doesn't matter," Stella whispers. "Not laughing doesn't make it okay."

"No," I agree, and not because I w {t bkneant something from her. It's because she's right. "It doesn't."

Stella turns to walk away, then stops. "You need to go. Not me. This place is mine and I'm not the one who doesn't belong."

I shove my hands in my pockets and move in the direction of my car. I'm here because James Cohen died. He's in the ground and buried and I know I can't continue to live like this.

10

Stella

Ten minutes before the bell signals we can head to our lockers and go to class, I'm wandering the stacks of the library. Lots of classics, and while a ton of girls at my school eat up anything that has the words 'tis or thee or long-ass descriptions involving powdery sheep on rolling hills with millions of twinkling stars, I don't. I always have a worn copy of something written by Gena Showalter to keep me company at lunch.

In fact, I should be tucked away in the beanbag chair on the other side of the library reading about true love and all that, but since my fight with Jonah last night, it's hard to concentrate on the words on the page. It's as if I developed post-traumatic dyslexia.

I run my fingers along the bindings of the books and pause when a single red rose clutched in a fist pops through the shelving space less than a foot in front of me.

"Hey, Stella." The voice is faux high-pitched, but I'd recognize Jonah anywhere.

I c**k a hip to the side and cross my arms over my chest, glaring at the "talking" rose. "What?"

"Jonah's sorry." The rose moves from side to side to mimic a puppet talking.

I glance around, but we're so far back in the stacks that no one else notices. I've replayed the fight we had again and again in my mind, trying to figure out how something I'd been enjoying over the past couple of weeks went toxic so fast. What bothers me more is that it went so wrong on the day he bought flowers for Lydia.

The rose tips all the way to the side. "Still with me, Stella?"

Am I? "I know he's your friend, but Cooper's a jerk."

The rose droops and then disappears back into the stacks. In a second, Jonah walks around the corner with the rose in his hand and a baseball cap on backwards. "I'm the jerk. I know what he's done to you-what I've done-and I never should have tried to defend any of it."

He stares at me. I stare at him. He's saying the right things, but I'm not sure I'm ready to forgive him. "How do I know you aren't playing me for some big senior prank that you'll sit around and laugh about when you're a bald, fat forty-year-old loser? I'm Trash Can Girl and you're Jonah Jacobson, best friend of the great Cooper Higgins."

Jonah twirls the rose in his hand and a redness forms along his neck. "I like you, Stella. There are times Cooper's been a real friend to me, but he's been an ass to you and I don't expect you to see him as anything else."

I huff out a surge of air and Jonah continues, "I can't ask you to trust me but I can ask you to let me earn your trust. If you want me to tell Cooper we're friends, I will. You can sit next to me at lunch-"

I slice my hand over my throat to cut off ~ the histhat awful idea. "I got it. You'll publicly announce that we share a strange fascination with cemeteries."

Jonah shrugs, unable to look at me. "It's more than that."

A tremor courses through me at the word more and I close my eyes. More belongs in the realm of fantasy.

The bell rings and I open my eyes to see Jonah holding the rose out to me. "Whatever terms or conditions, they're yours, but I want you to be my friend."

When I make no effort to move or talk, Jonah places the flower on the shelf. "If you take it I know you're still my friend, and if it's still here by the end of today I know I've destroyed the best thing that's happened to me in a long time."

With that, Jonah turns and walks away.

11

Jonah

In American Lit, my pencil taps repeatedly against the top of my desk until Cooper turns around and slams it to a stop. "What is your deal?"

I yank the pencil out from under his palm. "Nothing."

"Maybe if we got you laid, it would help."

I glare and Cooper shakes his head as he returns to his conversation with a junior caught in his snare. Another minute ticks off the clock. Stella's usually early. Not late. If she were going to take that rose, she'd do it now. She's an all-or-nothing type of girl.

I'm on the edge of my seat, waiting, wondering, praying...I don't want Stella out of my life. She's beautiful and she's funny and-I spot her shoes first. My heart swells to my throat and with a quick glance up, I run a hand through my hair in victory.

The release of nervous adrenaline causes the need to yell, clap my hands and hug her, but the sly look she sends me as she heads to the back corner says she'd decimate me into miniscule pieces if I did.

Stella owns the rose in a way only she would-pinned into that purple hair.

12

Stella

I'm early by twenty minutes. That's what happens when Joss drinks Red Bull during the last hour of her shift and is shaking from a caffeine high.

Sitting cross-legged in the waiting area of the front office, I finish filling in the purple strip of the rainbow I've created on my left hand. Satisfied with the multicolored arch, I click the top back into place and toss it back into the bucket of other markers I swiped from the secretary's desk. It's not one of my better creations, but it will be enough to distract the guidance counselor from over-questioning my decision to drop from the college prep track to the co-op track.

A knock on the window behind me makes me glance over my shoulder. In the hallway, Jonah stands all hot with his hat on backwards and brown hair pushed back away from his forehead. He tips his chin down the hall and I know what he wants.

I nod and try to quench the warm fuzzies in my stomach when he grins at me.

The two of us belong in totally different universes, but for the past couple of weeks, we've been em">

Except at moments like this.

I stand and the school's receptionist notices. "I need to use the restroom. Can you tell the counselor I'll be back in a second?"

"Sure."

I leave my folder, notebook, and pen there and practically skip out the door to weave through the students hanging in the main hallway until the first bell rings. Jonah found this spot, off a hallway that's off the hallway-a nook that is most often empty. An area that's away from prying eyes and the outside world. That's where we go and talk.

Rounding the second corner, my breath catches in my chest. Jonah's leaning with his back against the wall in a pair of jeans and a T-shirt spread taut across his muscles. We're friends, I guess. Just friends.

I affirm my barrette's in place and when my fingers slide against the silky petals of the fake rose, I continue forward. "What's up?"

His lips stretch into this beautiful smile when he looks at me and I respond in kind. Oh my God, what is happening between us?

"I wanted to make sure you'd be at the cemetery today," he says.

I rest my shoulder against the wall and he angles his body so that he's a mirror of me. He's close enough that the heat from his body is creating a bubble for us, and if I did do the whole fantasy thing I'd be dreaming of him touching me. But I'm Stella and he's Jonah and I don't believe in fairy tales.

Inhaling, I smell freshly cut grass and my stomach sinks. I love the smell, but it means he's been to the cemetery again-this morning. Sure enough, his sneakers are darkened with dew and a few stray pieces of green grass rest over his laces. "Jonah, this has got to stop."

13

Jonah

I went to the cemetery again and Stella knows it. When James died, I promised myself that I'd only go once, but then I went again and I just kept going. Then I met Stella. She's helped...a lot. She helps me forget, but then I woke up this morning to find a note from my parents stating that they rescheduled with the reporter. All the chaos I thought was slipping away has returned.

Stella's head falls back in disappointment and I hate that I've somehow let her down. "This is not healthy."

"Healthy?" Not what I was expecting. "You don't know anyone at the cemetery and yet you hang out there like it's the mall. Out of the two of us, I'd say you're the one with the bigger problems."

She arches her back like a pissed off cat and her eyes harden. Crap. Not what I intended to do.

"Guess I'm a freak, right?"

"That's not what I meant."

"Oh, it is." She's referring to Cooper and how he's cracked snide comments here and there, particularly when she passes our table at lunch. Without a doubt it's my fault. Cooper's noticed my fascination with Stella and he's asked repeatedly and loudly why I'm interested in the freak.

She turns her back to me and I grow desperate. Stella's the lone person I've been able to talk to, to be with, and through our time together, she's becoming more and I like more. "Stella, wait."

But she doesn't.

I have to give her something. Something I've never given anyone. "Stella...I visit James Cohen because...because it's my fault he died."

She pauses and I count my heartbeats until she slowly pivots to face me.

"James Cohen died in a crossover car accident," she says.

"I thought you didn't know anything about it."

"I didn't, but sue me for being curious. I looked it up online. A car lost control. Went over the median. He died. It's very tragic, but what I don't get is why he matters to you."

Slack-mouthed, I stare at her. "Why didn't you tell me you knew?"

"I figured you'd tell me what happened when you were ready."

When I was ready...but am I? I try to take in air, but my lungs constrict. "I was there. I watched it happen."

I was two car lengths behind him. He switched into the fast lane of the expressway and so did I to avoid trash and then it happened. No warning. No advance notification. A semi barreled over the grassy strip and hammered the car in front of me.

My eyes dart everywhere, seeing the floor, the school's painted cement wall, but all my mind captures is the way the glass in the back window of James Cohen's car fractured like millions of spider webs. The deafening sound of the impact. The way my heart squeezed past my throat. The way my muscles locked as I slammed on the brakes and the desperate prayer I would survive.

God answered my prayer but not James Cohen's.

My breaths get shaky and I blink as my eyes burn. I haven't cried yet. Mom said I should cry.

Stella's careful with her steps toward me. Those gray eyes have softened, but I spot worry in them. "You aren't related to him?"

I shake my head, the panic inside of me halting my ability to speak.

"You didn't know him before the accident?"

Another shake and I stare at the brown-speckled linoleum floor.

Then she's there-in front of me. The toes of her shoes bumping into mine. A delicate sweep of soft fingers against my cheek and I lean into her touch.

Stella sidles closer, her small frame brushing against my body. The sweet scent of honeysuckle surrounds me like a blanket.

"You're the one," she whispers. "The one they talked about on the news. The unnamed Good Samaritan."

The one the reporters are dying to talk to. The assumed hero who carried out a dying man's wish. But I'm no hero. I'm a fraud.

I've got to tell somebody. I have to release it. Otherwise my soul will join James Cohen in the ground. I'll still be breathing, my heart will still be beating, but I won't be fully alive...just the walking dead.

"I couldn't stop the bleeding." My voice is hoarse, hardly sounding like my own. "I tried, but it was coming from so many places. He asked me to take his hand..."

My entire body trembles and Stella wraps her arms around me, holding me tighold frotly, holding me together, and I bury myself in her.

"It's okay, she says strongly. "It's okay."

If only that were true.

14

Stella

I hold Jonah's hand as we walk down the hallway to the guidance counselor's office and I'm more than aware that he'll regret this moment by tomorrow morning. People gawk as we pass. The girl with the purple hair, the girl who pulled her lunch out of the garbage can in third grade because some stupid boy threw it in there not understanding that's all she'd eat for the day, is clutching the hand of the guy everyone knows and likes.

Jonah doesn't notice the stares now. With his shoulders rolled forward and his hand gripping mine like I'm the sole thing keeping him from falling off a cliff, he's lost in his own world. He blames himself for a death that couldn't have been stopped.

How can I judge him for being so messed up? How many of us honestly see death face to face? Jonah has and it's changed him. I sneak a peek at him from the corner of my eye. Yes, Rick's right, people can possibly change. It sucks that it takes something so awful to make it happen.

I expect Jonah to release me when we get to the office, but instead he joins me. The secretary's eyes flicker between us, and Jonah says, "I need a few minutes alone before class."

"Okay," she answers. "Your parents told us what happened. Why don't you go into the sick room and lie down. I know Mrs. Collins would be willing to talk with you if you wanted."

He says nothing to her, but he squeezes my hand. Knowing that this will probably be the last time I'll be so close to him, I squeeze back. Instead of the smile I was hoping to see in return, Jonah lets go of my fingers and cups my face with both hands.

The heat from his skin radiates into mine and I swear his warmth rushes into my bloodstream. My heart stops as he angles my head to look at him. His thumbs sweep over my cheeks and the air around us crackles.

Crap, I just got dizzy.

"Are you Miss Vaughn?" says a female voice behind me.

Jonah lowers his hands and I slam my fingers onto the counter so that I don't drop to the floor. Um, am I? "Yes." That sounded correct.

When I have the slightest control over my voluntary motor functions again, I glance behind me and spot-all blonde and all professional-Mrs. Collins, our school's in-house social worker. She assesses me, then Jonah. "Are you okay, Jonah?"

He nods. "Just need a few minutes."

"Of course." She flashes a friendly grin. "I don't believe there's anyone in the sick room. We can talk later if you'd like."

I hear Jonah's footsteps retreat, but I keep my sights locked on Mrs. Collins. I don't trust social workers.

"Is that your boyfriend?" she asks.

My teeth click together. Nope, not having this. "My appointment is with Mrs. Branch."

She doesn't blink or even halfway frown at my comment. "I asked Mrs. Branch if I could take this meeting with you."

"Well, then un-ask."

p> "Why would I do that?" There's a spark in her eye I don't care for. "If I did then I couldn't admire the rainbow on your hand."

I glare at her and she simply motions in the direction of her office. With an on-purpose eye roll, I stomp the few steps in and dramatically collapse into the seat across from her desk. Toddleresque, I know, but I'd prefer that she not "ask" for me again.

Her office is a nightmare, as in she should seriously be considered for some type of hoarders show. Paper-everywhere. Then there are these cutesy sayings framed on the wall. Do people actually believe that inspirational bull?

Mrs. Collins closes the door behind her and settles into the seat at her desk. "So is Jonah your boyfriend?"

"No." I haven't really had one of those. I've kissed a few boys, but there's been no one who's knocked my socks off. Plus witnessing Joss and my dad being all dysfunctional is a major deterrent to relationships.

But if I were going to have one, Jonah would be the guy. I worry over a thread on the hem of my shirt. I wish I knew how to help him.

"He needs friends," she states.

My eyes snap to hers. "What?"

"Jonah," she continues. "I can tell you're worried about him. He and I haven't talked, but knowing what I do about what he's been through, he needs good friends to talk to. I'm glad he has you."

Jonah said he felt like a fraud. I cross my ankles and try to hide in the chair. "I'm not good at that-the whole friend thing."

She smiles and it's the type that makes you think that happily-ever-afters do exist. "I have a feeling you're perfect for the job. All it takes is someone willing to listen."

Not loving this conversation, I squirm. "Jonah has plenty of friends."

"I'm sure he does, but does he have someone who will listen, and not just to the words that come out of his mouth?"

Our eyes meet and it's like she can read my insecure thoughts.

"Do you know that if you ever need someone to talk to, I'm here to listen, Stella?"

"I don't have anything to say." And the room grows smaller.

"I don't believe that's true."

Neither do I. Even though Dad's called Joss twice, he hasn't returned home and there's a sinking feeling inside me that says this is it. This is forever. Joss accidently told Dad that I turned eighteen and his response was that I officially became old enough to fend for myself.

"There's a reason I came here," I say. "And it's not over this."

"Okay then." She peruses the guidance counselor meeting request form I filled out as if she hasn't seen it before. Which, since she asked for me, we both know isn't the case.

"I'm growing old."

"Yes, you are. Which is why I asked to see you. We've been contacted by the Fantastic Footwear Foundation."

Mrs. Collins waits for a reaction and she gets one. Being our school's social worker, she'd know this foundation and I share a past, and why that would stop all games on my part. They contact social service agencies to discover which kids need the help and every year since the program's e pand I been in existence, I've made that list.

I push my hair behind my ear and scoot to the edge of my seat. "I'm too old for them now."

"Yes and no. They'll help you again this year, but it will be your last. I was wondering if you'd be willing to give back. They're short on volunteers for an event at an elementary school today and if you'd like to help out, I'll excuse you from school this afternoon."

"Yeah," I answer without hesitating. "Sign me up."

There are few things that touch a piece of my heart and soul at the same time and this organization is one of them. They're loosely based off of a foundation that was established in Las Vegas by Nikki Berti. The program provides correctly sized footwear for underprivileged children from newborns to those aged twenty-one. And it's not just that the program supplies shoes that fit; they actually let the participants select their own shoes.

Very rarely in my life have I felt empowered. When that trailer rolled into my neighborhood and they let me pick which pair of shoes I wanted, I felt in control of my destiny.

I stare at the canvas sneakers I got last year. Shoes are one of a handful of things that make me feel like I fit in with everyone else. Somewhere in Las Vegas there's an awesome woman who inspired someone in Kentucky to create the same type of program. I wonder if she knows what she does on a daily basis for girls like me.

"I thought the program in Kentucky could only provide shoes up to age seventeen."

"Eighteen now. They were given another grant. Maybe someday they'll be as big as the one in Vegas."

"Yeah, maybe." I release a relieved rush of air. Good. I've got one more year. But I snap out of it. If I actually get down to business, I'll have a decent job and I'll be able to buy my own shoes. "I need to switch course tracks."

Mrs. Collins leans back in her seat and it slightly reclines with her. "Why?"

"Because I have a job waiting for me after graduation if I join the co-op track now." This would mean finishing out my requirements for graduation in the mornings and filling my electives by working a job in the afternoons.

"I saw that," she says, unimpressed.

"I'll be a receptionist at Dave's Automall."

Nothing from her.

"It's a decent job."

Still nothing.

"Lots of people would be happy to have it."

"Yes, I agree with that. There are plenty of people who would be happy to have the job and would actually love it," the lady finally speaks. "But will you be happy working there?"

Now she's lost me. "What's happy got to do with it? I won't be on welfare. Isn't that your job description? Graduate people so they stay off the government dime?"

I catch the slight tilt of her lips before she hides it. "No, that's not my job. I'm honestly concerned with your well-being."

"Sure you are. So are you going to change my track or am I going to have to miss more class because I have to reschedule with Mrs. Branch?"

Mrs. Collins straightens and laces her fingers together on top of her desk. "You have admirable ACT scores."

"It was a fluke. Like winning the lottery."

"Three times?"

"Lightning does strike the same place more than once. When I was five, the apartment above mine caught fire twice. Seriously sucked. I had to spend the night at the shelter both times."

She totally ignores me. "You've made the honor roll all three years you've been here."

"I cheat."

"I highly doubt that."

I throw my arms out to either side. "What does it matter?"

"Stella, you're college material. You elected the college prep track when you enrolled here and you've stuck with it. Surely the thought of going to college has crossed your mind a few times."

More than a few, but Joss is right. There's no such thing as more, and Joss is giving me the best possible opportunity for a future. "I can't afford it."

"There are scholarships-"

"But I won't win," I cut her off. "And you're assuming some school will admit me. Look, I've been working odd jobs since I was fourteen and before you give me that work-experience-will-look-great-on-a-scholarship-application bull, I've worked mostly under the table. Because of that, I haven't joined one school club or one athletic team or even attended a stinking game. This is the end of the line for me and I've got a great shot at a decent job. Don't screw this up for me because you have a quota to meet."

"Give the classes you have a month and see if you change your mind."

I stand so quickly that a few papers fall from her desk. "Are you for real?"

"Listen." She holds up her palms as if she's pleading with me for something important, like food. "It'll take me some time to confirm this job. They're not on our approved company list to begin with. Let me work on this and while I do, you mull over why you're making this decision. Don't abandon going to college without at least trying to see if you can make it work."

This lady is everything Joss has warned me about. What happens when I hope for more, possibly get into a school, and then figure out there's no way I can pay for it unless I become an overpriced whore? Know what, if it'll keep you off my back, you do what you need to do and I'll do what I need to do. Until then, stay away from me."

15

Jonah

In the kitchen area behind the lunch line, someone drops enough plates and silverware to wake the dead at the cemetery. It shuts most everyone in the cafeteria up, including the guys at my table. After a few beats, conversation begins again.

Over a plate of chicken strips and tater tots, I watch Stella. She picks at her food today and doesn't read from one of her paperbacks. Something's wrong and I crave to know what. She helped me this morning and I want to help her in return. The urge is to push away from the table, cross the room and ask what's bothering her, but Stella's made it clear that she expects distance between us at school.

If I'm honest, my life is easier with our relationship on the down low.

Friendship.

Friendship, not a relationship.

But she let me hold her hand in the hallway this morning.

Stella stands, taking her tray with her. She's never left the cafeteria early before. There's something majorly wrong. Cooper eyes her and I don't like it.

"What a freak. Look at her hand-she's drawing on herself." He raises his voice. "Try paper!"

Several guys laugh and I glance over at Stella. Sure enough, she's drawn a rainbow on her hand. It's like she can't stop sticking out from the crowd. Stella assesses us out of the corner of her eye and I can't meet her gaze. She hears the laughter and, what's worse, she knows I'm with them.

"Cut it out," I say, but Cooper's not paying attention to me. He's nodding his chin to some guy that called his name from across the room.

"Be back." Then he's out of his chair.

I scan the cafeteria for Stella, but she's gone. Hell. She left thinking that I made fun of her. A wave of panic and guilt burns through my veins, but it's the panic that makes it harder to breathe. Stella's the only person who helps me through the day-the only person who keeps the nightmares away.

Martha steps into the cafeteria in that blue sundress. She does a sweep of the room and lights up like a firefly when she spots what she's searching for. I'm not shocked when I follow her line of sight to Cooper. He's still talking with the guy from the other table. One of these days, this unrequited crush better get old for her because it's beyond old for me.

I pick up a chicken strip and pause right as I open my mouth. Martha walks in Cooper's direction, but what's really pissing me off is that he's strutting right toward her. In the middle of the cafeteria, they stop less than a foot from each other. She smiles at him like he means something and he gives her that same sly grin that he flashes for every girl he's trying to play.

My chair cracks back.

"Oh hell," whispers Todd.

Oh hell, what? I shoot a glare down the table and everyone becomes intensely interested in their trays. "Is he playing my sister?"

No one says anything.

"Wasn't this the same guy who bragged that he did Missy Parker in the back of his car last weekend? If he's playing my sister, someone needs to tell me."

Silence from them all.

"Now!"

"What's going on?" Cooper slides into the chair across from me. The same damn spot he's sat in since first grade. Me on one side. Him on the other. The guy I've hung with and stood by for as long as I remember.

"Are you playing Martha?"

Cooper laughs, but when he notices no one else has joined him, his forehead wrinkles. "You're serious?"

"Have I laughed yet?"

Cooper twists the cap off his soda and glances too many times at the other guys at the table. "She's your sister."

"Damn right she is."

He has the balls to look me straight in the eye. "You know me better than that."

A stray thought advances from the back of my brain. He's right. I do know him. Better than probably anyone else and I ke en that."now he doesn't believe in lines or boundaries. I stand and say, "Stay away from Martha."

Without waiting for a response, I leave the cafeteria, enter the empty hallway, and wonder where Stella hid herself. The cafeteria door slams open behind me, the roar of voices from the lunchroom rising and falling. I have a strong suspicion of who it is, but I continue walking. If Cooper's smart, he'll stay the hell away.

"Jonah!"

Evidently the boy doesn't possess a brain.

"Jonah!" he yells again.

The tapping of his shoes increases as he runs to catch me and I turn the moment he's near. "What?"

"What?" His eyes widen. "You call me out in front of everyone and you're asking me what?"

"Call you out?" I shove my finger into his face. "I saw you with Martha."

"I heard what you said about Trash Can Girl and I let it slide," he shouts. "And as for your sister, we were talking. Just talking. God, your family is right. You are majorly messed up. I don't pretend to know what happened the night of the accident, but you've changed, and I'm sick and tired of carrying you because of it."

He's stating my worst fears. I didn't want to change. But it's all changed and hanging with Stella, it was supposed to help. "I haven't changed."

"Yeah. You have." He pauses. "Accusing me of going after your sister. Your sudden fascination with Trash Can Girl."

I move closer, my chest bumping his. "Her name is Stella."

"She lives with a stripper in the Section 8 housing on the other side of town. She dyes her hair purple and wears the same damn clothes every day. Girls like her don't give a crap what I say."

"You're wrong," I tell him.

"On what?" he says. "That she gives a damn about anyone or that she's a stripper-in-training?"

I tower over him and Cooper appears to get smaller.

"What the hell?" Cooper's eyes dart across my face. "Are you going to throw our friendship away over a freak?"

Anger becomes white-hot acid in my bloodstream. My fingers close into a fist and my voice drops to a new level. "Say it again and find out."

"Jonah!" Stella's voice jerks me away from my showdown with Cooper.

Cooper steps back with his hands in the air. "Decide which way you're going on this. I know you've been hanging out with her and I've been patient, but here's the truth. You've changed and she's the new factor. Think about what you're giving up, Jonah. I've been your friend for years and she's..." My one-time best friend scrutinizes Stella like she belongs in a dumpster. "Decide soon."

Cooper retreats back into the cafeteria. Leaning against the windows, Stella presses her folder to her chest. She's almost as pale as James Cohen was the night I held his hand.

"I'm not worth this," she says in a small voice.

My eyebrows furrow. "Yes, you are."

"No, I'm not. He's right about me. I'm trash."

"You're not."

The edges of the folder bend as she grips it tighter. "You don' la's t know anything about me."

The anger boils over and I ram my fist into a nearby locker. Pain slices through my knuckles. Stella flinches and I immediately wish I could take the action back. But I'm mad. Mad at Cooper and mad at Stella. She's right. I know nothing when it comes to her. "Then tell me. Tell me who you are."

"You won't like me anymore."

"Stella, I like you. All the rest of it, it's just the stuff that came before."

"So you don't need to know it."

"I do if it makes you feel like you aren't worth that fight with Cooper."

Her lips flatten into a thin line. "Once we do this, there's no going back. It'll end what we have now. By the end of today, you could be running back to Cooper and begging his forgiveness."

Going back, it's what I craved those first few times I visited James Cohen's grave. But in meeting Stella, I found a way forward. I don't want what's between us to end, and the one thing I'm learning is that there's no going back. "Or I could choose you. Bring it, Stella. Give me your worst."

16

Stella

So maybe Mrs. Collins isn't the Antichrist. With one phone call to his parents, she released Jonah from school so I could, in his words, give him my worst. It's my debut trip in his Charger and it's also my inaugural ride in a car built this decade.

If deep down I'm honest with myself, it's also the first time I've been so alone with a boy that I like as more than a friend. A boy who I dream at night of kissing.

Besides a few directions from me like "turn here" or "merge onto the interstate," we've stayed silent. The only noise is the hum of the radio in the background. I run my hand over the material of the passenger seat and inhale that new-to-me car smell. It's not the car ride I'm trying to cement into my memory; it's every detail of being with Jonah.

He grips the wheel with his left hand and rests his right one on the console, palm up. If I wanted I could easily lay my hand in his.

For the past couple of weeks, Jonah and I have lived in a bubble-a twisted sort of bubble, but it was ours. Seeing him argue with his friend over me...I should have cut Jonah loose then. We belong to different worlds, and it's time he returned to his and I accepted mine.

Now that he's admitted what happened the night of the accident, maybe Jonah can find the strength to move on...without me.

But I didn't cut him loose and it's because when he works out whatever is going on with him and the accident and he returns to his real life, I hope Jonah will become a little bit better a person. Not laughing at Cooper's cruel jokes isn't enough. I want him to remember this-to remember me-and to forever be the guy who doesn't allow anyone to talk trash.

Showing him this is the only way to teach that lesson, to give him that memory.

The tree line along the road thins out and the elementary school pops into view. In front of the half-circle driveway is a trailer I'm very familiar with.

"Over there." I point and I can feel Jonah's heavy stare before he pulls into the lot and parks.

"I tell you to give me your worst and you drag me out to volunteer. You're right. I hate you. I had no idea I was friends with such an awful human being."

"Ha. Ha." But my sarcasm comes off flat. I rub my palms along my jeans and step out of the car. At the door to the school, children bob and weave in the line. I remember that feeling, being so thrilled over something new that I'd have to lean way far to the left or right or even stand on my tiptoes because seeing it reinforced the excitement.

We stand next to the trailer and Jonah rocks on his feet. "What exactly are we supposed to do?"

"You and me?"

"Yeah."

I dig two shoe scales out of a box by the door and hand him one. "We change lives."

17

Jonah

Bent on one knee, I write down a shoe size and hand it to the boy I just measured. He runs off toward the trailer full of shoes. From the schoolchildren to the volunteers, everyone has been full of smiles and enthusiasm, but what's been amazing is watching Stella.

She lights up around these kids. She talks with them. Laughs with them. Stella becomes the kind of person everyone envies and wants to be friends with. The person you'd spend all night trying to be close to. She's alive, addictive and contagious.

"You like her, don't you?" A tiny girl slides next to me and observes Stella with awe.

I glance at Stella again and she's shaking her purple hair to make a boy who can't be older than six laugh. With a smile on my face, I refocus on my next client. "Yeah."

"I like her hair."

"Well, I like yours."

She grins and her dark eyes shine. One front tooth is missing with the new one barely peeking through. A million freckles dot her pale face and after my compliment she locks her hands behind her back and swivels from side to side.

"First grade?" I ask.

Hands slam onto her hips. "Second."

"My apologies." I lift the scale into the air. "Are you ready?"

She nods quick enough that I wonder if she's given herself whiplash.

"Can I tell you something?" she asks.

"As long as you kick off those shoes and place your feet on the scale, I'm game."

She unties both sneakers, slips them off her feet and puts her right foot on the scale. "This is my favorite day."

"Why's that?"

"Because I get new shoes."

I remember racing through the mall with Martha because we loved testing out the new ones Mom bought us at the store. "It's a great feeling, isn't it?"

"It is," she quickly agrees while pulling her right foot off the scale. She then steps the left in so I can measure it. "I don't get teased for new shoes."

I drop the pencil and it rolls away. "What?"

"New shoes," she repeats, and shoves her feet back into her old ones. "Plus ones that fit.ement it rolls I used to have to wear my older brother's and they never fit. They'd fall off during gym and this one boy called me clown feet, but now I get new shoes that fit. He can't call me clown feet anymore."

"No, I guess he can't." With my knees on the sidewalk, the girl stands taller than me and holds her hand out for the sheet. For the first time in my life, I feel small, and it's not because I'm the one closest to the ground, it's because I'm the boy who has hurt this little girl.

I scan the area. The colors of the trees and the bushes and the clothing of all the people merge together. I grow dizzy and sway with the blur, but even with the disorientation, I can make out the face of every single child I talked and laughed with.

"I'm sorry," I whisper.

"For what?" She wrinkles her nose.

For staying silent when she needed someone to stand up for her as everything and everyone around her was yanking her down.

"I'm sorry," I say again, but there's no one there. The little girl has skipped off to the trailers and the line of kids to be measured has dispersed. I'm left alone with the weight of my sins.

"Jonah?" Stella crouches beside me. "Are you okay?"

I'm not okay. None of this okay. The fact that there are kids who have parents who can't afford shoes that fit or shoes at all, that's not okay. The fact that idiots like me make their life worse, that's not okay. But the damn awful pain pulsating in my chest is the knowledge that... "This was you."

Her delicate throat moves as she swallows, then she nods imperceptibly. "And it still is."

18

Stella

I don't know why I have an obsession with canvas shoes, but I do, and these are the best ones yet: neon purple, with white laces and a heck of an arch. Stepping into these babies is like walking on pillows. I wiggle my toes inside the shoes and marvel at how well they fit.

The Kentucky program started two years after Nikki Berti founded Goodie Two Shoes out in Las Vegas. I was ten when I received my first pair and, sitting here today receiving my last, I still feel the same giddiness that I did eight years ago.

As much as I long to run around in my new shoes like the kids who were fitted before me, I don't. I slip them off with great care and lay them one at a time in the box. The shoes on my feet have a few miles left in them and I need to be more forward-thinking. Shoes aren't the only things in life that are expensive.

With both hands on the tug-of-war rope, Jonah acts as if it takes all his strength to keep from being yanked across the line by a group of eight-year-olds and when he quite convincingly throws the game, the children squeal in delight.

Jonah laughs, but the happiness drains from his face when he spots me. This is why I never wanted him to ask personal questions, why I never wanted him to know. Pity annoys me.

He rolls off the ground and waves away the pleas for another game. As he walks in my direction, I touch the rose barrette in my hair. It's still there exactly in place, the leaf feeling as smooth as it always does.

Jonah sits beside me on the brick retaining wall and his legs slide open, allowing his knee and Bertito brush against my thigh. He's warm and solid and if we lived in another universe, he possibly could have been mine.

He opens his mouth and then shuts it. As he tries to open it again, I save him and myself from whatever uncomfortable thing he is going to say. "They gave me hope."

"Who?"

"This foundation. They didn't just give me shoes. They gave me hope. They gave me the right to believe that I was more than what anyone ever said about me. And sometimes, just sometimes, it was enough to make me dream that I could become more."

And maybe I have become more. Not the more that Joss warns me about, but more than who I used to be. I affected someone. I took a chance, befriended Jonah, and found a way to reach him. The change I'd hoped for, it's there in his eyes. He can try to fight it, but today altered him. It's what I wanted and no matter what happens in the next few minutes, hours, days or years, for a few seconds, I was more.

"Tell me this changed you, Jonah." I turn my head to look at him and I hold my breath, hoping for the right words from him. I saw the shadow on his face when he connected the dots between the child he once was and the children in front of him, but I crave to hear the words.

There's hurt in his blue eyes, but there's also this sweet hope. "It changed me. You...changed me."

"Good." I break our connection and stare at the ground. "Good."

Jonah nudges my knee with his. "Why do I feel like you're breaking up with me?"

Who knew a statement could be like a tiny dagger to the heart? "We'd have to be a couple in order for that to happen. I'm a girl who hangs at a cemetery and you're a boy who needed a break from normal for a few weeks."

"We're a couple," he says.

I wish we had been. My skin prickles at what it could have felt like with his arms around me as he sat against a tree and pulled me close so that my back settled into him with his breath hot on my neck.

"We aren't." I rub my arms, feeling cold. A part of me is glad we never crossed lines. I like the memories of us as friends. I like that my heart can't hurt because I never really gave all of it to begin with.

"We are." Jonah jumps off the wall and holds his hand out to me. "I like you, Stella, and you can deny it, but I see in your eyes that you like me too. Today's not over and I'm not the only one with a decision to make, so let's be together. We have a couple of hours left before midnight."

Before we turn back into pumpkins. "What happens at midnight?"

"I don't know, but let's find out."

19

Jonah

With her hands shoved, straight-armed, into the front pockets of her blue jeans, Stella wanders around my house. I like seeing her here. She fits, but doesn't. Everything surrounding her is high-priced, having been picked by Mom and a designer.

By the way she carries herself, Stella has class. More class than I'll ever possess. Plus I like her style. From the roots of her dark purple hair to her rose barrette to her white cotton shirt, blue jeans that hug exactly right and purple shoes, she's head-to-toe gorgeous.n feee ro

Like a weary bloodhound trailing a scent, Stella leaves the kitchen in the direction of the living room and I follow. She hasn't said much. Occasionally she'll pause over something and squish her mouth to the side, but other than that-nothing.

In the living room, she peers into a three-foot-tall blue floor vase that sits in the corner next to the double patio doors. When she straightens, she gestures at it with one finger like it's contagious. "Is it an urn?"

"No."

She reassesses it. "Then I don't get it."

Neither do I. "What do you think of the house?"

"What do you want me to think of your house?"

"I asked first."

"You did."

I mentally throw my hands in the air. I can never find a way ahead of her. "Want to see my bedroom?"

She tosses me an evil smile that turns me on. "Are you going to throw me on the bed and have your wicked way with me?"

I lower my head and hold my breath to keep in a moan. "No."

"Then sure."

I gesture for her to walk up the stairs. She goes and I'll admit to watching her butt move from side to side. "What if I said yes?"

"What about it? Right or left?"

"Right. If I said yes, would you have come up?"

She takes a right at the top of the stairs and glances at me from under hooded eyelashes. "Yes."

Screw me. "Really?"

She laughs and I have no idea what that means. Stella peeks into my bedroom and the left side of her mouth tilts up. "Nice."

My eyebrows pull together, knowing my room isn't anything special. Mom decorated it. I sleep in it. I never get bent out of shape over the contents. I c**k a hip against the doorframe across from Stella. "What's nice?"

"It has a bed."

All the air is sucked out of my chest. "Stella..."

She steps into me and rests her hand on my chest. I swear to God the heat of her fingers burns past my clothes to my skin.

"Where is your family?"

"Gone. To Lexington."

Stella bites her bottom lip. "So...we have until midnight?"

I'll give her a hell of a lot longer if we can figure this out. "Yeah."

She reaches up to touch her barrette and I capture her hand, knotting her fingers with mine. I don't want her nervous, not with me. "I didn't bring you here to make out. You showed me a part of you; I wanted you to see where I come from."

Stella moves her thumb on my chest and my blood becomes very, very warm.

"We should talk-about what happens after today," she says.

I nod and even though I should place eight feet of distance between us and possibly a wall, I slip a hand onto the curve of her waist and nearly lose my mind when Stella's breath catches in her throat.

"We'll talk...soon." Think with your brain, moron. "We should talk now."

Stelsiz

"Jonah," she whispers and those gray eyes plead with me.

My hand eases from her hip to her face, my thumb brushing against her cheek. Stella leans into me-all soft curves, all feminine, a heat that sparks and smolders at the same time. Her head tilts up as I lower mine and I know the moment our lips touch, any hope I had of returning to my old life will no longer exist.

20

Stella

A small voice yells at me from the back of my mind: this is more, this is more, this is MORE!

But as Jonah's lips hover within a whisper of mine and his breath heats my face, I don't care that I'm setting my heart up for a crushing blow. I fist the material of his shirt and it's not to keep him close, it's to prevent me from running.

For a few seconds, I want to know what it's like not to settle or dream, but to live. To be the girl who's cared for, to be the girl who's cherished, to be the girl who's kissed.

Jonah's arm tightens around my waist and his fingers tunnel into my hair. His touch causes a hum along my body, a vibration in my blood, and as I push off my toes to cross that small distance left between us, my lower lip trembles with anticipation.

I hold my breath the moment our lips connect. The soft pressure is like the flutter of a butterfly's wings. His fingers move in my hair and the gentle massage creates a warming sensation throughout my muscles. Like stepping into a hot bath.

Jonah moves his lips and I follow along, drinking in his heat, his goodness. I inhale and I'm overwhelmed with the scent of spices, the scent of Jonah, and it causes me to desire more.

I part my lips and a soft moan leaves my throat when Jonah slides his tongue to meet mine. Liquid warmth explodes in my body and I become lost. I release my grip and my fingers trail along his chest, feeling the plane of his muscles through his shirt.

Jonah's hand runs up and down my spine, pressing me closer, and his kiss grows hungrier. That same hunger is mirrored inside me. With his hands on my hips, Jonah repositions his legs. With one foot between the two of mine, he gently urges me back. I slip my hands around his neck and let him lead me in this dance.

My fingers ease up to his head and I love the tickle of the short strands of his hair against my palms. I tilt my head and Jonah accepts the invitation to increase the intensity of the kiss. He guides it to a level where it possesses a life of its own. Lips taking in the other's, tongues searching for more. Bodies begging to be closer.

The back of my legs hit the bed and my eyes snap open. With chests moving rapidly, pulses pounding at every pressure point, Jonah and I look at each other. He tucks a stray hair behind my ear and kisses my lips with the slightest, sweetest pressure.

"Now that we've settled that..." His voice comes out deep, husky, and I like it. So much that my toes curl lovingly with the sound.

"Settled what?"

Jonah slowly brushes his hand up my back and the caress causes warmth to spread in my belly.

"How we feel."

"What about it?" I ask, not recognizing the soft sound of my voice.

"Now we need to figure out where we go from here."

21

Jonah

We lie tangled together on my bed. Stella's head rests on my chest and both of my arms keep her tucked close. The room is dark even though the window shade is wide open. After our kiss, we watched the sunset in silence.

"The sky was red," she whispers.

"Yeah." It was possibly the most beautiful sunset I've seen.

"That means there shouldn't be a storm." But there's doubt in her voice and somehow I don't feel like she's referring to the weather. "I'll need to go soon."

I know. "Do you have a curfew?"

"Not really, but Joss gets upset if I'm not back before she leaves for work and I don't like her to worry."

I smooth Stella's hair back and steel myself for the inevitable-the question of whether or not we will be an actual couple. The best way to start is to gauge how much Stella trusts me. "Who is Joss to you?"

Her body jerks and I close my eyes, hating that I'm ruining the perfect moment we just shared. She pushes back against my arms, trying to move, and initially I resist, but then I loosen my hold. This conversation has to happen.

Stella sits up and the moonlight beginning to filter into the room reflects in her eyes. "She was the last girl my dad dated while he was in town."

I scratch the back of my neck, unsure what to say or ask next. There are too many questions and none of them will have easy answers. "You live with your dad's girlfriend?"

"I'm leaning in the direction of ex-girlfriend, but Joss isn't always predictable." Stella shifts so that she's cross-legged next to me and she fusses over a thumbnail.

"Where's your dad?"

She shrugs. "He leaves. Comes back. Then leaves again. He sticks around long enough to con someone into taking care of me and when their patience runs out, he returns and finds someone else."

I draw both hands over my face. What the hell has her life been like? What the hell is wrong with him? Pieces begin to fall into place. "Is Lydia your mom?"

"No." She meets my eyes then returns her attention to her nails. "Dad won't discuss my mom, but one of the girlfriends said he told her that she left after I was born."

It's like I've been sucked into a black hole and I'm flailing as I try to grab on to something solid. "Then why the cemetery, Stella?"

She wrinkles her forehead. "Will you take me back to Joss's after I answer?"

Silence. I don't like the finality in that question. "We're together now. Just so you know. When we walk into school tomorrow, I'm telling Cooper that he can kiss my ass and our friendship good-bye if he ever says another word against you."

"You don't have to do that," she says quietly.

"I don't. But I am." I am making a decision to move forward. My heart falters. Since the accident, I had been trying to find a way backd the>

That interests her enough that she peeks at me through the shield of her short purple hair.

"You're right," I continue. "Going to the cemetery, it was messed up, but the truth is I was twisted and broken before I met James Cohen."

I stayed silent when I witnessed things that I knew were wrong and each time I didn't find the courage to speak out, a piece of who I should have been, the man I should have tried to become, died.

Stella places a hand on my knee. "What happened that night?"

My pulse thrashes in my veins and pounds at my temples, but if I expect Stella to open up to me, I have to offer her the same in return. "A tractor trailer crossed over the median."

"Go on," she whispers.

My eyes dart in front of me and I see the headlights of the truck, hear the shattering of glass. "My car spun when I hit the brakes and I turned the wheel to avoid a collision and I did it. I cleared the wreck, but when I got out of my car, he was there...on the ground...and there was blood."

"James Cohen?"

I nod. "Several other people came up and some of them had blankets and a lot of them were on the phone, but no one went close. I did because I kept thinking that was almost me."

Almost me.

"I tried to stop the bleeding, but it soaked through everything and it wasn't like it was an arm or a leg that I could tie off...." The blood poured from him, from too many cuts and gashes. "He was dying."

He had put his hand in the air and it had surprised me how much strength there was in his grip.

"Don't leave me," he begged.

"I won't," I replied, but I wanted to.

"What happened?" Stella asks, because somehow she senses that the story doesn't end there.

"He didn't want to die."

"None of us do," she says in a soothing way, but she's pushing me. She knows that there's more.

"He told me..." My mouth runs dry. "He told me he did it wrong. His last words, to me and on this earth, were that he lived his life wrong."

And it forced me to question mine. Every decision I had made. Every knee-jerk reaction. Would I end up on the side of the road telling someone I did it all wrong?

As I stare at Stella I see her strength, her beauty, her faith and forgiveness in me, even when I didn't deserve it-no, I'm not going to do this wrong. "Regardless of what happens between us tonight, tomorrow or twenty years from now, I'm never going to be the guy that says nothing again."

"I know you won't. You're going to be a great man, Jonah."

"And you'll be there to see it."

A slight smile tilts her mouth, but it's not enough to drain the sadness from her face. "I wish I had your resolve."

Resolve? "Stella, you run circles around my sorry butt."

She lets out a rush of air that moves her hair. "I'm dropping out of American Lit."

I sit up so quickly the headboard of the bed bounces against the wall. "What? Why?"

"I don't know what I was thinking signing up for the college prep track. I thought...I thought that I had a shot of breaking out, but I don't. Once Joss figures out Dad's not coming back, she'll throw me out like everyone else has. I need a good job and I have a shot at one. I have to be able to support myself."

Whoa. "Stella..." But there are no words.

"College speeches only sound pretty if they're true. They're not true for me. I don't have someone to catch me if I fall. You're blessed. You have people who can offer you second chances. I don't. I get one shot at everything I do so it's best not to walk the high wire. It's best I stay on the ground."

I glance around my room. There are a ton of things that were not only bought for me, but picked out for me. Without a doubt I know my parents are going to pay for college. What words of advice do I have for Stella?

When the silence becomes a heavy blanket smothering both of us, Stella finally speaks. "Take me back to Joss's."

22

Stella

I tell Jonah to park at the strip mall across the street from Joss's apartment complex. It's the end of the month, so we look more white trash than normal with our overflowing dumpster. The piece de resistance is the child's tricycle at the top of the furniture pyramid.

Because I'm a glutton for punishment, I held Jonah's hand on the way here. He attempted to start a conversation several times, but I cut him off each time. I like the evening we had and the memories burned in my brain are enough.

A pain pricks at my chest-I'm back to settling for enough.

Jonah releases my hand and each click of his gearshift from drive to park thunders through my body. This is it. These are our final moments together as Stella and Jonah. Tomorrow we'll be at school and I'll be Stella and he'll be Jonah, but we'll forever be separate.

Jonah stares at his hand, still clutching the gearshift. "You never answered about the cemetery."

I didn't. If anyone would understand, maybe it would be him. "So you know how there used to be a Dairy Queen on the corner across from school?"

He raises an eyebrow, but sticks with me. "Yeah."

"And there used to be a Sears in that shopping plaza by the movie theaters?"

"Yep."

"The cemetery doesn't change."

He blinks and it's hard to find the courage to continue. "The cemetery is always there. Unlike everything else, I can leave and six months later it will still be there and somehow that makes me feel better and not...alone."

Unlike how I feel with my dad or whatever girlfriend has taken me in. I've never called anywhere home. I've never had a steady foundation, but year after year, day after day, the cemetery is the one place that's been steady and constant.

"You're not alone." Jonah reaches over and, being faster than me, he claimsmy beize="- my hand and squeezes it.

"I am."

"You're not." His voice is quiet, but his determination is strong. "You have me."

My throat tightens and my chest constricts. I pull at the neck of my shirt, hoping for air, but it doesn't work. Nothing ever works.

"I can't do this. I can't hope that we'll be a couple. I can't hope that college will work out. I can't hope that everything will be okay. Anything that's good, anything that's right, it either explodes or it fades and either way I'm left with nothing. If I don't hope for more, then it can't hurt as bad. That's how life works for someone like me."

"So you'll walk away from us. You'll walk away from this." He lifts our joint hands in the air. "Because you're afraid of having hope? You're afraid of how it'll turn out?"

I suck in my trembling bottom lip. I won't cry. I won't. "If it hurts this much now, how much will it hurt later? I'm sorry, but I can't. If everything crumbles, you have something to return to. Friends, a family. I don't have anything."

Using my chin, I gesture to the apartments. "It's a matter of time before Joss throws me out and then I don't know what I'm going to do. Don't get me wrong, I'll land on my feet, but I can't take care of myself if I end up with a broken heart. Love is dangerous. It's just as bad as hope. This is the way life is for me. I have to accept it."

My insides, they're breaking, because I like him. Possibly more than like, but it's the more that forces me to lay my other hand on the handle and crack the door open. "Thank you, Jonah."

He lowers his head at the break in my voice. I ignore the moisture in his eyes and I pretend that mine don't sting.

"For what?" he whispers.

"For showing me that people can change. Even if it is one person out of a million."

I tug once on my hand. He doesn't give. I yank a second time and I swear his hold tightens. I pray for numbness, but I'm consumed by pain. In a quick motion, I lean over the console and kiss his cheek. I close my eyes when his rough evening stubble sweetly scratches my face. I'll miss him. I'll miss him so much.

Jonah turns toward me and I take advantage of his weakened grip to bolt out of the car.

I run fast. I run far. I run in the hopes that nothing will ever catch up.

23

Jonah

I've walked into this school hundreds of times, but this time it's different. It's because I'm different and I'm never going back to who I used to be.

With my books and notebooks in one hand, I strut down the middle of the hallway, scanning for two specific people. By the end of today, I'll either have failed, succeeded or done a little of both, and I'll possibly have been suspended.

I'm good with any of those options-as long as I get Stella back in my life.

At the corner of the senior hallway, I spot two people, and one has his hand on the waist of someone he should be easily eight feet away from. I intended to talk to him alone, but I don't mind having an audience. Dropping onah one my books to the floor, I grab Cooper by the collar of his shirt and slam him into the locker.

"Jonah!" my sister yells, but she can keep shouting. I'm not letting go.

"Call Stella 'Trash Can Girl' again and I'll beat the hell out of you. In fact, call her or anyone else anything ever again and I'll do the same. I'm done saying nothing. I'm done letting you treat people like crap. Do you hear me?"

Cooper's eyes widen to the point that they threaten to fall out. "Let me go, Jonah."

I have to work each muscle to force my fingers to release and when I do, Cooper sags against the lockers, but his voice contains violence. "I thought we were friends."

"So did I. In fact, for years I thought you were a man, but you're not. A man wouldn't treat anyone the way you treat other people."

He smoothes out his shirt and glares. "You're the one destroying this. You're the one throwing everything away over a girl."

"You knew Stella meant something to me weeks ago. That's why you began riding her again. A real friend wouldn't have done that. A real friend would have welcomed her. And a real friend..." I lean into him. "Wouldn't be trying to get into my sister's pants."

"Jonah!" Martha shout-whispers. She glances around. People keep walking, but they're gaping. It's obvious things aren't okay, but our voices are low enough that we could be fighting about the weather.

I round on her. "I can't stop you from seeing him. You're so stubborn you'll do what you want, but he hurts people. He hurts girls. I can give you a list a mile long and tell you each line he gave to them that he's probably giving to you, too."

Cooper shrinks under my stare and I soften my voice when I talk to Martha again. "I wish you wouldn't, but I can't stop you."

The pure menace radiating from my younger sister is undeniable. She can hate me, but I need her to know that she has what Stella never did: a place to fall. "And if he hurts you or if anyone else hurts you...you have me."

It feels unnatural, but I hug my sister. Her arms are limp at her sides, but she doesn't push me away.

"Remember, you have me," I repeat.

Martha slowly wraps her arms around my waist, reminding me of the conversation we had weeks ago in the driveway at home. "I was so scared that you had died that night."

"I know." I was terrified of the same thing. "But I'm here and I'm alive."

24

Stella

My fingers tap repeatedly against the arm of the plastic chair in the main office's waiting room.

"Stella?" The receptionist peers at me from the other side of her desk. "Mrs. Collins could be a while. Why don't you go to your first period class and I'll pull you when she's done?"

And face Jonah again? "No. I'll wait."

Magically, the door to her office opens. Out walks a girl who clutches a tissue and looks like a bucket of water has been tossed onto her face. For real? People actually fall for her shrink routine?

Mrs. Collins's eyes land on me and she has enough grace to wait until the girl leaves the office before speaking to me. "Hello, Stella."

"I need you to put me on the co-op track today."

She waves her hand for me to enter and I accept the bait. I collapse into the guest seat and lean back. This should be fast and painless. The clock shows ten more minutes of first period. I can easily make my new second period class.

Instead of going to the other side of her desk like I expect her to, she sits on the corner and folds her arms over her chest. "I thought we had an agreement. I was going to complete the paperwork to get the position at Dave's Automall approved and you were going to weigh your choices."

"I thought about it and I want to take the co-op track."

"I haven't had enough time to get Dave's Automall approved yet."

"Twenty bucks says that's not the problem."

She assesses me like I've figured her out. I'll admit to feeling a bit smug and I'm not ashamed to let it show.

"Hold your hands out," she says.

Uh... "What?"

"Your hands. Hold them out."

I slowly outstretch my arms. Mrs. Collins picks up a huge stack of papers and folders and drops it like a ton of bricks onto my hands. It's so heavy my arms give way and it all lands in my lap. "What are you doing?"

"If you don't feel like you can apply to a major college or university, which I disagree with, then we start with community colleges. You'll work on your associate degree then move on to another school for your Bachelor's. That stack has every scholarship application and financial aid document I could find last night and I guarantee with a few more phone calls, I can find more."

No thoughts. Not a one. Other than somehow the power in the room just shifted.

In her knee-length skirt, Mrs. Collins crouches so that she's at my level. "You can do this, and I want you to let me help you. I'll admit it can be daunting and not always easy, but together we can figure it out."

My heart pauses because I'm on the verge of going places in my mind that I shouldn't. "I need the job."

"And you'll have it. I talked to Dave. They're hiring for a new position, which means they not only need someone during the day, but in the evening and on weekends as well. It won't be easy, Stella. I'll never promise you easy, but lots of people work full-time jobs and go to school. It's not the traditional way, but..." She smiles as she looks at my hair. "Something tells me you're okay with nontraditional."

I don't know what to say so I say nothing.

"Let me help you," she says. "I want to help."

The papers threaten to spill to the ground, but I catch them before they can leave my hands. "You say that now..." I think of Dad and all of the girlfriends of Christmases past. "But I'll stop being new and shiny and then you'll find another kid in this school to pick on."

"I'm not going anywhere. We'll meet every Tuesday, an hour before school."

"Whate=". W if I don't want this?" I ask, not sure if the question is for her or for me.

"What if you do?" She turns it around.

What if I do? What if she's right? What if there's another way to reach my dreams while still being realistic?

"Maybe I want to try." I test out the words-part of me cringes and another part becomes lighter. I have no idea which side is wrong and which side will eventually be proven right.

"Then let me help."

The papers crackle under my grip. I'm a moron. I'm stupid. This is the worst mistake ever... "Okay."

25

Jonah

Stella wasn't in American Lit and my blood pulses with nervous anticipation as I wait for her in the cafeteria. I'm at my regular table and so is everyone else, except Cooper is sitting at the other end. The guys try to talk sports, but they sense the change. It's in the air...it's everywhere.

I glance at the clock. Two more minutes and I'm checking the library. Stella can't avoid me forever.

The door from the main hallway opens and Stella enters the cafeteria. She's completely focused on a booklet in her hand and she holds far more papers than I've ever seen her with. It takes me a second to register this difference, as she always comes in absorbed by a paperback, like clockwork, but not today and that's good. It'll go along with everything I have to say.

I walk in her direction and Stella sinks into a chair at an empty table near the back, still reading.

"You left before we were done talking."

Stella jerks and then blinks like she doesn't believe I'm there. "Jonah-"

"No, you're not going to talk your way out of this. Today, you're going to listen to me."

She rests the paper on the table, keeping her eyes locked on me.

Okay. That went a lot easier than I thought it would. I take a deep breath and dive out of my comfort zone. I put one foot on the empty chair beside her then haul myself onto the table. Stella jumps up and hisses, "What are you doing? Get down."

"No."

Her neck swivels like a bobble head, and she definitely notices how the entire cafeteria grinds to a standstill. "Seriously, get down. Have you lost your mind?"

"Probably." I stop to consider "No. I've never seen things so clearly."

"Get down!"

"I'm not ready yet." And I hold my hand out to her.

The color drains from her face. "What?"

I wiggle my fingers. "Come here."

"Nuh-uh."

"By not cooperating you're only making this take longer."

"Jonah!" Her frustration is clear.

"Stella!" I mimic in return.

She crosses her hands over her chest. "Not happening."

"Fine. Then I'll speak louder." Not giving her a chance to bolt, I continue, "Last night you said I e'lt happeniproved to you that it was possible to change. Well, I have, but what you forgot to add was that you changed too. It's not one in a million, Stella. It's two in a million and it's you and me. In other words...I'm not giving up on us."

Stella glances around and I can hear her internal wish that everyone would stop staring, but we both know that won't happen. Being the center of attention, it's one of her fears, but Stella's become my whole world and I want everyone to know...including her.

She touches her barrette to comfort herself. "I know."

I pop my mouth open, ready for the next part of my speech, then pause. "What?"

She looks around again. A few teachers and security guards stand on the periphery of the lunchroom, but no one comes close. Someone starts to talk on the other side of the cafeteria and someone else shushes them.

"I know," she repeats. "I met with Mrs. Collins today and, well...look, I don't know what's going to happen and it's going to be hard, but maybe..." She shrugs and her face turns red. "If you can change, maybe I can too."

I run through her words twice to make sure I heard her correctly. "So we're together?"

The right side of her mouth tilts up and she lifts her eyebrows. I can't help the goofy smile on my face. We're together.

I hop off the table and lift Stella into my arms, her feet swinging off the ground. She weaves her arms around my shoulders and my body relaxes when she kisses the side of my neck. A few people clap, a few girls say "aww," but all I focus on are the words Stella whispers to me. "I'm in this, Jonah."

I lower her to the ground, take her face in my hands, and kiss those soft lips. "I'm in this, too."

A teacher clears his throat and we both take an embarrassed step back, but she laces her hand with mine. Stella eases me into a seat at her table and her eyes shine as she begins to talk about her future...our future...

"I think I'm going to try college," she says.

I scoot my chair closer to hers. "I think that sounds like a fantastic idea."

It does, and for the first time since the accident, I'm living my life knowing that I'm doing it right.

