1

The breeze that wafts by me is deceptive. It carries the scent of burning sage, a scent we associate with happy occasions, like marriage ceremonies and harvest festivals. Marron believes the herb will lift our mood and help us all forget we're living in a cave.

Like that's possible.

The sage does not mask the reek of illness and brackish water. It does nothing against the cold in here. Cold that is bone-cracking. Skin-splitting. Nor does the sage have any effect on the darkness, darkness so complete it sucks you under like a riptide, pressing the air out of your lungs and teasing nightmares from your imagination. The sage does not keep me from seeing stone walls everywhere I look, rough and gouged surfaces, like meat clawed from an animal.

There is no forgetting where we are. No amount of good smell can take my mind off this cold, stale grave, or the Aether that's put us here by destroying the world outside.

I look around me, at the Dweller cavern where I am stuck helping Molly. This place is the most desperate of all.

"Help me," someone rasps behind me.

"Water," moans another voice off in the shadows.

The sounds of the Dwellers wheezing and moaning have not ceased since I arrived.

They are sick. Every one of them is struggling to survive out here, out of their home, the Dweller Pod.

I kneel by a young Dweller girl wrapped in wool blankets. She is around my sister's age, eight, and has a complexion as gray as ash. Her eyes are rolling back with fever and she looks a little monstrous, but I can't make myself care. My sister has been back less than a day. I should be with Clara instead of this stranger.

Seeing her sorry condition, I don't even bother trying to give her water. If I do, it'll just run down the side of her face, like it did for the last three people before her. So I stand and move on to the next Dweller.

"Everything all right, Brooke?" Molly calls from across the cavern.

I stop mid-stride, the jug sloshing a few drops onto my hand. "Yes, Molly. Everything's great." I'm sure my disgust for the Dwellers is apparent on my face. "Just trying to figure out which one of them looks the worst. It's not easy to do."

Twelve hours ago, the Moles arrived on a ship with Perry and his new toy, Aria. The Dwellers were forty-some in number. None has succumbed to illness yet and died, as far as I know. When they first saw us, every one of them looked terrified, like they expected us to roast them alive for supper. I enjoyed that moment.

Not even an hour later, the first Dwellers fell ill with fever. And then it was like an avalanche of illness as they dropped off, one after another, until they were all teetering on the edge of consciousness. Molly had them brought back here, to this isolated cavern in the deeper recesses of the cave, to sweat and moan and fight for their lives.

Gren told me most of this, because I left right after their arrival. The Dwellers weren't the only ones who came from their Pod on the Hover. My sister, Clara, did too. As soon as I set eyes on her, I didn't see anything else. Clara had been gone for a year, and I had missed her every single day she was gone.

"Just keep going in order," Molly says to me now. "Take them one at a time. They all need help."

I glance around me at the shivering, sickly bundles. What they need is a miracle. "Why do we keep giving them water if they just throw it back up?"

"Because they'll dehydrate otherwise."

"But they're not keeping it down."

Molly rises from the Dweller she's been helping and comes over. She grunts a little as she kneels at my side. With the added work and the moisture in the cave, her joints are bothering her more than usual.

"They might keep a little down," she says. "We have to hope for that." She studies the Dweller before her-a girl my age-and her face softens with sympathy. The girl is delicate as a bird, with short black hair that spikes up like the leaves of an artichoke. Her green skin color only enhances the resemblance. Like that of all the Dwellers around me, her immune system collapsed. She looks ready for a burial at sea.

"Her name is Rune." Molly runs a hand over the girl's head, smoothing down her hair. "I spoke with her briefly when she stirred a little while ago. She's one of Aria's friends."

I can't believe she touches them. "And you're telling me this why?"

Molly's amber eyes find mine. She shakes her head slightly, but her expression is kind. "You could make more of an effort, Brooke."

"I'm making an effort, Molly. Many efforts, in fact. I'm giving them water. I'm holding buckets while they retch. You know the boy? The burly one-Soren? He vomited on me ten minutes ago. Spewed on me. Look at my sleeve." I hold it out, showing her. How much more am I supposed to do? I left my sister's side to be here.

Molly watches me like she's not sure if she wants to say something else. I notice the lines around her eyes. Her face holds a sheen of perspiration, a few heavier drops beading over her thin lips. She's exhausted. She's been here since the Dwellers came in. I wish she didn't care so much about everyone. It's sucking the life out of her.

Her attention shifts, her eyes twinkling with reflected lamplight as they take in the feverish Dwellers around the cavern. "You're right." Molly pushes a strand of hair away from her face and lets out a long sigh. "We need to find another way to handle this. I'd better have a talk with Marron to see what else we might do." With a muffled groan, she stands. "You'll need to stay here alone for a few minutes." She hesitates. "Try to be nice, Brooke?"

"Sure. I'll try," I grumble, though I'll do no such thing. People who try to be nice are false. They're liars. You should never force your behavior to be a certain way. You should just be. Maybe it's not going to be nice, but at least it'll be honest. "When you get back, can I go? I want to see my sister."

I can't get enough of Clara. She's changed so much in a year. Not just in the way she looks-taller, thinner, and older. She talks like the Dwellers now, all sharp-edged. She even moves like them, a little hesitant, a little poised. I need to draw that out of her.

"You'll see her again soon. We all have to pull our weight around here, and don't forget that it was the Dwellers who brought Clara back."

"It was the Dwellers who took her."

"Her abduction was more than just their doing."

I can't disagree with that.

Vale, Perry's brother, was as responsible for Clara's abduction as the Dwellers were. Even more so, since he was our Blood Lord. It was his responsibility to protect us, but what did he do? He sold my sister and he sold his own son, Talon.

For food.

Then he tried to frame Perry for it.

I'm not the only one of the Tides who still has a hard time accepting how crooked Vale was. It's strange how you can know something-know the pointy, sharp truth-but still want to bend and blunt the edges so it fits better in your mind.

Molly gives me a wink and walks away, knowing she's won our little debate.

When she's gone, I kneel next to Soren. I found out from Molly earlier that he was helping Aria inside the Pod. I should dislike him for that, but he's the healthiest one here, so he's my favorite. Even though he soaked my sleeve.

"If I give you water again, will you keep it down this time?" I ask, seeing that his eyes are open. Barely, but they are.

"Can't make any promises," Soren rasps. He's kidding around, which is another reason he's my favorite. This place is hell. If you can joke in here, then you can make light of just about anything.

"Well, aim to the side this time, all right?"

He nods and parts his lips. I bring the water to them and pour it in slowly. He's sallow and sweaty, but he wouldn't be bad-looking if he weren't a Dweller. He has a strong face, with a heavy brow and eyes that look like they don't miss much, even in their glazed, sickly state.

All the Dwellers are fair, with no wrinkles or scars or blemishes. I guess those qualities were done away with in the Pods. I feel very lucky that I look as good as they do-or better, actually-just by plain good fortune.

I can tell Soren is taking small, careful sips so as to keep the water down. "What's your name again?" he croaks when he's finished.

"Not telling you again." All I need is forty Dwellers moaning "Brooke" to me all day long.

Drinking has made Soren out of breath. He's panting a little when he says, "Outside ... what's happening?"

"Aether. Lots of it."

His eyes narrow like he's trying to picture the sky outside, and a small worry line appears on his brow. "How are we going to-"

"There's nothing you can do to help," I assure him, "especially in your pathetic condition, so just go back to sleep." I get up and move on to the next person.

Molly says I'm not making enough of an effort with these people, but I really don't think she's been paying attention.

My path through the cavern is methodical. And targeted. I work my way toward Aria, who I've avoided until now.

I didn't want Molly watching me around her. I didn't want to feel like she was policing me. Like she thought I might hurt Aria. Being suspected of that would streak me, even though the idea of doing her harm does hold some appeal.

It takes me ten minutes to reach Aria's side. Glancing around to make sure no one is watching me, I kneel next to her, moving as quietly as I can. She is in a deep sleep or maybe unconscious, but she is an Aud. I don't want to take any chances that I'll wake her.

As I look her over, my heart starts thudding and my face warms with anger.

Her right arm is bandaged, but blood seeps through the wrap, staining the white gauze with bright red spots.

Her arm was shot, apparently.

It's becoming infected, apparently.

I should feel bad for her, I suppose.

I don't.

She looks good for someone who's wounded. That actually is apparent. Her hair is as black as the darkness around me but still shines like a diamond. Her skin is as pale as the moon, and she breathes like an Aud.

Soundlessly. Elegantly. Gently.

I am blond and strong and loud and determined, and no one will ever call me elegant. No one will ever see me as gentle. She is everything I'm not.

And Perry chose her.

Over me.

I let out a slow, shaky breath. Leaning closer to her, I picture Perry kissing her. Coals heat in my stomach, warming with every second that passes. The heat becomes unbearable; I nearly expect to see a glow through my shirt.

I can't stand it anymore and have to let it out. Words pour from my lips.

"You probably can't hear me," I whisper, "but I hate you. I hate that you took away who I love. He was mine and we were happy until you came along. Maybe you think you fixed that by bringing Clara back, but you didn't. Perry should be mine. Not yours."

I sit back on my heels. The coals are still sizzling inside me. That didn't make me feel any better.

Footsteps close in behind me. My heart almost leaps out of my throat as I whirl and see a figure emerging from the shadows.

Perry.

I thank the skies he's not an Aud or he'd have heard everything I just said. Then I remember that he is a Scire, and two thoughts spring into my head: he will know my hateful feelings toward Aria, and he will smell vomit on me.

Standing, I pull my sleeve behind my back and summon my happiest memory in hopes of softening the bitterness I'm certain is in my temper.

Clara's giggle comes to mind. The burbling sound my sister makes when she laughs-hopefully preserved despite her time with the Dwellers-is all I can come up with, but it's enough to make me smile.

Perry stops in front of me, but his eyes hold on Aria for a beat. His hair is pulled back, with the shorter strands pinned behind his ear. "Hey, Brooke."

"Hey, Per." I'm relieved that I sound calm.

His weight settles to one hip as he looks around. "Doesn't look like there's been much improvement."

My eyes stray to his narrow waist and then to the dusty leather pants that skim his long, muscular legs. He is nineteen now, and the only boy left in him is his ranginess. The leanness that makes him look even taller than he is.

I take in his crooked nose, his steep cheekbones. The bright green of his unrelenting eyes. He is weathered and softened like a seashell. Beautiful in the exact opposite way of the plain perfectness of the Dwellers.

He looks back at me, waiting for me to respond. I want to say that he improved this place the second he appeared. It's the kind of thing I would have said once. But I just say, "Not really. If anything, they're worse."

"How is she doing?" he asks, tipping his chin.

The coals in my stomach crackle with heat. While I've been mooning over how beautiful he is, he's been thinking about Aria.

I'm losing to a girl who's unconscious.

"I don't know." An hour ago, Molly and Marron huddled by Aria as they discussed her injury, but I wasn't listening. All I know is that the wound seems to be festering, but that's true for many things around here.

Perry lets out a slow breath, and his focus settles on me squarely. He is no longer thinking about Aria. He is thinking about me. I know because a shadow falls over his eyes and he suddenly looks guilty. Maybe even a little worried.

"Take a walk with me, Brooke?"

I didn't expect that. "I can't right now," I blurt. All I've wanted for months is time alone with him, but now I find myself trying to escape it. "Molly wanted me to-"

"I just saw her. She's sending Marron and a few others over. She said you're free to go."

"Oh. All right."

As we walk out, I'm glad he's in front of me so I can try to gather myself. I know nothing is going to happen between us, but it doesn't appear that my body is aware of this. My pulse races, and anticipation curls through me. It's a familiar feeling. Six months ago we'd sneak into this cave, Roar and Liv trailing behind us, and I would land in Perry's arms.

"Brooke," he says, turning suddenly. We are somewhere in one of the jagged corridors that weave through the caverns inside the mountain. There's a lantern far ahead, but the light is dim. I can only see the soft glint of the Blood Lord chain at Perry's neck. "How are you doing?"

Sounds bounce around in all this rock, and though he is two paces away, it feels as though he whispered the question right into my ear. Gooseflesh prickles the skin on my arms.

"Clara's back. Liv is dead. How do you think I am?"

It's a rude comment, but I don't know what else to say. He rejected me. Does he really expect me to confide in him? And I don't know why he's asking me that question, anyway. If anyone knows how I am, it's Perry. His nephew, Talon, was missing just like Clara. And Liv was his sister. He lost her too.

There are no words to describe the emotions colliding inside me. My friend is gone; my sister is back. I am scalding and yet I'm chilled to the bone. I am angry. I am sadder than I've ever been in my life. My emotions rise and fall like the stoop and soar of a hawk.

I am scared. I am alone. I don't know what I am, and I miss him, and he shouldn't ask me that question, because he knows. He can scent it. He is living it. He is breathing my pain.

Perry lets out a slow breath. "Can I do anything?"

"You have enough to do."

"I care about you, Brooke."

"No, you don't. I know who you care about." I point to the Dweller cavern. "She's in there."

I don't want to say any of this. There are times I wish I had a cork to stopper my mouth.

Perry takes a step closer, his voice growing softer and quieter. "Aria and I are together, and that's not going to change. But I want us to change. I want us to move past this."

"There is no us anymore, Peregrine. You made sure of that."

I can't look into his worried eyes for another second, so I stare at the links of his chain. I want to wrap my fingers around it and pull his mouth down to mine. I want to feel his lips. His tongue. His body.

It makes no sense. He broke my heart and I still want him so much. How is that possible?

Maybe I caught the Dwellers' fever. Maybe I'm delirious.

We are quiet for a long, long stretch that's probably only seconds. But I can't leave and he can't leave, and every time he speaks, I feel worse.

"Brooke ... you're one of the best people I know," he says softly, breaking our silence.

The words fall like frost on my skin. "Am I, Perry? That's great to know." I step forward. He doesn't back away. I have to tilt my head up to see into his eyes. We're only inches apart. Not as close as I want us to be. "Well, you know what? You're one of the best Blood Lords I know. How does it feel to be almost the best?"

Silence. A muscle flexes in his jaw, but he doesn't speak.

"It's a bit like not being good enough at all, isn't it?" I say.

"You're twisting my words. That's not what I meant to-"

"It is, Perry. It is what you meant. Admit it. I'm not good enough for you."

Before he can say another word, I spin and head into the darkness. I don't even bother trying to walk. I run.

My feet strike the hard stone ground at a reckless pace, but I don't hear a sound. Not my footfalls, or my own breathing. There is only a desperate plea, filling my thoughts.

Get out of my heart, Perry.

Please. Get out of my heart.

2

With the hours I spent helping Molly, I missed supper with my sister. That streaks me more than anything else has today.

My stomach rumbles loudly with hunger, like it's demanding to be heard. I imagine it taunting me: You thought vomit and brokenheartedness was all? Foolish of you.

I want to find Clara, but first I make a quick detour to the cluttered cavern that serves as our kitchen, grateful to find a leftover piece of bread. It's burnt and so hard it feels like a log, but it's food. I pull the dagger from my belt and cut the center, then wedge a thick slice of goat cheese inside. I head for the main cavern, managing not to chip any teeth as I wolf down my meager meal.

When we found out we'd be moving from the Tide compound to this cave, Marron took it upon himself to make it as livable as possible. He had a wooden platform installed at the center of the main cavern-a raised dais, about a foot and a half tall and forty feet square. His idea was that people needed a smooth place to sit and eat.

It seemed like a lot of trouble to go to at the time, but he was right to have it built. It's the area where the tribe gathers now. The platform always has at least a dozen people sitting on it and along its perimeter. It's where we socialize and spend our free time-what little we have of it.

The platform is my first stop in my search to find Clara, and I'm smiling before I even get there. Just thinking about my sister makes me forget Perry's you're one of the best people comment.

"Brooke!" Gren calls out. He stands to the left of the platform. Gren is one of the Six. The three Seer brothers are with him as well. Twig isn't here-he's away with Roar-and Reef is absent too, probably off growling at someone about something. So at this very moment, the Six are actually the Four.

Despite being relatively young, the Six are harder-edged than the men born into my tribe. "Borderland tough," my father says of them. Fighters to the core. They used to be a wandering pack that had no allegiance to a Blood Lord. They'd still be in the borderlands if it weren't for Perry, who won their loyalty and brought them into the Tides.

Perry is like that. Always gathering strays. I see evidence of it everywhere. In Marron and the Six. In the Dwellers. Even in a mutt like Flea. Perry never turns anyone away.

Only me.

"Hey." I walk up to them, resting a hand on my hip. From the corner of my eye, I see bread crumbs on my chest, so I brush them off.

Hyde's cheeks turn radish red as a blush creeps over them. Hayden and Straggler start elbowing each other. Gren's smile widens, his eyes leaving my face and straying downward.

I roll my eyes. Gren and Hayden are in their twenties, unlike Hyde and Straggler, who are closer to my age of nineteen, but they all behave as though they are twelve. Collectively. "What do you need?" I ask Gren.

"You, Brooke," he says immediately. "I need you."

I shake my head. Here we go.

"I do too," says Hayden. "I'm desperate for you."

"Don't listen to them, Brooke," says Hyde. "I need you."

"I need you the most," says Straggler, the youngest brother.

"Keep out of this, boy-man. You don't know anything about women."

"That's why I need her the most! Teach me, Brooke!"

I let them go on for a little while. I like the Six. I've known every male in the Tides since I was born, and I'm related to almost half of them, so it's fun having new boys around. They joke constantly, but I've fought alongside them and I trust them. They might be a little crass, but they respect me. I'd beat them blue if they didn't.

"Have you seen my sister?" I say, cutting them off.

Silence falls over them. Their smiles fade, and they look at one another like I've just given them a complicated problem to solve. Thankfully, Bear, who is sitting nearby, overhears.

"With your parents," he calls over. "They've taken her to bed."

"See you," I say to the Six. I head to the tucked-away section of the main cavern where we have tents set up, hoping I'll catch Clara before she falls asleep.

Gren jogs up beside me, so silent he's almost at my side before I notice him. His ruddy, wavy hair looks like hammered copper in the dimness. He is the biggest joker of the Six. When there's mischief happening, he's usually at the helm, so I'm almost smiling before he speaks.

"Something came up on the afternoon patrol. Intruders were spotted."

A little surge of adrenaline shoots through me. I stop. "Intruders?"

Gren's mouth is set in a grim line. He nods. "A small group of people. Well inside the northeast border."

"Who? How many?"

"Don't know for sure. Maybe three or four. Morgan and Pierce were out there. They didn't get a good look."

Morgan and Pierce aren't Seers. Their vision is half as powerful as mine. I would have seen everything. I should have been there this afternoon instead of serving water to Moles.

When we moved to this cave, we gave up the Tide compound, but this is still our territory. We still protect our land. We have to defend our food and our shelter; we can't afford to lose either. Gren's news could mean real trouble. Strangers on Tide land could mean a raid.

"Does Perry know?" I ask.

"Reef's telling him now. We're going out for a closer look tonight. You free?"

There's a big part of me that wants nothing more than to curl up next to my sister and fall asleep. But I'm a Tider. This tribe is my family, and I'll do anything to protect it. "Give me a little time to see Clara, but I'll be there."

Gren smiles. "Great." He walks away, then pauses and turns back. "I told you we needed you."

Slipping through the heavy canvas flaps of our family's tent, I find my mother and sister sitting on bed pads on the floor. Mother is brushing Clara's hair, and they're both facing me, their faces glowing with light from the lamp that rests on the small crate beside them.

Though they look alike, like mother and daughter, like me, with large blue Seer's eyes and heart-shaped faces, their expressions couldn't be more different.

My mother is smiling. She was talking, as she pulled the brush through Clara's long hair, until I entered. Now her hand has stilled, and her excited, joyful face is lifted to me.

For the past year, I listened to her cry every night. I wondered if she'd ever be happy again. I wondered if she'd ever stop.

I won't be here tonight, but I know she won't cry.

Her daughter is back. Her little girl. Her sunbeam, as she calls Clara.

And Clara is a sunbeam. Bright and golden and cheerful. The child whose shrieks of laughter could always be heard in the compound. The one who always ran from one place to another, never walking. Never doing anything without an extra kick of energy.

The girl whose hair is being combed doesn't look golden or cheerful anymore.

Clara's face still has baby-fat roundness, but her blue eyes are serious, adult eyes. I glimpse the fearful, lost look in them just before she covers up with a smile.

"Hi, Brookie," she says, a sunbeam again. So bright she is blinding. So bright you can't even see her.

I cross to my mother and plant a kiss on top of her head.

She laughs. "What's that for?"

I don't hand out affection easily. "Just because." Because I want to keep you happy.

I hold out my hand. "Can I take over?"

"Sure." My mother gives me the brush and scoots away. "I'm going to get us some water and a few more blankets. It's going to be cooler tonight."

It's not. The temperature in here doesn't fluctuate. It's always uncomfortably cool. But I know she wants everything to be perfect for Clara's first night back.

Mother pauses at the tent flap, looking from me to Clara. The love in her eyes is so strong it feels like an embrace. "My beautiful girls," she says, and then slips out.

I sit behind Clara and pull the brush through her hair, letting the silence settle. People are bedding down in the tents around us. With each drag of the bristles through my sister's butter-blond hair, the sounds of footsteps and voices grow quieter.

"Do you miss Liv?" Clara asks. Her voice is so soft I almost can't hear her.

I don't know how she learned about Liv. From Talon? From Mother? And what else does she know that will surprise me? Once, I could anticipate everything Clara said and did. A year apart has changed that.

"Yes. I do miss her," I answer.

"But are you going to be all right? Without her, I mean?"

My eyes well up. Clara is the only one who has asked me that. Everyone else is too worried about the Aether, or about the Dwellers, or about Cinder and Roar. "You're back, Clara. So, yes. I will be."

"I should be too. Because I'm back."

I set the brush down on my lap. What she isn't saying is much louder than what she is saying. I can't pretend I don't know what she means. "But you aren't, are you?"

Clara shakes her head.

A lump rises in my throat. "Why, sweetie?"

Her narrow little shoulders shrug. It was a stupid question anyway.

Clara wasn't harmed in Reverie. The Dwellers treated her well enough, it seems. But she was taken away from us for a year and made into a test subject. Now we've gotten her back, but the world is burning, the sky is one great blanket of Aether, and we're living in a rotten, dark, horrible cave.

Clara isn't the only one who has changed in the past year. The Tides have. Everything has.

She has every reason in the world to be scared and lost.

"Have you told Mom?" I whisper.

Clara shakes her head violently, and I know we're thinking the same way. The least she can do-the least either of us can do-is spare our parents any more pain. They have suffered enough.

It's the same reason I haven't told my mother how I hurt over losing Liv. How I ache whenever I see Perry. How I even miss stupid, irresistible Roar, who should be here. Roar is exasperating, but at least he'd understand what I'm going through. But he's not here.

My closest friend is dead. Roar is away. Perry has chosen another. There are no other options for me. I can't turn to anyone else.

We are all hurting and missing people. Everyone is scared, so you can't talk about your worries because worries are everywhere. When everyone you know is on the verge of drowning, you don't stop to tell the person next to you that you don't like swimming.

You just don't.

I set the brush aside and wrap my arms around Clara. She is bigger than I remember, but she still feels so small. I pull her close and she curls against me, turning so I can see her face. Clara's wide eyes look up at me. Beautiful Seer eyes. I know what she's feeling. She's lost, but I'll help her. I'll be anything she needs me to be.

"It'll be fine, Clara. You're here. We're together. I promise nothing will ever happen to you again."

That seems to calm her, so I keep saying it. Over and over. Gradually, I feel some of the tension seep out of her rigid little back, and she relaxes, her weight settling more fully on me.

I press my nose to her forehead and breathe in her sweet smell. I haven't seen a strawberry in weeks, but somehow my sister smells of them. It's her natural fragrance; even Perry and Liv always said so.

She is a sunbeam that smells of strawberries. Everything to me.

I kiss her head and hold her tighter. "I missed you so much."

Clara doesn't reply. She has already fallen asleep.

I hold her for a while longer, feeling grateful. So grateful she is here. And then, like a landslide that begins with a small pebble, my mind turns to Perry, and then to Liv, and then to Roar, and finally to how the four of us used to be.

I used to feel so carefree and alive when we were together. Lighter than air. Now when I think of them, I feel only the heavy, hot coals in my stomach.

I have to change this. I can't do anything about Liv or Roar, but I have to let go of Perry. I don't want him to take up space in my mind any longer. I need to be strong so I can help Clara.

I decide right then: I'll do whatever it takes to put Peregrine behind me.

I am moving on.

Starting now.

3

When my mother returns, I help her tuck Clara in. Then I tell her I'm going out on night watch.

She understands. She doesn't ask questions like my father would if he were here. Father would insist on coming with me. He was a great warrior once, but now he's older, and I'm faster and sharper without him. I grab my bow and quiver, kiss Clara and Mom good-bye, and jog out to the main cavern before he arrives.

Most everyone has gone to the tents to sleep. Only a few lamps still burn around the perimeter of the platform, illuminating a dozen stray people. I spot a tall figure holding a bow, and my heartbeat stutters. Then he rises to his feet, and I see that it's just Hyde.

He joins me, flicking the blond fringe out of his eyes. "You're with me tonight. The others headed out ten minutes ago."

Hyde is the middle brother of the Seers. I rarely see him without Hayden or Straggler. "You were left behind by Straggler?" I ask.

Hyde smiles. "It happens." He shifts the bow and quiver on his shoulder. "Ready?"

"Yes, Hyde. I am ready."

Since I made my decision about Perry, I'm feeling much more optimistic. I am finished with grief and rejection. Tonight I'm not just driving away intruders from Tide territory. I'm driving away unwelcome, unhealthy, unhappy thoughts. I'm reclaiming the territory of my mind and heart.

We leave the cave, trading the smell of sage and standing water for the outside smells: burning forest mixed with fresh ocean scent, and that peculiar prickle of the Aether, which isn't a scent so much as a creeping, crawling sensation over your skin.

It's much brighter outside, thanks to the Aether churning in glowing blue eddies above us. That sight used to send us running for the shelter of our homes. Now we are accustomed to it. Now we live in a cave.

"Fierce," Hyde says, his eyes on the sky.

"I'll protect you."

"I wouldn't be here if I didn't believe that."

His tone is light, but I know he means it. I might not be six and a half feet tall or weigh two hundred pounds, but I fight as well as any of the Six.

We cross the small strip of sand to the switchback path that climbs to the bluff above.

Hyde's bow bounces gently on his wide back as he walks. It's a beautiful bow, fashioned from a slender, straw-colored piece of yew. It matches Hyde. His build and his hair. An expert bow for an expert archer.

Hyde is one of the best, like me. I smile to myself.

My plan is working. Already Perry's words don't hurt as much.

We crest the bluff and head due east, following the route Reef described to Hyde earlier. Then we walk an hour and a half until we reach the top of the gentle slope, which affords a clear view of the easternmost border of Tide land.

This area is one of the few places in our territory that hasn't succumbed to fires from Aether storms, and the oak trees along this ridge are majestic and ancient. Hyde and I settle on a fallen branch that's as large as an ordinary tree.

We can see miles away-toward our eastern border. If there are intruders crossing into Tide land, we'll spot them from here. Now there's nothing left to do except that all-important job of being a sentry-waiting.

Before us, the valley slopes down to a grass clearing woven through by a line of trees that follow a dry creek bed.

My eyes wander to the largest tree.

The first time with Perry was there.

That night comes back to me with perfect clarity, and my face warms as I remember how he looked and how I felt. How we were both trembling and trying not to laugh in our fumbling, breathless eagerness.

Then my memories sink deeper, and I am with Liv earlier that night. She'd pulled me behind the cookhouse after supper.

"I love him," she said. "I'm ready. Roar and I are ready."

That was the moment I decided Perry and I were ready too.

"Brooke, you two don't have to just because we are," Liv said.

"I love him too," I told her.

Liv just stared at me, and I remember thinking, She knows. She knows Perry doesn't love me. She would scent it, as a Scire. Know it, as his sister.

It was the kind of thought that flew like a sparrow through my mind. There and gone. I didn't want to trap it and examine it then. Perry and I were happy. We had fun together. And I wanted to believe that fun would lead to better things. Deeper feelings between us.

So I hoped.

It's strange now to think the four of us lost our virginity on the same night. It's the sort of thing that would reinforce the Dwellers' view of us as savages, if they knew. But I wouldn't have had the courage any other way. I knew Perry would never hurt me. Even if he didn't love me the way I loved him, he cared for me.

And I wanted to keep us all together, our paths heading in the same direction. My world was perfect when I was with Roar, Liv, and Perry. All I ever wanted was for us to stay the way we were.

"I'm sorry about what happened."

Hyde's voice pulls me from my memories, thankfully. I'm doing a rotten job at moving forward.

"With Liv," he elaborates. He turns toward me slightly. His legs seem so much longer than mine. Like they go on forever. "I'm sorry for your loss."

I guess I was wrong about no one caring how I feel about Liv. "Thanks ... It feels like I lost her a long time ago, though."

"When she left for Rim?"

"Yeah." In a way, I've been grieving for Liv since she left to marry Sable, the northern Blood Lord she was betrothed to. The day she walked out of the Tide compound, I knew I'd probably never see her again. The difference is that now I'm sure of it.

A lump rises in my throat. I shouldn't say anything more. But the way Hyde is watching me, like he really wants to know, to listen to me, makes me feel safe.

"We did everything together. Me and Perry and Roar and Liv. The cave? We used to sneak out of the compound and go there, the four of us. Just to get away from the tribe and be alone."

"I heard that," Hyde says.

I stare at him, questions flitting through my mind. What exactly did he hear? From who?

"Reef mentioned something about it once," he rushes to say.

It's a poor cover-up. Reef is the last person in the world who would discuss something so trivial. Hyde just doesn't want me to feel gossiped about, but I don't really care. People gossip. I'm guilty of it too. But unlike Hyde, I never pass up a good teasing opportunity when I see one.

"Reef was telling stories about the adventures Liv, Perry, Roar, and I had in the cave?"

"Maybe it was Gren or Hayden."

"Or Twig or Straggler?"

"Er ... yeah." Hyde grins sheepishly, knowing I've caught him. "One of those."

He has a softer-looking face than Perry, I notice. His nose and jaw are more sweeping than starkly cut. Kindness rests easily in his eyes.

"It was a long time ago," I say lightly. Only six months, actually, but I don't want to look like I'm stuck in the past. "We used to think it was the greatest place. Well, Roar, Liv, and I did. Perry never liked it much. But Liv and I ... we felt like it was a whole new world that we'd discovered. We used to see it as someplace magical." I laugh a little, picturing the dark hovel we just left behind. "I can't believe we used to think that."

Hyde scratches the scruff on his chin. "I can."

"You can believe it?"

He lifts his shoulders. "Sure."

"No, you can't."

Hyde laughs. "I really can. Isn't that what magic is? Something you see when you shouldn't?"

"If that's your definition of magic, then it's everywhere." I wave at the sky, which shouldn't be the way it is either. "Even up there."

Hyde looks up, his expression turning pensive as he considers the Aether.

"You're kidding, right?" I say, watching him. "You can't really think there's magic in the Aether?" I just see destruction.

"What if it's not what you see, but how you see it? What if the magic is in your perspective?" He gestures to the plateau that spreads in front of us. "What if real magic is about having the right outlook? The right view on life?"

I feel like he's just become someone different before my eyes. Someone poetic. Someone intriguing. All I can do is stare at him.

After a moment, he looks away.

"Why did you do that?" I ask.

"Do what?"

"Turn away from me."

"I was regretting what I said."

"Why?" What he just said was beautiful. I can't believe he regrets it. "What do you have to lose if you say what you want to say?"

Hyde is suddenly fascinated with pulling a bit of leather from the frame of his quiver.

"Hyde?" I prompt.

"I don't know how to act around you sometimes," he says, winding the leather around his finger.

"Sometimes?"

"Alone," he says. "When we're alone."

"I intimidate you?"

He lifts his head. "Completely." His eyes hold steady on my face. "I don't want to ruin my chance to know you, Brooke. That's why. I don't want to ruin it by saying the wrong things."

My stomach does a somersault.

Up until this second everything felt normal. We were just two sentries, passing the time with conversation. But now he is no longer just Hyde. He is Hyde, who says he wants to know me, which feels so much more profound than to get to know me. Hyde, who asks me how I'm doing without Liv and talks about magic like it's in your eyes, not in the world.

I search for it now. I search for magic in his blue eyes.

I don't see it, but what I do see is just as surprising.

There is hope in Hyde's eyes, and it's real and honest and so different from the physical hunger I'm accustomed to seeing in the gazes of men.

I lick my lips, choosing my next words with care. "You do know me, Hyde."

I am blatantly fishing for more.

No. I'm not fishing. He is on the line, and I'm reeling him in.

"True." Hyde blinks, his smile wobbling. "I meant know you better."

It's the exact answer I expected. Exactly what I wanted to hear.

"You haven't lost your chance." I lean closer to him. "How can you lose a chance if you haven't even taken it?"

He holds perfectly still for a long moment. Then he inclines his head a little to the side, bringing his face closer to mine. His blue eyes drop to my mouth. We're close enough that I can see every fine hair on his jaw. This is my chance to retreat, but I don't.

A delicious spell has fallen over me. I want this. And I'm moving on. This is what it means to move on.

I feel Hyde's hand cradle the back of my head, but I need no encouragement to draw closer.

Our lips meet and hold, both of us stiff with awkwardness for an instant. Then Hyde's lips part and his tongue slides, velvet soft, against mine.

Desire seeps through my limbs like warm honey as we find our way, shifting closer.

He is patient and gentle at first, but then he becomes playful. He nibbles at my bottom lip, and I can tell he's smiling. He's a happy kisser. A girl could fall in love with that, I think.

Heat curls in my veins, and I reach for him, wanting more.

His shoulders feel different, not quite rounded enough with muscle, but I ignore that.

His hand is on my back, the pressure too light. I ignore that too.

I focus on the movement of his mouth over mine, which is full of affection and care. He kisses like a poet. Like he's writing poems on my lips.

But it lacks something. A confidence. A ferocity I'm familiar with.

Ignore, Brooke.

Ignore. Ignore. Ignore.

It's too late. I realize I'm getting in my head too much, because I hear the leaves rustle with a breeze. Hyde senses my hesitation, and his hand stills on my cheek. I feel the softest tremble of his fingers on my skin. I don't want it to tremble. I am past tremble.

Perry knew I liked him to take control. He knew what I wanted. By now he would have-

I suck in a breath, feeling like an arrow has sliced right through my heart.

I jerk back. Hyde's eyes fly open. We both freeze for an endless instant. Then I jump to my feet.

My legs shake beneath me as shame and lust play tug-of-war in my body. How could I think about Perry just then? What is wrong with me?

Hyde scrubs a hand over his face. "I'm sorry, Brooke. Was that too much?"

I'm so confused. I don't know what just happened. No. I do know. Kissing Hyde wasn't too much. It wasn't too little, either. It just wasn't kissing Perry.

"No. It was great." My voice comes out scratchy, like I'm going to cry.

Hyde rises to his feet. For a moment I think he's going to leave, but he doesn't. He steps closer. "The last thing I want to do is hurt you. I really like you. I know about you and Perry, and maybe this was too soon. Maybe it's not the right time, with all that's happening. But I don't care. I'll wait for you."

"I like you too, Hyde." It's the truth. He is thoughtful and romantic, and I should appreciate him for who he is, instead of just seeing him as not like Perry. "It's just that ..." I bite my lip, not wanting to explain to him that he is amazing but I am the one who is a mess. "You shouldn't wait for me."

I don't know how I'm supposed to move on, but I do know that having him wait for me isn't going to help.

Hyde's gaze darts past me suddenly. He lets out a curse, his posture tensing. In an instant he is all warrior again. A sentry who has just spotted danger.

Our waiting is over.

4

In the midst of a scrubby stand of birches roughly a mile away, I see what has alarmed him.

Three people. Too far for me to see their faces. Close enough that I can tell they are all men. We watch them for a few moments, taking in the practiced stealth of their movements. How their progress is careful and furtive, and runs parallel to the well-trod trail instead of on it. There is no doubt in my mind-they are attempting to stay concealed. The men in the distance aren't weary travelers seeking asylum. They are hostile.

Hyde comes to the same conclusion. "That's trouble."

"Let's run them off."

Hyde pulls his bow and quiver over his shoulder. His eyes blaze with intensity, and his muscles are coiled and rigid, like he's ready to spring forward. There's not a trace of kindness or playfulness in him anymore.

He gives a tight nod, and we jog down the hill toward the trespassers.

With a hundred yards still to go, Hyde and I slow to a quiet prowl. We could shout at them to leave from here. We could engage them with our bows. Hyde is a brilliant archer, as accurate as I am. But I have a clear view of the three men now. They have stopped walking, and I can see their faces.

And I know them.

I freeze. Hyde reacts immediately, stopping with me.

"Is it Roar?" he murmurs, sensing the shock that's swept over me.

I shake my head. Roar's return would be a great thing. This is not.

Anger ignites inside me, and I surge forward. My strides are fast and long, fueled by an endless flow of rage.

Hyde is next to me as we break through the tree line and come into the open. The three men stand on a rise above us, and Hyde and I have no cover. I have put us in the worst position possible, but I don't care.

"Wylan!" I slow to a jog and reach back, grabbing an arrow from my quiver and nocking it. "Don't move!"

His head whips to me. His eyes flare with surprise; then his expression transforms into something venomous and hateful as he recognizes me.

I approach the rest of the way slowly so I can keep my aim steady, my arrow ready to fly if necessary. Hyde holds pace beside me, his bow also drawn and nocked. As I have Wylan in my sights, Hyde swings his arrow between the other two traitors, Gray and Norris.

Hyde was there the night Gray poisoned Aria. He was also there the morning Wylan took a third of the tribe and left, renouncing his loyalty to Perry and to us-the Tides. He knows as well as I do that these three were forbidden ever to come back.

I stop when we are forty paces away. Wylan stands with his hands raised in surrender, looking from me to Hyde.

The strength of my vision allows me to see him as clearly as most people see at five paces. Weeks in the borderlands have not been good to him. His brow is heavier and lower. His pointy jaw juts out farther. His grimy skin sags like a plant that has wilted in the midday sun. Clothes that are no more than rags drape on his bony, stooping form. He has always had a pinched face, like he's just swallowed ash. In the time since he left us, he only appears to have become more bitter.

"What are you doing here?" I ask. There is a soullessness to his black eyes that chills me.

"I came to talk to Peregrine."

"Perry would kill you."

"Then I'm lucky to have come by you first."

"I may kill you myself."

Wylan's nostrils flare, and his chin rises slightly in suppressed anger. He has never liked me. "I mean no harm, Brooke. I've come to ask forgiveness." He glances at the two men at his sides. "We have."

"You're seeking forgiveness?" It seems impossible. It's a word I'd never expect to hear from his mouth. But he nods.

"Yes. I want to come home."

There is something in the way he lingers over the word home. Does he know we've abandoned the compound?

"Please, Brooke. We're tired. We want to be back with our tribe. Take us home with you."

"No chance," Hyde growls. He stands motionless at my side, his legs firmly set, his form perfect. The picture of an archer at his most lethal position.

"Tell Peregrine, then," Wylan says. "I beg you, Brooke. Take the message for me. Tell him I want to speak to him. He'll forgive me. At least give me a chance."

Hyde says, "I've heard enough."

I have too.

I drop my aim and let my arrow fly. It sinks deep into the earth between Wylan's feet.

He lets out a yelp and lurches back, but Hyde's arrow flies an instant later, also landing inches from Wylan's foot.

"Idiots!" Wylan yells, retreating frantically. "You're insane!"

"Get out of here," I tell him. "Come back to this land again and it'll be your death."

After we run them off, Hyde and I hold our post until the morning watch relieves us. We talk about Wylan. I am surprised by the fisherman's return-Wylan has always been so proud, so stubborn-but Hyde is not.

"You don't know the borderlands," he says to me. He is right. I don't know them, nor do I want to. "Pride is the first thing you lose out there," he continues. "And the most painless. The trick is to hold on to your honor. There are no laws. No rules beyond the ones you choose to live by." He gives me a faint smile. "If you break those, you make an enemy of yourself, and that'll destroy you faster than anything else."

I stare at him, marveling at how everything he says intrigues me. Questions pop into my head, but I hardly know where to start. I just want him to keep talking.

Hyde raises his eyebrows questioningly.

"We were good together," I blurt, just to say something, and I could kick myself. What I meant is how we handled Wylan. How it felt like we were perfectly in tune through the entire encounter. I don't want him to think I meant anything more.

I don't want to hurt Hyde. The hope I saw in his eyes earlier is a precious thing; I'm afraid I'll destroy that part of him. And if I do that, I could lose this-my connection with this warrior who is fierce and perfect at my side. This poet, whose words twinkle like stars before my eyes.

A smile spreads over Hyde's lips. It's affectionate and understanding and gentle. "Incredible," he says. "It was an encounter to remember."

I still don't know if we're talking about our kiss or our stand against Wylan, but it doesn't matter. I don't fear anymore. I know, whatever happens between us, Hyde and I will be fine.

"It was," I agree. "It sure was."

When the morning patrollers arrive, we fill them in and then return to the cave, where we assemble in the Battle Room, a small cavern Perry uses to discuss important matters.

There is a table here. A long wooden trestle brought from the compound, and benches and chairs. I drop into one of them. I never expected that sitting in a chair would feel like such a luxury.

Hyde sits on my left. Across the table are Reef, Marron, and Perry. They remain silent and serious as Hyde and I take turns describing what happened.

"Bold of them to show up," Reef mutters gruffly. "They know they aren't welcome here."

Bold is putting it mildly. I still can't get over Wylan's gall.

I look at Perry, anticipating his reaction. I hate Wylan for betraying my tribe, but it's personal for Perry. Wylan insulted him in front of the Tides. And then there's Gray, who tried to poison Aria. But Perry seems calm. Thoughtful. Nowhere near as furious as I expected.

"He didn't come to make amends," he says.

I say, "He said he wanted forgiveness."

Perry shakes his head. "That's an excuse. A story he came up with to explain why he was here. Wylan knows I'd never forgive him. He wouldn't have risked coming back unless he needed something."

I press my lips together. I didn't consider that Wylan might have trespassed onto our land with another motive in mind.

"Maybe he was trying to get to the compound," Reef says. "There are still supplies there, and it's unguarded. We left plenty behind that could be valuable. They could fetch a man some bartering power in the borderlands."

It's true. We couldn't bring all our belongings with us into the cave. Tools. Furniture. Clothing. We had to leave most of our things behind.

Marron shakes his head. "A plausible theory, but unlikely. There were only three men on foot. Carrying away goods would be impractical and difficult. I don't know that the effort would justify the reward." He looks at Perry. "You don't believe he's motivated by revenge?"

Another long pause as Perry thinks it over. I imagine Perry has a whole host of memories with Wylan. He's a Seer, like me, so his recollections would be strongly visual. But he's a Scire as well. Perry would have scent memories-all the tempers he's scented from Wylan. They would form a pattern, a reliable way to predict behavior. And, by working backward, the root of behavior: motivation.

Finally, he responds. "Wylan loves himself more than he hates me."

Marron nods, like this statement makes all manner of sense. "Self-preservation, then. He's driven by visceral, life-sustaining needs."

"Shelter," Reef says.

"The cave and the food stores we have here," Marron says, nodding. "That's what he's after."

I remember the way Wylan's voice pulled at the word home. He'd made it sound syrupy, and now I recognize that tone as falseness. Home implies an emotional attachment, but that's not what he wanted. What Wylan wanted was a roof over his head.

"But they were only three," Hyde says.

"You told me that when they dispersed, they took a third of the tribe," Marron says to Perry.

"A quarter. Almost a hundred people."

I can't help but remember Aria's Marking ceremony, when Gray slipped hemlock into Aria's tattoo ink. She almost died. Perry beat Gray to a pulp in front of everyone when he learned what Gray had done.

That attempt to poison Aria fractured my tribe. Some people sided with Perry and his right to defend Aria. Others, led by Wylan, saw it as a betrayal. They viewed Aria as a Mole, an interloper who shouldn't have been there to begin with.

I was one of them. I didn't want her there. But I didn't want to see her killed, either. I stayed with the Tides that day, but dozens of people left. Their faith in Perry as a Blood Lord was shattered. They broke oath and followed Wylan out of the Tide compound. That morning I lost friends I had never spent a single day without. It was like losing Liv, but worse. Liv didn't choose to go.

"You think the others are still with them?" I ask. "Hiding in the borderlands somewhere?"

Marron turns a ring around his finger as he replies. "Wylan was their leader when they left. He still could be. His entry into the territory could have been a scouting pass. The tip of the spear, probing for weakness."

"You think he's coming back with a larger attack," Perry says.

It is more a statement than a question-he has already accepted it-but Marron replies anyway.

"Yes. We have to be prepared for it."

5

When I finally make it to my tent, I'm crushed to find it empty.

Clara isn't here.

I want to go search for her, but I'm too exhausted. Normally, Hyde and I would have traded shifts, two hours on watch, two hours asleep, but we'd felt it best to double up after what had happened with Wylan, both of us alert for danger. We were thrumming with adrenaline too, but now that rush has faded and my eyes won't stay open.

I collapse onto my bed pad and barely pull my boots off before I plunge into sleep.

At some point I feel the covers shift, and I emerge from the rainbow colors of a dream to see Clara. She burrows under my blanket and nestles beside me. It's the middle of the day, and she shouldn't be here, but I love that she is. I love that my sister has come to find me. I pull her close and drift back to sleep, breathing in her strawberry scent.

When I finally wake, Clara is still sleeping. In my dreams I saw her standing in the rain, shaking and crying. Great big hiccups came out of her between sobs as she said, Don't leave me, over and over.

But then I touch my shirt, feeling the dampness at my breastbone, and I know it wasn't a dream. Not all of it, anyway.

I don't know what to do. I don't know how to help her. She's not like Talon, who seems to have returned without missing a step. Talon lost his parents and his aunt, and yet whenever I see him he is laughing and running off somewhere with Willow and Flea, no sign at all of being scarred.

Not my sister.

Don't leave me, she cried in my arms.

Clara isn't lost, like I thought before. She's worried we'll turn our backs on her again. Sell her again. She is afraid of being betrayed. She is afraid that if she lets herself love, she'll only be abandoned again.

And I understand that. I won't pretend what I've gone through is the same, with Perry, but it's not different, either.

I am afraid too.

Fear is what pulled me away from Hyde.

An unexpected sadness washes over me as I remember what he said. That he wanted to know me. He was opening his heart, but I couldn't because mine is closed. Mine is bruised and wailing and grasping to stay afloat. Mine is hiding in a corner, terrified it will be discarded again.

And I don't want it to be.

So much, I don't want it to be.

A lump rises in my throat as the urge to talk to someone slams into me. I need to tell someone how lonely I feel. How Perry and Liv and Roar left a hole in my life that I don't know how to fill. I need someone to tell me that everything will be all right.

Molly.

Molly is strong, like my mother isn't. I don't have to worry that my problems will burden her with worry. No one else is as wise and understanding.

I pull on my boots, tuck the blankets in around Clara, and jog to the Dweller cave, because that's where I'll surely find Molly.

Right away I see that the situation in here has deteriorated. The Dwellers are not shivering and drifting in and out of consciousness anymore. They are silent and still and barely breathing, and there is nothing even partly amusing about it.

It's frightening.

They are on the verge of dying, and it's so chilling that I almost forget why I came here until Molly calls my name. I see her in the dimness, crouching over one of the Dwellers. But any thought I had about having a long talk with her vanishes when she snaps, "Hurry, Brooke! Now!"

I rush over and see that she's pinning Aria down.

Aria is convulsing. Her legs thrash against the blankets and her eyes are wide, but I can't see her pupils. They're rolling back.

"Get Perry," Molly says. "Bring Perry and Marron now!"

For a second, I can't move. I can only stare. The bandage has been removed from Aria's arm. The bullet wound on her bicep almost makes me retch. It is swollen and raw. The smell that comes from it is curdled and festering and wrong. The infection is worse. Even I can see that it's spreading into her bloodstream.

"Brooke, go get Peregrine!" Molly snaps.

I turn to go, but it's as though Perry somehow sensed he was needed, because there he is, running toward us. Gren appears behind him, and that explains why Perry is already here.

Gren is an Aud. They were likely in the Battle Room nearby and Gren heard Molly. Heard her panicked voice shouting Perry's name.

I step back before I am run over by them. There is a mad scramble as Molly issues orders. Then Aria is in Perry's arms and it's like the night she was poisoned. The night of her Marking ceremony.

He carries her out, but this time we all follow.

He takes her into the Battle Room and sets her on the trestle table. Marron enters, making clipped demands for clean towels, boiled water, and surgical supplies from the Dweller Hover. I have never heard such a commanding tone from him.

I'm there. I know I'm there because I see and hear everything. But I am numb as the supplies arrive. Numb as Aria is injected with needles that finally relax her rigid, shaking muscles. Numb as her arm is sliced open by Molly while Marron aids her.

The smell and the blood make me queasy, so I stare at Perry's face as he hovers over Aria. He speaks to her though she's unconscious. He begs her to hold on and he tells her in a dozen different ways that he loves her.

The things he says ... they are beautiful.

I don't want to see or hear any more.

I leave the Battle Room, with its small army of people fighting to keep Aria alive, and wind my way through the dark corridors of the cave.

I wander aimlessly for a while, not feeling angry or hurt or much of anything.

All I can hold in my mind is hope. I want Aria to heal. I don't want Perry to have his heart broken too. As much as it hurt to be left by him, he's my Blood Lord. And he's my friend.

He was my nemesis in archery competitions when we were young. He was my best friend's little brother. Roar's constant companion in tormenting Liv and me. A pest for many years, in truth. Awkward and gangly and too quiet, until the day he became gorgeous and graceful and quietly confident.

He is not just a friend, I realize. He is family. That means we have an unbreakable bond. I want him to be well and happy. Even if it's not with me.

His face appears in my mind as he whispered to Aria so passionately and desperately. The bond between them is visceral, like Marron said in the meeting this morning. Life-sustaining.

It's what I want.

Perry never felt that way about me. He cared for me. I know he did. Does. But he never felt that for me, like if one of you dies, you both die.

Then it hits me, and I don't know how I didn't realize it before.

I never felt that way about him, either.

6

It's a revelation.

It's a revelation, and I need time to consider it.

It's a precious jewel; I need to hold it up to the light. Turn it, so I can see its shine from every angle.

I cross the main cavern in a daze, barely aware of the eyes that follow me as I pass the platform and walk outside to the sandy cove. I don't stop until the waves are pushing against my shins. Then I stare at the ocean and let it come. All of it.

The truth.

There was no beginning to Roar and Liv. No starting point. The day Roar came limping into the compound with his grandmother, he was already in love with Liv. She was in love with him, too. Everyone in the tribe saw it. We all knew the seed was there; it just needed to emerge. When it did, Liv had something incredible in her life.

Something I wanted too.

But there was more to it than just that. There were other reasons I wanted Perry. My attraction to him was growing by the day, and he had always been honest and loyal and good. I wanted him for who he was, and for what he'd help create. A perfect foursome of friends, made up of two couples. Made up of two sets of best friends. Every combination felt good.

More than anything, though, I wanted us to be like Roar and Liv. As unabashedly in love. But we weren't.

Unlike Liv and Roar, Perry and I had a beginning. It was a spring night, in the clearing. The tribe was gathered after supper, enjoying a crisp evening outside after a long winter. Roar was singing while Pierce played guitar. I sat next to Perry on the dirt, close enough that our legs bumped. He moved to scoot away, but I grabbed his forearm and kept him there. Then I kissed him, right there in front of everyone.

At home, my mother nearly pinched my arm off for that. But I knew Perry too well. Know him, since he hasn't changed. He doesn't do anything unless he believes in it, heart and soul. I knew I'd need to give him a big push to get us started. And it worked.

After that kiss, everyone assumed we were together. I let them think we were. I watched Perry's amusement at the notion gradually shift to acceptance. The next time I kissed him, he kissed me back, and that was all.

In a way, Perry was the last to know about us.

But while I initiated things between us, it didn't stay that way. Perry was there for me. Laughing with me. Wanting me. I know, for a time anyway, that he was as swept away by me as I was by him. But that started to change as soon as Liv and Roar left for Rim. With our foursome split in half, Perry began to drift away from me.

The hints were subtle at first. He'd draw away from a kiss too soon, or fall silent when I spoke to him about our future. Then the signs grew into bigger things. Misunderstandings. Arguments that never felt like they were resolved. I saw the direction we were heading. I just didn't want to believe it.

But I believe it now. Perry and I had a beginning. We were bound to have an end. And I understand that we were great together sometimes, but what we had was flawed and maybe a little forced. Maybe it was something that I really wanted, but that wasn't actually there.

Maybe the magic wasn't in us. It was in my eyes.

7

Why do you get to go outside, but I can't?" Clara asks me that evening.

"I have to," I answer.

Clara blinks her wide blue eyes at me. "But I haven't been outside in months and months and months."

"You aren't missing anything."

"Yes, I am! I want to run on the sand! And it's so dark in here."

"It's dangerous out there, Clara."

Wylan and his band aren't the only things I want to protect her from tonight. Outside, the Aether is raging, dropping funnels only a few miles from the cave. When the wind blows in from the right direction, it carries the smell of smoke from forest fires. It's a measure of Perry and Reef's concern that they're sending us out there tonight. They wouldn't put the patrol at risk unless they had legitimate fears about Wylan returning.

Clara crosses her arms and makes a sulky face, like she is five instead of eight. She thinks it'll melt me, seeing her act so young. Like the sweet, innocent little sister I lost. But my reaction is the opposite. At some point in the past year she learned to manipulate people, and that makes me want to hit something.

"Then why are you going?" she asks.

I'm not going to tell her about Wylan, so I drop a kiss on her head. "I'll see you in the morning."

"Brookie, please take me with you," she says, her eyes filling with tears.

Those aren't an act. They're real, and my throat tightens up. "Clara, I have to do this. You know I wouldn't leave you otherwise."

Around the platform, people are watching us. The tribe has been shaken all day, worried that the Dwellers are faltering. The only thing we want less than sick Dwellers on our hands is dead Dwellers on our hands. Aria's condition has rattled them as well. She pulled through her surgery, but it was close. She almost lost her arm. And judging by the restless glances thrown my way, the tribe has heard about Wylan and his band too.

It hasn't been an easy day for anyone.

I can tell my tribe wants me outside, where my bow and my eyes can protect them. It's where I need to be for Clara's sake too. So I tell her that.

"I'm going out there for you, Clara. To keep you safe. I have to go now." I hug her. Then, to take my mind off leaving her, I count my steps as I walk outside.

One, two, three ... five ... eleven ... twenty.

Hayden falls in step with me when I reach forty-two. By ninety-seven we have stepped completely out of the cave. I pause on the small strip of sand and finally allow myself to look back.

Bad idea. The pull to return to my sister is immense. Strong, like I'm falling toward her. She needs me in there and she needs me out here, and how am I supposed to know what's right? What's best?

"Ready?" Hayden asks. He is watching me closely.

"I'm with you tonight?" My voice is sharp, like the crack of a whip.

I wonder if Hyde requested not to be with me. I wonder why I feel jilted and depressed when I was the one who balked at what he offered. Which was tenderness and poetry and smiling kisses.

Good job, Brooke. Because those things are all so horrible.

Can this day get any worse?

A laugh bursts out of Hayden. "I'm glad you're so happy about it." He gives me his back before I can respond, and breaks into a jog, threading his way up the steep switchback path to the bluff.

"Thrilled," I mutter, catching up to him.

My walk with Hyde last night on this same trail felt contemplative, but Hayden attacks it. He is muscular and long-limbed like Hyde, but more energetic. Louder and more aggressive. The pace he sets forces me to focus on my footing and my breathing in order to keep up with him.

In minutes, sweat rolls down my spine, but I relish it. Since we've been in the cave, we haven't run like this. Everyone is always shuffling around, looking miserable.

You can't be miserable when you're running. It's such a simple and pure way to feel alive. As we put miles behind us, my mood begins to lift.

Gren and Reef aren't far to the north, and Hyde and Straggler are just south of us. We have reinforced our patrol numbers in all posts, but most substantially here on the eastern approach-the shortest distance to the cave. If Wylan is coming, this would be the most direct path, the one that would give us the least amount of time to react. This is where we are most vulnerable, so Perry appointed the Six to guard it tonight-the Six and me.

I am with these warriors because I am one of the best, but that distinction brings me nothing but pride now. It's an honor to be regarded as their equal.

After an hour of running, we stop to catch our breath and drink water. My eyes drift to the range of hills to the north, and dread seeps through me. The Aether looked fierce last night, but today its threats are not empty. The sky there flashes with funnels. Along the ridge below, a glowing orange line has appeared.

Fire.

Land is burning. Tide land. Mine.

I've been so focused on the trail ahead of me that I didn't see it.

"Do you think Reef and Gren are in that?" I ask. Then I gulp water, trying to slake my thirst.

Hayden's Seer eyes take in the distant hills, and then settle on me. He shakes his head. "They were swinging south to avoid it."

I focus my attention on the trees around me. The flutter of their leaves and the sway of their branches. "The wind is blowing our way, Hayden. You do know what that means?"

He takes another deep drink from his water skin and nods. "Why do you think I've been in such a hurry?"

"You knew the fires were going to blow our way?"

"I had a feeling."

"Why didn't you say anything?"

"Because I wasn't sure." He smiles. "But now I am."

I shake my head at him. "Great." The dry creek bed we followed from the cave is pooling with smoke. Our path is disappearing behind us. "We can't go back."

"No. But we better keep moving."

We have no other choice. The fires to the north-the source of the smoke that's blowing our way-show no sign of abating.

We run again. The wind continues to build, blowing hot, thick smoke that swirls past us. Black pieces of ash and glowing embers flutter by, some as large as leaves.

My lungs ache when Hayden finally stops. I have to press my thumbs into my eyes for a few seconds to relieve the stinging.

Still trying to catch my breath, I scan the distance for our position. I want to see the wooded slope where Hyde and I posted up last night, but I find that I can't see more than three hundred yards away. I know this territory as well as I know Clara's face, but with smoke billowing past, nothing is recognizable.

I bite back a curse. Sight is my gift. When I can't see, I'm not happy.

"Well, I'm terrified," Hayden says. "How about you?"

I look at him. "Where are we?"

"Definitely lost." He kneels, pulling his quiver over his shoulder. Sweat drips off his forehead. He swipes at it absently and withdraws a compass from a small pocket.

Relief washes over me. "I could hug you right now." That small instrument may have just saved our lives. It's easy to lose direction when you can't navigate by sight. As disoriented as we are, we could get turned around and head directly toward the fire line.

"A nice thought, but unnecessary." Hayden checks the compass. "We haven't gone off course by much. We're still heading east." He points straight ahead and stands. "Let's keep going. We have to get clear of this smoke."

As we run again, he doesn't state the obvious. We aren't protecting the tribe anymore. We are no longer looking for signs of Wylan and his group. Our mission has shifted. We are running to save our own lives.

The night becomes snatches of foreign-looking woods. The dirt beneath my feet and Hayden running next to me. I have the feeling we're getting swept out to sea. Away from safety and everyone we know.

I don't know how long we've been running when my energy begins to flag. Unable to keep up anymore, I slow down. Hayden notices immediately. He hooks his arm into mine and yanks me forward, giving me the boost I need to climb a small hill.

We collapse at the top, sprawling on the dirt.

I lie there for a while, facedown, trying to catch my breath. Then I roll on my back and stare up at the Aether.

My muscles twitch, and I'm so light-headed it feels like the world is spinning. A gust drifts over me, cooling me down. The air is clear here. Not a trace of smoke. I close my burning eyes and drink it into my lungs. My sweat-drenched clothes are heavy on my skin.

I sense Hayden climbing to his feet. "You all right?"

"I'm great. Just perfect."

He doesn't move away. When I peer at him through my lashes, I find him looking down at me, his full lips parted just slightly. "Still want to know where we are?" he asks.

I climb to my feet, my legs quavering a little.

I know where we are. The Tides' territory is shaped like an hourglass, narrower in the middle, broader at its poles. Three hours of running due east would cut right through this narrow section and put us at the edge of the territory-or just beyond.

Though I'm positive about where we've ended up, I need to hear Hayden say it. I don't know if I'll really believe it otherwise.

My voice is barely above a breath as I say, "Tell me."

8

The borderlands," Hayden says.

Where chaos reigns. My father's voice fills my mind. It's what he always says when the borderlands are mentioned. Like it all goes together. One long name for a place that belongs to no one.

The borderlands, where chaos reigns.

Also, where I am currently standing.

The knowledge spreads through me like ice, chilling my overheated muscles.

As a little girl my nightmares were about this very place. I dreamed that monsters and wolves and ghouls lived here. Bloodthirsty creatures that tore into flesh for no reason. Now I am older and I know better.

Monsters and ghouls don't commit atrocities out here. People do.

"Does it feel like coming home?" I hear myself say. I don't know what I want from Hayden's response. Maybe some assurance that he's as comfortable here as anywhere.

Hayden lifts an eyebrow. "If home is where a person finds sanctuary and peace, then this place has never been that to me."

His tone is surprisingly somber. What was it like for him to look after two younger brothers out here? Did he worry about Hyde and Straggler constantly, like I worry about Clara?

He smiles at me suddenly. It's a cover-up grin, like Clara's sunbeam smile. Like he believes he said something he shouldn't have.

"Drink," he says, handing me a water skin.

"Thanks." I take it. I finished mine an hour ago. The leather skin is warm and damp from his grip.

"Don't worry about being out here. It's not as bad as you think."

I take a long drink and hand the skin back to him. "I can stomach anything except lies."

"Fair enough. It is as bad. But we'll be safe on this hill until the wind carries the smoke away."

I consider our position and see that he's right. Our hill is small, but we have a few oak trees here that will give us some cover, and an unobstructed view on every side. No one will sneak up on us without earning an arrow between the eyes.

My gaze strays west. Clara is out there, inside the cave on the edge of the coast. I wish I could see her. All I see are plumes of smoke interspersed with glowing spots, where the flames leap highest. The Aether rolls in waves across the sky, looking so alive, so vibrant, compared to the earth with its scorching skin.

I don't know whether it's the sight of this war between earth and sky or the cooling of my sodden clothes that chills me, but I begin to shiver.

"You want me to get a fire going?"

That makes me laugh. "Would you? That'd be great." I can't think of anything I'd like less than a fire. The smoke has gotten in my hair. It's all I can taste. All I can feel, in the tightness of my lungs. I feel like I've bathed in smoke.

Hayden gazes across the distance. "The wind is dying down. The fires will burn out soon. We'll be able to get back by morning at the latest."

That sounds overly optimistic, but I don't say anything.

Hayden finds a smooth rock to perch on. "Come on. There's room for you."

"I'm fine," I say reflexively.

After pacing around for five minutes, I realize he's chosen the only spot on this craggy hill that's halfway comfortable, but I've already made up my mind.

I plop down on the dirt a few paces away from him. A sharp rock pokes into my backside. I am cold, tired, and wet-and I smell like a chimney-but that rock is what pushes a string of curses out of me.

"Everything all right?" Hayden asks.

I can tell he's trying not to laugh.

"Wonderful. How's your throne?"

"Couldn't be better." A pause. "You'd be more comfortable over here, Brooke. And warmer."

"Warmer? You want me to warm up with you? Do you really think I'm that gullible?"

"I was trying to be practical, but suit yourself. I have to admit, though, I'm flattered you don't trust yourself around me."

I snort and pick up a pebble to throw at him. My arm stops mid-throw.

Because of the natural curve in the rock he's chosen, Hayden is leaning back, half-reclined. It's a casual, relaxed pose. Comfortable. And I suddenly don't know why I'm here in the dirt, when I could be there.

I hop to my feet and stalk over to him. "I will punch you if you touch me," I say, sitting beside him.

"You have nothing to worry about. I'm no poacher."

My heart stops for two full seconds. Hayden is watching my reaction, and I can tell he's been waiting to say this for hours. Maybe since we left the cave.

"What did you just say?"

"I would never overstep. Especially since he's my brother."

"Hyde told you?"

Hayden shakes his head, his grin huge. "Hyde would never talk. I had a feeling, based on the smile that hasn't left his face since you two came back this morning."

"You and your stupid feelings! It was just a kiss!" It streaks me that I'm even explaining myself. I smack him on the shoulder. "I can kiss whoever I want."

Hayden's hands come up in defense as he laughs. "Of course you can, but that's beside the point. All I meant to say is that I'm not interested"-he gestures at the space between us-"so we'll be fine here."

In an elaborate display of nonchalance, he crosses his arms behind his head and leans back like he's basking in the sun. The smug smile on his mouth makes my blood boil, but I'm determined to play this the right way.

I lean back too, pretending I'm as comfortable as can be in my clammy, smoky clothes. As the minutes drag by, I can tell Hayden is disappointed I didn't react to his comment.

"I told you not to lie to me," I say, after five full minutes have passed.

He peers at me. "When did I lie?"

"Just now. You said you're not interested, but that's not true. I've seen you watch me."

"Can't I look at you?"

"Of course you can. It's just the way you look at me that's telling."

"And how is that?"

"You do this thing with your mouth."

"I do a thing?"

"Yes. You pout."

Hayden throws his head back and laughs. "I pout at you?"

"Yes. You do."

It's actually not a pout, but that's the only word I can come up with. Occasionally, like just a short while ago, his lips relax in a very appealing, sultry way that is close to a pout, but not a pout.

"Well," he says. "Don't let my pout scare you. I promise you're safe at my side. You and I would never work."

"You just said that so I'd ask why."

"You just said that because you're avoiding asking why."

"Fine. Why, Hayden? Why are you so sure we'd never work?"

"Aside from the reason I mentioned earlier?"

"Yes. Aside from that."

"There's no spark between us."

I glare at him. Does this boy ever say anything direct? Does he never say what he actually means?

Turning my focus out over the hills, I consider the situation. He has done this on purpose, of course. To make me wonder if there might be a spark between us. The problem is that even though I see his trickery, I actually am wondering.

My heart is thumping, and I'm suddenly aware of just how close he is.

I have always found him attractive. Handsome in a grown, mature way. I'm not the only one who thinks so. I've heard women in the tribe talk about his smile on more than one occasion.

My move on plan didn't work with Hyde. How could it, when I saw hope in his eyes? Hope that I didn't feel myself? I won't use someone else just to make myself feel better. I like Hyde too much. But Hayden?

I look at him, a little ripple of excitement moving through me as I find him watching me. In his eyes I don't see hope. All I see is humor-and heat. And those soft-looking lips ... I really would like to kiss him.

"There's only one way to find out," I say, before I can stop myself. "And you did offer to warm me up."

Hayden's eyes narrow slightly. "Brooke ... you're sure?"

"I'm sure."

His hand comes up, and he runs his fingers along my cheek. I jump a little, but he doesn't. His fingers are steady on my skin. Steady as they trace my neck and then run across my collarbone. His eyes are sensual and dark as they follow the path of his touch. His mouth relaxes, and there it is. That sultry pout.

I expected a kiss. That's not what's happening, and it's thrilling.

He looks into my eyes, his gaze so dark and hungry that it takes everything in me not to shiver. Then he bends toward me, and his lips close over mine, the pressure soft but sure. I kiss him back, and Hayden moves in, his tongue sweeping against mine, and a single thought explodes in my mind: Hayden knows what he's doing.

He sets an immediate tone, kissing me with confidence, and it feels achingly good, achingly familiar. I twist my hands into his hair and kiss him deeply, and hear him groan.

"Brooke," he whispers, "easy." But everything he's doing contradicts that. His hand grips my thigh, so tight that I feel the pressure of every finger.

I move closer to him. He moves at the same time, and with all the moving that's happening we end up lying on our sides, face-to-face. Together we are tumbling down a hillside of desire, and it feels safe. So safe not to care. This is only about lips and hands and skin. Swirling, smoky desires that are swallowing me up.

Hayden's hand rolls up my ribs and brushes over my breast, sending a wave of desire through me. But after a few moments he surprises me by drawing away. "Brooke, there's definitely a spark here. We might actually catch fire if we don't-"

"Shhh ... This is more fun when you don't talk."

His laugh is a short, clipped sound. "Fun?"

"Yes. Fun."

I pull him to me again. He rolls on top of me, and then I roll on top of him, and it's like a little battle in the midst of our kisses, our legs tangling up.

My hand finds his shirt, slipping over the rolling muscles in his stomach. He makes a hissing sound and darts away. "All right," he says. "That was good."

I don't know what just happened. I don't know why he pulled away. "It was better than good, Hayden."

He mutters a curse and sits forward over his knees. "Brooke, just ... give me a minute here."

There's only one reason he could have stopped. I can't let that get in the way. "Hayden, what happened with Hyde was ..." I don't know how to finish my thought.

What happened between Hyde and me was a beautiful, fragile thing. But it feels like talking about it with Hayden would be disrespectful.

"It's not that." He rubs his hands over his head and lets out a breath. "Though it should be."

"Then what? Is it Perry? Because I'm not with him anymore."

Hayden lifts his head. "No, Brooke. It's you."

This throws me. My cheeks warm. "What about me?" I ask, preparing to defend myself.

"You're running, Brooke. It's like we're back in those woods. You're sprinting through this, and I don't think ..." He sighs. "I just have this feeling you don't really want to do this."

"Are you really going to tell me what I want?"

"I'm only telling you what I think. But I would like to know: What do you want?"

What do I want? I have to think about it for a moment.

I want to feel wanted and cherished and safe.

I want to find someone who won't trade me for another.

I want to find love that is visceral and life-sustaining.

All those answers seem a little inappropriate. So I say, "I want you to kiss me again. You're good at it."

Hayden gives me a look I've never seen before. Like he's in pain and about to laugh at the same time. "If I do, you'll hate me tomorrow."

"You have it backward. I'll hate you tomorrow if you don't."

"But I'll hate myself, and that's who I have to live with for the rest of my life."

I don't know why that makes me laugh, but it does.

Hayden smiles. It's disarming, his full lips pulling into a wide grin. "I don't want to start this the wrong way, Brooke."

I'm not sure what the right way would be. He's older, and surely he's been with other women. Are there paths to love, to relationships, that are better than others? I don't know. I only know the one I've taken.

"Start what? You said you weren't interested."

Hayden laughs. "I'm interested, Brooke. The question is, are you?"

"I'm interested in not hurting anymore." And there it goes. My stupid, runaway mouth. "Never mind," I say, rubbing my arms. The cool night air is seeping back into me, chilling me again.

Hayden falls quiet for what feels like a week. "That's a good interest," he says. "The most important one." A look of concern emerges on his face, and panic spears through me. I've exposed too much of myself, my pain.

"Would you stop looking at me like that?"

"Am I pouting again?"

"No. You're looking at me like I'm weak." The last thing I want is for Hayden or any of the Six to see me that way.

"You, weak?" He grins, shaking his head. "Never. Now come here before you freeze." He lifts his arm, inviting me closer.

"Are you joking?"

The words are barely out of my mouth before he drops his arm around me and pulls me close. Then he stretches his legs out, and shifts his back a little, searching for a comfortable position. Everything between us has changed. He feels totally different than he felt five minutes ago. Brotherly.

"So," he says conversationally, "I'm a good kisser. Was I better than Hyde?"

Maybe not brotherly, then.

"Oh, now that's a surprise. You made it into a competition." How did I not see that coming?

"You're avoiding the question again."

"You were different."

"Which is a careful way of saying better."

"Actually, different is a way of saying dissimilar. Unalike. There's no value judgment. It's a neutral word."

"Was Hyde that bad, or is it just that I'm on a completely higher level?"

I jab my elbow into his ribs. He laughs and squeezes my shoulder. "I'm not going to forget what just happened, Brooke. Probably ever. When you're ready, I'll be here. And if you're never ready, that's fine too. I'll just suffer in silence until I'm old and gray with age."

There's no downplaying the glimmer of desire in his eyes.

I don't feel the urge to draw out his thoughts like I did with Hyde. What I feel is the pull to kiss him again.

So different, I think. One brother seduced me with poetry and gentleness. The other with heat and desire.

I settle in beside him. What did I see in Perry? I search my memories, trying to decide if he was more one way or the other. More alluring in mind, like Hyde, or in body, like Hayden. After a few moments I realize Perry was both. Gentle and thoughtful at times. Irresistibly sexy at others. But this realization doesn't hurt like I expect. I don't feel coals in my stomach, or the bruising in my heart.

And I don't want to dwell on what Perry was to me, either.

With Hayden's body next to mine, I feel warmer. My muscles are tired, and I allow myself to slouch against him. To let go of my weight and just be here.

Hayden was right. This sort of heat between us is better for me right now.

Hayden's voice pulls me from my thoughts. "What are you thinking?"

I look at him and say the first thing that comes to mind. "You have perfect lips."

I expect him to laugh or make some kind of comeback. But he just kisses my forehead and tucks me back into the crook of his arm. We sit and watch the burning hills, just doing that. Nothing more.

And I am content.

9

It's deep into the night when I hear a shout. It pierces the night quiet, instantly sending my pulse to a gallop.

Hayden has nodded off beside me, but he wakes with a small jolt. I grip his forearm to keep him from making any sudden movement that might give away our position.

"What was that?" he whispers. His eyes pan across the rolling land below us, and he blinks a few times to shake off sleep.

"A man's voice. Close." I don't hear it anymore. Now I only hear the creak of branches as they sway with a breeze.

We come to our feet slowly, forcing steadiness out of our tired, stiff limbs. There could be Auds nearby, so we are careful to move in silence as we find our bows.

The sky has calmed considerably since the show of funnels and the smoke hours ago. The Aether flows are smoother, almost veil thin. They are as calm as I've seen them in days. We have gone from a tempest to a gentle, low tide. Safer for us, but without a thick concentration of Aether above us, we've lost much of our illumination. The night has grown dim. A murky rolling blue, like we've swum to the bottom of the sea.

My range of vision has decreased to only two hundred yards. Wearing horse blinders could not feel worse.

"We should move off this hill," I say. "We won't know what's going on unless we get closer." My idea is borderline idiotic. We're in a secure position, and leaving it for unknown danger would be insane. But I have never been one to wait around for things to happen. I'm confident that Hayden will steer us right, though.

"Good idea," he says. "Let's go."

No voice of reason, then. My fingers tighten around my bow.

As we descend the hill, my heart thuds so powerfully in my chest that I wonder if Hayden can hear it.

We walk half a mile before we see them. A group of people emerges from the mottled darkness.

I count forty.

They stand in a wooded fold between two hills. I search for Wylan but only see strangers. I recognize the dry creek bed, though. The trees grow thick there, because the water still runs beneath the ground. Somewhere, miles to the west, is the spot where Hyde and I were posted last night. But tonight I am farther out, on the edge of Tide land.

Then I hear him.

"Listen up!" Wylan snaps. He jumps onto a boulder, appearing above the crowd. "We'll head north and approach along that ridge. Expect to be challenged by a pair of sentries." He points into the darkness. "Two archers, within the first mile. Good fighters. But there are more of us, and we can't expect to take this land and the food we need, land and food that are rightfully ours and that we deserve, without having to show some courage, can we?"

There are a few grunts of agreement.

Hayden's eyes lock with mine, and I know we're thinking the same thing.

Reef and Gren are guarding the area these people plan to move through. They're in danger.

"Once we get past them," Wylan continues, "we won't run into any trouble until we reach the cave."

The cave.

Clara.

I yank an arrow from my quiver, nock it, and fire.

It's a wild action. Aggressive and possibly suicidal. But if I don't do something, Gren and Reef could die. My tribe could be harmed, and my sister.

My arrow spears a man through the thigh.

I keep going, loosing another. Hayden joins me, and in moments screams of terror lift from Wylan's group. They are visibly shocked and confused. We are firing on them from the rear-the borderlands, where they came from-and surely the direction they believed they could retreat if needed.

But soon their own bows appear, and arrows slice past me. I can't fire anymore without risking my life, so I kneel behind a rock outcrop and pray that my instincts are right.

Gren is an Aud. He'd have heard the commotion Wylan's group just made.

Tell me he heard.

It's the only chance Hayden and I have of getting out of this alive.

I look to my right. Hayden has taken cover behind a tree. When he sees me, he winks. There's something a little reckless about him. He's enjoying this. Like me.

Wylan's group is creeping toward us. I'm no Aud, but I can hear them approaching, their steps swishing through grass and crunching on twigs.

It hits me then: my gamble failed. There's been no sign of Gren or anyone else. I look at Hayden again. We're going to have to make a run for it, and that won't work either. Most likely I'll get a few arrows in my back.

I pull up to my feet and see Hayden do the same. No time to dwell on the situation. Just have to act.

Hayden tips his chin, telling me to run first while he lays down a barrage of shots, giving me cover.

But then I hear something new. Shouts behind me. Peering over the outcropping, I see Wylan's group scattering. Arrows are sailing down at them from the west.

Gren! He heard. He and Reef have positioned themselves opposite us, behind Wylan's group.

And better still, a volley of arrows flies from the south as well. Hyde and Straggler have joined in the fight too. Gren and Reef must have sent them a signal-or they'd seen the commotion themselves.

Hayden lets out a growl of pure battle hunger and leaps into action. I grab my bow and set to work again, my heart swelling with what I know is a sure victory.

We have hemmed in Wylan's group. Thanks to the fires, Hayden and I landed in an advantageous position. While Hyde, Straggler, Reef, and Gren push the intruders out of Tide territory, Hayden and I have created a dam, prohibiting their retreat to the borderlands. We have trapped them.

I focus on one target, loosing an arrow. It plunges into Wylan's thigh. He buckles to his knees, clutching his leg. He looks up at me. "Shoot her!" he screams.

The words die in his throat as my next arrow spears him through the stomach. He topples over. I move on to my next target, knowing that Wylan is finished.

We could turn this into a slaughter if we wanted to, but we don't.

Reef's whistle calls us off. I lower my bow and see that we showed restraint and mercy. We wounded quite a few, but their loss of life is minimal.

"Go! Get off this land!" I yell.

Then I watch as the survivors limp away.

Wylan is not one of them. He lies motionless on the grass. I put him there, and I feel no regret for what I've done.

He'll never be a threat to the Tides again.

10

In the Battle Room, Reef and Hayden take turns explaining what happened.

When they are finished, Perry's green eyes narrow on me. "Why did you engage them?"

I could give him one of several different answers. Gut feeling. Fear. Because I knew we could press our advantage. But instead I just say, "I wanted it to be over. And I knew we'd have to take some risks to keep him out for good."

"Thank you, Brooke. You did well." He holds my eyes a moment longer, his direct gaze brimming with gratitude and respect. Something passes between us that feels solid and promising.

I was wrong before. Perry and I don't have an ending. We just have more beginnings.

When the discussion turns to food rations and other matters that don't concern me, I excuse myself.

My impulse is to find Clara, but somehow my feet take me to the Dweller cavern.

Molly comes over when she sees me. "Well done," she coos, cupping my cheeks. "I heard all about it from Willow."

I went straight to the Battle Room when I arrived. How Willow knows everything before everyone is a mystery to me.

"Thanks," I say to Molly. "Does that mean I get out of Dweller water duty today?"

She purses her lips. "Well, I suppose since-"

"I'm kidding, Molly." Feeling strong and proud of myself, I pick up one of the jugs by the water barrel and fill it, deciding I'll pitch in for a little while.

Today the Dwellers are improving. I see glimpses of life returning to them. The regular rise and fall of their chests as they slumber. The twitching behind their eyelids that tells me they're dreaming instead of floating in darkness.

Soren is awake. He watches me for a few minutes before I finally kneel beside him.

"I was waiting for you," he rasps.

"Why didn't you call me over?" I say, giving him some water.

"I don't know your name."

He wants me to tell him, but for some reason I like keeping it from him. "Shame," I say, putting the clay jug to his cracked lips. He takes five long sips. His increasing thirst is a good sign he's recovering.

"The water?" he says, nodding at the jug. "You don't need it."

"I don't need it?"

"As an excuse. You're using it so you can come talk to me."

I'm tempted to pour the rest on his head. "Really?" I say, forcing myself to look smitten. "I can come over to your side anytime?" I stand. "What about when I want to leave your side? Do I need an excuse then? Or permission?" I start walking backward. "Oh, look." I glance at my feet. "It's working!"

He grins. "Your name!" He tries to raise his voice, but it comes out sounding more like a croak.

"Bye, Soren!"

I leave the cavern because I want him to wonder where I went. Also because I remember the reason I came here to begin with.

I had forgotten that Aria was moved after her surgery. She's been recovering in Perry's tent. That's where I head.

I find her sleeping on a bed pad wide enough for two. No need to guess who she shares it with. The realization stings, but only faintly.

The warrior in me is too strong today for me to feel weakness. And while I have not moved on, I am moving. I am trying. I am creating new beginnings.

I kneel at her side and take a few seconds to let my pulse calm. Then I lean close to her and say what needs saying.

"I told you before that you took him from me...... You didn't. He was mine for a time, but now that's past, and it's all right. It would have happened with you or without you. But now he's yours. He belongs to you, and I think he always will. And I hope you know how lucky that makes you. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that I don't hate you. You never deserved that. So ... that's all."

11

That night, Clara sleeps next to me again.

She doesn't cry and my mother doesn't cry either. I wake up feeling rested and cheered. It's a feeling I recognize. It's how I used to always be. Maybe we're all adjusting to being reunited.

"Take me outside, Brooke," Clara pleads after a breakfast of boiled oats and a handful of dates.

I can't see why not. Wylan isn't a threat anymore, and I won't take her far. Just right to the cove outside. "Sure," I say. "Let's go."

Talon and Willow skip up as we pass the platform. Willow's constant shadow, her mutt, Flea, prances up as well. When they learn where Clara and I are going, they ask to come along.

"Fine," I say. "Sure." Nothing can spoil my mood. "Anyone else?"

"Straggler!" chirps Willow. "You have to come!"

"I'm busy, Willow," he calls over.

He's on his back on the platform. It looks like we interrupted his nap.

"You're not busy!" Talon shouts. He and Willow scuttle over to Straggler and grab him by the arms. As I watch, they yank him off the platform and tow him over.

I don't know any adults as persuasive as children.

A race begins before we have even emerged from the mouth of the cave. Willow darts across the beach, Flea barking as he lopes alongside her. Clara breaks into a run, kicking up sand behind her. She's fast, but Talon is all heart and determination. I wonder who will win.

I plop down to watch, their shrieks and hollers ringing in my ears. Willow trips first and tumbles onto the sand, and then Clara does. Talon throws himself down, I think, because everyone else has done it.

The morning is fearsome-a storm is gathering strength above us-but I don't care. The sound of my sister's laughter is louder than the crash of the waves. How can this day ever be anything less than perfect?

"Don't feel like racing?" Straggler asks as he sits next to me on the sand.

"Maybe later." I look at him. "How about you?"

"Nah." Straggler shrugs. "I mean I would. But I twisted my ankle this morning and it's a little sore."

"What happened?"

"Oh ..." He smiles. "It's my birthday."

Like that explains everything. "For your birthday you got a twisted ankle?"

"Yeah, it's a family tradition. Whoever's birthday it is gets pinned down first thing in the morning and roughed up a little. It's something my brothers and I do to remember."

"Remember?" I ask.

"Our father. When we were younger, he used to wake us up by tickling us. Eventually the whole lot of us got in on it, even our mother. You always knew you'd wake up pinned down and tickled to the point of crying when it was your birthday. Mom and Dad passed on, but we still do it. Every birthday. Except we changed it from tickling, you know, since we're not little kids anymore."

"So you beat each other up."

"Yeah ... not badly, though. You think it's strange, don't you?"

I shake my head. Their tradition doesn't bother me. In fact, I think it's sweet. But I feel bad for Straggler. Hyde and Hayden are well over six feet-more than a head taller than Straggler, who hasn't hit his growth spurt yet-and they're strong. It seems like they have an unfair advantage, but Strag must be used to it. As the youngest and smallest, he's the butt of everyone's jokes, and he's forever lagging behind, which earned him his nickname. A shame since his given name, Haven, is so beautiful.

"How old are you today?" I ask.

"Sixteen." He grins proudly, like he's automatically become a man. Then he glances away, and a giggle slips out of him that's all boy. "My brothers said if I ever kissed you, they'd beat me unconscious."

Well. All right, then. "They told you?"

"No. They'd never talk. It's just I overheard them arguing. They were both saying you like them the most, and then the rest sort of came out."

"Is that so?" I shake my head. This was bound to happen. "Do you want to kiss me?"

Straggler makes a squeaking sound. "What?" he says, his eyes flying open. "I don't know! I mean, yes. I would. I do. But I know we aren't going to, so that's all right. More than all right because of course I didn't expect you to. Do that. With me."

I stare absently at Willow, Talon, and Clara, who have begun another race, as I consider the situation.

I have no desire to kiss Straggler. My move on plan has changed. Hyde and Hayden are incredible in their own ways, but I'm not ready to open my heart again. Not yet, but one day I know I will be. One day I'll find someone who will see me as the best instead of one of the best.

I will find a life-sustaining love.

But my new plan is to focus on me now. Instead of trying to heal a wound, I'm going to keep doing things that make me feel strong. Spending time with Clara. Protecting my tribe. I can do those. They fill me. And some wounds you can't fix by sheer will. You just have to let them heal on their own.

Regardless of all that, I am going to kiss Straggler. Not for me, but for him. The contentment inside me is so strong that I have to spread it.

I actually feel like trying to be nice.

"Haven?" I say. "I have a birthday gift for you." Then I lean over and plant a kiss on his lips.

When I draw away, he is stunned, but I'm not finished yet. I can't help but smile, knowing how much my next words will mean to him. "You can tell both of your brothers I said you were the best."

