1 - Lev

"Do it for him," a woman says, her voice quiet but steeped in authority.

Mired in a numbing gray fog, Lev feels her cool fingers on his neck, taking his pulse. His throat hurts, his tongue feels like chewed leather, his left wrist aches, and he can't open his eyes.

"Not yet, Ma."

Like his eyes, Lev's lips won't open. Who is it who just spoke? Maybe one of his brothers. Marcus, perhaps? No, the voice is wrong. And no one in his family is so informal as to call their mother "Ma."

"All right," he hears the woman say. "You decide when he's ready. And don't forget your guitar."

The sound of footsteps recedes, and Lev slips back into darkness.

-

When he wakes again, his eyes open, but only a sliver. He's alone in a large bedroom with blinding-white walls. A red, woven blanket covers him. Beneath him he can feel a smooth and expensive cotton sheet, like the ones he once knew. He's on a bed that's low to the ground, and beyond its foot he sees the fur of a mountain lion on the slate floor. He shudders at the sight of it. An oak bureau faces him. It has no mirror, and for the moment he's glad.

Forcing his eyes wider, he sees unshuttered windows on the far wall, the light beyond them weakening to dusk. Or is it strengthening to dawn? There is a nightstand next to him. A stethoscope is coiled there, and for a brief, devastating moment he thinks that he's been discovered and taken to a harvest camp. Despair presses him against the cotton sheet, and he sinks into the fog that fills his head, confusing dreams with delirium and making a mockery of time. He drifts through the fog until he hears-

"When he wakes, get his name." It's a different voice. Deeper. "The council can't give him sanctuary without a name."

Cool fingers touch his wrist again. "I'll keep that in mind." He senses the woman leaning over him. He can hear her breathing. She smells of sage and smoky cottonwood. It's comforting. "Now leave us be."

He feels a prick in his upper arm, like a tranq dart, but not. The world goes hazy-but not like the fog. This is a different kind of sleep.

Suddenly he's standing in a yard, near a briefcase covered in mud that lies halfway down a hole. Outside the picket fence, police are sidling toward him. No, it's not him they're interested in-it's the skinny umber kid with him. CyFi's hands overflow with gold chains and glittering stones of every color. He's pleading with the sienna-colored man and woman, who clutch each other, staring at the kid in terror.

"Please don't unwind me." CyFi's words are hoarse and choked with sobs. "Please don't unwind me......"

A cool hand touches Lev's cheek, and the memory is sucked in like a mental gasp. He left CyFi days ago. He's somewhere else now.

"You're safe, child," the woman's reassuring voice says. "Open your eyes."

When he does, he sees her pleasant face smiling at him. Square jaw, black hair tied back, and bronze skin, she's a-"SlotMonger!" he blurts, and feels his skin flush red. "I'm sorry ... I didn't mean ... It just came out ..."

She chuckles. "Old words die hard," she tells him, with infinite understanding. "We were called Indians long after it was obvious we weren't from India. And 'Native American' was always a bit too condescending for my taste."

"ChanceFolk," Lev says, hoping his SlotMonger slur will quickly be forgotten.

"Yes," the woman says. "People of Chance. Of course the casinos are long gone, but I suppose the name had enough resonance to stick."

He sees the stethoscope around her neck-the one he at first incorrectly thought belonged to a harvest-camp surgeon.

"You're a doctor?"

"A Woman of Medicine, yes-and as such I can tell you that your cuts and bruises are healing, and the swelling of your wrist is much reduced. Leave the brace on till I give you leave to shed it. You need to gain a few pounds, but once you taste my husband's cooking, that shouldn't be a problem."

Lev watches warily as she sits on the edge of his bed and studies him.

"But your spirit, child, is a vastly different matter."

He withdraws, and her lips purse ruefully.

"Medicine women know that healing takes time, some more time than others. Tell me one thing, and I'll leave you to rest."

He stiffens, reflexively on his guard. "What?"

"What is your name?"

"Lev Calder," he says, and regrets it immediately. It's been almost three weeks since he was dragged by Connor from his limo, but the Powers That Be are still looking for him. It was one thing to be traveling with CyFi, but to give a doctor his name-what if she turns him over to the Juvenile Authority? He thinks of his parents, and the destiny he left behind. How could he have wanted to be unwound? How could his parents have made him want it? It fills him with an unrelenting fury at everyone and everything. He's not a tithe anymore. He's an AWOL now. He'd better start thinking like one.

"Well, Lev, we're petitioning the Tribal Council to allow you to stay. You don't have to tell me all you've been through-I'm sure it was horrible." And then her eyes brighten. "But we People of Chance do believe in people of second chance."

2 - Wil

He stands in the doorway watching the boy sleep. His guitar hangs down his back, warm from the sun, strings still humming.

He doesn't mind being here, though he was sorry to have to leave the forest. His time accompanying the sounds of shivering leaves, whirling dust devils, and powerful Chinook winds was special to him. There was calming joy in transposing nature to music. Adapting the chords of yellow-shouldered blackbirds, prairie dogs, and wild pigs. Bringing their voices into each movement he played.

Wil brought Dad's leftover blackberry crumble to the forest with him. Una brought some elk jerky and a thermos of cinnamon-spiced chocolate. She sat with him beneath a spreading oak while he played, although she left before he finished, as it was her turn to clean the workshop.

His guitar always sounds a little melancholy when Una leaves.

The AWOL boy that his mother has taken into their home has been awake for a day now, but he hasn't come down for anything, even meals. Dad offered to carry him, but Ma said he needed more time.

"Can't fret over AWOLs," his father told her. "They never stay long, and they're too desperate to be grateful." But Ma just ignores him. She's taken the boy under her protection, and that is that.

Wil wonders how the boy can sleep when the sun blasts from the windows over his head and the roar of tribal construction in town echoes down the ravine. The boy's chest rises and falls, and then his legs churn beneath the sheets as if he's running. Wil is not surprised: AWOLs know much about running. Sometimes he thinks that's all they know.

Wil is confident the boy will be calmed. Wild animals, rattlesnakes, and feral teenagers go quiet in Wil's presence. Even when his guitar hangs silent on his back, his presence calms them-perhaps in anticipation of what he'll deliver. Although Wil's just a teenager himself, he's got old-soul style, a storyteller vibe that he got from his grandfather-

But he doesn't want to think about his grandfather now.

While he considers what music may reach this AWOL, the boy wakes. His wide pupils constrict, revealing pale blue eyes that focus on Wil standing in the doorway.

Wil takes a few steps into the room and sits cross-legged on the mountain-lion skin, swinging his guitar into his lap in a single, practiced movement.

"My name's Chowilawu," he tells the boy. "But everyone calls me Wil."

The boy stares at him guardedly. "I heard you talking yesterday. The medicine woman is your mom?"

He nods. The kid looks about thirteen-three years younger than Wil-but something about his eyes makes him seem like he's going on one hundred. More old-soul style, but of the world-weary kind. Life has done a number on this AWOL.

"Okay if I play my guitar here?" Wil asks, his voice as gentle as he can make it.

The boy squints suspiciously. "Why?"

Wil shrugs. "It's easier for me than talking."

The boy hesitates, chewing on his lip. "Sure, okay."

It starts that way with them. Being an AWOL breaks kids' spirits-makes them distrustful of the world. But since they can't see the trickery in listening to a guitar, or how Wil's music breaks through barriers that betrayal built, they surrender, listening to his fingers caress the strings, his music finally gives voice to their souls' sorrow.

His ma took a music-therapy seminar at Johns Hopkins, but she only knows its theories. Wil has seen how music heals since the day he picked up a guitar on his third birthday. Not all the AWOLs and not all ChanceFolk with sick spirits heal, though. Some are too far gone. Too early to tell into which camp this boy will fall.

Wil plays for two straight hours, until he smells lunch and feels the cramp in his back. The AWOL sits on the bed, having been awake and listening the whole time. His arms are wrapped around his legs; his chin rests on his knees; his eyes stare at the blanket. The chords of Wil's music fade to silence.

"Time to eat." Wil gets to his feet, his guitar swinging over his shoulder to hang down his back. "Probably soup and cornbread. You coming down?"

The boy reminds him of a rabbit, frozen, trapped between staying or fleeing. Wil waits, letting the quiet hum in widening ripples till the boy unwraps his arms from his legs and gets off the bed, standing straighter than Wil expected he would.

"My name's Lev. I was a tithe."

Wil accepts this with a nod and no judgment. Maybe this kid will be okay after all.

3 - Lev

Lev watches Wil wash the dishes after lunch, still thinking about what possessed him to tell Wil that he's a runaway tithe. Giving out too much information can only make things worse for him. Then a dish towel hits him in the face and drops to the counter.

"Hey." Lev glares at Wil, wondering if it was thrown in anger. Wil may be big as a bear, but he has a teddy-bear grin.

"You can dry the dishes. Meet me at the end of the hall when you finish."

Lev never did dishes at home: That was the servants' job. He's been sick, too. Who makes sick people dry dishes? Still, he does the job. He owes Wil for the one-man concert. He'd never heard guitar playing like that before-and Lev's folks were big on the arts, making sure their kids had violin lessons, listening to the Cincinnati Pops most Thursday nights.

But Wil's music was different. It was ... real. For two hours, and strictly from memory, Wil played a little Bach, Schubert, and Elton, but he mostly played Spanish guitar.

Lev thought such wild, complex music would be too hard to listen to in his weakened state, but it was just the opposite. The music lulled him until it seemed to sing through his synapses: notes rising, sweetening, spinning in perfect synchronicity with his thoughts.

He hangs the towel after he finishes drying the dishes, and thinks about going back to his room, but he's curious about Wil. He finds him at the end of the hall, closing his bedroom door and putting on a light jacket. He looks somehow incomplete without his guitar. Evidently, Wil feels the same. His hand fingers the doorknob; then with a sigh he opens the door again and retrieves his guitar, and a jacket for Lev, too.

"Are we going somewhere?" Lev asks.

"Here and there." Which seems a logical answer for a guy like Wil, but the answer makes Lev think about being unwound. The dispersal of every piece of him. Here and there. Lev climbed the rez wall desperate for some sort of sanctuary, but what if he put too much faith in rumors?

"Is it true that reservations are safe for AWOLs?" he asks. "Is it true that People of Chance don't unwind?"

Wil nods. "We never signed the Unwind Accord. So not only don't we unwind, we also can't use unwound parts."

Lev mulls that over, baffled at how a society could work without harvesting organs. "So ... where do you get parts?"

"Nature provides," Wil says. "Sometimes." An enigmatic look crosses Wil's face like a shadow behind his eyes. "C'mon, I'll show you around the rez."

Moments later they stand on an open balcony, staring down almost four stories to a dry creek below. Across the ravine are other houses, also hewn right out of the red stone wall. They appear to be of ancient design, yet somehow modern and carved with diamond precision. New-world technology serving ancestral respect.

"Not scared of heights, are you?" Wil doesn't wait for an answer, but makes sure his guitar strap has his instrument secure on his back, then hops on a rope ladder. He climbs down, sometimes sliding for yards at a time.

Lev swallows nervously, but not as nervously as he might have three weeks ago. Lately he's been doing plenty of dangerous things. He waits till Wil reaches the bottom; then he grits his teeth and follows him. With his left wrist still in a brace, it's hard, and his stomach rolls every time he looks down, but Lev grins when he reaches bottom, realizing why Wil made him do this. The first thing an AWOL loses is his dignity. By allowing Lev to climb the rope alone, Wil gave his dignity back to him.

When Lev turns to Wil, he's surprised to see that they're not alone.

"Lev, this is my uncle Pivane."

Lev cautiously shakes the large man's hand, keeping an eye on the shiny tranq rifle cradled in his left arm. His deerskins are worn, and the long graying hair escaping from its rawhide knot makes him look scruffy-but there is no mistaking the designer quality of his boots or the Swiss watch on his wrist. And that rifle with its fine zebrawood stock was probably custom-made.

"How did today's hunt go?" Wil asks. It should be a casual question, but Lev catches how intently Wil looks at his uncle.

"Tranq'd a lioness, but had to let her go: She was nursing." Pivane rubs his eyes. "We're heading to Cash Out Gulch in the morning. Rumors of a male down there. You coming with us for once?"

Wil doesn't answer, and Lev wonders at the sly look Pivane gives his nephew. Lev assumed all ChanceFolk hunted, but maybe that's just a myth. Just like everything else in his life has been.

Pivane spares a glance at Lev. "You look better than when I found you. That arm okay?"

"Yeah. Better. Thanks for saving me." Lev can't remember being rescued. He can't remember much after dropping off the wall except the sharp pain in his wrist, then lying in the leaves and pine needles, certain that this was what dying felt like.

Pivane's gaze sharpens on Wil's guitar. "Are you going down to the medical warren today? Are you going to visit your grandfather?"

"Maybe not" is all Wil says.

The man's voice roughens, becoming almost an accusation. "Medicine folk and musicians don't get to choose who their hands heal. Or whose way they smooth for dying." Then he points a finger at Wil. "You do it for him, Chowilawu." A moment of uneasy eye contact between them; then Pivane takes a step back and shifts his rifle. "Tell your grandfather we'll bag a heart for him tomorrow." Then he nods a solemn good-bye to Lev and leaves, using not the ropes but an elevator that Lev did not see, and Wil did not see fit to show him.

-

They walk into the village. Lev, so used to bland sienna suburbia, feels out of place among the red cliff homes, the whitewashed adobes, and the sidewalks of rich mahogany planks. Although the place appears at first to be primitive, Lev knows upper crust when he sees it, from the luxury cars parked on the side streets to the gold plaques embedded in the adobe walls. Men and women wear business suits that are clearly Chance-Folk in style, yet finer than the best designer fashions.

"What do your people do here?"

Wil throws him an amused look. "My people as in 'Slot-Mongers' in general, or are you asking about my family in particular?"

Lev reddens, wondering if the medicine woman told Wil how he'd accidently called the ChanceFolk by the rude slang name. "Both, I guess."

"Didn't do your homework before scaling our wall?"

"I needed a place to hide and had no time to be choosy. A kid at a train station told me that since your people are protected, I would be protected too. And that you know the legal mumbo jumbo to make it stick."

Wil relents and offers Lev a brief history of the tribe. "When my grandfather was a kid, the rez made a bundle-not just from gaming, but from some lawsuits over land usage, a water treatment plant, a wind farm that went haywire, and casinos we didn't want but got stuck with when another tribe rolled on us." He shrugs uncomfortably. "Luck of the draw. We've got it better than some tribes."

Lev looks down the street, where the curbs gleam with gold. "Way better, by the look of it."

"Yah," says Wil, looking both embarrassed and proud at the same time. "Some tribes did wise investing with their casino cash; others squandered it. Then, when the virtual casinos got ritzier than the real ones and it all came crashing down, tribes like ours did very well. We're a Hi-Rez. You're lucky you didn't jump the wall of a Low-Rez. They're much more likely to sell AWOLs to parts pirates."

Lev has, of course, heard of the wealth chasm between the rich tribes and the poor ones, but as it was never a part of his world, he never gave it much thought. Maybe people this rich don't need to profit off AWOLs. Still, he tries not to let his spark of hope ignite. He has quickly learned that hope is a luxury the hunted can ill afford.

"Anyway," says Wil, "my tribe knows the law and how to use it. In fact my dad's a lawyer, and has done pretty well for our family. My mom runs the pediatrics lodge in the medical warren and is well respected. We get rich tribal kids from all over North America coming here for healing."

Lev wonders at the irony in Wil's voice but feels awkward about asking him more questions. His mother always told him it was rude to talk about money, especially if you didn't know the person well. But on the other hand, after listening to Wil play the guitar for him, he feels he knows him better than much of his own family.

Wil stops before a small storefront at the end of the street. A carved oak sign says LUTHIER. He tries the handle, but it's locked. "Huh. I wanted to introduce you to my fiancee, but I guess she's taking a break."

"Fiancee?"

"Yah," says Wil. "It's like that around here."

Lev looks up at the sign above the door, feeling increasingly ignorant. "So ... what's a luthier?"

"Guitar maker. Una is an apprentice to the rez's best."

"You mean there's more than one?"

"It's kind of a tribal specialty." Wil looks around, clearly disappointed, and Lev realizes this was less about showing him around than about showing him off to his fiancee. "Ready to go back yet?"

But Lev is tired of hibernating at Wil's house. Besides, if that petition is approved, this could be his new home. The thought gives him a strange chill: excitement laced with fear of a future so new and unknown. There have never been unknown quantities in his life. Until a few weeks ago, everything was carefully laid out for him, so he never needed to consider the concept of possibilities. But now there are possibilities enough to make him dizzy.

"Show me more. How about your schools? What kind of school would I go to?"

Wil shakes his head, laughing. "You really don't know anything about us, do you?"

Lev doesn't dignify that with a response-he just waits for an explanation.

"Very young kids learn what they need to know from extended family and the neighborhood elders," Wil explains. "Then, as their talents and passions are recognized, they're apprenticed to a master in the field, whatever that field is."

"Seems kind of narrow to learn only one thing."

"We learn many things, from many people," Wil says, "as opposed to your world, where you're taught all the same things, by the same people."

Lev nods, point taken. "Advantages and disadvantages to both, I guess."

Lev thinks Wil will just defend his tribe's ways, but instead he says, "Agreed." Then he adds, "I don't always like the way things are done here, but the way we learn works for us. It even prepares kids for university every bit as well as your system. We learn because we want to, not because we have to, so we learn faster. We learn deeper."

Then Lev hears a young voice behind him.

"Chowilawu?"

Lev turns around to see three kids, maybe about ten years old, staring admiringly at Wil. The kid who spoke is skinny as an arrow, and just as tightly wound. He has a pleading look on his face.

"Something wrong, Kele?" Wil asks.

"No ... it's just ... Elder Muna asks if you'll play for us."

Wil sighs but grins, as if he feels put upon and flattered at the same time. "Elder Muna knows I'm not permitted to play lightly. There must be a need."

"It's Nova," Kele says, indicating a girl beside him, her eyes downcast. "Ever since her father divorced his spirit-guide, her parents have been fighting."

"It's bad," Nova blurts out. "My ma says she married an eagle, not a possum-but he was the only accountant in his office who wasn't a possum. So now they fight."

Lev wants to laugh, but realizes that this is no laughing matter.

"So shouldn't I play for your parents, not you?" Wil asks her.

"They won't ask," Nova says. "But maybe some of what you give me will rub off on them."

Wil looks to Lev, offers him a shrug, and agrees to perform. "Not too long," he tells them. "Our new mahpee can't have too much excitement on his first waking day."

Lev looks at him, puzzled.

"Mahpee is short for 'sky faller.' It's what we call AWOLs who climb the wall and drop into the rez as if they've fallen from the sky."

Elder Muna, a white-haired woman, meets them at the door a few streets away, clasping Wil's hands with both of hers, asking him about his parents. Lev looks around the round room with its many windows. The maps on the walls and the computer stations make the place resemble a classroom, but only slightly. A dozen children mill about in what appears to be total mayhem: Two argue over a helix on one monitor, one child traces a path on a map of Africa, four act out a play that could be Macbeth if Lev remembers his Shakespeare correctly, and except for the three who have shanghaied Wil, the rest are playing some complicated game on the floor with a pile of pebbles.

Elder Muna claps once, and the children instantly look her way, see Wil, and swarm him. He shoos them away, and they stampede to the center of the room, jostling for the best place on the floor. Wil settles on a stool, and all the kids start shouting their favorites at him. But Elder Muna silences them with a raised hand.

"The gift is for Nova today. She will choose."

"The Crow and Sparrow song," Nova says, trying to hide her delight with a solemn expression.

The song is markedly different from the music Wil played for Lev. This tune is bright and joyous, evoking perhaps a different kind of healing. Lev closes his eyes and imagines himself a bird flitting through summer leaves in an orchard that seems to go on forever. The music captures, if only for a few moments, a sense of an innocence recently lost.

When the song is done, Lev raises his hands to clap, but Elder Muna, anticipating this, gently takes his hand before he can, and shakes her head no.

The group of kids sits in silence for a good thirty seconds, filled with the aftermath of the song. Then the elder releases them, and they all go back to their games and learning.

She thanks Wil and wishes Lev luck with his new journey, and they leave.

"You really are amazing," Lev tells him once they're out on the street. "I bet you could make millions outside the rez with your music."

"It would be nice," Wil says wistfully, almost sadly. "But we both know that's not going to happen."

Lev wonders at his sadness, because it seems to him if you never have to worry about unwinding, you can do anything. "Why no applause?" he asks. "Are people here that afraid of clappers?"

Wil laughs at that. "Believe it or not, we don't have clappers on the rez. I'd like to believe that's because people here don't get angry enough to become suicide bombers and make their blood explosive ... but maybe it's just that we vent our anger at the world in different ways." Then he sighs and says, with more than a little bitterness, "No, we don't applaud because it's not our way. Applause is for the musician, and the musician is 'just an instrument.' Accepting applause is considered vanity." Then he looks at his guitar, stroking the strings with his fingertips, peering into its hollow, like maybe something will speak out from inside. "Every night I dream of cheering crowds and wake up guilty for it."

"Don't be," Lev tells him. "Where I come from, everyone wants to be cheered for something. It's normal."

"Ready to go back?"

Lev isn't sure whether he means Wil's home or back to the world outside of the rez. Well, Lev isn't ready to do either. He points down a winding path. "What's down there?"

Wil huffs, his mood clearly darkened by Lev's talk of adoration. "Why do you need to see everything? Maybe there are some places it's best not to go!"

Lev stares at the ground, feeling more hurt by the rebuke than he wants to admit.

When he looks up, Wil is staring with pain at the cliffs on the other side of the village, then down the winding path. "The medical warren is down there," he tells Lev. "It's where my mother works."

And then Lev recalls something. "And where your grandfather is?"

Wil nods, saying nothing for a moment ... and then he takes off his guitar and leaves it hidden behind a boulder. "Come on. I'll take you there."

Lost in thought, Wil walks down the cobblestone road. His face looks grim, and Lev leaves him alone, wrapped in memories of his own. Clappers remind him of the last time he saw Connor and Risa, and guilt prickles him. They had rescued him, and in his own uneasy ambivalence between his past and his future, he had betrayed them. Connor and Risa had pretended to be clappers, solemnly applauding in grand, rhythmic sweeps-and it caused a panic. They had escaped. He hopes. The truth is, he has no idea what befell them. They could be unwound by now. In a "divided state." The more he thinks about it, the more he despises that euphemism.

The road curves outside the village toward the wide fissure in the cliff and dips into a gulch filled with gleaming one-story buildings separated by greenbelts.

"This first building is the pediatrics lodge," Wil explains tersely as they pass. Wil doesn't stop, but Lev peers through the windows and into the patios, hoping to see the medicine woman. He sees other healers and groups of children, but not Wil's ma.

Lev shoots a look at Wil and sees his eyes glued on someone ahead: a short girl with warm almond eyes, a cascade of feathers woven into her vest, and a faint smile that reminds Lev of Risa. She is standing in front of another medical lodge, stalling at the door, when she catches sight of Wil.

Even before they speak, Lev realizes that this must be Wil's fiancee. There's a connection between them perhaps even more powerful than Wil's connection with his guitar. As Wil approaches her, Lev thinks they might kiss, but instead Wil reaches for the beaded ribbon restraining her hair and unties it, sending her shiny black locks cascading down her shoulders.

"Much better," he says, with the slightest of smiles.

"Not for the workshop," she points out. "It'll wrap around a saw blade, and my head will get cut off."

"Now that's what I call unwinding!" Wil says with a smirk. She gives him a glare that's more like a visual rim shot, and he laughs.

"Una, this is Lev. Lev, Una."

"Hi."

"Nice to meet you, Lev." She snatches at Wil's hand, but as he's a foot taller than her, he easily holds the ribbon out of reach. "Give it to me, Guitar Boy." Then, as if she's had years of practice, she leaps and yanks it from his hand. "Ha!" Winking at Lev, she says, "Take notes, little brother. If you hang with this one, you'll need that move."

Lev isn't sure why she's calling him little brother, but he feels pleased.

Una studies Wil. "Is your uncle back?"

Something intense passes between them. Lev notices that this long, narrow lodge has CARDIOLOGY carved in large wood letters above the door.

"Yah," Wil says. "Didn't find anything. So are you here to see my grandfather?"

"Someone has to," she says. "He's been here for weeks, and how many times have you visited?"

"Stop it, Una. It's bad enough I get it from my family."

"You get it because you deserve it."

"Well, I'm visiting now, aren't I?"

"Then where's your guitar?"

Something crumples in Wil's face, and Lev looks sideways, not wanting to see the tears building in his eyes. "Una, I can't do it. He wants me to soothe him into death. I just can't do it!"

"It doesn't mean he'll actually die."

Wil's voice gets louder. "He's waiting for me when he should be waiting for a heart."

And although Lev knows none of the particulars, he touches Wil on the arm to get his attention and says, "Maybe he's waiting for both ... but he'll accept one if he can't have the other."

Wil looks at him like he's seeing him for the first time, and Una smiles. "Well said, little brother," says Una. "I suspect if you were one of us, your spirit-guide would be an owl."

Lev feels himself go just the tiniest bit red. "More like a deer in the headlights."

Lev follows them inside and to the far end of the building, where a spacious round room is subdivided into four open enclaves. It feels less like a hospital and more like a spa. There are large windows framed in rough-hewn wood. Blooming flowers decorate the walls, and in the very center is a fountain gently drizzling water over a copper sculpture made to look like a stylized dream catcher. There is state-of-the-art medical equipment in each enclave, but discreetly placed, as not to disturb the calming nature of the place.

Of the four beds, only two are occupied. In the one closest to the door rests a young woman who breathes irregularly, her lips tinged blue. In the farthest bed is a gaunt old man, who looks tall even lying down. Lev stalls in the hallway with Wil and Una until Wil takes a deep breath and leads the way in, mustering a smile.

His grandfather is awake. Seeing them, he chuckles delightedly, but the laugh turns into a ragged cough.

"Grandfather, this is Ma's patient Lev. Lev, this is my grandfather, Tocho."

"Please sit," Tocho says. "Keep standing around me and I'll feel like I'm already dead."

Lev sits with the others but scoots his plush chair slightly back, disturbed at how pasty the old man looks, his face drawn and his breathing ragged. Lev sees the family resemblance, and it unnerves him that this frail man probably looked like Wil sixty years ago. This man is dying for lack of a heart. It reminds Lev of the heart he might have provided someone. Did a person die because Lev kept his heart for himself? There's still a part of him that wants to feel guilty for that, and it makes him angry.

Wil picks up his grandfather's hand. "Uncle Pivane says he'll bag a mountain lion tomorrow."

"Always tomorrow with that one," Tocho says. "And I suppose you'll play for me tomorrow too?"

Wil reluctantly nods. Lev notices how he won't meet the old man's gaze. "I don't have my guitar today. But yes, tomorrow for sure."

Then Tocho wags a finger at Wil. "And no more talk of changing my guide to a pig." He smiles hugely. "Not happ'nin'."

Lev looks to Wil. "Pig?"

"Nova's dad isn't the only one who divorced his spirit-guide. My dad writes petitions to the Tribal Council all the time asking to switch people's animal spirit-guides to something more ... helpful. It's no big deal."

Tocho's expression is mutinous. "Big deal to me. Lion chose me." He turns weakly to Lev. "My grandson thinks I should change my spirit-guide to a pig, just so I can have a new heart quick and easy. What do you think?"

Wil throws Lev a forbidding look, but Una nods at Lev, giving him silent permission to voice an opinion. But how can he have an opinion? "This is all new to me," Lev says. "I don't think I would want an animal part ... but sir, I think whatever lets you keep your dignity is the right thing to do."

Wil's frown is so severe, Lev backpedals.

"But on the other hand, a pig heart would be okay if it works. If I eat pork chops, I can't object to you using its heart, can I?"

The old man starts to laugh-cough again.

"Uh ... maybe I should wait outside." Lev starts to get up, ready to make his escape, but Una stops him.

"You'll do no such thing. It's refreshing to hear an outsider's view. Isn't it, Wil?"

Wil considers it. "We can learn things from the outside, just as they can learn things from us. And if an old tradition ends your life before its time, then what good is it?" Then he turns to Lev, making him the mediator once more. "Not many mountain lions on the rez anymore, Lev. But there are plenty of pigs, mustangs, and sheep. It makes no sense to insist on a part from his animal spirit-guide. Choosing a different animal is simple logic. Shouldn't a flush of logic beat a straight of tradition?"

Lev has no idea how to answer-and then he realizes he can fake his way out of this. "Neither," he says. "In games of chance nobody wins but the house."

A beat of silence, and Una throws her head back and laughs. "Definitely an owl," she says.

Tocho locks his eyes on Wil. "I will hear you play tomorrow," he says. "You will smooth the path of dying for me. You shame me by refusing. You shame yourself."

"I will play for your healing only, Grandfather," Wil says. "After you have a new heart."

The old man stares stonily at his grandson, his earlier good humor gone. He turns toward the window, shutting them out. The visit is over.

-

"While your people focused on the business and science of unwinding, the tribal nations' scientists worked on perfecting animal-to-human transplant technology," Wil tells Lev on the way back to Wil's cliff-side home. Una left Wil with a halfhearted kiss on the cheek and returned to the luthier workshop. Wil waited until she was gone before he retrieved his guitar. "We overcame organ rejection and other problems caused by interspecies transplant. The only thing we can't use is animal brain tissue. Animals don't think the way we do, and it just doesn't take."

"How come you didn't share with our scientists?" Lev asks.

Wil looks at him as if it's a stupid question. Maybe it is.

"We did. They weren't interested," Wil tells him. "In fact, your people condemned it as unethical, immoral, and just plain sick."

Lev has to admit that a part of him-the part that was indoctrinated into a world where tithing and unwinding were accepted-agrees. Funny how morality, which always seems so black and white, can be influenced so completely by what you were raised to believe.

"Anyway," Wil continues, "our legal powerhouse crafted an intricate set of laws, based on traditional belief systems, for using this technology. When ChanceFolk come of age, they take a vision quest and discover their spirit-guide, which can be anything from a bird to an insect to a larger animal. Of course, after the Council transplant laws came down, it was amazing how many kids, coached by their parents, came up with pig guides."

Lev doesn't quite get it until Wil explains that, aside from primates, pigs are biologically closest to humans. "Mountain lion is a worse case," Wil says. "Endangered, vastly different biology than humans, and on top of it carnivores weren't created to last as long as plant eaters so the hearts give out quickly."

"So what's your spirit-guide?" Lev asks.

Wil laughs. "I'm even more screwed if ever I need an organ. It was a crow that spoke to me." And then he becomes silent for a moment. Pensive. The way he gets when he plays. "They call my music a gift but treat it like an obligation. I am shameful if I don't use it the way they see fit." He spits, leaving a dark spot on a boulder as they pass. "I would never accept a human part, little brother ... but there are many things your world has to offer that I would take."

"Like a cheering crowd?"

Wil considers it. "Like ... being appreciated."

4 - Wil

Wil knows he's opened up too much to Lev. An AWOL is supposed to open up to them, to find solace in their acceptance, not the other way around. He vows to shutter his heart a little more securely.

The next day, Wil's spooning out breakfast porridge for Lev and himself when his father calls. Ma takes the call in the study, expecting bad news, but then comes out to put it on speaker because it turns out to be the kind of news everyone should hear.

"We bagged a mountain lion a half hour out in today's hunt," Wil hears his father say. "Pivane is already harvesting his heart."

Intense relief reverberates through the house. Even Lev, who met Grandfather only once, seems overjoyed.

"Wil, go now and tell your grandfather," Ma says. "And be quick about it. For once, good news will travel faster than bad."

Wil grabs his guitar and asks Lev to come along. He even takes Lev in the elevator rather than making him struggle down the ropes.

-

"You're a stubborn man, Grandfather, but you finally got your lion heart!" he says, swinging his guitar around, ready to play some healing tunes even before the transplant.

"Stubbornness is a family trait," the old man says flatly. Wil notices that his grandfather is looking at Lev, not because he's giving Lev his attention but because he's avoiding eye contact with Wil. It makes Wil uneasy.

"What's wrong, Grandfather? I thought you'd be happy."

"I would be, if the heart were mine."

"Excuse me?"

Grandfather twitches a finger at the crowd around the other patient's bed. Wil barely noticed them when he came in, so intent was he on giving Grandfather the news-but apparently the news had already reached him. The woman in the other bed is in her late twenties or early thirties. The family around her seems very happy in spite of her dire condition.

"The heart is to be hers," Grandfather says. "I've already decided."

Wil stands up so quickly that the chair crashes backward. "What are you saying?"

"I'm a poor risk, Chowilawu. Too old for it to make sense when there's someone younger with a better chance of survival. Her spirit-guide is the lion too."

"It was found by your family," Wil fiercely announces, loud enough for the woman to hear. Good. He wants them to know. "It was found by your family, which means it is meant to be yours and no one else's."

His grandfather's gaze drifts again to Lev, and that makes Wil angry. "Don't look at him. He's not one of us."

"An outsider is objective. His will be the clearest opinion."

Lev takes a step backward, clearly not wanting to be a part of this any more than Wil wants him to be.

"It's your heart" is all Lev says.

Wil is about to relax, relieved to have Lev on his side, until Grandfather says, "You see? The boy agrees with me."

"What?" both Wil and Lev say in unison.

"It's my heart," Grandfather explains. "Which means I have full legal right to decide what happens to it. And I chose to gift it to the young woman over there. I will hear no further discussion."

Fury and grief nearly overwhelm Wil. He storms out of the cardiology lodge-but there is no escaping this. Word of Grandfather's decision reaches the rest of the family quickly. Within the hour, while Wil still stews and storms outside, ignoring Lev's attempts to calm him, his family begins to arrive: his parents, then Uncle Pivane and his family. He sees Grandfather's closest friends arrive. He sees Una. They've all been called to give the old man their good-byes. They've come for the final vigil.

"Do it for him," Ma says gently as she enters the cardiology lodge. "Please, Wil, do it."

He waits outside until everyone has gone in, even Lev. Then he takes the long walk down the hallway toward the round room at the end. The blue-lipped woman is wheeled past him, followed by her family. She is already prepped for surgery.

Inside the room his family sits on chairs and on the floor. Lev has held a chair for Wil. His grandfather's weary eyes are fixed on him as he takes his spot. He begins to play. At first he plays healing songs, but the tempo is too fast. He's playing them too desperately. No one stops him. Then, in time, the songs evolve into traveling threnodies: tunes meant to ease one's passage from this world to the next.

Over the next few hours Wil melts so completely into the music that his family ignores his presence. He hardly listens as they all say their good-byes, or as his grandfather speaks about the spirit's journey from its failing temple to other realms. He ignores Lev, who appears more out of place than ever with the family. Una crouches next to Lev near the window, listening to Wil play, but he won't look at her. Wil catches a glimpse of his dad's face, etched with sorrow. His father still wears his hunting gear, as does Uncle Pivane, although his uncle is stained with the animal's blood. There is the smell of a bonfire coming from outside the lodge, the giving of thanks, the exuberant singing of the young woman's family.

As the day wears on toward twilight, Tocho almost seems to dissolve before them, giving in to the call from beyond. Then, very near the end, he reaches out to stop Wil from playing, motioning him closer.

He has one last request for Wil, and he whispers it with long spaces between the words. Wil agrees, because he hasn't the strength to argue about tomorrow, because his grandfather has only today.

The promise made, Wil loses himself in the music again, faintly aware of his ma in her hospital whites solemnly taking his grandfather's vitals and shaking her head. Wil plays as his grandfather's breathing slows. Wil plays as his uncle Pivane quietly weeps. Wil plays, the music of his guitar covering everything, until it carries his grandfather's soul to a place Wil cannot see. And when Wil finally lifts his fingers from his instrument, there is nothing but overwhelming silence.

5 - Lev

In the very center of the rez, miles from its many villages, sprawl the ChanceFolk burial grounds. Many families have adopted the Western use of caskets, more traditional ones bury their dead wrapped in a blanket, and some still invoke the most ancient ritual of all. Although levels of tradition in Wil's family are very mixed, his grandfather was as old-school as they come. His funeral is of the ancient kind.

Tocho is placed on a high platform made of cottonwood and heaped with boughs of juniper. Reed baskets, decorated with lion teeth, are filled with food for the afterlife and hung from poles. A fire is lit, and smoke leaps into the wind. Lev watches carefully, storing the memory.

"Our ancestors believed that the breath of the dead moves to the Lower World," Una explains to him.

Lev is shocked. "Lower World?"

"Not hell," Una says, understanding what he's thinking. "It's the place where spirits dwell. Down or up-neither of those directions has much meaning in the afterlife."

Lev can't help but notice Wil standing apart from everyone else, as if he's suddenly the outsider. "Why isn't Wil taking part in the ceremony?" Lev asks Una.

"Wil followed our traditions because he loved his grandfather. Now he must decide for himself whether to follow the traditions or not. And so must you."

Lev first thinks she's joking. "Me?"

"When your residence petition is approved, you will be an adopted son of the tribe. In addition to protecting you from your unwind order, the adoption will make this your official home. Like everyone else here, you'll eventually choose on which side of the rez wall your spirit belongs."

Lev tries his best to wrap his mind around this. He hasn't thought that far ahead: finding a safe place he can truly call home.

"Wil's grandfather gave you a gift, Lev," Una tells him.

Lev can't begin to imagine what it might be. Anticipation stirs in him.

"He gave the same gift to Wil, but Wil doesn't know it yet. You see, on his deathbed Tocho asked Wil to take you on a vision quest."

Suddenly the wind changes, and their eyes tear from the smoke.

-

There is a communal quest in ten days' time, and Lev is added to the group of boys and girls, to honor Tocho's dying wish. Wil joins them as well, also to honor his grandfather's final request.

The vision quest starts with a sweat lodge. It's total chaos trying to keep almost a dozen ten- and eleven-year-olds occupied while sitting around hot rocks being steamed nearly to death. They drink gallons of salted cactus tea and leave the sweltering heat of the lodge only to pee, which isn't often, since they sweat out almost everything they drink.

Lev, who always felt the youngest of any group he was in, is now the oldest. As if he didn't already feel out of place.

After the sweat lodge, they hike into the mountains. No food on a quest either: just thick, noxious drinks that taste like weeds.

"The sweating and fasting prepare the body for the vision quest," Wil tells him. Pivane is in charge of the quest, with Wil as a reluctant sidekick. "Of course, my uncle and I get real food," he adds, almost taunting. Lev knows Wil is here only because he promised his grandfather.

On the first night, one kid has a vision that he tells the others at breakfast the next day. A pig spirit led him to a courthouse and told him he'd be a judge.

"He's lying," announces Kele, the skinny, hyper kid who often seems to speak for the others. "How much you wanna bet his parents told him to say that?"

Wil begins to call the boy out on it, but Pivane raises his hand and lets it go.

"If the boy has a true vision," Lev overhears Pivane tell Wil, "he will choose it over the lie."

On the next day, there is an archery competition. Luckily for Lev, he took a liking to archery a few years back and placed silver in a citywide competition. Unfortunately, that doesn't help him here. He takes last place.

On the third day, Lev falls and tweaks his wrist again. He has forgotten what clean feels like, and he's covered with mosquito bites. He's miserable and uncomfortable, and his head is pounding.

So why then does he find this to be the happiest week of his life?

Every night they build a fire, and Wil plays his guitar. It is the highlight of the day. So are the stories that Pivane tells: traditional folktales. Some are funny and some are strange. Lev likes to watch the kids around him lean close to the storyteller, their eyes wide with wonder.

On the fourth day, everyone is antsy. Lev isn't sure if it's the effects of not eating or a storm brewing in the mountains to the north. The kids are simmering at breakfast in the muggy stillness. When Ahote spills his weed drink on Lansa, the two boys fight with such fury it takes the combined might of Lev, Wil, and Pivane to separate them.

It doesn't help that Lev feels like he's being watched. He stares into the forest every time a bird erupts from a tree or a twig cracks. He knows it's probably nothing, but all the uneasiness from his time as an AWOL still has him paranoid. His twitchiness spreads to the younger kids, till Pivane finally sends him off for a break.

At first it's a relief to be alone in the small pup tent, but soon the deerskin walls press down on him and the smell of dirty socks drives him outside. He can hear the others washing the breakfast mugs in the clearing. Chin low, he sits cross-legged, ChanceFolk style, in the small thicket of tents, wishing the storm would finally break and get it over with.

"Lev?"

Looking up, he sees Kele fidgeting in front of him. Kele sits down, but he won't look directly at Lev at first. When he finally does, Kele says, "I had my vision last night."

Lev doesn't know what to say. He wonders why Kele came to him rather than Pivane or Wil.

"So you saw your spirit-guide?" Kele seems stuck on what to say next, so Lev prompts him. "It wasn't a pig, was it?"

"No ..." Kele draws the word out. "It was a sparrow, like my name."

Lev is struck by this. Seems right that the spirit-guide would mean something special to a kid, unless of course it's to be a source of organ replacements.

"So what happened?"

"Something bad." The boy whispers so quietly that Lev has to lean forward to hear him.

"What was bad?" All the fears that have been haunting him this morning return.

"I don't know." Kele looks at him, nervously crushing leaves to powder. "But I saw you leaving. You won't, will you?"

Lev feels as if an arrow has hit him in the chest, and he can't breathe. He tries to remember what Wil told him. The hunger and the sweating can cause hallucinations and strange dreams. Or maybe someone suggested to Kele that mahpees always leave, and so he dreamed it.

"I'm not leaving," he says, and he's reassuring himself just as much as Kele.

"In the vision you were running," Kele tells him. "People wanted to hurt you ... and you wanted to hurt them back."

6 - Wil

Earlier that morning, Wil told Pivane he was going off to gather firewood, but in reality he just needed to get away. Find a place to think. Now he sits on a cliff-side boulder that gives him a fine view of the forest and a clearer perspective on his life. He can see the camp from here, or at least part of it, and although he does intend to come back with firewood, he doesn't intend to do it for a while.

Wil can no longer deny the resentment building inside of him; it's been building since long before his grandfather's funeral. Wil, play us a song for healing. Wil, play us a song for calming. Wil, play us a song for celebration, for soothing, for patience, for wisdom. The tribe has used him like a music machine. No more. He doesn't have an on/off switch. Maybe it's time he played music for a different reason, one of his choosing.

And so when this vision quest is over, and he has fulfilled his promise to his grandfather, even if Lev stays, Wil will not. He resolves that it is time for him to leave the rez and blaze a fresh future for himself, and for Una, too ... if she decides she loves him more than she loves the rez.

7 - Lev

Lev tries not to shudder at the prospect of Kele's vision. Lev has dreamed of himself running too. And he's dreamed of revenge. Not against anyone in particular, but everyone at once. The world at large. It's a feeling as dark as the storm clouds on the horizon, and it won't be easy to dispel.

"We're in the rez, surrounded by walls and laws that protect us," he tells Kele with more confidence than he feels. "There's no one to run from here," he adds, more to himself than to Kele.

Then, barely a moment after the words are out of his mouth, something cracks in the woods again-and this time he hears screaming. High-pitched shrieks of surprise. Maybe even terror.

Lev launches himself toward the clearing, with Kele on his heels. The kids are standing, staring at Pivane, who lies facedown in the dirt.

A tranq bullet whistles by Lev's ear and embeds in a log inches away from Kele's foot.

"Get down!" he yells, and pushes Kele to the ground, his arm shielding him. The other kids follow his lead, diving to the ground just as a storm of tranqs flies through the camp. Frantically Lev looks around for Wil, but doesn't see him anywhere.

It's all up to Lev.

He's only a couple of years older, but the rez kids are looking to him for help. He shifts to protect mode, as he once did for CyFi.

While scanning the surrounding trees, frantic thoughts jostle for attention: They've found me. They're taking me to harvest camp. I'll be tithed after all. And although he's scared, his anger overwhelms the fear. This is supposed to be a sanctuary. ChanceFolk are supposed to be protected. But are mahpees? Maybe someone on the rez turned him in before his petition to the Council could be signed.

Kele shifts impatiently under his arm. "Why don't we shoot back?"

But Lev has no idea where Pivane's tranq rifle is-and even if he had it, he has no idea where to shoot.

"Stay here," he orders Kele and the others. "Don't move till I tell you." Then, like a soldier, Lev uses his toes and elbows to crawl low across the clearing. One of the kids has a tranq flag in his leg and is unconscious. Another got hit in the back. The rest are okay. Where the hell is Wil?

His ear pressed to the ground, Lev feels the tramp of feet, and into the clearing stride three men in dirty battle fatigues, mismatched as if they found their clothes in a thrift store. The three are barely men. They seem no older than nineteen or twenty. They are not ChanceFolk-they're outsiders.

One of the kids-the youngest girl in the group-gets up to run.

"Pakwa, no!" Lev yells.

Too late. The lead pirate, with a quick flick of his wrist, fires his pistol, tranqing her in the back of the neck, and she goes down, unconscious.

"Well, well, well," the leader says. He's tough, missing an ear, and he handles his gun like he was born with it. Van Gogh, thinks Lev. Cut his ear off for the woman he loved. But Lev imagines that this guy's ear was cut off by someone else. Probably in a fight. The second guy is squinty-eyed, like either he's got bad eyesight or he's so used to glaring at people that his eyes stayed that way. The third guy has big teeth and a straggly beard, that taken together, make him look like a goat. "What a lovely nest of SlotMongers we've found," says Van Gogh.

Lev, his mouth dry, gets up to face the attackers, putting himself between them and the kids on the ground.

"This kid's sienna!" says the goat, stating the obvious.

Van Gogh is amused. "One wonders what a nice sienna boy is doing running with SlotMongers." The guy sounds like he was raised in high-class boarding schools, but he looks as ragged and hungry as the others.

"Exchange program," Lev says. "I hope you know that violence against People of Chance on their own rez is punishable by death." Lev doesn't know if this is true, but if it's not, it should be. "Leave now and we'll forget this ever happened."

"Shut it!" says Squints, taking aim at Lev with his tranq pistol.

"These 'Mongers are all underage," says the goat.

"Which means their parts are worth even more on the black market." Van Gogh reaches down and tousles Kele's hair. "Isn't that right, lambchop?"

Kele pulls away and smacks his hand. Squints raises his gun to tranq him, but Van Gogh doesn't let him.

"We've wasted enough ammo. Save it until we need it."

Lev tries to swallow his fear. If there was any doubt as to what these lowlifes were, it's gone. They are hunters of human flesh. Parts pirates.

"Take me," Lev says, hardly believing he's saying it. "I'm the one you want. I'm a tithe, which means I'm worth more on the black market than other AWOLs."

Van Gogh grins. "But not nearly as much as the right little SlotMonger."

Suddenly there's the pfft of a tranq shot, and Squints's eyes go uncharacteristically wide before he falls to the ground, with the flag of a tranq in his back. A tranq fired by a custom-made zebrawood rifle.

8 - Wil

At the first sound of a rifle crack, Wil's attention snapped to the clearing. He saw Pivane fall to the ground, and Wil was instantly on his feet, running back to camp. His heart hammering, he circled the camp quietly, slipping into Pivane's tent to grab his rifle. Then, having found an unseen position from which to fire, he shot the tallest one, who dropped like a bag of bones.

Now, still wielding his uncle's rifle, Wil emerges into the clearing, his aim trained on the leader, but the leader is quick. He pulls out an old-fashioned revolver-the kind that takes only real bullets-and shoves it against Lev's temple.

"Drop it or I kill him."

They freeze in a standoff.

"Thirty-eight caliber, my friend," the gunman says. "You can tranq me, but your friend will be dead before I hit the ground. Drop the rifle now!"

Wil lowers it but doesn't drop it. He's not that stupid. The leader considers the action, then takes the pistol away from Lev's head, shoving him to the ground.

"What do you want?" Wil asks.

The leader signals his remaining conspirator-the goat-ugly one with the scraggly beard. He pulls something from his pocket and gives it to Wil. "We found this posted in Denver last week."

It's a flier on bright red paper that reads: SEEKING PEOPLE OF CHANCE PARTS. TRIPLE RECOMPENSE FOR SPECIAL GIFTS.

Light suddenly dawns. Parts pirates? These intruders are parts pirates?

"People of Chance are protected," Wil says. "We can't be unwound."

"Hardly the point, Hiawatha," the leader says, smoothing his oily hair over an ear that doesn't exist. "This requisition isn't strictly legal, which makes it very profitable."

"So let's cut to the chase," says the other parts pirate. "Any of these here kids got special skills?"

A moment of silence, then Lansa says, "Nova can do high math. Algebra and stuff."

"Oh, yeah, Lansa?" says Nova. "Why don't you tell them how good you are with a bow and arrow?"

"Both of you shut up!" yells Lev. "Don't turn on each other. That's what these dirtbags want!"

The goat-faced one glares at Lev, then kicks Lev in the side.

Wil advances on him, but One-Ear raises his pistol at Wil. "Let's all take a deep breath, shall we?"

Lev lies in the dirt, the grimace fading from his face. He makes eye contact with Wil to let him know that he's okay. Hurt, but okay. Wil has never felt so powerless. He thinks of his grandfather. What would he have done?

"Such lovely choices," the leader says, looking at the batch of kids. "Perhaps we'll take the lot."

"Do that," says Wil, "and our entire tribe will hunt you for the rest of your miserable lives, and I promise you those lives won't be long...... But that won't happen if one of us goes of our own free will."

"That's not yer choice to make!" says Goat-Face. "We choose!"

"Then choose wisely!" Wil says. Near his uncle he sees his guitar where he left it at breakfast, propped against a log. Everything seems to go quiet, though dimly he's aware of the two pirates talking to each other. Plotting. Choosing.

Wil knows how he can protect the children. He knows how he can save Pivane and Lev.

He lays his uncle's rifle on the ground and walks to his guitar.

"Hey," Goat-Face yells at him, and scoops up Pivane's rifle. "Where do you think yer going!" Wil picks up his guitar and sits on the log. He knows it's the only weapon he needs.

He thinks of Una, and the last thing she said to him. She had carved him a pick of rare canyon sinker wood-trees lying submerged for months in the Colorado River-and she gave it to him when he left for this vision quest. Now he pulls it from between the strings and turns it over in his fingers, thinking of her words:

"I will not miss you, Guitar Boy," she said, clearly meaning that she would, but refusing to say it out loud.

He kisses the pick and puts it in his pocket. He will not waste it on the likes of these monsters. He will play with his bare fingers. He will play a song of their greed. Of their malice. Of their corruption. He will entice them until they are so consumed by their own lust for money that they will see him as their shining meal ticket and forget the others.

"Tell me what this is worth," Wil says, and begins to play.

The music soars through the camp. He starts with a complicated baroque piece, then switches to a fiery ChanceFolk traditional and finishes with the Spanish music he loves best, but all angry. Accusing. Music that is both glorious and stirring, yet at the same time a secret indictment of the men he is playing for. Each piece makes his fingers tingle and electrifies even the trees surrounding them.

As always, his audience waits in a charged silence long after the last note is played. Even the leader's gun is pointed at the ground, as if he's forgotten he's holding it. Then something happens. Something different.

Someone claps.

He looks at Lev, still sitting in the dirt, gun oil smudged on his neck, mud on his cheek. Lev's eyes are fixed only on Wil. He claps with all his might, bringing his hands together powerfully, shattering the silence with his singular applause. Then Kele joins in, then Nova, then all the kids who are still conscious. It becomes rhythmic, as the applause falls into unison.

"Stop clapping!" the goat-faced pirate screams. His face pale, he points a shaking tranq rifle at Lev. "Stop it! You're freaking me out."

The other one laughs. "You'll have to excuse my associate. You see, his brother died in a clapper attack."

Looks like they blew up the wrong one, Wil wants to say, but he realizes that the quickening pace and rising volume of their clapping says it much better than words.

Finally the chorus of applause falls off, with Lev's loud clapping the last to cease, leaving his hands red from the passion of it.

The lead parts pirate holds eye contact with Wil and nods, sealing Wil's fate. "You've got yourself a deal." Then he orders his comrade to tie the others up.

"What about Bobby?" Goat-Face asks, pointing to their tranq'd accomplice.

The leader spares a single look at the unconscious pirate, aims his revolver, and puts a bullet in his head. "Problem solved."

Then the two of them duct-tape the kids' hands and feet and tie all six together, weaving a rope through their trussed limbs. Kele almost spits at them till he catches Wil's warning look.

Goat-Face ties Lev alone to the tree near where Pivane lies, leaving Lev struggling against the tight ropes.

"Let me say my good-byes," Wil asks the leader.

The man sits on the log where Wil played his guitar, waving his tranq pistol as a warning. Apparently Wil is now too valuable to shoot with real bullets. "Make it quick."

As Goat-Face finishes securing Lev to the tree, Wil approaches Lev. Goat-Face takes a step back, watching Wil warily as if he expects to be attacked.

"Wil, what are you doing?" Lev whispers. "These guys are for real. You don't come back from a chop shop."

"My choice, Lev. It's your job now to take care of these kids. Calm them. Reassure them. Pivane will wake up in a few hours. You'll all be fine."

Lev swallows and nods, accepting the responsibility.

Wil summons a wry smile for Lev before the parts pirates take him and his guitar away. "Thanks for the applause, little brother."

9 - Lev

In the village three hours later, Lev leans against Pivane's dusty truck, only half listening as Pivane tells the sheriff what happened. He watches the kids rushed to their cars and taken home. Only Kele looks back and waves good-bye to Lev.

The sheriff returns to his car to relay the report and then heads back up the mountain to retrieve Bobby, the dead parts pirate-probably wishing it was one of them who took him out, and not one of his own gang.

Lev can't help but notice the cold glare that the policemen throw at him before they leave.

-

"Your petition to join the tribe has been denied," Wil's ma tells him, the pain in her voice partly for him and partly for her son who will never return. "I'm sorry, Lev."

Lev accepts the news with a stoic nod. He knew this would be the decision. He knew because of the looks everyone has given him since he returned from the vision quest. Those who know him see him as a walking gravestone with Wil's name etched on his sienna face. Those who don't know him see only a harbinger of the world that so cruelly took Chowilawu away. Wil's music-his spirit -cannot be replaced by any musician on the rez. The wound will be raw for a very long time. And there's no one they can blame for it. No one but Lev. Even if they allow him to stay, Lev knows the rez can no longer be his sanctuary.

Pivane volunteers to drive him to the reservation's northern entrance: immense bronze gates bookended by towers of green glass. Lev leans forward to see the bells in the towers and the rearing, life-size bronze mustang suspended above the gate. Wil told him that fine, nearly invisible wires and a clear glass bridge support the mustang. When Chinook winds blow through the valley, children gather, hoping to see the horse escape its fetters and fly away.

"Where will I go?" Lev asks simply.

"That is for you to decide." Pivane leans across him and retrieves his wallet from the glove compartment. Then he hands Lev a huge wad of cash.

"Too much," Lev manages, but Pivane shakes his head.

"By accepting this gift, you will honor me ... and you will honor him," Pivane says. "The children told me how you offered yourself to the pirates before Wil did. It was not your fault they chose him over you."

Lev obediently shoves the money into his pocket. He shakes Pivane's hand as he gets out of the car.

"I hope your spirit-guide takes you to a place of safety. A place you can call home," Pivane says.

Lev closes the door, and in a plume of dust the truck disappears down the street. Only then does it occur to Lev that he has no spirit-guide. He never completed his vision quest. There is nothing and no one to guide him through this dim, foggy future.

A security guard nods as he exits the pedestrian gate, and Lev heads for a bus stop a hundred feet away. He sees nothing else but a barren plateau, spotted with sage, which stretches to the horizon, not quite as barren as he feels inside.

He counts the money Pivane has given him, and it will carry him far indeed, but not far enough, because there is nowhere far enough away from all the things he's experienced since the day he was sent off to be tithed.

Wil healed him with music, taught him the way of his people, and saved him from the pirates by sacrificing his own life.

All he was able to give Wil was applause.

The bus schedule shows the next departure is in thirty minutes. He doesn't bother checking the destination. Lev knows that wherever it leads, his path ahead is dark. He has nothing left to lose. A burning fills his emptiness. Revenge drives him now.

As he looks at his hands, he begins to see a purpose for his applause. It's a powerful purpose that will make his anger known ... and tear the world to shreds.

10 - Wil

Like a crow Wil has flown over the rez wall, but not as he imagined. Deep down, he still expects the Tribal Council-or maybe even the Alliance of Tribal Nations-to somehow rescue him. But no one comes.

The pirates drive him not to a chop shop but to a private hospital. In this upscale, designer clinic of glass walls, soft lights, and wall-size murals of cascading color, he sees no patients. He is treated like a rock star by an extensive staff, and is provided any food he'd like, but he's not hungry. He's offered any music, the latest movies, games, books, or television, but nothing distracts him. He only watches the door.

On his third day, a neurologist, a surgeon, and a severe-looking blond woman come in and graciously ask him to play his guitar. Despite heartache, Wil plays flawlessly, and they are duly impressed. He still expects that somehow his playing will open their hearts and set him free. He still expects someone from the tribe to come to his door with good news. But no one comes.

On the fourth day, at dawn, he's put in restraints. A nurse gives him a shot, and he feels woozy. They roll him into an operating room: bright lights, white walls, monitors bleeping, sterile, cold. Nothing like the surgical lodge at home.

He feels numb despair. He is being unwound. And he comes to his end alone.

Then he sees a face in the operating room he recognizes. Although her hair is hidden by surgical scrubs, she doesn't wear a mask like the others. It's as if his seeing her face is more important that the sterile environment. He's not surprised to see her again. He played his guitar for this woman. She never told him her name, although he heard the others call her Roberta.

"Do you remember me, Chowilawu?" she asks, with the hint of a British accent almost Americanized. "We met yesterday." She pronounces his name flawlessly. It pleases him, yet troubles him at the same time.

"Why are you doing this?" he asks. "Why me?"

"We have been searching for the right Person of Chance for a very long time. You will be part of a spectacular experiment. One that will change the future."

"Will you tell my parents what happened to me? Please?"

"I'm sorry, Wil. No one can know."

This shakes him worse than death. His parents, Pivane, Una, the whole tribe grieving his absence, never knowing his fate.

She takes his hand in hers. "I want you to know that your talent will not be lost. These hands and the neuron bundles that hold every bit of your musical memory will be kept together. Intact. Because I, too, treasure that which means the most to you."

It's not anything close to what Wil truly wants, but he tries to cling to the knowledge that his gift of music will somehow survive his unwinding.

"My guitar," he manages through chattering teeth, ignoring the fact that he can no longer feel his toes.

"It's safe," Roberta says quickly. "I have it."

"Send it home."

She hesitates, and then nods.

Wil's unwinding proceeds at an alarming rate. All too soon a wave of darkness crashes over him. He can no longer hear Roberta. He can no longer see her.

Then, in the void, he senses someone lean close to him. Someone familiar.

"Grandfather?" he hazards to say. He cannot hear himself speak.

"Yes, Chowilawu."

"Are we are going to the Lower World?"

"We will see, Chowilawu," his grandfather says. "We will see."

But whatever happens now, it doesn't matter to Wil. Because someone finally came.

11 - Una

Not through smoke signals.

Not through the intricate legal investigations of the Council.

Not through the tribal nations' security task force, put in place after the parts pirates took him.

In the end, the rez finds out Wil is no more when his guitar is delivered with no note and no return address.

Una cradles the guitar in her arms and remembers: Wil building mountains for her in a sandbox when they were five. The quiet delight in his eyes when she asked him to marry her, when they were six. His grief as Tocho died, while she and Lev sat watching on the hospital floor. The touch of Wil's hand on her arm when he said good-bye.

In every memory is his music, and she hears it again every day, playing in the wind through the trees to tease and torment her. Or maybe to comfort her and remind her that nothing and no one is ever truly lost.

Una tries to hold on to that as she lays Wil's guitar on the workshop table. There is no body; there is only the guitar. So she gently, lovingly, unstrings it and prepares it for the funeral pyre in the morning.

And she tells no one of the strange hope she cradles in her heart, that somehow she will hear Wil's music again, loud and pure, calling forth her soul.

THE END

