Chapter 1

Kahli's mouth hung open. A million different thoughts ran through her mind. Was Will serious? Did he really mean what he said? Staring wide-eyed, she blinked at him for a moment and when he didn't elaborate, Kahli asked, "Kill the king and queen? Are you insane?"

Will didn't even glance at her, or answer right away. It was as though he actually considered her question. He seemed off-kilter since the crash - more than he should have been - but she wasn't sure why. Continuing to stare at the cave ceiling with a vacant look in his eye, Will threaded his fingers behind his head and he laid on his back close to the fire.

After a moment, his blue eyes glanced at her. His pale skin had healed and only a trace of stubble on his jaw marred the smoothness. Will's voice was low and serious when he finally spoke, "Maybe, but it's the only way to ensure we survive." He took a deep breath, adding as he looked away from her, "You and I are linked. Can't you feel it? Do you know what that means?" He pressed his eyes closed and focused on controlling the hammering of his heart. Will knew damn well what it meant.

Kahli shook her head, her bright hair falling over her shoulders, "I'm not sure anymore. Some things I learned about as a child were nothing but legends, while other things seem to be true." Her brow pinched together as she thought about it. The world was different than she thought. Before she met Will, she'd never seen a Bane or even heard of one. In the short time since they fought the wolves at the Empire house, she'd learned that nothing was as she thought. Her world had been filled with hunting and killing Trackers, trying to find any shred of evidence that her mother was still alive. The best scrap of information came from the King, but since he was trying to rip her throat out at the time, Kahli didn't get to ask questions. She considered Will and his question, deciding that there must be more to it - that their linking must have been what was making him act so unusually.

After a moment, Kahli shrugged, adding, "Besides, what I knew was about vampires and you're not one. Not totally. A linking is something that happens between a vampire and the consort. You're not a pure vampire."

His gaze cut to hers. It met and held, making Kahli's stomach twist. The intensity of that look made her shiver inside. She tried not to think anything, not consider how she felt about him.

"It doesn't matter," Will replied. "It's enough. Being Bane doesn't shelter me from the effects of your blood. While it healed and strengthened me, it also connected us. When I came to, I saw you bleeding out on the ice." He sucked in air, but there was never enough - not when he was thinking about Kahli with the massive hole in her neck. Will sat up, and stared into the fire. "I had no choice."

"What are you saying?" Kahli asked.

Will's eyes darted up and met hers. He didn't want to say it, he didn't want her to know, but she had to. If he didn't tell her, she would figure it out at some point anyway. It was impossible to hide. Even now, he could see she sensed something was bothering him, that he wasn't acting the same - and after that - how could he?

"When I tried to heal you nothing worked," Will explained. "I slashed my hand and poured my blood over your wound, but it was too deep. You'd already lost so much blood. I couldn't wake you and your body was so cold, Kahli. I thought I lost you." His voice was barely a whisper by the time he stopped speaking. The sadness in his eyes was palpable. He held her gaze, softly, like he wanted to apologize for so many things, things he couldn't say. He glanced away and said it, "I did what I had to do. I couldn't lose you again."

The golden light from the fire flickered softly as it bathed Will's face in rich tones. She'd never seen him look so haunted. A premonition crept through Kahli, making her skin prickle. Her lips were parted as she listened. Horror filled her veins with ice, creeping up her spine. He did something to her, something he regretted and now they're linked. Is that what he's saying? It can't be.

"What did you do?" she asked, but she already knew. Her revulsion to him, to vampires, to their kind was tantamount in a single act. Her heart pounded, slamming into her ribs as she waited for an answer. When she couldn't take it anymore, she said, "Tell me, Will. Now."

"We're blood bound, Kahli. You fed me your blood to save me. I did the same thing - " he couldn't look at her when he said it, and turned his face back to the fire. "I force-fed you my blood, enough of it to heal the wound and keep you alive."

Kahli knew it. She could feel him, Will's thoughts, brushing against the inside of her mind. It was like a subtle breeze, one that barely lifted a wisp of hair, but could still be felt as it slipped across her skin. Once Kahli recognized the sensation, it didn't matter what she did, she couldn't push him out - she couldn't make it stop.

"That's what this is?" she asked, her finger pointing to her temple. "That's what I feel?"

Will stared into the fire watching the red and gold flames flicker. Kahli got to her feet and stood, moving away from him, horrified. He could feel it. He could feel everything.

"You can feel me? My thoughts?" The statement fell from her lips in a hushed whisper. Her heart was pounding so hard. Could he feel that, too? Did he know how terrified she was right then?

Glancing up at her, Will nodded once. "I can. But it's not one-directional. My thoughts are visible to you, especially if I'm emotionally agitated, like now. It's more than a sensation, Kahli. The blood linked us. I can see your thoughts. Your dreams flicker behind my eyes when you sleep. It's a direct link to your mind, and mine."

Kahli's face blanched. "Linked us?" Will nodded. The pit of her stomach felt hollow. Kahli wrapped her arms around her waist, pulling them tighter to make the panic stop. There was no way being linked to Will was ideal, but there was another vampire she was concerned about, "And the King? Are we linked the same way?"

"Not unless you drank his blood."

Relief washed over her and the death-grip on her arms loosened a little. Kahli leaned forward slightly, taking a breath, and shook her head saying, "Thank, God."

"Indeed," Will replied. He stood and walked over to her, stopping just out of reach. "However, you have to realize, that had to be the King's intention. If your blood wasn't so powerful, they would have consumed more. That's what I couldn't tell you before. The first drops the magistrate consumed nearly had fatal side-effects. They weren't used to human blood like yours. You nearly killed them, which is why I'm concerned about the King. He drank from you, didn't he? I mean, he didn't just rip open your throat and not taste you, right?"

Kahli's stomach twisted when she thought about it. "The King was hard to resist. I couldn't think around him. It felt like I was drugged." A flush reddened her cheeks. Will was watching her, but she couldn't look at him as she said it. "He bit me, and I let him."

She pressed her lips together hard, her gaze vacant like she was reliving the nightmare, and she was. The images and sensations blazed brilliantly in her mind, making her shiver in response. Kahli smoothed her hands over her arms, trying to chase away the fear. She stared into space as she spoke, "For a second, I was able to think. I don't know why. I realized what was happening and that if I didn't do something..." she sucked in a breath and looked up at him. "I stabbed him, Will. The King wasn't at my neck for very long, but he did drink from me - way more than a drop."

After everything that had happened, she didn't want to second-guess Will, but they were connected now and it didn't make her feel more secure. It made her feel vulnerable. He knew exactly what she was thinking. He could sense her thoughts and had access to everything inside of her mind. It wasn't something she wanted with anyone. Ever. It was too much. There was no time to process things, no time to react to what had happened. They'd both been so close to death. While losing Will wasn't an option, she didn't mean for this to happen, either. It was partly her fault that they were linked. Kahli wondered if Will could sense her apprehension mingling with the cold fear in the pit of her stomach. It was trying to creep up her throat and choke her. Her fingers clamped down onto her forearms harder, trying to contain the panic that was rapidly growing.

Will placed his hands on her arms, and looked down into her eyes. His voice, earnest, pleading almost, "I won't hurt you. I promise."

Kahli's chest tightened. He knew what she was thinking. "Why can't I read your thoughts so easily? I feel you there, inside of me," she lifted a hand, pressing her fingers to her temple and looked up at him, "but your thoughts are muddled. I can feel them, like breath on my skin, but there's no meaning - just feelings without words."

"I can control the link a little a bit. While you slept, I had time to figure out how to seal off my thoughts. As long as I control it, you won't hear my musings, like I hear yours." As he said it, Kahli started to twist out of his grip, but he held onto her. "Please, don't look at me like that. I didn't do this on purpose. I couldn't lose you. I did it to save you. Please, you have to trust me on that."

"You're asking me to trust you - completely and totally - but you've shut me out of your head, meanwhile you can rummage through mine whenever you like?" They were nose to nose, Will's fingers tightly gripping her arms, holding her in place.

"It's not like that."

"Then, what's it like? Because it's like that for me" She looked into his face, breathless. Her heart pounded like she'd been running, and was unable to catch her breath, "Will, how am I supposed to trust you? Normally, trust is earned. Things and thoughts are shared. Friends confide in each other. There's no way for me to do that with you. You just know everything. It gives you power that I don't have. It's not a friendship anymore. I don't know what it is, but the linking has changed things. You can see a million things that can paralyze me. How do I know you won't use them against me?"

His voice was beseeching, "Trust me like you did before. Nothing's changed with that."

"You're wrong!" she said. "Everything has changed. You know everything about me and I know next to nothing about you." Pressing her eyes closed, she snapped her mouth shut and looked away. The tension in her arms kept her muscles corded tight, but she no longer tried to pull out of his grip. There was something about having his hands on her that she liked. She could feel his strength, his desire to protect her, but Kahli couldn't get past the link. A one-sided extension of trust wasn't a friendship. She would have never told him some of the things she knew he could see. Her heart constricted like a hand was squeezing it in her chest.

"What do you want me to do? Kahli, I'll do it. Anything." Will looked at her smooth skin, as she tried to get control over her emotions. They pounded into him. He knew how much she wanted to run away from him. He could feel it.

"Prove it."

Chapter 2

Looking up at him, Kahli licked her lips. They'd become dried and cracked. The movement stung more than it helped.

Will watched her, his attentive gaze unwavering. He was silent, breathing in long slow breaths, but Kahli could feel his pulse. She knew he was nervous, scared even. But, he blocked everything else from her. She didn't know why he'd be afraid of her. Or, maybe, he blocked her for another reason, but Kahli wasn't about to ask.

After a moment, Will broke the gaze and looked down at his chest. "If that's what you need, I will." He released her arms and started to peel off his coat. As his fingers worked the buttons on the front of his shirt, Kahli couldn't look away. She didn't know what he was doing. It was freezing, even with the fire right next to them.

"You saw the runes on my chest once before. Do you remember?" His fingers undid another button and his shirt began to fall open.

Now that he said it, Kahli thought she remembered something, but the recollection was fuzzy and faded, like an old photograph left in the sun, bleached white with all the details missing.

Brow pinching together, she nodded, "Vaguely."

Will pulled his arms out of the shirt, revealing his bare chest. His body was all muscle and smooth skin. Kahli stared, wanting to touch him, to feel the rise and fall of those muscles beneath her fingers. The thought shocked her. She tried to bury it, but Will smiled softly, like he'd already heard her. He took her hand in his and pressed the pads of her fingers to his chest.

Kahli couldn't breathe. She didn't know what he was doing, but she didn't pull away. "What are you - ?"

He cut her off, "Look. Read them. I know you can."

When Kahli looked down at his bare skin she saw a string of runes appear under her fingers. Will lifted his hands from hers knowing that she wouldn't pull away. As she slid her hand across his chest, rune after rune appeared. Some of them didn't make sense. They seemed to be more like symbols than words, but as her fingers grazed across his chest and down his side, Kahli recognized a rune. She slipped her fingers over his skin slowly, tracing a line down his side. As she touched him, blood-red runes seemed to burn under his skin, throbbing bright crimson, until her fingers passed over them and they faded back to the color of his skin. When her hand trailed down to Will's waist she stopped.

Swallowing hard, she looked up at him. Will was watching her, his lips parted slightly. "It's your name," she said, shocked. Will nodded slowly.

The moment felt surreal, like time bent and stopped. The two stared at each other. Kahli didn't know how much time passed before she spoke again. Will's blue eyes were locked on hers, holding her in place. They were so close, but when she dropped her hand neither of them touched. The runes faded, hiding his real name - the one the vampires could use against him.

Kahli moved her palm to his side again, hovering her hand over his warm skin. She wanted to touch him again, she wanted to feel the runes burn under her palm. Instead she hesitated, holding her hand less than an inch from his side. Her heart was pounding violently. Her mind couldn't make sense of it, of what it meant.

She pressed her lips together and tried to step away, but Will took her hand. "Say it," he commanded. "Say my name."

Kahli was wide-eyed. She shook her head. The name wouldn't tumble from her mouth. "No. It's enough to see it. I trust you. I believe you." It was what she needed, something of equal value - something equally damning - to be trusted with. She still couldn't believe he showed her.

"Then, why are you shaking?"

Kahli looked at her hand, her fingers next to Will's. He was so strong and her blood made him stronger. Blood. The thought jarred her. "Those are blood runes. They aren't the same as mine."

Will nodded, his thumb rubbing the back of her hand, tracing small circles on her smooth skin. "You're right. They aren't. They're more powerful, more binding. Marriage runes connect you to another person. They're a promise. I assume you have another rune with his family's crest?" Will turned over Kahli's wrist, the wrist that had the Section 8 brand, and examined it. "Maybe it was here? Under this one?"

"Maybe," she confessed, her lips slowly pulling into a smile. That was exactly where it was. Her wrist rune could only be evoked by her betrothed's blood. Until then, it would remain hidden. These were things that would have been part of the marriage ceremony, part of a life that was gone.

Will smoothed his hand over her wrist, and returned her smile. "I always liked that ritual. It was romantic, professing love like that, being bound to another person - willingly." When he said the last word, Kahli's insides twisted. They were not willing linked. Continuing, he said, "Mine are different. They're blood runes. There's nothing willing about them. I guess that makes me more vamp, than human." He smiled sadly. It was a difference between them, clearly marking that they were different.

Kahli nodded, "I suppose so," she said softly, staring at his smooth skin. Looking into his eyes, she asked, "How come I can see them? I mean, runes don't just pop up like that."

"Because vampires mark runes in blood, and my blood is inside of you. You can evoke my runes and read them. They respond to you, treating you like an extension of me." Will raised his hand to her cheek, and touched her soft skin gently with his thumb. The way he looked at her made Kahli's heart pound harder. He smiled at her and dropped his hand to his side.

Kahli's voice shook slightly as she spoke, "What are these?" She pointed to the pale flesh on his upper chest, sliding her finger over the spot and awakening the runes. They burned under her touch. "These don't look like any runes I've seen." Will shivered as the runes appeared under Kahli's finger, flashing bright orange, like flames.

He smiled sadly at her, "Property runes. They identify who I belong to, which vampire clan I serve."

Kahli could feel the weight of something, some decision he made long ago, crushing him. As he looked into her eyes, she wished she could fix it and remove that pain, but she didn't know what caused it.

"Who do you belong to?" Their gazes met and held. She could feel longing burst through his body, but nothing else. No name. No sign that said THIS GUY BELONGS TO with a name tacked on the end.

Will shook his head, "Can't say. It's forbidden."

She nodded slowly, wondering who owned him. Her guesses included the king, queen, and Reggie, but she wasn't sure. "How can you be marked by more than one owner?"

He smiled at her, "They can't see the runes. As long as their wills don't conflict, I can be branded by the entire Regent." He cringed thinking about it. "Thankfully, I wasn't that stupid, to let them all brand me. Not that I had much of a choice." He saw the question in her eyes. Will sighed and pushed his hand through his hair and responded, "Stupid mistakes. I made too many of them. That's all I can say, Kahli. I'd tell you, if I were able. Being able to talk to someone about it would be freeing."

Her throat tightened as she listened to him speak. He was a slave. For some reason, Kahli didn't see it before, but she did now. Kahli knew what it felt like to be trapped. The vampires held her captive for a few weeks, but Will, he was enslaved for years.

The way Will gazed at her made Kahli notice it, the sensation snaking through her stomach. It wasn't hers. It was Will's. When he looked at her, he saw hope. It filled him up and made him stronger. What hope could she possibly bring him? There was nothing she could do to save him. She couldn't even save herself. If Will hadn't followed her from the palace, she would have bled to death.

Looking into his eyes, Kahli knew she'd fight for him, free him if she could figure out how. The way he looked at her made her uneasy. It was like Will wanted to kiss her - or more. The thing that scared her most wasn't knowing that he was drawn to her, it was no longer being repulsed by his attraction. She had feelings for him. She felt it. Will was everything she would have wanted in a mate, but he was a vampire. His blood separated them. It always would.

Looking down, Kahli stepped back. Will didn't object. He turned to grab his shirt, pulling it onto his strong shoulders, followed by his coat.

"So." Kahli's voice was firm. She looked up at Will, understanding him a little better, wishing she knew him more. "How much of this assassination have you planned?"

Chapter 3

Cassie paced nervously as she watched the three empty beds in her room. Each fluffy white bedspread sat untouched with every pillow still perfectly in place. Moonlight cut through the tall window panes, casting a soft glow on the vacant beds. Cassie's fingers drifted across Kahli's bedspread as she passed it.

No one had returned, yet. They should have all been back. How long was dinner? In her dealings with the King, he was only after one thing, and when he got it, he tossed her out. She cringed and pushed away the memory. It's just nerves, she told herself. There was no explanation for it, but Cassie felt like she was going to wretch. From the time they came in and summoned Kahli, something didn't feel right. The last time she felt this way, something hideous happened. When the King was involved, they were always at risk. Add in this feeling and she was a nervous wreck, pacing and jumpy.

Before it was too late to leave the maiden's quarters, Cassie pushed through the doors. She managed to find Cole. He was wandering the hallways like he usually did. Cassie once asked him why he did it, but she didn't get much of an answer. Cole appeared to have an agenda, but she didn't really understand why. They were both trapped, bred to be in this place. Maybe acting like a spy made him feel like he had some control over his life. Besides, it was easier to pretend that he was Cassie's sentry, always nearby waiting to help.

"Hey," Cole said, when he looked up and saw his sister walking toward him. He was still dressed in his dinner suit. The dark blue fabric was supple. It was perfectly tailored to his body, accentuating his broad shoulders and narrow waist. The Queen must have called for him. He only wore that suit when he was summoned by her. Guards were stationed at either end of the hall, getting ready to usher them back to their chambers for the evening. The Queen liked everything to be orderly, and being confined to quarters at night made certain that they weren't doing anything naughty. Not that Cassie had anyone that she wanted to do anything naughty with.

Hurrying, Cassie walked so fast that she was nearly running by the time she reached Cole. A guard snapped, "Slow down!"

Panting, Cassie slowed just as she reached Cole. His expression pinched into concern as she raced toward him. Taking her by the elbow, he scolded, "We can't draw attention to ourselves. Kahli's already done enough of that. Ever since the Purging, the vamps won't leave me alone." They had found out he was stronger than they thought. Cole's guise was ripped away, and it was Kahli's fault. Before he had a chance to say more, Cassie cut him off.

"The King took, Kahli. She's been gone all night." Eyes wide, she looked up at Cole hoping he'd know what to do. Normally, she didn't panic like this, but something didn't feel right. Cassie was more than worried about Kahli. Her stomach churned like she had eaten glass.

Cole turned sharply and they started to walk back toward the maiden's rooms. Leaning close to her ear, he whispered, "When? I've been with the Queen and haven't heard anything. What happened?"

"Hours ago, before sunset. It's dark now, Cole. She shouldn't have been there that long. He invited Kahli to dinner and told her to dress up. She was nervous when she left. Something felt wrong, but she had to go. It's the King. It's not like we can say no thanks."

Cole held onto Cassie's elbow and he walked silently as she filled him in. Cole didn't say much, just nodding at the right times. He rarely spoke, because they were always being watched. Eyes and ears where everywhere. Cole didn't survive this long by acting like they weren't under constant surveillance, and while he didn't like how Kahli handled herself, he didn't wish harm upon her, either.

Taking a deep breath, he ran his fingers through his hair. It was the end of the day. Everyone should be exhausted, but Cole was not. He feigned his fatigue, slowing his pace to match his sister's. Finally, he said, "Don't worry about it for tonight. I'll tell you what I know in the morning. If she comes back, send a message. Remember what they taught us?"

Cassie bobbed her head, knowing exactly what he was referring to. Hands twisting, she looked up at him. "Yes, but that was before we came here."

Cole shook his head, "It doesn't matter. It's still true. Don't assume anything until there's blood. With our kind, with our anemia, there is always blood and lots of it when something goes wrong. Don't freak out until then. It won't help you and it won't help Kahli. All right?"

Nothing was all right, but what was she supposed to say? They turned a corner and walked down a hallway with floor to ceiling windows. All the drapes were pulled shut to seal in the heat. Even so, Cassie could still feel the frozen air wafting in and spilling under the thick curtains.

Something Cole said came back to her. She didn't know what he meant. Cole always spoke using as few words as possible. She glanced up at him, "What do you mean, they're watching you?"

Cole's gaze cut to hers. He slipped his hands into his pockets, continuing to walk like nothing was wrong even though everything was falling apart. "Exactly that."

Cassie sighed, frustrated with him. For once, she wished he would just talk to her the way he used to. Coming to the palace was exciting at first. It meant a better life, but Cole never acted like that. Instead he seemed to shut down and was constantly anxious, like he was going to be attacked at any moment. There were more rules in the palace, more protection. But that didn't help Kahli, she thought sadly. Maybe Cole's been right all this time. Cassie rubbed her face and looked up at him. "Gonna tell me anything else about it?"

"Not at the moment. I shouldn't have mentioned it. I just don't want more attention and running draws it. Although, Kahli shone a spotlight on us, so maybe it doesn't matter." Cole wanted to strangle Kahli. She was reckless. Her behavior would affect Cassie, and while Kahli was protective of his sister, she couldn't protect Cassie from the vamps if she was dead.

Cole turned toward his sister. Taking her elbow, he stopped her. "Hey, sorry I snapped. I've tried so hard to make sure that we survive. I'm not handling this very well. Kahli doesn't mesh with my ideal situation."

Cassie arched an eyebrow at him. "Ideal situation? Are you nuts? The ideal situation was before the ice shelf snapped off and drown half the world. The ideal situation was before everything was covered in ice. Nothing is ideal, Cole, not anymore. We're at the bottom of the food-chain, living in hell. And honestly, if it wasn't for the vamps, we'd be dead by now. People can't survive on their own out there. Not anymore."

Cole's voice was soft, pensive. He looked straight at her, saying, "And yet Kahli did, from age seven, and she was alone. Makes you think, doesn't it?"

Cole didn't say anything else. He couldn't. The vamps were too close. They heard every word he said. He led Cassie back to her rooms and told her not to worry, that he'd look into Kahli's whereabouts as well as the other girls who were missing. He gave Cassie a kiss on the head and shoved her through the door and told her to go back to her room.

As he walked away, Cole wondered what happened to him. Since Kahli arrived, he'd gone from just another piece of vamp decor to socialite status, drawing attention and turning heads. No one looked at him the same way anymore. He was lucky to get a reprieve between feedings. The Regent would have tried to tap him tonight if the Queen hadn't requested him. They noticed Cole, now. They watched him closer, and he didn't like it. That made everything he worked for harder, but there was no way he was giving up now.

Chapter 4

Sophia sat on her throne admiring her reflection. A large mirror with white gold gilding sat directly in front of her dais. The warm silvery tones gleamed, reflecting an image that was ghostlike in appearance. Sophia grinned. It was the effects of the girl's blood. She knew it. That shimmering likeness was a hollow display of her beauty. The reflection was fading and soon, with enough blood, would disappear entirely. It marked the restoration of her former power. Everything would return to the way it was. "Just like old times," she said, pleased.

"Yes, sister." Reginald rolled his eyes. He sat slouched in his chair, next to her, head leaning sideways on his hand. "Exactly like old times. You sat in front of the mirror even when there was nothing to see."

Sophia's eyes cut to her brother. Why she allowed him to return was a mystery. Fickle was how the Regent described her actions, but Sophia knew why she called him back. Reggie had a way of bringing out the worst in her, and she'd need that soon. Very soon.

"Remind me why you're still alive?" she said, sighing, like she was bored.

"So you can rub my face in your returning power." He straightened in his chair. "Power isn't much fun without someone to flaunt in front of." Bitterness filled his mouth. That girl should have been his. Instead of watching his vapid sister fading from that looking glass, it would have been his reflection that was nearly gone. Reggie tried to hide his jealousy, but he couldn't completely mask it - which was why Sophia kept him around. They both knew it.

"Ah, yes," she grinned. "Flaunting is the perfect reason to spare your insignificant life." After gazing at the glass for some time, she tilted her head. A dark ringlet fell over her shoulder. She touched it gently, twisting it between her fingers. "Reggie, dear. What did we do before?"

He glanced up at her not following her meaning. "Pardon?" He straightened in his seat, leaning forward slightly and feigning interest.

Sophia sighed. Why did he pretend to be a fool? She knew he was far from it. Sophia resisted the urge to roll her eyes. "Before, when we were powerful and had no reflection at all...how did we dress? How did we know what we looked like? It was so long ago."

It was long ago, but Reginald recognized this as another snub from his sister. She remembered. "Servants. Slaves. Tell them to make you pretty. If they fail, kill them, and then choose another." He uncrossed his legs and sat forward in his chair. "You act like it was so long ago that you can't remember."

"I'm not sure I do remember everything," she said, still primping, while she could make out her fading image in the mirror.

"Come now, sister. Good blood should draw memories back, not exile them completely." When Sophia didn't answer he looked over at her. She continued to fuss with the curl, trying to drape it over her shoulder with the other cascading dark locks.

Reggie wondered if she really couldn't remember, if it wasn't an act. As he watched his sister primp and fuss, he wondered why. Was there a reason she hadn't obtained her former power? Was the girl too defiant to be fed from? Something was wrong with her, otherwise his sister would have devoured more blood by now. Those who don't grab power while it's within their grasp don't live to see the sunrise, and yet, Sophia was sitting like she had all the time in the world. There was only one explanation for it in his mind - something was wrong with Kahli.

A grin spread across Reggie's lips, slowly stretching from one corner of his mouth to the other. He didn't realize it, but now that he saw, he didn't know how he missed it. "Tell me, how is her blood? Perhaps it's not as pure as we thought? I mean, look at the mirror. Your face is still there when you should be reflectionless by now."

Sophia was always easy to goad. She stopped and turned toward him slowly. Reginald knew he plucked the right strings. "Be careful, brother. You do not want to fight me today."

"I have no wish to fight with you, either," Reginald said. Sophia's eyes bore into him. If she could make him burst into flames, she would have. "I was merely pointing out that your prized-possession seems to be rather lackluster," he pressed his hand to his chest, "which is dreadfully embarrassing with how she was flaunted at the All Hallow's Eve party. Every Regent saw and heard you brag about her, the dirty wild thing." He shivered as he thought about it. Kahli was disgusting, dripping with filth and savage beyond comprehension. She acted more like a beast, than a girl.

Sophia's gaze narrowed, her hands tightening their grip on the dais. "She is what I thought she was. What you told me she was - wild - pure. Do you think we should just tap her and drink goblets of her blood? Are you a fool? Do you know how potent pure blood is? What it does compared to the anemic spawn we've been breeding?" The only reason she offered this information was to prove she was right, that pure blood was hers and not his. That the blood was restoring her former power and he wouldn't have a drop.

Reginald hadn't realized what was wrong with the girl. He figured that young William had issues restraining her, or something ridiculous. But this, this was much better. "How dreadful," he said with pity in his voice. "To have something that could change everything so easily and yet, not be able to take that power. It must be awful." He clucked his tongue and shook his head, barely hiding the satisfied smile that kept breaking across his lips. "I had no idea."

"You never have any idea," she snapped. Motioning for her servant, Sophia said to her, "Fetch the wild girl for a tasting. Promptly." After the servant left, Sophia turned toward her brother with a wicked gleam in her eye. "Never say that I was unkind to you, Reginald. I'll let you taste a drop and you can see how strong a stomach is needed to drink from her. It's not what you think, either." The smug expression fell from his face. "It's not a matter of swallowing it. It's a matter of our weakened bodies being able to metabolize her blood."

Reginald was excited and apprehensive. Leaning back, he slouched in his chair trying to hide it. "What's the worst that it could do?"

Sophia gave a wolfish grin, "Wait and see for yourself." When the servant reentered without Will, Sophia was irritated. "Well?" Sophia snapped.

The servant didn't look her in the eye. Instead she bowed her head and stared at the floor. "Neither of them is to be found. I've looked and asked. The last person to see the girl was the King."

Sophia rose slowly, utterly calm. Reginald shrunk away from her, knowing exactly how much rage just exploded in her system. Every inch of Sophia's body would twitch any second. She would kill without a second thought, without reason.

Reginald sat very still, managing to stay just out of her line of sight. Sophia stepped toward the trembling servant and before Reginald could blink, a severed head rolled across the floor. No one moved. No one breathed. The Queen crossed the room, power flowing from her in a deadly wave, killing anyone within reach. A bloody path trailed in her wake. Before he was remembered, Reginald slipped from the chair and made his way out of the palace. If the King took what wasn't his, then Reginald was not safe. He cursed himself for not returning sooner.

Although his sister didn't suspect it, Reginald had nefarious reasons for being there, all of which stemmed back to Kahli.

Chapter 5

Will was nervous when Kahli's eyes slipped over his runes. He wondered how much she knew? If she would notice? His throat constricted as her fingers trailed over his chest and down his side, her green eyes trailing across his bare skin. There was so much he wanted to say, so many things to explain, but he couldn't. Blood runes were more binding than she realized. They burned under his flesh, searing into his soul, commanding him in a way that Kahli's betrothal runes did not. The way she looked at him, like she was caught between trust and turning on him, made Will do it. Revealing his runes was a calculated risk, one that he would regret later if she ever found out the truth about him. The power of his true name was enough to sate her insecurities. Although Kahli didn't realize what she could do with it, or that she had any power over him at all.

Even after his shirt was buttoned and his coat pulled back on, Will still felt her caress on his skin. He wanted more. He longed for things he couldn't have. Glancing at her, Will wondered if it mattered anymore. There were rules against vampires and humans being together. A relationship with Kahli was forbidden, but what did it matter now? If they were caught, their fates would be dismal anyway, probably worse than the instant destruction pairing with a human would have demanded. Will's stomach twisted as he thought about Kahli. The way his lips tingled reminded him how much he wanted to kiss her and hold her in his arms. Will subdued the thoughts before Kahli could feel them, shoving them to the back of his mind.

He'd learned to hide his thoughts long ago. Being bound by three people required it or he would have been long dead. It was the last rune that caused all the problems. It was the one he couldn't deny. If Will had the chance to do it over again, to take the oath that involved the wild girl standing in front of him - he wondered what he would say. Will glanced at the fire and ran his fingers through his hair. There was still blood crusted to his scalp. He needed to melt some snow so they could wash. The wolves and the vamps would catch Kahli's scent faster if they didn't.

Watching her, Will thought, If I had to do it all over again, I'd do the same thing. That final rune would damn him. It cost him his life in more ways than he could count, but he'd do it again.

Kahli faced the fire. A smear of dirt and blood lined her cheek. Will looked at her when she asked about his assassination plans. Hope floated into his chest, lodging somewhere between his bottom two ribs.

He grinned at her, "I have all of it planned. I was waiting for the most opportune moment," he smirked, adding, "and for a crazy red-head to show up and carry out my evil plan."

Kahli folded her arms across her chest. She watched him as he fished out a small piece of metal from the back of the cave. It looked like part of the crashed bike. Will held it up and walked toward the mouth of the cave. Kahli watched him for a moment, her eyes narrowing. He read the question on her face before it sprang forth in her mind. Answering, he said, "We need water. I'm afraid you have to clean that blood off or we'll be found too soon. If it isn't me that brings you back to the palace, the plan fails. I'll be executed and you'll be on your own."

Kahli followed him, her feet adjusting to the slick rock as they neared the mouth of the cave. She pulled her coat tighter. "I understand. I've done this before, Will." He glanced over his shoulder at her as he scooped up some snow. She explained, "Running, I mean. I killed every Tracker who came within a mile, and maybe a few extra for good measure." She grinned. It made his stomach twist and Kahli flinched, surprised to feel his reaction.

Will turned and filled the metal make-shift bowl. "You killed every Tracker, except me."

"Yes, except you and the deviant who took my mother," she pressed her lips together hard, like there was a secret burning her tongue.

"How'd you adapt so quickly? You were so young when she was taken." Will was careful, wording it so she couldn't tell that he'd been closer than she knew for longer than she thought. He turned and went back into the cave with Kahli in tow. Her voice soothed him in a way that nothing else could.

"We were close to the safe house when that happened. I should have gone onto the next, but I turned and went back. At first I thought that Mother would come and get me, but when I realized that she wasn't coming back, I tried to make do on my own. I was careless in the beginning. I stayed too long. I was too small to fight the wolves. I could barely shoot a gun. Besides, the shots attracted the Trackers." She shrugged, watching Will put the pot of snow over the fire, setting it on top of the logs. "Where'd you find wood?" He had the feeling that she was going to ask something else, and the fact that there were logs distracted her. Trees that weren't covered in ice were scarce.

"It's not wood," he replied. "It's a firelog. They burn forever. Each bike is outfitted with a pack in case a storm sets in and the guard can't return to the palace. They were in the frame of the bike, along with other things we need - well, the basic stuff anyway."

She nodded and watched the logs. They weren't wood. Kahli could see it when she looked closer. Although it had the appearance of bark along the surface, it was too perfect to have grown that way. The fire did not consume the log. Instead it glowed an orange-red and danced with flames, but the log was still the same size as it was when she awoke.

"So," Will said, steering her back to the conversation, "How long did you stay in that safe house?"

Kahli watched him, her pink lips parted. He felt her emerald eyes on the side of his face, burning a hole with her contemptuous gaze. "Why are you asking?"

Will sat in front of the fire and shrugged. "Seemed like a good question. Everyone wonders how you survived so long, alone." His voice trailed off. He didn't want to push her and he wasn't ready to admit what he knew.

Kahli stared into the flames, breathing softly, until she admitted, "I wasn't completely alone." She glanced at Will.

Will didn't pretend to be surprised. Misleading her was bad enough, he didn't want to compound it by lying, too. He cursed to himself when he realized it was the same thing - an omission was a lie. They were two parts of the same deception.

"But you knew that," she added after watching him for a moment. He didn't look at her. Instead Will removed the steaming liquid from the fire and set it down. "It was you, wasn't it? The food and water? The one who chased off the wolves that first time I left the safe house?" Her jaw hung open like she couldn't believe it. "Why?" she breathed, and inched toward him. When he didn't answer she touched his arm. The sensations she caused, the river of heat that flooded up his arm, made him jump. She was right there, those endless green eyes right in front of him. "You never lost track of me, did you?" Her eyes darted back and forth between his, wanting an answer that he couldn't give.

"I don't know what you're talking about," he lied, but he was sure she felt it. He was certain she knew.

Kahli didn't press him. Instead she sat back and lifted off her coat, revealing the torn dress beneath. Blood soaked through the once violet front panel of her bodice. Kahli reached around to unlace the corset strings. They were looser than they had been. Will must have done it when he saved her. She pulled the strings and felt the bodice loosen.

"What about the clothes? They're covered in blood."

Will nodded. He handed her something white. A microfiber body suit. "It's kind of ugly, but it's warm."

"It looks like underwear," Kahli said, looking at it in her hands. It felt light like one of the frivolous dresses they put her in at the palace.

Will laughed, "It's not. It's a synthetic bodysuit that the Trackers wear under their outer coats. It protects from frostbite without hindering movement."

"Meaning I can still fight in this thing..." she said looking at it.

Will nodded, "Exactly."

Kahli hesitated before looking up. This was the second time she was undressing in front of Will. As soon as she realized it, her heart pounded harder. She knew he felt her pulse racing, even though he didn't smile this time. Instead he turned, offering her privacy.

"Thank you," she said softly, and he nodded.

"There's a cloth in there," Will said. He pointed over his shoulder toward the pot. "Use it to wash off the blood. It might take a few tries. Do your hair last so your head isn't wet very long. We can bundle you in one of the microfoil blankets so you don't freeze."

"I've done this before, Will." After a moment, she shivered. Will could hear her teeth chattering, but it was more jarring to feel the frigid air on her damp skin burst through the blood bond.

"I know," he replied. "I just don't want anything else to go wrong. We need to get out of here as fast as possible."

The water splashed onto the cave floor as she rinsed off the dried blood. Kahli's teeth chattered as she asked, "Where are we going?"

"To the nearest safe house." His back was to her, but he could feel her still and stare at him.

"Why?"

"They need to be desperate before we bring you back. If they think they can find you on their own, my plan won't work."

Kahli's voice hitched, "Bring me back? I thought you were kidding before. We can't go back. The King will finish ripping my throat out - "

"After he does the same to me. Yes, I'm aware of that." The sound of water splashing in the bowl nearly made him turn. "Are you all right?"

"Yes." She sounded agitated.

"Don't bother lying to me. I can tell. What's wrong?" He stared at the wall as he said it. A moment later he felt Kahli's hand on his shoulder. He turned slowly, not knowing what to anticipate. He still expected a fist in his stomach when she touched him.

Kahli stood in front of him nak*d, clutching the microfoil blanket to her chest. It was wrapped around her waist, but didn't cover much of her legs. Kahli shivered and pointed to her neck, her fingers trailing the pale white line until it turned red and ran down her back. "This was a lot worse than I thought." He nodded slowly, his eyes locked on hers. Will wanted to wrap his arms around her, but he didn't move. "It feels like my back didn't heal right and I can't see it. What's wrong with it?"

Her fingers traced the King's wound. It circled her neck and trailed over her shoulder and down her back, stopping right above her shoulder blade. Will looked at it closer when she turned. He examined the wound when she was injured and was surprised by how deep it was. She was lucky to be alive.

Will pushed her hair away and looked closer. "Nothing. It's just more grime and dried blood. Hand me the cloth and I'll wipe it off." Kahli gave it to him. Will dabbed the hot water on the wound. Kahli flinched when he did it. "Does that hurt?" he asked, surprised.

"No," she gritted her teeth, her voice suddenly sarcastic, "it tickles."

"Really?" Will asked glancing at her.

She laughed and looked over her shoulder at him, smiling. "No, not really. It felt like you were ripping my skin off. Do you believe everything I say, Will Tatum? Or does my bare skin make your brain not work as well?" The look she gave him made his cheeks burn.

"Both, actually, bare skin and a general lack of brains pretty much sums me up. Now, stop fooling around. Something's not right. This shouldn't hurt at all anymore." He smiled at her softly as a shiver raked across her body again. He moved her closer to the fire so she'd stop shivering. "Try to hold still."

"Easy for you to say," she laughed. Before she knew what happened, Will opened his shirt and wrapped his arms around her. The bare skin on her back was pressed flush against his nak*d chest. The runes flamed to life, warming her chilled skin. The laughter died on her lips and Kahli stiffened in his arms.

Will's breath caught in his throat, as his heart pounded harder. Khali's scent filled his head. "My runes are forged from fire and blood. They burn under your touch. I can warm you whenever you need it." Kahli seemed paralyzed for a moment but she managed to nod her head. "I'm going to let go and look at your back now." Will did as he said, running the pads of his fingers over the wound. It didn't heal properly, but he didn't know why. As his fingers pressed it, Kahli winced. "I'm sorry," he breathed, lifting his hand from her tender wound.

"What's wrong?" she asked after a moment.

"I'm not sure," he admitted. "It doesn't look like a vampire wound. There's something strange about it."

"Can you try to fix it?" she asked, looking back at him. Will nodded once and lowered his gaze to her back.

He pressed the hot water on the spot and washed away the remains of the blood. Kahli's pale flesh was marred by an angry red gash. It was almost as if... Will went still when he realized what it was. He stared in disbelief. How did he miss it before? Cursing, he reached into his pocket and grabbed a knife. Moving swiftly, Will thrust the blade over the flames. The metal heated in his hand, burning him, but Will didn't let go.

This screwed them. Completely.

"What is it?" Kahli asked. She sensed his desperation. She watched the knife being heated by the flames and knew it was for her, to remove whatever was under her skin.

"It looks like a Tracking chip, but I can't be sure until it's out. If it's a chip, we're in trouble. We need to get it out and get out of here. Now. I sterilized the blade. I'll remove it and mend you. Let me." He wasn't asking, Will was telling her that he'd need to heal her. Kahli's stomach felt like she was in a free fall. She nodded and turned away from him.

"Do it." She gritted her teeth, as her body tensed, waiting for the burning knife to touch her back.

Will's knife bit into her skin. Kahli's body remained rigid, her hands balled into fists, as she clenched her teeth. Kahli swallowed the scream building in her throat, but tears sprang from her eyes. She felt the tiny shard come free and before Will tossed it in the fire, she said, "No. Save it."

"Kahli, we don't have time," Will said, but the look she gave him instantly silenced him. Will pocketed the chip, knowing it was leading the palace guard, and possibly the King, directly toward them. Without asking, he cut the palm of his hand on his knife. Cupping his hand, he allowed the blood to pool in the center. He held it out to Kahli, "Drink it."

Fear flashed in her eyes, but she did as he said. Her pink lips were stained crimson as she swallowed a mouthful of his blood. Then Will turned her quickly and examined her back. The skin was pink and tender, but was no longer bleeding. Relieved, Will kissed her on the forehead before realizing what he'd done.

Kahli blinked up at him. Looking down at her, he wished they had more time. There were things to say and he might not get another chance, but if they didn't leave now, they'd die.

"The chip?" he asked, wondering what she wanted to do with it. That chip tracked pulse and location, linking back to an archaic GPS system from before the flood. It was an effective way to keep tabs on humans who were a flight risk.

Kahli's lips pulled into a grin. "The chip will be taking a ride on the wolf express, away from us."

Will couldn't help but smile. Kahli was soft and tough, kind and brutal, cunning and crazy - but those qualities, as conflicted as they seemed, only made him like her more.

Chapter 6

Reginald never caught a break. Ever since he was a child, he was always second to his sister. Sophia was the epitome of the perfect child, even though she was a girl. It angered him to even consider it. He fared nothing but disappointment after disappointment. Bitterness coated his tongue so frequently that it never shocked him. Not anymore.

He was lucky to make it out of the palace before Sophia turned on him. Even with that little bit of blood, she was more powerful than he'd seen her in very long time. Everything came down to blood, blood is power, and Reginald wanted power. He was sick of his life, of trading exotics to maintain his meager status.

The truck he was riding in rumbled on. The driver speed away from the Queen faster than was reasonable in the ice and snow, but Reginald offered him a stipend of blood if the vamp managed to get them away from Sophia alive. That was all the driver needed. The trucked bounced over the poorly constructed roads, until there was no road to follow. The setting sun blinded them, casting a dazzling array of white light in their faces, as they drove westward.

Reginald slumped back into his seat once they were off of Sophia's property, sighing with relief. "Good man," he said to Thomas, the vampire driving the truck. Thomas didn't take his eyes off the road. He just grunted like a pig. Reginald lamented the passing of high society when vampires didn't digress to making livestock noises while driving a truck. Civilized conversation was something only attainable at court. Thomas was a portly vampire with onion colored skin that was far too sheer. The lack of blood did that, made them sickly and weak. Thomas would do just about anything for an extra ration. If Reginald wasn't a Regent, he didn't know what he'd do. That was about the only bit of luck he had from being Sophia's sibling.

"Drive carefully, but quickly. If we get back to the house before the storm sets in, I'll add another drop to your ration."

Thomas' lips twitched, like he was happy, but the man was never happy. No one was. "Thank you, sir."

"Yes, well, you're far too ghastly to look at anymore." Reginald waved his hand while he spoke, "If you don't increase your blood intake, you'll wilt away into nothing."

Thomas didn't reply. There was nothing to say. Human blood was scarce and each vampire only had so much. Many vamps perished from lack of sustenance. Things were not like the old days, although Thomas was too young to remember those days. Perhaps, that was why the man was not bitter, Reginald thought to himself as he studied Thomas' profile.

Reginald settled back into the seat and sifted through the things he'd learned while visiting Sophia. The human's blood was potent enough to cause an issue with consumption. That alone was worth the visit. If Reggie had done as he planned, it would have gone poorly, no doubt. Vampire metabolisms took blood and utilized it swiftly. In the old days, as soon as it touched his lips, Reggie could feel the power from the blood flowing through him. However, Sophia's warning, the reason why she only drank a drop at a time rang in his ears. She was trying to build a tolerance, he was sure of it. Which meant swallowing the wild human's blood was most likely fatal.

He drew in a deep breath and looked at the storm clouds that were finally visible as the sun sank below the horizon. "Better speed things up, Thomas."

"I don't like the look of them clouds. It's like they're too thin, too wide." Thomas leaned forward, pressing his face to the windshield as he spoke. The truck hit a bump and the vamp slammed his head into the glass. He groaned and returned to his proper position.

Reginald ignored the display of incompetence. As long as the lunatic didn't topple the truck, Reginald didn't care about Thomas' intelligence. He was a servant and nothing more. "They're storm clouds with too much wind, from the look of them." He laughed, picturing himself as a meteorologist a couple hundred years ago, when people got their news from an attractive man on a glowing TV screen. Those were good times.

"What's so funny?" Thomas asked, his face turning paler, if that was possible.

"Just drive," Reginald said slouching back into the seat.

But it didn't matter how fast Thomas drove, it was inevitable. They were headed directly into that storm. When the wind blasted the truck, it nearly blew them off the road, or what was left of it. The ice was slick and Reginald felt the truck slip across the smooth surface. He reached for the door, holding on as they slid. Thomas regained control and slowed.

The few animals that fared well in the wild were scattering, running in the opposite direction of the truck. Thomas' gaze watched wolf, rabbit, and fox trying to escape what they were driving into. "Sir, perhaps we should turn around?" Thomas was never so brazen, but he couldn't keep his thoughts to himself. If they spun off the road and died, Reginald would kill him.

"Keep driving," Reginald said, ignoring the man.

Thomas protested, "Them animals are running, sir. Running. That's not like them. Their natural instinct is to hide. The only thing that flushes 'em out anymore is bad. I gotta say - "

"You've said enough," Reginald snapped. "I realize you think that death may lie ahead of us, but I know with utter certainty that it lies behind us, waiting with a fang and scythe." Pressing his fingers to his throat, Reggie thought of the head that rolled across the throne room floor, eyes still wide in shock. "We will not turn back. Sophia will kill the King and anyone who is in her path. I do not intend to be there when it happens. Drive on."

Chapter 7

When they emerged from the cave, Will had the supplies he stripped from the frame of his bike. Although the vehicle he'd taken went down, it was still able to be ridden. But, first things first. They had to find a wolf.

Kahli tucked her bright hair under the white body suit. Will said it didn't need a coat, but she felt exposed. The bodysuit fit her like a second skin, clinging to her frame and revealing every curve. When she finally was dry enough to pull it on, she shimmied the neckline up to her throat where she fastened a plastic clip to hold in her body heat, and turned to Will. She felt his heart jump before she had a chance to look at him. Maybe this bond thing isn't so bad? she thought. At least it gave her a tiny clue as to how he felt about her. He thought she was something to look at, that much she knew for certain.

Will didn't look too bad in his white bodysuit, either. It clung to his slender body, moving with his toned chest and strong arms. Kahli looked away before she had more time to think about what it meant - about the attraction that was there - and the fact that she wanted more. There was something majorly wrong with her brain. Maybe she'd been alone too long, or maybe Will was everything she needed, and it didn't matter what kind of blood ran in his veins.

But he's a vampire, a voice hissed in the back of her mind as she studied the sweeping muscles that defined his broad shoulders. Blood matters. Blood is what separates us from them - it's what makes us human - it's what makes them monsters.

Will felt her gaze, but said nothing. He masked his thoughts so well that it was difficult to tell what he thought about anything. Kahli studied him while they were in the cave and aside from what he revealed, she didn't learn much. The main thing she felt over and over was his eyes sliding over her form, followed by an increase in his pulse. The steady sound beat in her ears, but his attention could have been for any number of reasons. It didn't mean he had feelings for her. He saved her, because the King would kill him if he didn't drag her back. Kahli wasn't a fool. She knew he couldn't tell her everything, and that there was much more to tell.

It didn't matter. Not now. First, they needed to buy more time. Chipping a wolf would lead the vamps in the wrong direction and give them the head start that they had lost. Even though they'd only stopped for a short time, time was everything now and they had none.

Kahli turned to look at Will over her shoulder. The freshly fallen snow was like dust, blowing through the air in a blinding array. The tiny particles whipped into her face, each one feeling like a splinter of glass caught in the wind. There were no tracks to follow. That was good and bad. It made them harder to track, but it made finding the stray wolves harder, too. She wasn't sure where they'd be in this weather. In the past, the pack jumped on her as soon as she emerged, but today there wasn't a single beast.

Kahli's heart sank, as she looked around frantically.

Will stopped beside her, leaning close enough to be heard above the howl of the wind. "Now what?"

"What else does this thing monitor?"

"Body temperature, pulse, and location. That's it. He must have stabbed you with it before you got away."

Kahli nodded, scanning the snow banks, looking for any signs of life. After a moment her lips pulled back into a smile. "Bingo."

Will followed her gaze, shielding his eyes from the wind and sun. "Are you serious?"

"You got a better idea?" she asked, looking up at him.

"Honestly? No." Will looked at the white rodent perched on the top of the bank. It seemed to be sniffing the air. "So, is your plan to compel it or..." before he could finish asking, Kahli was gone. Will turned to look for her, but she'd already ducked low to the ground. He shook his head and folded his arms across his chest. The animal was watching him. "Or we can do this your way," he laughed.

In a flash, Kahli snuck up behind the small animal. She kept her body downwind, so it couldn't sense her approaching quietly from the side. The chip was already in the insertion device. It was round and long and fit snuggly in the palm of her hand. It worked like a knife. All she had to do was grab the animal and press the trigger on the top of the cylinder, as she stabbed. That was what the King had to done her.

In a flash, Kahli leapt, grabbing the creature by the throat with one hand, while the other hand punched the trigger. The chip was shot into the animal's hind leg as it shrieked, terrified. Kahli cooed to it and placed it back on the snow bank. It didn't wait. As soon as its furry white feet hit the snow, it took off.

Will walked up behind her with a grin on his lips, "Nice work, wild girl."

"And you wanted to compel it," she laughed, looking at him as she stood up. They both watched the animal scurry away.

"I was joking," Will said. "I would have bribed it, but your way of attacking it like a wild dog worked fine. That rabbit will never go within a hundred feet of a human again."

"Or a vampire," Kahli grinned looking up at him.

They turned to backtrack toward the bike. Will was shaking his head. "The guards are going to be all sorts of pissed when they realize they've been tracking a bunny rabbit."

Chapter 8

The King surveyed his chamber, his gaze falling on the blood that stained the room, marring its previously perfect appearance. There was no way he'd survive this if he didn't act fast. Still bleeding, he left his rooms. Stepping over the dead guard, the King walked toward the maiden's room with singular purpose. He wanted that girl - the one Kahli protected from the Purging - the one that was rightfully his.

Cassie.

The King pushed into the chambers, dismissing the guards as he went. When he found her room, he saw the three empty beds, and the one with the girl fast asleep. The King towered over Cassie, his slender form casting a shadow across her sleeping body.

When Cassie awoke, she gasped. Pulse pounding, she inched back in the bed until her back pressed against the headboard. Her frantic heartbeat rang in his ears. The King grabbed Cassie by the throat and yanked her from her bed. "You are coming with me."

The girl dangled, her hands frantically clutching at her neck trying to rip free from his grip. When the King realized he was strangling the girl, he dropped her to the floor. Cassie sucked in air and tried to scream for Will, for Kahli, for anyone, but she was totally alone. Kahli had not come back from dinner. Will wasn't around this night, and her horrible roommates hadn't come to bed.

Cassie cowered. The blood that covered the King scared her, and although her mind didn't piece it together yet, her body did. He was dangerous, more so than last time. Last time there was no blood. Last time he only wanted flesh. This time was different. Blood and burn marks marred his skin. Cassie knew that this wasn't a weak, anemic vampire. The blood covering him wasn't only his. She didn't know how she knew, but Cassie could tell. She could smell it, and instead of the sickening black tar that normally flowed in the vampire's veins, the King's blood was scarlet.

"What'd you do with her?" Cassie hissed, but the King didn't answer. He grabbed her nightshirt and pulled her to her feet.

"I've had a rather unpleasant night," he said as if he were addressing a member of the Regent. He wiped the back of his hand across his bloodstained lips, "So, if you don't mind, I'll ask the questions, and you will answer."

Cassie managed to get to her feet. The King dragged her through the halls and into the main corridors. They passed the maidens' quarters and headed towards the King's side of the palace. Before disappearing into his usual place, he stopped. This was important and required tact and diplomacy that he failed to plan for. The King pressed his fingers to his temples and dropped Cassie on the floor.

Breathing hard he snapped his fingers at her like she was a dog. "Up. Walk in front."

Cassie swallowed the lump in her throat and walked in front of the King. Her bare feet were cold against the marble floor. When they finally stopped in front of a door, she didn't know whether to be happy or scream. Just before Cassie stepped into the room, she looked up. Cole was standing in the shadows of the archway across from them. His eyes were filled with fear, as the King pushed Cassie through the door and closed it behind them.

The room had floor to ceiling bookcases filled with artifacts, but hardly any books. A fire was raging in the hearth, warming the small space. The King's tone changed from threatening to patient. Cassie's body shook, even though she tried to stop. Gripping her hands in her lap, she sat where the King indicated, in front of the fire.

This is important, the King thought to himself. He didn't know how far he should go. One or two missing girls were easy to hide - an accident or a sudden illness made it less than suspect. However, tonight there were already three missing girls, and Will. To make matters worse, each and every one of them was technically the Queen's property. This shivering girl made five.

"Cassandra," the King spoke her full name in a soothing tone, "please don't be afraid." Before Cassie could think, something thick and warm - like hot syrup - poured over her emotions and stilled her. The fear that was coursing through her body melted. She stared at the fire, unable to think. Cassie watched the flames dance, slack-jawed as the King paced. His compulsion worked well, and the King was pleased to see Cassie succumb to it so readily.

"Very good, my dear. Now, I have a question for you." The King walked toward her, lifting his hands as he explained, "It's rather simple really. Answer and you can return to your bed and forget this night." Cassie nodded, her eyes unblinking and staring straight ahead.

"Very good." The King walked behind Cassie and stood. Hooking his fingers on the back of her chair, he said, "I want you to think before you respond. Try to search every memory before you answer. It is important that you tell me the truth, Cassandra."

The warm feeling that had slipped over her was changing. Instead of feeling like a warm blanket it constricted slightly before releasing her. The display of power wasn't lost on her. Cassie's body was still in fight or flight mode. Her feet twitched, urging her to flee, but her mind was the King's. She stared into the fire waiting for the question, wanting to answer it with every fiber of her being. The willingness shocked her. Her heart raced faster.

"Did Kahli have any kind of friendship with Will Tatum?" the question was simple, direct. That worked best with fragile minded humans. The King had enough blood to compel her for weeks, but even as he asked, he could feel the power draining from him. The King knew he would need that power to find the wild girl - Kahli. She'd killed two guards and taken off on a snow mobile with a vampire in tow and Will chasing after her. Or accompanying her. He needed to know which one.

For the longest time, he was certain of the boy, but when he saw the expression in his eyes, when Will took off, running after the wild girl, he wasn't so sure. Fear flashed in the young Will's eyes, but fear of what? That was what he needed to know. His gut told him that Will saw the drained bodies behind him - that he saw the blood spilled on the floor. The boy knew of his power, of his ways for a long time, but he'd never reacted like that before. Every year the King had his way with a few of the girl's in the Queen's court. He did as he pleased, unknown to the Queen, and he drank directly from them. It made him stronger and stronger until it was difficult to hide his power. The King's lust for blood grew as his power increased. More bodies were required to sate his thirst, but when he tasted Kahli that changed.

After a moment, Cassie blinked. Her voice was soft and lacking any inflection, "No. He was her Handler. He took her blood. She didn't like it." Cassie fought the urge to delve deeper into her memories.

The King walked in front of the chair and leaned close to Cassie's face. The pale girl didn't move. He breathed in her face, "Does she have feelings for him?"

Before she could stop the words, they fell from her lips, "Yes, as her Handler."

The King looked puzzled, "Explain."

Cassie could feel the words being pulled from her. "Sometimes a Handler can arouse his charge. Kahli was upset by it."

"She's attracted to him." He said, and turned to look at the fire, stroking his chin. "Interesting. Very interesting. This is Will Tatum, correct? The same boy she stabbed? The same boy who was charged to make her presentable to the Queen?"

Cassie fought the urge to nod, but her head moved without her consent. Cassie's eyes fixated on the flickering flames. She wanted to say something to contradict Kahli's secret, but she couldn't. Not while the King had her under his thrall.

The King circled the chair and bent at the waist looking into her eyes. "One last question, Cassandra. Did she act on these feelings?"

"No," she said flatly. Her tongue twisted around the word, unable to hold it back, but she kept from saying more, from offering that she didn't know. Somewhere in the back of her mind, she suspected that something happened between them. The way Will and Kahli acted around each other wasn't one-sided. Will was always sweet, but he didn't look at anyone else the way he looked at Kahli. Cassie never spoke these words to her friend and she wouldn't speak them now to the King. They hadn't formed into full thoughts yet, just prickling premonitions at the back of her mind.

Disappointment shot through the King. "Damn it," he swore, turning from her. Staring out the window, the King's eyes raked over the frozen landscape below. The information that he gleaned was useful, but only if he captured one of them. If that stubborn girl had feelings for Will, the King would certainly use it. The question that still hung in the air was whether or not Will returned those feelings. That boy was difficult to read.

"Go," the King said, dismissing Cassie without a backward glance. "Return to your bed and do not discuss this with anyone."

Cassie's body stood and before she could blink, her feet started moving, and took her out the door. Cassie was aware of her bare feet on the plush carpet and of her hand gripping the brass door knob, twisting it closed in her palm. When she turned to walk back to bed, Cole bounded up beside her.

He grabbed his sister's shoulders and turned her toward him, "Thank God! Are you all right?" He looked her over, Cole's anxious eyes meeting hers. "Cassie, what'd he do to you?"

Cassie seemed like she was in a daze. Her feet continued to move as she spoke lethargically, "The King compelled me to speak about Kahli."

"What?" Cole asked, astounded.

But, before he could say anything, she droned on, "He wanted to know about her relationship with Will. I told him and he sent me to my bed, forbidding me to speak of it after I reached my room."

Cole grabbed her arm to stop her feet. Turning toward her brother, she looked into his face but the haze didn't lift. She couldn't think. The worry on his face didn't penetrate the King's command, it didn't stop her feet from continuing down the hallway, even though a look like that from Cole normally would have captured her full attention.

"What'd you tell him?"

Cassie pulled free and started walking to her room again, winding through the halls, she answered Cole's questions, until he knew what was said and what was asked. Finally he stopped his sister again, before she walked into the maiden's wing, "Did he drink from you? Or Kahli?"

Cassie's eyes were blank. She nodded, "He drank from someone, but it wasn't me. He was covered in blood, too much blood to survive a feeding like that."

Cole swallowed hard, as his sister pulled out of his grip and disappeared behind the doors. The guards were absent. Cole didn't realize it until he was standing alone in the hall. Cole glanced back and forth knowing he'd be reprimanded for being there so late if he was spotted. Something was wrong. Where were the guards? In all the time he'd been here, Cole had never seen them abandon their post.

Something bad was going on. That much he knew, and Cole would do everything he could to find out what.

Chapter 9

Kahli clung tightly to Will as they moved over the frozen ground on the back of the battered bike. Snowflakes made it nearly impossible to see, but they also covered their tracks. A storm had passed through while they were in the cave. Will steered them toward the nearest safe house. He asked Kahli for directions, but she couldn't always tell exactly where they were. Will kept going, urging the bike forward. Somehow he knew where the safe house was located, which meant he was either a hell of a guesser or he'd been there before.

When they dismounted and dragged the bike inside, Kahli unwrapped a scarf from her frozen face. "So," she asked, as she cranked on the generator in the darkness, "How long were you following me?"

Will stood behind her motionless. Her hair fell across her shoulders in soft, flame-red waves. Thinking about it, he said, "Is there an answer I can give you that won't piss you off?"

The lights made a buzzing sound before they finally turned on. The darkness flickered like an old movie, until the bulbs blazed bright. Kahli turned toward Will with her hands on her hips, lips pursed. She didn't like the idea that someone had been following her and she didn't realize it. How long had Will been there? How many times did he save her? His appearance at the Empire Safe House wasn't a coincidence. She knew that now, but why was he following her? Why did he help her? It wasn't until she saw him, talked to him, and fought next to him that he trapped her. And sold her, she thought. What the hell was he doing? Why let her go every other time and capture her then?

They were hidden in a safe house that was only a hundred miles, possibly less, from the palace. It was a crazy location that no one ever used. It was too close to vamp central. That meant there were still supplies left.

"Probably not," she gave a weak lopsided grin and took a deep breath. Her hands slid off her hips, "I just don't know what to make of you. Sometimes you seem like a good guy, but other times you seem like them. I just wish I knew." Maybe she shouldn't have said that out loud. It sounded more like a confession than a wish. Her voice sounded flat, like he'd disappointed her.

Will watched her intently, he was always watching her. "What difference does it make?" he finally asked.

"I can't tell which side you're on," she confessed. Turning toward him, her emerald eyes met his and then glanced away. She pushed her long hair out of her face as she spoke, "That makes me insane for taking you here, but it appears you've already been here." Kahli fell silent, her thoughts swirling in her mind until she latched onto the one that was bothering her the most. "You're playing both sides, aren't you? From day one, I didn't know what to make of you. You saved me from one wolf and threw me to another. Then, the stuff at the palace and with the King," her hand drifted to her throat, pressing on the thin white scar that was still on her neck. Calling it "stuff" and not naming what the King had wanted to do to her made it more bearable. Kahli sucked in a deep breath and glanced at him.

"There are things I can't say," Will's voice was soft, apologetic. His blue eyes held hers for a moment and he breathed, "I wish I could."

"I don't understand."

"I can't explain it to you," he said, stepping nearer to her. Will looked down at her beautiful face, wishing he could say more, but it wasn't possible.

"Can't or won't?" She held his gaze, searching for the lie. Kahli had to know the truth, she had to know who he was fighting for, but the blood runes hid that from her.

"Can't." Will brushed his hand along her cheek. Kahli's heartbeat increased at his touch, the breath she was about to take remained locked behind her lips. "I wish I could, but there are measures that prevent certain things."

Kahli wanted to close her eyes and lean into his hand, but her mind fought her body. His replies were always masked and this one was very convenient. Will didn't seem like he was lying, but she'd seen him with the vamps. He was one of them. The vampires were as certain of Will as she was, and yet here he was with her. There was a small voice in the back of her mind suggesting that his true name might not even be real. There was no way to know unless she gave it to someone who could use it against him. Kahli sighed and pulled away.

Will's gaze followed her across the room, but he didn't move. He didn't offer explanation or apology, even though Kahli wanted both.

Finally, Will asked, "What was this place?" His blue eyes lifted upward, taking in the tall metal ceiling above him. They'd entered through the side of a hill covered in snow and ice. There was a crack, like the ice had snapped centuries ago. It was large enough to walk through. They followed the crack inside the hill, which took them to a door. The metal building was inside, buried beneath the snow.

Kahli glanced at him as she crossed the room. "I think it was a tornado shelter. Most of the safe houses were fallout shelters of some sort. You know, most have typical concrete walls and metal furniture - very homey."

Nothing was warm in this room. No place felt like home. It would be nice to stop running and stay somewhere, but that was a life Kahli couldn't even fathom. It was also a life that Will offered, if they managed to assassinate the King and Queen. Kahli fished out a few silver packets from the pantry. "Would you like freeze-dried packet A or this delicious looking packet with a C?"

"Is C for cookie?" Will asked.

"Or cat," Kahli replied, glancing between him and the packets of food.

Walking toward her, Will took the A packet and flipped it over in his hands. There were no other markings. "Seriously, what's the difference?"

Kahli shrugged, "Well, that one is way more disgusting than this one. Good luck with that." She turned and grabbed a bottle of water and swallowed the food without chewing. Will watched her, still holding his packet in his palms. Kahli glanced at him out of the corner of her eye, "What?"

He shook his head, "Nothing. It's just - " What was he supposed to say? Sorry I left you alone for so long that you no longer chew your food? Part of her was wild and always would be. Kahli was part wolf and would destroy anything that threatened her. From the look in her eye, he knew that she wasn't sure of him. Will wondered if he'd go to sleep one night and awake with a knife in his neck. She had no reason to trust him. Offering what he did was too little, too late. She'd been through too much and when Kahli eventually found out the rest of his deplorable past... his heart sank. That day would suck. She'd blame him. He knew she would.

Kahli arched an eyebrow at him and chugged another gulp of water. "You're having a conversation in your head again, aren't you?"

Will smiled, "Not really. The other voices aren't chiming in this time. Just the shrilly old man that keeps telling me to kiss you." Will laughed and pulled out a metal chair from the table. Kahli was sitting on the tabletop, her legs dangling off the side. "He seems to think getting punched in the head would be very exciting."

She choked, laugher bubbling up from her belly. Kahli leaned over and punched him on the arm lightly. "How was it for you?" she laughed.

Will looked at her. For once, she seemed happy. It wouldn't last long, and for that he was sorry, but it was the way things were. There wasn't much that could be changed, until Kahli realized what she had to do. The question was, would she do it? Will leaned forward and ran his fingers through his hair, breathing deeply. He placed his foil packet on the table, untouched.

Kahli poked the freeze-dried food. "Coward," she goaded.

Will glanced up at her, "No, Bane. And, since I don't have to eat as much as you, I'm not going to."

"Well, then, stuff it in your pocket or something. It's already been a day since we left the palace. And you haven't eaten anything. Plus you nearly died. I would have thought you'd be hungry by now."

He shook his head, "Nope. I had enough blood, rather recently, to overcome my freeze-dried food needs." Kahli looked down at him.

The way that white suit clung to her drove him crazy. Will tried not to look at her, but it wasn't working. Kahli was impossible to ignore. When he mentioned blood, the smile slipped from her face. Will took the moment to press her. "We need to discuss the Queen."

Kahli glanced at him out of the corner of her eye, her fingers drifting to her throat. She nodded and slipped off the tabletop and onto a chair, across from Will. "But the King - "

"The King is secondary at this point. He should be removed from the equation before we even step foot in the palace. The Queen won't let him get away with all the things he's done. The Purging was his only gift. The other things, the other girls, were stolen. Each and every human belongs to the Queen. Although she plays the part well, she is stronger than the King. Stronger than the Regent. That's why she's maintained her throne for so long."

"How is it that you're able to speak of this, but not other things?" She sounded curious, not angry.

"It's information that wasn't sworn to secrecy. Most of the servants in the palace know what I'm going to tell you, they just wouldn't have found a crazy wild girl, and armed her, to kill off the royal family."

"And you are?"

"That's the plan," he grinned.

"And people say I'm the crazy one. What makes you think I can do anything? I couldn't even hold you off." Kahli looked discouraged, her shoulders slumping as she looked away.

Will's stomach twisted with guilt. "There was a reason for that." Kahli straightened in her chair and looked at him. He didn't want to say it, but she had to know the reason why she lost those fights when she first arrived at the palace. "I used your name. If I hadn't, you would have beaten me. I cheated."

Kahli didn't move. Her green gaze locked with his, her jaw tightening as she clenched it shut. "You cheated?" Her voice was too calm. It made his heart race faster. Stepping toward him, her emerald eyes locked with his. Kahli's open hand connected with the side of his face in a satisfying slap. The sound bounced off the walls. Will didn't flinch when her hand connected. There was something in his eyes that made her hold back before ripping his head off. Arms tense at her sides, Kahli was so mad she could barely form a sentence, "That's not cheating. That's being a vampire, Will." She searched his face wanting to find something that wasn't there. Breathing hard, she glared at him, "This is what bothers me about you. You said you wouldn't use my real name and then you did. You must have made me forget, because I sure don't remember. And then - " the pitch of her voice continually rose until it entered squeaky territory, "you tell me! How could you do that and tell me!"

"You needed to know," Will said flatly, opening his hands like he was being reasonable.

Kahli laughed like a crazy person. "I needed to know, so you told me. Of course. That makes sense. Why else would you tell me?"

"Kahli - " Will tried to speak over her, his voice reassuring, but she didn't feel reassured.

"So, how many times did you use my name? How many times did you compel me to do something I didn't want to do?" Kahli pushed back from the table and stood. She turned her back to him and closed her eyes.

"Kahli, I did it when I had no other choice. The first night you were there, when you stabbed me, you were going to get yourself killed. I couldn't allow it. I'm sorry. One promise superseded another, and I had to. And as for the other time, compelling you not to die was different."

Kahli looked over her shoulder at him. There was a softness to his features that was usually hidden, an insecurity in his eyes that swallowed her whole. Kahli wanted to believe him. His actions kept her alive. She was in over her head that night and she knew if he hadn't subdued her, that the Queen would have destroyed her. That night she didn't care if she died. The idea of living amongst vampires was deplorable. Kahli couldn't fathom it. But her time with Cassie and Will had turned into something else. That existence wasn't what she thought it would be. She had friends now.

Kahli was no longer alone.

Will expected her to do something drastic, like bite off his head, verbally or literally - it was hard to tell with her - but Kahli seemed to deflate. The longer she stood there thinking, the more the tension flowed out of her body. Eventually her eyes met his again, the anger gone.

When she didn't speak, he said, "I'm sorry I did that to you. I shouldn't have used your name."

"Compelling me not to die seemed like it was a good plan, especially since I wouldn't listen." Kahli's arms folded over her chest, her anger fading. "It made sense then, but it doesn't anymore. Tell me what I need to know. Don't expect me to blindly follow you, because I can't. And, now, if you say my name again for any reason, whatever relationship we have is over."

Instead of asking the obvious, Will caught on the thread Kahli never wanted to acknowledge. "What is our relationship, exactly?"

A chill sprang from her stomach. Kahli stepped back, as Will tilted his head and looked up at her. "I'm seriously asking you. Based on everything you said, and everything that's happened, I have no clue where we stand. You have no reason to believe anything I say, and yet - you're still here."

He was right. Her actions made no sense. "Our relationship doesn't matter," Kahli finally said. Kahli watched him, his blue eyes locked with hers.

His voice brushed against her mind, whispering to her. It matters to me. Kahli wondered if he knew that she heard him. She pressed her lips together and looked away.

"I mean," she offered, correcting herself, "what we call it doesn't matter."

"How many rules are you willing to break?" The pitch of his voice, the intensity of his gaze made her heart lurch. Kahli could feel her body being pulled to his like a magnet. She took a step back, but Will took a step closer.

"As many as it takes to win." She stepped back again. The room was large and sparsely furnished. Will advanced every time he spoke and Kahli retreated in response.

"You're all about winning," he grinned, stepping toward her.

"I'm all about surviving," she corrected, stepping away.

"What about living?" he asked, advancing again. "When does that matter?"

"Surviving is living," she said, and stepped back.

Will stepped toward her, "No, it's not. It means running, hiding. It means no friends, no home, no hope. Tomorrow's a promise you don't have."

"Oh, and you do?"

Will nodded. When Kahli's back hit the wall, Will reached for her. "As long as you're here, I do."

Kahli's heart felt like it was going explode. She knew Will could feel her panic mingling with the lust swimming through her veins. There was something about him, something that called to her and she couldn't ignore it - the way his eyes drank her in, the way his lips curved into a perfect grin when he saw her. If he was human, she would have wanted him. The again, if Will was human they wouldn't be in this mess. If Will was human, they'd both be dead.

Kahli took a steadying breath. "What do you want from me?" He was so close, Will's body nearly brushing against hers. They were a breath apart.

"There's a rule you need to be willing to break for our plan to work."

She couldn't breathe, "Which rule?" Will couldn't mean what she thought. Her mind protested his proximity, but as Kahli breathed him in, her arms refused to push him away. She pressed her palms to the wall at her sides to keep from touching him. Everything she'd ever learned was eradicated and blasted away. Every lesson her mother drilled into her head, every prejudice she held against the vampires, against their kind vanished. For a moment, he was just Will and she was just Kahli.

His dark gaze pinned her in place. "You know which rule."

Chapter 10

The following sunrise, things at the palace went crazy. The new dusting of snow covered the events from the day before, but Cassie knew too much. She remembered the King entering her room and dragging her from her bed the night before. It had taken forever for her to drift off to sleep. Kahli hadn't returned and neither had her other roommates. Every single one of them went to the King's chambers and didn't come back.

Cole found his sister as early as possible, and beckoned her into the main sitting area. The white couches were empty. The drapes covering the windows were pulled back, revealing the early morning sunlight. It poured into the room giving the illusion that it wasn't freezing cold outside. At one time the world was a beautiful place. At one time there were seasons and trees and life. Now everything was a glittering tomb.

Her brother was dressed neatly, as usual. Cassie barely had time to pull on a pair of jeans and a sweater. She was always cold, always shivering. As they sat, she wrung her fingers, twisting them in her hands trying to get warm. Cole watched her, and when she didn't stop, he pulled out a pair of thin gloves from his pocket. He handed them to her. Cassie gratefully accepted them and slid the fabric over her hands. They were instantly warmer.

"Thank you," she said. "You always know what to do."

"I'm not so sure, this time, Cass." In hushed tones, Cole and Cassie whispered. Cole filled in the pieces of information that were missing from Cassie's mind. Eventually he said, "The Queen will want to speak to you, you know. She'll find out that the King went to your chamber, and she won't overlook the fact that every single one of the girls was one of your roommates. She'll think you know something."

Cassie nodded, fearing as much. Her curls bobbed forward, swinging into her face. She tucked them back and looked up at her brother. "I know. I'm the last one who saw anything."

He nodded, "And, you're the only proof that the King was consuming blood last night. I seriously doubt that he left a blood trail for them to follow. He's too smart to get caught. If I hadn't seen you - "

Cassie stared blankly ahead at the dark blue walls, only half listening. She blurted out the question lurking in the back of her mind, the one she was too afraid to ask, "Do you think they're dead?" Her voice caught on the word making her heart constrict.

Cole looked at his sister. Death was a part of life. Their kind dealt with it frequently. A simple paper cut could end their fragile existence. But, no one expected anything like this. Palace humans didn't get brutalized by the royalty. "I don't know."

Alice entered the room and passed in front of them. She wandered through the halls like she was lost. Cassie felt bad for the girl and called to her, "What's the matter, Alice?"

Alice stopped, surprised to hear her name and turned back. She walked over to them and stood in front of Cassie and Cole. Her normally pale skin was sullen and sickly looking. It reminded Cassie of a bleached sock. Alice usually had a little color in her cheeks, but it was gone. The girl looked like she was in shock. "They pushed up my Pairing." Alice's voice was barely there and devoid of emotion.

Cassie's jaw dropped. She leaned forward and took the girl's hand. "Alice, when is it?"

"Tonight." Before Cassie could ask her more about it, Alice turned and wandered off. The lost expression in her eyes was shock. Alice had been chosen to be bred for offspring.

Cassie and Cole looked at each other. For a long moment, neither of them spoke. Then, Cassie finally asked, "Who'd they pair her with?"

"I don't know," Cole replied. "I left before breakfast to come and find you. This is the first I've heard of it." Cole didn't like this. Something changed last night, something big enough to force up a premature Pairing.

"She's not ready for that. It'll kill her," Cassie said, leaning closer to Cole to make sure Alice couldn't hear. Alice was staggering down the hallway letting shock steer her feet. They could still see her from where they sat on the couch.

Cole nodded, "We need to find out what's going on. The Queen's entourage moved through the palace last night, so it was hard to sneak around. I was lucky to find you after the King questioned you, but I didn't really find anything else. Just that several vamps died, and that those moving around were looking for the missing girls. They were in our chambers, looking for Kahli and the other two, as if they were hiding."

Cassie stared blankly. She wished that was it, but her gut told her something very different. She gazed after Alice. "Do you think they bumped up other the Pairings? Do you think they would really risk one generation to breed the next?" Cassie's voice was small and frightened.

Cole knew he couldn't save her from the Pairing. It was something they all had to do eventually, but it was worse for the girls. Many of them didn't survive childbirth, despite the vast quantities of blood given to help alleviate the hemorrhaging that followed. The blood disorder was too far gone.

"I don't know," he finally said. "Whatever happened here last night has everyone on edge. It feels like a power shift is coming."

"What do you mean?"

Cole stared blankly. He didn't want to say it, but Cassie needed to know that they were in danger. "Remember when we were younger? Remember Deliverance Day?"

Cassie's face paled. She'd never forget that. It seemed like nothing at first - some people running around trying to figure out what happened, while she and Cole played quietly. The night ended in more spilled blood than she'd ever seen in her life. The Deliverance Day Cole was referring to was a massacre. She nodded once, her throat too tight to talk. Cole saved her that night. "Do you think that'll happen here?"

"I'm not sure," Cole replied, "but based on the way things feel - yes. It's possible." The tension in the air was palpable. They both sensed it.

Cassie's gaze lifted to see the end of the hallway was empty. Alice was gone. Cassie didn't want to be Paired. She didn't want to die. Not yet. She leaned forward and pressed her hands to her face. Strange thoughts started to drift through her mind, foreign thoughts of living on their own of surviving without the vampires. Was that even possible anymore?

"Cassie," a new voice called her name, snapping her out of her thoughts. A slender servant walked toward her before finishing, "The Queen has requested you."

"For a feeding?" Cassie asked, hoping that it had nothing to do with Kahli.

"I'm not obligated to say, however since I'm not your Handler, I would think not."

Cassie's throat tightened and her pulse jumped. She nodded slowly. Before she could stand, Cole took her hand and gave it a gentle squeeze. Cassie gave him a weak smile. "I'll see you tonight."

He nodded once, watching his sister walk off to be questioned by the most powerful vampire in the world.

Chapter 11

Sophia was agitated. Nothing was going the way she planned. When she tried to drink Kahli's blood, she could barely manage a drop, however her husband managed to swallow it fine with his throat still intact. That made Sophia ask for more, but the same thing happened. Every time she tried to drink Kahli's blood, it scorched her throat and caused a series of very uncomfortable sensations. It was like drinking toxins and her body couldn't tolerate it. The King had said to give it time, but he managed his share without issue. Sophia continued to request tastings without her husband, trying to build up her tolerance to the blood, but it was for nothing. And, now the girl was missing, and the King's rooms were filled with freshly spilled blood.

Sophia looked around his room. The scent of the wild girl's blood filled her nose like rich perfume. It made her feel lightheaded. Sophia smoothed her blue silk gown and stood, waiting. When Kahli could not be located, Sophia requested her roommates.

When the servant returned with only one girl, the Queen's expression was frigid. Her gaze narrowed on Cassie, on her pale face and tiny hands. "Where are the others?"

"Gone, your Majesty. We could not find them." The servant bowed low to the ground, her face nearly touching the blood-stained carpet.

"And my husband?" Sophia asked, before indicating the servant could rise.

"We have not found him, yet. There are multiple guards missing as well and a dead vampire in the garage." The servant's voice shook as she spoke.

"In addition to the King's guard?" Sophia inquired.

"Yes, your Majesty."

Sophia pinched the bridge of her nose with her delicate fingers. Cassie's frightened heartbeat was distracting her. She could hear it pounding inside the girl like a terrified mouse. If her roommates hadn't just been slaughtered, the Queen would have drained her then and there, but there were too many humans missing. They made up nearly a quarter of her blood supply.

"Sit," Sophia commanded, directing her attention back to Cassie.

Cassie had been brought to the King's chambers. It was a mess. Cassie scanned the room looking for a chair that wasn't stained with blood or broken. Promptly, she sat on the floor at the Queen's feet since there was no place else to sit.

Sophia sighed and snapped her fingers at one of her guards. "Get her a chair." The vamp disappeared and came back quickly with a small bench in his hands. He set it down next to Cassie.

Cassie repositioned herself on the bench and tried to look anywhere but at the Queen. Her attempt was pointless. They knew her real name. The vamps named her, so of course they knew it. That made compulsion easy for even the weakest vampire, and the Queen was not weak. Compulsion had been used on Cassie many times over the years, and she hated it more and more each time. It felt like her mind was stripped away and nothing was safe. It was like sitting outside in the snow and ice, nak*d, and hoping not to freeze to death. Harm came to people who were compelled too much. Their minds snapped like brittle twigs frozen in the ice for too many lifetimes. But, there was no way out of this.

Cassie folded her hands in her lap and tried to remain calm. The amount of blood in the room, the smears of dark red across the tile at the back of the room, made her feel sick. Was that Kahli's blood? Was her friend dead?

The Queen snapped her fingers next to Cassie's ear. The sound startled her, bringing her back to the present. The Queen repeated herself, "Where are your roommates?"

"I don't know, Your Majesty. They didn't return last night. The King beckoned each of them. They were dressed and left."

Sophia arched a dark brow. After a moment, she asked, "Kahli included?"

"Yes, she was the last to leave."

Sophia's delicate fingers tapped her chin as she thought. She turned her back on Cassie and paced the room, her gaze taking in the broken items, as well as the stains. The Queen's blue gown billowed around her ankles as she walked, fluttering out slightly when she turned, showing off perfect shoes on her tiny feet. Without facing Cassie, Sophia asked. "Did you see the King last night?"

Cassie hesitated. Sophia rounded on her swiftly, pressing her nose to Cassie's. "Yes," Cassie's voice quivered. She couldn't remember what they'd spoken about, but Cole had filled her in. Cassie wanted to protect Cole, so she didn't mention he was there. As long as Sophia didn't ask, she wouldn't know.

"Tell me what happened. Leave out one detail and I'll cleave you in half."

Cassie blanched. The Queen's breath came out in a rush, as Cassie started to retell what happened according to Cole. Sophia listened, pacing in circles with her hand under her chin, her gaze on the floor.

When she finished, Sophia asked, "And what do you think? Is your friend dead? Look around this room and tell me what your gut is telling you. Did she survive whatever happened here?"

Cassie glanced around, her eyes unable to rest in a single spot. There was a fight, that much she was sure of. The smears in the back of the room looked like someone was dragged, but the broken table and the way the bloodstains were littered across the carpet did give her an impression. "She fought back, and I would think she got away too, because of the dead guard at the door. Kahli wouldn't have killed him on the way into the room."

"And what of William? Did you see him last night? Do you think he aided her?"

Cassie shook her head, her blonde curls swaying as she did it. "No. Will doesn't fight like this. If this was his mess, no one would have found it." The Queen's dark brow lifted. "It would have been cleaned up before sunrise."

"So he did something else, and then fled along with Kahli?"

"I didn't say that," Cassie blanched. "You think Will attacked the King and kidnapped Kahli? That doesn't sound like him at all. He's served you forever. He defends you when people speak poorly of you. He risked his life the night your brother gifted Kahli to you. She stabbed him and he didn't even fight back. Will could have punched Kahli in the face and knocked her out. He didn't. Other Handlers would have. He knew what she was and how much she meant to you. Will's no traitor."

The Queen stared at Cassie, as she spoke. Her lips formed a thin line, as she listened to this little twit defend her most faithful servant. When the girl finished, Cassie realized that she spoke too freely, too plainly. Cassie lowered her gaze and bowed, saying, "Forgive me. I meant no disrespect, my Queen. You asked for my gut impression and that was it. Whatever happened here, Will was not involved."

Sophia stopped in front of the girl and bent at the waist. Taking Cassie's chin in her hand, Sophia tilted Cassie's face up. When the frightened girl met her gaze, Sophia asked, "Then, where is he?"

Chapter 12

Kahli swallowed hard. Looking up at Will, she said firmly, fighting to control her voice, "I don't know what you mean."

Will stepped back. His dark gaze left hers, as he glanced at the floor, and then at his hands. This was insane. Even saying it sounded too surreal, but it was necessary before they returned to the palace. He breathed deeply and looked up at her. Their connection was weak. It needed to be stronger. They needed to douse the King's pull on her. No matter what he did, Will would lose her if the King got to Kahli and Will wasn't there to protect her. This request was like putting a piece of glass in the way. It was an invisible barrier that would shatter when pressed hard enough, but it would slow the King down, and that was all Will could hope for.

Will pressed his lips together, deciding that the best thing to do was to say it directly. He glanced up at Kahli, his heart hammering in his chest. "There's a rule forbidding vampires from drinking directly from humans. No single vampire can be pair-bonded to a single human. The Queen forbids it. It weakens the humans too quickly and there aren't many left who can endure a direct bite and live."

Kahli's chest rose and fell as he spoke. The room felt warmer than it was. What was he saying? She didn't want to leap to the conclusion. Shaking her head, she stiffened, folding her arms over her chest and squeezing tight. "Why are you telling me this? What rule do you want to break, Will? You've already had my blood and I had yours. We're bonded, which I'm pretty sure means you're dead if we don't kill the Queen."

Will smiled forlornly, but he didn't step toward her. "The King drank directly from you, but you haven't been bonded to him. Yet. He will force it on you, as soon as you're within reach. If that happens, Kahli - there's nothing I can do to save you. You'll be his."

She blanched as Will spoke. He tried to maintain eye contact, but she looked away. Kahli's fingers were clutching her arms so hard that her knuckles paled and turned as white as her bodysuit. Finally, she asked, "And if we break a rule, it can prevent that?" Will nodded. "What rule?"

"The same one the King broke."

Kahli's jaw twitched. "What are you saying?"

Will watched her from across the room. He didn't want to force her, but he felt like she was going to run. Or fight. He didn't want to fight her anymore. "We need to work together or we'll die. You do understand that, right? No matter which way this pile of crap tumbles, you and I are screwed." She nodded. There were too many people who knew of her, of her blood, and every one of them would kill Will to get to her. "If you let me drink directly from you, if my fangs pierce your neck, it will - "

She flinched, "What? Your fangs? You don't - " but before she could finish talking, she knew she was wrong. Her heart hammered against her ribs, as she watched his lips part.

He smiled at her again, but it was the kind of smile that hid heartbreak. "Bane were created to drain humans. Of course I have fangs. The Queen's edict keeps me from using them." As he spoke, Kahli could see his white eyeteeth extend. They were sharper than any wolf's fang, extending into a narrow, lethal point.

The hair on the back of her neck prickled. Will doesn't eat. He barely sleeps. He has fangs. Her jaw hung open. Shock and disgust swam across her face.

"Don't look at me like you didn't know what I was," he sounded offended. "You've known more than anyone from the beginning. I told you exactly what I was."

Kahli's hand was over her mouth. She tried not to breathe. She tried to sound rational and process his request. "How will biting me help?"

He stepped toward her, "It will diminish the King's claim on you. It was an incomplete bond. And..." his voice trailed off.

"And," Kahli prompted.

"And, it will permanently bond us. I'll be yours. You'll be able to hear me, feel me, and know without any doubt if my intentions are good or not. And you'll be mine. Another vampire cannot claim you, as long as I live." Kahli was breathing hard, staring at him. She couldn't have been more shocked, if he hit her in the face with a bear. "It's the best protection I can offer you."

"But you're a Bane," she finally spit out. "You can't do that. Can you?"

"I don't see why not. I can't say that I've ever tried, but I'm a mortal vampire. It stands to reason that I could claim you. It would weaken the King's hold on you. It would make it possible to kill Sophia and the King, without worrying about the King claiming you for himself."

Kahli shook her head slowly. "I can't. I can't give away the little freedom I have left." The way her eyes lingered on his mouth made him brave. Will walked toward her slowly, carefully.

"But, there are other rules you would break, aren't there?" He stopped in front of her and glanced down into her face. Kahli couldn't look away. Will captivated her, making every inch of her skin prickle, demanding his touch. His breath fell warm and soft on her lips, and she wished his lips were there. Kahli wished he'd press his mouth to hers. Will's hands lifted to her face, gently brushing against the smooth skin on her cheeks. "Tell me when to stop. Tell me where the line is and I won't cross it."

Will lowered his lips to hers, pressing gently. Kahli didn't move. She didn't pull away, she didn't speak. She stood perfectly still, feeling his mouth on hers. Will blinked slowly, feeling the floor of his stomach fall away, as he deepened the kiss, learning the curves of her mouth, tasting her. Kahli's heart pounded harder, but she didn't push him away. She let him kiss her, as her fingers twitched at her sides, wanting to tangle in his hair.

Will pulled Kahli closer, feeling her body press against his. His hands slipped down her bodysuit, feeling the curve of her narrow waist and full hips. "Should I stop?" he breathed, breaking the kiss. His sapphire eyes met hers. Kahli couldn't speak. She should say, Yes, but she couldn't. Her eyes locked on his, and she wanted his mouth on her, again. Kahli shook her head gently, and Will continued to kiss her until her knees buckled.

They were both breathing hard when Will stopped and scooped her up in his arms. He kissed the side of Kahli's face, trailing kisses down her neck. When she didn't say anything, he asked, "Is this the line?" He kissed her neck gently, barely pressing his lips to her skin, making her shiver.

Kahli's eyes felt heavy. She wanted to lose herself in him. She wanted everything he offered her, and more. When his fangs scraped down the side of her neck, she went rigid in his arms. It didn't matter that he covered her in kisses. It was a jarring reminder that she was human and he was not.

"Will, don't," she breathed. Her arm was around his neck, her fingers in his dark hair. They both froze, Will held onto her, refusing to release the moment.

"I won't," he answered, his voice ragged. "I'd never force you." He leaned his forehead against her cheek for a moment, before saying, "I never thought this would happen. I tried so hard to keep you away from them, to protect you, and I completely failed. And now this..." He set her down, but before he could step away, Kahli took his wrists.

"What about this?" When he didn't answer, she squeezed his hands and said, "Will, this isn't your fault."

"This is totally my fault. I was supposed to stay away. I was supposed to protect you. I was supposed to get you to your...," he trailed off. "I'm not supposed to keep you for myself." He pulled his hands away and rubbed his face. Looking at her, Will smiled softly, "You're not mine, but I wish you were. I can't hide it, not now that we've - " He turned form her, not finishing the thought. "I've made too many mistakes."

Kahli reached out and took his hand. Will glanced at their fingers, as she wove them together, and then pulled their hands up into her face. "I don't know what this is, but it isn't a mistake."

Will was looking into her eyes. The bottomless lakes of blue peered back at her unconvinced. Before he could say anything, her fingers lifted to touch his lips. She trailed the pad of her finger across his mouth slowly before saying, "Show me."

Will's response to her was automatic. His body knew what she meant, what she wanted. He tensed as his fangs descended in front of her. Lifting her finger, she touched a smooth white tooth, dragging her finger across the needle-sharp tip. Will closed his eyes as she did it, careful not to move. When Kahli was done, she placed her hands on the side of his face and turned him toward her.

"Why do you pretend to be human?" she asked sadly.

Will smiled wanly. "Why do you hate vampires?"

"They're not like you." She smiled at him like she meant it, like she wanted him to believe it.

"We're more alike than you realize," he said, looking away.

Kahli took his face in her hands and tilted it up so she could see his eyes, "The Bane may be, but you - Will Tatum - are not."

Will's breath caught in his throat. The way her hands felt on him, the way they brought his runes to life, burning beneath his skin was intoxicating. Kahli made him feel more alive, and more secure, than he'd ever felt in his entire life. It wasn't just her endless curves and bright hair - it was her wit, the way she made him laugh, and the way he felt whole around her. So much of him was gone. Will never thought he'd feel this much for one person. He wanted to protect her. Will wanted things for her, things he couldn't give. Kahli was everything he wanted and everything he couldn't have. Before he could do something stupid beyond repair, Will looked away. He forced the moment to shatter and Kahli's hands slipped from his cheeks. Her absence was felt at his core.

Chapter 13

Cole walked back to the men's quarters and found the other guys huddled in the corner. There were no guards, but the nervous chatter was hushed. As he walked up behind them, he heard one thin guy named Chaucer asking, "And they think we'll just do this? And that the girls will let us?"

Cole's heart sank. Plural, Chaucer said girls, meaning more than one, and from the way they were acting, they were talking about the Pairing. Apparently, Alice wasn't the only one who got her date pushed up.

Cole sat on the arm of the couch. The conversation didn't stop with his arrival. Cole seldom spoke, so when he opened his mouth to say something, everyone looked at him, "How many were chosen?"

Brent, another dark haired, skinny guy looked at him like he was crazy. "Wrong question. You should be asking who'd they pair you with? Every single one of us was paired. Dates for Pairings are listed on the front board. Didn't you see it?"

Cole shook his head. "No, I didn't."

Chaucer cut in, "Well, you won't have to worry about it. You pair's one that has gone missing."

"Hey, maybe she saw it was you and ran away," a deep voice laughed. They all turned and looked at Brent who shrugged his shoulders and said, "Ah, forget it. You guys are taking this way too seriously. Normally, they expect us to keep our hands to ourselves. Now, they tell us that we don't have to, and actually give us a girl, and we're complaining?" He laughed. "You all are nuts. I'm looking forward to it."

Cole's stomach suddenly felt like it was filled with acid. The way all the other guys watched Brent, and avoided Cole's gaze when the guy spoke, it made him feel sick. "Who've you been Paired with?" he asked, even though he already knew.

"Your sister," Brent beamed. "I hope she fights back, so I can tie her down." Brent's smile was quickly shattered by Cole's fist.

Before he knew what happened, Cole sprang from the couch, grabbed Brent's shirtfront and swung. When his fist connected with the guy's face, Cole felt something crunch under his hand, but that wasn't good enough. Brent shrieked, as blood poured from his nose like water from a spigot. In that moment, Cole didn't care if the wound was fatal, no one could talk about Cassie like that. Before Cole could land another hit, the rest of the guys were pulling them apart.

Chaucer hissed, "Stop it! Both of you! The guards are godknowswhere and all this means something. We don't have enough time as it is, and if we don't figure this out now, we never will. Curfew was bumped up, and you know the rules for the Pairing - they'll isolate us until it's over. So, stop acting like we have the luxury of time, because we don't!" Chaucer's thin frame was huffing hard by the time he finished scolding Cole and Brent.

Cole backed away from Brent, but he'd never forget what he said. That guy wasn't going to touch Cassie. Cole just didn't know how to prevent it. He literally had a couple of hours to figure it out. Then they'd all be in lock down. Cassie would be raped.

Cole felt sick, like he couldn't keep the contents in his stomach, but his face was blank. Brent's nose continued to gush blood, until they finally forced him to go to the infirmary. Without Brent, the conversation carried on until everyone knew that blood had spilled last night. They still didn't know how much, or whose, but it was agreed that all this strife had originated with Kahli.

Chaucer remained hunched over, sitting on the table in front of the couch, with his head in his hands. "So what do we do? Try to run? Let them stud us out? I don't know about you guys, but I actually like one of those girls, and it's not the one they Paired me with."

A few heads nodded in agreement. Chaucer looked to Cole, "I won't let him touch her."

Cole realized who it was he cared for. Cassie. Cole nodded once, acknowledging him, thankful that someone else was looking after his sister. "Two people protecting Cassie will help, but it won't stop Brent. It won't stop any of this. The vamps have the power and as long as they have it, we've got no say in anything." Cole cracked his knuckles and stood.

"Don't you want to know who they paired you with?" a voice asked. Cole turned toward him, and started to shake his head, but the guy kept talking, "It would have been, Kahli. They made you guys the power couple."

Cole couldn't help it. He laughed. Shaking his head, he said, "They couldn't have picked a worse Pairing. Hardly anything is certain anymore, but there's one thing I know beyond a shadow of a doubt."

Chaucer asked, "Yeah? What's that?""

"She would have killed me."

Chapter 14

Kahli felt Will pull away, and the small window to his soul that had slipped open, closed. She felt it slam shut, blocking her from seeing whatever secrets he had hidden. His suggestion to let him bite her was so outlandish that she couldn't fathom it, but the more Kahli thought about it, the more frightened she became about the King.

Fear wasn't something that Kahli was used to. Sure she felt it, but she didn't let it dominate her and she wasn't about to start now. Thinking about it, Kahli picked through Will's suggestion trying to figure out what part she was reacting to the worst. It wasn't a stupid idea, in fact it was brilliant, but Kahli couldn't fathom belonging to someone else. Even now, the King could feel her and sense her thoughts to some extent. The idea made her skin crawl. If Will's bite would keep the King out of her mind, was it worth it?

Kahli rested in the metal bed, staring up at the ceiling. She didn't bother airing out the cot mattresses. Instead, she threw a blanket over the springs to keep the metal twists from pulling her hair and lay down. Will was across the room, hunched over the table, in the dark. He found a lantern and a brittle old book that he was reading, slowly turning one page at a time. She tried not to watch him, but when a page cracked and fell out of the spine, he looked so boyish. The paper dangled in his fingers for a moment, and when he tried to press it back into the book, but the page crumbled like an old egg shell.

Kahli turned her face back toward the concrete ceiling, wondering what tomorrow would look like. Ever since she was little, there was no tomorrow. Will was right about that. As long as she was running, as long as they hunted her, she had no life of her own. It was theirs. The vampires stole everything she had and twisted her existence to suit their needs. Kahli was prey being hunted, not a human free to do what she wanted.

Rolling onto her side, she pondered these things - what would her life would look like if she didn't have to run? What would she do every day? Where would she live? Did she want to keep hunting Trackers and spilling more blood? Was there ever enough to satisfy her thirst for vengeance?

There is no such thing as peace, she thought to herself. Peace is for the dead and since I breathe, that is something that will never be mine.

Her gaze lifted to Will, taking in his form. The way he pulled his legs up under him while he read, the slight curve of his shoulders when no one was looking, the way his ring finger tapped his temple - they were things that made him seem human. If she had her days to fill as she chose, would he be a part of them? Allowing him to bite her meant that he would be there as long as he lived. It was a marriage of sorts, one that could not be broken.

Kahli's heart ached. She didn't realize it until that moment. There was no amount of preparation that could have saved her from this. The world was a frigid, lonely place. Did it matter that she found solace in a vampire? Did it matter that he was Bane? She wasn't sure anymore. It wouldn't have made a difference to her parents. A vampire is a vampire. A square is a rectangle, and that sort of logic.

God she missed them. Kahli ran her fingers over her side where her runes covered her skin. There was supposed to be a man, a man to protect her, and share her life. Her parent's selected him when she was born. Allowing this relationship with Will to continue defied everything she'd been taught, and made it explicitly clear that all hope of finding her betrothed was gone. Whoever he was, he vanished like everyone else who'd been important to her.

__

Hours passed, but Kahli wasn't able to sleep. She just laid there staring at the ceiling. The thought of agreeing to Will's request set her nerves on end. She had to do it. Kahli knew that, but she still didn't want to. When she couldn't lay there another second, she sat up. Will was still reading, hunched close to the lantern.

She sat down next to him and said, "There's no other choice, is there?"

Will set the book down and looked up at her. She couldn't read his thoughts, but she could feel a nervous jolt rush through him. Her question startled him. It was so late that she thought she should have waited until morning, after she slept, but Kahli couldn't sleep as long as the question continued to bounce around in her head. The uncertainty was driving her crazy.

"I don't see another option, Kahli. I wish there was." Will swallowed hard, like his throat was dry.

Kahli looked down at her hands on the table top. "What will it do?" She glanced up at him slowly. "How much will you feel? How much will you know?"

"Everything," he breathed. "There will be no secrets, for either of us."

Kahli's eyes drifted to the spot where his runes started under his shirt. She'd wanted to know where they came from, and who gave them to him. If he bit her, she'd know, but that didn't make her happy. She didn't want to learn about him like this. She wanted him to tell her, but Will couldn't. She breathed deeply and leaned forward, resting her face in her hands.

"What secrets do you have left to hide, Kahlahandra?" Will said softly, his hand touching the top of her head. There was no compulsion in his voice, but Kahli still shifted like there was. Her name falling from his lips felt like a caress.

"Nothing you won't pry out of me," she meant it to be light and joking, but it wasn't. It was the crux of the problem. There was a difference between offering and taking.

Will took her hand when it flopped down on the table. "You don't have to do this now. We can wait."

"No, we can't. I left a trail of blood behind me. I wanted to get out of there so badly that I didn't think of what I left behind. Will, I have to go back and get Cassie and Cole. And - "

He cut her off, "And the rest of them. I know."

"There's only one way to do that." She looked up into his eyes.

He shook his head. "Not tonight. Sleep. If you still want to - "

"I don't want to, Will. I'll never want to. I have to. There's no other way to undo what the King has done, and after this, there'll be no way to undo what you've done. It's a necessary evil."

"I see," Will flinched and withdrew his hand.

"I didn't mean it like that," Kahli wanted to scream and yell, but not at Will. It wasn't his fault. Her voice softened after a beat, "I would have wanted to tell you everything. I would have wanted you to know me, but over time. Doing it this way, it's like spilling everything out all at once. You'll see everything. The good and bad," she smirked sadly, "But it's mostly bad."

"I know," he breathed, "I feel the same way. There are things I don't want you to know, not yet." Thing's that you won't fully understand even when you see them. I've kept things from you, things you won't forgive me for doing. His heart sank at the thought and he looked away from her.

Kahli quietly sat across from him, watching his face. Will looked nervously around the room. His gaze drifted from his hands to the walls and finally lifted to meet Kahli's emerald eyes. She smiled at him, "There's no point in waiting, you know. Actually, if the risk with the King is that serious, we should have done it already."

Will's eyes locked with hers. The endless blue pools were hypnotic and she couldn't look away. There was something broken about him, something that called to her. "I know."

"Then, why wait?"

"We shouldn't," Will replied and stood. He walked in front of her and swept her hair away from her neck. Everything from her soft skin to her scent drove him crazy and now she'd know just how much he wanted her - and why he couldn't have her.

His hands cupped her face as he leaned closer, his eyes focused on her lips. Will breathed lightly, his warm breath slipping over her skin. Kahli's body was rigid. The King had torn apart her neck when he drank from her. The memory shot through her mind and it took every ounce of self-restraint not to fight Will.

But he already felt her pulse accelerate and her nervous stomach twist. Will took her hand in his, leaving his other palm on her face. Looking into her eyes, he said, "There's no going back. Are you sure?"

Kahli shivered even though she wasn't cold. Will's fingers slipped down her cheek and rested on her shoulder, just below her neck. That's where he'll bite me. That's where he'll drink, she thought.

Cassie's words came flooding back, roaring through her ears like the girl was standing there saying it. Drinking is like sex, the two are connected.

"Will?" Kahli breathed his name. Every inch of her body longed for his touch and he hadn't bitten her, yet. Would it be worse? Would she be able to control herself? She didn't know how to ask. It was something she hadn't thought of and she didn't know how to deal with it. "I, uh..." she took a deep breath and tried to say it. "I'm kind of attracted to you." Kahli felt Will's lips pull into a smile as she said it.

"And...?" he prompted, as if he already knew that part.

"And, I wanted to know if things will change?" She spoke close to his ear, softly, feeling the warmth of his cheek next to hers. She didn't want to move. She didn't want to expose the flush that colored her face. "Right now, I try to stay away from you. Will I be able to decide what I want after this? Or will it be decided for me?"

Will pressed his face against hers, hugging her, feeling her body against his. "I won't force you to do anything you don't want to do."

"How can I know that?"

"You'll have to trust me. Just like I'll have to trust you not to spill my secrets across the court and get me killed as soon as we walk through the palace door." He sucked in a ragged breath and said, "You'll always have a choice with me, Kahli."

She pulled back and looked into his eyes, melting in them, wanting him in ways she shouldn't. Kahli leaned forward and pressed her lips to his, softly at first, teasing and tasting him with gentle flicks of her tongue. Will's hands slipped down her back, feeling her curves under his palms. When she pulled back, he held his hands on the small of her back, pinning her against him.

Kahli's heart raced harder and faster than it ever had in her life. She nodded her consent and tilted her head to the side, letting her long red hair slip behind her shoulder. Will's hands slid up her back, pressing her closer, holding her tighter. His mouth kissed hers gently, before trailing kisses to her neck. For a moment, he hesitated. Kahli could feel his ragged breaths, the longing within his body. Kahli pressed her eyes closed when she felt the tip of his fang scratch across the surface of her skin. It made something unexpected shoot from her core and fill her body.

She shivered and gasped at the same time. Will didn't move. He didn't bite her and for the first time, she realized that she wanted him to. She wanted to be his. There was something wrong with her. After all this time fighting to be free, Kahli handed herself over the first vampire she saw. Her nails dug into his skin and she pulled Will's head down, tugging his dark hair.

Will's lips pressed against her throat, giving her one delicious kiss at a time. Kahli's head was swimming with thoughts she couldn't control. Will teased her, nipping her neck, but he didn't pierce her skin. Kahli felt something within him, an emotion that she couldn't identify. In a moment, she'd know what it was - she'd know what he was thinking. There would be no more doubt, no more wondering about him. They'd belong to each other in a way that shouldn't have been possible.

Just as Will's control snapped and he opened his mouth to sink his teeth into her neck, something outside exploded. Before anything happened, Will yanked Kahli and spun with her in his arms away from the sound. Breathing hard, they looked at each other. Will's blue eyes were wide. He blinked once and the lust was gone. It took Kahli another moment to collect herself. When the second crash came, it was enough to make her body forget what happened between them.

Will grabbed Kahli's arm and screamed, "Go! We have to go! Now!" Another blast shook the floor and chunks of concrete fell from the ceiling.

Will shoved her toward the door just as part of the wall caved in. Rock slid down and dust formed a powder cloud that filled the room. Kahli gasped for air, glancing back over her shoulder. "Will!" she screamed, trying to see him.

Before she could go back, the side of the hill collapsed. A massive opening appeared. Earth and sunlight poured in like rain. Kahli was momentarily blinded. Holding her hand to her face, she tried to block the sun to see what was happening. As everything settled, she could see someone standing there, right at the rim of the hole. He was a slim black shadow against a blinding array of light. Kahli's eyes couldn't adjust to the light fast enough. Before she knew what was happening, there was a flash, and suddenly a handcuff wrapped around her wrist. It was connected to a chain. The man above yanked the chain hard. Kahli fell forward, one arm was nearly ripped out of its socket, as she was pulled from the blown-apart safe house.

"Better hold on, dear," Reggie shouted down to her, as he hoisted Kahli up. A pleased grin covered his face, as the girl reached the top. Kahli yelled and kicked, but she mostly just tried to keep her arm attached to her body. When she reached the top, Kahli clung to the ground trying to ignore the screaming pain in her arm. Tears filled her eyes. The pain wouldn't stop. He dislocated her shoulder pulling her out like that. Kahli tried to slam her shoulder into the ice to pop it back in place, but Reggie lifted her like a lost object and turned her back and forth examining her in the sun.

He tutted and shook his head, "Someone has been very naughty. Was it young William or someone more royal?"

Kahli screamed, kicking at him wildly. The pain in her shoulder made her vision fade at the edges. "Put me down!"

Reggie laughed in her face and handed her to Thomas. Then, the graceful vampire turned and called down to Will. "Thanks for keeping her for me. She looks pretty good, with the exception of that ghastly scar. You've been a naughty boy, William. I'll settle up with you another time," he lowered his voice and said dryly to Thomas, "assuming he's still alive down there."

Chapter 15

"Cassie," Cole ran up behind her, no longer trying to hide that he was different than the rest. Cassie turned quickly, a look of relief on her face. She was in the sitting room inside of the maiden's chambers. He wasn't supposed to be there, but no one was where they were supposed to be. It was enough that Cassie noticed and started looking for other things that were amiss. She found plenty.

Hurrying to her brother, Cassie said, "You're right. Nothing's the way it's supposed to be."

"I see that. Our guards are gone too." Cole glanced about to make sure they were alone.

"I know where they went," Cassie licked her lips and looked around nervously. Even though there was no one to throw Cole out, she still felt vulnerable out in the open, like they'd be caught at any moment.

As if he could read her mind, Cole put a hand on her shoulder, "They have eyes and ears everywhere. This is as good a place to talk as any. Where are the guards?"

"It looks like most of them are with the Queen. When I was in there, her guard was tripled in size. They surrounded her like a wall. She was more, uhm," Cassie's eyes flicked up trying to choose the right word.

"Crazy than usual?"

Cassie nodded, "Yeah. Pretty much. It wasn't like she expected me to attack her or anything, but she gave the distinct impression that she thought her little lap dogs were chewing her face off." Moving to one of the massive windows, Cassie peered outside. The ground sparkled, glinting white in the sunlight. She sighed deeply, pushing her hair out of her eyes. "She asked about Will out of all people. Will, Cole!"

Cole frowned and looked over her shoulder. There was movement outside, which was unusual. Guards appeared at new posts outlining the property. "Sophia seems to think the threat is outside these walls."

Cassie watched the guards on the grounds below. Annoyed, she uttered, "Then she must be concerned about someone else, because Will's no threat. If anything, he went after Kahli to help her." Cassie couldn't hold the smile on her lips anymore. She turned to her brother and asked, "Do you think Kahli's still alive? I couldn't bear it if she weren't. I owe her my life. I wish there was something I could do to help her." As she spoke, Cassie wrapped her arms around her middle. Her gaze landed nowhere, she saw nothing as she spoke. It was the distant gaze of someone who'd experienced loss and didn't want to go through it again.

"Maybe we can," Cole said, ignoring her pleas that Will was innocent. There was something about Will that he didn't like, and it wasn't the fact that the guy had free-reign over the palace. It wasn't that he moved amongst the girls in all states of undress either, although that angered him when he learned it early on from Cassie. There was something else. Something was wrong with Will. Cole could feel it in his gut. Will was the Queen's pet, her personal toy, and anything he had to say - anything Will did - was not in their best interest. Why would it be? He was a vampire for godsakes.

Cassie glanced up at him. "What are you thinking?"

"I'm not sure yet," he glanced back at her. "Anything else happen with the Queen?"

"No," she answered, shaking her head. "She asked about Kahli, the King, and Will. She wanted to know where Will was. Apparently, going missing right now automatically damns you in her eyes." Cassie paused for a moment and then added, "If you hadn't told me what the King did, I would have had a huge gap in my memory. She would have gone nuts, well, crazier than usual."

He nodded in agreement, "What did the King's chambers look like? Did she fight?" By she, he meant Kahli. Cole couldn't picture her going quietly, but this wasn't normal. The King wasn't supposed to take girls into his room, and he certainly wasn't given an open tap on virgin blood.

Cassie grimaced remembering the fresh stains on the floor, the way the blood had seeped into the carpet and turned brown. "It looks like she fought back. Things were broken, turned over. There was so much blood. I think he must have killed Missy and Gene before Kahli got there. No one has seen them or found their bodies. It's not like them to go missing this long. Even on the day of the Purging, they were up with the rest of us. If they were here this morning, they'd be chattering with the rest of the girls about the Pairings."

Cole shifted his weight and pushed his fingers through his hair. "About that - "

"What about it? I didn't even want to hear. They're just going to be gossiping about poor Alice." Cassie breathed and pulled her arms tighter around her waist. "I feel bad for her. I wish there was something that - "

Cole wanted to break it to her gently, but she kept talking. Cassie was always talking. He sucked in some air, placed his hand on her shoulder, and blurted it out, "Everyone has been Paired, including us."

Cassie stepped back with a horrified expression on her face, "Us! They paired us? That's disgusting!" Although Cole wasn't a blood brother, he felt like one. She couldn't hide how she felt about it. Her jaw hung open, as acid churned in her stomach, threatening to spew up her throat.

Cole sighed. Cassie was so Cassie. "No," he explained patiently, "they didn't pair us together." Cassie visibly deflated, looking relieved, but she shouldn't. "Cassie, listen to me." When she glanced up and met his eye, he continued, "They've Paired everyone. I don't know what they're doing, why the vamps changed things, but the Pairing is tonight. You and I have both been matched with someone."

Cassie's face paled. She swallowed hard and was silent for once. After a moment, Cassie pressed her eyes closed. She looked like she was going to vomit. Cole couldn't take it anymore. He pulled her close to him and hugged her. He kissed the top of her head like an overprotective brother, and pulled her away, holding her shoulders tightly in his hands. Looking into her eyes, he spoke confidently, "This won't happen to you. Do you understand? I want you to go along with it and act like you're okay with it - make sure they aren't concerned about you - and I'll figure out a way to make sure you're safe."

There were tears in her eyes. Cassie wanted to believe him, but she couldn't. "The vamps watch, Cole. They make sure it gets done." Her voice was rising slowly, becoming more squeaky as she spoke. "If I fight back, if I don't let him, they'll tie me up." Her big eyes were glassy. "This can't be happening. It can't be." She shoved her hands through her curls, pulling her hair as she spoke. "The Pairing will kill half us for sure. Why would they do this?"

Cole kept his hands on her shoulders. As reassuringly as he knew how, he said, "I don't know, but I've never thought we'd stay here once one of us was Paired."

"What do you mean?" Confused, she said, "It's not like we can just leave." Her voice was so low, so quiet that he could barely hear it.

"That's exactly what I mean." Cassie's eyes widened, but Cole cut her off, giving her instructions. "Don't do anything to draw attention to yourself today. They aren't watching you as closely, not when it comes to strength and flight risk. I'll get us out before it happens. I promise."

Cassie felt sick, but all she could do was nod. Cole had done things, things that flooded her dreams at night and if he wasn't hell-bent on protecting her, she'd be terrified of him. Cassie cleared her throat and looked up at him, "What about you? They paired you too?"

Cole nodded, his shoulders stiffening as he did it. Cassie didn't miss the cue. Whoever they'd paired him with made him uncomfortable. She wondered who it was, if he actually had feelings for someone - feelings that she didn't know about.

After a moment, Cole cleared his throat and said, "It doesn't matter what the vamps did, if we were Paired or not." He laughed callously, adding, "And they won't be doing it again after tonight. I promise you that." Looking down at Cassie, he said too calmly, "I'll get you before the Pairing takes place. Don't let Brent touch you." Cassie visibly recoiled at the name. She avoided Brent at all cost. The way he looked at her made her uneasy, and if there weren't vamps around who'd break his neck if he laid a finger on Cassie, she wouldn't have been able to sleep at night. Brent scared her. Cole shook her from her thoughts, gently gripping her shoulders and pulling her back to the present, "I'll personally kill him if he does, Queen's protection or not. The only person who matters to me here is you, and I won't leave you behind."

Chapter 16

The King's guard left right after they questioned Cassie. They took off into the night, trying to track down the girl - Kahli. Anger flooded through the King's body. He hadn't gotten enough of her blood to completely restore his former abilities. Most of the precious liquid had spilled on the floor, and failed to go down his throat. Thinking about it, he could still feel the burn of her blood. The potency was familiar, reminding him of the last time he had this opportunity. It had slipped away before he could do anything. Resolve flooded his veins. Not again. This might be his last chance. There was no room for mistakes, not this time. There were no more wild humans. Kahli was the last and he intended to possess her.

The storm set in swiftly, making it difficult to see, but the King urged the Trackers on. He sat in his vehicle, as it was gently rocked by the howling wind. The royal caravan was a massive tank-like truck with enough supplies to cross the unforgiving terrain. Traveling was no longer a treat. Due to the climate, constant wind, and frozen tundra, traveling was dismal at best.

Every time he wandered from the palace, the King knew that he risked his life. There was no blood out here. Killing livestock wasn't enough to sustain him, not that there was much to be found. The world and all its glory had disappeared, leaving him trapped in this frozen hell, and forcing a life on him that he detested. Before the flood, the King didn't mind that he wasn't the ruling sovereign, the one royal with all the power. That belonged to Sophia, and he was okay with it. It gave her all the power, but it also gave her all the problems. Accepting his role as royal arm-candy made his life easier. There was always enough blood, and he was beyond reproach, elevated slightly above the law due to his wife's status. It allowed him freedom that he didn't have, otherwise. Plus the wealth just agreed with him. Add to that the fact that no one tried to assassinate him on a daily basis, and the King soon learned that he achieved the best of both worlds by accepting the Queen's reign.

Back then, the King moved on his own, rarely seeing his Queen. But that wasn't the way of things anymore. Times changed. Now she was constantly there, reminding him that she was stronger, that she had the most power, and that she chose him. Sophia made it clear that if he made a single misstep, his long and glorious life would be cut short. The former freedom he knew, the advantages of being wedded to the law, were no longer palatable. The constant reminders made him restless.

If there was a time to turn on Sophia, it was now. For years, he watched Sophia wither away, her power dwindling like a dying ember. For many years, their strength was matched, but when he found a wild woman about two decades ago, things changed. The blood cured him. The blood from that woman was like nothing that they'd been able to breed. All of the years of weakness would have vanished if he hadn't lost her. Greed doomed him before. The King would not make that mistake again.

Shifting in his seat, the King watched his men through the windshield. They were trying to determine which direction the girl went, which path to follow. There were two snow mobiles and a bike. The motorcycle had spikes on the wheels that cut into the top layer of ice. As long as they kept ahead of the storm, they had at least one traceable path.

The King watched and waited, patiently planning the moment when he had Kahli in his hands again. There were so many things he wanted to do to her, but the thought of sucking every last drop of blood from her body dominated them all. There was no reason to wait this time, no need for prudency. Clenching and unclenching his fingers, the King thought about wrapping his hands around her neck and squeezing tight. The look of panic that would fill those green eyes, as he choked the life out of her was a bonus. Since he met the girl, she was defiant. No, it was beyond that - she didn't recognize him as her lord. She didn't think he was more powerful, better. Kahli would soon find out. It was a lesson that he couldn't wait to teach her. And then, with the untainted blood in his body, he could finally defeat the Queen and take over the monarchy. This was the beginning of a new life, a turning point which he intended to utilize.

A hand rapped on the glass window next to the King. The driver lowered it and the pane of glass slipped down. "We found a trail. They couldn't have gotten far, but - " the Tracker trailed off, his eyes darting to the side, not wanting to be the bearer of bad news.

The King looked at his nails, casually saying, "I could kill you now and ask someone else what's wrong." It sounded like a proper solution to a normal problem. The King sounded completely reasonable even though his statement was dripping with malice.

The Tracker swallowed hard. His skin had that sickly pallor like so many vampires had. It was too sickening to look at. The wind gusted hard, revealing more of the Tracker's face as his hood blew back and fell to his shoulders. They'd followed the vehicles to this point and then stopped. The storm was nearing rapidly. The King didn't want to wait.

"Both vehicles fell," the Tracker explained. "The snow mobile crashed. We found the remains along with one of the vamps from the garage. He was killed before the fall. Impaled."

"How do you know he was dead before? He could have been impaled from the fall. He could have helped her escape." The King glanced up at the man.

The Tracker shook his head. "No, the wound is old. Looks like the wound was executed the same way as the vamp in the garage. She took him to try and throw us off. His scent covered hers in the beginning, but she lost too much blood, otherwise we wouldn't have been able to track her."

"And?" the King snapped, sensing there was more bad news.

"Her vehicle flipped. It was decimated," hesitantly, he added, "and the bike that was following her went down as well."

The King didn't react. He stared into the Tracker's face, his voice perfectly calm, "You're saying they're both dead?"

"No, sir. There are no bodies. And if the wolves got them, there'd be blood everywhere, even if they were dragged off." The Tracker turned and looked at the place where the accident occurred before looking back at the King. "We think they're alive, or were, when they left here. They can't be far, traveling on foot and injured."

The wind gusted and blew the dry snow into the King's face. Wiping it with the back of his hand, he said, "Just find them," and put the window back up.

If he'd had more of Kahli's blood, there would be no reason for Trackers. He simply would have known where she was. The blood bond made her an extension of his body. It would have been like finding a finger or a toe. No one really pays attention to them, they're just there, and their location is felt. But, the King hadn't had enough of her blood to feel that fully. The only thing the King could sense was a faint flickering, like a ghost limb, telling him that she still breathed.

The driver gave him a towel, but the King swatted it away. After everything he did, if the girl died and he wasn't there - the thought made the King's insides boil. That stupid, petulant girl, he thought. And William helped her, no doubt. The Queen's pet, young William, probably took her to find shelter from the storm. It complicated things. The King had to make certain that if he didn't find Kahli - if he wasn't able to drink more of her blood - that someone else took the blame for his indulgence. Three dead girls from the Queen's private store would not go unpunished.

He tapped his long, tapered fingers together, staring at nothing, and thought that Will was the perfect person.

Chapter 17

Kahli groaned and rolled onto her side. Peeling back her eyelids, she looked around. Metal bars surrounded her. She was in the cage. Again. Except this time she wasn't bouncing around in the back of a truck. She was in someone's home. Before she could think, Kahli noticed the pain from her shoulder was better, although it still hurt. They must have fixed it after I passed out, she thought.

"So nice to see you awake," Reginald said, turning toward the cage door. He was dressed like the Regent, wearing clothing too beautiful to be real. His silk shirt had a ruffle under the chin with ivory buttons that extended to his trim waist. Black slacks accentuated his slender frame. Coupled with a velvet jacket the same shade of blue as Will's eyes, Reggie looked like an aristocrat.

Will. Her insides twisted as she thought of him trapped under the pile of rubble. Kahli had to get out of here, and get back to the safe house before it was too late.

Kahli tried to sit up. The pain that shot through her skull made her groan. Pressing her hand to her head, she growled, "What do you want?"

Reggie laughed, "You, of course. What do you want?" he mocked, mimicking her tone. "The first time I lost you to my hideous sister - " he clenched his jaw, biting off whatever he was going to say. His long, elegant hands slashed through the air, and paused like he cut off the thought with his pointer finger, "But, no matter. That's done and you're here now."

Kahli looked around. There was another cage across from her with a brightly colored bird. It sat on a perch and looked at her through the bars. She was in a grand room with too many books to count, cages of various sizes, and ornate furniture.

Kahli pressed her eyes closed. He couldn't have been that senseless, but it appeared he was. Looking up at him, she asked, "Is this your house? Tell me that you weren't stupid enough to bring me back to your house?"

Reggie's nostrils flared when she insulted him. "Why would that be foolish, little pet? Because they think I took you? Because they'll come here looking for you?" he laughed. Splaying his hands on his hips, Reggie looked down and shook his head. Glancing at her, he stepped toward Kahli, saying, "The King took off after you, and he's going to find a caved in hole and a crushed William. They'll assume you were blasted to bits, and in the meantime, I plan on making you into my personal barista." He handed her one of the golden tools that Will used for feedings. The sharp end of the golden rod was used to pierce skin since the vamps no longer had fangs.

Kahli took it and arched an eyebrow at him, "Seriously? You expect me to drain myself? Would you like for me to put it in a fancy cup, too?" Reggie took a deep breath and stared at her with hatred. Before she could blink, he hurled the rest of instruments at her. Kahli ducked, covering her head as they struck her and clattered to the floor of the cage. "Nice temper tantrum," the words fell out of her mouth before she could stop them.

Reginald darted to the cage, swung open the door, and grabbed Kahli by the throat, yanking her out. Kahli kicked, but the flailing stopped when Kahli realized that Reggie was going to snap her neck or crush her throat. The elegant hands held her too tightly. She couldn't breathe. Kahli's fingers clawed into Reggie's wrists, trying to wrench free, but she couldn't. Kahli's legs dangled, pulling her toward the ground, as the vampire's fist kept her neck high above the floor. Gasping for air, she hung there, suffocating. Her throat ached as her lungs burned, demanding that she breathe, but Kahli couldn't.

Leaning close to her face, Reggie hissed, "Never forget your place. You are nothing, meaningless. And, unlike the Queen, I do not care how pretty you are. If you fail to give me what I want, I will make you regret it one eye at a time, one lip at a time, one scar at a time. Do you understand my meaning?"

Kahli's eyes went wide at his threat. She tried to nod, but couldn't. A strangled sound came rasping from her throat. Reggie tossed Kahli back into the cage and slammed the door shut, locking her in. As soon as his hand withdrew, Kahli sucked in air and fell onto her back. The cage door slammed shut. Kneeling, Kahli coughed until she could breathe again. When she looked up, Reginald was handing her a tool, the one that would pierce her skin. Kahli needed more time, and she couldn't have this guy rip her apart while she figured out what to do. He seemed as crazy as his sister. Why did Will think she'd be safe with him?

A thought crossed her mind. Kahli took the tool as asked, "If I don't do this, you're going to rip out my eyes?"

Reggie cringed, "You're so crass." He looked her over, before sneering in disgust, his mind drifting to the bet with his sister. "I would have won that bet with the Queen, by the way. William failed to teach you anything proper." Reggie rolled his eyes, sighing deeply, as if it was impossible to civilize Kahli before saying, "But yes, I'll wound you one eye at a time, blinding you, scarring you. Try running away when you can't see."

Kahli rolled the tool between her thumb and forefinger, looking at him. "Will thought I'd be safe with you." It was a statement. Kahli said it to see what he'd say, but she didn't get much of an answer.

He laughed, "Will thought wrong."

Kahli stared at Reggie when she lifted the golden tool to her neck. Pressing the sharp point gently, she felt the familiar prick of metal cutting through skin. Kahli pulled it away slowly, careful not to spill the drop, when she felt the side of her neck grow hot and wet. Lifting her hand, Kahli started to offer the drop to Reggie, but her hand lingered half outstretched. She asked, "What do you have on him?"

"What you care?" Reggie snapped. The vamp was always irritated. It was like a chronic case of PMS that never ended. "Will's probably dead, and if by some freak chance he's still alive, the King will fix that when they find him."

"Won't they just follow us back here?" Kahli asked, looking at the bright red drop on top of the needle.

Reggie stared at the drop as he answered, salivating, "We saw to it that they had nothing to track. Now, give that to me." Kahli held the golden tool for a moment, wanting to ask more questions about Will, wanting answers that she couldn't get. Instead of pressing, she handed the vampire the needle with the tiny drop of blood. Reggie took it gingerly, gazing greedily with his narrow black eyes.

An idea formed in Kahli's mind. It was insane, but it might be worth it. Maybe. There wasn't much time to consider the idea and all its drawbacks. Not seeing another option, she quickly offered, "I won't fight back. I'll give you as much blood as you want, when you want, if you'll answer my questions about Will."

Reggie pressed the drop of blood to his tongue and closed his eyes. When he swallowed, a serene expression passed over his face. The only trace that the blood was hard to consume was the repeated bobbing of his adam's apple as he swallowed again and again. Potent blood was like trying to swallow kerosene. Even so, Reggie's expression lingered until he opened his eyes. Looking at Kahli, he said, "I think not. You'll do what I want, when I want, or I start removing body parts, starting with those pretty eyes." Twirling the golden rod between his fingers, Reggie smirked at Kahli, curious, "What could you possibly want to know about Will that's worth such an offer?"

Kahli felt like he wouldn't tell her anything, but she had to try. She'd swallowed enough of Will's blood to know he was alive. His pain was shooting through her body like she was the one trapped beneath the rubble. "What is he to you?"

A slow smile snaked across Reggie's angular face, "Infatuated with the boy, are we?"

"No," Kahli retorted, brows pinching together like she was disgusted. "I just want to know why everyone seems to own a piece of him."

"Everyone?"

"Yeah. You, the Queen, the King. None of you appear to get along, and yet, he seems loyal to all three of you. How could that be?"

Reginald sat back on a dated couch. It was the color of rust with tufted velvet and cream colored fringe around the skirt. It looked too dense, like it would be really hard and uncomfortable to sit on. He spread his arms over the back of the sofa and looked at her for a moment, before saying, "It must seem strange to you, but it's not. Will's previous owner owed too many people, too many things. Will was sold to me and I gifted him to my sister. He feeds me information.

"As for the King, I have no idea what relationship they had, if any. The King keeps to himself. He's as good as dead now, anyway. My sister was on the warpath last night. A very pleasant maid had the misfortune of losing her head right in front of me. Her blood nearly splattered on my shoes." He sounded more upset about his attire than about the heads rolling at the palace. Continuing, he glanced up at Kahli, "No doubt, Sophie painted the entire palace black with vampire blood last night. She'll destroy the King." Reggie's eyes drifted down and lingered on her neck, before returning to her face, "Nice patch job, by the way. I assume Will fed you vamp blood to heal that wound so fast? I can taste it, a little bit. You're not pure anymore. More like 97 proof." He laughed at his joke, comparing her to wine, and chuckled quietly like he was exceptionally funny.

As he spoke, Kahli's heart constricted. Will was completely alone. All this time, he had no one. Kahli ignored Reggie's last remark, "Will's a slave?"

"That's what the runes say," he smiled, knowing it hurt her to hear those words.

Kahli shook her head and looked down. Will, she thought hoping he could hear her, but there was nothing. No reply. The bond was too weak and she wasn't his. "He's a slave, as long as he has the runes? He has to have a master?"

"Once a slave, always a slave, but you really needn't pity him, Kahli. Will's had a good life." He watched her, knowing that saying his name like that, showing that he thought the guy was as good as dead would rattle her. "I would have thought he was dead by now, but you know he's alive, don't you?" Kahli's eyes remained on the floor of the cage. She didn't want him to see, but if she didn't look up, Reggie would know for certain. As she lifted her face, he said, "Did he claim you? Foolish boy. If he did, he'll die soon enough anyway, and then it will be as it was before."

"The King will find me," Kahli blurted out. "He drank from me. I can feel him. He's looking for me."

"Let him come. If my sister doesn't kill him, I will." Reggie said it with utter confidence, like he knew what he signed up for. He couldn't have been more wrong.

Kahli shook her head, "No, you won't. Don't you get it? You and your sister were played. The King isn't weak. He ripped open my neck with his fangs. FANGS, Reggie. He's got them. He drank from me. You and your sister can tolerate a drop of my blood, but he swallowed an entire mouthful. He's coming for me. I can feel it. And, given a choice between the two of you, I'd rather be with you."

Reggie's arms fell to his sides as he leaned forward. His black eyes locked onto hers, drinking in her words. Finally, he said, "That can't be." Shock lined his face. He didn't blink as he looked at her, and considered whether or not she was telling the truth. Kahli could see it in his eyes.

"You better believe it. He drank from two of my roommates that night as well. The King isn't what you think. He won't go quietly into the night. He started this and he'll end it by taking me away from you." Kahli rose as she spoke and moved to the bars. Clutching them in her hands, she watched Reggie, speaking with urgency, "You can't let him. You can't just sit here and act like the King's not a threat, because he is. Do something."

Reggie leaned forward with a frown on his face, his eyes drifting from hers. His mind was wandering. "What else can the King do?" he asked, lifting his gaze to hers. "Did he compel you?"

Kahli's stomach twisted remembering it. "Yes," she said softly, averting her gaze. She could feel it, the King's thrall, the way his voice snaked inside her mind and claimed her, making her body move and her mind weaken to his will.

"And he knew your true name?"

Shaking her head, Kahli replied, "No, he didn't need it."

"This is bad," Reggie said, fretting. Getting to his feet, he started pacing and stopped talking. It was then that Kahli leaned back, knowing that she just set something in motion. She just didn't know what.

Chapter 18

Sophia smoothed her skirt after she returned to her dais dressed in the most regal outfit she owned - a blood-red, silk gown that flowed to the floor and billowed around her ankles when she walked. Rubies lined her pale throat, strung tightly together on cords of gold. A golden crown sat above her brow with the matching scepter clutched in her right hand. After all the years she reigned as Queen, someone finally challenged her. Sophia grasped the scepter harder thinking about it. For decades she'd felt alone, abandoned. Being the Queen meant that she was above everyone else in every way possible. While she enjoyed the power, she did not enjoy the loneliness. When those feelings were stirred up in the past, she would laugh at herself and banish them to whatever corner of her mind they crept out from.

Breathing deeply, Sophia glanced around the throne room. It was her favorite place in the palace. It was the place her usurper - her darling husband - would come to find her, and she'd be ready. Being alone all these years made her stronger. Sophia no longer relied on anyone for anything.

Let him come, she thought.

The guards were loyal to her. Everyone was, and there was a simple reason for it - a vampire's loyalty could be bought with blood. The masses were near starving. Any promise of blood was more than most could hope for. Sophia's guard went through the lands surrounding the palace and bribed every Tracker and stray vampire they could find, but offering vials of blood was not enough, not by far. Sophia knew that she had to offer them something worth fighting for, worth dying for, and she did.

Each region that supplied the Queen with vampires to fight the King would be given one of the Queen's humans. That meant fresh blood, not vials of half coagulated blood that were difficult to digest. The bottled blood was thick, and the potency diminished by the time it was consumed. The offer of fresh blood was too great to refuse. The vampires quickly agreed to protect the Queen, and were assigned to their posts.

Sophia didn't like being forced to forfeit her own stock, but it was necessary. She wasn't sure how many opposed her in addition to the King, or when they were coming. If they found Kahli before she did... Sophia's slender shoulders cringed at the thought. That wild girl was more trouble than she was worth. No, that wasn't true. That wild girl was power beyond comprehension. Kahli's blood would ensure her sovereignty, and protect her power. She just had to find the girl first.

Irritated, Sophia straightened her shoulders, which extended her neck, and twisting her head to the side. The Queen's dark hair shifted against her pale skin. The style was elegant enough. She had a maid pin her long, inky hair and pile it into spiraling curls on the top of her head. A few stray curls cascaded down her back. The effect was striking, powerful. Everything about Sophia screamed of power and she intended to keep it that way.

A servant, a lowly vampire with onion-sheer skin, entered the doorway and bowed low to the floor. Sophia let her remain like that longer than she should have, before saying, "Rise. Enter." The servant walked quickly toward the Queen. She was wearing a white microfiber suit, ready to fight outside if needed. Sophia found the girl's stride annoying. The vampire walked like she was a child, nearly skipping like these were happy times. If Sophia didn't need every vampire she could find, she would have plunged the scepter into the perky girl's heart. "Report," Sophia snapped.

The servant bowed low again and rose, avoiding the Queen's eyes, she said, "The Pairings have been announced and the humans have not protested in any way. They talk and chatter, but nothing more."

"Very good. And what of the Pairing Rooms? Have they been properly supplied? We only have one opportunity to do this. If they're missing anything, we won't have another chance." Sophia's voice trailed off as she glanced past the maid and out the door beyond. Brows pinched together she said, "The siege will begin by morning. I can feel it." Sophia's gaze drifted back to the woman. The maid had no sense. She continued to smile as Sophia spoke. Anger surged through Sophia. Her eyes were fixated on the side of the vampire girl's face. Sophia's nails clutched the arms of her throne to keep from bounding down the stairs and strangling the girl.

The maid nodded, "Yes, Your Majesty. The rooms have ample supplies. Instructions have been left with the males about how to proceed if the females protest. It was made clear how to procreate with an unwilling female, without bruising or wounding her. Penalties for bruises, abrasions, and other wounds were also posted." As the vampire spoke, she clasped her hands tightly in front of her. Her slender body was stiff, rigid with fear. The smile finally fell off her face.

"And the females that remain, were they given instructions as well?"

"Yes, Your Majesty. They were told to comply. Failure to do so will result in binding. Women who inflict injuries upon themselves to get out of the Pairing will not be sent to the infirmary. They will be denied medical attention until they cooperate. The women were all informed."

Sophia's lips pulled back into a snake-like smile, revealing pearly white eye-teeth. They ached for blood. This made her very happy. It'd been centuries since her fangs worked properly. Since she began drinking Kahli's blood, Sophia could feel them coming back to life. It was like part of Sophia awakened and she didn't intend on losing it. "News of the wild girl or William?"

The servant lowered her gaze and shook her head. "Nothing yet, but they are hurrying, Queen Sophia." Glancing up, she added quickly, "The new Trackers vowed to find her before nightfall. She will be safely in your court by twilight. They assured me of this and made it clear that I was to tell you, they will not return until the girl is in hand."

Sophia breathed in deeply, letting the words rang in her ears. The movement filled her bodice, pressing her chest firmly against the low neckline of her gown. The jewels at her throat rose slightly until she exhaled. Sophia stared straight ahead, her spine perfectly straight. The Trackers would find Kahli and then she'd never let the girl out of her sight. As for William, she had plans for him.

"Very good," Sophia finally said. The servant looked up when silence filled the room. The Queen's eyes narrowed on the girl's face. "After the Pairing, we will keep the fertile females. The rest will be handed over to the Trackers on my word. Separate them from each other, but do not tell them a thing. Do you understand?" The girl nodded. "Good. We will keep the strongest here to sustain the palace staff and the Regent. The rest are to be given to each Section that pledged loyalty when I deem it is time." Sophia paused, her lips pressed together into a thin line before she spoke again, "And, Chastity..."

The servant looked shocked that the Queen knew her name. "Yes, your Majesty?"

"If we do not survive the night, if I am assassinated by my foolish husband," Sophia spoke calmly as her lips twisted into a thin smile, "I want you and your staff to slaughter every last human in the palace. All of them, do you understand? No one survives."

Chastity nodded, "It will be done as you wish, my Queen."

Sophia smiled.

Chapter 19

Will heard the blast, but was so taken with Kahli that the change didn't register. He thought the burning runes under his skin were from her touch. Too late, he realized the true reason for the runes burning - Reggie was near.

When the rock exploded, Will tried to shield Kahli, but they were torn apart from the blast. She was launched toward the opening. Before she was out of reach, Will shoved Kahli past the falling ceiling. Then, he was blasted backwards across the room. Will watched Kahli fall. The ceiling above them cracked open and debris rained down. Large sheets of ice and rock fell swiftly, crashing into the floor with a deafening CRACK. The table where they'd been sitting was flattened. The metal chair legs snapped like toothpicks and went flying across the room like shrapnel. The final blast sent down more of the ceiling, trapping Will under a massive stone of jagged concrete. Frozen earth continued to cave in from above, burying Will alive.

Then it fell silent. His heart raced, echoing in his ears. The boulder pinned him to the floor. Before he had a chance to call out to her, Kahli screamed. Will's heart felt like it would explode as it banged into his ribs. Holding his hands to the rock, Will tried to squirm out from beneath the stone. Kahli's blood made him stronger, otherwise he wouldn't have had a chance. Pressing his hands against the side of the massive piece of concrete, Will pushed. It rocked slightly. Will worked frantically, trying to get to Kahli before they were gone, before she was taken by Reggie.

After what happened, he doubted the Regent would allow Kahli to live. Will rocked the stone until he moved it just enough to pull free. Will stood swiftly, his hands floating up to his sides. Snowflakes floated through the air, pure white, until they slipped lazily into the shadows. Before he could take a step, the ground beneath Will pitched sharply. He blinked, trying to stop the sensation from overwhelming him. When he looked down at his leg, it was covered in blood. Blinking again, Will held his hands to his head, pressing against his temples and closing his eyes, but it didn't help. The room spun wildly and brought him to his knees. Will roared as he fell, trying to fight what was happening to him. The crack to his head, the wound on his leg, they both crippled him when Kahli needed him the most. Falling to his hands, Will looked up in time to see Kahli pulled over the ledge, screaming. Reggie restrained her and dragged Kahli away. Before Will could blink again, the world faded to black.

__

When Will awoke, he heard something familiar. Warm breath washed across his face, followed by a rank scent that could only mean one thing. Wolves. Will's eyes shot open to see a white wolf hovering over him. The animal's black lips were pulled back into a snarl, but she didn't attack. Will moved slowly, pulling his body away from the animal.

"Easy," he said in soothing tones. "Easy, girl."

The wolf stared at him with amber eyes, its head cocking to the side slightly. Will's pulse roared in his ears. Slowly, he pushed away from the mouth filled with fangs. Will watched the wolf, wondering if Kahli felt the same way about his fangs. His stomach sank when he thought of her. He was supposed to protect Kahli, keep her safe. Will cursed, and pushed up slowly. His leg and head had healed on their own, but the blood must have attracted the wolf.

Glancing at the remains of the safe house, Will saw the silver foil packets scattered across the ground. One packet was right next to his foot. He bent slowly, reaching for it. The wolf's hackles raised, her fur blowing in the wind. Will didn't have time to deal with this, and he had no weapon to kill the animal. Like all wolves, this one was hungry. Will's fingers brushed against the packet. He tore it open and tossed it to the wolf. Her jaws snapped at the foil as it fell in front of her. Growling from deep within her throat, the wolf looked at Will like she was ready to jump on his chest and rip open his throat, but the scent of the packet distracted her. The beast blinked like it was confused, and then lowered her head, sniffing the packet. Will didn't move. He waited until her nose was inside the foil, her long pink tongue licking out the contents with vigor. The wolf didn't notice him slip away.

Chapter 20

"What are you going to wear?" someone asked Alice, but the girl just stared into space. Giggles broke out around her. Alice stood and walked away. Before Cassie could go after her, Brianna asked her the same thing, "What about you, Cassie? What are you going to wear tonight?"

They'd been talking about it when she walked into the room. Cassie sat on one of the couches acting like she was excited about the idea of Pairing up with one of the guys. There had been only one other time she had to be so deceitful and that was on Deliverance Day.

Smiling, Cassie shrugged, "Oh, I don't know. What do you think I should wear?"

Brianna lit up, and bounded over to Cassie. "There is this lace dress in the wardrobe. I tried to take it once for a dinner party, but Miriam said it was only to be worn during the Pairing."

Cassie nodded, bobbing her head like it was a good idea, "That sounds pretty." She glanced out the window, but the other girls' giggles pulled her attention back to the room.

"It's not pretty, Cassie. It's sexy. The dress covers you, neck to ankles, but what makes it sexy is the key." Brianna was smiling so hard. Cassie wondered how she could be excited about something that would kill her. Pairings led to babies, and childbirth wasn't something that was survivable. Not for them. Not for Brianna, who bruised so easily. Cassie didn't understand the girl's excitement. Wanting to get called for a Pairing was a death wish. The other girls giggled. "Wait here," Brianna said, patting Cassie's knee. "I'll go get it. Miriam already pulled it out."

While Brianna grabbed the gown out of her room, Cassie smiled at the others. "Exciting, isn't it?"

They all nodded, but it didn't seem like any of them were as happy about the Pairing as Brianna. Cassie felt bad for them. Even if Cole managed to get her out, the others would be left behind. Brianna came back into the room with a length of black lace draped over her arm. Grinning, she held it up for Cassie to see.

The gown was Cassie's size, and Brianna was right, it wouldn't have worked for a regular dinner. As Brianna held the gown up, everyone could see why. The light shined through the lace. There was nothing under it, no lining to conceal anything. Brianna grinned devilishly and handed the dress to Cassie. "See, I told you it was sexy. It'll make you feel pretty, and Brent will be able to see all of you straight through it."

The girls began to giggle and squeal. Cassie tried to keep her plastic smile on her face. She held the dress in her hands and looked down at it. The lace was beautiful and delicate, and completely see-through. Her stomach turned to acid as she held it, thinking of what would happen to her if Cole didn't find a way out.

"Someone go grab, Alice." Brianna said, irritated. "We need to talk about the best ways to do this. It's supposed to be fun."

"I'll get her," Cassie offered, as she stood and walked away, leaving the dress behind. Wandering into the hallway, Cassie looked up and down the corridor, but Alice wasn't in sight. Cassie picked a direction, her stomach twisting into tight knots. Before she realized it, Cassie had her arms folded tightly across her chest and was scowling at no one. Stopping in front of a window, she looked outside. The world was white. The wind was whipping the dry snow into the air, blinding the guards below to anything not directly in front of them, but they still paced the perimeter, looking, watching, and waiting.

"Cassie," Cole said, walking up next to her.

Cassie didn't look at him. Instead, her gaze remained on the guard below, "There are more than there were earlier."

"I know," Cole said softly. He took her by the elbow and turned Cassie toward him.

When she looked at him, Cassie saw so many things, but the most glaring was hope. The emotion danced in his eyes, making it difficult to look at him. How Cole could have hope now was beyond her. "This isn't the same as before, you know. There were a handful of vamps we had to get past that day. It's not the same this time."

"No," Cole said somberly, "it's not. There's more at risk, too. Cassie, I'd planned to do this if you were selected for the Purging. I had it all worked out, but I didn't plan for this." He pressed his lips together and stepped toward the large window. Looking out to the grounds below, he said, "It's worse than last time. You're right. But that means it's even more important to leave."

Cassie pressed her fingers into the crook of Cole's arm and pulled him around. She'd been thinking about it all morning. "You should go without me." When he opened his mouth to protest, Cassie cut him off. "No, listen. I'm a liability. I'll slow you down. You're stronger than me, less anemic." Cole was about to hush her. She could tell he wasn't even listening. Straightening her spine, she yelled in his face, "The vamps already know how strong you are, that you're not like the rest of us! Don't tell me to shut up, because I won't! Damn it, Cole! Listen to me! You might be able to pull this off twice, but I was lucky to live through it once." She drew in a deep breath, and her voice softened. "I can't run again. I won't survive."

"Cassie, don't say that. You're as strong as you think you are." He sounded desperate. Cole gripped her elbows, trying to talk sense into her, but Cassie pulled away.

"I'm safe here, Cole. I might not like the things they make me do, but I've done them before. I survived then. I can survive now." Cassie's face took on a vacant expression, like she was remembering something painful, something she wanted to forget. She stepped back to the window and gazed through the panes.

Cole followed her to the window, watching Cassie as she stared through the glass. "You never told me what happened exactly."

She shrugged, "There was nothing to tell. The King did forbidden things with me, with my other roommates. He was probably trying to pull that crap on Kahli when he called her. I survived that. I can survive, Brent." Her arms wrapped around her middle when she spoke. It was impossible not to notice the chill that covered her skin, like she was doused with a bucket of fear. Cassie rubbed her arms, trying to push away the memory of the King's hands on her. Brent would be nothing compared to that nightmare.

"I didn't know," Cole breathed behind her. For once, he didn't touch her. He tripped over his words, making a few false starts before saying, "I'm sorry, Cass."

She turned toward him, a sad smile on her face. "It wasn't your fault. It's life. And it's a good life - the best we could hope for." That was the truth. Those thoughts had been floating through her mind all day. This was better than the alternative. Cassie was weak, she couldn't survive another escape, another trek through the frozen hills. She only held Cole back, and slowing him down when this was going on would be fatal. Cassie didn't want to be the one who got him killed. Staring at Cole, she said softly, "I'm not going with you."

Cole's jaw dropped. "You can't mean that. Cassie, don't do this."

She felt so hollow, so lost. If there was another option, Cassie would take it, but there wasn't. She couldn't risk Cole's life this time. She wasn't a child anymore. She couldn't let him do it. Lying to Cole was the only way to get him to go without her. She forced a smile and pressed her lips together, "I was talking to the other girls and they're really excited about tonight, and so am I. I mean, I wouldn't have picked Brent, but he's better than some of the others."

"Cassie," he murmured, shocked. Cole's eyes grew wide. "You don't know what you're saying."

"You forget, Cole, I do. I know exactly what I'm saying. I know exactly what will happen. I'm going to my Pairing. I'm cooperating. I'll go back to my bed tonight with a smile on my face, and if I'm lucky, I'll have a baby in me, too. You know how the Queen treats the women who are with child." She smiled broadly, wistfully, "That'll be me. Be excited for me, Cole. I want this. I've been thinking about it. This is so much better than the alternative." While Cassie spoke, she smiled at him even though her stomach was twisting tightly.

"This isn't a choice. How can you act like it is?" The muscles in Cole's neck were corded tight. He had trouble keeping his voice even. He looked at his hands like he didn't know what to do with them.

"Everything we do is by choice, even here. How can you act like it isn't a good choice for me? Yes, I might die in nine months when the baby is born, but that's better than my odds tonight if I go with you. Cole, this is the best I can hope for. It's the best decision for me." Cole stared at Cassie, his eyes pleading with her, but she wouldn't change her mind. Cole needed to go on without her. Cassie was weak. She knew she'd only hold him back. Pretending to be excited about the Pairing, lying and saying she changed her mind, had to convince him to go on without her.

Before Cole had a chance to say anything else, Brianna popped her head out of the doorway and hurried into the hall. Cole stepped back and tried to hide the emotion in his eyes. "You forgot your negligee, Cassie." Brianna walked toward them quickly, holding out the black lace. "Hey, Cole. Too bad your girl ran off. Guess you won't be having any fun tonight."

Through gritted teeth, he muttered, "Guess not."

Brianna looked at Cassie and said, "Find Alice and get back. You're missing everything." Brianna's eyes slid over Cole's body once, before returning to his face, "We're talking positions. Tell the guys they better be ready." She winked at him, and turned on her heel, heading back into the room.

Chapter 21

By the time the King's men realized what they were tracking, it was too late. The sun was already high in the sky. It was well into the day after the King had fled the palace and he was running out of time. Bellowing from the back of his car, he exclaimed, "It's nearly noon, and we aren't any closer than we were this morning! It's like that demonic girl is running in circles! How is she still alive? The storm last night should have killed her." The King was growling by the time he finished speaking, his voice low and menacing. He rubbed the back of his hands, resisting the urge to strangle the person sitting nearest to him.

The Tracker, Celticad was a large man with dark stubble on his massive jaw. His arms were the size of hams and covered thickly in dense hair. He clutched a live rabbit and held it in his lap. Celticad was a fearsome sight when he was human. After he turned vampire, not even his own kind wanted him around. He had too much power in those muscles, too much strength in his body, compared to the rest of them, but there was reason for it. The King had kindly slipped this Tracker extra vials of blood since the famine began. It was foolish to allow his guard to become weak, but that was unpreventable. Too many vampires receiving extra rations would be noticed, but one loner, freakishly large vampire, much less so.

Celticad was aware of the King's strength. While he fought viciously and feared no one, Celticad feared his King. There was something about the King that was different, stronger. The King's skin didn't have that sickly yellow tint, his eyes were cunning - always plotting, always thinking - and his wrath was swift. This particular setback was not Celticad's fault, however the King had no one else to blame.

"There was no way to know, your Highness." Celticad would not apologize. They tracked the item that the King told them to. While he would never say that this was the King's doing, Celticad wasn't about to take the blame or throw it on his men, either. The King stared furiously, straight ahead, fuming. His fingers rested on the door. He pressed so hard into the plastic handle that it snapped under his palm. Celticad did not acknowledge it. Instead, he continued, "The tracking device was contained within another animal. She must have realized it was there and removed it. There was no way to know we weren't tracking a human."

"No," The King said calmly, "of course not." Turning his golden eyes on the Tracker, he lifted his palms, like he was being reasonable, "There was no way to notice a change in body temperature or heart rate, no indication whatsoever that the chip was in a goddamned rabbit!"

Celticad refused to cringe. He sat against the seat, his back perfectly straight, clutching the rabbit in his lap. The animal shook fiercely when the King yelled. Celticad stroked it softly, trying to keep its heart from exploding. Quite reasonably, Celticad repeated, "As I said, my King, the anomalies with her temperature and pulse could have been for any number of reasons. No one suspected that the girl would take a knife to her back, remove the chip, and put it into another animal."

The King had underestimated Kahli, again. There was no way she removed that chip on her own. William helped her. The King fumed thinking about it. He couldn't return to the palace without the girl. He couldn't return without Will. In a sudden display of rage, the King turned toward Celticad. Grabbing his jacket, he roared in his face, revealing his fangs as his anger exploded, "Do you see these, Celticad? Do you see my power? My fangs?"

Celticad nodded. While he feared for his life, he did not fight back. To fight the King meant certain death. "You are the most powerful vampire in the world, my Lord."

He shook the large vampire once, and released him. Celticad slunk back into his seat, his hand smoothing over the rabbits trembling body. "Then why is it that I am out here and she is back there?" He screamed, pointing his finger behind them, out the back windshield. "If I am the most powerful vampire in the world, why do I have to run from my own wife!" It was a question that wasn't meant to be answered, but Celticad cleared his throat, indicating he would respond. The King's fierce gaze lifted and flashed a warning not to speak, but Celticad didn't listen.

"You don't have to run, "Celticad said brazenly. Quickly he explained, "Queen Sophia does not realize how powerful you've become. There is no other vampire with fangs, none that drinks blood straight from a warm body, none that can compel without a true name - except you. You can do all those things, my Lord, and yet, we chase this wild girl, a token of the Queen's. The girl was the one who ran, and therefore, the Queen's wrath will fall on her, not you. You could say that you did not harm those other girls, Kahli did. She killed them, spilling their blood before attacking you and killing members of your guard. You can return to the palace and resume your place at Queen Sophia's side without the wild girl. But - "

The King cocked a dark brow at him, "But, what?"

"But, I believe you had another reason to return in mind. You can easily overpower the Queen if you return. You can kill her and her guard, and yet, we sit out here in the wild." Celticad paused, and ran his thick hand through his hair. "I'm not a fool. I know the girl's worth, why you want her - but the player who makes the first move is the one with the upper-hand. If you plan to eradicate the Queen, now is the time, whether the girl is in hand or not." Celticad knew he'd spoken too openly, said too much, but it was a risk he had to take. If the King was slaughtered, beheaded by the Queen, then all who assisted him today would also feel her wrath.

The King worked his jaw as he listened to Celticad. When the vampire first spoke, the King planned on decapitating him at his last word, but the longer the brute spoke, the more the King agreed with him. Finally, the King glanced at him out of the corner of his eye, "That was extremely foolish, to speak out just now."

Celticad responded, "Or brave. It depends on how you look at it."

"Apparently so," he considered Celticad for a moment and nodded, "So be it. We will return to the palace. I will seize the throne, and if that girl is still alive, I'll hunt her down myself when this is over." He grinned, revealing his pearly fangs, thinking about sinking them into her neck again. Kahli was still alive. He could feel her heart beat, feel the steady pulsing of blood circulating her body. That blood was his. He would have her yet.

The King reached forward and took the frightened rabbit from Celticad's hands. Grabbing it by the scruff of the neck, the King held the snow white rabbit up in front of his face. The little ball of fur trembled, its bright eyes darting from side to side, looking for a way to escape. The King spoke to it gently, "There's no reason to fear, little one." He smiled at the animal. With a flick of his wrist, the rabbit's neck snapped. The sound of bone breaking echoed in the King's ears. "Here," he handed the lifeless ball of fur back to Celticad, "Skin it and strap its pelt to your belt. Every time you look at its soft fur, remember the sound of its neck snapping. Remember that is exactly what will happen to you if you ever again make a mistake of the magnitude you made today. Next time you will not survive. Never forget it."

Chapter 22

Although he didn't want to, Reggie knew that he couldn't get caught with Kahli, but he didn't know what to do with her. He wanted to keep her, use her blood for himself, but having her body around - and that uncouth mouth - was not smart. If the girl escaped her cage while he was unaware, she'd slit his throat and set him on fire. There were things vampires had once been able to recover from, but being beheaded and burned alive wasn't one of them. His eyes flicked to Kahli. She sat in the center of the cage, cross-legged, picking her nails like an ape.

"Must you do that?"

Kahli looked up at him, her eyes narrowed. She flicked a nail and it made that awful sound again. "What? You mean this?" She did it again, watching Reggie cringe.

"You know exactly what I mean, you barbaric simian. Stop making ghastly sounds." He pressed his fingers to his temples. "I need to think."

Kahli sighed and fell onto her back. Staring at the cage ceiling, she said, "Simian? Really? We're resorting to name calling now, Reggie?"

"Reginald," he bit back, his hands flying away from his face. Although he desperately needed to figure out how to play this hand, he couldn't think. Every time his mind brushed the surface of an idea, it slipped away. Exasperated, he strode toward her cage and stopped in front of it. "Did William teach you to act this way, or is this your own concoction?"

Kahli grinned, still looking at the ceiling of the cage. Not lifting her head to look at the vamp, she said, "William taught me not to trust anyone. My manners are my own creation. I know how much you like me, Reggie. I think we'd get along way better if you didn't treat me like a monkey." Kahli looked at her nails and then pressed them to the bottom of the metal cage, and pulled. They made a shrieking sound that made Kahli cringe inside, but she scraped her nails all the way across the cage bottom, which made the hideous noise louder. When she finished, Kahli looked at her nails. Two ripped, but it was worth it.

Reggie's arms tensed at the sound and pulled tighter to his body. His shoulders went rigid as he watched the girl. Plugging his fingers in his ears, he yelled, "I'll stop treating you like a monkey when you stop acting like one!"

Kahli jumped to her feet. "I'll stop acting like one, when you stop treating me like one. Let me out of this damn cage. We want the same things. We should be working together. You already know that, but you're too arrogant to say you need my help."

Reggie left his fingers in his ears, and pressed his eyes closed, "Silence, beast." When Kahli didn't stop talking, Reggie grabbed a remote off the side table next to the couch. He pressed a yellow button and a jolt of electricity shot through the cage, zapping Kahli. She gasped, rendered momentarily silent. When Reggie released the button, he said, "That's better. Remember, no matter what your puny mind might be telling you, you're trapped, little girl. Unless you chew through those bars, you belong to me."

Kahli's hair smoked lightly. The ends had that singed hair smell. It filled her nostrils as she pushed herself off the cage floor. Laying down and getting zapped was way worse than standing up and getting zapped. It was the second time he did that to her. "We're wasting time, you arrogant bastard." Her voice came out in a breath, completely lacking its normal venom.

Reggie folded his arms after he put the remote down. Scolding her, he said, "Then, shut up, Miss Kahli Wildgirl and let me think." His head hung between his shoulders like the world was crushing him flat.

Kahli rubbed her eyes with the back of her hand, trying to push away the effect of the shock. "There's nothing to think about. You want your sister dead. So do I. So does Will. So does the King. Pick a side, you coward, and go run her through with a pitchfork. Now'd be a good time."

Reggie turned and tilted his head at her. "You understand nothing. Sophia expects to be attacked and out of all people, she suspects me. How am I supposed to waltz right in there and walk out with my head? Come on, chimp-girl. If you're so smart, tell me how." Reggie walked next to her cage and snapped his fingers at her like she was a misbehaving animal.

Taking a ragged breath, she looked up at him. Kahli's eyes were livid, green as emeralds, and just as hard. "If you snap at me again, I'm going to chew through these bars and bite off your fingers, one by one." She held his gaze for a moment, before continuing, "You are so dense. Return what's been stolen from her. Show up with me in hand, and she'll let you in. You can walk straight into the ballroom."

"And then, what? You saw what she did to me before."

"You didn't have me before. You didn't have my blood inside of you before. This time Sophia won't suspect a thing. She's had more of my blood, but it didn't metabolize as quickly as it did with you. You can probably manage another drop or two before we got there."

"How'd you know the Queen had trouble with your blood?"

Kahli looked at him like Reggie was retarded, "The King. Hello? He tried to rip my neck out. Remember? Come on! Pull it together. We have to get out of here, and you're wasting time asking for a rehash. The King is the one you have to watch out for, not her, and he's not there right now."

Reggie paced in front of her, his slender arms folded over his chest. "How do I know I can trust you?"

She laughed, "You can't. But for the moment, we share a common problem."

"For the moment," he agreed.

Chapter 23

Kahli stared at Reggie. Will was still alive. She felt it deep within her core, but she didn't know where he was or how badly he was hurt. The sound of his voice screaming her name rang through her ears long after she awoke. When Reggie yanked her out of the safe house, Kahli didn't even get a chance to turn around and see if Will was all right. It was killing her, lying in the cage and acting like everything was fine when it wasn't.

Reggie finally seemed to get some gumption. Kahli used the moment to light a flame under his butt, and hurl his hatred directly at the Queen. Maybe it wasn't Will's plan, but it was better than waiting around to die. At the rate she was going, Reggie would cut her tongue out before dinner.

Maybe she'd been shocked by the cage too many times, but helping Reggie seemed like a good idea. "There's only one thing I want first," Kahli said sternly.

Reggie flopped his head to the side and sighed. Turning to the cage, he moaned, "Of course you do. Let me guess? Will. You want us to go drag his lifeless body from that caved-in mess." Reggie looked at her in a way that made her feel stupid.

Her jaw tensed, but she tried not to show it. After a moment, she replied, "I'm not asking you for freedom."

"Only because you intend to steal it."

"I'll keep my word," Kahli protested.

"Sure you will. Just like your mother, right?"

Kahli's jaw dropped. A surge of energy flooded her system. It was impossible to let the words roll off. "What do you know about my mother? Where is she?" Kahli grabbed the bars after she rushed forward, slamming her body into the side of the cage. "If you know something - !"

"Psh," Reggie waved her off. "I don't know anything. I just wanted to see what you would do." He glanced over at her, smirking.

Bastard. Kahli wanted to beat him until he cried. She was pretty sure if she swore, while she punched him in the face, Reggie would break down in tears. Pressing her lips together, she worked the muscle in her jaw until she didn't want to chomp his head off with her teeth. "Stop messing with me, Reggie. We're in this together or we're not. If you don't help me save Will, then I won't help you. It'll be a lot harder to keep your head on your shoulders when the Queen finds out that I'm in your possession with a huge-ass scar on my neck. You know what she's going to think, right? That you did it."

Reggie turned toward her, his arms falling to his sides, "She'll believe whatever I tell her." He watched Kahli, waiting for her to say something, but when she didn't, he asked, "You think she won't?"

"If the King is out of the picture, it just looks damning. Maybe he had nothing to do with this," she gestured to herself, pointing at her neck with a curved wrist. "Or, maybe it was your fault. Maybe my memory isn't so good anymore, and I woke up here after you killed Will. Will was hers, too, you know. Showing up with both of us would clear up a lot of questions and put you in her favor. When heads are rolling around like snowballs, I'd think that was a good spot to be."

Reggie's eyes were black orbs. They fixated on Kahli as she spoke. His pale fingers tapped gently on his shirtsleeve. When she finished speaking, Reggie said nothing. He had a distant look in his eye, like he was trying to remember something. When he blinked again, the vacant look faded, and he slipped his hands into his pockets. "Perhaps, you're right. A trade, then. Will for your cooperation?"

"Yes," she snapped, banging the bars with the back of her hand for emphasis. "I already agreed. Drop the formality and let's get on with it."

Reggie grinned crookedly, "Not so fast, I still need you to supply me with more blood - a vial."

Kahli cringed at the idea, but agreed. She could smash the vial later. "Done. Now let me out of here." Reggie strode toward the cage and pressed his finger to the metal lock. The keypad warmed under his touch and clicked. There was a scrape and Reggie swung the door open.

"Please, sit." Reggie said, extending his long fingers toward the ugly couch.

"We need to get Will. He'll die out there if we don't go soon."

Reggie shook his head. Turning, he grabbed a black leather satchel from his desk and turned to her. Walking to the sofa he said, "All in good time; the vial first, William second." Kahli's lips pressed into a thin line, like she'd say no, so he added, "He's not in any danger. The runes would be blaring like an alarm, if he were."

Kahli watched Reggie pull out a syringe and vial from the black bag. He ripped open a needle from a sealed plastic bag and assembled the thing. Holding out his hand, he waited for Kahli to offer her arm.

"Fine," she bit the word and thrust her arm toward him. "Do it fast."

"Of course," Reggie said. Taking her by the elbow, Reggie tied off her upper arm with a piece of plastic from the kit. Kahli grit her teeth, but didn't move. His delicate fingers pushed around on her arm before he lifted the needle and pushed it into her vein. Grinning, he watched the thick red blood spill into the vial, utterly delighted.

For a moment, Kahli thought this was the stupidest thing she'd ever done - but it was Reggie. He was completely lacking in the motivation department. Odds were that he'd keep the blood for himself and have a drop now and then. She could always find it later. This wasn't a problem right now. One thing at a time, Kahli, she told herself as she watched the vial fill up. When it was full, he removed the needle, slipping it from her skin. A drop of blood pooled on her arm where the needle had been.

"May I?" he asked.

Kahli's eyes narrowed. She pulled her arm to her mouth and licked away the drop of blood. "No. One vial. That's it. Use that from now on. I don't want to get vamp herpes or whatever else you're carrying."

Reggie looked aghast. He shrunk away from Kahli swiftly and pocketed the vial. "As you wish, you vulgar creature."

Reggie felt the telltale burn of the rune two seconds before it happened. He had just enough time to turn his face toward the front of the house. A loud crash came from the front room. It sounded like three dozen wine glasses all shattered at once. Reggie pinched the bridge of his nose. "He wasn't this barbaric before you came along," Reggie said, and walked out of the room.

Kahli followed Reggie down a dark hall that opened up into the front sitting room. Will lay on his side amongst shattered glass from the large front window. The thick drapes billowed as the wind blew through the opening. Will's leg was covered in blood, and tiny red lines scratched his cheeks. Will pushed himself upright and raised his hand. Pointing his finger at Reggie, he said, "She's coming with me."

Reggie rolled his eyes, "You could have used the door, William. That wild girl is rubbing off on you and it's not becoming." Reggie stepped past Will, allowing him to see Kahli.

Kahli stood there, lips parted, watching Will. She rushed toward him, heart pounding much harder than it should have been, and held him in her arms for a second. Will remained rigid, and made a small noise when she squeezed him. Blushing slightly, Kahli remembered they weren't alone and stepped back. Her eyes darted to Reggie who was examining his picture window, which was now in a million glittering pieces.

When Kahli looked back at Will, she asked, "Are you all right? Please, tell me you are. When the safe house collapsed, I thought - "

He spoke soothingly, rubbing his hands over her arms, "I'm fine, Kahli. I'm just glad the King didn't find you first." Will stared at her like he thought he'd never see her again. The look said so much, but having him that close, and that emotionally charged, made her feel what he felt. Too many fears, hopes, and dreams flittered through her stomach when Will looked at her. After a moment, Will asked, "Did he do anything?" Will tipped his head toward Reggie.

Before Kahli could answer, Reggie snapped, "Of course I did." The sunlight poured through the busted window, but the wind was too frigid to feel its warmth. Reggie narrowed his eyes and spoke directly to Will, ignoring Kahli like she wasn't there, "She's an ill-mannered twit. I shocked her a few times, and dislocated her arm, amongst other things that will infuriate you, no doubt."

As Reggie spoke, Will noticed the crook of Kahli's arm. He pulled it straight and examined the tiny pinprick with a smear of dark red across her pale skin. Will's gaze drifted up to Kahli's face. "He took blood from you?" She nodded. "And you let him?" The pitch of his voice rose as his dark brows creased his forehead.

Kahli smiled at him and nodded, "It's part of the deal."

"What deal?"

Reggie grabbed his long black coat from the front closet, and ushered the two of them toward the door. "Hope you don't mind if we use the door this time," Reggie grumbled something about centuries old glass imported from the Old World that was reduced to rubble. Speaking more clearly, he continued, "Get into my truck, and she can tell you all about it along the way."

Chapter 24

Cole didn't know what to say. Cassie begged him to leave without her. She actually thought that life here was better! The thought made him sick. Walking the halls aimlessly, Cole finally stopped on a bench near the front of the palace. Guards moved quickly, pouring in and out through the picture perfect front doors in waves. Their microfiber suits clung to the vampire's gangly forms, and made their skin look more yellow than usual. Cole lowered himself, and sat on the bench. For a moment he did nothing, his thoughts about Cassie derailed. There was something about the way the vamps moved that caught his eye, but Cole couldn't put a finger on what was wrong. They were preparing for an invasion, no doubt, but that wasn't it. There was something else. These guards were lethargic, their limbs moving awkwardly as they attempted a steady jog out the front of the palace. Cole watched until the Captain saw him.

The female vampire was ghastly thin, practically all bones. Dark hair was pinned on her head, pulled back tightly from her narrow face. Black eyes skewered him in place, "What are you doing here?" Before Cole could answer, she gripped his arm digging her nails into his flesh, "Better get back to your own kind before something unexpected happens to you." Wrenched upright, the Captain lifted Cole with ease. She was stronger than most vamps.

Sneering at her, Cole ripped his arm away, "What are you implying, Captain?"

"I'm not implying a damn thing. I'm overtly telling you to get out or I'll feed you to my men." Her eyes slipped over Cole while she spoke, as if she were assessing how many vampires he could nourish.

Cole wanted to fight her, to run a stake through her heart. It was her kind that made Cassie what she was - weak and defenseless. This is what caused his sister to feel like she was so brittle that she couldn't escape with him. Hatred boiled in his blood, but Cole's face remained expressionless.

The Captain grabbed his shoulder, meaning to spin Cole around, and push him back towards his section of the palace. But, Cole grabbed her wrist hard, and yanked the vamp eye to eye. "Do not touch me," he growled in her face.

The vampire started to laugh, like she thought Cole was insignificant as a flea, but before she could utter another word, Cole reached into his pocket and wrapped his fingers around his knife. Before she realized what he was doing, the blade pierced her gut. The Captain gasped. When she tried to pull back, Cole held her close, his eyes right in front of hers. "Tell me what I want to know, or I'll kill you."

Eyes fell on them, but Cole's body blocked the knife. Cole could feel the cold unnatural stares on the back of his neck as vampires stopped to see what their Captain was doing. Cole spoke softly, "Tell them to continue or I'll jab this straight up into your heart right now."

The Captain remained close to Cole, her eyes narrowed into tiny slits of hatred. The Captain barked, "Continue as directed, while I take care of this problem." She hissed the last word. Cole knew she'd kill him if he gave her the opportunity.

"The weakest spot in the perimeter, where is it?" When she didn't answer, Cole pushed the knife in harder. Sticky black blood oozed from her wound and back down the knife onto his hand. "Where is it?"

"The south side of the palace." The Captain stared at Cole, not offering more.

Cole's body tensed. His hand gripped her shoulder harder as he started to twist the blade slowly. Watching her eyes, he said, "Be more specific, Captain."

The vampire bit her lip, drawing black blood as Cole twisted the knife. A scream caught in her throat. Her entire body was tense, ready to fight, but she was too weak. Cole held the knife in place, allowing her blood to drain. The suit she wore soaked up the blood before it ever hit the floor. No one could see what he was doing. No one would know that this human was so strong, that he killed the Captain with an embrace and a well-placed knife.

A gurgling sound came from her throat when she tried to speak, but Cole didn't care. An inky trail of blood ran from the corner of her lips. "Tell me," he hissed, knowing he only had seconds remaining before the vamp died.

"The south wall, under the palace, i-gardunm - " her final words were garbled. Cole didn't understand her. Pulling her limp body closer, he moved the dead vampire to his back, holding her arms around his neck like he was in a head lock. Her freakishly unblinking eyes would go unnoticed, at least he hoped so.

Cole turned away from the front door, stumbling like he was being shoved and snapped over his shoulder, "I'm going, I'm going! You don't have to be so mean about it." His voice was loud enough that a few of the guards that remained the foyer didn't bother coming over. It looked like their Captain was taking care of a pain-in-the-ass human.

Vampires were fools. Their arrogance made them blind. When Cole rounded the corner, he kicked open the first closet he found, and shoved the Captain inside. After searching her, Cole took her keys along with a vial of blood. Cole smashed the vial on the ground, ruining its contents so that no one would gain strength from his kind.

The corner of Cole's lip twitched before pulling into a twisted smile. "This is going to be just like Deliverance Day. Maybe even better."

Chapter 25

Cassie didn't want to go through with the Pairing, and as the hour grew nearer, she felt worse. Looking over her shoulder, she expected Cole to show up again, but he didn't. Cassie sat in front of a mirror, letting Brianna help her tame her curls. The girl pulled her hair until Cassie's scalp ached, but she didn't care. A sickening feeling crept from her stomach and up her throat - she told Cole to go on without her. After all this time, there would be no one left to protect her here. She was on her own from now on.

Part of Cassie didn't think Cole would leave without her, but the other part knew that he needed to. She would just slow him down, and while Cassie didn't want to be dead-weight, she knew she was. There was nothing she lent to aiding in his escape. There was no way to help Cole. She'd just get him caught.

Brianna gently tapped the top of her head with a comb, "Hello? I'm talking to you. Anyone home?"

Cassie blinked and came back to the present. "Oh, sorry, Brianna. I zoned out for a second." Cassie smiled at her in the mirror. "What were you saying?"

Brianna laughed, instantly assuming the wrong reason for Cassie's distraction, "You can't stop thinking about him, can you?" Cassie didn't reply. It was easier to let Brianna think what she wanted. "I was asking you if there was another guy that you'd rather be Paired with."

Cassie's big brown eyes looked up at Brianna's in the mirror, "No, not really. I've never really thought about it before." That wasn't totally true, but she barely spoke to this girl. In truth, Kahli was the only girl in palace that she'd felt like she could talk to. With everyone else, it was a matter of being friendly, but she didn't share her concerns or dreams, not that she had dreams anymore.

Cassie was at the end of her life, of that she was certain. If Kahli hadn't saved her from the Purging, something else would have ended her insignificant life - maybe a scrape or a bruise - or the birth of her child. It killed Cassie to think about bringing a baby into this world, especially because she wouldn't be there to protect and raise that child. It was like they were livestock and nothing more. That's what humanity aspired to, and they seemed content.

When Cassie was a child, before that bloody Deliverance Day that ended with her and Cole living in the palace, everyone hoped to live in the palace. It was the place where humans were the safest. There was no fear of the elements, no worries about clothing or food. There was always a soft bed and plenty of blankets. And they limited how often a person could be used for feeding. It sounded like utopia back then, but now it was different. Cassie felt no different living here than she did at the old farm. In the end, she was still just a body to be used how the vampires pleased. Cassie was born into slavery and she would die that way.

As she thought of these things, Brianna prattled on, "The guy with the brown hair and the dark eyes, what's his name?"

"They all have brown hair and dark eyes," Cassie replied, trying not to sound snide, but she really wanted to laugh. Kahli would have laughed. "You'll have to be more specific."

Brianna tapped the comb to her lip and had a far-away look in her eye. "He's named after a poet - Browning?"

"Chaucer," Cassie replied, knowing exactly who Brianna was talking about. They lived in the palace together for years, but the guys were kept at a distance. The only time they really spoke was at special events and the Purging. Chaucer had made an impression on Cassie. He'd been on her team once. The guy was a poet, if there were such occupations anymore. Cassie felt warmth spread through her heart as she thought about it. Chaucer was kind, but he wasn't a push-over, either. He was like Cole in some ways - he looked out for the weaker people in his group - but he wore his heart on his sleeve. Cole hid everything, letting his pain fester inside.

"Yeah! Him," Brianna gushed. "Oh my God. His lips are so smooth. And the way his hair curls slightly," Brianna kissed her fingers. It was something she got from old spaghetti ads. A curvy woman pressed her fingers to her lips and kissed them. Brianna thought it was cute and had been doing it for a while. "Al dente!"

"Do you even know what that means?" Cassie asked, grinning.

Brianna threw out a narrow hip and said, "Does it matter? I look awesome doing it. It makes all the guys drool, and al dente just sounds awesome. I'd like to be al dente."

"You are al dente. We're all al dente." Cassie smirked at her.

"Well," Brianna asked, sounding a little terse, more than she should have, "what does it mean, if you even know?"

"It means were done. Finished. Ready to be eaten." Cassie stared blankly in the mirror as she said it. All the fun was sucked out of the air instantly.

Brianna seemed annoyed, "You're such a downer, Cassie. Pull it together, all ready."

"I am together," Cassie snapped, and tugged her hair away from Brianna. "Just because I think quoting Spaghetti-O ads is silly, doesn't mean - "

Brianna cut her off, "It was a famous French chef. And whatever. Do your own hair. Wallow over here by yourself, for all I care. I was just trying to be nice, but it doesn't really matter what you do, Brent will want you anyway, because you're his only choice." Her words became sharper as Brianna spoke, but the smile remained on her lips. If you watched the conversation through the window, it looked like they were friends, but they weren't. Brianna tossed the comb in front of the mirror and walked away.

Cassie didn't like her anyway, but isolating herself from the other girls was stupid. She'd done it once before and things didn't end well. Cassie ran a brush through her hair. It was wavy now, and not hanging in tight ringlets. Brianna had put make-up on her face, too. Cassie's brown eyes were surrounded by black dust, her lashes dark as night. As she stared at her reflection, Cassie didn't feel like herself.

"Good," she mumbled to no one. "If I felt like myself, I couldn't possibly go through with this."

Cassie pulled the sheer lace dress over her head and smoothed it out. This was different than last time. This time she knew what she was walking into. Last time, she had no idea. The King wanted her, that was what Cassie had been told. She practically bounced down the hallway that night, heading directly toward the King's rooms thinking she'd been called for blood and that her blood was finally worth something. What awaited her that night was very different. She cringed thinking about it, thinking about being used like that, but here she was doing it again. Last time, Cassie had no choice, but this time was different.

There was a knock on her door. Cassie glanced at the three empty beds, before saying, "Come in."

It was Miriam, "Just checking to make sure you're ready, Cassie." Miriam entered the room and stood in front of Cassie, looking her over. "Stand up, girl. Spin. I haven't got all night."

Cassie did as she was told. The corners of her mouth felt like they were weighed down with lead weights. "Do I look all right?" Cassie asked because she didn't know what else to say.

"The gown is a little big through the hips. Come here and I'll fix it." Miriam pulled the sewing kit from under her arm and opened the box. Inside was a rainbow of spools of thread, different sized scissors, zippers, fashion tape, and anything you could possibly need to mend a garment. Miriam selected a black spool, threaded the needle with the precision of a master seamstress, and got to work. She used a combination of stitches and dressing tape to make the gown fit right. "It probably doesn't matter how much I fix this. That boy'll just rip it off of you anyway and another gown will go in the trash." Miriam held the black lace in her hands, looking down at it with remorse.

Cassie put her hand on Miriam's shoulder, "I'll make sure the dress doesn't get ruined. It's your finest, by far."

Her kind words made Miriam look down at the hem of the dress longer than usual. The woman didn't take compliments well. Cassie was smiling as she reached into the box and fished something out of the sewing kit. Cassie slipped it behind her back, her heart pounded wildly as she did it. Cassie wasn't cunning. She didn't lie, cheat, or steal - but a plan formed when that box opened. The sparkling scissors caught Cassie's eye like a glittering bar of gold and she couldn't look away. Before she realized what she was doing, she gave Miriam compliments that were designed to pull her heartstrings, and Cassie's fingers wrapped around the item she wanted, lifting it out of the box without Miriam noticing.

Miriam stood, and squeezed Cassie's cheek like she was a little girl. "You're too good to be in a place like this."

Grinning shyly, Cassie said, "No, I don't think so. After all, I'm here for the same reason you are," Cassie replied, hoping that Miriam was too distracted to notice that she took something.

Miriam looked up at her, confused. "And what's that?"

"They have really good food."

Miriam laughed. Shaking her head, she said, "You're a rare breed." Gathering the sewing box, Miriam tossed her things back inside and hurried out the door to the next girl.

Normally, Miriam would have been assigned one girl per night during the Pairing, but with the way they changed things, she was a distracted, frantic mess. Nothing was perfect and Miriam had been fretting since she found out about the changes that morning.

Cassie watched her disappear through the door, and then looked down at her scantily clad body and wondered where to hide the stolen scissors.

Chapter 26

Will sat between Kahli and Reggie, his eyes darting between them as they spoke. "Don't go this way," Kahli hissed at Reggie, practically crawling over Will to make a grab for the steering wheel.

Reggie swatted at her hands. When they hit a patch of ice, the back of the truck slid and hit a bump, knocking Kahli back into her seat. Reggie fumed, "I'll go the way I please, you deranged lunatic!" Glancing at William, he added, "Please restrain that beast or I'll stop the truck and throw her in the box in the back!"

Will ignored Reggie, but yanked Kahli down when she tried to reach past him again. "I'd like to get there without a tree in my head, Kahli."

She huffed and sat down, "He's taking us to the front of the palace! They'll shoot us and ask questions later."

"Shows what you know," Reggie hissed at her, glancing briefly before narrowing his gaze on the road again. "Which is nothing, by the way. The Queen has scouts on this road. She'll know we're coming long before we get there. And with the insane way Sophia was acting yesterday, she'll wait to kill me until she sees why I came back. Then I offer up the two of you, and I'm her favorite sibling again."

"You're her only sibling," Kahli muttered, folding her arms over her chest and slumping back into the seat. Her gaze cut to Will. He wasn't acting like himself, but then neither was she. Somehow, they had to get out of the truck.

Reggie grunted, but Will cut him off before he could say anything else, and asked, "What's the plan after you get inside? Are you just going to walk straight up to her and stab her?" His dark brow creased as he looked over at the vampire.

Reggie shrugged, "Sounds good to me."

"No it doesn't," Will sighed loudly and shook his head. "If she's expecting an attack, she'll be ready."

Reggie lifted a tapered finger from the steering wheel, and formally announced, "Ah, yes, but I've had more of that creature's blood. I should be stronger, by far."

"Should be," Will said firmly. "I wouldn't base my life on a guess."

"It's not a guess. Kahli told me how many times she was called for tastings, and I know my hideous sister couldn't manage to swallow more than a drop at a time. I did the math, William. I know that I've had more than her." Reggie spoke with the regal authority of an aristocrat.

"So, you're willing to bet your life on that?" Will asked.

"It's not a bet. It's a fact."

"Then let me ask you this - did you ever stop to think why you managed to swallow Kahli's blood, but the Queen, the strongest vampire in the world, couldn't?" Will's question jolted Reggie. His foot lifted from the accelerator as a dazed expression came across his face. The truck began to drift off the road. The pitch of the shoulders on the road were so slanted from snow and ice that hitting it would be like hitting a wall.

"Steer!" Kahli screamed and reached for the steering wheel again, throwing her body across Will's to grab at it.

Reggie snapped to life, and jerked the truck back before it hit. Will wrapped his fingers around Kahli's waist and set her back in her seat. She frowned at him. "So, it's okay if he crashes us?"

"No. I prefer to get there in one piece. It's been a while since I was able to go anywhere without getting covered in blood." Will smirked as he said it. Kahli's eyes slide over Will's face. She was having difficulty getting a read on him. His emotions were jumbled like a ball of yarn. There was no clear feeling, just a tangled mess.

Reggie added, "There's a simple, red-headed reason for that."

Kahli scowled, and looked at the door as she pressed her lips tightly together. Her gaze lowered to the door latch, and lingered there. It was long enough for Will to realize that she was thinking about jumping. Will took her hand in his before Kahli reached for it. "Please don't jump out the door. Then I'd have to jump out after you and I'm really not up to it right now." He smirked, rubbing her hand in his, not hiding his feelings toward Kahli from Reggie. When questioned later, Reggie would find out anyway...if there was a later. At the rate Reggie was going, he'd be lucky if they got the Queen's palace alive. As it was Reggie was driving like a madman. The truck was bouncing along the icy road with the back fishtailing, as they turned onto another blindingly bright road. The way the sun shone down at this time of day made it difficult to see. The ice reflected the light back up into their faces, illuminating everything like they were standing under a massive search light.

Kahli smiled at Will sheepishly. It was the most girlish look Will had ever seen on her face. Will wanted to reach out, press his hand to her cheeks, and kiss her. It was perfect, until Reggie muttered, "So, you can tame the beast? I knew you were good for something."

Before Kahli could say anything, Will turned to Reggie. Cutting Kahli off, he said, "The Queen might be more powerful than you think."

Reggie's voice changed from certain to irritated, "Just let me handle my sister. I know things you don't, all right?"

"Such as?" Will promoted, not thinking that Reggie would answer him. The vampire was strange. He never acted predictably. Reggie probably thought it was too mundane to behave in a normal fashion.

Reggie tightened his grip on the steering wheel, making his knuckles crack. Finally, he growled, "All those fights you saw over the years, well, guess what? They were staged. STAGED, as in fake. As in not real." Reggie glanced at Will, but Will didn't speak. He knew Reggie was holding back for some reason. Now he knew why. Reggie rolled his eyes, his gaze narrowing as he looked out the windshield. "Sophia's insane, in case you haven't noticed. She's weaker than I am. I let her win."

"Why?" Kahli asked, her lips pulled back in disgust.

Reggie arched a dark brow at her, like she was a moron. "Blood. She gave me extra, sometimes it was even fresh." He scoffed at her, "Why else would I do anything?" Will knew Reggie well, and had no doubt that he was telling the truth, but he could sense there was more to the story. Reggie continued, "Sophia has been staging those fights for years. She wanted to make the other Regent thought she was stronger and more fearsome that she actually was. It kept her from real fighting, from dealing with challengers that would try to take her throne."

While that may have been true, Will knew she was strong and merciless. He'd been by Sophia's side since he was sold to Reggie. The Queen favored his looks and his wit, so Will had gotten access and heard things that no one else knew. Reggie had been able to pry most of those secrets from him due to the runes. Ownership was nearly all of the law, but one rune trumped them all, and no one knew he had it. Reggie had no idea how deep Will's debt was, neither did Sophia. While the King thought about branding him with another rune, he never did. At least that was one person Will didn't owe a damn thing, but at the same time, Will couldn't escape his bonds without the King. There was a reason for all those years of favors, all those things he'd done that he shouldn't have. Loyalty, runes, and blood compelled him. Will's hand tightened around Kahli's.

When neither of them spoke, Reggie blurted out the obvious, "You know you can't save her, William, so why have you allowed yourself to grow attached to this one?"

The way he said, this one, made Kahli glance at Will. The expression on her face made her thoughts transparent - there were others?

Damn you, Reggie, Will thought. "I can do what I like, as long as I'm loyal to you, so what do you care if I favor her?"

Kahli's green eyes sparkled like gems. They darted between the two as they spoke, but she said nothing. Will could feel a pulling sensation in her gut like he was hurting her, stretching her too far, too fast. There was no time to deal with that now. There was no way to explain what he was and what he'd done. The part that Will wanted to reveal the most was the one thing he could never say. It was the thing that would destroy any chance they had of being together. His thumb brushed the rune on the back of her wrist as he thought about it. Kahli was promised to someone else. Reggie was right, even if the vamp didn't know why.

"Just don't do anything stupid, and stop drooling on her," Reggie responded not looking at them.

"I'm right here. You can act like it." Kahli said and leaned back in her seat, folding her arms across her chest.

Will laughed.

Reggie responded, "Yes, I don't see how we could forget. You are the one that caused all these problems. It seems fitting that you're the one to end them." Before Kahli could say a word, Reggie broke formality and blurted out, "Oh, shut up and listen. This is what we are doing once Sophia's guards find us." Reggie began to speak, filling in bits of information that Will suspected and other things that he already knew. Kahli remained leaning against the door, looking bored, but her sharp gaze didn't fool him. She was listening, trying to figure out every scenario, looking for a way to win - to escape. No matter what Kahli said or promised, she was wild and no wild creature willingly surrendered their freedom.

Chapter 27

Cassie's heart pounded in her chest, as she walked to her Pairing. Two guards accompanied her, one trailing behind to make sure she didn't try to run away. Cassie was somber, watching her bare feet fall one in front of the other, as she followed the guard in front down the long hall. Each of the girls was taken out one at a time. Alice was escorted away first. She was beautiful, but the sullen expression in her eyes made Cassie's heart break. There was no way to stop the Pairing.

As they walked down the long hall, two maids entered and started to pull the long drapes closed to keep out the night chill. Cassie watched them do it as the last rays of light spilled through the floor to ceiling glass. This was the last time the sunlight would touch her face. After tonight, she'd be a different person. There was no way she could go through with this and remained unchanged. Lowering her gaze to the carpet, Cassie knew Cole was neck-deep in his escape plan by now. She hoped that sacrificing herself gave him the chance he needed to get away undetected. No one was watching for him this evening. He wasn't Paired with anyone.

As they neared the room where Brent was waiting, Cassie's stomach turned to lead. She shivered, even though the palace was warm. Her steps became smaller, resulting in slower movements. The guard at her back pressed a hand to her shoulder and shoved. "Hurry up."

Cassie stumbled forward. She hurried, not wanting the vamp to touch her again. His hand felt like a rotten apple. The outside was still smooth, but the muscle beneath was soft. Her stomach twisted, threating to heave. Cassie steeled herself and kept walking. She ignored the tension in her throat that was choking her, ignored the rising bile, ignored her trembling hands, and held her head high. She chose this path. It was her life and this was what she decided to do. It was best for her and Cole.

"No regrets," she whispered to herself when they stopped in front of a large wooden door. The dark wood was carved with cherubs and swags of flowers that existed when the world was warm. Blinking, she stared at it for a moment. Before the guard had a chance to open the door, Cassie reached for the handle and twisted. "No regrets," she said more firmly and walked inside.

Her chest felt so tight that Cassie could hardly breathe. Stepping further into the room, she looked around. The ceiling was made of black glass. It was smoked, tinting the panes gray, so that it didn't draw attention to the row of windows that lined the ceiling of the room. Cassie swallowed hard. A poster bed with a slatted headboard was in the center of the room, the windows directly above. There were a few vampires looking down at her. She could make out their shapes through the glass. Cassie ignored them and walked toward the bed. She didn't see Brent. For some reason, he wasn't here yet. That was odd. Cassie always thought that they brought the girl in second. There were things that the vampires told the males they had to do to make sure they did their job right. That included the location of rope, amongst other things to make their encounter more successful.

Cassie stopped when she reached the bed. Turning slowly, she looked around the room. The walls were perfectly bare, nothing but black paint. A lamp flickered on a nightstand next to the bed. When examined more closely, she could see that the flame was contained within a safety housing. It was a safe-lamp, made from glass that wouldn't shatter and oil that wouldn't burn if the lamp was damaged. Cassie bent over to watch the flame dance, wondering how they lit the thing in the first place.

At that moment, the door behind her creaked open, and Brent said, "Stay just like that and things will go well for you." His voice dripped down her spine like ice. Cassie straightened and turned quickly, her hands flying up to cover things that she didn't want to reveal. Brent laughed, "The vamps took a little extra time with me. They think you and I are a good pairing, Cassie. And I told them I'd do whatever it takes to make this happen. So what's it going to be? The easy way?" He grinned wolfishly and Cassie's pulse shot into heart attack territory. A piece of rope appeared in his hands. He snapped it, and it made a loud cracking noise as he moved toward her. "Honestly, I prefer the rope."

Cassie's spine straightened. Her heart pounded relentlessly against her ribs, telling her to run, but she didn't. Cassie forced her arms to her sides and held Brent's gaze. She moved toward him slowly, gracefully. The only thing she didn't plan for was her voice, but when she spoke she didn't recognize it, "Honestly, I'll let you do whatever you want as long as this Pairing is successful. The girls told me that there are certain things you need to do to make sure it is."

Brent stopped in his tracks, his jaw fell open. Cassie grinned in response. "You're going to let me?" he asked, baffled.

Cassie folded her arms over her chest, forcing her cl**vage higher, before throwing her hip out. Brianna had done it so many times. It made her figure look curvy. "Why wouldn't I?"

"Your brother, he said - " Brent stammered.

Cassie cut him off, "Cole's not here. Do you seriously want me talking about another guy? Or would you like to get on with things?"

"Get on with things," he said obediently. For once, Cassie was glad she listened to the girls gossiping. They said a powerful woman was attractive, that a man couldn't resist a girl who knew what she wanted. Cassie played the part to the extreme. She walked up to Brent and yanked the rope from his hands.

"Save this for later. Right now, I want you on the bed." When he only managed to stare at her, she barked, "Now!"

Brent ran to the bed and jumped on. He was beaming, suddenly compliant. Cassie felt sick. She didn't know how far to push things. Walking slowly toward the bed, she held her shoulders back, forcing her chest out. Swaying her h*ps as she walked, Cassie stole a peek at the windows above. One figure stood at the glass watching them. The pit of her stomach fell as she looked away. Looking up was stupid. It made her lose her nerve, and if anything she needed more guts right now, not less.

Cassie's lips pulled into a smile. It felt fake, but Brent beamed back at her. Lifting one leg, Cassie climbed up onto the bed and crawled toward Brent, moving slowly, letting him watch her.

"Cassie, I had no idea - "

"Shut up. If you talk again, I'll gag you." Brent's smile widened and he shook his head vigorously. The stories that were going to circulate about her tomorrow would make her face burn for a year. There was no way to hide something like this. Pushing away the thought, Cassie did what she had to. She crawled to Brent, where he lay in the center of the bed with his back against the pillows. He was looking up at her with excitement clearly strewn across his face. Cassie smiled lazily as she leaned closer to him, making him breathless. Her dark long hair fell over her shoulders; her dress gaped giving him a good view of her slender form. "You are never going to forget tonight, Brent. Ever." Before he could grin any harder, Cassie leaned forward and pressed her lips to his.

Revulsion shot through her, but Cassie didn't pull away. As the kiss deepened, Brent's hands lifted and slid down her sides, cupping her butt and pulling her closer. Cassie wanted to punch him in the face, but she didn't. Instead she managed a moan, like she liked his man-paws crushing her. As she kissed him, one of her hands tangled in his hair, while the other reached down the front of her bodice.

When his hands came up to remove the dress, Cassie whispered in his ear, "Allow me." Brent's body was so tense. If he didn't let her, she knew she was screwed.

"Damn, Cassie. Do it. Strip." Brent's voice was husky, and he grinned at her as he said it. He had no clue.

Cassie moved her leg, as if she was going to climb on top of Brent, but her hand reached down her bodice, and gripped her improvised weapon. Cassie used the fashion tape to secure the tiny pair of scissors Miriam had in her sewing kit. It was the only place the guards didn't check. The metal was cold and sharp as knives. One flick with these and Brent would bleed out. Cassie slowly slid one leg over Brent and leaned in close to him. She pressed the cold metal under his chin, knowing her long dark hair blocked the shears from the windows. No one could see what she was doing to him. No one would interfere.

Brent sucked in a startled gasp, "What the - ?"

"Shhh," Cassie leaned down and whispered in his ear, "We're doing things my way. If you don't I'll shove these scissors into your guts and you'll bleed out before they realize what's happened." Cassie's eyes lifted to the windows when she said it. The vamps could only watch what they could see, and despite their precautions, Cassie got a weapon into the room. No one suspected her. Poor weak Cassie. She played to that assumption. Weak didn't mean stupid.

"What do you want me to do?"

As Cassie opened her mouth to tell him, the ceiling above them shattered. Brent screamed and covered his face with his hands. Shards of glass fell like rain. Cassie rolled off of Brent and onto the floor, yanking the blanket at the foot of the bed over her bare skin. The scissors went flying. Before she could peek out, a strong hand was on her, wrapped around her arm, pulling her to her feet.

"Are you all right? Cassie, talk to me!" Cole said urgently, shaking her.

Cassie's eyes were wide. "Are you insane?"

Cole shook his head, "Not today." The way he said it made her heart clench. He was being serious. Cole looked at Brent, ready to do something vicious.

"Cole! Stop!" Cassie grabbed his arm as Cole spun towards Brent.

When Cole dropped from the ceiling, Brent sat there, too afraid to move - to speak. "I didn't touch her," he said lifting his hands.

"You would have,"

"She wanted it," Brent said, certain that Cassie did want him.

Cole's fist flew, but before it could connect with Brent's face, Cassie grabbed Cole's arm. Yanking it back by the elbow wasn't enough. Cole was too strong, so she dropped to her knees and used her body weight to pull Cole backward. He looked down at her like she was crazy.

"Stop," she scolded, hanging from his arm like a rag doll. "I had this under control. I was going to make it look like we did something, but he didn't touch me. Whatever you're doing kind of screwed that up. So clue me in or get out." Cassie held her hands on her h*ps as she scolded him. Cole's eyes didn't drift off her face.

"What I'm doing?" Cole said, shaking her off. Cassie stumbled, but managed to get to her feet. "I'm saving you!"

"No! You messed up my plan!" Cassie yelled and pointed to the windows above, "They're gonna notice that, if they haven't already. They wouldn't have noticed what I was doing at all. Damn it, Cole! Why couldn't you just listen to me for once?"

Cole grumbled, "They didn't notice anything." Glancing at the shattered panes above, he smiled and looked back at Cassie, "There's a staffing issue in this wing tonight."

Cassie's face fell. She looked over Cole's white microfiber suit, but there was no trace of what he'd done. "Cole, you didn't?"

His face pinched together, offended, "You act like it's a bad thing."

"It is! You can't kill them all!"

Brent blanched, and his eyes widened. "Whoa, wait a second. You killed everyone in the control booth?"

Cole nodded once, his gaze still hostile. "And their backup, so let's get out of here before someone notices."

Cassie closed her eyes and pressed the heel of her hand against them hard, "I told you that I'm not coming." She spoke calmly, but fury was building inside of her, ready to erupt.

"It's not an option." Cole threw a white suit at her. It hit the back of her hands, before it fell to the floor. She didn't pick it up. "Get dressed. We're leaving. Now."

Brent managed to get to his feet. He was still wearing sleep cloths, silky red pajamas. "What about me?"

"What about you?" Cole snapped, not bothering to look at him.

Brent recoiled, and backed away. "Come on, Cole. You're not going to leave me here, are you?" Cole's eyes said everything. He planned on leaving Brent behind.

Cassie suddenly asked, "Where are the others?"

Cole averted his gaze for a moment. Cassie had her back to them and was slipping the suit under that flimsy gown. He didn't turn until he saw her back covered in the white fabric. By then, she'd pulled the suit on and was trying to get her hair out of the neck. She didn't look like herself. Her curls were tamed into silky smooth waves, and her face was... he didn't want to think about it. Cole answered, "Secure. You know we can't talk here. Let's go."

"We can't leave him," Cassie protested looking at Brent.

"He's not coming."

"Cole."

"Cassie," Cole retorted sounding cold and firm.

Cassie knew fighting for Brent was a lost cause. Guilt gnawed at her. She tried one more time, "Please. Cole, we can't leave him behind. They'll kill him."

Cole's eyes were hard. He stared down at Cassie, unblinking. Without warning, he turned and grabbed Brent by the neck, dragging the guy to his face he said, "She saved your life twice tonight."

"Twice?" Brent choked out.

"Twice, you ass. If she wasn't blocking your heart when I came through the ceiling, I would have killed you. That was my original plan. She saved your worthless life and if you do a single thing that pisses me off, I'll break my promise to Cassie. Am I clear?"

"Crystal," Brent choked and Cole dropped him to the floor.

Chapter 28

Celticad ordered the rest of the King's entourage to hang back. His plan was simple. Find the underground tunnels that led into the palace and assassinate the Queen. They plotted as they drove closer to the palace. When they were near the edge of the Queen's grounds, Celticad stopped the car.

"We go on foot from here."

"What makes you think the tunnel is still there? It's been centuries since it was buried by snow." The King emerged from the car dressed in white. Out of curiosity, he focused on his fingers, his gaze narrowing as he directed heat to them. His gloved hand shimmered and disappeared. The King grinned widely. His body didn't convert Kahli's blood quickly, but when it did, he realized he was more and more like his old self.

Celticad watched as the King's hand reappeared. The giant vampire smiled savagely, certain he chose the right side. "It stands to reason that the passages are still accessible. The Queen kept the terrain surrounding the palace very similar to the way it was before the flood. The permafrost is thinner here. She didn't allow the snow and ice to build up, so the entrance should still be useable."

The King nodded, noticing Celticad's smile. As they walked onto the Queen's property, the King said over his shoulder, "Kill anyone that gets in your way. I don't care who it is. By sunrise, there will be a new monarch."

"Yes, my King." Celticad's voice was tense with a hint of excitement. He towered over the King, following a few steps behind, watching the blinding terrain as they walked to the South side of the palace. The wind howled like a caged beast, whipping flakes of snow into the air. The King continued on like he wasn't blinded by the white flecks. When they were nearly to the garden, Celticad pushed in front of the King. Neither of them spoke. Celticad lifted a large white hand, indicating that the King should wait, but the King had no such intention.

When they reached the top of the snow bank at the South wall, there were two guards. One was on the tower constructed for the Purging. "How predictable," the King muttered, disappointed. The vamp on the wall had a good vantage point, but the wind made it difficult to see. Before Celticad could do anything, the King was gone. Glancing around frantically, Celticad finally saw the monarch at the top of the tower. The other vampire was in his hands with a river of black blood dripping from his neck. Celticad's throat tightened. He watched the King rip out the vampire's throat with his fangs. In one swift movement, the guard was dead. The King held onto the vamp's lifeless body, watching the blackened blood soak into the snow. A smile snaked across the King's lips and he tossed the guard aside. Signaling to Celticad, the King intended to march forward, but Celticad shook his head and pointed to the garden wall. There was movement. He couldn't tell how many vampires lay in wait on the other side of the wall, but there was no way they failed to see their comrade on the ice castle slaughtered.

The King sighed as he saw Celticad signal back to him. There were more guards. What a nuisance, he thought. Careful not to use too much of his strength, the King ran from the tower to the garden wall. The wind stung his face as he sprinted, the ice crystals digging into his skin as they fell from the sky. Celticad tried to get him to wear a mask, but the King wanted the others to see him coming. He wanted the Queen to see his power. They should fear him.

Celticad was fit for a vampire in the post-flood world, but he had none of the old powers. He chugged, exerting his huge body at full speed across the snow. It took him a few minutes to meet the King, and he was huffing furiously when he got there. The King sneered at his ally, "Really, Celticad. We'll have to do something about that once the throne is mine. I can't have my commanding officer bouncing around like a walrus."

"Sir?" Celticad's face pinched in confusion. Ice crystals clung to his eyebrows making them look white.

The King considered giving Celticad some of Kahli's blood once he found her, but only enough to enhance his power. Celticad would be stronger than the other vampires, but still weaker than the King. While the King could move swiftly, his body practically flying through the air at top speed, his second in command ran like an injured beast. That needed to be fixed.

The King's lips curled into a smile, "Blood, my friend. I'll see to it that you have more power than the others, more blood. Some of the old ways will be yours."

If this pleased Celticad, he didn't show it. He simply nodded curtly, "As you wish, my King."

The King glanced at the top of the wall. There was no entrance on this side of the garden. They'd have to go over the top. From where they stood, the wall of ice stretched into the sky, towering high above them. The South wall was always the most vulnerable point at the palace. Sophia had to know he was coming in this way, but where were her guards?

"How many?" the King asked.

"The visual confirmed two, but the Queen had to place more here. This wall blinds them to the world beyond."

The King stroked his chin as he looked into the inky darkness behind them. "She may not have put proper guards here. I took most of her better men last night. She's weak, unprotected." The King glanced at the top of the wall again. The wind whipped his dark hair wildly around his face. "Wait here," he commanded. Grinning, the King bent his knees like he was going to jump across a puddle. When he sprang, his slender body launched into the air like a rocket. The King landed on the icy turret at the top of the wall. Before jumping down, he looked back at Celticad with delight in his golden eyes.

Celticad didn't want to wait there, but he did as he was told. There were a few muffled noises that were obscured by the wind. When Celticad looked at the top of the wall, sharp flakes of snow fell into his eyes, but he didn't look away. Agitated, he felt useless waiting around, while the King went over the wall alone, but Celticad couldn't jump like that. The King practically flew over the icy wall and landed soundlessly on the other side. A noise caught Celticad's ear and he leaned closer to the wall, trying to identify the sound. Next to his eye, a small fissure appeared in the white wall. Celticad leaned closer, watching it spider into several directions before the wall made a loud cracking sound. Celticad stumbled back, his arm covering his face as the section of wall exploded. Shards of ice flew past his eyes, nearly blinding him. When he lowered his arm, Celticad saw a small opening in the wall where the crack had been. It gave way. Caving in, the hole expanded and formed a passage big enough for him to walk through. He didn't wait for the air to clear. Keeping his arm at his eyes, Celticad walked through the floating debris and emerged on the other side of the wall. The King stood there with three dead vampires at his feet. Their blackened blood soaked into the ice, staining it like ink spilled from a bottle.

"Where is the tunnel?" the King snapped, looking at the ground, like a door would magically fling open just because he asked.

"In this garden. It's part of the history of this place, a reason why the Queen chose it. Caverns were vast in this part of the country, often stretching underground for miles. We aren't looking for a small tunnel, we're looking for the entrance to a cavern." Celticad spoke with certainty as his eyes scanned the landscape.

The King was tense, moving swiftly through the garden, but he didn't see any way in. Before they had much time to look a voice crackled to life. The noise came from the communicator on one of the dead vamp's body's, "Report. Over."

The King looked at Celticad. They'd know he was here any moment. There were two posts down on this side of the palace. He didn't have time for this. As if he read the King's mind, Celticad walked over to the vamp and lifted the white box from his belt. Pressing the button on the side, Celticad said something the King knew to be a report, but the way that it was spoken concerned him. The report had to be given a certain way, parts of it in code. Celticad spoke fluently, like he'd done this many times before. Celticad knew the Queen's codes. While the King didn't know all of the code, he knew enough of it to recognize it when he heard it spoken.

When Celticad finished, he said, "Over," and clicked the thing off, tossing it to the ground on top of the dead vampires. Every single one was killed the same way - decapitation. Vacant eyes were still open in shock, like they couldn't believe that they were attacked.

"When were you in the Queen's guard?" the King asked suspiciously, ready to destroy one more vampire. Another body was nothing, not with his power.

"After I was turned," Celticad replied, his voice angry.

"Then, why should I trust you?" the King asked, gaze narrowing. He didn't expect the vampire to speak truthfully. He expected lies, a faulty reason why he knew the Queen's code.

"You shouldn't," Celticad said plainly. The large vampire looked directly into the King's face as he spoke, not making any apologies for his past. "You'd be a fool if you trusted anyone. Make no pretense for me, your Majesty. Assume I'd kill you, if I had the power. You'll live longer." Wind whipped Celticad's dark hair. He stood rigid, ready for the King to attack.

After a moment, the side of the King's lips pulled up into a sadistic smile, "A man after my own heart."

Celticad nodded once. "Exactly," he said gruffly. "Now, let's find that door before someone realizes we're here."

Chapter 29

"This is stupid, Reggie." Kahli grumbled for the fourteenth time in five minutes. The guards already spotted their vehicle and they were being escorted toward the palace, flanked by the Queen's vampires. They were surrounded by various forms of snow mobiles and ice bikes like the one Will rode when he chased her from here the other night. There were six, total. That was too many to overpower or outrun. Turning their fate over like this made Kahli nervous. It meant relying on a person that was totally crazy. Reggie was guessing his sister's next move, but that meant she was predictable and in the short time Kahli was at the palace, the one thing she learned for certain was that Sophia was completely unpredictable.

Reggie ignored her. He continued to drive slowly toward the palace. Speaking to Will, he said, "I'd question your loyalty after all this. If you didn't have my rune scarring your shoulder, I would have thought you were trying to help her escape."

Will glanced at Reggie out of the corner of his eye. "And, go where?"

Reggie didn't look at him, but Kahli did. Her green gaze was burning a hole in the side of his face. She'd know everything - he offered her that - if he'd bitten her. Looking down at the seat, her eyes fell on Will's hands. They were strong and smooth. There was no trace that he was thrown from a motorcycle yesterday. Her blood healed him. She wondered if Reggie knew how much blood Will had drank from her.

Reggie made a noise that sounded like he was clearing his throat. "You shouldn't have been able to do it - go after her, I mean."

"It didn't violate your loyalty, Reggie. If anything, risking my life to save Kahli proved the opposite." Will's blue eyes were narrowed, watching the guards as they drove. If Kahli didn't know better, she'd have thought he was counting them, getting a vamp total as they drove. She was doing the same thing. So far there were six vampires, plus Reggie, plus two guard posts. That didn't include those she couldn't see, the vampires that lined the perimeter of the palace at other posts. And as they got closer to the palace, Kahli knew that number would only go up. Escape was looking less and less likely.

"This is stupid," Kahli said again, gazing out the window, her eye catching another guard. The vampire was large, dressed in white. He looked like a snowman walking through a snow globe. The wind whipped up the snow, swirling it in the air and making visibility completely awful. Nightfall made it worse. Reggie's headlights only blinded them, reflecting back in their faces. He switched them off again and they traveled toward the palace, darkness falling around them like a thick blanket.

"What would you have us do?" Reggie finally asked, his head turning to Kahli. She'd pulled her knees to her chest and had her hands gripped tightly. Her fingers were white.

When he asked her, she released her legs and looked at him. "Are you serious?"

"No, I'm joking," Reggie said dryly. Then he snapped, "Of course, I'm serious. It's not like your plan would have been better, but since you keep mentioning it and we have a ways to go - "

Kahli rolled her eyes. "All of us going in together, walking straight through the front door is stupid. You're relying on Sophia being predictable. You see the problem?" She sighed and pushed her hair out of her face. "She's crazy. She's going to do whatever she wants. If she feels like killing all three of us, you're the only one who can fight her, and we aren't even sure of that."

"I am," Reggie muttered.

"Well excuse me if I'm not willing to throw my life in your hands. I seriously doubt Will would have opted for this plan either."

"He could have protested."

"He did, you ass. You blew him off." Kahli's tongue was sharp. She plowed ahead, ignoring Reggie's reaction to her foul mouth. "There are too many unknowns. Last night when I left, I killed three guards. The King was still alive. He's a factor, too. And the number of guards on the grounds is insane. Have you ever seen this many vampires outside the palace? Where'd they come from? I've never seen so many in one place before." They drove up the road, passing vampires dressed in guard uniforms every few feet. Reggie glanced around, like he hadn't noticed. "You knew she was expecting an attack, didn't you? So, what's your plan, Reggie? Walk up to her and stab her in the heart?"

Reggie sighed. His shoulders slumped forward like he was tired of driving. "Will, explain to her what we're doing."

Will glanced at Kahli. She wanted to talk to him so badly. There were so many things to ask. He was loyal to so many people. What would happen to him when he stood before all of them, and they all told him to kill each other? Which rune would win? Did it work like that? Kahli didn't know.

"I have no idea what we're doing. I agree with Kahli. This is reckless. The best I can come up with is that you offer the Queen your services and a peace offering - me and Kahli - and hope she doesn't lop your head off before you finish speaking. Sorry, Reggie, but that's a weak plan."

Reggie didn't speak. Kahli looked horrified when she turned back to Reggie. "That's it? Are you insane?"

"Blood of a feather, kills together," he said.

Kahli's lip curled. She glanced at Will and mouthed, Is he crazy, too?

"Maybe," Will smirked. "We'll have to wait and see. Since, Reggie prides himself on being smarter than everyone else, we just have to hope he is."

Kahli exhaled loudly, "How can you be so calm?"

"What would you have me do?" Will asked.

Kahli looked at him. She didn't want Will in that throne room. She knew what he was, what Reggie planned on doing with him. Will was a walking sacrifice, a slave. He threw himself through Reggie's window to save her, but by putting himself in Reggie's presence, he endangered himself. If the vampire wanted to, Reggie could destroy him. There were so many things she wanted to say to Will. Now she'd never have the chance. Glancing through the front windshield, Kahli knew this was her last chance. The gates were getting closer, looming in the distance like charred bones jutting from the snow.

Kahli made sure she didn't glance at the door this time. Instead she smiled sadly at Will, only one corner of her lips rising. "Something else, somewhere else. I have a feeling that I'm going to be your undoing." Without warning, Kahli grabbed the door handle and pushed.

Will's brow pinched together before his eyes widened. "Don't!" he yelled, snatching at her hand, but Kahli already had the door open, and had thrown herself out.

Her body slammed into the ice, and rolled toward the bank, careful to avoid the other vehicles. The snowmobile to the right of the truck nearly ran her over, but it veered at the last second and crashed into the snow bank. Gasping, Kahli jumped to her feet. She threw herself over the top of the snow bank on the side of the road, clinging to the ice as she went, and slid down the other side. Jumping to her feet, Kahli ran into the darkness.

Reggie continued driving. He didn't even brake. A growling noise filled the cab. Will slammed his head back into the seat, frustrated, his hands pressing into his eyes hard and muttering curses.

"Well?" Reggie asked, irritated. "Go after her! None of this works if we show up without her. Go!" The truck slowed and Will jumped out the door, flinging himself from the truck. Reggie yelled, as he leaned across to yank to the door closed, "Find her!"

Kahli ran hard, her feet getting just enough traction to keep her from sliding on the ice. The new layer of fresh snow helped. Heart pounding against her ribs, Kahli ran. She ran away from the vehicles and into the orchard where the snow mobiles and bikes couldn't follow. It was too dark and the snow was falling too hard. Visibility sucked, and that was the only thing working in her favor. As it was, she barely had a head start, but it was enough that the vampires didn't find her right away.

A plan started to form in her mind, coming together like pieces of wet paper. She shifted them around in her head until she came up with a scenario that worked, and gave her a chance to get to Cassie. Grinning like she was crazy, Kahli thought, It doesn't matter if they find me, I just have to get to the palace first.

The ground wasn't smooth. It rolled with small hills that made it difficult for the vehicles to get a light on her. Every time Kahli thought they saw her, she suddenly disappeared behind a little hill, sliding on her back, before crouching and then jumping to her feet and taking off at a full run. This was the only way to save Will. It was the only way to make sure he didn't end up in the room with her, and Reggie.

Kahli ran until her legs turned to lead. Sweat trickled between her shoulder blades, despite the frigid temperature. The dry air filled her lungs in big gulps, drying out her mouth and cracking her lips. Kahli forced herself on, ignoring the stitch in her side that burned like razor wire. The roar of engines were all around her, but she couldn't tell where any of them were. For a while, she ran away from the lights, and that helped, but the vamps figured out what she was doing and shut them off.

The wind whipped the sound around, so that without the visual, Kahli wasn't sure where the vamps were. Or Will. She was sure Reggie sent Will after her. Dashing up another hill, Kahli reached the top and threw herself over the crest, sliding down the other side. When she stopped slipping, Kahli pushed herself off the ground, and kept running.

The orchard. Where was it? The Queen's garden was to the South of the palace. That's where she was, Kahli was sure of it, but she didn't see the orchard or the roses. Just more white hills. Exhausted, Kahli rounded another hill and saw it as she slipped down the other side - the ice castle from the Purging - the one she'd climbed and taken the flag from. She'd found it.

Running as fast as she could, Kahli made it. Quickly, she glanced up and down the wall trying to find the guards, but there weren't any. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end and her stomach turned to ice. She stood still as a stone, her wide green eyes slowly moving through the darkness. The twisting in her stomach told her that the King was near-by, even though she couldn't see him.

Will chose that moment to slam into her. He forced Kahli to the ground, sheltering her with his body. "Stay down," he hissed in her ear, his gloved hand covering her mouth. Heart beating wildly, she looked up at him. "Someone's here." Will lifted his hand from her mouth and put a finger to his lips indicating she should stay silent.

When Will stood, he crouched, moving closer to the wall. Kahli followed him at first, thinking she was just being silly. The King lived here. He might still be inside. Surely that was all she was reacting to, but the closer they got to the wall, the sicker she felt. When her feet stopped moving, Will managed to get ahead of her and saw the hole in the wall. He turned back to Kahli, his eyes sparkling in the waning moonlight. She didn't move. Will gestured for her to follow, but she shook her head.

She threw a thought at him, hoping he'd realize why they shouldn't go any further. The King. Don't go this way, Will. The King is here.

Will's brow crinkled, as he looked back at her. He gazed at the wall one more time and when he looked back, he held up a single finger and mouthed, Wait here. Looking down at his belt, he removed something and handed it to Kahli. It was a slender metal flashlight. It was so dark, but turning it on would be insane. It would be like sending up a beacon, telling every vampire within the palace grounds exactly where she was. Kahli looked at the flashlight, and then back up at him.

Will stepped away before she could stop him. Kahli shook her head and held up a hand, willing him to stop, but he didn't. Will disappeared through the hole in the wall. Pulse pounding, Kahli forced her feet forward, toward the King. Swallowing hard, she neared the hole. Every hair on her body stood on end. Her skin was hypersensitive. The flutter of her heart made her body shake. Fear pulsated through her body. The King was close. He was here, he did this to the wall. Being near him was suicide. And yet, Kahli couldn't stop moving toward the hole in the wall. Stepping softly, she leaned forward and looked through. Will was standing over a lump on the ground. It was a dead vampire. Black inched out from the body like jagged arms of ink.

Looking around nervously, she walked up behind Will and put her hand on his shoulder. He sensed she was there before she did it. Although he was looking at the body, she saw his gaze lift for half a beat when she entered the garden. "The King did this. He's here. I feel him."

Will nodded once, and looked over his shoulder at her. "I can't turn back." It sounded like an apology. Kahli swallowed hard. Taking his shoulder in her hand, she turned him around. His eyes were filled with sorrow.

Meeting his gaze, she said, "I know."

His voice was barely a breath, "My loyalty is forced. I have no choice."

"I know, but you can't go into the palace, Will." Kahli didn't know why she knew, but if Will went in tonight, he wasn't coming back out. Both hands were on his shoulders, holding him tight, "Please."

He shook his head, a crooked smile laced his perfect lips. "I don't get the choice, Kahli."

"I'm not giving you a choice, Will." Desperation shot through her body. Kahli pulled him close, wrapping her arms around his neck, still clutching the flashlight in her hand. She slammed her body into his, kissing him like she thought she'd never see him again. Her heart beat harder when she leaned into him. His scent filled her head and she breathed him in. Will's arms lifted and wrapped around her waist. He kissed Kahli back, his hands holding her firmly against him. Will's lips tasted like snow. They were smooth and cool. She wanted to stay there like that, just the two of them, but there was no other option. Whatever was going to play out inside of the palace walls could have to do so without Will Tatum.

Pulling back from the kiss, Will looked at her. "Kahli," he breathed, his eyes liquid blue, smiling at her like she intended to keep him in the garden with kisses. Guilt made her hesitate, but she had to. The flashlight came down on the back of his head, hard. Will's eyes rolled back into his head when the metal struck. His shoulders slumped as he fell forward.

Kahli caught him, and lowered Will to the ground, pulling him toward the pile of dead vampires. "I'm so sorry, but I can't lose you."

She moved the vampire's bodies and slid Will into the pile. Arranging arms and legs, she positioned them so that they covered Will. Their blackened blood smeared across his white suit like a line of tar. Kahli noticed the ripped out throats, the King's signature, and made sure Will's perfect neck couldn't be seen beneath the pile of arms and legs. Will breathed softly, but no one would notice, at least she hoped they wouldn't. By the time Will woke up, this would be over, and things would fall in his favor, or they wouldn't. But at the very least, it gave him a chance to live that he didn't have tonight if he continued doing what Reggie wanted.

Chapter 30

Cole was leading a group of anemic humans out into a snow storm during a palace siege. In the back of his mind, he knew it was crazy, but he didn't leave anyone behind. They followed close behind him, scurrying down the hallway like scared mice. Cassie was on his heels. "Cole, they're not used to this. You have to slow down," Cassie huffed, trying to keep up with him. His long legs made his stride longer than hers, and he was practically running.

"Can't. You know that. If they fall behind, they get left behind, and from what I heard in the control room, they don't want that."

"What do you mean?" she asked in hushed tones, as Cole's eyes darted up and down the corridor, expecting to see a vampire at any moment. He clutched a metal stake in his fist, his bicep bulging.

"I got hold of the Captain earlier and she told me something rather interesting. If the Queen is defeated tonight, we all get our heads lopped off. Every last one of us is to be executed. The Queen doesn't want to leave any loot for the new monarch." Cassie's mouth dropped open in horror. He glanced past her, watching the others hurry toward them, before asking her, "You still want me to show them mercy, Cass? They treat us like animals. Turns out the palace lifespan isn't as long as we thought." He waggled his eyebrows at her. It was Cole's way of gloating, of saying he was right.

Cassie felt weak. She didn't think of the vampires as oppressors. There were good and bad vampires, at least she thought there were, but this made her sick. After the forced Pairings and now this - they didn't care if their precious humans lived or died. Everything she thought about them shattered like cheap glass. Cassie shook her head like she was trying to dislodge old facts and let the new ones settle in place. When she looked up at him, her brows were pinched tightly. The voice he heard was laced with scorn and didn't sound like Cassie at all, "I'm sick of this. Kill them." The words felt like acid dripping from her tongue. The others heard her say it.

Chaucer was directly behind Cassie. His face pinched in surprise to hear something like that come from Cassie's mouth, but he didn't comment on it. "Cole, tell us what to do."

Cole jerked his head, indicating that Chaucer should walk next to him. As Cassie followed behind, she heard them talking about how to use the weapons. As they moved through the palace, Cole used what he found - wooden moldings, a sculpture with sharp metal tines, chair legs - anything that could be used to maim or kill. Cole showed Chaucer how to hold it, how to swing to get the best leverage. "You get one shot. If you blow it, you won't live to get another. Even in their diminished state, the vamps are still stronger than most of us."

Chaucer nodded, "So, how is it that you're stronger than the rest of us and no one noticed?"

Cole glanced at him as they walked swiftly through the palace. The Southern half of the palace was filled with rolling hills, iced gardens, and frozen trees. If they were going to escape, that was the exit they needed to use. Oddly, as they progressed through the palace, the hallways were empty. The Queen must have called the remaining guards to her side, because they didn't see any. Each step towards the South exit made Cole's heart pound harder and harder. This was like Deliverance Day. Determination shot through him, straightening his spine. This time Cole would save more than Cassie. Glancing back at her, Cole saw Cassie brandishing a stake and showing one of the girls how to use her height to her advantage. A trace of a smile lined his lips.

Chaucer's question didn't surprise him. Although Cole didn't feel compelled to answer, he told the guy, "It was intentional. Up until the Purging, no one knew. Kahli kind of blew my cover. The vamps noticed and started requesting my blood."

"Are you wild," Chaucer asked, dark brows pinching together, "like Kahli?"

Cole laughed, but it sounded hollow and bitter. "I'm nothing like Kahli."

"Could have fooled me. You both seem to think you're invincible, but Kahli acts like that because she doesn't have to worry about getting a scrape and bleeding to death. Come to think of it Cole, I've never seen you bleed, never noticed feeding marks on you... How'd you manage that?"

"You talk too much, Chaucer. Knowing less will keep you alive tonight. Besides," his dark eyes flashed, as he looked back at the guy, "paper cuts are the least of your worries tonight. You'll get your neck slit if you worry about something so minor."

Chaucer grumbled, nodding, and dropped the questions. Cole wasn't in the mood for explaining why he was different. It was a secret he managed to keep from Cassie all these years and he wasn't about to spill his guts to Chaucer. Cole held out his arm as they neared the end of the hall. The group behind him stopped. Complete silence filled the air. The hairs on Cole's neck prickled, standing up one at a time. He shook his head at the group and signaled for them to stay behind.

His eyes met Cassie's for a moment and held her gaze. One day he wouldn't be around to protect her. One day, he'd round a corner and his luck would run out. Then there'd be no one left to watch over Cassie. They nodded at each other. Cole looked away. He couldn't think like that, not now. Too much was at risk.

Gripping his weapon in his fist, Cole's heart pounded hard as he rounded the corner.

Chapter 31

Sophia called the entire guard to her side. Her brother was approaching from the front, but that wasn't what unnerved her. The Captain of her guard disappeared hours ago. No one had seen her since. The woman was either dead or a traitor. Either way, Sophia wasn't taking chances. All remaining vampires were armed and called to the throne room where Sophia sat on her dais in the center of the room. Vampires surrounded her on all sides, ready to fight.

Certainty washed over the Queen, as she counted her loyal vampires again and again. Let them come, she thought. Then this entire charade could end. It gave Sophia a chance to demonstrate her power. No one would doubt her after this. No one would challenge her for centuries. With the human blood running through her veins, she was stronger than anyone who would dare challenge her, the King included.

A Regent vampire stood to her left. It was a position of power, a place of respect. The vampire was pale and thin with tousled dark hair and a scattering of scruff along his jaw. Sophia thought James looked unkempt, but it's not like she could instruct him to dress properly, not right then. Many of the Regents were dragged from their rooms, from their homes, and ordered to protect the Queen. Those who refused were executed. Sophia didn't earn her throne by being patient.

James didn't look at the Queen. He stared straight ahead, his hands wrapped around a shotgun. At one time vampires couldn't be killed by such silly weapons, but now they were weak. A knife to the throat or a shot to the head stopped them swiftly, and to make sure that they didn't awaken again, Sophia burned their bodies until only ashes remained.

Sophia's eyes were locked on James, "Do you remember the first Deliverance Day?"

James looked over his shoulder at her and bowed his head slightly before answering, "Yes, my Queen. I was there, fighting for you."

Sophia straightened in her throne, a pleased smile snaked across her ruby lips. "I thought so. That day ended well. The humans were saved and things finally shifted into our favor. I intend to keep things that way." Sophia wanted a mirror, but her reflection faded more and more each day. She wondered if she looked regal enough to be sitting there, commanding all the vampires surrounding her. A pang of irritation shot through her. While it was safer to wait here, Sophia hated waiting. "This is not how we won Deliverance Day," she said smoothly.

James nodded in agreement, "That is correct. You were bold on that day."

"I was bold that day and things ended in my favor, and today, I sit here like a bird on a perch waiting for the King to find me." She shook her head. It made her brown curls bob around her face. Sophia felt their smoothness brush against her cheek. She breathed hard, a habit left over from her human years. Sophia hardly ever felt fear, but when she did, her mannerisms mimicked the scared girl she was before she was changed. Sophia's hand lifted to her heart. Although it didn't beat, the memory of it slamming into her ribs filled her body. It made her think the fear was real and not a memory. Dread flooded her body, making her feet twitch in her satin slippers.

Sophia stood slowly and looked over the room of vampires. Her forces were well over two hundred. As she rose, dark heads turned slowly toward her. Their eyes watched her silky red gown, as the fabric fell into long sweeping folds at her feet and accentuated the narrowness of her waist. A belt studded with rubies was just under her bust, making her h*ps look non-existent, just the way she liked it. At one time, Sophia's name was enough to strike down her enemies. Over the years she'd grown tame. Staging the fights with her brother kept most of her challengers at bay. It worked, too, on all but one.

Every set of eyes was on her. Sophia held her head high, making her slender, pale neck look longer - more aristocratic. Her beauty was the envy of women, and the desire of men. Sophia's dark eyes narrowed as they swept over the room. "We will not wait here like scared dogs, cowering."

"Your Majesty," one her guards spoke out. "It is easier to protect you here. We can predict with certainty that this location, guarding you in this position, is to your advantage."

Sophia stepped off the dais and swiftly crossed the room toward the guard. She looked like she was floating. The vampire surrounding her gasped. Sophia caught whispers of shock, "She moves like the vampires of old." Before the flood, Sophia was swift. Her ancient body was powerful enough to fly, to move without being seen. She was ruthless and attacked without provocation. The others feared her, and seeing this display of power reminded them of the former glory of their Queen, and left them in awe.

Stopping in front of the guard, Sophia looked him in the eye. "You think we should hide like scared children? Do you not know your Queen is more powerful than those who threaten us?"

The guard's lips parted to reply, but Sophia didn't give him the chance. Her hand swept across his throat, severing it from his body. It thumped to the floor as his headless body teetered and fell. Sophia didn't even watch. Instead she turned to her loyal subjects, smiling like a saint.

"Under my reign the old ways will return. The power we once held as vampires is within our reach again. Those who follow me will share in it, and those who question me, will be silenced." Her dark gaze fell back to the dead vampire on the white marble floor. A pool of blackened blood oozed from his body. It was impossible for the vampires in the room to ignore him, but many of them refused to look. They feared their Queen, Sophia could see it in their eyes. The corners of her reddened lips pulled up, revealing her teeth. They were glittering white. The vampire's in the room had various reactions, but most had wide eyes, watching their Queen as she smiled. Some even leaned forward to see how sharp and beautiful her eye teeth had become. Content that they all saw her newly forming fangs, Sophia said, "After tonight, we return to the old ways."

The vampires roared with approval, their voices cheering their Queen. Without another word, Sophia turned toward the door, her crimson gown billowing around her ankles. While she could float, Sophia didn't want to expend the power, not with Kahli still missing. While she had a few extra drops of Kahli's blood on hand, it was not enough. Her supply would be diminished in days. Sophia knew that if she failed to get the girl back, everything she gained would be lost. There was one thing Sophia couldn't stand, and that was losing.

The vampires cheered behind her. They lifted their voices, and their weapons, following their Queen out of the ballroom and through the front doors of the palace. Sophia grinned widely. She would not lose this battle.

Chapter 32

Kahli could sense his presence. The King's mood slipped over her like a disgusting blanket, covered in slime. The sensation made her stomach lurch. If she could feel him, and knew that he was close, then he must sense Kahli as well. Proximity did not work in her favor. The closer she got to the King, the more she could feel. It made her heart race faster. Sweat beaded on her forehead, and dripped from her temples. Her hair matted to her face, as Kahli inched through the garden alone, each step taking her closer to the palace - closer to the King.

Every tree, every shadow, every noise made her want to scream. He could be anywhere and she wouldn't see him until he was right in front of her. Kahli sucked in the frigid air and held it in until her lungs burned. Steadying herself, she moved forward. The King was just a vampire. He was like the rest. She said these things to herself over and over again, but the thoughts didn't reassure her. Instead, they made her more jumpy, because they were lies. The King was not like the rest of them. There was something different about him. While she saw the other vampires as vulnerable, the King was not. He wasn't weak. There was nothing to exploit, and yet, Kahli crouched through the garden of ice and stone, inching closer to him with the intention of killing him.

The iced trees cast a canopy of lacy shadows on the frozen ground. Patches of light and darkness mingled together, masking anyone who was near. The moonlight was weak. Thin gray clouds covered the sky. Every few moments, the world went black as another cloud crossed the moon's surface, darkening the night.

Kahli swallowed even though her mouth was dry. As she moved through the frozen garden, Kahli snapped a shard of ice from a tree limb. The piece of ice was heavy, with its tip formed to a perfect point. Holding it in her hand, she could feel its mass through her glove. Kahli clutched the weapon and moved forward, knowing each step was bringing her closer to the King.

There was a question burning brightly in her mind. Normally, Kahli would sneak up on a Tracker and demand an answer before killing the vamp, but she didn't think that was wise. Not with the King. He was too strong, too powerful. Memories of their last meeting played through her mind and Kahli shivered. The compulsion scared her the most. She didn't know how to resist his commands. The King's threats rang in her ears as she stalked closer and closer to the palace.

When she reached the back of the garden, a long shadow caught her eye. The stake rose in her fist. Kahli moved forward silently, ready to strike. But, when she realized what she was looking at, she lowered her arm. The ground was open, like someone placed a door in the frozen earth. Kahli glanced side to side before moving forward. The metal doors were thick and coated with ice. Each door was covered in a sheet of ice that cracked along the edge. Glancing into the hole, Kahli saw a set of stairs that descended into the dark earth.

Carefully, she moved toward the hole without making a sound. Reaching out, she touched the ancient door with her gloved hand. It reminded her of the doors in the older safe houses. The metal was thick, and rust-colored, caked in ice. The snow at the throat of the hole was disturbed, pushed away. There were two sets of prints that descended the tired old staircase. Kahli pressed her eyes closed hard. Steeling her nerves, she took a deep breath and descended the stairs alone, immediately swallowed by darkness.

Chapter 33

Cole moved ahead by himself, methodically slaughtering every vampire he came across. He smiled and walked toward them, alone. The vampires didn't fear him. Most thought he was wandering the halls because he could. They tried to force him back to his room. That was when Cole attacked. They never saw it coming. They never suspected him capable of murder.

As Cole wiped the inky blood off his knife he muttered, "Arrogant bastards." His foot connected with the dead vampire in front of him, kicking the body hard. Killing them wasn't enough. It didn't fix what they did to him, to his family. Cole tried hard to contain his emotions, but they threatened to pour out. Killing brought out the worst in him. Cassie knew it, which was why she wanted him to show mercy, but Cole didn't want to show mercy. He wanted to annihilate their kind, and wipe vampires from the face of the Earth.

Maybe he shouldn't have told her what the vamps intended to do with her. The Captain told him that little piece of information last. She meant for it to make him realize there was no escape. Killing her shouldn't have changed anything, but it changed everything. Cole knew what was happening in the palace that night and where. Maybe he should have protected Cassie from the truth, but it was too late now.

After Cole cleared the hallway, he went back and singled to Cassie that they could follow. Then, the pattern repeated. As they moved closer to the exit, there were more vampires moving through the palace. They were flooding toward a single point like rats running from a storm. At one point, Cole forced the group into a room. There were too many vampires moving through the halls. Sneaking the group outside with so many vampires present wasn't an option. He needed a better vantage point to see what changed. This was not what the Captain had planned. Something was happening.

Cole signaled to Chaucer for him to remain by the door. Crossing the room swiftly, Cole reached out and pushed back a massive velvet drape. He looked out the window and cursed under his breath. From where Cole stood, he could see the front palace lawn. It was covered in vampires with a single figure leading them forward, dressed in red. Sophia. Cole watched closely, trying to determine what was happening. The front lawn was mostly smooth, with the exception of the front drive that curved toward the palace with thick snow banks on either side.

Turning his face, Cole looked the other way. The room they were in jutted out from the side of the building in one of the remote wings of the palace. It allowed let him see the edge of the Southern lawn, as well, which appeared undisturbed. The orchard sat there frozen, the jagged branches jutting up into the cloudy sky like bony fingers. That side of the palace was all hills and shadows. While Cole didn't see anything, that didn't mean it was safe.

Glancing back at the front lawn, Cole noticed that the vamps that moved through the building were all spilling out onto the front lawn. They seemed to be moving toward Sophia. A truck was also approaching the front gates, bouncing down the driveway, flanked by guards on snow mobiles. Sophia spread her arms wide and laughed as the wind battered her skirt, streaking it like spilled blood across a canvas of white snow.

Cole turned toward the room of pale faces. There was only one thing to do, one way to proceed. Cassie was going to kill him. Drawing himself up to his full height, Cole spoke with authority that shocked most of them. Chaucer leaned against the door, watching, as if he knew Cole was capable of so much more.

"The vamps are moving to a single location on the front lawn. This is a deviation from the information I gleaned earlier." Cole's gaze cut from face to face and finally landed on Cassie's. Her brown eyes were narrowing, as if she knew what he was going to say before he said it. "We're exiting through the south side of the palace. It's our best bet. Once outside, we travel on foot until morning. If you fall behind, you're left behind." He directed that comment at Brent specifically, before continuing. "I'm going outside first to make sure we can get out. Do not leave this room. Understand? Chaucer, guard the door. Kill anything that comes through it. It should take me twenty minutes to reach the South exit and survey the path to the outer wall."

Cassie pushed to the front of the group, "I'm coming with you."

"No, you aren't. You're staying here where I know you'll be safe." Cole didn't even he look at her.

Cassie snapped at his heels, following him to the door like she intended to punch Chaucer in the face if he tried to stop her. "You can't tell me what to do anymore! We aren't children. Going out there alone is stupid. At least let me - "

Cole rounded on her. Lowering his face to hers, he hissed, "There's nothing you can do, Cassie. Stay here. If something happens to me, you'll be the one they look to for help. If I'm not back within the hour, move out. You can't stay here. Understand?"

"Cole," she pleaded, but he was already out the door.

Looking over his shoulder, Cole saw Cassie's big brown eyes watching him walk away. "Lock it," he said to Chaucer, who nodded and pressed the door shut. When Cole heard the click, he took off at a full run.

Chapter 34

Celticad moved through the ancient tunnel, his feet slipping on the icy stone floor. Although the tunnel was still there, it wasn't in pristine condition. The King followed behind with a wide grin on his face.

"Where will this lead to in the palace?"

Celticad spoke over his shoulder, "I'm not certain, exactly. It depends on which tunnel we follow. There are more paths down here that will meet up with this one."

"What a splendid night," the King said, beaming. "Two of my biggest problems are about to right themselves." The King sensed her. Somewhere back there in the darkness was the girl. As soon as she stepped foot in the tunnel, it was like someone touched a flame to his skin. Kahli was following him. He couldn't have asked for a better present.

The King moved faster, urging Celticad on. He had to reach the Queen first and destroy her before dealing with the girl. He didn't want Sophia to have the chance at more blood. As it was, he knew Sophia would be more powerful, but it didn't concern him. The sound of dripping water filled his ears.

"What do you mean, my Lord?" Celticad asked, not looking behind him at the smiling King. Waving his massive hand, he cleared away cobwebs and walked on.

"Just that, Celticad. Your reward is behind us, trying to spring on us like a spider. Be ready for her," the King replied.

Celticad jerked to a stop and spun around, "The girl is in the tunnel?"

The King nodded, "So it would seem."

"Should I bring her to you?" he asked, Celticad's massive face pinching together as he thought.

The King shook his head, "No, let her come to us. Just be ready for her, and if the time comes, don't kill her. Is that clear?"

Celticad nodded and turned on his heel, continuing down the slick tunnel at a faster pace. The King followed behind, hastening his pace to keep up with the large vampire. They moved through the bricked tunnel, and it wasn't until they turned several times, that the pitch of the floor started to rise. They would come out inside the palace soon.

The King remained at Celticad's heels, until they stopped at the end of the hall. The passage was bricked over. The King was furious. He howled, not caring if Kahli heard him, "It's sealed! You idiot, how could you know this was here and not realized it was sealed off from the rest of the palace!" The King's furry flashed in his golden eyes.

Celticad shook his head, "It's not enough to stop us." Celticad ignored the King's tirade and pulled his fist back. When he launched it forward, Celticad's massive hand punched the brick so hard that it crumbled like dust. The wall shook and smashed brick fell to the floor like sand.

The King fell silent as the massive vampire drew back his fist again and let it fly. The wall shook on contact, and more bricks turned to ash, disintegrating on impact.

The King folded his arms across his chest, and smiled as the wall began to crumble.

Chapter 35

Cole was at the end of the hall when he heard a loud crack. The wall next to him shook violently, like something was about to come through. Cole stopped and stared at it, his eyes wide. Another smash and plaster fell from the wall onto the carpet. Heart hammering hard, Cole looked up and down the hall before darting into the adjacent doorway. He pressed his back to the wall, and reached behind him for the door knob. It was locked. Cursing under his breath, Cole watched as the wall fell apart and pieces of plaster and wood went flying in every direction. He closed his eyes, willing his heart to steady. Whatever the Queen thought was coming for her on the front lawn wasn't there. It was smashing through the wall in the back of her palace.

A final bang resounded and Cole peered around the door jam. A massive hand came through the wall. Before Cole could blink, the hand reach around and tore off the surrounding plaster. Bricks and dust poured into the palace, turning the blue carpet white. The air filled with white dust. It was like a massive cloud was trapped inside the hallway. Cole held his breath and pressed his back against the door.

Two figures appeared. One was huge. It was the largest vampire he'd ever seen. Taking him down wasn't even an option. The vamp would snap him like a twig before Cole was within reach to stab him with his knife. When the second vampire came through the dust and rubble, Cole understood. It was the King. He stepped through the hole looking dignified. He shook some of the dust from his dark hair and looked up and down the hall quickly.

"Good job, Celticad. I know exactly where we are. Let's find my precious wife, shall we?"

The large vampire nodded and resumed the lead. They walked up the hall, the way Cole had come. Their voices drifted back, allowing Cole to catch pieces of the conversation. "And, then what?"

"I'll take care of her. You take the rest. And as for the girl, let her find us. By the time she realizes what happened, it'll be too late. The Queen will be dead." The King's voice trailed off and Cole couldn't hear him anymore.

Peeling himself off the wall, Cole looked at the hole a few feet from him. It was a way out, a way that the Queen didn't know about. If Cole backtracked through that tunnel, it would spit him out somewhere beyond the palace grounds. He was certain of it. Glancing up and down the hall, Cole moved swiftly to the opening.

Chapter 36

Kahli's heart hammered harder. A prickling sensation covered her skin, making her feel colder. The King was in this tunnel. She stalked him slowly, keeping her distance, not sure how to kill him when they stood face to face.

Following their tracks in the dust, Kahli rounded a corner. It was silent for a moment and then she heard a massive crack. The sound echoed back down the tunnel, making her press her hands to her ears. Looking wildly around, she moved to take cover, but there was nowhere to go. The crack came again. The tunnel shook, and debris rained down on her head. The sound came again and again, and then it finally grew quiet.

Uncertainty spilled into her veins. Kahli looked back the way she came, back to the place where Will lay in the snow. She could double back and drag him away. They could hide again, but how long would that last? Reggie found them in less than a day. Even Will didn't realize how traceable he was. Kahli took a deep breath and walked on.

She remained crouched, slowly placing one foot in front of the other, continuing down the hall, expecting to be attacked at any moment. Breathing steadily through her nose, she tried to control her panic. Her throat was so tight that she wanted to scream. This was much worse than fighting a few wolves. With the wolves she knew what to expect. If she avoided their teeth, she lived. With the vampires though, the fangs weren't the only thing to watch out for. She didn't even know what powers the King had or how to avoid them. Maybe it wasn't possible. Maybe she was walking to her death. Kahli didn't care. She couldn't go back. The only way to deal with this was to face the monster at the other end of the tunnel. Killing him would set her free, and then she'd destroy the Queen and her idiot brother. He should be on the front lawn by now, she thought to herself. Kahli doubted the Queen would respond the way he hoped, especially since he arrived with an empty truck.

Kahli stopped abruptly as a sound caught her ear. Wildly, she looked for a place to hide, but there was nothing. Holding the frozen stake, Kahli inched forward with her heart in her throat. So, it'll end here, she thought and moved forward.

The sound came faster and louder. She stood at the junction of two tunnels, both equally dark. The dust in the left tunnel was disturbed. That was the direction the King had gone. Backing into the opposite tunnel, Kahli hid her body in the thick shadows. She crouched low to the ground and waited.

As the footfalls came closer, her heart raced faster. As soon as his head came through the tunnel, she'd spring on him and stab him in the heart. That would be enough to slow him down until she severed his head. Kahli breathed slowly, trying to steal her nerves. Every inch of her felt alive, vibrating with anticipation. Her skin prickled as she waited, bouncing on the balls of her feet. It was so dark.

Within seconds a dark head appeared in the tunnel and she leapt. She could just make out the features on his pale face. Kahli sprung from her hiding place, her arm falling fast, but the man turned suddenly, like he knew she was there. The stake scraped the side of his face, leaving an angry red trail of blood down his cheek.

The man's hand flew up and caught Kahli's wrist. Smashing it back above her head, he hit her hand into the wall. It shredded the top of her glove, and cut the back of her hand. Kahli kicked out her knee connecting with his gut. The man gasped and bent in half. Kahli's arm ached, but she was still able to hold onto the stake. Kahli crouched low. The shadows obscured her face. She didn't have a chance to look at her attacker. It was too dark. It wasn't until she rushed him and slammed his taut body into the wall again, that she saw his face.

"Cole?" she gasped, saying his name as the air was forced from his lungs.

Cole didn't seem to see her. He was still fighting; his arm was pulled back, ready to connect with her face when he stopped mid-swing. Cole held his fist there, hovering in the air. "Kahli?" he asked, as if she were the last person he expected to see.

Kahli nodded and shoved him hard, before stepping back. He gave her space and looked behind them. The tunnel was empty. "What are you doing here?" he asked, irritated.

"Assassinating the royal family," she said casually, like this was a normal part of her daily routine. Breathing hard, she bent over and put her hands on her waist. Her hair fell over her shoulders like an orange curtain. It was the first time she stopped to catch her breath since she ran from Reggie. Kahli sucked in a deep breath, and asked, "You?"

Cole's chest rose and fell sharply. Sweat clung to his brow. It looked like he had a long night as well. Cole shrugged, like it was nothing, "Somehow I ended up in charge of the vamp's blood bank - all of them. Cassie wouldn't leave anyone behind." Anger flashed across his eyes as he thought of Brent, but he pushed the thought away. Cole never thought he'd be doing this. "So, I'm trying to find a way out that won't get the rest of them slaughtered on sight. It's not like they're the most athletic group." Cole jerked his thumb back the way Kahli had come. "Where does this lead?"

"The garden at the South wall," she said quickly, "but there are vamps looking for me in the hills if you go that way." Everyone was looking for her.

Cole pressed his lips together tightly and swore. After a moment, he looked at Kahli and told her, "The King knows you're following him." He told her because he didn't know what else to do, what else to say. Cole lifted his hand to his face and smeared the blood from his cheek. It mingled with the sweat and made a scarlet arc on his cheek. Cole could still feel the sticky warmth sliding down his face where Kahli cut him. He lifted his fingers away, the tips red with blood, "You could have killed me, you know."

"I seriously doubt it," she muttered. Kahli learned Cole was strong during the Purging, but up until that moment, she had no idea that he knew how to fight, too. Holding up her hand, she said, "You practically tore my arm off." Blood dripped down her white sleeve, wrapping around her arm like red ribbon. Kahli was so tense. They both stared at each other for a moment. "Is Cassie okay?"

"She is," he replied, still angry, "no thanks to you."

"What does that mean?"

"It means that you messed up everything, for everyone. If I don't get them out of here tonight, they all die." He pointed behind him. Every muscle in his body was corded tight, ready to pop. "It might be too late already. They'll be executed if the Queen is killed." Cole's voice dripped with disdain. "This is your fault."

Kahli wanted to punch him again. Instead she tried to push past him, "I don't have time for this," but he stepped in front of her.

"You can't go that way. You're walking into a trap. You'll get yourself killed and Cassie won't have time to get the others out of the palace." He folded his arms, refusing to let her pass.

"Move, Cole." She commanded, stepping closer to him, expecting him to back away.

"Over my dead body," he said it with complete certainty.

Kahli gnashed her teeth at him, growling, "As much fun as that would be, I can't kill Cassie's brother. Now move or I'll make you."

Cole didn't respond. He stood there in the tunnel, blocking her path into the palace, arms folded firmly across his chest. His brown eyes were narrowed to slits, "Make me."

Kahli screamed and threw her shoulder into Cole's stomach. Cole took the hit, doubling over and spinning to alleviate the blow. Kahli used her momentum to push past him, and nearly did, but Cole reached out and grabbed her wrist. His bloody fingers wrapped around the exposed skin between her glove and her sleeve. That's when it happened. Kahli screamed, her wrist burning like her skin was on fire. Cole gasped, flinging her wrist from him like she was poison. They both gulped air as they swore. Cole looked at the palm of his hands, his eyes widening, as Kahli looked down at her wrist.

The remains of the Section 8 runes were gone, burned away. The pale white scar from the wolf's fang zigzagged across her smooth skin like a bolt of lightning. And as she stared, something else began to appear. Under her skin, a line spread slowly, burning bright. It was like the blood runes on Will's chest, how they appeared under her fingers when she touched him. A flaming pattern formed, spinning in slow circles, and lifted to the surface, burning the mark into her skin. Kahli clutched her arm, trying to stop the scalding pain. When she lifted her gaze, she saw Cole grasping his wrist, looking at his palm like he wanted to cut it off.

Tilting his head back, he pressed his eyes closed. Kahli could see something branded on his palm, the bright red lines still glowing like wisps of a flame. It was her family crest. It was burned into the center of his palm. Kahli couldn't breathe. She staggered back from Cole, clutching her wrist, too afraid to look. Before she had a chance to think, Cole's angry gaze met hers. He grabbed her wrist, his bloody hand curling around her arm. Flipping her wrist over, he looked at the mark with disgust. Cole dropped her arm, and turned on his heel, thrusting his hands into his hair like he was going to scream and pull it out.

"This can't be happening," he hissed. "Not with you! Not now!" He rounded on Kahli. The blood on his face coagulated, darkening as it did so. The gash was no longer dripping.

"This can't be." Kahli stared at him, her green eyes wide. "My betrothed is dead, along with everyone else. There's no way in hell, it's you!" Kahli's anger got the best of her. She slammed her open palms into Cole's chest, but he barely rocked back. "Explain this!" she screamed, hitting his chest again. "You're not wild! You were raised on a farm, with Cassie! You can't be him!" While she screamed at him, one thought raced through her mind over and over, That life is gone. That life is gone. That life is gone.

Cole grabbed her wrists and flung them away. Hissing in her face, he growled, "Hit me again, and I don't care what our parent's agreed, I'll kill you." Kahli sucked in jagged breaths, her shoulders rising as her fingers balled into fists at her sides. The King was getting away, but she had to know why her family crest was on his hand. There was no way he could be the one that she was promised.

"You're not wild," she breathed too calmly, her voice almost airy. Pointing at him, she demanded, "Explain this. Explain why your cut healed. Explain why my crest is on your palm."

"I don't have to tell you a damn thing," Cole hissed and turned on his heel. He started to walk back the way he'd come. Kahli's jaw fell open. She froze for half a second and then followed him.

Grabbing his arm hard, Kahli pulled him around. Cole stared daggers at her. "My parents died protecting me."

"So did mine."

Kahli stared not knowing what else to say, to do. "It means nothing," but looking down at her wrist, she knew that wasn't true. Cole's blood brought out the rune, his family crest. It was burned into her wrist, just as hers was branded onto his palm. Their pasts connected them in a way that she couldn't ignore.

Cole's jaw tensed, like he was going to say something, but he didn't. Instead he turned on his heel with newfound determination lining his shoulders. He took a few steps and stopped. Turning around, he looked back at Kahli, at the girl his parent's choose for him, and his fingers curled into fists. She stood there looking at him, not following. He snapped at her, "Come on."

Confused at his change of direction, Kahli asked, "Where are we going?"

"To save the others. We'll lead them back to this passage way and tell them to follow the footprints out. Cassie can lead them to the hills and get them started toward the safe house."

"And what about you?"

Cole glanced at her like Kahli was a thorn in his side. "I've been marked for other things. Apparently, our fates are intertwined." Cole's gaze was hard, unforgiving, as he studied his hand. At the center of Kahli's crest was a wolf, savagely growling, bearing its teeth. Vines surrounded the animal, twining together at the top and the bottom with sprigs of flowers that hadn't been seen in centuries. He didn't even know what they were called. Blinking hard, he lifted his gaze to meet hers, "The King only expects to see you. You're more likely to survive if I go with you. Let's get this over with."

Kahli's lips lifted into a grin. There was no telling Cole differently once he made up his mind. And having him along might help. "I always knew something was wrong with you."

Cole glanced over his shoulder. Lifting a dark brow, he said, "Yeah, apparently all this time I was engaged to you, the biggest pain in the ass I've ever met."

Chapter 37

Cole directed Cassie to take everyone out through the garden and to continue onto the safe house without him. Although Cole didn't want Kahli to see Cassie, he couldn't leave her in the hallway. There were too many vamps as it was. Cassie squeezed Kahli so hard that she couldn't breathe.

"You're alive!" Cassie looked over her friend in awe.

Kahli nodded, trying pull out of Cassie's overly crushing hug. It felt good to be missed, but so much contact made her feel awkward. Cole watched as Kahli wriggled away. He said nothing. "It's good to see you, too." She smiled briefly and then became serious again, "Listen, we can catch up later." Cassie bobbed her head, nodding.

"You better get going," Cole said to Cassie. His face was stern, his voice unyielding. There was no room for debate. Cassie nodded and walked over to her brother. She gave him one last hug, and walked next to Chaucer who was waiting at the door. "Oh," Cole added, tossing Cassie a lighter. It arched across the room, and Cassie caught it. She looked at it confused and lifted her gaze to Cole, "Light them. Any downed vamps, any live vamps - all of them. I don't want to leave anything behind. The palace will be a pile of ashes after tonight. I already rigged something outside, too, something to discourage them from chasing after us. Torch the spot at the south exit after everyone is through. Got it?"

Cassie nodded, pocketing the lighter.

Kahli looked back and forth at them, wondering where this change came from. Before she left, Cassie acted like she wouldn't hurt anything, and now she was okay with torching any vampires in her way. Brows knitting together, Kahli said, "You can't be serious?"

Cole spoke over Cassie, "I'm not defending our actions to you."

"But a bunch of them are under the King's thrall. You can just light them all on fire. It's not - " By a bunch of them, she meant Will, and other Bane that were property just as much as they were. Never in her life did Kahli think she would be speaking up against slaying vampires, but Bane were different. They had no choice. They were slaves, caught between the greed and blood of the old vampire regime.

"Not what?" Cole bit off. "Humane? They aren't human, Kahli." Lifting his gaze toward Cassie, he nodded once, affirming his original order.

Cassie looked back at Kahli. Something flashed in her friend's eyes. She wasn't sure if it was uncertainty or an apology. "Will's out there," she finally said. She left him lying in a heap of dead vamps. The look on Kahli's face said everything. Cassie opened her mouth, her head tilting to the side as though she was about to say she wouldn't torch Will.

But Cole cut her off, "He's one of them."

"He is not," Kahli bit back, rounding on Cole. "He's one of us."

"How stupid are you?" Cole scolded, "Will's a vampire. He's on their side."

Kahli's voice was deep and menacing. "Will risked his life for me. He's not a vamp. He's a Bane," there were a few gasps around the room. It was a secret she was supposed to keep. Will didn't tell anyone what he was. They all assumed that he was a vampire, but he wasn't. He aged, he bled, he breathed. Kahli couldn't have Cassie drop a torch on that pile of dead vampires in the courtyard. She couldn't let them kill Will. Kahli continued, her eyes locked with Cole's, "He's half human. You can't kill him."

"Even if he is a Bane," he said, voice stern, "there's no such thing as a half-breed. If he needs blood to survive, he's one of them, he's a vampire. We can't afford to make a mistake tonight, Kahli. All vampires are evil. You know this..." Cole's voice drifted off as he stopped speaking. He acted like explaining something so remedial to Kahli was absurd. Kahli hunted and killed vamps. Just because Will was a Bane, didn't mean he didn't have blood on his hands. To Cole, Will was a vampire. End of story. Disgusted, he turned to his sister. Glancing at Cassie, he nodded, repeating, "Kill him."

Kahli's body tensed, her fingers curling to fists at her sides like she'd punch Cole if he kept talking, but Cassie started hissing at them. The forcefulness of her voice made them both look at her in surprise. "Stop fighting. Now." She glared at them. After a second she said, "We're leaving. I'm not killing Will. He helped me too many times, Cole." Cassie knew that Kahli had feelings for Will. Although they hadn't spoken of it much, she knew. Cassie nodded at Cole and slinked out the door before he had a chance to say anything else.

Tension lined Kahli's shoulders and arms. "Have you forgotten what murder is, Cole?"

He rounded on her. Using his body, he shoved Kahli hard into the wall. The movement was fast and hard. Kahli's head banged into the plaster, pieces of it flaked off into her hair on impact, "Don't assume you know crap about my life." He held his arm on her neck. If he threw his weight into his arm, it would crush her throat.

Kahli couldn't let him think he was right, "There's no justification you can give that makes it right, ever. I have blood on my hands. Vamp blood. Human blood. It was my decision." She choked the words out. Cole's arm remained in place as she spoke. "Never for one moment did I pretend that it wasn't wrong."

"But you killed them anyway," he breathed. "You hunted the Trackers and picked them off one by one. You attacked Will and tried to kill him yourself when you first got here. You're honestly telling me, given the chance again, that you wouldn't slaughter the lot of them?"

Kahli's throat burned. Cole dropped her, and stepped away. Kahli fell forward, and sucked in air, choking. Cole was dangerous, more so than she thought. When she stood, Kahli straightened her spine and walked up to Cole. Inches from his face, she said with utter conviction, "I wish they never existed. I wish they never found us, never hunted us, never needed us to survive. If I had it to do over again, I'd want to kill every last vampire, but I wouldn't..."

With a bewildered look on his face, Cole asked, "Why?"

Kahli answered, "Because some of them are as trapped as we are. Some of them are worse off than me and you. Their families were slaughtered, too. They're weak and dying, starving to death. This isn't right. The way the world works is broken, Cole. You can't kill everyone in it and start over. Life doesn't work that way." Disgusted with him, Kahli shook her head and moved toward the door.

"I don't understand you," he confessed, but it sounded like an accusation. Cole fell in step behind her and Kahli pulled the door open.

Looking at him over her shoulder, she said, "Join the club."

Chapter 38

Reggie made the mistake of arriving alone. The Queen's guards were at his back, his insane sister in front of him. "Darling, Sophia. How's the evening progressing for you? Out for a bit of fresh air?" he asked smiling. The wind blew harshly, blowing his coat open.

Sophia stood before him in her flimsy red dress, the skirt blowing in the wind like a bloody streamer. Her lips pulled back into a smile, revealing her pointed teeth, "Nice to see you, brother. Have you brought me more gifts? Or perhaps returned the one that was stolen from me?" Sophia looked past him, but only saw her guards. When she looked back at her brother, she lifted a delicate brow to indicate she was waiting for a reply - and it better not suck.

Reggie clasped his hands behind his back and smiled widely. "You know, the strangest thing happened. When I left yesterday, I managed to get lost in the storm. Thomas drove us into the wasteland where I came across a young man and a red-headed girl."

Sophia stepped toward him, half excited, half angry. "Where are they? You found both of them?"

Reggie, beamed, nodding, not exactly sure how to play his hand since his salvation ran off and didn't come back. Damn that girl. "I did. They're here now. I set them loose once we were on the grounds. Will was bringing her back to you, when they disappeared. I heard there was some question of loyalty last night, and I wanted to present them to you myself, but I'm not a fool."

She folded her small arms over her chest, "Apparently you are, dear brother, because I've yet to see young William or the girl."

"Yes," he said nervously, but still smiling. "But a gift given is still a gift, sister. They are here. Your guards know it. They've seen them."

Sophia snapped her fingers impatiently, her red nails flashing in the moonlight. The guards that escorted Reggie in fell in front of Sophia, bowing lowly. "Did you see the girl? Or Will?"

The guards rose. "Yes, Your Majesty. They were both in the truck when your brother arrived. The girl fell out the door, and the boy ran after her. We sent a pair of guards after them."

"So," Sophia said, speaking like they were toddlers incapable of understanding her, "where are they?"

The guard's looked at each other for a split second, and then lowered their gazes to the ground. "On the grounds, My Queen." One of them said at last. "We had to stay with Regent Reginald. They were charged with capturing the girl and bringing her back."

The Queen listened, tapping her ruby red nails together, which made an annoying clicking sound. A gust of wind howled and she stopped. It yanked her dark hair hard, pulling the curls loose. Sophia felt her hairstyle unraveling, but she didn't move. She didn't touch. Staring at the two guards, she hissed, "Find them. Now."

The two guards turned to scurry off, but stopped in their tracks. The front door to the palace was thrown open and light cut across the dark snow, cutting a wedge of light on the sparkling lawn. Sophia's lips parted, before curling at the corners. "How sweet. My husband has returned."

"I don't think he's bringing you presents, sister," Reggie said after stopping next to Sophia, and leaning to her ear. "He tried to drain her, you know. Bit her neck, and nearly lopped Kahli's head off. Somehow I doubt it was because he was bottling her blood for you..." Reggie trailed off as he saw the massive vampire appear in the threshold and follow the King onto the lawn.

Sophia remained relaxed. Her dark hair blew in the frigid wind as she watched her husband walk confidently toward her. The King stopped a few paces from his wife. "Sophia," he said once, but didn't incline his head as was the custom. Slipping his hands into his pockets, the King stood there, looking dashing as tiny flakes of snow whipped around him.

"Jared," Sophia replied, using his name, rather than title, to show she was through with him. In all the years they were together, she tolerated much, but this was the last straw. Sophia sauntered to him, swaying her slender h*ps as she went. "It's been drawn to my attention that you tried to drain my prized possession."

The King laughed like it was funny, "Prized possession? I hardly think she was your prized possession. That would be your mirror, but things have changed, haven't they Sophia?" He smiled with his lips closed, intending to appear smug. Celticad's shadow stretched out across the ground behind him. Everyone was in place, except the girl. Where was she?

Sophia's lips curled back into a vicious smile, revealing her pointed fangs. She licked them with her tongue, a slow stroke, the way she did when she was younger, when they met. "They certainly have."

The King's eyebrows lifted as his lips pulled into a small smile, still careful not to reveal his fangs, "Well, this makes things more interesting, does it not?" He looked at Reggie who had drawn back when the King strode across the lawn. The vampire was standing in a patch of moonlight that doused his dark hair, forming a halo. Jared laughed. "The old ways are returning, and with the old ways, old times, eh, Reggie?"

Reggie inclined his head, his full lips twisting into a smirk, "So it would seem."

Sophia's eyes darted between the two and for the first time in a century, she wasn't certain she knew everything. They were referring to something, something from their past. But their lives didn't intersect. They never had. Sophia's gaze narrowed, "Enough of this. If you are here to take what is mine, do not dishonor me with such idle chatter. Jared, the butcher's child, son of a peasant - I gave you this life and I can end it."

The King remained calm, "Then you better do so, my dear, because I've had enough of you to last a lifetime or two."

The Queen sprang on him, moving faster than the eye could see. The King shouldn't have seen it, he shouldn't have had time to react, but he did. Stepping to the side, the Queen flew by, comically streaking through the air like a kite. Landing hard on her feet, Sophia screamed and rounded on Jared. "You drank her blood," she accused.

The King shrugged, "It was there and I had nothing better to do, since you removed all my previous pastimes."

"Human relationships are off limits," she hissed, baring her fangs.

"I never kept them around long enough to have a relationship, my dear. In the olden days, I simply used them to my liking and drained them. But since you made that silly law, I was forced to sneak around behind your back." Sophia's black eyes narrowed to slits, her body tensing, but she didn't attack. The King continued, goading her and enjoying it immensely, "It made it fun at first, but now it's just a hassle. So, ask me, Darling..."

"Ask you what?"

"How many girls I've had since that law, you know, the ones that were forbidden - the girls from your private collection." He stepped toward her, his finger resting at the base of her throat. Looking into Sophia's eyes he said, "All but one, my Queen, and make no mistake - I will have her, too." The King's lips pulled back into a sinister smile, revealing his fangs.

Sophia saw them and froze. While her fangs were still forming, barely even points, Jared's were fully formed, coming to sharpened points. His finger was on her throat, trailing a line down her neck to Sophia's collarbone. He was close enough to kill her and strong enough to do it. Sophia went rigid, knowing she would lose. She didn't know how it was possible, but he'd had more blood than her. That was the only reason his fangs were fully formed, and if his fangs had returned, so had his other powers. "If you came to execute me, do it. I'm not your toy to bat around."

"Actually," he whispered in her ear, "you are." Pulling back, he dropped his finger and winked at her. Sophia hissed at him, but did not strike. The King grinned. "Fangs, Sophia - your transformation to the old ways is so near completion, but not quite." Sophia remained rigid, her shoulders squared off, watching her husband pace around her. "I'd planned on just slitting your throat and dropping a match, but what fun is that?" Snapping his fingers, Celticad walked up behind him and held out a glittering chain. The King tilted his head toward Sophia, "Wrap her up."

Celticad stepped toward Sophia. She shrunk back as the giant vampire came toward her. She noticed his smooth skin, the lack of translucence. While she could fight him and win, she could not defeat her husband. It was a fact, and yet, if she didn't do something, she would die. Sophia acted. Launching herself forward, she attacked Celticad. Her tiny body, slammed into the vampire hard. The force of the hit made Celticad stagger back a step and blink. When he looked down, he saw where the Queen stabbed him in the side with a dagger. Looking irritated, the vampire reached down and pulled it out. The blade came away stained with red blood. Sophia's eyes widened as she looked at the dagger. Without a word, she attacked again, screaming for her guards to do the same, but they stood there, blinking in shock.

"Enough," the King bellowed. He moved faster, hit harder, and had the Queen pinned to the ground at her brother's feet. Jared rested his hand on her face and the other at the base of her neck, exposing her throat. Without a word, he lunged at her, sinking his fangs into her neck. Sophia screamed out, clawing at him, trying to wrench herself free. But as the King drank, she grew weak. The burning at her neck faded, and soon she felt numb. Pulling away, the King, grinned down at her, his lips covered with her blood. "Just like old times, my dear. Ending it like old times will be much more fitting, don't you agree?"

"What do you mean?" she barely had the strength to ask. He'd drained all her power and she couldn't make her body move. She couldn't even bring herself to sit up. She needed blood.

Snapping his fingers, Jared pointed at his prone wife. Celticad brought the chains forward and wrapped them around her body, pinning her arms to her sides. The metal hissed on contact and Sophia cried out, "With the return of the old powers also comes the old ailments - silver, sunlight." He paused seeing the shock in her eyes, "Oh, you poor thing. You didn't know. To tell you the truth, neither did I, until that precious pet of yours stabbed me with a silver comb." He grinned as Sophia laid at his feet, squirming, her skin smoking from the silver. Looking up at Reggie, he asked, "The box? Or sunlight?"

"Why not both?" Reggie grinned.

Sophia's gaze cut to Reggie, "You planned this with him."

"I told you I'd kill you given the chance. The King was kind enough to offer me that chance. Good-bye darling sister." Reggie laughed and turned back to his truck, gesturing for the guards to fetch the items from the bed. "I brought a lovely box."

The guard's hauled a wooden box from the truck and lowered it next to Sophia. She stiffened when she saw it. "Remember this, sister? Remember teaching me how to hunt by locking me in this wooden coffin for months on end? It left me so starved, that by the time you let me out, I'd do anything to get blood."

Sophia swallowed hard, her eyes wide. Her jaw locked as if she was steeling herself to her fate. "A few decades trapped inside sounds perfect." The King practically purred. Stepping over the Queen, he lifted her like it was their wedding night, his eyes filled with emotion. The silver chains burned into his arms, but he didn't care. This was worth it. Reggie opened the lid and Jared lowered his bride inside. Sophia screamed as he did it, thrashing in her chains, making her skin hiss as more of it was burned away. She stilled for a second when her back hit the wood. Leaning over her, Jared kissed his wife on the forehead, and said, "Next time you see my face, you'll die, but you'll be so deranged by starvation by then, that you won't remember. Sweet dreams, my love." He stepped away, and Reggie lowered the lid. Celticad wrapped the coffin in a thick set of chains and the three vampires looked down at the box with the Queen screaming inside.

"Where do you want her?" Celticad asked.

"The tunnel under the palace," the King ordered. He stared at the coffin, saying, "I want to be able to visit her once in a while, make her remember who she was and how she came to be in that box. Parade her through the palace, first. Tell them that their Queen is no more." Celticad nodded once, like it was a normal request. Ordering two other vampires to lift the box with him, Celticad and the others started walking back to the palace with the Queen's coffin lifted high on their shoulders. Her scream pierced the night and faded, carried away by the wind as they brought her inside.

With a grin on his face, the King turned slowly, sensing her. "Come out, my dear, and see how forgiving I can be."

Kahli stepped from the shadows behind Reggie's truck. The others were surprised to see her, but not the King. "Vampires don't forgive," Kahli breathed, her green eyes narrow, pulse pounding in her ears. The way the King looked at Kahli made too many emotions slither through her body. Part of her wanted to go to him, to let him have her, while the part of her brain that slayed his Trackers wanted to feel his blood running between her fingers.

The King's lips pulled into a devastating smile, "No, we don't." He stared at her, neither commanding her to come or moving toward Kahli. The wind whipped his dark hair and blew through the buttons on the front of his shirt, filling it with air. He looked like a god, standing in front of her, dripping with power. After a moment, his smile shifted to a self-satisfied smirk. His eyes cut the side as he said, "Isn't that right, William?"

Will stepped through the crowd of vampires gathered behind the King. They parted for him, as Will walked slowly forward, his eyes fixated on Kahli. His suit was streaked with red and black blood like he'd been fighting. Kahli's heart twisted so hard she thought it broke. In that moment, it felt like time stopped. This couldn't be what it looked like. The King didn't own Will, he'd told her as much, but that meant that Will was there by choice.

A bright red stain ran down the back of Will's head. It was from the spot where Kahli hit him with the flashlight. The blood was still fresh, dripping down his neck, forming long streaks of scarlet across his white suit. Will watched her, his bottomless blue eyes locked on hers. "It is. We're a vengeful lot. Vindictive to a fault, fixated on getting what we want - at any cost." Will stood between Reggie and the King, his arms folded, his eyes hard. He stared at her with disgust in his eyes.

"Will," Kahli breathed his name like he was a ghost. For a moment she thought they caught him, that Will stood there like that because he was forced to, but that wasn't the case. The three were standing together, shoulder to shoulder, like allies. Her throat tightened so quickly that she couldn't speak. Bile rose up her throat, pooling in her mouth. All that time together in the cave, all those things he told her - the stolen kisses - everything was a lie. It was to lure her in, to make Kahli trust him. A sensation so bitter, so sour filled her stomach and fluttered through her body that she couldn't stand to look at him another second. The wind blew cold and fierce. Kahli was like that wind - cold and brutal - and completely alone.

Glancing at them, she had to make a choice. There was no time to ask Will what he was doing, if this was what it looked like, if all the things he's said to her were lies - there was no time for any of that. For their plan to work, she had to act now, but Will was standing with them. There was no way to protect him.

Tears stung her eyes, but Kahli refused to let them fall. This was his decision. Will was standing with the wrong side. He chose the vampires over her. There was no way to save him now. Pressing her eyes closed, Kahli allowed the pain to flood her body. Her voice was firm when those green eyes opened again, determination prominent. Kahli blinked at Will, his face fading as her lashes fell. Turning away, she said, "Light it."

Instantly, a wall of flames sprung from the ground, like golden bars of light, nearly engulfing the vampires closest to her, including Will. He stepped back, staring at her through the flickering flames, refusing to sever their gaze. Kahli's stomach twisted, her throat felt like it was crushed. There were shouts of shock as the flames shot out of the ground like sleeping beasts. Screams of pain sprung out as the wall of flame raced toward the palace. Another bright spot flickered in the distance, racing toward them, trapping the vampires behind the inferno. The flames formed a golden cage, holding the vampires back. The flames hissed, pushing the vamps away from Kahli and toward the palace. The wall of flames billowed with black smoke, stretching high into the night sky. Will wasn't the only set of eyes on Kahli. The King's golden gaze was locked on her face, his chest filling with smoke as he breathed in the air. His body was too close to the flames, but he refused to step back. Reggie finally pulled him away, shouting things Kahli couldn't hear over the roaring flames. The rest of the vampires scattered when the flames flew through the landscape, and raced back toward the palace. Vampires ran toward their home to protect it, while others went up in flames, having the misfortune of having the fire spring on them like a wolf. The suits they wore were very warm, but very flammable.

More screams erupted as Kahli stood there, eyes locked with Will, her red hair dancing in the wind like tongues of fire. It seemed like a lifetime, standing there, staring at him. Somewhere in the back of Kahli's mind, she knew she needed to run, but her feet wouldn't listen. They remained glued to the spot as the fire flared in front of her. Cole ran forward, and grabbed Kahli by the wrist. The rune burned as he touched her, but Cole didn't let go. He tugged hard, and Kahli finally stumbled away from the smoke and flames, choking as the wind shifted and blew the black smoke in her face. Cole raced away from the wall of flames, making sure their bodies were lost in shadow beyond the flickering golden light. Kahli felt empty, like someone carved out her insides and left them with Will. She didn't feel anything as they ran, and the banshee-like screams of the vampires burning within the palace walls floated over her like a whisper. It was a moment that should have made her feel something - pride, fear, fulfilled vengeance - but Kahli felt nothing.

Cole was hissing at her as they ran, but she didn't hear him either. She couldn't focus. Cole's words floated over her like snowflakes lost in the wind. He stopped where he had a bike waiting. Out of breath, he turned to Kahli, scolding, "Snap out of it." When she didn't blink, Cole grabbed her shoulders and shook her hard. She felt his hands on her, but her mind kept repeating, Will. Will is one of them. Cole yelled at her, but Kahli barely heard him. It wasn't until his palm connected with her cheek that she blinked. When he raised his hand a second time, her green gaze focused. Catching Cole's hand by the wrist, she stopped him before he struck her again. Kahli's gaze was blank. She held his arm and jerked him close, like she was going to snarl in his face, but she didn't speak.

Cole ripped his arm away, "You need to drive us to the others. Now. Snap out of it, Kahli. They need you. I can't do this alone. Cassie means well, but she doesn't know what's out here. You do." His words bit into her like a starved animal. Each word stung, making her feel foolish for being so shocked.

Breathing hard through her nose, Kahli nodded. Kahli grabbed the bike and swung her leg over the top as Cole stood next to her. Kick starting the bike, the engine turned over and Cole climbed on back. Without a word, the two circled the palace to survey the damage. Carnage would better a better word. Kahli knew if she turned around to look at Cole's face that it would have a satisfied smile. The palace was burning at both ends. Only the center seemed untouched. Pillars of black smoke stretched into the night sky, illuminated by the golden glow of the flames consuming everything and everyone in its path. It was a moment that she'd never forget. Everything that place represented was burning, soon it would be reduced to cinders and charred earth. Kahli glanced over her shoulder at Cole. He nodded once, and then they headed toward the others, allowing the wind to cover their tracks.

Cole clung to Kahli's back, bouncing around on the back of the bike every time they hit a bump. When they were off the palace grounds, they ditched the bike and continued on foot. Kahli grabbed the contents from the bike's frame and shoved the stuff in Cole's pack. Cole hadn't said anything to her. They walked for over an hour in silence, the wind making their faces raw. Kahli didn't grab a mask to protect her face from the weather. It was a novice mistake, but she didn't think she'd need one. Kahli's plan had been to go back for Will after torching the palace, but things changed.

Kahli's heart slid down into her stomach like a piece of lead. The heaviness crushed her chest, making her ribs feel like they could crack under the weight of remorse. It was all she could do to make her legs move.

"He's not worth it," Cole finally said, glancing over at her. Kahli stared straight ahead, her face devoid of emotion. "Kahli - " Cole reached out for her hand and held onto it. His fingers pressed into her hand. Kahli stopped and glanced over at him. Cole's voice was less poisonous than she expected, it was almost supportive, "I know you feel betrayed, but you can't shut down right now. That fire bought us a few days at most. The vamps were dousing the interior flames before we got off the palace grounds. You're the only one that's survived out here for any length of time. They need you." After a moment, his voice softened and he said something uncharacteristically Cole, "I need you. I can't do this on my own. There are too many of them. And the world isn't like it was last time. There's no palace to run to, no safe place for us. We need you." He released her hand, allowing it to drop to her side. It hung there like dead weight for a moment.

His words sank in slowly. Kahli nodded. Swallowing hard, she finally spoke. Her throat burned from swallowing so much smoke. It made her voice sound like gravel, "We can't go to the safe house. Will knows where it is. I suspect that he knows where all of the safe houses are." Cole's face pinched together, making him look years younger. Cole was always fighting, always trying to save himself and Cassie. It wore him down, making him bone weary. Kahli could see it in his eyes. She knew how it felt, how desperate things can be. Kahli explained, "Will was following me, tracking me, before I realized he was there."

Cole's eyes widened. Concern made his voice urgent, "Then where do we go?"

Kahli looked back at the sunrise spilling over the horizon. Long beams of orange spilled across the white earth, chasing away the night. An idea formed in her mind. "We have to go somewhere they'll never find us. Someplace that never existed. The place we were supposed to go if we were caught..." Kahli took Cole's hand and turned it over. Pushing back his sleeve, she looked at his wrist, and pointed to the rune. "We'll go here."

Cole didn't blink. He didn't contest her. Instead he nodded, and she dropped his arm. "Do you think it's still there? The camp, I mean. I was told the same thing. If I was captured, I was to show them the brand on my wrist. The vamps would take me home, but they said the brand was fake, that we concocted it."

Kahli shrugged, "I was told the same thing, but it doesn't make sense. Why would both our parents be so certain that Section 8 existed, and tell us to get there if there was nothing there." She shook her head slowly, her hair floating around her face, "I believed Will. I believed it wasn't there and that we got busted, but maybe that isn't true. It exists." Certainty flooded her body. She felt like the brand was a puzzle piece and they were holding it upside down. "Maybe the vamps didn't know about it because it's not a farm. Maybe it's another safe house? One we missed? Besides, I don't see another option." Walking, she kicked the snow, sending white flakes flying. When she walked through the cloud of white, snow clung to her collar and stuck in her hair. Glancing at Cole, she asked, "Were you ever there?"

Cole shook his head, "My parent's spoke about it and told us about the rune, but I've never been there. Honestly, I thought it was just meant to keep vamps from realizing we were wild. After all this time, I thought Section 8 was a fairytale."

Kahli smirked, "Same here, but I guess it's time for fairytales to come true. Since your crest burned the rune off my wrist, we'll have to hope yours is enough. The rest of the palace humans were raised on farms. They won't have any idea where it was. Let's just hope we can find it."

Cole looked at his wrist, at the mark he'd though was a brand all these years, wondering if it was something more. He nodded to Kahli and said, "To Section 8."

