Prologue

The Basement

Her brother, Stellan, was always telling her curiosity killed the cat. She was too young to take this as the warning it was. She was curious. Curious about the noises she thought she heard from below the house. Curious enough to venture downwards.

Like a cat that knew she wasn't allowed on the kitchen counter tops, Eden made her way down the wide stone staircase that spiralled into the basement. Her heart thudded in her chest. Daddy said she wasn't allowed down here, but that noise... She flinched again as another scream rent the air. As her patent shoe finally descended into the corridor, and her head peeked around the corner tentatively, she thought her heart was going to explode out of her chest. She froze, her eyes drawn to the iron door near the end of the long hallway. She waited as the sounds of struggle beyond the door grew more frantic.

The iron door burst open. A woman - a beautiful woman with long red curls - fell out of the doorway and onto the cold, hard floor; her arms stretched out in front of her as she tried to claw her way along the ground, fingernails breaking off in her wild struggle. Eden took a step forward, terror choking her. The woman's mouth and left side of her pretty face were swollen. Even so young, Eden knew the signs of violence. Eden's horrified eyes scanned the nak*d woman. Raised bite marks, bleeding and raw covered her br**sts and stomach, and (Eden shuddered in confusion) the inside of her thigh. Lacerations across her back and legs wept openly, excruciating and bloody. The woman sobbed, too weak to pull herself very far, crawling in increments towards Eden. Eden took another step forward and the woman looked up.

"Help!" she yelled hoarsely, her wide eyes begging and pleading with Eden, the sight of the little girl sparking a dismal hope. "Please, help me!" She reached out towards her, screaming all the while. Involuntarily, Eden felt her little arm move out towards the woman. But she didn't know what to do. What should she do?!

The iron door scratched harshly against the stone floor and her father appeared out of the room, his hair was mussed and his face glowing. The top of his trousers were undone, his leather belt dangling from his clenched fist. He scowled ferociously at Eden as he grabbed the screaming, scratching woman up into his arms as if she were nothing more than a wriggling puppy.

"Ryan, no!" She sobbed, clawing at Eden's father. Ryan ignored her.

"Eden!" he bellowed. "Get out of here! Don't ever come here again without my permission!" And with that he slammed back inside the room, the iron clashing against brick like the roar of a monster.

Everything grew quiet... except for the harsh, racing thump of Eden's heart.

"Eden!"

She turned slowly. A blurry Stellan leapt down the staircase towards her, panic and concern in his voice. He reached her, clutching her arms tightly in his hands.

Eden promptly threw up at his feet.

Stellan cursed and raced back upstairs. He seemed to take forever as she sat there, breathing through her mouth, her chest heaving. When he returned he had cleaning products, and went about taking care of the mess she had made, muttering something about mom and dad not finding out how she'd had that kind of reaction. When he was done, Stellan returned and carefully lifted her into his strong, young arms. She snuggled into the warm safety of him as he carried her back upstairs to her room. He sat down on the bed, keeping her secure in his hold.

"You can't tell anyone, Paradise," he whispered softly, using his teasing nickname for her. "You can't tell anyone what you saw down there. Not any of the other Blessed that visit mom and dad. What dad did... does... torturing and killing humans... it's a breach of our laws."

She shivered. "The law?"

Her brother nodded, his face taut with disapproval. "There's a group, called The Tribunal, they make sure the Blessed don't call attention to our race; they enforce the law that we should only feed on, not devour a human's soul, so that we don't start killing off humans. We need them for our survival, after all."

"Does it hurt them?" She sniffled. "The humans?"

Stellan's chest moved up and down in a heavy sigh beneath her head. "Yes. But it can't be helped, Eden. You'll understand when you awaken. The hunger is just... too sweet."

Stellan had awoken a few months before. Her big brother was always developing faster than everyone else; he was smarter, taller, quicker. And he'd awoken a couple of years before the average soul eater. Ryan was so proud. As for Stellan, Eden could hear the awe and wonder in his voice at this new cycle in his life.

"But what daddy does...?" The woman's face flashed before her eyes, begging Eden to help her. She began to cry quietly.

She felt her brother tense beneath her. "Dad gives into his instincts when he shouldn't. I think Teagan is going the same way."

Teagan was their cousin. He had come to live with them after his father, Ryan's brother, had been killed along with his wife. Eden still didn't know how they had died - she hadn't thought the Blessed were easily killed - and her father refused to tell her. Teagan was a year older than Stellan, and Ryan seemed to prefer him to his own children.

"Does mom do it, too?"

She felt Stellan shake his head. "Mom's like me. Or I'm like her, I guess. She's more cautious of us being found out."

Eden had a horrible thought. "Would you want to? Do what daddy does, I mean?"

At his continued silence, Eden looked up into her brother's face and saw the longing there. He clenched his fists and his jaw. "It's there. The desire to do it... But I know it's wrong, so I won't," he promised.

"Is it wrong because you'd be killing a human or wrong because you'd breaking the law?"

Sighing again, Stellan brushed her hair back off her face in easy affection. "You'll understand, Paradise, when you're older. We can't help our nature. But we can try and control it."

She was silent and pale.

Finally, Stellan grinned down at her. "This is no way to celebrate your birthday. Come on." He settled her on her feet, grabbing her hand. Gently he began dragging her downstairs. Stellan took her through the back rooms and out onto the huge balcony that descended into twin stairs, leading out onto their land at the back of the house. By the time he had chased her through the gardens he had her laughing and giggling again. He swung her up into his arms as he caught her at the end, near their mother, Celine's, prized fountain and turned her to where her gift awaited.

"Happy Birthday, Paradise."

At the sight of the pony, she squealed in childish delight.

The nightmares that began that night lasted longer than the pony.

Chapter One

Not Your Average 'Nobody'

Salton, Michigan

Her English teacher droned on in the background but Eden Winslow wasn't really paying attention. She was gazing in frustration out of the classroom window, out through the school parking lot, past the front gates and at the library across the street. Two guys in sunglasses sat on the steps, one reading a newspaper, the other sipping coffee. Their faces were totally familiar.

Her dad really thought she was stupid. He was sooo paranoid.

She nearly snorted out loud as she watched the two men trying to look inconspicuous. It was a dull, cloudy day outside... maybe they should have reconsidered the sunglasses. Morons. Jeez, her dad actually thought she had no idea he had bodyguards tailing her back and forth from school and wherever else she went.

Noah thought she should talk to him about it. Get him to stop.

Noah didn't know Ryan.

Mmm. Noah. She felt her chest constrict with the hunger.

"... career week in a few weeks and it has inspired me." Miss Travis grinned excitedly at the class. Eden groaned, even though she was kind of glad Travis had distracted her. Still it never boded well when Miss Travis got inspired. And to be inspired by the upcoming, dismal career week? Joy. "I want all of you to write a short, autobiographical piece about your lives, as though you're eighty years old and have already lived it. What will stand out about your life when you're old and wrinkly and have time to contemplate it?"

The screams, Eden thought, a cold sweat breaking out across the top of her skin.

"Well, we all know how Andie's going to end up." Maria Roth smirked at the shy girl across the aisle from her. Andie immediately turned bright red, her eyes widening with panic as everyone turned to stare. "In some freakshow for mutes."

The class tittered at the dig until Miss Travis hushed them. Eden barely registered her admonishing the girl. She was too busy shooting daggers at Maria. Everyone picked on Andie because she was painfully shy. Sure, Eden reckoned the girl should probably, like, talk to a therapist about her problem, but still... bullying someone with a crippling fear of being the center of attention was just sick. And Eden knew a lot about sick and twisted.

"Well." Eden shifted in her seat, her strange, pale grey eyes slanted narrowly on Maria. "With your family's history it's safe to say we know how your biography is gonna go... something about drug abuse, becoming a crack-whore, breaking a record for most accumulated sexually transmitted diseases, and either OD'ing under some fat, rutting, married taxi driver, or from tetanus poisoning from the 'I ain't a bore, I'm a whore' tattoo you had slapped on your ass - you know, to improve the view for the clients."

And that was the reason Noah was her only friend.

Maria lunged at her and Eden braced herself for attack. She and Maria were both about five feet eight, but Maria was solid while Eden... wasn't. It wouldn't matter. Eden had her mom and dad's genes, and thus their preternatural strength.

Miss Travis dived in between them before Maria could get to Eden's hair. She'd seen Maria in fights before and the bitch always went for the hair. As Miss Travis pushed Maria back into her seat, Eden reached up to pat her head instinctively. She didn't think much of herself but her hair she liked. It was thick and black as tar, and fell to her waist in a shiny silk curtain that other girls gazed at enviously. No bitch was touching her hair.

"Miss Winslow!" Miss Travis spun on her, her eyes sparking furiously. "You will report to this classroom after school!"

Sure, Maria makes a jab and gets told to shut up; I make one little crack-whore joke and I get detention.

Another reason she didn't have any friends. People just didn't like her.

It was probably the whole 'Blessed' thing. She gave off vibes.

Yup, it was true. No matter how much Eden tried to get her head around it, she couldn't quite believe she was one of the bad guys.

Eden had been aware of the screaming that came up from the basement of her parent's mansion for as long as she could remember. It only ever happened when someone opened the huge iron door to her father's private room. The terrified, exhausted cries for help would rip out through the open door to haunt Eden. It had fallen to her brother, Stellan, to explain. She had been six years old, he only nine, as he held her close and told her a story of the gods of ancient Egypt. It was a story he'd had to tell a couple of times more later on because she hadn't fully grasped it then. Now she knew that because some Pharaoh's wife, Merneith, had manipulated the goddess Bat into helping her take revenge against the man she loved (the Pharaoh - her brother, ugh!) and the mistress he loved, the Blessed had been born. And Eden was one of them.

"When the hunger awakens in us, Eden, we'll have to do what mom and dad do and feed off human souls. It'll make us even stronger than we already are, and we'll never get sick."

It had never occurred to her then to ask about the screaming - what exactly did it mean? She'd assumed it was a part of the soul-taking. There was so much more to it than that in her house, as she came to realize on her ninth birthday. Her parents had never exactly been the loving kind. Celine, although always careful of her, was just... indifferent. Ryan was overprotective (hmmph, that didn't even cover it) and he had a temper. But he liked to be kept updated on Eden's life. It wasn't love, not like Stellan (who always had time for her), but it was something. Her parents were usually too wrapped up in one another - they loved one another with a violent, jealous intensity, and there just wasn't enough room to love their kids. Having Ryan show a little interest now and again was something Eden clung to. For instance, he never missed a birthday. So when Celine told Eden on the morning of her ninth birthday that Ryan had a business meeting, Eden had been so disappointed she'd turned around and headed back to her room. That's when she'd heard the screaming from below...

...She remembered how the nightmares had come that night, of the woman begging her for help, her father's vicious face screaming into her own, dripping blood and gore. Nothing but Stellan could keep the nightmares at bay, which he did, rushing to her room to shush her so her parents wouldn't hear how traumatized she had been by her findings in the basement. She was one of the Blessed. The torture and killing of a human shouldn't affect her as much as it did. But Stellan protected her, keeping it from their parents. And now... no matter how much she wanted to fight it... she was getting hungry.

As she walked out of class, in a daze as per usual, Maria tried to slam her into the lockers. Eden didn't budge under what was a supreme effort from the stocky girl. Maria gaped at her in disbelief.

"You better watch your back, Winslow," she finally spat before pushing her way through the crowds of school kids.

Eden snarled at her. A ten, definitely a ten, she thought. Over the past few months, as the hunger grew stronger and it became more and more apparent that at some point she really was going to have to do something about it, she'd starting scoring people out of ten on whether she'd willingly suck their soul out of them or not. One being 'definitely not, dude is cool' and ten being 'hell yeah, dick deserves it'. Still, the thought of having to get close enough to Maria to do it... Eden shuddered.

Her cell buzzed in her pocket and she stopped glaring at Maria's departing back. It could only be one of five people. Her Mom, Dad, Stellan, Noah or Teagan. She shivered at the thought of the latter. She didn't even want to think about him.

She tugged out her phone and grinned.

Hey Paradise, how's skool? Class sucked so I bailed. Guess who stole ur Wii :-p

Laughing, Eden began texting back. Stellan was twenty now, and attending the local college, which he hated. He could have gone anywhere with his grades. Unlike Eden, he'd actually liked school and, with his looks and charm, had been pretty popular. Eden had no idea how he managed it, but he did. His future had looked bright; any college, anywhere, away from their psycho family. Eden had been scared of being alone without Stellan, but she'd also really wanted him to be happy. That's why she felt so guilty all the time. Stellan hadn't left because of her. Technically, Stellan hadn't left because of Teagan and his haunting Eden's every move. Like always, her big brother was protecting her.

School sucks. Got detention 2day. U can have the Wii, just don't delete any of my scores like last time :-s

As she made her way into the library, her phone buzzed again.

Too late :-o

Chapter Two

The Serpent and the Apple

Elbowing her way past a huddle of cheerleaders and jocks outside the cafeteria, Eden ignored the grunts and 'hey, watch its!' that followed her into the caff. She brown bagged it so no need to wait in line, although her eyes washed the line for Noah. He wasn't there.

Immediately her eyes tracked to the back of the caff to their usual table. There he was, smirking over at her.

Noah was a one. Definitely a one.

As she made her way through the tables and the bustle and crowd, her heart started racing a little faster as it always did when Noah was around. At first she had thought it was because she'd never had a friend before, let alone cool, loner, senior, transfer boy. It didn't take Eden long to realize it was more to do with Noah's delicious little soul. The idiot had awoken her hunger.

A freshman girl suddenly stopped in Eden's path to talk to some other person Eden didn't know or care to know. She waited a moment for the freshman to apologize for her rudeness and move. Not happening. True, she could turn back and head around one of the tables, but that was beside the point.

Eden cleared her throat.

Still nothing.

"Hey, Freshmeat!"

The girl looked up now, wide eyed. Eden was kind of notorious for being a loner and somewhat scary when crossed. Everyone had been surprised by her friendship with Noah. "Yeah?"

Eden raised her eyebrows. "What, did your mother never teach you any manners? You're in my way, Freshmeat. Move."

The girl paled and stumbled out of the way, her mini carton of milk toppling off her tray along with a cookie. Without thinking, Eden snapped her hands out and caught them before they hit the ground. Grumbling under her breath, she slapped them back on the freshman's tray.

"Wow," the girl squeaked. "Fast reflexes."

Eden shrugged and headed towards Noah. Stupid. She shook her head. Stupid, stupid. Sometimes it was hard not to act naturally. Naturally to her involved superfast reflexes, super strength, and the ability to compel humans. She had to keep those things under wrap and never let the humans see. Sometimes she forgot about the reflexes but she was careful with the compelling stuff.

OK. She wasn't going to lie. She may have compelled Mr. Durham last week to change her grade after she fluffed her French test.

"Terrifying toddlers still, I see." Noah threw her a reproving look as she slid into the seat opposite him.

"What." She shrugged, pulling out her sandwich. "I saved her milk and cookie. Jeez, what is she five?"

"You had to save them because you caused her to drop them."

"Look, Mr. S.A.I.N.T, she was rude. I called attention to the rudeness and moved on."

He chuckled before chugging back some Coke, his Adam's apple bobbing with the motion. Eden's chest grew tight watching him, her stomach clenching, her heart racing, her throat growing crisp and hot. She dropped her eyes, willing the hunger away.

Last year, at the beginning of her junior year, Noah arrived. Not only was South Salton High buzzing with the news of his arrival because he was a senior, and wasn't that weird and cruel of his parents to move him here at the end of his high school career, but Noah was also kind of swoon worthy. Tall. Built. Dark blonde. Amazing violet eyes. And a face that would make angels weep. In fact, he kind of reminded Eden of an angel. A dark angel with a wicked smile and a twisted sense of humor. At first Eden had ignored Noah, like she did every other person. Plus, he was a senior. But a couple of weeks in and everyone was talking about how weird Noah was. He didn't talk to anyone. He turned down a date with Lucy Stevens, the hottest senior at SSH and head cheerleader! Was he gay? Nah. The girls of SSH refused to believe someone that cute was gay. Instead they'd decided he was just a freak. But a straight freak. For starters, they didn't know who half the bands were he wore on his t-shirts. Yes, Eden thought wryly, at SSH the level of freakishness is directly related to your sheep factor - super freak being someone who is a billy goat (has their own mind), and popular and normal being a sheep (just another one of the flock).

Today his t-shirt had Biffy Clyro scrawled across it. Eden smiled. Dude had good taste in music.

Still, Eden hadn't cared. She hadn't actually given much thought to the guy other than that he must be smart as hell to have turned down Lucy Stevens. And then one day near the end of October, she was sitting in her favorite hangout, The Coffee Shoppe (Saltonians weren't big on originality), reading Shonen Jump for the latest on Naruto when a voice at her ear made her jump out of her skin.

"Are you reading a kid's magazine?"

Not only had she been shocked by Noah's ability to sneak up on her, she just couldn't believe he was actually talking to her. She'd glared at him as he slid into the seat beside her. "It's manga."

"Ah." He'd nodded. "Never really got into that crap."

"It's not crap," she'd snapped.

Noah had chuckled. "Sorry. No need to be so defensive."

Eden had harrumphed and returned to the magazine. She'd tried to ignore Noah as he leaned forward in his chair to yank a curled paperback out of the butt pocket of his jeans. He'd slumped back in the chair and began reading. Eden had snuck a peek.

In Cold Blood.

"Capote?" she hadn't been able to stop herself from asking.

Noah had smirked at her, a wicked angel smile. "Yeah. You read it?"

Eden had held up the manga. "Do I look like I've read In Cold Blood?"

Laughing, Noah had leaned over, his startling violet eyes glittering. "Tell you what... we'll swap."

"You wanna swap me Capote for Shonen Jump?"

He'd shrugged. "You said it wasn't crap. And In Cold Blood is definitely not crap."

Eden had looked at the book doubtfully. She wasn't really into classic American literature...

"It's good. Tragic and twisted but good," he'd tried to persuade her. When she didn't say anything, Noah had reached across and pried the manga from her hands, his fingers brushing hers. Immediately her stomach had clenched and this fierce ache rippled across her chest and up into her throat. It felt like a rush of lights exploding behind her eyes, and her nerves began jumping like crazy, her muscles twitching and twanging with the sensation. For a minute she thought she was going to pass out from the unbelievable rush. She hadn't known what it was, but she knew she didn't want Noah to move away from her. To stop talking to her. Instead, she'd agreed to the swap. They'd sat in silence for an hour reading, peeking out from the corner of their eyes at each other and then smirking when they were caught. Finally, Eden had had to leave for home.

"So... what do you think so far?" Noah had asked quietly as she stood up to leave.

Eden had shrugged. His eyebrow quirked up expectantly. She had smiled back despite herself. "It's good."

His own smile had widened into a huge grin. "Told you."

"You?" She'd nodded at the copy of Shonen Jump in his hand.

"Yeah, actually." He'd nodded, seeming surprised. "I like this Naruto kid. We have some things in common."

For some reason she'd felt this warmth rush through her. She smiled wryly just as she'd turned to leave. "Me too."

That night Eden had told Stellan about the feeling she'd gotten that day, without going into specifics or mentioning Noah. Her suspicions proved correct as Stellan told her excitedly that her hunger had finally awoken.

But, Eden thought, as Noah chattered to her about the latest Arcade Fire album, she would never hurt Noah. For the last six months, Noah had become this really important person to her. For once, someone other than a family member wanted to hang out with her. And with Noah it was easy. She didn't have to pretend so much to be someone else. He seemed to like her sullen charm just fine. He was her best friend.

"So what do you think?"

OK, she had totally blanked him. "Huh?"

Noah snorted. "Earth to Eden. Come in Eden."

"Yeah sorry, just kind of dazed." Just kind of hungry more like it, she thought, her lip curling as she caught sight of Maria Roth across the cafeteria. Ever since her parents found out she had awoken, they had been on her case day and night to have the Ceremony. The Ceremony where she would take her first soul. And the first soul had to be a complete soul. It was the only time one of the Blessed was 'allowed' to kill someone. Eden didn't think she'd be able to live with herself once it was over.

Maria slapped her supposed best friend, Cassie Williams, across the head. Even from here, Eden could see the girl's eyes water with the impact. OK. Maybe South Salton would be a better place without Roth in it.

"So what's up?" Noah asked. "You know, you being so dazed you completely blanked on my articulate and epic review of The Suburbs?"

Eden sighed. "I got detention from Travis."

Noah frowned. "What for?"

"Sticking up for Andie Lee."

His eyebrow nearly hit his hairline.

"What?!" She kicked him under the table. "You don't have to look so shocked. I hate Roth. She preys on the weak." She growled and glared back over at Maria.

Noah knew that look. He hated that look. He dreaded that look. Eden's eyes were narrowed on Maria Roth, the junior with no conscience. Her jaw was clenched and her fingers were trembling as she self-consciously tried to find something to do with them. Finally, Eden just lifted her sandwich, her fingers crushing the bread beneath the strength of the hunger. It was getting worse, he thought anxiously. Sometimes Noah caught that look directed at him, but just as quickly as it appeared Eden would pull away and make an excuse to get away from him. It gave him hope. It gave Cyrus hope. Still, her eyes were glued to Maria. Eden didn't like Maria the way she liked him. In fact, Noah was pretty sure Eden hated Maria. Would the need to eat Maria's soul overpower whatever it was that made Eden different? That made her semi-human?

"Dude, you went all pensive." Eden suddenly looked back at him, her brow creased with concern. "Everything OK?"

Noah grunted, deliberately relaxing his body. "Yeah, except that I keep telling you not to call me dude... and yet you keep calling me dude."

Eden chuckled, a throaty sound that warmed him. She had the alien pale grey eyes of a soul eater, but when she laughed like that the dimple in her right cheek flashed in and out and her eyes would warm just a little; he'd forget to be freaked out by the fact that he was pretending to be a soul eater's friend. "Aw come on, you know you look like a 'dude'."

"I've been surfing once and I sucked. Big time. I am not a dude. Repeat, not a dude."

She flashed him a wicked smile. "You have a choice here, Noah. I either call you dude, 'cause I like it, or I call you dick-"

"Why di-"

"Ah ah. It's rude to interrupt. Your choices are simple. I can shout 'hey, dude' down the school halls or 'hey, dick'." She grinned unrepentantly. "What will it be?"

He snorted and shook his head. "You are the weirdest girl I've ever met."

Eden rolled her eyes. "Established. So...?"

He heaved a sigh. "Dude it is then."

"I knew you'd choose wisely."

"You need to stop watching Bill and Ted." He pointed his apple at her, knowing full well why she'd started calling him dude. Stellan had watched the '90's comedy at college and had given her the DVD and now this had happened.

She frowned. "No way, dude.

Noah swallowed his laughter in his Coke, a strange niggling sensation gnawing at his ribs near his heart. Maybe his friendship with Eden wasn't pretend. She had a way of climbing under your skin and making you forget all the serious stuff. He now knew it was her way of trying to forget her own problems. Noah felt his heart thump a little harder. He wanted to move things along. With her hunger growing more obvious, maybe it was time. But he had to be certain. His heart told him Eden was everything Cyrus hoped she would be. But then she'd pull stunts like she did with the freshman. Not letting the milk and cookie drop was her way of apologizing for acting like a bitch in the first place. But that instinct was there. Noah sighed.

When he first got the assignment he'd been furious at the thought of cozying up to a soul eater. Now he just wanted it to be over. But not for him.

For Eden. For Cyrus.

Seven Months Ago...

..."A decision has been made about the child." Cyrus gazed at him, his strong face expressionless. Noah blinked at the surprising news and glanced between the Ankh's Princeps and his own father, Alain. All day he had wondered as to why The Circle demanded an audience with him. This had been the last thing from his mind.

The Circle, the ten eldest and strongest of the Warriors of Ankh, stared back at him stonily; each face and body no older in appearance than their late twenties, early thirties. This decision, whatever it was, had not been an easy one. According to his mother, his father and the rest of The Circle had been agonizing over it for years. Technically, his mother shouldn't have known anything about what was spoken of in The Circle. Alain may be one of them, although the youngest of the eldest (a mere thirteen hundred years or so old), but Emma was only hitting her three hundreds. As there were only fifty eight of the Warriors of Ankh left, The Circle was put in place to rule and organize not only themselves, but their brethren - the vastly more populated mortal Warriors of Neith; without whom the Ankh would not exist. A Warrior of Ankh could only be borne by the Neith, identified by the Ankh-shaped birthmark all Ankh's were born with on their body. The Ankh child was promptly handed over to The Circle and given to a member of the Ankh to be raised as their own. It was the way it had been for Alain and Emma, and for Noah. His Neith parents were both dead now as far as he was aware. But they had never really been his mom and dad.

There were thousands and thousands of Neith, run by their own councils, but The Circle was the highest authority.

Cyrus, their Princeps, was the highest authority. Their Princeps should have been Darius of Mesopotamia, he was the oldest of them all, but Darius just wanted to fight; he had no heart for politics and so he had walked away from The Circle handing his reign over to Cyrus. In accordance with old law, The Circle met and discussed situations, strategy, politics, law... and they voted.

But Cyrus' word was final.

Looking around the familiar faces of The Circle, Noah knew in this case, Cyrus' final word had not gone over well with some of them. The Circle consisted of six ancient warriors: Ulric, Alexander, Cassandra, Valeria, Leonidas and Cyrus. The other four were the eldest of the warriors of the dark ages; Hadrian, Bronwyn, Oengus and Alain. And standing in the middle before them as they sat preternaturally still in Cyrus's dining room, Noah the baby. At seventy years old he was the youngest of the Ankh.

Well... not quite.

"The child is almost seventeen years old. We've waited too long. We need to know for sure if she really is one of them," Cyrus' voice faded quietly and Noah felt a pang of sorrow for their Princeps. Cyrus was a good man and a great warrior. How had this happened to him?

Noah straightened to his full six feet, his own expression carefully grave. "What do you need me to do?"

"Investigate her," Valeria commanded. Not only was she one of Cyrus' oldest friends, she had a personal interest in the unfolding of this drama. "You're the youngest of us but you have proven yourself as fierce a warrior as your father. Most importantly you're the youngest in appearance. We're quite sure you can pass for a senior at least."

It was true that when he hit around eighteen he'd stopped ageing. Gradually he'd start to look a little older, but he'd always have the appearance of a young man. "Why do I need to look seventeen, eighteen?"

"You're going to befriend her," his father informed him in his lilting French accent. His words were laced with concern. Uh oh. His father was one of the warriors not too keen on this assignment. Great. "As far as we are aware she has not been told about our or the brethren's existence for fear she may come to her own conclusions. Although she is not heavily guarded at all times, she is watched. It will be easier for you to get to know her within school grounds."

Noah frowned. "You want me to find out... what kind of 'person' she is?"

Cyrus stood up quite abruptly, his eyes as old as the sands of Persia. "Yes. Also...I'm afraid, Noah, that you are going to be bait."

Oh great. Bait. Again.

"Eden should be nearing the hunger and you know that soul eaters are always drawn to our souls. If she does not know who we are, we are hoping she will be drawn to you. Befriend her, see if she resists your soul... try to uncover whether Merrit's daughter has her mother's humanity."

"And if she does?"

Cassandra and Leonidas, in particular, stiffened at his question. Cyrus looked at them, his lips tightened at their obvious contention. After a moment his eyes flickered up to Noah, blazing with determination.

"Then you bring her to me."

... He'd worked undercover before. He'd been bait before. But he'd never had to develop a relationship with one of them before. Arriving at the school at the beginning of the school year, Noah had known that he couldn't be obvious about it. Cyrus had already told him Eden was a loner. So he'd spent the first couple of weeks developing his own reputation for lonerhood. He'd even turned down a pretty hot cheerleader or two. Not that he would have done anything if the circumstances had been different. He'd been around for seventy years; he'd already been there. Done that.

Finally, sure that his reputation was cultivated enough to have even reached Eden's ears, he had approached her in her favorite coffee place. He had to admit he liked it there too. Having watched Eden for the past few weeks, he'd already begun to suspect Cyrus was right about her. Sometimes he'd see her yelling at someone for pasting a poster to her locker door and the next she was defending someone even lower down the school social hierarchy than her. Then there were the moments at the coffee place. He'd watch her reading those manga magazines, or sometimes a paranormal romance with some buff guy on the front, and he found himself transfixed. Eden's face was an open book. She'd snort at something, her lips tilting up into this childish, mischievous smirk that made him smile. She'd frown and clench her jaw when she was annoyed at something she was reading. And if she found something sad, he knew, because she'd shimmy her butt in her seat uncomfortably and blink really fast, pretending she had something stuck in her eye. And those romances... he smiled thinking about it. Eden was a blusher, that was for sure.

That was all it took. A few weeks of watching Eden read, and he knew he had to give this a chance. He had to prove Eden for Cyrus.

In the beginning, Eden was on the defensive, but amazingly she seemed to like the fact that Noah was unruffled by her biting personality; the biting personality that disappeared surprisingly quickly once she grew to like you.

Noah's reports back to Cyrus had been mostly positive so far... but still inconclusive. Eden had complained to him that her parents were pushing her into having this family party, like a debut, for her and she didn't want to do it. With having so recently and effectively awoken Eden's hunger, Noah knew what she was actually talking about was the Awakening Ceremony.

She was fighting her parents on it.

That was brave of her. And Cyrus was pleased.

Noah felt a 'but' float across his eyes as Eden once more growled low under her breath as she glared over at Maria Roth. Eden was on the fence. One wrong move and Noah was sure she'd give into her nature.

Eden curled her lip up and he watched her hands tighten into fists. A few seconds later they relaxed and she turned back to him, her pretty features smoothing.

"You know, I've never understood Twinkies," she said as she pulled one out of her brown bag.

Noah shook his head.

And then she'd go and say something kooky and utterly human like that, and he was back at square one.

Chapter Three

Family Values

"What the hell are you doing in my room?" Eden snarled as she stormed into her bedroom. Detention had been mind-numbing and bad-mood inducing, despite the fact she'd managed to get caught up on her history homework. The sun was just starting to peek through the clouds when she'd been inside, and then as soon as detention was over the rain started lashing down. To make matters worse, the check engine light on her car had come on ten minutes from the house. She'd gotten home OK but if she told Ryan she knew he'd want to put the car in the garage to be looked at. The Winslow mansion, a grand home built in the style of the southern antebellum plantation house, was outside of town; a good twenty-minute drive into wilderness. That would mean Celine would have to give her a ride back and forth to school... and wasn't that an uncomfortable addition to the day she'd like to avoid. So Eden had decided not to say anything but just thinking about keeping something from her father had given her a headache. And now this. Her cousin Teagan, lounging on her bed like he belonged there. Creepy s.o.b.

Teagan grinned at her and sat up, tossing the only teddy bear she owned between his hands. It was a panda bear. She'd had a little of obsession for them when she was eight and Stellan had surprised her one day with the bear. Her parents had not been amused, but Stellan hadn't cared about their opinion and that had meant a lot to her. She'd kept the bear in pristine condition ever since. Seeing it in Teagan's hands made her want to rip his throat out. But then... everything he did made her want to rip his throat out.

"Hello to you too, Babe." He winked at her.

"Ugh. Don't call me babe. And get out." She crossed her arms over her chest and willed him to leave with the power of her glare.

Teagan stood up and instinctively Eden wanted to step back. He was about Noah's height, a little shorter than Stellan, but just as broad. His pale eyes ran the length of her body, slowly, measuring, trying to own her somehow just with that look. She shivered and he smirked. "Ryan sent me to talk to you about the Awakening Ceremony."

Eden scoffed, "He actually thought you'd be the one to convince me to do it?"

"Eden, Babe, you gotta do it sometime." He bit his lower lip and narrowed his eyes. It was a practiced expression that Eden knew worked on all those girls he destroyed. Sure Teagan was good looking, but Eden reckoned you only needed a little bit of intuition to know there was something off about the guy. Seriously off. "I mean what's the hold up? Are you worrying about killing someone, because I can assure you that you'll feel better once it's over?"

"Oh yeah, like you ever felt bad about killing someone."

This time when he stepped towards her, Eden did take a step back. She knew Teagan had been using the basement for his own perversions for the last few years. He was as sick in the head as Ryan. Eden thanked God Stellan denied that repulsive side of his nature.

"No. I haven't." Teagan smiled. "But then that doesn't make me the freak here, Eden. No that would be you. Look... your daddy is getting a little impatient." He stopped now, inches from her, her eyes level with his throat. "You know Ryan listens to me," he reminded her of her father's favoritism as he brushed a hand down her cheek. Eden flinched back and Teagan snarled, gripping tight to her chin and jerking her head back, forcing her to meet his eyes. "You play nice and I might buy you a little time."

She felt the bile rise in the back of her throat. The disgust must have read on her face because his grip tightened. "Play nice?"

His eyes flashed, the way they did during a feeding, and he slid the pad of his thumb down her cheek and to her mouth. It felt like little bugs crawling all over her flesh. "A little appetizer before the main course perhaps...?"

Teagan was referring to the insane fact that her father had promised Eden to Teagan when she turned eighteen. Never mind the fact that they were first cousins or that it was you know... the twenty first frickin' century! She had no say in the matter apparently.

Well, she had some say...

Eden bit down on his thumb, piercing through flesh. She tasted the coppery bitterness of his blood as he cried out and pulled back. "Over my dead body," she hissed, wiping at her mouth.

There was no surprise when Teagan reached for her, viciously tearing the collar of her shirt as he tried to haul her towards him. The surprise came when Eden exploded in impotent rage. She kicked up between his legs, inciting a loud bellow of pain from him, and then she shoved him with all her might. Teagan shouldn't have budged, let alone careen across her huge bedroom and collide with the wall with enough impact to crack the plasterwork.

Her mouth fell open in astonishment as Teagan's wide eyes met hers from his spot, slumped on the floor. Teagan was all the way one of the Blessed. He fed on souls a lot... he killed and took entire souls into him. Like Ryan, his strength was unparalleled among their kind. So how could Eden, who had never tasted a soul in her life, propel him across the room like that?

"What the..."

"Eden!"

She whirled around as Stellan came rushing into the room, Ryan and Celine at his back. Her brother took one look at her torn collar and flew at Teagan. He got in a few brutal punches before Ryan hauled him off. Stellan staggered back, his knuckles slick with Teagan's blood. Her cousin got to his feet unsteadily, his broken nose already snapping back into place. He wiped at the blood on his face and glared at Stellan.

"What the hell happened?" Stellan strode over to her, taking a hold of her chin gently and tilting her face up to examine it. His concern washed over her in comforting waves, and she fought the urge to hug him right there and then. At six-four, with the build of a linebacker, Stellan was intimidating. But then he'd smile that goofy smile of his and all your fears just melted away. He was able to feed no problem. People instinctively trusted him. And if you were anyone but a human, you could trust him.

"Teagan just doesn't understand the word no, that's all." Eden shrugged, trying to not make it into a big deal when it was.

"Son of-"

"You," Ryan interrupted Stellan, his eyes boring into his nephew. "I told you to keep your distance until her eighteenth birthday."

"I was just-"

"Shut up," Ryan snapped, his handsome face contorting into the face of a monster as he gripped his nephew's shirt to pull him towards him menacingly. "You touch her again before it's time and I'll castrate you myself."

Teagan gulped and nodded, his olive skin paling. They all knew Ryan wasn't kidding.

"Well," Celine's clear-glass voice cut through the room. Eden glared in distaste at her mother as she narrowed her eyes on Ryan and Teagan. "I told you this is what comes with spoiling the little shit." Celine wasn't exactly a fan of Teagan either.

Eden barely listened as Celine and Ryan argued back and forth for a moment. She leaned against Stellan, feeling absolutely drained. To the outside, they probably looked like a handsome, wealthy family just having a regular old dispute. But no. Her parents weren't arguing over Teagan's wilfulness. They were arguing over the fact that Teagan wasn't as careful as Ryan when he kidnapped, tortured, raped and killed young men and women. Ryan was a wealthy businessman, with a lot of contacts, and a powerful ability to compel people to believe anything. The disappearances never trailed back to him. But Teagan was getting lazy.

"I've told you to do something about it! He never listens to anybody!" Celine screamed, her face growing red with her anger, her pale blonde hair shining like a halo around her face. Eden felt Stellan squeeze her arm and she looked up at him gratefully. She seriously didn't think she could make it without him. Or Noah now for that matter. Her brother grinned at her and she noticed his own pale blonde hair was brushed for once. He was wearing a nice shirt and pants too.

"Got a date?" she whispered.

He nodded. "But I can cancel."

"What are you two whispering about?" Ryan snapped, shoving Teagan towards to the exit as he glared at his son and daughter, brushing his burnished gold hair back off his forehead. "Teagan not listening?" he guffawed at his wife. "What about her?!" He pointed at Eden now, his face a cruel mask. "It's time for her goddamn Awakening Ceremony! It's happening with or without your approval, Eden." Now Ryan was walking towards her, aggression bristling in every movement.

Stellan shoved Eden behind him and faced his father. "Look, I'll help Eden. Just give me a little time and I'll have her ready for the Ceremony."

Ryan stopped, his face still twisted with disapproval. "And how are you going to accomplish that?"

"I have an idea. I'll let you know if it works."

Seeming to relax at his son's gall, Ryan nodded, threw one last glare at Eden and then shoved his wife and nephew out of the door.

Eden felt her whole body deflate with the tension. "Thanks Stel," she whispered, dropping onto her bed.

"Sorry I didn't get here sooner," his voice sounded tight with anger. "He didn't... do anything?"

"Nah." She shook her head reassuringly. Then she looked up at him, remembering; confusion drawing her brows together. "Something weird did happen though."

"What?" Stellan frowned.

"I totally threw Teagan across the room. Effortless. You see the wall." She gestured to the cracks and peeling paint.

Stellan laughed and sat down beside her, picking up the discarded panda bear with no name. "Maybe it just means you'll be kick-ass after you've fed and are one of us."

Eden wasn't so convinced. In all the stories, in all the times she'd met other people like them - some already full blown creatures of the Blessed and others still awaiting the awakening - she'd never heard of someone who hadn't even fed on their first soul yet taking down one of the Blessed. Eden groaned and flopped back on her mattress. "I'm not ready, Stellan. I don't care what you promised Ryan and Ceecee."

Stellan snorted. "I told you not to let her hear you call her that."

"Whatever."

"Come on, Paradise." He nudged her, his dopey smile making her grin back up at him. "Do this for me. Just let me try to change your mind, OK? Who knows... if you become one of the Blessed you'll probably be strong enough to kick Teagan's ass and change Ryan's mind about the betrothal."

Eden froze. "You think?"

Stellan's grin widened. "Totally."

She mused over this for a moment. That was tempting. Really tempting.

Stellan nudged her leg. "Well? Will you let me try?"

As his warm grey eyes washed over her face, she thought about how cool and kind her brother was to her. He always had been. And he didn't kill people... he just did what his nature compelled him to. He wasn't a bad guy right? And maybe if she did this, if she did the Awakening Ceremony, all her anxieties and worries and guilt would just... melt away.

"OK."

That night someone opened the iron door, leaving it open a moment too long. The scream that wrenched through the mansion made Eden stiffen in her bed. She heard the horrified plea just as the iron door slammed shut, a frightening hush descending over the house. Try as she might, Eden couldn't get the picture of the red-headed woman out of her head.

Worse. She wasn't a little girl anymore. She had the power to do something. To help whatever poor soul was trapped down there at the mercy of Ryan and Teagan's perversions.

But she was so scared.

Burrowing deeper into her duvet, Eden began to cry softly into her pillow to muffle the sound.

No matter what she promised Stellan, she didn't know if she could do it.

I can't do it.

Chapter Four

BFF

Eden shrugged off the prickling sensation on the back of her neck that told her she was being followed by one of her dad's goons. She picked up her pace, letting her long hair fall in a dark curtain around her face. Not that that would do anything. Bozo behind her would just pick up his pace and... well... her hair was what pretty much gave her away since she was the only one in the family with hair as black as midnight.

"Hey, Winslow!"

Eden glanced up and smirked at Noah. He stood by one of the bench seats at the lake, ignoring the Saltonians who had decided to take a Saturday morning stroll too. A sense of peace flooded Eden's chest even as the hunger snapped from somewhere deep inside her. She reached him with a wry smile on her face. "S'up dude." She nudged him with her shoulder, and then gave a little jerk of her head. "Just a warning, we have a Code Goon a few yards behind us."

Noah frowned and checked out the goon with barely a flicker of his eyes. She had no idea how he did that. He was so cool and surreptitious. "Clocked him." He nodded grimly and started walking in the opposite direction. Eden dug her hands into her jacket pockets and followed. "I thought you were going to talk to your dad about that?"

Eden sighed. "Ryan and I aren't exactly on speaking terms these days."

They were silent a while as they walked the path along the lake. Subconsciously they moved closer together when they recognized a few seniors from school. The group just stared at them with disgust, their eyes washing over Eden and Noah dressed in black, while they popped in their yellows and pinks and blues. There were no comments made, however. None ever were when Noah was actually in the vicinity. While Eden found Noah's company soothing, others were a little wary of him. He had this dangerous teen vibe thing going. Eden had told him on more than one occasion that he should trade in his car for a motorcycle.

They passed the group and Eden remained silent. She felt Noah glance sharply at her. "Are you OK? You've been quiet all week."

Eden sighed again. She and Noah didn't really talk about their parents. Noah's mom and dad were academics and socially inept, so Noah had never invited her over to his house because his parents wouldn't like it. And Eden had never invited Noah over to her house because she didn't want him to die. But sometimes all she ever wanted to do was tell him the truth... maybe just to have someone to talk to. And maybe just to see how far she could push their friendship; to test him. In the end, Eden would never tell him because Noah knowing the truth was dangerous, and she would never do anything to put him in jeopardy. Ryan would hurt him. She knew deep in her bones that if he got the chance, Ryan would do what he had to, to cut her off from all human emotion. He was aware of Noah. The fact that he allowed her to hang out with him told Eden he was hoping Noah was going to be the one to push Eden to her limits. Bastard. He was so twisted. No wonder she was messed up. "If I ask you a question, will you promise not to judge?"

She saw the concern flicker in Noah's eyes but he nodded quietly.

"Do you think... do you think it's possible to hate your parents?"

He smirked. "Of course."

"No, Noah." Eden shook her head, swallowing back the bitter rage. "I mean... really hate them."

She felt his eyes on her face, studying her intently and she flushed. Finally he sighed heavily. "I don't know what to tell you. I guess, I don't know."

"But what about you? How do you feel about your parents?"

"Eden, look-"

"I know we have this unwritten rule that our parents are off limits but I'm not asking for anything, Noah, I just want to know... if you love them?" This time she looked him directly in the eye. For a moment he didn't say anything and she got lost in the clearness of his gaze. The color had always amazed her, not blue, or purple, but pale violet. But it wasn't just the color. There was so much going on behind them and yet there was no deceit there. No hate. No sociopathic blankness. And now, pushing out into the fore was sadness. Sadness for her.

"I don't talk about my parents much because there isn't a lot to say. However, I also don't talk about them much because I know you don't have a great relationship with yours, and my mom and dad and I are really good friends. I love them, Eden. I'd die for them."

For some reason his confession made her want to cry. Her throat began to close and she blinked rapidly to stop the tears.

"Hey dude," he teased, nudging her gently. "I don't judge you for hating your parents right now. I know they're pissing you off."

Frustration gnawed at her and she wanted to scream at him that he didn't know anything. She wanted to tell him the truth about who they were, what they wanted of her, what her father intended for her. She laughed humorlessly, bitterness ringing in the sound. Noah flinched a little, concern tightening his jaw. "You have no idea, Noah. No idea."

"Then tell me."

She shook her head. "It's too sick. And too tragic."

Noah drew to an abrupt halt. "Eden, you're really starting to scare me." He towered over her, his eyes narrowed with anger. Her heart triple beat and a wave of nausea made her stumble back a little. Oh crap. She'd said too much. Her mind whirred as she tried to come up with something, even a little piece of the truth. "It's nothing, I'm probably overreacting. You know what a freak I am."

"If it's nothing just tell me."

She glanced around, catching sight of the goon from the corner of her eye off in the distance. Teagan had teased her about the bodyguards last night. She'd finally had to escape to her room, leaving in the middle of the Xbox game she'd been playing with Stellan. She'd heard Stellan yelling at Teagan in admonishment the entire way up to her room. "M-my cousin," she finally breathed, turning to look back up at Noah, who seemed braced to take on the world for her. She felt warmed by his protectiveness even though she could beat his ass from here until Timbuktu. "It's totally sick, but my mom and dad are pushing Teagan on me."

Noah grimaced, genuine disgust darkening his eyes. "Your cousin? Your first cousin? That's not even legal."

Eden shrugged, ignoring the moths of revulsion that erupted in her belly just at the thought of Teagan. She started walking again and Noah followed. "Yeah, well my dad is really, really old-fashioned and he loves Teagan, and he has a lot of money to make certain legalities go away."

"Eden, this is twisted."

She ignored the spark of panic that flared in her chest as she said, "Have you finally reached your freak quota? Is this the friendship over?"

"Of course not," he growled, seeming insulted. "But you gotta admit this is weird - beyond weird. Damn, I just wish I could do something..." Suddenly he paled and grasped a hold of Eden's shoulder, pulling her to a stop with a surprising amount of strength. Eden frowned down at the hand that had halted her so effortlessly. "Teagan hasn't done anything, right? That's not why you've been so quiet all week, because I swear to God, Eden, I will rip him apart if he so-"

Eden laughed, happily this time, and braced her hands against his chest to stop him. He seemed surprised by the gesture and she felt his heart pick up speed under her palm. Their eyes locked for a moment, and Noah's fingers brushed her wrist, sending a flurry of goosebumps rising up all over her skin. Eden pulled back and grinned at him, trying to ease the sudden tension and afraid the hunger would decide to make an appearance. "Nothing happened. I can take care of myself. I just... my parents are really trying to drive me up the wall, what with this debut party and now Teagan..." Noah was still looking at her like he'd never seen her before and she raised an eyebrow at him. "Dude, are you even listening?"

He let go of his breath and grinned. "I told you not to call me dude."

"Hey, we've been over this. You were given options and you chose dude."

"My options were dude and dick. That's not a choice. That's sadism."

"What is so wrong with dude?"

"Well every time you say it my IQ drops ten points."

"Wow, and you only started out with ten in the first place. We must be way into the negatives."

"I'd be a vegetable if that were the case."

Eden made a face. "You said it, not me."

Noah raised his eyebrows. "Keep up the insults and you're going in the lake, Winslow."

She snorted. "I'd like to see you try."

"Oh you would, would you?" He reached for her, grabbing her around the waist. Eden started shrieking.

"You wouldn't dare, Valois!" she yelled, trying to pull out of his embrace as he dragged her down the grassy slope towards the lake. Jeez, he was strong for a human. She elbowed him in the gut but it didn't even slow him down.

"Either stop calling me dude or you and the lake are going to get pretty friendly."

"No way!" she half-laughed, half-yelled, tucking her foot around his ankle. They both went down like a ton of bricks, the air whooshing out of Eden's lungs as Noah landed on her. "Get off!" she giggled, pushing at him.

She felt the vibration of his body as he laughed, struggling to untangle them. The weight of him abruptly disappeared and Eden turned to see him towering over her, still choking on laughter. "You put up a good fight, Winslow." He held his hand out to her. "But we better stop. The little old lady on that bench looks ready to call the cops and your goon looks ready to kill me."

Ice immediately tightened around Eden at the thought and she gripped Noah's hand, letting him haul her up off the grass. She was so dazed, worrying about the goon telling her father she was messing around with a human in public, she lost her footing and had to grab on to Noah for balance. His familiar citrusy scent dove inside her and her hunger latched onto it with a fierceness that debilitated her. Her chest squeezed tight with the need and she couldn't breathe, couldn't think, as her eyes landed on his mouth. Her fingernails curled into his forearms as she imagined tilting his head back and opening his mouth. All she'd have to do was breathe him in, reach deep inside him and take a little bit of pure, beautiful soul. Yes. Yes. She could do that. Her hunger needed it. She needed it. Do it, Eden, do it.

"Eden."

She licked her lips, reaching her hands up to his face.

"Eden!" Noah shook her hard. Blinking fast, Eden looked up and saw his startled gaze.

Oh my God! Fear made her wrench back from him like he was poisonous. I almost... I almost...

"Eden?"

She felt sick. "I-I..."

"Eden, are you OK?" he asked quietly, his eyes serious. Hard.

Eden narrowed her own eyes now as he kept his distance. Had he sensed something?

You were staring at his mouth, Eden.

Right. Relief washed over her. Maybe he just thought I was making a move on him. Better that than the awful truth.

What... that you almost sucked his soul out in public?

"I gotta go, Noah." She stumbled back.

"I thought we were going to get some coffee?" He nodded his thumb over his shoulder in the direction of town.

"Yeah, I can't, I remembered something I have to do." That would be not killing you.

Thank the gods, Noah sighed as he rounded the corner onto his street. It had taken him forever to get rid of the tail Ryan Winslow had put on him. Another one of the goons that followed Eden around. That was the sixth time one of them had followed Noah. Ryan was growing suspicious of his daughter's friend. That wasn't good. Neither was Eden's increasing hunger. Clearly, it was getting worse. He shuddered, thinking about the look in her eye at the lake. It wasn't the first time a soul eater had tried to take his soul. It was the first time one he liked and maybe even trusted had tried to. God, he never thought he'd hear himself think that sentence. He thought of the look of horror on Eden's face when she realized what she had almost done. Noah exhaled, brushing his hair back off his forehead. He was worried. Cyrus had been right about Eden all along. There was part of Merrit inside her. She was a good kid but her soul eater nature was determined to destroy that part of her, as was her family. Not to mention that sleazy cousin of hers. Noah's fists clenched just thinking about it.

His head was throbbing as he ascended the metal stairs up to his apartment. Perhaps there was still time. No, there is still time, dammit. He shook his head, fumbling for his keys. He'd never expected that he would need to save Eden as much as he did. But he had to.

Noah blinked as he opened the door, light filtering in behind him to illuminate the girl on his bed. He frowned, taken aback to see her there. Quickly, he stepped inside and locked the door.

"Hey, Noah." She stood up, tall and lithe and completely mortal. She wound her arms around his neck, her long blonde hair brushing his arms as they encircled her waist.

"Romany." He managed a smile just before she kissed him, long, slow and deep. When she finally allowed him up for air, he squeezed her a little closer. "What are you doing here?"

"Can't a girl visit her boyfriend every now and then?"

Noah pulled back, throwing her a look as he dumped his keys on the sideboard and headed for the mini fridge for a Coke. "Not when he's on assignment."

Romany pouted at him, her hands sliding onto her hips. She wore a sleeveless tank with tight fitting jeans. Comfortable clothes that outlined her toned and strong physique. Under those jeans would be a dagger or two. Just in case. "It's been a while, Noah. I wanted to see you. I've missed you."

He smiled at her but didn't say it back. Romany was a Warrior of Neith and one of many mortal warrior girls Noah had fooled around with over the years. Sure, he and Romany had been together a few years, since she was eighteen years old in fact, but he'd never bored of the relationship because she wasn't clingy. Or so he'd thought.

She seemed to read his mind and snorted. "Oh get your head out of your ass, Noah. I'm here because Cyrus sent me to warn you."

Instantly his body hardened and he froze with the can inches from his mouth. His eyes said, 'well?'

Suddenly Romany grew serious and cool. "Word is out on you and Cyrus' little half-blood. Despite our best efforts, there's a faction out there who believe she's an abomination."

Noah's heart began to pound. Abomination was never a good word to throw around. "They're coming for her?"

Romany nodded. "They don't know where she is yet... but you better watch your back, Noah. I happen to like it."

Chapter Five

The Monster Within

"What are you doing, Stellan?" Eden asked quietly, her eyes flitting between him and the pretty girl on his bed.

After she'd fled from Noah, Eden had wandered around for a while, trying to gain control over herself, trying not to cry in public. She couldn't believe she'd almost hurt Noah. Noah. She'd taken her frustrations out on a guy who'd pulled out on her as she was trying to leave the parking lot. Her horn nearly broke under extreme use and the poor guy was bright red with embarrassment from the blasting she gave him. She told herself she didn't feel guilty for being a bitch.

She thought about driving around for a while, despite the check engine light, and then she'd gotten a text message from Noah.

Things will work out. Promise. N.

Eden had just been about to smile in relief when her phone buzzed again.

Haul ur ass back to the house, Paradise. It's show and tell time.

At Stellan's text, her stomach had roiled with nerves, but she knew she wouldn't ignore him. When she'd gotten home, Celine had been on her way out for one of her own 'dates' and had told Eden to stand by for Stellan who had something important to share with her.

"I think it's a good idea, so would Ryan. While I'm out, listen to your brother." The elegant blonde had nodded briskly at her as she passed, reeking of Chanel and evil. Eden watched the door close softly behind her, smirking. That could almost have passed for a normal conversation. I'm going out for a while, darling. Be a good girl and listen to your big brother while I'm gone.

The young girl on Stellan's bed, probably a college freshman by the worshipping eyes she cast Stellan's way, looked up in confusion at Eden standing in the doorway to his bedroom.

"Good, you're here." Stellan grinned up at her and then patted the freshman girl's hand. "This is Lana."

Lana frowned at him. "Why is your little sister here?"

Yeah, Stellan, why is your little sister here?

Eden had a feeling she already knew the answer to that. Great, it was like he had a sixth sense or something, cornering her when she was at her weakest.

In reply, Stellan gripped Lana's chin lightly and held her gaze. Her body slackened immediately, entranced by him. "Eden's going to hang out with us for a while, and you're not going to talk."

"Eden's going to hang out with us for a while, and I'm not going to talk," Lana repeated.

The sight of the girl completely defenseless made Eden slightly uncomfortable. This was the side of her brother she liked to pretend did not exist. "Stellan," she said hesitantly, trembling against the doorframe as the hunger grinned from within.

He clucked at her wary tone and stood up from the bed. "Eden." He gave her a patient smile. "You promised you'd let me try and convince you."

She nodded numbly, glancing at the girl again, who sat frozen. She almost didn't look real. Weirdly it made Eden feel a little better.

"I'm not asking you to feed." Stellan shook his head reassuringly, and a little of her unease dissipated. "You know I can't. But watching might change your mind... plus, you should know what to do for your Awakening Ceremony. I promise you'll want this, Paradise. When I'm done, you'll need this." He sounded so reasonable. So loving.

She shivered, eyes locked on Lana who gazed up at Stellan like he was the second coming. Eden's hunger scratched at her, like a dog at the door begging to be let in.

Stellan followed her gaze and smiled. "Watch and learn." Slowly, he lowered himself back to the bed. "Come closer, Eden." He threw out at her without taking his eyes off Lana.

The sickening, cowardly urge to turn and run back to her room fought with the need to please Stellan. To please the hunger. Shuffling forward, Eden obeyed them both.

Smiling softly, Stellan leaned forward to press what, in any other circumstances, would have been an incredibly romantic kiss on Lana's lips. The girl sighed into him and reached up to clasp his head to kiss him harder. Eden felt her cheeks heat and lowered her gaze. A husky chuckle rumbled up from the back of Stellan's throat. "Easy, Lana." He pulled back. "Eden."

Her gaze flew back up to meet his eyes. "I'm still here."

"Keep watching," he insisted. "You grab their head," he instructed, clasping Lana's head between his two hands. The girl buckled into him. "Now when I'm done, Eden, I'm going to have to compel her. To compel someone, you merely lock your eyes on theirs and command them. Easy as-"

"I know how to compel someone," Eden interrupted.

He grinned at her in surprise. "Oh really?"

"French teacher," she mumbled.

His eyebrow quirked and he threw her a dopey, knowing smile.

Eden shrugged. "OK, math teacher too."

Laughing, Stellan nodded. "So you know how to compel. Good." He turned back to the freshman. "Lana," Stellan whispered like a lover. Eden felt a frisson of excitement rush through her as he tipped her chin and leaned over, his lips inches above the girl's. At the hitch in his breath his grip tightened and his grey eyes bled of their color to a terrifying white. Only the disturbing black of his pupil remained. The temperature in the room dropped as Eden's heartbeat increased; need, thrill and revulsion pulsing through her veins like cowardly confused worms. Her brother's face grew taut, hardening over like marble, and as he began to suck Eden thought she would die with shame. Lana's eyes flashed wide in terror and pain, her mouth falling open in silent screams as pieces of her soul were drawn out of her and into Stellan in tendrils of a blue smoke-like property. Veins popped up all over Lana's face, her skin as transparent as tracing paper.

Slowly the grey returned to Stellan's eyes and his skin began to soften to normal. Abruptly he stopped, throwing Lana away from him, and the girl lay back on the bed, eyes still slammed open, mouth still shrieking no sound as her skin gradually returned to normal. It was a horrifying sight. Eden began to fight the hunger, the lust for the soul feeding trumped by her disgust now that it was over and this girl...

"Stop her," Eden demanded hoarsely, reaching forward and then drawing back. Stellan heaved again, his hands trembling as he tried to compose himself. "Stop her," she said a little louder, dying to scream. He made no move. "Stop her!" she cried, fighting back tears. Finally processing how upset Eden was, Stellan cursed and leaned over Lana, pulling her to him. As soon as he focused on her eyes, Lana fell limp.

"You're OK, Lana. You didn't feel a thing."

"I'm OK. I didn't feel a thing."

"You're going to get into your car and go home. You were never with me today. You've been at the library, studying for the American Literature final."

"I'm going to get into my car and go home. I was never with you today. I've been at the library, studying for the American Literature final."

Eden stared at her as she stood up, smoothing down her dress as if nothing had happened. She strode towards Eden, and just before she brushed past her, Lana turned her head a little to look up at her blankly. Eden stifled a gasp, her fingers curling into fists. A darkness flickered in the depths of Lana's eyes like a black flame, cruel and useless in light places. As the girl left them, the sound of her heels clacking against the polished stairwell and foyer, followed by the click of the door shutting softly behind her, Eden began to shake, thinking on how confused Lana's family and friends would grow over the coming days when they realized the girl they knew had changed irrevocably.

"Paradise." She felt Stellan's hand on her shoulder and flinched away from him, glaring. His eyes widened in hurt. "Eden, don't. This is what we are."

Demons. Evil. Soul sucking bastards who took a piece of someone from them forever and left a little monster behind in them. They were cowards. Eden shook, a hot anger flushing across her skin. She was a coward. A coward who stood by and watched her family do it. Her brother, whom she loved. How could she love someone who could do this?

"I'd die, Eden," Stellan choked hoarsely, as if he'd read her mind. "First, I'd go insane, and then I'd die. Would you want that?"

She raised her head slowly and their eyes locked. His shone with tears and love... for her. Like always. How many times had he hugged her close when Ryan had been especially cruel? How many times had he blown off something with his friends just so she wouldn't be alone on a Saturday night? How many times had he told her he loved her, and protected her from Teagan, from their parents finding out the truth about her? She was the one that wasn't normal here, not Stellan. And still he loved her.

When he put his arms around her, she fell into them, the fear and guilt over what had just happened churned in her chest like too much oxygen.

"I love you, Paradise." He kissed her head affectionately. "And I won't let you starve," his voice had turned to steel. "I know you wanted it. I felt your need. Your hunger. You can't deny that."

Eden stared blankly over his shoulder at the doorway where Lana had walked out a different, worse kind of person than she had been when she'd walked through it. A wave of nausea washed over her as she tightened her hold on her brother. "No. I can't deny that."

Chapter Six

On the Edge

It would have been awkward anyway, talking to Noah after what occurred between them at the lake. But then Stellan had knocked her off her feet with her own need, her own hunger. Somehow, that felt like a betrayal of Noah. Like if he ever saw that in her he would never talk to her again. He'd hate her. Noah was the best person she knew. Obviously, since everyone else was one of the Blessed. So it made perfect sense that after watching Stellan steal the most precious thing he could from Lana and having wanted to do the same thing to her, that Eden would avoid Noah. She was afraid he would be able to read what she'd wanted, even though it wasn't possible because he didn't know what she was, or that creatures like her even existed. OK. So rationality wasn't high in her list of priorities these days. Still, she'd ignored his texts over the weekend and had somehow managed to avoid him all day Monday (and nearly gotten a black eye for her trouble when she ducked behind an open locker to hide from him, and the corner edge of it missed her eye by a millimeter). Eden's nerves felt frayed at the edges.

Tuesday. She'd gotten through a whole day again without bumping into Noah. She'd eaten lunch in her car and she had shot out of her classes like a bullet when the bell rang. Now it was French, last class of the day. She eyed the doorway and then the clock. One more minute and she was out of there. French class was pretty close to the entrance. She'd get out before Noah showed up.

The minute hand on the clock took forever.

By the time the bell rang Eden had already slipped her books into her bag. She blew past the kids in the front row, not stopping, even when she toppled one of their books off the desk. It was rude. But this was an emergency. Eden dared to sigh with relief as she shot out of the main entrance.

All that hurrying was in vain.

Noah was lounging against the driver side door of Eden's Dodge Avenger. Yeah, she didn't get to choose her car... that would be Celine. If it was up to Eden she'd be driving a 1969 black Chevy Impala as driven by the sexy Dean and Sam in the TV show Supernatural. All of which was beside the point when Noah had her cornered.

He raised his eyebrows at her as she approached slowly, his arms crossed over his chest. He looked relaxed but Eden saw something dark flicker in his eyes.

"Hey," she mumbled, jingling her keys pointedly.

Noah didn't take the hint.

"What's up?" She sighed, trying to edge him away from the car.

He shrugged. "I don't know. You tell me. You're the one treating me like a leper."

Panic tightened Eden's chest. She didn't want to push Noah away; she just needed a few days to get it together, to be able to look him in the eye again. She smirked at him deliberately. "Dude. Come on. I've just been dealing with some family stuff. It's nothing."

She must have sounded reassuring enough because Noah's eyes lightened a little and he stood up away from the car. "OK. Good. Great. Um..." He looked around, suddenly appearing a little self-conscious. "You want to grab a coffee with me?"

Damn, Eden winced. Quickly she unlocked her car door and threw in her bag, not meeting Noah's probing gaze. "Uh you know I can't tonight. Family thing. Another night, OK?"

She didn't even give him time to reply before she slammed the door and pulled out of her parking spot. She left tire marks at the school gate.

By Wednesday afternoon Eden's nerves had gone from frayed to frazzled. Earlier that day she'd seen Noah heading down the hall towards her and had freaked out - she'd turned on her heel and bolted in the opposite direction. How was she supposed to explain that next time they talked?

She was in history when she got the text.

OK. You're avoiding me. Just tell me what I did? N.

Eden didn't think it was possible to feel any worse. Suffice to say she was in an awful mood, radiating 'don't talk to me or I'll eat you' vibes even in class. The teachers were smart enough to ignore her and most of the students were too.

Avoiding Noah at lunch, Eden had opted for the library this time. By now her skin was flush with angry heat, and her patience? Non-existent. She did the unthinkable and headed towards the classics aisle, hoping a little Jane Austen would civilize her.

Mr. Darcy was just in the middle of insulting Elizabeth (tolerable indeed!) when Eden heard the human snarl. Someone cried out, as if in pain. Frowning, Eden laid down the book and walked quietly to the end of the aisle. She peered around the corner into the dark cove of bookshelves at the back of the library, the one that every library seemed to have. Her heart started to race a little at the scene in front of her. Lucy Stevens, hot senior and head cheerleader, had a grip of a sophomore's shirt, holding her up so tight the girl's feet nearly dangled off the floor. Eden had seen the sophomore around before. She was this petite, gorgeous red-head with big sad green eyes. Eden couldn't be sure but she thought the girl was maybe the youngest on the cheerleading squad. Right now her young, pretty face was screwed up in horror, rivulets of mascara staining her cheeks.

"This is me being merciful, Amber," Lucy hissed into her face. "This is your last warning."

"B-but I didn't d-d-do anything," Amber cried.

Eden winced at the crack of Lucy's hand against Amber's cheek and the muffled sob from the victim. "You calling my boyfriend a liar, Amber?"

Amber shook her head, holding her right cheekbone.

"I didn't think so. He's mine, you little slut, you come onto him again and I'll make your life here a living hell. Wouldn't want everyone finding out that secret you told me right? How step-daddy likes to touch you inappropriately?"

Amber's eyes flared with terror and she broke into hysterical sobs, her head shaking frantically.

Lucy patted her cheek patronizingly. "Good girl."

Sliding back out of sight, Eden struggled to draw breath, the scene playing over and over again in her head. She'd seen bullying going on at South Salton her entire time there; she'd even been a victim of that bullying, and probably the bully herself sometimes when she was in a bad mood. But what she had witnessed was worse than her and Maria Roth. It had been sadistic and vicious, and born of petty jealousy. Eden knew Lucy's boyfriend. Doug Brown. A senior. A jock. A sleaze bag. Although he'd rather die than admit it, he'd even come on to Eden once when she and Noah had stupidly crashed his birthday party. Eden could read between the lines. Doug had hit on Amber. Amber had turned him down. Doug had told Lucy that Amber was flirting with him. Lucy, who was apparently a psychotic bitch, had now found a new toy to play with; a toy that was clearly already broken by an abusive home life.

Eden knew what that was like.

The thought sent this crazy red haze sparkling across Eden's eyes; her chest tight, her hunger howling at her as if she were insane to pass this up.

Yeah. Today she felt insane. And no Jane Austen was going to help.

She knew she was acting like a stalker.

Uh correction, like a serial killer.

But Eden couldn't get Lucy and Amber out of her mind.

So there she was, standing outside Lucy's class instead of sitting in her own. Watching and waiting... for what, she wasn't quite sure.

When the classroom door opened and Lucy ducked out with a bathroom pass in her hand, Eden's eyes widened.

See, her hunger whispered, it's like the universe wants you to do it.

Stealthily, she followed Lucy along the hall, keeping a distance, watching her disappear into the girls' bathroom. She waited a beat and then swung open the door, shutting it quietly behind her. Eden ducked her head under the four stalls. They were alone.

She strode back to the door and turned the lock.

"Who the hell is there?" Lucy snapped from inside her stall.

Eden dropped her backpack, leaning against the sinks casually although her heart pounded so hard she swore her shirt was vibrating. "Why don't you come out and see?"

She may be nervous about her own intentions but Eden wasn't afraid of Lucy Stevens.

She wouldn't have been even if she wasn't one of the Blessed.

"What the f**k is this?" Lucy huffed. Eden's smile was one of twisted mockery at the sound of clothes rustling and Lucy's harried breath. She couldn't have planned on catching the girl in a more undignified situation. The toilet flushed and the stall door banged open to reveal a pissed off Lucy Stevens in her cheerleading outfit. She grimaced. "You?" She rolled her eyes as if Eden were inconsequential, and glided over to the sinks to wash her hands.

"Me." Eden grinned at her and enjoyed the way Lucy flinched at the expression, like she could see there was something not quite right about her.

"What do you want, freak?"

Eden shrugged, crossing her arms over her chest. "I heard an interesting conversation today. No, sorry." She shook her head. "Attack. An interesting attack."

Lucy heaved a sigh and grabbed at paper towels. "Whatever, freak." She made to leave and Eden stuck her leg out to block her path. The cheerleader narrowed her eyes on her. "You better move that skank."

"Or what?" Eden taunted.

Lucy took two leggy steps towards her. She fluffed her golden hair over her shoulder and bit a couple of French manicured fingernails into Eden's shoulder. "Or I'll make your life a living hell, you goth bitch."

"You're kind of an ignoramus, you know that."

"You're making a mistake, Winslow," Lucy promised with a cruel smirk on her pouty lips.

The hand that had been dangling innocently by Eden's side shot out faster than a human could compute and wrapped itself around Lucy's throat, shoving her back into one of the stalls. The senior tripped, collapsing over a toilet seat as she clawed at Eden's hand, her face growing red before turning horribly purple.

"Sorry, princess, my life already is a living hell." Eden squeezed tighter, getting a sick enjoyment out of terrifying this girl. "I saw you torturing Amber today, Luce. Not cool," she whispered, breathing in the scent of Lucy's soul, tainted as it may be. This was a girl who wouldn't miss it... or if Eden went too far, wouldn't be missed at all. "You make me sick, you know. You sadistic bitch." She jerked Lucy's head back and her eyes rolled. For a moment Eden frowned as she drew blood with her fingernails on Eden's hand in an attempt to fight back. Releasing her hold on Lucy's throat, she barely gave time for the girl to draw breath before she was holding her head in her hands and pushing her will onto her. Lucy stopped struggling, her lips parting.

The hunger licked its lips.

Abruptly Eden froze, her muscles aching, her whole being screaming for satisfaction. Even her heart seemed to have stopped. The only thing that hadn't was her building nausea.

What are you waiting for? She deserves it.

She shifted her stance, trying to make herself more comfortable. She tilted Lucy's head to angle it just right, almost like an awkward teenager going in for her first kiss.

Her legs began to tremble.

No. Don't stop. Think about Amber. You'll be helping her.

The bathroom door handle rattled. Eden's head jerked up, breaking her gaze with Lucy's.

"Hey! Why's the door locked?!" A belligerent student yelled, banging on the door. "Open up or I'm telling somebody!"

Lucy gasped for air, coming back to herself, her hands clawing into Eden's wrist. "You freak!" she hissed.

Panic suffused Eden as sense slowly began to return. What have I done? Eden swallowed the bile that rose in her throat, her hands gripping Lucy's head tighter.

Lucy would report Eden. Oh God.

Her pale eyes secured their hold on Lucy's chocolate brown ones. The girl grew limp again. "Lucy, this never happened."

"This never happened," she replied blankly.

"I was never here."

"You were never here."

"Open it!" The student screeched.

Eden gulped but refused to break eye contact. Amber's broken eyes flashed before her.

"You're not going to torture, hurt and gossip about Amber anymore."

"I'm not going to torture, hurt and gossip about Amber anymore."

"You're going to protect her. Even from Doug."

"I'm going to protect her. Even from Doug."

Feeling drained Eden got to her feet, drawing Lucy up carefully. The girl didn't even look at her. She walked out of the stall and headed towards the door. Eden shut the stall door and locked it, listening to the impatient student outside gulp back her berating when she discovered it was Lucy Stevens.

She waited as the student peed and then washed her hands, slamming out of the bathroom.

Then reality sunk in.

She had set out to take a soul.

I set out to kill.

She was just so angry. So angry at everything and everyone.

"Crap." Eden began to hyperventilate, covering her mouth with her hand as her body began to sob involuntarily. She wheezed, trying to draw breath.

I almost killed her. I almost killed her.

"I have to..." she blinked past the blur of tears in her eyes and numbly reached for her backpack. She had to get out of there.

"Eden, what on earth are you doing home?" Celine came out of one of the sitting rooms just as Eden's foot hit the first step on the staircase.

She didn't even spare her a glance. "Like you give a shit."

Ignoring her mother's outraged yelling, Eden flew up the stairs to her bedroom. In three steps, she slammed her door, turned her iDock on full blast and flopped onto her bed. Contemplating the ceiling didn't help her work through how out of control she had just gotten. She'd almost killed a student. That was taking anger management issues to a new level. Afraid of herself, Eden sucked back tears.

Not much time past before her bedroom door blew open and the hurricane itself strolled in. Ryan was an intimidating figure in his three thousand dollar suit. He was just one of those 'men' who reeked of money and elegance. Of power. Of danger. It was that perverted violence simmering under his surface.

"Your mother called me at work." He sat down on the edge of her bed, his hands clasped together between his knees. He didn't look at her. "You want to tell me why I've had to come home from work to deal with my truant daughter?"

Eden snorted. "I'm kind of surprised you bothered your ass."

Ryan's head snapped around at her and Eden flinched back into the bed at the lethal look in his eye. "Don't speak to me that way, young lady. Your mother might put up with that language but I certainly won't. Now what the hell are you doing home from school?"

Without knowing what possessed her to, Eden found herself telling him about Lucy, although she cut out the stuff about Amber and just said the girl was trying to bully her. To her utter surprise, Ryan was smiling when she finished.

"It's only natural."

Eden grimaced. "To nearly kill a girl at school?!"

Her father grinned even more wickedly, the dimple in his cheek flashing just like Eden's did when she was in a good mood. "No. To lose control, to feel irrational anger. You're ready for the Awakening Ceremony, Eden. Your body knows that, it's trying to tell you that, and you have to do something before you lose control over it."

Maybe that's why she'd told him. Because she needed someone to confirm what she really didn't want to know. "OK," she whispered.

His face brightened. "Really. You're agreeing to it?"

"I don't want to kill anyone."

"Well you're going to have to kill someone, Eden," his voice hardened.

She shivered, knowing he spoke the truth. "I know. I mean I don't want to lose control."

He nodded. "For once you sound like my daughter."

Eden threw him a disgusted look and he laughed. "You can hate me all you want. I never asked for your love. I do ask for you loyalty, however, and doing this Awakening Ceremony will prove that to me." He heaved a sigh and pinned her to the bed with a demanding look. "I also ask discretion from you. What happened today cannot happen again."

"I compelled her to forget."

"Yes. But someone could have happened upon you attacking that girl. And there are people... who would realize what you are."

Eden frowned, pulling herself up into a sitting position. "What do you mean?"

Ryan nodded, as if he were coming to a decision. "I never told you before because there was no need, but there are a group of people, humans, who hunt our kind."

Suddenly her heart was begging to jump out of her chest. "What? Wh... how...?"

"These humans call themselves the Warriors of Neith. Their sole duty in life is to kill off the Blessed. They call us soul eaters," he spat out the phrase. "Filthy. They have no understanding of us, no respect. They think themselves superior to us and they stop at nothing in their mission to wipe us out."

Eden couldn't believe what she was hearing. How was it even possible she had gone seventeen years not knowing there were warriors out there who would kill her in a second? "Does Stellan know? Should I take this seriously? Can they hurt us?"

"Yes. Yes. And yes." Ryan nodded, his expression severe. "I'm telling you about these men and women now because if we are not circumspect, they will find us, and they will hunt us, and they are strong enough to do damage."

Realization suddenly dawned. "The goons? The bodyguards... you sent them after me because of these Neith guys, right?"

Ryan nodded and stood up. "You need to be aware of them, Eden. I hope now that you are, you will be more careful."

She jerked her head in a vague affirmative, numb from the shock of discovering that there were people out there who thought the Blessed so evil they actually killed them for a living. "Wait..." She glanced up at Ryan, a flare of panic in her chest. "Warriors of Neith? As in the goddess?"

His jaw clenched tightly. "Yes."

"As in... created by her?"

"Yes."

Clutching her stomach to hold down the nausea, Eden looked away from Ryan. God, they were so evil a goddess had created a race of humans to take them out. Awesome.

"Eden?"

"What?"

"I'm glad you've agreed to the Ceremony. Trust me... when it's over... this... whatever this bizarre human thing you're going through is... it will disappear forever. All this... unnecessary pain you're feeling... you won't have to deal with it anymore."

She watched as he turned on his heel and left the room. That had almost been an actual conversation. A very sick and twisted conversation, but one nonetheless.

Her phone buzzed.

Where are you? Everything OK? N.

Hot tears brimmed over her eyelids. She'd agreed to the Ceremony. Which meant...

No more Noah.

Chapter Seven

You and Me, Dude

"It has been a few days now," Cyrus sighed down the other end of the phone line.

Noah winced at the reproach in his sigh. "It's not like I'm not trying, Cyrus, but if I push her now, I might not get her back."

"If you do not push her now, we might not get her back."

Noah exhaled heavily. It was Friday tomorrow and still Eden was avoiding him like he was a Bieber fan at a Korn concert. In any other hunt it wouldn't have been a problem. He'd have gone in aggressive and had a hold of his prey in record time. But with Eden he felt he needed to tread carefully. She was going through a traumatic time right now, and pushing her to talk to him when she was so clearly afraid, might ruin their friendship forever.

"You are becoming too involved, Noah," Cyrus softened, his understanding worse than the recrimination.

You're one to talk. "I'm not too involved. I'm just trying to be careful."

"No. You are concerned about losing her trust. Well that is something that will probably occur, so it is best you resolve yourself to that outcome. Right now, I am concerned about losing her. If she has broken away from you, Noah, it can only mean she has decided to go ahead with the Awakening Ceremony. We cannot let that happen. Do what you must to get through to her."

Noah groaned inwardly as he flopped back on his bed. Cyrus was right. He'd effed this one up. Gotten too close. Too attached. "Of course, Princeps. I'll fix this."

"Good. Alain would like to speak with you."

He brightened a little. He hadn't spoken with his parents in a few weeks except for a couple of text messages from his mom.

"Noah," his father's heavily accented voice murmured in his ear and his whole body relaxed.

"Hey, Dad. How are you? How's Mom?"

"Good. Missing you. We did not think this assignment would take so long."

"I know. I had to take my time. Build trust."

The line was quiet for a moment and Noah could hear his father moving, a door closing in the background. Finally Alain sighed, sounding as weary as Noah felt. "Cyrus has been keeping me updated on your progress."

Noah didn't like his tone. That tone had always signaled a lecture. A lecture that somehow managed to make him feel seventeen instead of seventy. "Yeah?"

"I was never keen on this, Noah. I wanted what was best for Cyrus, what would make him happy, but I've never been sure of this creature, this girl-"

Noah flinched at the disdain in Alain's voice and unexpectedly found his hands curling into angry fists.

"-but for Cyrus I would agree to almost anything. He's a good man. But now my son is caught up in this girl's life, acting like a friend, tip-toeing around her feelings. I'm worried you grow too attached to something that you shouldn't."

His cheeks felt flush with anger. 'something'? "Dad, don't you trust me?"

"Of course, but you are still young, Noah. Still easily-"

"No. Think on Valeria. Cyrus was right. He's seen this before. I can back up his claims now, OK. I'm not duped by a clever soul eater. Eden is a messed up, confused kid who deserves a chance to get the hell out of a world she should never have been born to."

His father remained silent for a while. "She's still one of them, Noah."

"Not if I can help it."

Noah heard the familiar sound of his father growling unhappily. "Fine," he snapped.

"Does Mom feel this way too?" Noah squeezed his eyes shut, pressing his fingers into the sockets as if to stem an imaginary headache. Ankh didn't get headaches. But they got pissed off pretty easily.

"No," Alain bit out. "Emma thinks we should trust your instincts but I'm still-"

"Maybe you should listen to Mom."

"Maybe you should remember it is rude to interrupt. I swear every time you go on assignment as a teenager you turn into one."

Noah snorted. "That's kind of the point, Dad."

He grumbled. "Alright. I better go. But be careful, Son."

"Always am."

But as Noah ended the call, he gazed at himself in the mirror, a look of mockery curling his upper lip. How could he guarantee anything to anybody in this situation? Nothing had gone to plan so far. Eden had turned everything upside down. And then there was the added pressure of how important this was to Cyrus.

OK. Cyrus was right. He had to get his game face on.

It was sneaky and underhand but Noah couldn't think of another way. He stood with the door to the janitor's closet open a crack, as his plan unfolded. As he waited, a fake note from the principal's office found its way to Mrs. Sorenson's Business Studies class stating that the Principal wished to speak with Eden Winslow. She'd have to walk this corridor to get to the school office.

He waited another a few minutes.

And then...

There she was.

Noah's heart picked up at the sight of her and he deftly ignored his reaction to her. Her eyebrows were furrowed in a frown of consternation, clearly wondering why the hell she'd been called out of class. He held his breath, waiting for her to come closer, to nearly pass. He studied her for a moment. She was looking a little thinner, easily noticeable on her tall frame and with her hair pulled back tight in a long ponytail. Noah smiled as his eyes wandered downwards. Over a long-sleeved black shirt Eden was wearing the Killers t-shirt he'd shrunk in the wash. Stupid, but the sight of her wearing something he'd given her gave him hope that this would go his way. He couldn't lose her.

Just as she past the door he snapped the door open, shot his hand out, and wrenched her into the closet, closing the door with a quiet click.

"What the hell? Noah, you scared the crap out of me!" Eden hissed, her warm breath tickling his throat. It took a moment but his eyes adjusted to the dark until he could make out the shape of her, trapped inches from him in the tiny closet.

"Sorry, but it seemed to be the only way I could have an actual conversation with you."

She gasped into the dark. "You wrote the note?"

He grinned. "Yup."

He winced as she slapped his arm in retaliation. "Dude, I was freaking out wondering what the hell I had done."

For once Noah was glad to hear her call him 'dude'. "Well if you wouldn't turn tail and run every time you see me I wouldn't have to resort to extreme measures."

"Whatever."

Drawing on his skills of manipulation, Noah pushed anxiety and hurt into his words. "No, no whatever. OK. Eden, come on, what did I do?"

He saw her head drop, her eyes trained on the floor. "You didn't do anything," she replied quietly. "It's me. I'm just... going through a rough time. And Ryan doesn't really want us hanging out anymore."

Noah wasn't sure he believed that or not. He was kind of under the impression Ryan would like Noah to push Eden over the edge with her need, with her hunger for him. Then again if Ryan had grown suspicious of him he would ban Eden from seeing him. Noah didn't like that possibility one iota. If Ryan knew who he was, they'd have to move fast.

He took a moment, his arms crossing over his chest, brushing Eden's skin. A frisson of tingles and heady heat was quickly ignored.

Nah, if Ryan knew there was an Ankh in town he'd have the whole Winslow family on the move.

"I thought you didn't give a crap what your dad thinks?"

She shrugged. "I don't know anymore."

Oh no. Oh no no no no no. Noah shook his head. No way was he losing her. He grabbed a hold of her arms, jerking her closer so her head shot up. In the dim light he could make out those pale eyes staring up into his. "Eden, we're friends. OK. We survive whatever crap is thrown at us here because we have each other. Whatever you're going through, don't shut me out. Life would kind of suck without..." He shrugged, trying to appear like a bumbling embarrassed teenage boy. "Well without you. So... I dunno... if you don't want to hang out, you gotta tell me," he snorted, like he knew he was making an ass of himself.

It worked.

He felt Eden's hand wrap around his wrist, felt the tension in her body. "It's not that. You're my friend, Noah. You and Stellan. You're my only friends."

Noah winced at the mention of Stellan, the other huge complication in this. If he had it his way, Eden would hate all of her family and would happily choose Noah and Cyrus. But the situation was not that straightforward. There was Stellan, Eden's big brother. Eden loved him completely. And from what Eden had told Noah, Stellan adored Eden. That was a problem. That was a huge problem.

He shrugged it off. He could only deal with one thing at a time.

"So, can we start hanging out again, or am I going to have to drum up weird and wonderful ways to make you stop avoiding me?"

Eden took measured breaths like Celine had shown her last night. After nearly taking out Lucy in the library, Ryan had ordered Eden to sit with Celine an hour or two every night to learn some mental and breathing exercises that would help her fight off the hunger until the Awakening Ceremony. Stuck in such close proximity to Noah was torture but the exercises helped a little. As did his charmingly awkward attempt to tell her, her friendship meant a lot to him. Eden had felt this awful pang in her chest at the words, mentally berating herself for being so callous with his feelings. Noah always come off so cool, like nothing could touch him. She'd thought he might be bothered by her avoiding him but that he would eventually get over it. Even though she knew that it would have been so much easier on them all if he had just given up, Eden couldn't help but feel a little psyched that he'd gone to so much effort just to get her to talk to him.

She bit her lip, thinking it over. Her heart fluttered as his scent flooded her insides, making the hunger yawn and bat at it, like a kitten at a mouse. She closed her eyes, pushing his scent back out of her. After a moment the trembling in her hands ceased. Still, she felt the familiar heat of his presence, could make out his expectant wicked smile. God, she missed him. She missed how easy it was to be with him, how sitting in total silence with Noah was the only time she didn't feel alone.

Maybe I can keep seeing him. I just have to be strong for the next few weeks. After the ceremony I'll be able to be around him no problem. And it's not like he knows what I am. It's not like he can condemn me for my nature.

No. She would do enough of that for the both of them.

"OK," she breathed, feeling the sadness drain out of her with the words. "But for now, we can only hang out at school."

Eden saw the outline of his smile. "Sounds good to me."

Chapter Eight

Unquiet Misdeeds

Despite everything, Eden couldn't help but feel relieved over her decision to remain friends with Noah. They'd hung out in the cafeteria again and he'd given her a playlist of all the new bands he'd been listening to. Like old times they joked and kidded around, and Eden felt that weirdness again... other people called it contentment.

It was a good idea to keep it secret for now.

Eden had headed home after class, singing along to the radio and her secret music crush Lady Antebellum. Eden had been OK with hanging out alone in her room but Stellan had cornered her and pulled her back downstairs to play the Wii. Feeling nostalgic, they were playing tennis.

"You really suck at this, Eden," Stellan laughed.

She huffed, shaking her wrist out. "You chose tennis because you know you can beat me. This would be a different story if we were boxing."

"We can switch." He puffed up his chest at the accusation. "I'm willing to prove you wrong. I'm just vastly superior at this game."

Sighing, Eden flopped down on the sofa. "Change it. I forgot how much it blows."

Stellan chuckled and put in a disc. Mario Kart flashed on the screen. A wide grin replaced Eden's scowl. Her brother winked at her and Eden nodded gratefully. She rocked at Mario Kart.

For a while, as she always did when she and Stellan hung out like this, Eden forgot about her troubles. They were just a brother and sister, hanging out, teasing one another, having fun. Their parents hadn't bothered them all evening which was always a bonus. Eden glanced at the clock. She frowned.

"Stel, it's a Friday night. Why aren't you out with your friends?"

He shrugged. "Sometimes it's more fun kicking back here with you."

She glared at him. "Is this a pity hang?"

Stellan grunted, not taking his eyes off the screen. "No. Although I gotta say I am glad you're not hanging out with that Noah kid anymore. Guy was a freak."

Noah was a freak? Eden snorted. They were the ones sucking souls out of people but oh no... Noah was the freak. She shook her head and returned to the game.

"Hey kiddies, what's happening?"

She immediately tensed at the sound of her cousin's voice reaching out to her from the threshold of the room. Stellan had gone all stiff too but he shrugged it off and overtook her on the track. Eden bit her lip, trying to ignore Teagan as he glided into the room with his usual air of cruelty and arrogance.

"How sweet, Stellan, hanging out with little sis."

She shivered. He somehow managed to make everything sound perverted.

"Of course." He drew to a stop between them, and she felt his eyes bore into her. She refused to look at him. "That's not exactly a hardship." His hand slid down her back and Eden jerked away from him before it could slide any further downwards.

Stellan's hand whipped out and he slapped Teagan across the back of the head pretty hard. Teagan winced and glared at his cousin while Eden smirked.

"I told you to back off," Stellan warned.

Teagan held his hands up a surrender gesture. "Hey, I wasn't doing anything. I-"

"NOOO! STOP! NOOO!!" A man's terrified scream rent the air, cutting off Teagan. The blood drained from Eden's face as her eyes automatically sought the exit.

"Oops." Teagan grinned wickedly, sidling back to the doorway. "Did I forget to shut the basement door again?"

They both knew he had done it on purpose. Eden's heart was pounding in her chest as she tried desperately to forget the scream. Stop thinking about it, she demanded inwardly, fighting back a swell of nausea. She looked up at Stellan for comfort... and wished she'd never done so. Her brother was frozen solid, glaring at Teagan. But there was something there. Something sick. Something envious of Teagan. Did Stellan want to be down in the basement? Did he want to inflict pain and shame on someone? He must have felt her staring, his eyes flicking to her. Her expression gave her away, and Stellan cast his gaze down to the floor, color flooding his cheeks.

Teagan began to chuckle at the interplay between them, but before he could mock them Celine came hurrying past the door to the parlor. "Teagan, shut that door right now!" she screeched at him. "I'll be speaking to Ryan about this."

Her cousin licked his lips. "Uncle Ryan might not be up for a while. He had a twin brother and sister brought in from Ohio. Delicious. Blonde." He winked and set off across the foyer towards the basement.

Eden was shaking from head to foot. She felt so much. So much anger, frustration, disgust, shame. Too much. Too much to handle. And Stellan... Eden felt his eyes on her, pleading with her. But she couldn't look at him. She dropped the game controller and walked out of the room, her arms wrapped around herself as if she could somehow contain all her feelings.

Once inside her room, she shut the door quietly and leaned back on it, staring around at the large bedroom with its canopied bed and en-suite bathroom. It looked like a normal teen bedroom. Posters of bands on the wall. Hot guys. Art work by Michael Parkes she found beautiful and twisted and ethereal all at the same time.

But her bedroom wasn't normal.

It existed in a house with a basement where unquiet misdeeds occurred.

And that was putting it politely.

It was a house of horrors. And she was part of it.

Her eyes blurred with tears. Every time she'd thought she'd come to terms with it... a scream would rent the air and kill her determination.

She wondered what it would be like to be normal.

The pocket of her jeans buzzed and Eden wiped at her face as she dug in for her phone.

You were right. Twinkies. I don't get them either. N.

Eden burst out into tearful laughter, thanking whatever fate had uprooted Noah Valois and landed him at South Salton.

Chapter Nine

I Am Ankh

"So, we're just... sitting?" Noah asked her, a teasing smile in his eyes.

Eden smirked back at him, hoping the sadness she felt wasn't written all over her face. School had been better this week, now that she had decided to stop avoiding Noah. She was supposed to be worrying about the SATs coming up in a few weeks, but since she somehow got through the PSATs last October, and considering the Awakening Ceremony was around the same time... she just wasn't in the mood to care. So she was cutting class. And had enlisted Noah in her truancy. They sat together in his car, having managed to sneak out of the school unseen by her dad's goons. Noah was fantastic at this spy crap. She wondered where he got that from.

They were parked down by the lake in a near empty parking lot and the rain was lashing against the windscreen. There was a hush in the air that soothed her and slowed her frantic heartbeat. "We're just sitting."

He nodded slowly and relaxed back into his seat. As if sensing her mood he didn't even turn on the radio.

After a while, she sensed the slightest change in his posture, and knew he was going to say something. Eden felt as if she knew him down to his pinky finger, she felt so close to him. "You know when I was a little kid my dad used to do this." He turned his head on the headrest and smiled softly at her.

"Do what?"

"Come and get me when it was raining. It didn't matter if I was supposed to be with a tutor or with the nanny, he'd stop whatever he was doing, come get me, stuff my feet into rain boots and a mac and take me by the hand and lead me out into the backyard. We'd just stand there, the rain lashing against us, my hand tight in his."

An ache, a wave of pure loneliness shuddered through her. "Why'd he do that?"

Noah shrugged, smiling at the memory. "He said that no matter how old he was getting, the rain always made him feel renewed. It woke him up and reminded him of why he was here. I don't think he knew how to explain it. I don't. But I got it. And even as a little kid he knew I got it, and that it was something for us. Just us. It used to drive my mom mad."

Eden snorted. "She would be worried you'd catch pneumonia."

Noah threw her this secret smile and gave a little half nod, like he wasn't telling her something. "I guess."

The hush wrapped around them again and Eden thought about Noah and his dad, and his mom all worried about him. It was such a small thing. She bet his life with his parents was made up of all these small things.

"Noah?"

"Yeah?"

"Could you hurt someone to survive?"

She felt him tense beside her, the lines of his body taut, and she held her breath wondering at his reaction.

"Noah?"

He wouldn't look at her. "Depends."

"What do you mean it depends?"

"Well that's a loaded question, Eden," he snapped, jerking his head around to glare at her.

Eden felt her face flush with anger, and she bit her nails into her hands to control an unexpected flare of temper. "What's your problem? It was just a question."

"It was a stupid question."

"It's not a stupid question!"

His face twisted and suddenly Eden felt as if he knew what she was asking, knew and despised her for it. She flinched back, feeling ill with panic. "If you're asking me if I think it's OK to protect yourself from someone hurting you by hurting them, then yeah, it's an act of survival, self-defense. But if you're asking me-"

"Asking you what?" she snarled, her eyes narrowed in suspicion. Why did she feel like he knew? Did he know? No he can't.

The color leached from his cheeks as he caught her look. Noah smoothed out his expression and leaned back against the chair. "I know this Teagan thing is bothering you, and I know you're frustrated, but you can't start having morbid thoughts, Eden. That's not you. And you can find a way out of whatever your sick parents have planned without hurting the guy."

Eden's racing heart slowed as realization dawned. He thought she was talking about the Teagan situation. She flopped back against the passenger seat and cast him a wan smile. "How did you know I wasn't just asking a philosophical question?"

Noah smirked. "Because, you never ask questions unless they mean something. So you should know if you ask me something twisted and violent, I'll pretty much know you're talking from intent or experience."

Eden laughed and let the silence fall between them.

But as she thought over Noah's adamant reaction, the hush grew uncomfortable rather than soothing. He had been so vehement, so disgusted by the idea of hurting someone. In fact his reaction had been a little out there but then... Noah was a little out there. That's what she liked about him.

But that look he'd given her. The disdain. The disappointment. She hadn't imagined that.

Who was she kidding? If Noah ever found out the truth about her, she'd be dead to him. And that was the one thing she didn't think she could make it through.

Slanting him a glare from the corner of her eye, Eden tried to concentrate on her breathing exercises. Damn this human who had come into her life and made himself so important to her, had made coming to terms with her inner monster that much more difficult to bear.

"Let's go back." She sighed, not daring to look at him.

He watched as Romany slowly stirred, sliding her hand along the sheets, searching for him. Noah knew she was awake as soon her hand came away empty. She grunted and brushed her hair off her face, her eyes sweeping the room until they found him sitting on the sofa across from the bed. Romany groaned and shuffled up into a sitting position, holding the sheet over her.

"What's wrong?" she murmured, her sleepy eyes adjusting to the light, as dim as it was.

"Couldn't sleep."

"Tell me," she prompted quietly and Noah sighed, relaxing back into the sofa.

He hadn't been happy when she'd turned up at his door again last night. It had been a long week, and Eden and his relationship had grown quickly estranged again. He had been waiting for his moment to tell her the truth, but he'd messed up that day in the car and now he couldn't get her alone at school and she refused to meet him outside school again.

Romany helped him relax for a while. She was good at that.

Like Alain, Noah had always taken himself a little too seriously. It was hard to see unless you knew him really well because he was the youngest of the Ankh and was determined to remain so. He kept up with pop culture better than any of them and he enjoyed the freedom of his youthful looks. But when it came to assignments... Noah was tough and unwavering and often hard on himself.

He'd met Romany three years ago when she was eighteen. There was a particularly brutal soul eater terrorizing downtown Chicago and Noah had been sent after it when a group of Neith had failed to destroy it. Romany, a member of that group, refused to be thrown off the hunt. This soul eater had killed her father and she wanted its blood. So Noah had let her tag along and had discovered she was tough, funny and... hot for him. As soon as the soul eater was taken out, they had started their relationship. It was casual and they'd agreed it wouldn't be monogamous because Noah had never really wanted anything else but their casual relationship was the longest one Noah had ever had. Romany was straightforward and easy to talk to. However, he had the feeling this assignment with Eden was bothering her. She'd never turned up when he was on assignment before. Let alone twice.

"Eden's pulling away again," he told her quietly. "I haven't had time to explain to her... well about everything. I need to explain so Cyrus can make his move. But I'm worried that we're going to be too late."

Romany leaned forward, her dark eyes pinning him to his seat with intent. "You need to remember who you are, Noah. What your duty is. If you are too late, and there is a possibility you'll be too late, you have to do what you were born to do. You have to take her out, and with her the repulsive son-of -a-bitch who sired her. Remember who you are. And remember what she is."

Noah glowered and looked down at his feet, searching for the answer.

Boston, Massachusetts 1947

"Mother, why am I so different?" Noah Valois asked softly, as she tucked him into bed. With a child's uncanny intuition, even at seven years old Noah felt something within himself - within his parents - that was unlike everyone else. Not to mention the strange friends mother and papa received at the house at least once a week. Or the odd manner his parents would hurriedly arrange a sitter for him before disappearing for entire days at a time. Yes, indeed, the Valois' were not like other people.

Emmaline Stewart Valois gazed somberly at her son. His huge violet eyes stared back, clear and expressive, and brimming with more intelligence and awareness than a seven year olds should.

It was time.

She nodded at him, and then motioned for him to budge over. Lithely, she settled beside him on his bed and tucked him into the side of her body.

"Shall I tell you a story, Noah?"

"Will it answer my question?" he insisted, and Emma fought hard to keep from smiling. Her Noah was such a precocious little thing. She just knew the older he got the more of a handful he was going to be.

"It will," she promised gravely.

Seeming satisfied with her answer he flicked his wrist regally, indicating she should go ahead with her tale. A throaty chuckle sounded from the doorway and Emma glanced up to see her husband leaning against the doorframe of their son's room, his large, intimidating figure a reassuring presence. Alain Valois. Her beloved. A force to be reckoned with. Her dark eyes questioned him. Should I tell him? they asked. Alain nodded.

"Papa." Noah straightened up. "Have you come to listen to mother's story?"

"Non." Alain shook his head ruefully. "I came to bid my son goodnight." Like a cat, he sleekly crossed the room and placed a gentle kiss on Noah's forehead, all the while brushing a loving hand down Emma's arm.

"Bonne nuit, Papa," Noah replied softly, a contentedness entering his voice that was solely for his father.

Once Alain left, Emma settled Noah back into the crook of her arm. "Alright, where were we?"

"We hadn't started yet."

"Ah, I see. Well let's begin, shall we. This story begins many years ago, thousands of years ago in the sun-drenched, dry lands of the Egyptian Pharaohs-"

"I like this story."

Emma shook a little with suppressed laughter. "Good. Now, in the ancient world of Egypt, during the first dynasty of the Pharaoh's, Pharaoh Djer had a son, Djet, and a beautiful daughter, Merneith. Merneith loved her brother with a jealous intensity and was happy when their father told them they were to be married. N-"

"Married!" Noah gasped, pulling away to stare at her in horror. "Isn't that illegal?"

She rolled her eyes at him. "Noah, I really must insist you stop interrupting."

"But married-"

"Yes, it is illegal today, but back then it was the done thing. May I continue?"

He frowned, seeming unsure, and then he nodded firmly. "You may."

Scoffing at him Emma tweaked his nose teasingly and picked up where she had left off. "Merneith was blissfully happy with her husband until one terrible day she discovered that Djet had been meeting in secret with the beautiful Seshemetka, and even worse that he loved her. Merneith was heartbroken. Worse still, after his father's death and his own ascendance to Pharaoh, Djet publicly made Seshemetka his beloved. For years Merneith harbored hatred against them both, all the while proving herself a devout worshipper of the gods. When Merneith gave birth to their son, Den, however, the hatred became a paranoia and an obsession. Determined Den would be pharaoh, she watched vigilantly, waiting for the announcement of Seshemetka's inevitable pregnancy. When it became apparent that Seshemetka was going to have a child, Merneith began to plot. Seshemetka had spent so little time worshipping, Merneith was sure the gods would favor her over Seshemetka. She began scrawling hidden symbols of the evil serpent of Apophis - serpent of the underworld and god of darkness - in Seshemetka's chamber. Finally, on the night of her plan, she painted the serpent onto Seshemetka's skin while she slept. Merneith then went to the goddess Bat, the goddess of the cosmos and most importantly, the goddess of the soul. She showed Bat Seshemetka's painted body and informed the goddess that Seshemetka was trying to destroy Egypt through Djet; Djet who was so obsessed with Seshemetka that he could love no other and would listen to no other opinion than his beloved's. Bat watched the trio over the coming weeks and soon grew convinced that Merneith spoke the truth, and that Seshemetka's hold over the Pharaoh was a danger to Egypt and its people. Bat took it upon herself to protect Egypt - who loved Djet blindly and completely, believing him a living god - from the darkness he had been touched by, by granting her deserving servant, Merneith, with the power to take and control souls, so she could suck the soul from Seshemetka that so addicted Djet and have him love Merneith as devoutly in her stead. But that taste of power was not enough for Merneith. She wanted more. A hunger for souls grew within her until it could only be satisfied by more souls. She broke her sacred promise to Bat and began to steal souls. Their essence made her stronger, made her immortal. Worse... the children she bore may have been mortal but they were born with her affliction, with her hunger for souls. When the gods became aware of her crime, of the new race of monster she had borne, Merneith fled Egypt, sending her children to the opposite ends of the earth. The race of soul eaters began to grow at an alarming rate.

The goddess Neith, enraged that a Queen who bore her name had played the gods fools, gifted some of her truest worshippers with supernatural strength, making them the fiercest warriors to walk earth in order to hunt and destroy Merneith and her children. They are called the Warriors of Neith. For centuries the warriors, mortal men and women with supreme strength, chased Merneith across the lands of ancient. But none could kill her. Repentant of her own part, Bat offered her essence into the womb of a female warrior who gave birth to a new race of warrior - the race of Ankh. These men and women are immortal warriors, powerful kindred, far more so than the Neith. Sadly, only so few are born every century to aid their mortal brethren, the warriors of Neith. And aid them they must. For even though during the time of the Middle Kingdom a son of Ankh felled Merneith, the mortal children she had borne, bore more children, the dark race of soul eaters growing rapidly in numbers. They may be mortal but soul eaters are supernaturally strong with powers of persuasion; they prey on humans, feeding on their souls to quench their undeniable hunger. And the Neith and the Ankh, although the Ankh's numbers have fallen to so few, scour the world, desperately trying to free it from the soul eaters' evil grasp."

When Emma finished and Noah sat silent, she grew afraid that perhaps he wasn't ready; perhaps she had merely frightened the poor child. Pulling back, Emma waited, gazing down at him in concern. Finally, Noah looked up at her slowly, his eyes wide with relief.

"I am different, mother."

She nodded, encouraging him.

"I knew it. I felt it."

"Say it, my son", she whispered.

Noah's eyes widened in amazement and then quite abruptly he clasped her hand. "I am Ankh."

Noah leaned forward, bracing his elbows on his knees, studying the swirls of pattern on the worn carpet of his studio apartment. He was proud to be Ankh, proud of his fate and his duty. And Romany was right. His duty was to hunt and kill soul eaters. To hunt and kill Eden if she went through with the Awakening Ceremony.

He felt a flare of panic in his chest at the thought, her laughing face flashing before his eyes. He clenched his fists and looked up to meet Romany's gaze.

"You're right," Noah replied. "And I remember who I am. But I also know who Eden is. She's not a 'what', Romany. Not yet. And my assignment was to determine whether or not she could be saved. She can be. I won't let Cyrus down on this. I won't let Eden down."

Chapter Ten

Can You a Cross the Line

When there isn't One?

She was doing it again. Poor Noah. He had probably sustained whiplash from their rollercoaster friendship lately. But after that day in the car, Eden was kind of done kidding herself about their friendship. His reaction had finally cemented the truth: if Noah knew who she really was... he wouldn't care about her anymore. Growling at that awful truth, Eden drove home from school, leaning over to turn the radio up full blast, enjoying Jared Leto singing/yelling the lyrics 'Runaway, runaway, I'll attack!' It fit her mood. 30 Seconds to Mars flooded the car until it was all she could think about, blocking out another horrible day at school avoiding her best friend.

That was pretty much why she had to screech on the brakes at the sight of the lump in the middle of the road.

Eden's heart triple thumped.

No. Not a lump.

A body.

Immediately her paranoia set in and Eden glanced around, her eyes boring into the woodlands that bordered the main road to the mansion. Goosebumps rose on her arms as her eyes flew back to the body. Something wasn't right.

She'd seen the pilot episode of The Vampire Diaries enough times to know that.

Wait. The splash of red next to the body froze her. Is that blood?

Slowly Eden reached to unbuckle her seatbelt. Maybe this really was someone in need of her help. Heart pounding, Eden tentatively reached for the door handle.

Then she saw it.

The flash of color in the trees up to her right.

"Shit!" she yelped in fright, slamming the car back into gear as movement exploded out of the trees. The car whined as she spun it into reverse.

Glass exploded, shards screaming in her ear as stinging bites attacked her body, the car rushing forward, green and darkness engulfing her as she was rocked and bumped.

Finally the car grew still and Eden blinked. A jagged hole was smashed in the windscreen, a huge rock on the passenger seat. Tree branches stuck in through the hole. Eden realized she'd careened off the road.

The realization had barely dawned when her car door was wrenched open. Eden skirted back from the large masculine hands that delved in to attack her, her legs flying out, sending the attacker crashing backwards into the trees. Scrambling over shards of glass that bit into her flesh, Eden fell from the car and rolled, drawing up onto her feet in one smooth motion. Five humans stood before her. Three men, two women. All armed. Daggers and swords. Like something out of Shonen Jump.

Is that a Samurai sword? Her eyes widened momentarily on one of the girl's weapons.

Eden quickly checked her surroundings for other attackers. There was none. Just these five with their cocky, vicious smiles. Ryan's words suddenly swam through her brain. These humans call themselves the Warriors of Neith. Their sole duty in life is to kill off the Blessed. "I know who you are," she told them quietly, already calculating how the hell she was going to get past them to the mansion.

"Good." One of the older guys nodded calmly. He was the only one not smiling. "Then you know why we're here."

Before she could even respond, one of the women shot a dagger at her. Eden dropped to the forest floor, hearing the hiss of the blade propel past her. She snapped to her feet in time to deflect the woman's attack, her fist flying toward Eden's face at amazing speed for a human.

A calm fell over Eden. Her reassuring body told her it would take care of everything. And it did. In one movement, she jerked back from the fist, grabbed a hold of the woman's wrist with both hands and twisted her arm back and up, the snap of bone followed closely by the woman's shrieking. Eden's leg came up, her foot connecting with the base of the woman's spine, her preternatural strength shooting through her muscles so that, with little effort, the female warrior flew through the air, past her fellow fighters.

Eden barely had time to question her body's knowledge of self-defense when two more of the warriors attacked. She ducked and punched, her knee connecting with a stomach, her elbow with a nose. Blood slicked her knuckles, the sting of a blade sliced her upper arm. The two men were barely down when she caught sight of the samurai girl hurrying towards her. She spun out from the spot and ran at a thick tree trunk, her feet gripping the bark with ease before she used it to push off, her leg snapping out from the knee, her foot connecting with the girl's head with a sickening thud.

Eden landed on her feet with no sound. Her breathing had hardly increased, although her heart was racing like a cheetah after a gazelle. Her eyes took in the warriors, three of them heaving to their feet.

Holy moly, Eden tensed. These guys were strong for humans.

Her eyes rested on the warrior girl she'd knocked unconscious and her hunger roared from within. It would be so easy to take her. So easy...

The screech of tires from the road was quickly followed by doors slamming. Caught off guard, the warriors turned warily, spotting Ryan's goons scrambling down the embankment towards them. A look passed between two of the men and one of them turned tail and ran, flashing in and out of the trees like a viper. He was gone in an instant.

Ryan's goons charged at the warriors who remained. The Neith abandoned Eden in the face of bigger opponents. She staggered back, watching the fight, watching the goons. They fought well but relied heavily on their strength rather than finesse. She glanced at her hands, covered in blood, remembering how she'd fought. She'd fought like those warriors. With grace and strategy. It made no sense. Eden shivered, biting back nausea. The crack of bones signaled the warriors' demise.

"You OK?" One of the goons strode towards her, stepping over the body of the female warrior she'd kicked in the head.

Eden nodded numbly.

The goon grinned. "You can take care of yourself, kid. You killed two of them."

Her heart stopped. "What?" Her lips felt numb.

The idiot kept grinning, his grey eyes bright with violence. "You killed the two women." He pointed at the samurai girl. "See. Neck's broken. Hey!" He laughed up at the other goon as he reached down for the girl's sword. "Jenkins, this is real." He lifted it up, angling it into the light that filtered through the trees. "I'm keeping this bad boy."

"Come on." Jenkins huffed towards them. "Ms. Winslow, get in the car. We'll need to inform Mr. Winslow and have a clean-up crew head over here right away." He tutted at the sight of her car. "That's a goner for a while."

Eden wanted to scream at them. They were acting so casually! She'd just killed two people! Didn't they care?!

No. They don't. They're Blessed. No. What was it Ryan said the Neith called them? Soul eaters. Yeah. That's it. They're soul eaters.

Numbly, Eden ignored them and trudged up the embankment to their car.

Ryan was incensed by the news of the attack. He could barely look at her and was rushing around, ordering people about. From what Eden could tell they'd have the mess cleaned up in under half an hour. Teagan stood in the corner of the sitting room, grinning at her the whole time, his eyes devouring her. For once she was too numb to care. Celine and Stellan were out but Ryan had called them both to come back to the mansion. Eden wished Stellan would hurry.

"You fought them off, Eden?" Teagan asked with a smile in his voice.

She shrugged. No way was she telling them about the weird fighting skills in the woods. It was not like she trusted them or anything.

"This is a disaster," Ryan muttered and then snapped his cell open as it buzzed. "Yeah? OK. Good." He snapped it shut and pinned her to the sofa with his eyes. "They've cleaned it up and the car has been towed. I've got Jenkins picking up a rental for you."

At least she wouldn't have to endure school runs with Celine.

The front door blew open and the familiar footsteps pounding across the foyer to the sitting room made her feel a little better. Stellan burst into the room, his eyes blazing with fury. And then they settled on her and his whole body slumped towards her.

"Jesus!" he cried, reaching for her, his hands cupping her face. "What the hell?" His eyes roamed over her features, a glower darkening his complexion.

Eden blinked. "What?"

"It will heal." Ryan shrugged

"What will heal?" she asked frowning.

Stellan looked so worried. "Paradise, have you looked in the mirror?"

She shook her head.

Stellan threw Ryan a disgusted look. "You could have at least helped clean her up."

Their father's mouth twisted into a look of mockery. "Why would I bother when I knew her knight in shining armor was only minutes away?"

Ignoring him, Stellan slid his hands under her, heaving her up easily into his arms. Eden didn't argue as he strode out of the room, carrying her up the stairs and into her bedroom, straight through into her en-suite. Gently, he settled her on the edge of her bath and her image reflected back at her from the mirror on the opposite wall.

"Wh-" She reached for her face. It was covered in lots of tiny nicks from the glass from the windscreen, some still bleeding, some already healing over. There was a larger slash across her left cheekbone, however, gross and disgusting as it slowly healed over.

"It will heal," Stellan promised, catching her horrified expression. "You just take a little longer because you haven't fed yet."

"I can't go to school looking like this."

Stellan shook his head. "You should be all healed up by tomorrow morning."

Eden watched him carefully as he set about running her a hot bath, pouring in oils and girly stuff she didn't normally bother with. "It doesn't even hurt," she told him quietly.

He grinned at her. "It probably should a little because you're not completely Blessed yet but..." His smile dropped. "You're probably still in shock."

Her eyes suddenly filled with tears. "I killed two people, Stel." She'd killed two people and although she felt sick with it now, in the moment... she'd enjoyed the fight. She'd felt... alive... in a way she had never felt before.

Her brother's face hardened and he crossed the room to close the door. Quickly, he returned to her, bending down to take her hands in his. Gently he took a wash cloth and began cleaning the blood off her knuckles. "You listen to me, OK. It was self-defense, Paradise. Self-defense. Those Neith were there to kill you, and you did what you had to do."

"It's not that simple."

He tugged hard on her hands, drawing her gaze so that their eyes locked. "You're the gentlest one of our kind I've ever known, Eden. You're the last Blessed on this earth those bastards should have come after. They deserved what they got."

They deserved what they got.

Did Lana? Did the red-headed woman in the basement, or those blonde twins from Ohio?

Where was the line?

"There's no line, Stel," she whispered.

Chapter Eleven

Love or Something like it

Over the next few weeks it felt like she gave up a little. Gave in, maybe. It wasn't like it mattered here anyway. Ryan had decided they were moving after Eden's Awakening Ceremony. The Neith knew where they were now and it was just too risky. So they were leaving. Leaving home. Leaving Salton. Leaving... leaving Noah. But she didn't care... right?

Eden walked the halls of SSH delivering death looks at anybody who bumped into her or dared to meet her gaze.

Didn't they know she was a killer now?

"Oh look, it's freak show without her freak mate." Lucy Stevens smirked at her as she past her in the hall. That was the one drawback from the compulsion. The idiot no longer remembered to fear her. Eden curled her lip up in a snarl just as Lucy's friend, Shawna Beaumont swatted at Lucy, a little frown furrowing her perfect eyebrows.

"Don't be mean, Luce," Shawna admonished, her lip-glossed mouth quirking up into a smile of apology to Eden. "Sorry."

Eden looked her up and down, cataloguing the cheerleading uniform and the Gucci bag. "Did I ask for an apology?" she snipped. "Go suffocate yourself inside your Gucci, Barbie."

Shawna flinched back like she'd been slapped and had to hold Lucy back from attacking Eden. Eden chuckled, feeling mean and bitter.

She turned and walked smack bang into a solid chest. His familiar citrusy scent teased the hunger.

"You're being a bitch to nice girls like Shawna Beaumont now?" Noah asked, pushing her back a little.

Eden let her eyes slowly crawl up his face to his eyes. They were narrowed in concentration. His lips pinched tight. His expression warred between disapproval and concern.

"News flash, Valois. I am a bitch." She tried to walk around him but his arm closed around her fast, strong. She frowned and tried to break free. What the hell... Eden glared up at him suspiciously. "Been injecting steroids, Valois?"

He glared at her. "Is there any reason why I shouldn't be stronger than you, Winslow?"

What...?

Her heart started racing. "What are you talking about?"

Noah sighed and gripped her arm, tugging her down the hallway and into an empty classroom. He shut the door and leaned back against it, blocking the exit.

"We need to talk, Eden."

Oh Jesus, don't let him know, please no no no no no...

"What about?" She shifted uneasily.

"Well among other stuff uh the fact that you've been acting like a psycho bitch for the past two weeks, talking to me one minute, dodging me the next. It's giving me headache." He shrugged casually. "So... you're meeting me after school tonight. If you don't, I'm hunting you down."

Eden snorted and strode towards him. "You can't make me do anything."

"Eden." He took hold of her arm again. "I'll come to your house."

It was like he knew, she thought gazing up at him wide-eyed, like he knew she would do anything to stop him coming to her house. What does he know?

Noah's eyes softened and his grip eased. But he didn't let go. That familiar warmth exploded across her chest and she found herself relaxing into him.

"I miss you, Eden," he said softly and for a minute she could have sworn his eyes flickered to her lips and back up to her eyes. At her indrawn breath, his hand tightened again and then relaxed, his thumb caressing her skin unconsciously.

Did Noah...?

No. She shook her head inwardly. He couldn't...

Then again... someone that hot being single for months...? And there was that night at Doug's party two months ago...

"I can't believe you dragged me here," she muttered, hugging Noah's side as they made their way through the crowds of teenagers. Doug's dad's house was almost as big as Eden's. Plenty of space to pack in a couple hundred drunk and horny teens.

Noah grinned down at her. "I thought it would be a nice change of pace."

"Uh, who invited her?" Lucy Stevens' voice curled around Eden's ears as Noah headed towards the 'bar' that had been set up in Doug's back sitting room. The seniors were crowded around the sofas across from it, playing drunken Guitar Hero.

"Ignore her," Noah murmured and handed her a red plastic cup full of liquid.

Eden stared down into it, uncertain. "What is this?"

"Lemonade."

"Are you kidding?"

"You're underage, Eden. I'm not giving you-" he stopped to take a sip and then rolled his eyes, pulling the cup back from her. "It's spiked."

She kept a hold of it. "Let me try. You're only a year older, Noah. Get off the parental guidance train."

Not really caring whether she drank or not, Eden let him pry the drink from her. He set the cups down and sighed. "Should have known there wouldn't be anything alcohol free."

She laughed. "What is up with the teetotal?"

He shrugged, crossing his arms over his chest. He leaned casually back against the 'bar', way cooler looking than any of the guys around him who thought they were cool with their beer, pong, and designer wallets. "I don't get drunk easily. Anyway I'm with you and I don't want to get you wasted, so we'll abstain."

She mirrored his movements, crossing her arms over her chest and eyeing him incredulously. "So, why did we come here if not to get wasted?"

Noah's light eyes swept the room. "Thought it might be nice to just hang out. Like normal teens."

"Huh. I like that we don't hang out with these cretins."

He shrugged again. "You might change your mind. Some of this looks... fun."

Frowning, Eden looked around her. Lucy Stevens had been persuaded to ignore them by her friends and it looked like she had turned her attention to berating one of her minions for something. To Eden's surprise she caught Lucy's boyfriend Doug staring at her over the rim of his beer cup. He looked swiftly away when he realized she'd caught him. Not everyone in the room was drunk, but there was a lot of public fondling and tripping over one's own feet going on. In general, everyone did look like they were having fun. And they didn't seem to mind that Eden and Noah had crashed. "So what do we do?" She turned back to her best friend.

Before he could answer, a sophomore - Eden couldn't remember her name - sidled over, her eyes bright with alcohol, a flirtatious smirk on her lips. The girl grazed Noah's arm, as she greeted him softly.

"Hey." He gave her a small smile in return. "What's up?"

"Not much. Want some?" She offered him a sip from the bottle of vodka she held.

To Eden's surprise, Noah nodded and took it, his fingers brushing the sophomore's, whose face flushed in pleasure with the contact. For some inexplicable reason the interplay between them made Eden want to rip the sophomore's pretty brown hair out. Instead she smirked at Noah as he took a swig from the bottle. "I'm going to check out the kitchen for some soda," she told him pointedly. "I'll leave you to," she gestured sarcastically, "whatever this is."

Waving her hand at him dismissively, Eden turned and made her way out of the sitting room. She sighed wearily. Even the halls were crowded with teens. As she past their laughing, chuckling, teasing faces, Eden wondered why on earth she didn't feel the need to 'partaay' like them. It held no interest for her. This drunken, out of control-ness made her shudder. Imagine the damage she could do if she ever got out of control.

She thought bleakly of the brunette coming on to Noah.

The sophomore was now a ten. A definite ten.

The kitchen was surprisingly quiet, compared to the rest of the house. When she saw the bowls of food almost depleted, she guessed why. The animals had already eaten everything. Swiping some MandM's that had been missed, Eden huffed and nudged a kissing couple out of the way of the refrigerator. They glared at her but moved off pretty fast when they recognized her. She smiled a little at that. Sometimes it paid to be her.

Finding some O.J. Eden began hunting for a clean glass. Why had Noah really brought her here? Had his teenage horniness finally caught up with him and he had decided he needed to get laid and Eden was his wingman? Wow. That was depressing.

"You lookin' for a glasshh?"

Eden spun around as Doug sauntered drunkenly into the room. His pupils were huge and he was wearing this leering smile that made her back up into the counter behind her.

"Um, yeah."

He stopped and reached up into a cupboard she hadn't checked and produced a glass. She watched in total confusion as he brought it over, still grinning that slimy grin. He stopped inches from her, completely invading her personal space. He smelled of beer and Cheetos. The hunger in her chest unfurled, tasting his soul so near. "Here." He tilted the glass at her.

Warily, Eden reached up and took it from him. "Thanks."

Doug grinned and stepped even closer, their t-shirts brushing.

"Hey man, you wanna back it up a little." She pushed at his chest in annoyance.

The senior didn't say anything. He angled his head, his eyes narrowing as they peered at her. He licked his lips and sighed. "You know, you're kind of hot."

Despite it coming from this moron, Eden found herself flushing a little. "OK. Whatever. Back up, Romeo."

"Nah." He reached out now, his fingers brushing her hair. Eden automatically smacked his hand away. "Hey come on," he cajoled. "I'm jussht tryin' to get to know you." He was slurring badly now. "You're what they call it? That word?" he clicked his fingers, looking dumber than a post. "An igma. Yeah an igma."

Eden made a face. "A what now?"

"An enigma."

At the sound of Noah's voice, she peered over Doug's shoulder and saw him standing in the doorway to the kitchen, scowling at them.

"Hey man." Doug spun around and headed towards Noah, tripping over his feet a little. He whacked him on the shoulder and Noah barely moved, glancing dismissively at Doug from the corner of his eye. "Way to go, man. She's hot."

With that he tripped out of the kitchen leaving Eden's cheeks blazing at the insinuation.

Noah threw her a mocking look as he strode towards her, seeming casual. But there was something there. A tightness in his jaw? "Having fun?"

"I just wanted some O.J." she huffed.

Like Doug, Noah deliberately invaded her personal space, pressing close to her to reach for the glass and the orange juice. She felt his breath on her neck as he poured the juice into a glass. He pulled back a little to hand it to her. The hunger purred at his nearness.

"Thanks," she mumbled, frowning at him as she took the glass. "You OK?"

"Doug's a dick."

Eden narrowed her eyes. "The sophomore's a slut."

They stared at one another for a long time, not saying anything, the tension between them coiling tighter.

Finally, Noah stepped back, and the breath whooshed out of her. "You wanna leave?"

She nodded and put the glass back down on the counter. She curled her lip in teasing derision as she brushed past him. "From now on we're doing what I wanna do on Saturday night."

"Let me guess... The Coffee Shoppe?"

She threw him a grin over her a shoulder as they made their way through the crowds. "However did you guess?"

"I'm just brilliant that way."

As they stepped outside the house, Eden took in a lungful of cool night air. Then she stopped and glanced up at Noah. "What is a shoppe?"

He shrugged. "I think it's just pronounced shop."

"Huh. Why have you never pronounced it shop then?"

"Because shoppe sounds funnier."

She grinned and followed him down the garden towards his car. "It does, doesn't it."

"So we're sticking with shoppe?"

"Linguistically or physically?"

"Both."

Eden nodded, glad they could breeze past that earlier "blip" in the kitchen so easily. "Sounds like my kind of Saturday night."

Noah glanced back up at the house and frowned. Eden followed his gaze and saw the sophomore hanging out of the doorway, waving him back in. His eyes widened as he turned back to Eden. "I think we better hurry."

Eden laughed. "What, not interested in the vodka-wielding sophomore, Mr. Teetotal?"

"No mocking. Who knew a smile and a sip of vodka constituted wedlock around here." He dived into the driver's seat, gesturing at Eden to hurry up and get in.

To annoy him, she took her time. Before she slid into the passenger seat, she waved at the sophomore who stood up at the house, and threw her a smug smile. The sophomore narrowed her eyes on her evilly. Eden grinned, her possessiveness enjoying this win. She slid in beside him and relaxed.

"To The Coffee Shoppe, Jeeves."

Eden blinked, coming back to the present. She gazed up at Noah, feeling warm at the memory, feeling warm at his nearness. OK. So maybe she did... you know...

I don't know. She shivered at the thought.

But she was more than tempted to find out... even if caring about him that way was dangerous.

"Meet me?"

Noah waited with bated breath for Eden's answer. He took comfort in the fact that she'd relaxed against him. He took comfort in the fact that (even though she was in pain because of it) there was a war going on behind her eyes. A war with herself and the soul eater. There was still time. And tonight... tonight it would end. It had to. Word had reached them about the rebel faction of Neith warriors who had attacked Eden. He didn't know exactly what had happened, only that Eden had survived (thank the gods) and now she was acting... different. He had a horrible feeling she might have had a hand in the deaths of some of those warriors. He wished they were open enough for him to reassure her that it was self-defense. Cyrus was furious. He was ripping through the Neith Councils trying to find the leader of the faction. But no one wanted to admit that they had a rebel among them, that they couldn't control their own bloody warriors.

"OK." Eden nodded, drawing him back to her. He felt his heart begin to slow at her agreement. "I'll meet you. Somehow. Where?"

"Get your brother to take you to the movies." He told her the movie and time. "Fifteen minutes in, tell him you're going to the bathroom. Instead, meet me at the back entrance in the alleyway."

She nodded again, silent, and he squeezed her wrist to reassure her. "We just... we really need to talk."

"Yeah." Eden smirked humorlessly. "I guess we do."

Noah stood aside to let her out of the classroom and he had this stupid urge to grab her hand and stop her; like something bad was going to happen and this was the last time they'd ever talk like friends. He shook it off but watched her walk away. Ten minutes ago she'd been striding down the hallway, daring people to meet her eyes, looking for a fight. Now she huddled into herself, brushing past the other kids like they didn't exist.

Noah exhaled and leaned his head against the doorframe. She was in so much pain. He was surprised by how much that hurt him.

He barely moved at the feel of his cell vibrating. He reached into his back pocket and flipped it open.

I am here. Are we prepared for this evening? C.

He snorted. Even in his texts, Cyrus sounded like an old guy. And then reality set in and his heart started thudding, his skin tingling. Noah felt the buzz of coming war.

This was what he was born to do.

Chapter Twelve

Who are You, Again?

Getting Stellan to take her to the movies was pretty easy. He'd been haunting Eden's steps for the last few weeks, worried as all hell that something was going to happen to her. That only made her feel extra guilty about tricking him.

Begging for a break from the house, Stellan had managed to convince Ryan to let him take her out. He promised the goons could follow them and wait for them outside the cinema. Ryan wanted the goons to accompany them into the cinema but Stellan got around him by pretending to be affronted that his father didn't think he was strong enough to protect his sister. If there was one thing Ryan understood it was wounded masculine pride.

Also, Eden had been behaving particularly sullen and bitter lately. He liked it. So he rewarded it.

Sick fu-

Now, now Eden, she admonished herself. He's not worth it.

And he wasn't.

"I'm really glad you asked me to do this." Stellan grinned at her as they pulled into the parking lot of the cinema. "I've been worried about you."

Eden frowned, getting out of the car. "I'm fine."

Her brother shook his head, locking the door. His remained focused entirely on her as he strode towards her, their stride finding time with one another. "You've been different. Crabbier."

"I'm always crabby."

"Yeah, but not with me. Not with coffee shop assistants."

He was referring to the fact that she'd gone a little ballistic at Sally at The Coffee Shoppe on the weekend, when she and Stellan had stopped in for a latte and sandwich. Sally was easily the friendliest person on the planet and had in no way meant to put tomatoes on Eden's egg salad sandwich when she had pointedly asked for no tomatoes.

"I'm just being me."

"No, you're not."

She felt the familiar prickle of frustrated fury. "What the hell do you want from me, Stellan?"

A wincing pain flared up her arm and she found herself being burled to a stop by him. They both ignored the ticket seller, who watched them curiously, clearly desperate to hear their obviously brewing disagreement. "I want my little sister back," he hissed under his breath, his pale eyes wide. "The Awakening Ceremony will take away all the pain and the guilt you feel, Paradise, but don't let it take away you." He slumped, his grip easing.

Eden scoffed, but not meanly. It was more a desperate sound. "That pain and guilt, that's what makes me me. I thought you wanted me to do this?"

Stellan gulped and looked away, jamming his hands into his jeans. "I do. I want you to be like me but... I kind of don't too."

She smirked affectionately at him and batted his arm playfully. "You like me all gooey and human-like? Who's the freak now, Stel?" she cracked, trying to ease the tension.

He gave a half-hearted laugh and took her arm, leading her towards the box office. "Just promise me... when you're like me... you'll fight your nature."

"I will." Eden frowned. "You're being weird."

Quietly they bought their tickets and headed towards the screen room. Her brother stopped her before they went inside. "You saw me that night... when Teagan left the basement door open and we heard..."

Yeah, she'd seen him alright. That look of envy on his face over Teagan's free depravity had made her skin crawl.

"I don't want to be that person... I don't want to be that person because of you." His eyes were shining now as he looked anywhere but at her. "And if you change... I won't have anything stopping me. I need you not to change."

At his anguished plea, Eden felt her chest squeeze with unbearable pain, like grief. She reached out and pulled him into a hug, holding him as tight as she could. All of a sudden he was just like a normal college guy, struggling with who he was. "I promise, Stel. I promise."

It was the least she could do.

After a while, he laughed a little awkwardly and pulled back, not really meeting her eyes. They walked quietly into the cinema, a new weight on her shoulders threatening to buckle her knees.

Since her talk with Stellan had cut into Noah's schedule she excused herself ten minutes after they sat down. Stellan tried to anxiously follow, but she promised him she just needed to use the bathroom.

Stealthily, Eden crept out of the cinema, looking towards the exit for signs of the goons. She caught a flash of one, pacing in front of the doors and shot across the corridor to hide behind a billboard for the final Harry Potter movie. She could feel a cold sweat begin to build on her skin already, as she glanced behind her. The hallway was empty.

Eden took off down it, turning right at the end and then another left, like Noah had text her. She pushed on the bar of the emergency exit and breathed in the night air. Ugh. Night air mixed with garbage, she wrinkled her nose. The door swung shut and she jumped at the sight of Noah behind it, leaning against the brick wall of the alley.

He nodded at her. His expression so serious. "Come on." He held out his hand.

Still suspicious, but trusting him, Eden gripped a hold of his large, warm hand, her skin tingling at the comparison of his rough, hard palms against her soft ones. Her hand seemed so tiny in his.

Guilt crashed over her, remembering Stellan back in the cinema. God he would be so worried when he realized she'd disappeared. And she would be in so much trouble.

Noah tugged on her, his eyebrow raised.

This better be worth it.

Sighing, and casting one last look over her shoulder, Eden let Noah hurry down into the dark of the alley, taking corners and side streets without thought. He seemed to know this place like the back of his hand. Worry started creeping in pretty quickly, this indecipherable feeling... like maybe she didn't know Noah nearly as well as she should.

She stopped, clutching her chest in panic at the thought.

"Where are we going?" she demanded.

Noah looked at her impatiently. "I'm just trying to make sure we've lost the goons." Suddenly he stilled, his whole body growing tense. "Eden..." he breathed quietly and she watched with utter confusion as a blade slipped down from his sleeve into his hand. "Eden, get behind me."

"What?" she squeaked, her eyes trained on the knife in his hand. Her heart was pounding so hard it was nearly all she could hear.

"Now!" he hissed and grabbed a hold of her, tugging her behind him.

Noise erupted around them as six men slithered out of the darkness to surround them.

"Oh god," she breathed, catching the glint of blades in the dark. More Neith.

Noah! She had to get Noah out of there. But...

Wait. Noah knew. Noah knew! He's got a dagger!

There was no more time to think as the men attacked.

Like before, Eden's senses and reflexes took over, jumping back from the swishing arc of a sword targeting her stomach, her fist flying and hitting a face with a crunch. Strong arms encircled her, the bite of a dagger nicking her neck before she dug her fingers into the guy's privates, twisting out of his hold as he howled in pain. Her leg snapped out like a bolt of lightning connecting with the guy's face. And all the time she was aware of Noah, fighting as she did. With ease. With grace. With utter finesse. As if he had been born to it.

Noah is Neith.

Noah. Is. Neith.

Betrayal hit her with the impact of a truck going at 100mph. The hunger, the monster within, roared with vengeance at the hurt that ripped through her. She turned from him as he fought off the last two Neith standing. Her eyes found the first man she'd felled. He was barely conscious, his mouth hanging open in pain. The hunger raked its claws down her insides and Eden dropped to the ground, the sounds of blade hissing against blade, of groan followed by flesh being pounded, was drowned out as the hunger laughed in victory.

Just take him.

No.

Yes. He tried to kill you. Just take him.

I won't.

But you'll feel better. All the pain will go away.

Eden reached out, her fingers brushing the Neith's lips like a lover reaching for a kiss.

Take him!

With one last groan, Eden tugged at the man's hair, jerking his head back. She leaned in, the rush of need and excitement making her tremble. It was all going to go away...

"Eden, no!"

She was wrenched back on to the cold of the alley ground, Noah standing over her with horror inscribed in his features.

Her upper arms tingled from where he had grabbed hold of her and thrown her... thrown her like a rag doll with his preternatural strength. Eden shook her head, her chest crying inside. She'd been such a fool. All those time she'd wondered at how strong he was, how fast, how cool. He was a warrior. A warrior sent to kill her.

"You piece of shit," Eden hissed, fighting back tears as she froze him with a look of pure hatred.

Noah flinched, panic flaring briefly in his eyes before he stood up straight. His expression smoothed out. "It's not what you think."

"You're Neith. You're one of them," she spat out, jerking her head in the direction of the unconscious bodies.

Noah shook his head, reaching a hand out to her carefully. "I'm not Neith. I'm Ankh. Now get up."

She skittered back from him, her heart thudding. "Ankh? What the hell is Ankh?"

A bitter smirk curved his lip. "I'm not surprised he hasn't told you about us. Of course he wouldn't. Then you'd know."

Eden scowled, sure he was trying to mess with her somehow. Confuse her. Trap her. "Know what?"

"Look, I'll explain, but right now we gotta go before more of these a**holes turn up."

Eden watched his hand reach for her, letting her body relax as she calculated her next move. With an affected sigh, she clasped her hand in his and let him pull her up.

Her free hand flew at his face. A blur of movement. He jerked back, faster than she could ever have expected, but she'd took him off guard and she felt her knuckles graze his cheekbone. It was enough. Eden grasped a hold of his arm for balance and shot her leg out, her foot connecting with his solar plexus with enough power to send him colliding in among garbage cans.

She didn't stick around.

She was only three quarters way down the alley when she heard his running footsteps behind her. Eden pushed her speed, sliding around corners and jumping over boxes and god knows what other crap was out there. She eyed a huge dumpster up ahead and swung around behind it, pushing it as if it weighed nothing, so that it glided up and across the alley, cutting Noah off. She spun on her heel and ran, hearing him grunt. When she turned the corner, to her disbelief Stellan was at the back entrance of the cinema, his face pale, his hands shaking as he looked in the opposite direction for her. Eden heard the running steps behind her.

"Stellan!" she screamed, and he turned around wide-eyed as she ran at him. "Run, run, run!" She pushed at him as she collided with him and gracefully they regained their balance, speeding off into the parking lot. As soon as they hit open space, the footsteps faded behind her. But she and Stellan didn't stop. They hit the car and dived in, seeing the blur of the goons as they followed suit, careening out of the parking lot as if the place had just gone up in flames.

Chapter Thirteen

I'm Me. Who are You?

On the drive - correction, speed race - home, Eden filled Stellan in. He hadn't said anything back to her, just gripped the wheel tighter. She could tell he was mad at her for using him in the first place, but he hadn't accused her or spewed recriminations at her. In fact, when they got out of the car, he squeezed her shoulder and told her he was just glad she was alright.

Stellan had a beautiful way of making her feel two inches tall.

The goons wanted to know what the hell happened but Stellan refused to say anything until they had spoken with Ryan.

Celine was flustered by their harried entrance. "Ryan is in his office," Celine hissed at them, her eyes flicking pointedly to the goons. In other words Ryan was in the basement.

Stellan glared at her. "Then get him. We were just attacked, Mother, I think he might want to be updated on that."

Her eyes widened, her elegant hand fluttering up to her hairline to brush back an imaginary stray hair. "Attacked?"

"Attacked. Warriors."

She was silent a moment, her eyes flaring almost white with fury. She jerked a brittle nod in their direction and then turned on her heel, heading towards the curving stairs that led down to the basement. "Gentleman, take a seat in the parlor," she threw over her shoulder, and the goons immediately followed her order.

Eden clasped Stellan's hand and turned him to face her. "I am so sorry, Stel. So sorry." She bit down on her lip, trying to hold back the tears. "I thought I could trust him."

He betrayed me. He betrayed me. The words echoed in her head over and over, the pain seizing her body not lessening any the more she tried to come to grips with Noah's treachery. "Six months," she whispered in disbelief. "How sick do you have to be...?"

"Don't think about him, Paradise. He's not worth it."

Eden flinched at the look in her brother's eye. Hellfire and brimstone. Noah better watch his back, she thought bitterly, the rush of fury biting into the pain.

Reluctantly, they followed the goons into the parlor to wait for Ryan. Five minutes later he was striding into the parlor, not a hair out of place, with Teagan and Celine at his back.

"What happened?" he barked.

Stellan twisted his lips into a grimace. "Eden's friend, Noah, was at the movies. He said he needed to talk to Eden for a minute, I didn't think it was a problem. They were out back and Neith attacked. Noah told Eden he was Ankh."

Eden watched her brother in amazement as he lied for her, covering for her as usual. She was so grateful she didn't even hear his emphasis on the word Ankh.

"Ankh?" Ryan looked discomfited.

Eden frowned. "What's Ankh."

"Just another word for Neith." Ryan shook his head, his face turning dark with anger. "I knew there was something wrong with that little shit. I can't believe this."

"Well we got away." Eden shrugged, suddenly nervous. Her father's whole body was trembling with emotion. Now she understood the phrase 'looked ready to explode'.

He scoffed at her, his eyes flashing. "You were lucky."

"Very lucky," Teagan murmured, eyeing her with a twisted grin.

"So, what do we do?" Celine asked in hushed tones. "They know we're here, Ryan."

Ryan nodded. "Yes. I'm going to tighten security until the move. And you two." He pointed at Stellan and Eden. "No more school. I'll take care of everything, but you are both under house arrest until the move. We leave the day after the Awakening Ceremony."

"The day after..." Celine gaped. "But that gives me very little time to organize."

"Make time," Ryan hissed. "This is non-negotiable."

It took her a while to fall asleep that night. Everything was changing so fast. Salton hadn't been much but it had been an anchor of sorts. Somehow, despite her worst efforts, she'd remained somewhat human in Salton. Eden guessed she'd never really worried much about it until Noah walked into her life. Suddenly there was this person who got her, who liked her, who cared about her. How could it be possible to have imagined the connection between them? But imagine it she must have. She would have done anything for him, she'd tried to be a better person for him, she had worried herself raw thinking about his reaction if he ever knew what she was. And all this time he had known. All this time he'd been planning on... what? Had he been leading her to her death? He had fought those other Neith, but how could she begin to figure it out when all along he'd lied to her?

He'd lied. And the pain of that betrayal... it fed the hunger.

Eden didn't want to ever see Noah again. She was afraid of what she'd do to him if she did. She couldn't shake the hurt and the emptiness his betrayal had carved into and out of her.

It was no wonder when she finally fell asleep, Noah was still there...

It was cold here. Too cold. She squirmed. Too dark.

Open your eyes, idiot.

Her eyes refused to open with ease. She had to concentrate, had to pry them open with all her strength. She was so tired.

Slowly, her blurry vision began to focus. White. Jeez, there was just so much white. Groaning, Eden sat up, her fingers sliding through air as the bed underneath her disappeared. She found her feet though. She was standing now.

"Eden?"

She flinched at the familiar voice and turned to face him.

Noah stood before her in his background of blaring white. He was wearing the Biffy Clyro shirt she loved. She frowned. There was blood on it. "Can you turn off the white?" She screwed up her face, her hands shielding her eyes.

The white dimmed but didn't disappear.

"Better?" He smirked at her.

That familiar expression ripped through her in a fury and she flew at him, beating her fists against any part of his body she could. "You betrayed me! You betrayed me!" she shrieked over and over again.

Noah took a couple of the blows before he grew impatient and snapped his hands around her wrists. Suddenly she was nothing more than a puppy wriggling in his arms. "I'm sorry, Eden. I'm sorry I lied." His violet eyes pleaded with her. "But I didn't betray you."

"Liar."

"I didn't betray you. I'm trying to help you."

She shook her head. "Help me, you can't help me. You're sick. You're a liar."

Noah's face fell, his eyes sad. "I'm not. I'm trying to help. We all are."

"What?"

He nodded behind her and Eden twisted her neck to peer over her shoulder. She gasped. A giant circle was etched on the floor of the white. Ten men and women sat crossed legged around it. A dark man, with skin the color of mocha, gazed at her fiercely.

"Who are they?" She turned back to Noah.

His reply was a soft smile. He reached out to her tentatively, his fingers taking hold of the hem of her shirt. She frowned as he slid it slowly upwards, stopping at the first bone of her ribs. A shiver rippled down her spine as Noah brushed his thumb across the strange birthmark on her lower belly. "The more important question is... who are you?"

"Noah?" Eden felt the tears slip down her cheeks. "I don't understand. I don't understand anything. How could you hurt me?"

"I'm sorry," he whispered. He sighed and drew his head down towards her. Her eyes drifted shut as she felt the soft tingle of his lips on hers. The sensation never left, even though he leaned back.

Eden reached for him, her hands sliding around his neck. His arms encircled her waist so they were embracing. "I'm going to hurt you back," she told him mournfully. "I'm going to punish you for what you've done to me."

Noah nodded, his expression accepting. "I know."

With tears flowing freely now, she pulled him towards her and kissed him. It was a deep kiss, full of need and pain and loneliness. She felt his hands fist in her shirt and squeeze her tighter, his tongue stroking hers softly, pulling her under, drugging her.

The hunger grinned and began to feed.

... the kiss felt so real. But it was changing. It had been sweet in the dream, full and right. And then the hunger had yawned wide open, pulling Noah in with an utter feeling of euphoria, a euphoria almost as wonderful as his lips on hers. They had been so soft...but now... the kiss... it had grown hard and wet and... choking.

Eden gagged, her eyes flying open, panic gripping her entire body.

Teagan! She barely registered the weight of his body on top of hers, his hands stroking and bruising wherever they touched, his mouth and tongue fused to hers, she just registered the fury.

The strength of her abhorrent disbelief rushed through her, blasting through her muscles as she unpinned herself from Teagan and threw him up and off of her. He landed on her bedroom floor with a thump, wincing as he just as quickly regained his footing.

Eden trembled, her nerves shot to hell as she struggled to her feet, putting the bed between them.

Her cousin grinned at her, his muscular bare chest moving up and down with exertion. At least he was wearing pyjama bottoms. She thanked God for small mercies. "That was fun."

Rage bled her eyes of their cool color.

One minute she was standing across from him, the next he was sprawled across the floor and Eden was straddling him, a letter opener biting into his neck. "You come near me again and I will gut you. Do you understand?"

He merely grinned up at her, jerking his h*ps up crudely. "I took you by surprise, I apologize. But you should get used to intimacy with me, Eden. You're eighteen next year. We'll be married, and touching you will not only be my want, it will be my right."

Eden pressed the letter opener harder, blood bubbling up under its point. She took satisfaction in Teagan's wince. "It will be a cold day in hell when I let that happen."

"Ryan promised." Teagan grinned again.

She pressed harder, surprised by how much she enjoyed inflicting pain on him. He kept grinning.

Fine. No more Miss Nice.

She changed the location of the letter opener, the blade between his legs. His eyes widened and he suddenly grew very still.

"Ryan isn't a god, Teagan." Eden smiled at him coldly. "His word isn't law. And I will kill you before I ever let you touch me. Do you understand?"

He nodded slowly, his eyes darting to where she had the blade.

Eden sprang up off of him, stepping back to let him up. He did so leisurely, his body language trying to ooze cool when they both knew he'd been terrified she'd use the letter opener on his precious pieces. She was sure he wasn't going to say anything, even feeling a little relieved that maybe, finally, she had gotten through to him.

But then he stopped at the door and glared at her. "It might just have to come to that then, Eden... 'cause I always get what I want."

Without thought, only feeling and impotence, Eden threw the letter opener.

Teagan hissed as it sliced through his upper arm. He scowled at her, clasping a tight hand around the handle of it. It slid out of his flesh, like a knife through butter, and he watched as the wound closed over, the only evidence of it a smear of blood on his skin and on the blade.

"Nice aim." He smirked at her now, his eyes bright with hunger.

Eden felt sick. "Not really. I was aiming for your eye."

Chapter Fourteen

Caffeine Hit with... Well... Punch

Noah stood anxiously waiting on the coffee order. Lucky he had preternatural balance to carry them all. Cyrus, Alain, Emma, Romany, and another three Ankh and eight Neith were back at his apartment. They couldn't afford to bring in anymore Ankh. Most of them were busy on assignment anyway.

He was trying to stay focused. He was. But as he watched Sally make up Romany's vanilla latte, his eyes grew dazed as he remembered the look on Eden's face when she realized he wasn't who he said he was. At first it was a look of terror and horror, a look akin to a blade through his stomach. And then there was just betrayal and hatred.

The pain in his chest was worse than the blade.

He'd never betrayed a friend before.

And no matter how much Noah tried to convince himself that he had only been trying to help her, he knew Eden would see it as betrayal. Nothing more. Nothing less.

If someone had told him six months ago that losing her friendship would bother him, he'd have scoffed in their face. He was an Ankh. He hated soul eaters. He was a seventy year old immortal teenager who had no time for the drama of teen relationships.

Or so he'd thought.

Sighing heavily, Noah tugged on his hair, reminding himself that tomorrow was the big night and he had to be utterly in control if he wanted to rescue Eden before it was too late. The fact that more Neith had come along and screwed up their plan had nearly sent Cyrus off the deep end. But the Neith promised they weren't hiding the perpetrators, they were trying to discover who this rebel faction leader was and take them out. Still, they had been watching Ryan Winslow. He'd invited ten more soul eaters to the Awakening Ceremony as a security precaution. Eden and her family were on lockdown.

Cyrus wasn't stupid.

He had handpicked a Neith trained to withstand the soul eaters' compulsion just as the Ankh were. It was a difficult thing for a mortal to accomplish but some of the Neith were capable of it. The female Neith had been sent in as a caterer. She would disable the security cameras, open the mansion gates, and send the information they needed on where security was set up etc.

They had done this sort of thing before. It would be a piece of cake.

As long as he closed down and forgot that he had a personal interest in the outcome.

"Here you go, Noah," Sally said, pushing the trays of coffee towards him with a grin. "Got a study group going or something?"

Noah snorted, handing over cash. "Something like that."

"Well I'm surprised." She smiled sweetly. "I thought you and Eden kept to yourselves. Like two peas in a pod you two." She winked.

Gritting back a grimace, Noah nodded and took the coffee. He could barely manage a goodbye as he left the cafe, trying to swallow back the awful reminder of how he had played Eden.

No matter what happened, she was never going to forgive him.

His heart beat a little harder at the thought and he fumbled with Alain's car keys as he balanced the coffee on one hand.

By the time he heard the scuffle of feet it was too late.

Pain slammed through his head, a sharp slice down the center of his skull. He groaned, slumping forward as he forced his body to move through the pain. His elbow flew out and cracked someone across the face, but it felt like a million hands were grappling with him, and then a brief sharp prick of pain in his neck flared his panic.

Shit, he thought distantly, as a thousand little black bugs crawled across his vision until there was nothing but empty darkness.

Chapter Fifteen

Murderer. Monster. Both?

Eden had been sitting staring out into the gardens from her bedroom window seat for the last two hours. There was a hubbub of activity around the house as Celine showed the Blessed who had arrived to celebrate the Awakening Ceremony with them to the guest rooms. Eden didn't even know who half of them were, although she recognized a few familiar faces from odd events over the years. Ryan had invited more people without telling her. She pressed her face against the cool glass, watching goons pace in and out of view. Her dad had also tightened security. Eden grimaced. Noah and his Neith would have to be idiots to attack them. At the thought of him she felt only anger. The pain that had been there before had subsided. Her hunger preferred the fury and since she was pretty much trembling with need at this point, the hunger got what it wanted.

Part of her was desperate for the Awakening Ceremony to be over. She wanted to feel normal again. Instead, she was wakening up in the middle of the night, her pyjamas sticking to her with cold sweat, her chest feeling as if heavy stone slabs had been placed upon it, her brain unfocused - like a million fingers squeezing on her temples. All she could think about was the hunger. The only voice she could concentrate on was the hunger.

It was a small mercy that Ryan had put her under house arrest. Eden just might have attacked Lucy Stevens by now.

Then there was the other part of her. The part that couldn't forget the look on Stellan's face when he asked her to promise not to change once she awakened. He feared his own nature. He feared the iron door in the basement.

And now Eden did too.

With other Blessed walking around the house, hanging out with Ryan and Celine, their sick laughter echoing through the halls, Ryan had had a lock put on the doorway at the top of the basement stairwell. But Eden knew a way in.

And she couldn't... she just couldn't get the iron door out of her head.

Watching the goon in the back garden pace back out of view, Eden bit her lip, her heart beginning to race at her thoughts.

She had to know.

She had to know what she might be capable of... once she took a life.

Her legs shook as she stuffed her feet into green Converse, and her arms trembled like crazy as she shrugged on a sweater. The hall outside her room was quiet, and Eden's sensitive ears picked up the sounds of the Blessed in the front parlor. They were quietly discussing the Neith and Ryan's options for the move. He'd been very close-mouthed about where he was moving his family. They still didn't know. Eden didn't even think Celine knew.

Gulping back her fear, Eden quickened her pace, barely acknowledging two of the caterers she passed and the goon at the front entrance. Instead she took off through the back hallway, past the large kitchen, and through into the back sitting room with the French doors that led into the gardens. The air was cool, the clouds heavy with the threat of rain.

The perfect weather for turning evil.

Hurriedly, in case she suddenly backed out, Eden loped down the stone stairs into the garden, glancing around to make sure the goon was nowhere in sight. Catching him near one of Celine's fountains in the west gardens, Eden ducked behind the hedgerow that divided the back garden from the side garden. By now her heart was pounding so hard, all she could hear was the blood rushing in her ears. Exhaling, Eden sidled along the hedge quietly until she found the dead end. Well... it wasn't quite a dead end. Ignoring the prickles and sharp scratches, Eden squeezed through the slight gap between the corner of the hedgerow and the apparent dead end. She stood at the top of the stone steps that led down to the basement, willing the nausea away. Only the family knew about these stairs, they were so well hidden and disguised. And even if someone were to find them, they'd think they'd found a useless staircase. No door at the bottom.

They'd be wrong.

Tip-toeing down them, Eden half-prayed the key wouldn't be there. She gazed at the brick wall before her, her fingers shaking as they grazed the abraded stone. It was the third brick in from the left, six bricks down, she reminded herself. Her fingers grappled with the grooves and finally found purchase. With her strength, pulling the brick was like sliding a puzzle piece out of place. Behind the brick was a circular, iron lock. Old fashioned. Ryan liked it that way. A small key lay flat, where the rock had sat upon it.

Eden's chest tightened and she felt the hunger stretch.

This is such a bad idea.

You need to know. You have to test yourself.

Taking the calming breaths Celine had taught her, Eden reached in, picked the key up and gently placed it in the lock. It took a lot of strength to the turn the key. A human would have serious problems with it. But it was easy for Eden. She winced at the grating sounds of the bricks sliding across the concrete floor, inwards to the basement. Dashing inside, with a quick glance over her shoulder to make sure the goon hadn't followed, Eden hit the tiny switch on the wall that only worked when the brick door had been opened. The door wheezed against the stone and screeched shut.

Eden exhaled.

The lights had come on automatically, the basement hall cold and clinical and depressing. Her sad eyes fell on the iron door and she chanted the code that would open it, over in her head. There was a security pad on the wall next to the iron door and every week Ryan changed the access code. Only Teagan knew what it was. And idiot that he was, Eden had months ago discovered that he kept the code on his cell under Papa's Pizzeria. She'd swiped his phone that morning and got the code, subconsciously knowing that she would end up down here. She felt worn out, broken even, as she slowly typed in the code. The lock popped and the door whined a little as it broke away from the latch.

Closing her eyes, she tried to prepare herself.

If I'm lucky there'll be no one here.

Coward.

Her lips trembled as she berated herself. With a disgusted sigh, Eden gripped the door handle and yanked it open, pulling it shut behind her.

"Oh Jeez..." she breathed, her eyes taking in the room. The walls were painted the color of blood, and art work, grotesque and morbid, lined the walls in gold-plated baroque frames. Ghouls attacked young men and women, ripping at skin and clothes. Horrified victims lay chained to floors and walls, while their wicked captors smiled out at the viewer. Eden's eyes fell on the easel and blank canvas in the corner. There were more unwrapped canvasses, art supplies littered about.

Teagan.

He used the basement for the talent he had twisted to his purpose. She shuddered.

The whimper made her freeze on the spot. Not wanting to, but needing to, Eden slowly turned around. At the other end of the room was a large bed in blood red sheets. There were things there, tools, devices, things... things she couldn't bear to think about, laid out on the bed. And on either side of the bed were chains screwed into the wall. On the right side, a brunette girl, perhaps fifteen, sixteen, was beaten and bruised, imprisoned in the chains. Her left eye was swollen shut, her upper lip cut. Her wrists were raw and bloody from pulling on the metal chains. Her jeans and t-shirt were dirty, her shirt ripped at the collar.

Ryan and Teagan weren't finished with this one. By the looks of it, they had barely begun.

Morbidly, Eden thought to wonder how they disposed of their victim's bodies.

This isn't my life.

The girl looked up at her and her right eye widened. Eden expected hope. But the girl seemed to take one look at Eden and know she wasn't her rescuer.

"Do what you want," the girl hissed, her head lolling back. "You can't touch me. Not really."

She wanted to cry but the tears... it was like they were gone. Her whole body was seized with horror. It was so vile, so surreal. And the hunger? No hunger. Even with this human temptation before her. Not a temptation, Eden shook her head. Only abhorrence and revulsion that her father and cousin were capable of such evil. That this girl...this brave girl with the hatred in her eyes, thought Eden just like them.

Because she knows you won't save her.

You are just like them.

"I wish I could save you," Eden whispered, the words slipping past her lips without thought.

The girl's mouth trembled, and her eyes watered with terrified and furious tears. "Save yourself first."

Like a hurricane wind those words sent Eden sweeping back to the door. Her fingers felt numb as she clumsily tried to get out, falling into the hallway, her foot slamming the iron door shut behind her. Her heart had frozen in her chest. She hurried up the stairwell, not really seeing where she was going, the girl's eyes branding on her brain. The door at the top of the stairwell opened from this end, and Eden had enough mind to lock it at the back of her. There was no one around. She followed her body to the foyer, to the staircase, to the second floor, to her bedroom.

And then she ran. Slamming the bathroom door behind her, Eden flung herself at the toilet seat and emptied the contents of her stomach down it.

The horror and unease wouldn't stop. She retched and retched, waiting for it to subside. By the time it did, she was pale and drenched in a cold sweat, her whole body shuddering. Collapsing against the toilet seat, Eden finally felt the tears come.

I'm not a murderer.

I'm a monster.

But not a murderer.

"I can't do it." She squeezed her eyes shut.

"You have to, Paradise."

Eden flinched, her head jerking up to find Stellan standing in the doorway to her bathroom, his eyes sympathetic but resolved. "How long have you been there?"

He sighed. "Long enough."

The tears splashed down her cheeks. "I can't, Stel. I can't."

He dropped to his knees before her, smoothing her hair back, his pale grey eyes fastened on hers. "You'll die, Eden. If you don't, you'll die." His eyes shone bright with unshed tears. "And I can't live without you."

Her whole body began to shake with broken sobs. "I don't want to be like them."

"I know," Stellan whispered, wrapping his arms around her and drawing her into his chest. He was comfort, he was safe and warm. "You won't be. We'll take care of each other. We'll make sure we never become like them."

"Promise?" She clenched her fingers into his shirt, the hunger already making itself known after only minutes cowed by her disgust at what she'd found in the basement. It was no use.

Stellan sighed and kissed her forehead softly. "I promise, Paradise."

They held each other tighter. These two unusual Blessed. One another's safest harbor.

Chapter Sixteen

A Winslow Massacre

The drug was taking its time to leave his system. Noah yanked at the chains cuffed around his wrists and clamped into the floor of the dining room. The marble flooring was destroyed. Guess they didn't care anymore.

Noah growled and yanked again, frustrated by the weakness in his limbs. An Ankh, when injected with what would be a lethal poison to a human, was rendered weak and pretty much useless until the drug had left his system.

He felt his skin crawl at the feel of the soul eaters' greedy eyes on him. There was about twenty of them, all huddled around the edges of the dining room, drinking champagne and grinning at the thought of his coming demise. He knew enough about these repulsive creatures' habits to know that Ryan had decided on poetic justice this evening. Noah was to be Eden's victim. His soul was to be the one that would awaken her fully and make her one of the 'Blessed'. If that happened, there would be no going back.

Clearly for either of them, he sighed, slumping. At least his vision had cleared. Not that that would do him any use. Even his ankles had been bound, with a springy metal wire that cut into him whenever he moved. He'd be lucky if it didn't slice his skin right through. It was painful, even if he did keep healing after every cut.

Ryan Winslow entered the room, followed by his wife Celine. Noah smirked, watching them, refusing to show fear. He could only hope the Ankh and Neith's plans went off without a hitch and they rescued both himself and Eden... for he was no use at present.

The Winslow's looked like a normal, attractive wealthy couple... if you didn't look too closely at their blank eyes, or the cruel quirk of their upper lips. Noah couldn't see anything of Eden in Ryan's face. Except for those cool, pale eyes. And yet he never once remembered Eden's being blank. Even when she'd obviously hungered for his soul there had been something in them that screamed she was still in there, still knew what she wanted was wrong and was fighting it.

Would she fight it tonight?

Does she know I'm here?

Part of Noah was unsure. Eden had always balanced upon the precipice and he was afraid his apparent betrayal may have thrown her clear over the edge.

Come on, Cyrus, Noah shuddered now. Cyrus had to make it in time in case she was gone, in case someone needed to drag her back from the soul eater half of her nature.

"Ladies and Gentleman, members of the Blessed," Ryan suddenly called out into the room, his voice deep and clear and cold. "I want to thank you all for coming here tonight. For taking time out of your busy schedules to join me and my family in the celebration of our youngest child's awakening. Eden is a special girl and tonight will be the beginning of all my hopes for her. I predict that after tonight my daughter will become extraordinary."

Noah sneered at him as the gatherers raised their glasses to Ryan with murmurs of agreement and approval.

"Let us begin." Ryan turned towards the door. "Eden?"

The door slowly opened and Noah saw Eden's brother, Stellan, dressed dapper in a black tuxedo suit. He glanced behind him, his arm reaching back for someone. As Stellan drew inside, he shifted, and Eden came into view, her hand gripping her brother's so hard her knuckles were white.

Noah felt sick.

She was extremely pale, her lips pressed tightly together, her eyes blank. Everyone else would assume she was just like one of them, but Noah knew she was probably numb with fear. Her mother had carefully dressed her for the occasion. She stood stiff in an elegant, body forming black dress that made her look mature and adult. In a weird, twisted way, she was lovely.

Her eyes stopped surveying the room and fell upon him.

Noah felt the look like a bullet to his heart, and as her eyes widened with utter horror, he knew she hadn't known he was to be her victim.

Her skin turned a pallid, sick color as she looked to her brother. "Did you know?" Noah heard her whisper.

The floor seemed to fall away from her and she grasped tighter to Stellan's hand as she awaited his answer.

This couldn't be happening.

This couldn't possibly be happening.

Stellan's hand flexed in hers and his jaw clenched tightly as he replied, "Yes. He deserves it, Paradise. For what he did to you."

There was no regret or remorse on his face. He truly believed this vengeance was right. Heart racing, Eden ripped her hand from his, suddenly feeling more alone than she'd ever felt in her life as the eyes of her family and these strangers bore into her.

Waiting.

Waiting for what? She clenched her fists, afraid to look at Noah again. What had they done to him?

He betrayed you, Eden, the hunger whispered in her ear. And his soul is so delicious.

A little hysterical laugh fell from her lips. Noah's soul had been the one to awaken the hunger. She remembered his fingers brushing hers as he took the manga from her hands and swapped it for In Cold Blood. Her whole body had seemed to unfurl, like a caterpillar transforming into a butterfly. All this time she'd been one thing only to discover she was meant to be something else. But that something else wasn't as beautiful as the butterfly wings, nor as freeing. Instead she was stuck inside the cocoon, suffocating under expectations she couldn't possibly meet because she hadn't decided yet, she hadn't decided who she was going to be.

Noah had made her feel better about that.

He'd laughed with her. Talked with her. Teased her.

Sat in perfect, beautiful silence with her.

And it had all been a lie.

"Eden," Ryan prompted, his voice harsh in her ear, "It's time."

She nodded, a brittle nod, and without really looking at him strode towards Noah, chained on the floor.

Silently, fluidly, she lowered to her knees, her eyes refusing to meet his. Determined not to tremble, Eden reached out, her hands taking hold of his head, ignoring the soft familiar feel of his hair. That strong citrusy, woody scent enveloped her and the hunger roared with approval. Her fingers curled tighter into his hair and she jerked his head back, ignoring the little gasp that escaped his mouth.

"Eden," he whispered, his warm deep voice pushing the hunger back.

No! Traitor! the hunger screamed and Eden leaned forward, her lips falling open in frenzied anticipation. Her whole body shook with it.

"Eden, please. Look at me."

She shook her head.

"Please. Eden, I never meant to hurt you. I was never going to hurt you. I was trying to save you."

She made a mistake. Her unfocused eyes blinked into focus. They gazed straight into Noah's violet depths and saw his concern. Her fingers relaxed a little, and she fought to breathe, to fight back the hunger.

"You betrayed me," she replied coldly, churning up the hurt again to help her escape the feelings she had for him.

"I didn't. I lied. But I didn't betray you." There was no fear in his eyes. Only desperation and worry.

For her?

"You betrayed me," she maintained, but her fingers loosened even more.

"I'm sorry," he whispered. "But don't take what I did to you and use it as an excuse to become the person you've been fighting against your whole life."

"Eden!" Ryan snapped at her back. "Do it!"

Her chest screamed with the agony as she fought back the hunger that so desperately craved Noah. She closed her eyes, trying to clear her head. She'd thought this would be so easy. That if she ever saw him again she would kill him for what he'd done.

But she couldn't.

"I can't," she breathed wearily, her hands falling away from him. Eden turned and looked back at Stellan, begging him for forgiveness. "I can't."

Her brother looked tortured. "Para-"

Whatever he might have said was cut off by the sounds of wood splintering and glass shattering all around them. Jerking in shock at the blaring raucous, Eden gaped in horror as men and women burst through the doors and windows, and jumped into the room with fluid grace, their hands clutching swords, and blades and other crude weapons, their eyes blazing with retribution and the light of war.

"Eden," Noah yelled in her ear as fighting broke out among the warriors and the Blessed. "They're here to help you. Let them!"

Hands gripped her arms tightly and hauled her to her feet. Eden struggled in them, the strongest hold she'd ever felt, and found herself facing a tall, handsome man with mocha skin and chocolate eyes. He was young, perhaps in his early thirties. His eyes were soft on her, amazed. "Eden?" he breathed.

She felt transfixed by him, the noise and violence around them blurring and dimming to a dull thudding as they gazed upon one another. Electricity shot through her body from where he touched and she felt... safe.

"Nooo!" They spun around as Ryan screamed at them, a warrior with a broken neck left in his wake. Eden saw Celine, Stellan and Teagan fighting hand to hand with the warriors as if they had been prepared for this day. Brain fuzzy with utter incomprehension at the turn of events, Eden allowed the tall man to shove her behind him. Suddenly Noah was by her side, the chains that had held him to the floor dangled broken from his wrists; another man, Noah's rescuer, stood beside him, his sword out as he guarded over them.

Eden was aware of Noah yelling at her but the words were muffled as she watched the man with the safe eyes battle her father. Something treacherous inside her prayed her father would lose the fight. They fought on and on, match for match, grunt for grunt, blood for blood. Eden was transfixed by them.

"You are going to pay for what you have done!" the man finally cried, a war cry, as he ducked a powerful blow from Ryan.

Her father was sweating, his eyes bright with hatred.

"Ryan!" They glanced over at Celine, who was tumbling back into the room. Eden hadn't even seen her leave. She threw Ryan a gun.

"No!" Eden screamed.

As Ryan aimed and fired, a bullet shot through the man's shoulder as he swung around in an arc, his sword hissing through the air with song. He jerked a little at the impact of the bullet, but his arc never changed, never faltered, and the lethal blade sliced through Ryan's neck, decapitating him. His head rolled from his body, and the body slumped to the ground with a thud, accompanied by Celine's shriek.

Numb with shock Eden watched the man who had rescued Noah gut Celine from behind before she could fire her own gun at the chocolate-eyed warrior. Blood spurted up out of her mouth in a thick fluid as she dropped to her knees, eyes wide and disbelieving. The man slid the sword out with sick finesse and swung it around with mastery, the blade cutting through Celine's neck. Eden closed her eyes so she didn't witness the full decapitation. Unreality made her dizzy and she snapped her eyes back open. What the hell was happening? This couldn't be happening. Not happening.

"Eden." Noah shook her, as she gazed around in bewilderment.

The warriors were winning.

The blood of the Blessed splattered walls and chairs and pooled on the floor like something from a fantastical graphic novel. It was a massacre.

Stellan?!

Eden pushed at Noah, who kept a tight grip, tugging her towards the doorway as the chocolate-eyed warrior and the man who had killed Celine, drew towards her, guarding her. They were joined by a pretty woman with auburn hair.

"No!" Eden tried to wrench away from them. "Stellan!" she shrieked.

She caught sight of her brother through the fight, his head swinging around to find her as he heard her cry out his name.

A female warrior with a swishing blonde ponytail took advantage of Stellan's distraction.

"Eden!" he yelled, turning away from the warrior, to fight his way through the miniature war.

"Eden, no!" Noah tried to pull her back.

"Stellan!" She reached out for him, her eyes widening as the sword came towards the back of his head. "Stellan, noooo!" she screamed.

But it was too late.

The sword cut through him, a sweep of his blood swiping through the air along with the top half of his head.

Agony ripped through her chest and her knees buckled beneath her. She felt arms wrap around her, holding her up as the horrific sight of her brother's body disappeared from view as she was dragged from the room.

"Eden." Warm hands clasped her cheeks but she couldn't see past her tears, or feel anything past the grief that wracked her body. "Eden, we have to leave. Can you walk?" the voice asked.

"There's a girl in the basement," her voice replied, detached from her body. "The code is twenty. Forty two. Eighty eight."

"OK, Eden, we'll get her." The warm fingers brushed her cheek. "Can you walk, Eden?"

Stellan was gone. Her chest tightened and she couldn't breathe, broken sobs, unearthly wailing erupted out of her. Hands slid under her legs and arms, and her feet fell away from the floor. She bounced against a hard warm chest, a body holding her up, a body that moved faster than her tears fell.

Her own body listened to the agony she was in, understood the shock and pain was too much, and as the mind does when it tries to protect us from ourselves, it shut down, granting her blissful nothingness.

Chapter Seventeen

Guess I'm Not Me After All

She awoke in an unfamiliar bedroom, the shadow of a tall figure standing beside the window. Eden struggled to sit up on the bed she was tucked into, her movements causing the figure to turn around; the soft light from the lamp near him on a computer desk cast clarity over his familiar features. The sight of the man with the warm chocolate eyes brought it all crashing back in tumultuous wave after wave of nausea.

Eden gasped, trying to draw breath as visions of her parents' death and Stellan's collapsed in on her like bricks around a bombed barricade.

Stellan.

The torment of his murder pressed on her chest, her lungs struggling to handle the weight of it. She wanted to scream and shriek and rip everything apart until she couldn't feel anymore.

"Eden, breathe," the man said softly, gently.

His words were a switch. Instead of screaming and shrieking she drew up her knees and began to sob into them. The sounds of her choking, cracking, broken grief echoed around the room. She kept seeing his face before he died. His eyes full of anguish for her. Always for her.

The one person she loved and these people had taken him from her.

The hunger felt the anger and gnawed at it, pushing its muzzle past the grief and snapping at it to make room for it. Slowly, Eden looked up, ignoring her swollen eyes and thumping head, as she gazed at the man with the chocolate eyes. He had pulled a chair up next to the bed and sat as if unsure whether to comfort her or not.

Eden glared at him. "My brother."

There seemed to be a hint of regret his eyes. "I tried to spare you that pain. I'm sorry."

Her fingers curled into her bedcovers. She wanted vengeance. She was going to get away from him, whoever he was, and she was going to get vengeance for what had been taken from her. "Who are you?" she asked calmly, shuddering back the grief and tears. Eden knew she had to be focused now. She had to discover what these people wanted from her.

And then what?

Ryan and Celine and Stellan were gone. She didn't even know what had happened to Teagan.

She had nowhere left to go, she realized.

The man sighed, and leaned back. Eden studied him. He was handsome and young but there was something ancient in his eyes. It was hard to explain... just that he seemed to be a very old man trapped in a young man's body. "I am Cyrus," he responded softly, his eyes studying her closely. "I am Ankh."

"Ankh are Neith right?"

Cyrus frowned. "No. Ankh are not Neith."

They weren't? But Ryan had said... "Then what are you?"

"You are familiar with the history? Of Merneith and the goddess Bat?"

Eden nodded, her neck feeling stiff.

Leaning forward now, Cyrus clasped his hands together, as if preparing for a long bedtime story. "You are aware that the goddess Neith created the Warriors of Neith, mortal men and women who hunt soul eaters?"

Eden nodded. "But we call ourselves the Blessed."

His sad eyes lowered as he exhaled, and then they slowly returned to her face. "They are not Blessed, Eden. They are monsters."

"I'm a monster you mean." She shook her head, her voice flat. "Don't worry about it. I already knew that."

He surprised her by reaching for her hand. He clasped it tight between his huge warm palms. "You are not a monster, Eden. Let me explain. Please."

That strange connection, that unreal feeling of security and contentment she had felt last time Cyrus touched her, flowed up her arm and into her chest. Wonderingly, the hunger receded and her mouth fell open with surprise. "OK," she whispered, hoping he wouldn't let go.

He didn't. "The Ankh was born when it became apparent the Neith were no match against Merneith. Bat placed her essence into the womb of a female warrior and from her an immortal race of warriors was born."

Eden frowned. "The Ankh?"

"The Ankh. There are few of us. Only one or two are born every century and we cannot produce children. The Ankh are born to Neith, a quirk of fate deciding which child shall be an immortal. The child is handed over to the Ankh and raised with Ankh parents. Noah is our youngest. He was born in1940 and raised by two of my brethren, Alain and Emmaline Valois. We are born to hunt and kill soul eaters, to aid the Neith in the hunt." He sighed and gripped her hand tighter. "The Neith are divided and governed by Councils and they are governed by an Over-Council called The Circle - ten of the oldest Warriors of Ankh. I am the Princeps: the leader of The Circle."

She struggled to compute it all, so much information all at once. So this man, this Cyrus was the leader of all the Warriors, Neith and Ankh alike. And Ankh were immortal. They lived forever?! Immortal children born to Neith and given to the Ankh. Her brow furrowed as she tried to get a handle on it, wondering what on earth it had to do with her.

A vague memory of a dream prodded her, of a circle, of her birthmark...

Slowly, Eden raised her eyes to meet Cyrus', the blood rushing out of her face with suspicion. All the things that had never made sense... were suddenly starting to make sense. "How do you know a child is an Ankh? How do you know to turn it over to the Ankh?"

His grip on her hand tightened and those warm eyes of his seemed to offer her strength and support. "The child will bear a birthmark... in the shape of an ankh."

The breath whooshed out of Eden's body and she tugged her hand out of Cyrus', her trembling fingers reaching for the hem of her t-shirt. Someone had undressed her and put her into pyjamas and a t-shirt. She frowned at the thought of it, but put it aside. Instead she lifted the hem of her shirt.

There it was.

The birthmark she'd had forever.

A tiny little birthmark... in the shape of an ankh.

"What the hell is going on?" she whispered hoarsely, brushing her fingers over the mark wonderingly.

Cyrus reached for her again. "Let me explain, Eden. I need to explain for you to understand."

"Are you going to kill me?" she asked numbly, not meeting his eyes.

"No!" he said vehemently, raising his voice. "No I am not, and neither is anyone else."

Eden turned to him wide-eyed. "Then what do you want?"

"I am trying to tell you."

She nodded, exhaustion making her head feel as heavy as a cannonball.

A weightless silence fell between them as Cyrus seemed to gather himself to speak. Eden noticed he didn't shift or fidget like anyone else. He moved gracefully, in control, every movement measured and thought out. She wondered vaguely how old he was to be the Princeps.

Bloody old, Stellan would have snorted.

She willed the agony away.

"Not all Ankh are lucky to have found love. I had lived my eternal life for hundreds of years before I discovered Merrit. My love." His eyes washed over Eden's face, tabulating each tiny feature. "She was courageous and light-hearted and so beautiful it hurt to look at her. She was tall with blue-green eyes and hair the color of midnight." His eyes drew to Eden's hair, it too as black as darkness. "We loved each other deeply." Eden heard the pain now in his words and something awful began scratching at her, something she didn't want to know. No. She shook her head but couldn't speak. No. "Eighteen years ago Merrit was on assignment. The Ankh is called in to deal with soul eaters who are particularly strong and difficult to handle. One such group was terrorizing Los Angeles. Merrit went in with a group of Neith, but the soul eaters had planned for their attack. They injected Merrit with a high concentration of potassium chloride-"

"The lethal injection?" Eden interrupted, her eyes wide with disbelief.

Cyrus's face had hardened. "Yes. Lethal poisons will not kill the Ankh but will debilitate them until our bodies fight it off. As with what happened to Noah at Ryan's home," he spat Ryan's name. "They took Merrit and killed the Neith. Merrit was..." he turned away, his jaw flexing with controlled rage. Eden had never seen anyone so stoic in her life. "Merrit was raped by the leader of the soul eaters."

An image of the iron door and the basement flashed before Eden's eyes and her heart palpitated in her chest. "Ryan."

"Yes. Ryan." His eyes now cold with the memories flicked back to her. "After Ryan raped her, he didn't kill her. She began to suspect what he was about and had regained enough strength to break the chains he had her in. She escaped him and came back to me." Cyrus squeezed her hand. "We discovered she was pregnant. An astonishing thing... but I am old enough to know that it had happened before. A strange quirk of fate that a soul eater can beget an Ankh with child. I have no idea how Ryan Winslow came across the legends that I knew to be true but he had, and he had deliberately kidnapped and raped Merrit to impregnate her."

"Why?" Eden croaked, afraid if she let go of Cyrus' hand she would start screaming and tearing at the walls.

"For now let me just explain the basics. Ryan was determined to have the child and he came back for Merrit and took her. By the time I tracked them down... my wife was dead, the babe cut from her body. He took Merrit's child. I searched a long time. I never gave up. Determined to find Merrit's daughter."

Tears splashed over Eden's lids as she brushed her fingers over her birthmark. "Me. He took me."

"Yes. You are a half-breed. The legends call you one of the Unforeseen."

"Bu... I-" She gave up, pulling back from his grasp and curling into herself. The room seemed to spin a little as she tried to process it. Her mother had been Ankh. Celine wasn't her mother. Her mother had been a noble immortal warrior. Perhaps a woman who might have loved her. Eden choked on a sob.

"Eden-"

Cyrus was interrupted by a knock at the door, followed by the handle turning. The door swung open and Noah walked in. Her heart seemed to stop. He looked different somehow. Instead of the usual scruffy jeans and t-shirt, he wore black jeans and a tight fitting black thermal top that accentuated his sinewy musculature. His hair had been cut shorter too, seeming blonder, and he wore a noticeable silver ring on the middle finger of his left hand. Eden frowned. Cyrus wore a similar ring.

Her heart squeezed in renewed hurt and anger at this Noah before her. Everything had been an act, hadn't it, right down to his clothes. Eden refused to meet his gaze as a tall blonde girl trailed in at the back of him, vaguely familiar, accompanied by the tall man who had rescued Noah at the ceremony.

Cyrus stood up at their entrance. "Eden, you already know Noah-"

"No, I don't," she bit out.

The Princeps ignored her. "And this is Noah's father, Alain." He motioned to the young guy next to Noah.

Eden blinked. "Excuse me?"

Cyrus arched an eyebrow. "We're immortal remember. We stop physically aging after a certain point."

"How old are you?" Her curiosity peaked.

Cyrus cleared his throat. "I am roughly twenty five hundred years old."

Her jaw dropped. "Holy..."

Alain straightened, seeming displeased to be imparting the information, but Cyrus' eyes bored into him with command. "I am roughly thirteen hundred years old."

Eden blinked, listening to his accent. Now she understood why Noah's surname was Valois. She thought it was a French Michigan thing. But clearly it was just a French thing.

Noah cleared his throat. "I'm seventy years old."

Still, Eden wouldn't look at him. Her eyes fell on the blonde. Why was she so familiar?

"Ah." Cyrus nodded at the girl. "This is Romany, Noah's girlfriend, she is Neith."

It was like a punch to the gut, followed by an uppercut.

Romany. Noah's girlfriend. Neith.

Eden's fingers dug into the quilt around her, desperately trying to keep any expression from her face. But the shock reverberated through her body as if she had jumped from too great a height.

She felt betrayed all over again. She literally felt like he had reached inside her chest and crushed her useless excuse for a heart in his lying, scheming fists.

Eden guessed that answered any lingering doubts over whether she had been falling for Noah.

"So she's mortal?" Eden asked instead, pushing this new heartbreak out of sight, her lip curling as she glared at the girl. "She's one of those that kept attacking me."

"No," Cyrus insisted. "The Neith that fought you and Noah are members of a rebel faction I'm trying to shut down."

"Rebel faction?" That sounded so ridiculous. And yeah as one of the Unforeseen she was aware of the irony in judging anything else ludicrous.

"Ankh who believe you are an abomination," Romany responded, drawing Eden's eyes back to her. Eden looked at her for a moment, taking in the big brown eyes and golden hair, the toned physique. Romany appeared to be a year or two older than her but the Neith seemed intimidated by Eden's gaze and turned away to look at Noah, her ponytail swishing with the movement.

The image of Stellan's murder flashed before her and this time she saw the face of his murderer.

"Oh my God." Her eyes burned into Romany. "You!" she growled and lunged from the bed, a blur of movement across the duvet. She had the Neith pinned to the ground, her hands wrapped around the girl's throat, before the others even processed what was happening. "You killed him!" she snarled and spat in the girl's face, saliva dripping down her chin as she squeezed tighter, ignoring the bite of Romany's clawing fingers around her wrists. "You killed Stellan!"

Hands, many hands, hauled her off, and she jerked and slapped at them, screaming and shrieking like a madwoman.

"Let her go," Cyrus' voice called out over the racket she made, as Romany coughed and choked. The other hands disappeared and Noah reached for Romany.

With only Cyrus' arms wrapped around her waist, the madness seemed to dissipate. Eden trembled in his arms, still heaving with hatred and fury.

"Eden." Noah looked up at her, his face twisted with confusion. "You have to understand, our duty is to kill soul eaters. Stellan was a soul eater. Romany was just doing her job."

How could he sit there and say that to her when he knew Stellan was the only one in her life who had looked after her, who loved her? In that moment she wanted to kill them both. The hunger roared at her to do it. Cyrus squeezed her arm and the hunger cowered at his touch.

Her grief-fuelled fury did not.

Eden's pale eyes froze Noah in place. "You," she spat. "You are dead to me, you hear me? You come anywhere near me again and I'll rip your throat out. And you," she warned Romany. "You better run and hide... because I'm going to destroy you for what you've taken from me."

Chapter Eighteen

The End.

Maybe the Beginning...

Noah was shaken. In all his life he had never felt this out of control over a situation. He didn't like it. He hated not knowing whether Eden would ever forgive him. He hated seeing her like a rabid animal over the death of her brother. Especially after how brave she'd been at the Ceremony. She had refused to kill him, had fought back a hunger that had bleached her eyes of all color, a dangerous, powerful hunger, and Eden had conquered it because...

Noah hung his head, leaning a palm against the wall of the sitting room of the house Cyrus had rented in the next town over from Salton.

... because she had cared about him.

In that moment, something had changed. Or maybe it hadn't changed. Maybe he'd finally accepted that his feelings for Eden were real. And strong. He had never met anyone as courageous as her.

Romany, Alain, and Emma stood behind him, waiting on Cyrus returning. The sound of his footsteps echoing down the hall brought Noah around expectantly. His heart pounded. The Princeps entered the room, his face drawn and tired. He looked to Alain first, as he should, Alain being the only member of The Circle in the room. "I had to put her in the basement."

Noah frowned, uncomfortable with the idea of Eden locked down there behind the heavy metal door that had been the reason for Cyrus renting the place. The basement had once been a cold store. "Why? Is that necessary?"

Cyrus nodded slowly. "I appear to have a calming effect on her but it... considering the circumstances it is not enough. She is determined to leave and will no longer listen to reason."

"Drug her?" Alain asked softly.

Noah stiffened at the thought. There was a drug the Ankh and Neith used when interrogating soul eaters that helped abate the soul eaters hunger, so they were able to focus on what was being asked of them. Noah didn't think drugging Eden was a way to incite her trust.

Cyrus apparently agreed. "No. I need her to trust me. It is irrelevant, as the hunger is not what is causing the pain. She is grieving." He turned his dark, penetrating eyes on Noah and Noah saw the hint of accusation in them.

He bowed his head in respect but insisted, "I told you how she felt about her brother. I told you it would be wise to leave him out of this."

"And in return I told you he was not to be harmed."

They all felt Romany stiffen guiltily but Noah refused to feel bad when he turned his eyes on her. "And I relayed those orders to everyone. Including Romany."

Romany glared at him, a mixture of anger and hurt pooling together in her brown eyes. But Noah was too upset to care. Too furious with her impetuosity and bloodlust. "I'm being admonished for killing a soul eater. I don't believe this."

"You're being admonished for disobeying a direct order and jeopardizing the integrity of this assignment," Noah responded coldly.

She scoffed, "Oh please. You would have happily killed him if he hadn't been your precious Eden's brother!"

Her apparent jealousy echoed around the room and they all shifted uncomfortably. Noah shook his head, feeling a twinge of sympathy as her cheeks blushed red. "Stop," he said quietly.

Her eyes flared with pricked pride. "Stop? I'll-"

"Enough," Cyrus commanded softly and strode silently towards Romany. Her eyes widened at his approach. "You forget yourself, warrior."

"I apologize, Princeps," she whispered, lowering her gaze deferentially.

"Noah is correct. You disobeyed a direct order and while I would like to think it was because you were caught up in your duty, I am beginning to suspect it was something petty and childish that compelled your actions last night." His face remained expressionless but Noah recognized the bristling in Cyrus' body. He was angry. And Cyrus very rarely grew angry. Suddenly, Noah felt as if he should throw himself between the Princeps and Romany. "I would hate to think that my reconciliation with my daughter-"

Everyone gasped, cutting him off. "Your daughter?" Alain stepped forward, alarmed. "Cyrus...?"

Cyrus snapped around at him, his eyes flashing, his usual admirable control gone. Noah almost smirked, thinking Eden had a tendency to do that to a man. "Yes. My daughter. That is how I see her. Merrit made me promise to raise Eden as my own. I never had the chance to fulfill that promise, but if it is the last thing I do I will save Merrit's daughter and care for her as if she were my own for the rest of my eternal life."

At the grave oath of the Princeps, a little piece of Noah's concern chipped away and he couldn't help the small smile that formed on his lips, despite his father's disapproving frown and Emma's anxious expression.

Eden would finally be alright.

With a man as powerful as Cyrus protecting her and caring for her, she had the best chance in the world to turn her life around.

Cyrus had shut them up, and like a large panther satisfied at having made his domination known within his jungle, he turned back to Romany. "As I was saying, I would hate to think that my reconciliation with my daughter has been jeopardized by a Neith's childish petty jealousy."

Romany paled and threw Noah a beseeching look. When he didn't come to her aid he saw the realization dawn on her face. She was Neith. He was Ankh. And he would always put the Ankh before her, no matter their friendship or shared duty. It was the way he had been raised. Arrogant? Perhaps. Selfish? Perhaps. But it was a part of him that was obdurate.

He winced inwardly at the flash of disgust in Romany's eyes as she finally understood that fact. She huffed and straightened her shoulders to face the Princeps like a warrior. "I apologize, Princeps, for my error in killing Eden's brother. But I can assure you that it was purely done in the heat of the moment. There is nothing between Noah Valois and me anymore. Nothing that would constitute a deliberate breach of your command."

Noah wasn't surprised with her publicly breaking up with him. If she hadn't done it, he would have. He had defended her to Eden to try and calm Eden down, but the truth was he was furious at Romany for killing Stellan. The wail that had erupted out of Eden as she'd watched her brother's death would haunt him for a long time.

Cyrus nodded stiffly. "Fine. I will be reporting your error to your Councilman and he will deal out an appropriate punishment. You are dismissed."

Romany responded with a brittle bow to Cyrus and then she strode from the room and the house without looking back.

As always when one of his 'relationships' ended, Noah felt the freedom of relief.

Alain exhaled. "So what now?"

Cyrus shook his head, his dark eyes full of more emotion than Noah had seen since Merrit's death. He knew it had been a shock when Cyrus saw Eden in the dining room. He hadn't known how to tell him that Eden was the spitting image of Merrit - except for the color of her eyes. It must be hard to be faced with such a reminder of his lost love. "We wait. I do not want to keep her in the basement for long. Just enough to calm her. I am thankful Romany is no longer here." He cursed. "I was close. Before the Romany incident, I was close."

"Don't worry," Noah reassured him. "Cyrus, you'll get through to her. I know it." His father turned on him and he could see the displeasure in Alain's eyes. His father knew him. Knew what he was feeling and did not like it one iota. Tough shit. He shrugged. "She said no."

His mother's eyebrows drew together. "What do you mean, darling?"

Noah smiled at Cyrus. "I mean at the Awakening Ceremony... she said no. She told them she wouldn't kill me."

Although the Princeps didn't smile Noah recognized the lightening of his eyes as pleasure. "She did?"

"Yeah. She was really brave."

"That may not mean anything," Alain sighed. "Cyrus, I am concerned. I don't want you to get your hopes up."

Cyrus strode towards Noah's father and placed a gentling hand on his shoulder. "I appreciate your concern, Alain, but you know I can save her."

"She isn't Valeria, Cyrus," Alain disagreed.

"Dad, she's strong," Noah insisted. "She can do this."

"She threatened to kill you," his father snapped. "How can you defend that?"

He felt his patience thinning. "Because when she had the chance she didn't."

"That was before we killed her brother."

"Look." Noah shook his head. "You're right. She might never forgive me. But I believe she'll forgive and trust Cyrus."

Emma reached for her husband's hand and squeezed it. They shared one of those looks that Noah had always envied, the kind of look in which a whole conversation passed between them. Finally his father gave a small nod. "OK. I'll reserve judgment and pray that you are both correct."

Cyrus nodded gratefully and watched his friend and fellow warrior quietly leave the room with his wife, an air of anxiety pulsing all around him. The Princeps heaved a sigh and turned to Noah. "Your father is a good friend and a great warrior, but sometimes his pragmatism gets in the way of his faith. You don't share that quality, Noah. In some ways you are much like him. Arrogant and elitist," he teased. "But in other ways you are very open-minded."

"You mean with Eden?"

"Yes."

"I spent a lot of time with her. I know her. I believe in her."

"And yet you believe she will never forgive you?"

"She might not, no."

"And that matters?"

Noah snorted and raked a shaky hand through his hair, not quite able to meet the Princeps' eyes. "More than I ever thought it would."

"Then I want you to stay."

"What?" He frowned, looking up sharply.

Cyrus' face had hardened again, as it did when he was relaying an order. "Eden may be angry with you, but you are also the one thing that has pushed her to hold tight to humanity. I believe in that more than I believe in her anger. You will stay-"

"But, Princeps-"

"No buts. We are in this together, Noah Valois." And finally Cyrus let himself smile a little. It was a smile of hope and Noah felt a twinge in his chest at the expression. He prayed that Eden didn't let this noble warrior down. "Me, you, Eden and Valeria."

At the mention of the ancient Ankh, Noah raised an eyebrow. "Valeria has finished her assignment then? She's returning?"

Cyrus nodded. "She is already on the plane. Alain and I are driving to meet her at the airport. We will be gone a few hours, so I leave you and Emma in charge. Valeria's presence here should help greatly."

Noah sighed. God, I hope so.

Chapter Nineteen

Me, Myself and I

Eden, we have to get out of here. Can't you hear the heartbeats all around, the heartbeats of such delicious pure souls? Oh Eden, Eden, get us out of here. We need to feed, Eden. Let's take them, Eden. They deserve it, Eden. For Stellan. They took him from us, Paradise. They cut him apart and snuffed out his life without caring. Why should we care if we do the same to one of them? Get the blonde, the one who killed Stellan.

The hunger shredded her insides with its vicious claws.

Hmm, yes. The blonde. Smell the souls, Eden. We want them. Need them. Need. Need. Take. Take. Stellan. No. Souls. Souls. Pure. Stellan. Need. Want. Give in. Forget. Stellan. Hungry, Eden. Hungry. Take. Take.

Eden screamed, pulling at her hair, yanking strands of it from her scalp in her desperation. Her chest was burning with agony from the hunger, her heart weeping in pain from the grief and her mind wrestling with the sanity to deal with both together. Her nerves felt fried, as if there was too much blood and muscle and veins for her skin to contain. Her entire being bubbled beneath the surface, desperate to break apart, free.

She began to hyperventilate.

Sometime later, Eden awoke, her body aching from having passed out on the lumpy mattress in the basement Cyrus had put her in. He hadn't wanted to. Or so he had said. And despite Eden wanting to trust him - no, needing to trust him - she couldn't. She couldn't trust anyone anymore. As the blurriness of unconsciousness faded, Eden struggled to sit up. She felt mildly better, although she could sense the hunger beginning to awake along with the rest of her body. She'd really thought she was going crazy before she collapsed. Maybe she already was crazy.

I wonder how long he'll keep me here.

Eden gazed around at her dismal setting. At least Cyrus hadn't chained her up.

And that will be his first and last mistake. As soon as someone came into the basement, Eden was getting out of there. Even if she died trying.

Unfortunately she had to wait a while, and the longer she waited the hungrier and angrier she grew. Her grief for Stellan hovered and throbbed around her, despite her reasoning that he probably had known the truth about who she was. It didn't matter. She had known he had loved her. Would have died for her.

And he had.

He was gone because of her. Because of Romany. The grief was easier to handle when she contemplated revenge. So that's what she did: she thought on the revenge she would one day exact. She didn't care how long it took her, she would hunt Romany down and kill her exactly the same way the Neith had murdered Stellan. Anticipation zinged in Eden's blood giving her an energy she lacked from being hungry both for a soul and for actual food. When the lock on the basement door clicked and an unfamiliar warrior walked in with a plate of food and a glass of water, Eden was ready. She clocked the dagger in the pouch strapped around the h*ps of the female Neith/Ankh? Eden didn't care which. She just took the opportunity. She didn't know if they'd been watching, or what. Had they been expecting her to be so tired they didn't worry about the chances of her getting past a warrior?

It was disgustingly easy.

She flew at the warrior, a blur of movement across the basement, her hand ripping the dagger from the warrior, whose reflexes were good enough to whip out of Eden's path, but not good enough to retain the dagger. Eden slashed at the air in front of the warrior, who jumped back, the tray of food clattering to the ground, the glass smashing into pieces.

"I don't want to fight, Eden." The woman held her hands up in the air defensively. She looked vaguely familiar with her auburn hair and cobalt eyes. "I'm Noah's mother, Emma. We don't want to hurt you."

At the mention of Noah's name, Eden's eyes narrowed, not even bothering to be surprised that, like Alain, Emma looked barely ten years older than her son. How would Noah feel if she killed his mother, huh? Would he understand then? The unbearable guilt and emptiness. Would he get it then?!

She shook with indecision as Emma turned her kind eyes on her. They befuddled her. "Just hand me back the weapon and we'll wait for Cyrus, and we can talk. Let's just... all talk. I won't hurt you, sweetheart."

A pang of bitterness swelled in Eden's chest at the endearment. No one had ever called her sweetheart before.

No.

She wouldn't kill Emma. This wasn't her fault.

Eden nodded, as if she were agreeing, and lowered the dagger. Emma's shoulders seemed to sag a little in relief. Thinking the warrior duped, Eden kicked out at her with her leg. Two seconds later she was shocked to find herself flat on her back on the floor of the basement, Emma straddling her, holding her down with an amazing strength that belied her small stature. Wow, she'd underestimated the power of the Ankh.

Despite Eden's attack, Emma's eyes remained kind. "I'm not going to hurt you."

The pressure on her wrists and body clamping her to the ground was immovable. There was no way she was getting out of here. Crap. What now?

Unless...

Eden's eyes narrowed in thought. Did the compulsion work against the Ankh? She didn't know. But it was worth a try right? She locked eyes with Emma. "No, you're not going to hurt me."

Emma's face slackened but her eyes widened. She trembled as if she were fighting with herself. "I'm not going to hurt you," she replied in the flat voice of one under compulsion.

"Let me go, Emma."

It took a minute, and Emma's eyes seemed to shine with tears of disbelief, but she let go and stood up robotically. Eden jumped to her feet, still clasping the dagger in her hand. She gazed quizzically at the Ankh. If she didn't know any better she'd say the compulsion worked but Emma was aware of it happening to her. "You're going to let me go and not follow me."

"I'm going to let you go and not follow you."

Not taking any chances, Eden patted Emma's pockets and pulled out the key to the basement door. She felt a wallet and stepped around the warrior to stare down into her eyes. "You're going to give me any money you have on you."

Emma blinked and reached into her back pocket, pulling out a girly pink leather wallet that seemed at odds with the warrior. She rifled through it and pulled out a wad of cash. Eden took it, her eyes widening as she counted it. There was at least two hundred bucks there.

"Thanks," she replied and handed the empty wallet back. As she did, her eyes touched on the cool dagger pouch around Emma's hips. She untied it, still amazed that the warrior didn't even move, and strapped it around her own hips, sliding the dagger back into the pouch. Just in case. Eden took a step towards the door and then glanced down at her feet. Damn. She sighed and walked back around to stare into Emma's eyes. "Take off your shoes."

The ankle boots were a little too small but Eden shoved her feet into them anyway.

She slammed the door shut behind her and locked Noah's mother inside.

One down.

Stealth after that wasn't really her top priority. She just wanted out of there. Eden raced up the basement stairs and out into a narrow hallway, the front door visible at the other end. She moved along it quietly, bouncing on the balls of her feet.

"Hey!"

Eden whirled around to face a warrior she hadn't met before. She kicked out at him with her right leg and he wrapped his hands around her foot, twisting her towards him. Her body responded fluidly, her torso pushing up so her left leg flew at his head, her foot cracking against his skull. Her body turned through the air and she landed on the ground with the grace of a cat. She'd dazed the warrior but not enough. She never saw his fist move but she felt the impact of it connecting with her gut, the breath whooshing out of her as if she'd fallen from a three story building onto her back. The hunger roared at Eden to take him but she shook it off. She didn't have time. She doubled over, as if she were in agony, and felt the warrior step closer. Her right hand flew up without even looking at him and her knuckles stung as they connected with his jaw. He stumbled and Eden straightened and delivered an uppercut with her left fist. The warrior's grunt was followed by his knee slamming into her gut as he regained his balance.

She barely felt the impact of the blow this time, realizing this man wasn't nearly as powerful as Emma.

He was Neith.

For some reason that knowledge gave her confidence and strength.

She threw him a feral grin and lunged at him, using his own knee as a platform to spring up on, to deliver a deafening crack to his face with her left knee cap.

Eden jumped off of him just as he collapsed on the ground with a thud.

Barely out of breath, she turned and ran down the corridor. She was almost there. Almost there.

And then he appeared.

Sliding to a stop, Eden's whole being flinched at the sight of Noah guarding the door. Her hunger screamed.

"Eden." He held up his hands just as his mother had. "Stop."

"I locked your mother in the basement," she told him coldly, her fingers sliding down and brushing the handle of the dagger. Noah's eyes flared at the sight of his mother's weapon on her and she saw the brief flicker of panic in them. She snorted. "Don't worry, she's fine. I compelled her to let me go."

Noah's jaw dropped, an expression unfamiliar with his face. "You what?"

She shifted uneasily. "I compelled her."

He shook his head. "Not possible."

She shrugged, ignoring the disquiet that settled around her at the awed and slightly wary look he was now giving her. "What can I tell you."

Immediately, Noah's gaze drifted down so their eyes weren't locked. Smart boy. Eden growled, "Let me go, Noah."

Instead of acquiescing he walked slowly towards her. Eden refused to back up. "I can't, Eden. Please just take a minute and think. You know we're not trying to hurt you."

A bitter scoff huffed out of her. "Oh yeah, I really got that when you murdered Stellan."

"Romany is being punished for that. Everyone had direct orders not to hurt Stellan, Eden. It was never supposed to happen."

"I don't believe you."

"Eden-"

"STOP SAYING MY NAME!" she screamed. It was a mistake. She heard the sounds of footsteps from upstairs and from the back of the house. She panicked.

One minute the dagger was in the pouch, the next it was in Noah's stomach. He bowed a little as the weapon plunged into his belly, his eyes flaring in shock as they collided with Eden's. The violet in them darkened to purple with disbelief.

Eden felt his warm blood trickle onto her hand and she gazed into his eyes with horror. What had she done? Oh my God, what did I do? She choked on a sob as she tugged the blade back out, the dagger slipping from her hands to the floor. It seemed to last forever that moment with Noah in the hallway. Two friends turned betrayers.

It was only seconds.

"I'm a monster, Noah," she whispered.

Seeing his shock dissipating and his strength return, Eden knew she couldn't hang around any longer.

He was just reaching for her with bloody fingers when she blew right past him and out of the door.

Chapter Twenty

Running From You... or Me?

Eden was faster than even she had realized. She successfully escaped the rented house, running around the neighborhood in circles for a while to throw off the warriors who had taken off after her. She wasn't familiar with the town but she saw a sign that said Denton and knew it was just a town over from Salton. Surmising that the warriors would head over to the bus depot first to check on her, Eden decided to use the energy she had left and follow the highway back to Salton. She wasn't going home. They would be watching. Anyway she didn't think she could bear to look at the place where Stellan's life had been taken.

Running through the woods was therapeutic in a way. Each pound of her foot and tremor through her leg somehow stomped the guilt, the grief and her hunger into the background. Her muscles were burning, like a screw that had been turned too tight, but she relished it. She even relished the swelling agony of Emma's too small boots.

By the time Eden made it back to Salton and into town, she was sweating more than she had ever sweated in her life. She also looked insane in the pyjama bottoms and t-shirt. Ignoring the bewildered stares from passers-by, Eden headed to Charlotte's, a thrift store Celine had refused to let her go into. It was bad enough Eden was obsessed with black, but at least it was designer black. It killed Celine if Eden bought something that cost less than a hundred bucks. She hated it when Eden wore t-shirts she got online for cheap.

Eden winced.

What an ode to her mother and father's parenting skills that she felt nothing at their loss.

Then again, according to Cyrus, Celine wasn't her mother, and her father had raped her real mother just so he...

Eden squeezed her eyes shut. Actually, Cyrus hadn't gotten around to the reason why Ryan had deliberately raped an Ankh. To be honest, she no longer cared. She flexed the hand that had wounded Noah. She was desensitized to horror.

Limbs shaking, Eden strolled into Charlotte's and began raking through the racks. Quickly she picked out a t-shirt, sweater, jeans, socks, sneakers and a raincoat. The t-shirt and jeans were kind of cool but everything else was a little blah. Not like it mattered. She hurried over to the counter where Charlotte, a thirty-something single mother sat in a stool reading Stephen King's Misery.

"That's my favorite," Eden told her quietly, pointing at the book as Charlotte glanced up.

Charlotte smiled, putting it down. "Gosh, I didn't hear anyone come in I was so engrossed."

"The movie's good too."

"Yeah?" Charlotte's smile grew. "I'll have to check that out. Well, what have we here?" She began ringing the clothes through and suddenly clocked what Eden was wearing. "Honey, you OK?" she asked quietly, her eyebrows coming together in concern at the sight of Eden in her pajamas.

"I'm fine," Eden tried not to snap. "How much?"

"Hmm. OK, that's thirty eight dollars."

"Wow." Eden smirked and handed over forty dollars. Talk about a bargain.

Charlotte's fingers brushed hers as she took the money, the warmth shooting like an arrowhead of fire into Eden's chest and setting the hunger ablaze. A growl erupted out of Eden as she snatched mindlessly for Charlotte's wrist.

"Hey!" The shop owner shouted in fright, trying to tug out of her grasp. "What's your problem?!"

The struggle only taunted the hunger and Eden laughed, a throaty sick laugh that didn't seem to belong to her. As her left hand wrapped around Charlotte's throat and pulled her towards Eden, her torso collapsed over the counter and her face a breath from Eden's, Eden felt as if she were watching it play out from a great distance. As if she wasn't really a part of the attack.

Charlotte choked, her face turning a reddish-purple color, and Eden fought with the hunger to relax its grip on her throat.

"Please," Charlotte croaked.

Stop it! Eden screamed at herself, struggling with this need that had grown so powerful and out of control.

You'll feel better. You'll be stronger. You won't feel so crazy anymore.

Her eyes focused on Charlotte's mouth. Maybe just a taste. I wouldn't have to kill her.

Yeah. That would be OK.

Eden leaned forward, her lips grazing Charlotte's as this pull ripped apart inside of her, this vortex of power, reaching up through her like fingers of sticky black tar; anything caught in its mass would be pulled back down inside of her.

This was it.

This was it.

The door to the shop chimed and she heard laughter. It took more strength than Eden knew she had to let go of the thing inside of her and shove it back down from whence it came. She shook uncontrollably as she relaxed her hold on Charlotte.

"Nothing happened. I brought clothes over. Paid for them. I told you to keep the change."

"Nothing happened. You brought clothes over. Paid for them. You told me to keep the change."

Eden let go just as a voice called behind. "Hey Charlotte, you OK?"

She turned to face the worried young guy and girl who stood staring at Eden suspiciously. They were dressed in ragged t-shirts and jeans, their hair long and scruffy. Very cliched thrift store shoppers.

"Of course," Charlotte replied brightly. "How are you guys?"

"Good," the guy replied, still eyeing Eden warily.

Eden gave him a blank look that seemed to shake him to his core. She turned to Charlotte and grabbed the paper bag of clothes she'd just bought. "Thanks."

"Oh, you're welcome, honey."

In store, all Eden felt was fury that she had been interrupted, that she hadn't been able to finish what would end this feeling inside of her. She was feeling like a frickin' schizophrenic and was sick of it. But as soon as she hit the bus depot and was inside the ladies bathroom changing into her clothes, reality came crashing back in. She sagged against the tiled wall and closed her eyes, breathing in and out to control the wave of nausea that hit her. She'd done it again. She had nearly killed someone. She imagined someone finding Charlotte's dead body, the Stephen King novel she had been reading discarded, never to be finished by her. All the small things in life that made it what it was and Eden had nearly taken that from someone. Horrified, she struggled to breathe. This time it had been close.

Too close.

You're going to have to do it sometime, Eden. Or you'll die.

"Then maybe I'll die," she said out loud. Like a crazy person.

The hunger laughed at her. Easy to have those kind of convictions when you're alone with no human souls tempting you.

Ignoring the monster within, Eden finished up in the bathroom and bought a bus ticket to Detroit. It was all she could really afford and at least in the city she could hide.

The bus ride itself was not fun. It wasn't packed with people, but she ended up curling up into a ball in the back of the bus, taking as few breaths as possible and holding her hands over her ears so she couldn't hear the humans. So they couldn't tempt her.

In an effort to control the need, she resorted to masochism, calling on the image of her brother's death, using the grief to numb her to everything else.

It was not like she knew Detroit well. She'd been there shopping with Celine a few times but since Eden didn't have any friends it wasn't like she'd had the chance to head into the city with a group of kids and hang out. She had been once with Stellan when he was checking out the University of Detroit. They had taken a walk up E Jefferson Avenue and then took a right to Rivertown, the Warehouse District. They had had lunch at pretty cool cafe. It had been a good day. Just the two of them hanging out.

The bus had dropped her off near Wayne Community College but she knew that was near Detroit University so she marched towards the University main campus and tried to retrace her steps. The Warehouse District was busier than she remembered, so Eden huddled into her raincoat and ducked her head, trying not to look at anybody or feel the blissful pull of their souls. Instead she kept walking towards the riverside. The wind had been blowing this crisp clean smell of the river over her but that soon began to fade to this metallic, industrial smell the further she walked. As an elderly woman, who smelled of lemons and molasses, passed her, Eden froze at the warmth of her soul. Deciding it best to tune out her senses, Eden breathed through her mouth and continued on. She gazed around her. None of this would work. It was too...nice. So she kept walking. She walked for a while, not knowing where she was really. But finally she found it. It stood alone on its block.

The building was perfect. An old red brick abandoned warehouse with broken windows and faded lettering along the top. She could just make out the word Trading.

Breaking in was easy. She snapped the padlock across the double doors near the back and pushed the solid iron door open. Her ears picked up the skittering of rats as her foots echoed around the shell of a warehouse. Shattered glass, nak*d steel, and waste decorated what was left of the place. It stank of rust and foul garbage... and old smoke. She wandered around it, staring up into the high rafters. There were holes. She'd have to watch when it rained. To her surprise she found a damp and worn sofa tucked behind one of the pillars. There were beer cans and cigarette stubs littered around it. She guessed someone had been using this place as a hangout before it had been locked up.

Eden heaved a sigh and sank down into the sofa, looking around.

It would do.

Chapter Twenty One

Rebel with a Cause

Eden had been gone a few days now.

Noah stared blankly at the television, watching the images flicker and muted mouths talk to him and to each other.

"Why is the sound off?"

He twisted his neck around at the sound of his mother's voice, watching Emma wander into the sitting room. They were still in the rented house in Denton. It wasn't nearly as nice as Cyrus' home in Weston, Boston. But it was surely closer to wherever Eden was hiding. Hopefully. "I have a headache."

His mother smirked and flopped down beside him. "We don't get headaches."

"Well I'm discovering new things about the Ankh every day. Like, who knew compulsion worked on us?"

That was mean. He felt a pang of guilt as Emma's features tightened at the reminder of what Eden had done to her.

"Mom, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have brought that up."

"No, you shouldn't. Ever again," she warned him, her blue eyes flashing. "Cyrus and Valeria told you to shut up about that, OK. If the Neith find out there is a soul eater out there who can compel Ankh, then Eden's even more of a target. Do you want that?"

He shook his head slowly, feeling contrite as any normal seventeen year old son might. "Sorry. Where are Cyrus and Val anyway?"

Emma rolled her eyes. "Noah, I've told you not to call her that. The woman is a two thousand year old warrior, for goodness sake, not some waitress at Denny's."

Noah grinned, crossing his arms over his chest as he snuggled deeper into the sofa. He thought of the tall, leggy brunette and that grin grew a little lascivious. "Hey, she just looks like a hot thirty year old to me."

His mother snorted and shook her head. "She'd eat you alive, child."

"True. But I might enjoy it."

"Oh." Emma grimaced and swatted at his head. "Don't talk to your mother like that."

Noah flashed her another wicked smile, glad she no longer had that guilty look on her face. She felt responsible for Eden escaping, shocked that the girl had managed to compel her. The compulsion itself had freaked her out because she said she'd known what was happening to her but couldn't do anything about it. She had felt violated and yet at the same time she had felt some kind of connection with Eden. The depth of Eden's despair had wrenched at Emma. His mother had never been able to turn away from the damaged and broken. She was a fixer. Despite Eden attacking her, Emma was even more determined that the girl get help.

"Noah's right, Cyrus," she had said, as she had relayed the details of Eden's escape. "I felt the humanity in her. Fighting. She's in so much pain."

Noah had known that. And although he was nowhere near ready to give up on Eden, he wasn't sure they would be in time when they finally tracked her down. There was something in her eyes when she'd stabbed him. They both couldn't believe she had done it - he still couldn't - but it was like that final act had toppled her over the edge.

"I'm a monster, Noah."

He squeezed his eyes shut, unconsciously rubbing the healed over spot on his stomach where Eden had plunged the dagger in. "Have they found out anything yet?"

"No." It wasn't his mother who responded but Cyrus. Noah and Emma shifted around to watch Cyrus, Valeria and Alain saunter into the sitting room. Cyrus' features were drawn with strain and worry and Valeria had a hand wrapped around his wrist as if offering strength and comfort. "I have spoken with Adam Lincoln. He has discovered the identity of the Neith Rebel leader."

Adam Lincoln was the Neith Councilman of Texas. The Texas Council was the largest in America and Adam was one of the most powerful and authoritative figures among the Neith. "Who?" Noah asked, half dreading the answer.

"Cosmina Arcos, the Councilwoman of the Bucharest Neith."

OK. Noah had never heard of her. How on earth had a Romanian Neith, with little authority or standing, found out about Eden? The question must have been written all over his face because Valeria exhaled heavily and said, "Ridiculous, we know." She strode away from Cyrus and flopped down into an armchair, smoothing her dark hair out of her exotic black eyes. "But apparently in her bid to hunt down Eden she contacted Adam asking him for help. He tells us she was very rational and calm as she discussed Eden. She discovered Eden's existence because of a soul eater she hunted. The man was a Romanian, once hired by Ryan Winslow to guard over Eden. Out of boredom and curiosity the bodyguard eavesdropped on a private conversation between Ryan and his wife. He discovered the truth about Eden and decided to see for himself. He was fired when Eden was fourteen for lifting the hem of her shirt." Valeria smiled coldly. "Looking for the Ankh birthmark. He discovered it and kept the information to himself until it proved useful. He returned to Romania and eight months ago he was hunted by Cosmina Arcos. Hoping to exchange freedom for information, he told Cosmina what he knew. Cosmina comes from a long line of Neith. A long line. Long enough to have heard of the legends of the Unforeseen." Valeria grew stiff. "She had Eden investigated, and discovered Noah's involvement. Apparently she contacted Jack Schumacher, the Neith working with Cyrus. Along with the broken nose Eden gave him, I added a broken arm and threw him in the basement. We'll need to move him soon to Cyrus' cells."

Noah frowned. "Wait, why? What did he do?"

Valeria scowled. "In exchange for fifty thousand dollars he told Cosmina what we were doing. Who Eden was and that we were trying to rescue her. It appears we cannot trust anyone at the moment," she spat in disgust.

"So, Cosmina knows everything and still wants Eden dead?" Emma murmured softly.

Cyrus nodded. "Yes. She's adept at hiding. After Adam turned down her request to join him in obliterating Eden-"

"Why would she chance letting Adam know who the hell she is?" Noah interrupted, confused.

"Because one of her own was already on a plane to tell me. They hoped to get her at Logan International Airport but she slipped by them. The Neith was wily enough to get to my gates but my guards arrested her and were keeping her prisoner for when I came back. After I spoke with Adam I called the house and they confirmed they had a Neith in custody. I asked to speak with her. Her name is Adela. She confirmed Cosmina is the leader of the rebel faction. Adam has had contacts in Romania looking for her but she's not at home or at any of her usual haunts which leads us both to conclude she is in the U.S. We already know she has recruited American Neith to her cause. I gave your description of the Neith you fought that night in Salton and Adam suspected he knew who they were. Seems he was right. They're from Canada."

"Christ, how many people know about Eden now?" Noah snapped, fear and panic bubbling under his surface. They had to get to her. This was getting out of control.

"A few." Cyrus didn't blink but Noah could see his hands curl into tight fists. "Adam has kindly sent in one of his own as a spy among the group. He'll call when he hears word of her."

Noah grimaced, his body screaming for action. "So we just have to wait?"

Valeria nodded. "I'm afraid so."

They didn't have to wait long. Five hours later, Cyrus burst into the kitchen where Noah was sitting eating takeout with Alain and Emma. His eyes were bright with energy. "The Neith have spotted Eden."

"Where?" Noah shoved up from the table, already reaching for the long coat that would hide his sword.

"They've spotted her in Detroit. They've lost her position but they know she's still there somewhere."

Relief flooded Noah as they gathered their gear.

I'm coming, Eden.

Chapter Twenty Two

Some Legends are True

She was running out of money. Eden huffed and squeezed the brown bag full of snacks closer to her chest. Having never had to worry about the green stuff before, Eden was discovering she was terrible at economy. Her second day in the warehouse she bought two throws and a pillow for sleeping on the sofa. The rest of her money she'd blown on junk food, Shonen Jump and a J.R. Ward paperback.

It was her fifth night in the warehouse. It wasn't the greatest sleep but it wasn't like she was frightened of a human breaking in and attacking her. In fact sometimes her need kind of made her wish one of them would be stupid enough to do that. There wasn't much going on in her brain right now anyway. She was losing energy and focus, and was pretty much just trying to get by without killing anyone. In order to distance herself from temptation she had taken to venturing out at night to the late night market near the mall off Elmwood. She had bought the throws at the mall during daylight hours and had to high tail it out of the plaza before she killed some innocent person. Heading into a mall had kind of defeated the purpose of hiding out in a warehouse to stay away from people, but she had to use the bathroom and had tried to clean up a little. It was a mistake. One she was trying not to repeat. She was beginning to smell, though, and her hair was passed icky.

At the market she would put her money on the counter and refuse to touch the cashier. The guy behind the counter probably thought she had some weird mental/social disorder.

She kind of did.

I am going to have to mug someone.

It was true. She barely had any money so she was going to have to steal a wallet (again) and learn to pick crappy food that cost, like, nothing. Eden tripped on a jutting sidewalk and frowned back at it, shaking her head. She was getting weak and uncoordinated. Not good.

Maybe you shouldn't have left. Maybe Cyrus really was going to help you.

She grunted. It wasn't the first time she wondered if she had made a mistake. But then again what could Cyrus possibly do? She was starving and dying for a soul. What other option did he have but to kill her? Eden knew she could try and do it herself. It would take some inventiveness but she was pretty sure she could pull it off. But... she was just too damn stubborn. There had to be a way out this. There had to be.

Holing up in a warehouse doesn't really count as brainstorming.

Shut up.

Eden was perhaps two or three minutes from her warehouse when she sensed she was being followed. At first she thought she heard the pad of footsteps and had stopped in the middle of the street to turn around. She heard a skittering noise but there was no one there. However, her skin prickled and her heartbeat picked up speed. She was sure she felt the heat of someone's gaze. Tensing for a fight, Eden turned and hurried towards her destination. If the Neith had come for her, at least she could fight them in the warehouse, in her own territory, where no one would get hurt.

Well. Except for the Neith.

Her leg dragged a little.

OK. Maybe her too.

Slipping into the warehouse, Eden hurried to her little den and dumped the food, swiping up the steel pipe she had placed by her 'bed' in case she was attacked. She shrugged out of her coat and headed back out into the center of the warehouse, just as the four Neith exploded through the door. There was no time for conversation. They attacked as one.

Eden slid back onto the balls of her feet, her stomach concaving to avoid the slice of the first Neith's blade. In the same motion she cracked the pipe off the Neith's nose, and kicked out at his colleague whose own blade cut through Eden's sweater and scratched the surface of her arm. The kick forced him from his feet, his broad shoulders clipping the only female, who staggered, giving Eden the opportunity to knock her over with a round house kick as she swung the pipe at the fourth Neith, the blade of his sword slicing through the rusted instrument. She cursed and lost her footing with the impact and the kick, hitting the floor and rolling out of the way just as his blade zinged off the concrete ground where she'd fallen milliseconds before. As she drew to her feet, forcing as much energy into her body as possible, hard arms tightened around her from behind and a blade pressed into her throat. It was the first Neith with the now broken nose.

The three other Neith crowded in around her like hyenas around a zebra.

"We got you now," the one holding her whispered in her ear, his words laced with some kind of eastern European accent.

"Let's not play with her," the female Neith scowled. She was American. "Just do it. I'm-" she cut off with a yell of pain and the Neith all jumped, the one with the dagger nicking Eden's neck. The woman turned towards the doorway and Eden saw, not only a dagger wedged deep into the Neith's shoulder blade, but Cyrus, Noah and some woman she had never seen before stroll leisurely into the room. The air around them bristled with potent energy and danger. Eden watched the Neith stare at each other anxiously.

"You know who I am?" Cyrus asked, toying with the dagger in his hands.

The Neith holding her cried out, "It does not matter. She must die!" The blade bit into her neck and a hissing noise whipped by her ear. The weight of him was gone and she turned, astonished to find him sprawled out on the floor, the dagger Cyrus had held in his hand now embedded in the dead man's forehead.

All hell broke loose.

The three Neith ran at the Ankh and Eden stumbled, watching, confused. Wary. Noah ducked a swing from the tallest of the Neith and came up with a close impact punch of his own. He then gripped tight to the man's hair and smashed his knee up into his face. The warrior staggered back and reached for his weapon. As he did so, Eden watched in awe as Noah flicked back his coat and slid a sword out from a scabbard attached to his hip.

"Eden, look out!" Cyrus yelled, as he and the woman fought off the other male Neith. Eden shifted her gaze to see the female Neith run at her. She slid out of her beeline and watched the female with Cyrus launch another blade into the Neith's back. The girl collapsed, panting in pain into the concrete floor. Eden could still hear the clang of the fight behind her, vaguely registering that these Neith were better trained than the others who had attacked. Well. Except this one. This one on the floor, with the blood trailing from her open lips.

Hypnotized by the flare of pain that lit up the Neith's soul, Eden's legs gave way and she collapsed beside her. Gripping hold of her, Eden turned her just as the girl's eyes closed and she slipped into unconsciousness. She was dying.

Her soul. Her soul. What a waste.

Eden's grip tightened and she jerked the girl closer, the vortex opening up inside her. Nothing else existed. She couldn't remember who she was, where she was, what was happening. Only that this soul was bright and she was needful and surely it was a waste to let this soul disappear into the otherworld where it would have no real use.

She smiled, feeling entranced. Relief lifted the massive weight from her shoulders and she leaned over, cradling the girl like a child. It was almost over.

A painful hold bruised her upper arms and dragged her back from the girl like a ragdoll. Eden wailed as if in pain and limply let the hands twist her around. Attached to the hands was a familiar man.

She blinked, trying to focus.

"Eden, no," Cyrus was begging her.

I was so close. So close.

"Let me," Eden began to cry, twisting around to try and reach for the girl. "Let me."

"No!" he yelled, shaking her, drawing her eyes back to him. He looked so pained, so hurt and desperate. She didn't know why.

"Please."

"Never." His grip lessened a little and a sort of sanity began to return with his touch. Like before, she felt a slow, warmth building inside of her, a measure of control gained by his nearness. They gazed at one another for a long time, Eden huddled in his arms on the floor. She wasn't aware of anyone else. Her eyes closed as he brushed her hair from her face. An affectionate gesture. Not something someone who was trying to kill her would do. Unless they were sadistic like Teagan. God, Teagan. She hadn't even thought about her cousin. She didn't know if he was alive or dead or...

"Eden?" Cyrus spoke again.

Her eyes opened and the connection she felt to him slammed through her. Perhaps it was because of who he had been to her real mother, but all Eden wanted to do was let herself be enfolded in his arms, to let herself hide. But she could still feel the soul behind her, slowly disappearing as the girl lay dying. She still wanted that soul. She choked. "Just let me go."

"No. I can help you, Eden." He shook her, as if trying to shake the words inside so they would gain meaning for her.

The tears wouldn't stop now. They brimmed over her lids and soaked her cheeks, salty tears falling into her lips and rolling off her chin. "No one can. I'm a monster, OK. I want her soul. I want to take her soul, Cyrus. If you don't kill me, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna take it."

"You just need to hold on, Eden," he begged, pulling her closer, even as she tried to press away from him. She was too weak and he was too strong. He looked up behind her and Eden froze. She had forgotten they weren't alone. Cyrus felt her tense and leaned forward. She was shocked and amazed by the kiss he pressed to her forehead, her eyes bewildered when he pulled back. "I can save you from this. You don't have to be a soul eater anymore."

You don't have to be a soul eater anymore.

You don't have to be a soul eater anymore.

The words seemed to echo around the old warehouse, ringing in her ears over and over. Eden's heart began to pound as she questioned what he could possibly mean by that statement. Did he mean he was going to kill her? He didn't look like someone contemplating killing her...

"What... what do you mean?" she whispered hoarsely, afraid to believe he actually meant there was a way out of this that didn't involve someone dying.

"There is a cure."

Eden burst out into huge, wracking sobs and he hushed her, pulling her fully into his arms, so her tears soaked his chest. She couldn't calm down. She felt like she was hyperventilating. There was a cure. He said there was a cure. God, she so needed to believe that. Trying to grasp onto some control, Eden forced her sobs to subside so she could hear what this strange but familiar man had to say.

"I knew of two cases such as yours, Eden," he began quietly, still rocking her like a child. "One was centuries ago. A boy was born as one of the Unforeseen. Despite his guardian's attempts, they couldn't find a cure for the boy's hunger and he took a soul and became a soul eater. A very powerful soul eater. It took many years but my brethren and I managed to hunt him down and kill him. It was the hardest kill I'd ever known for I knew his guardian well. His guardian's name was Darius, the oldest of our kind. There was much discussion on what would have likely cured the young man. Darius refused to let go of the matter and whenever he could, he researched, spoke with people, and theorized with the brightest minds of our time. It was during an assignment in Egypt that he spoke with a voodoo priestess. She told him she believed that blood was the key. The blood of someone from the child's human bloodline would have saved him had he taken it into his body. She theorized that he would have been reborn an Ankh." He sighed and looked past her again and this time Eden followed his gaze. The woman who had fought with him kneeled beside them. "Another child was born many years later. The child of a female Ankh, raped by a soul eater. Unfortunately the child's mother was killed in battle when the child was a year old. But Darius and I stepped in and reared the child. We spent years tracking down the Ankh's human bloodline. The child was fifteen by the time we managed it. It was a miracle that we ever did. By then the child was craving souls, being driven mad by her need. But we acquired the blood from her bloodline and we forced it into her. It wasn't pleasant, we had to make a crude syringe from reeds and beeswax to ensure the blood went into a vein."

"What happened?" Eden whispered, a kernel of something unfolding in her chest, light and painfully warm.

Cyrus gazed back at the woman and Eden's gaze followed him. She was beautiful with rich dark hair and almond-shaped eyes. "She took some kind of seizure and fell unconscious. We waited. She awoke some twenty four hours later." He looked down at Eden and brushed a thumb across her cheekbone. "Her eyes were no longer pale grey, but dark brown. Almost black."

She jerked and stared over at the woman with the dark eyes.

"Eden, this is Valeria," Cyrus introduced them as if they were at a formal dinner party. "Valeria was the child I spoke of."

"Oh my God," the words tumbled out of her mouth as she stared at this stunning and strong and healthy Ankh who had once been a soul eater. Like her.

"No one else knows this except a few of The Circle, our trusted kinsmen. Neith and soul eaters aware of the legends believe the Unforeseen who became Ankh died in battle. It would be dangerous for them to know the truth of Valeria, as it is dangerous that they know of you. Ryan Winslow was one such Neith who knew of the legends. He wanted a child who would bear a race of extraordinary soul eaters."

She felt sick at the mention of her father.

"I spent seventeen years looking for you. I am not giving up until you are saved." He stood up now, tugging her weak body to her feet. She swayed and both Valeria and he reached for her. Her eyes locked with Valeria's. They were kind and understanding. Kindred. "I found your bloodline, Eden. I found Merrit's human bloodline and I'm going to take you to them. We'll make this right." His eyes shone now with tears as he cupped her face in his huge palms. "You look so much like your mother."

She laughed, a hoarse strange sob/laugh and fell into his safe arms.

Epilogue

This Battle has

Just Begun

Eden stared wearily at the suitcase in front of her. Valeria was packing clothes Eden hadn't worn yet into it. Clothes Valeria had chosen and Cyrus had bought. Clothes that probably cost a small fortune. Although Cyrus had administered a drug to her that helped abate the hunger and made her feel somewhat normal again (at least not crazy anyway), Eden still didn't want to leave the house and none of the Ankh thought it was a good idea. Cyrus' home was amazing anyway. It was huge. There was a swimming pool, a bowling alley, tennis courts, a games room. A lot of things to help keep her mind off Stellan. Of course the first day she had slept and then the second day she had taken the drug for the first time and had slept some more. The third day she felt good enough to go for a swim and this was the fourth. Valeria had returned three hours ago with all these clothes. And now they were packing.

Her real mom's human bloodline was a family who belonged to a group of Neith in Scotland. They were flying to Edinburgh in one day.

"So, how does this work again?" Eden asked softly, folding a really cool t-shirt with The Clash on it into the suitcase. Valeria had great taste in clothes.

"How does what work?" the Ankh asked, ripping tags off a pair of black jeans. "You should wear these on the plane." She held them out to her. Eden took them somewhat bemused. She was glad Val was around. After what Cyrus told her she felt a little clingy towards Val, needing to be close to someone who had gone through what she had. She was still cagey of them all, despite how connected she felt to Cyrus, and she wasn't sure she trusted any of them completely. But Val told her that all the paranoia and anger would go away when she completed the transition to full-blooded Ankh.

"Well do we have to tell these people about what's wrong with me?" she grumbled, embarrassed at strangers knowing her weird, repulsive and macabre personal business. "Can't we just, like, snatch one of them, stick a needle in them and take some blood?"

Val snorted. "That's your soul eater side talking."

Eden rolled her eyes. "How do you know? I mean, how do we even know I have an Ankh side?"

"Because," Cyrus' familiar rich voice warmed Eden as he strolled into the huge bedroom he'd given her. "You've demonstrated its presence."

"Uh, when?"

"Well, the night of the Ceremony-

She winced, not caring for the reminder of Stellan's death. The pain of that wasn't going to disappear with the transition that was for goddamn sure.

"-you were in shock and yet your nature, your Ankh nature, compelled you to tell me there was a human girl imprisoned in the basement. Through all that you thought to save her."

Eden frowned. She had forgotten about that.

"If you need more evidence... what about your fighting abilities? You fight naturally. Of course you will need training but the raw material is there."

Eden grew excited at the mention of training. Cyrus told her there was so much she didn't know. And so much to learn about being an Ankh. Eden was impatient to find out all Ryan had kept from her, and impatient to turn herself into a warrior who could take care of herself without help from anybody else. But Cyrus was adamant they get her through this first hurdle before he disclosed all the facts. She wasn't happy about that, and a part of her questioned her tenuous trust in him, but in the end she needed to see this through.

"And then there is Noah's account of things. He tells me you often used your aggression to intimidate bullies at school."

Eden grunted at Noah's name. He was still not forgiven. He'd been hanging around because Cyrus insisted on it, but she still wasn't speaking to him and avoided him whenever he walked into a room. Every time she snuck a glance at him, the heartbreak she felt over losing his friendship, their bond, ripped through her like grief. She had enough of that to deal with. And she was still pretty sure she'd kill his skanky girlfriend if she ever got the chance, soul eater or no soul eater. Stellan was still with her through all this. He always would be. She felt he deserved some kind of vengeance for what happened. To make matters harder to swallow, while her loving brother had died, Cyrus told her, her vile cousin, Teagan, had gotten away. No one could find him. Fate was a heartless bitch sometimes.

We'd get on well, Eden thought wryly as Cyrus threw her a reproving look at her reaction to Noah's name.

"You have to forgive him sometime." He gave her one of his serious, fatherly looks. She had a feeling Cyrus was going to become pretty overbearing and over protective in the coming months. In a way it was nice.

But not when he was sticking up for Noah.

Before she could reply, Valeria shook her head. "She does not need to do anything of the kind. If being angry at Noah is what she needs right now, then so be it. For now, all Eden needs to concentrate on is getting to Edinburgh and getting through the transition. We still have a faction of Neith after her, remember."

Cyrus scowled but nodded. "Of course."

At the mention of the Neith, Eden's hand trembled as she stuffed socks into a zipped compartment of the suitcase. This Cosmina Arcos person, or whoever she was, apparently wasn't giving up. It seemed she didn't care how many Neith it took to kill Eden, she was determined to see it through. And there appeared to be enough Neith that agreed with her assessment of Eden's existence to carry on the hunt indefinitely. They would have to be careful on this trip to Scotland, and be ready at a moment's notice to defend themselves against attack. Word was also out that The Tribunal was hunting Eden and Teagan after discovering the mess at the Winslow home. According to Cyrus, the soul eaters had disposed of all incriminating evidence of their existence, including what they had discovered in the basement. Now they were looking for someone to punish for the Winslow's obvious crimes, and since Eden and Teagan were the only two left, they were the targets.

Just the thought of that and jet lag exhausted Eden.

A knock at the door stilled them in their conversation. Noah's mom, Emma, came in carrying a tray of food and the drug Eden was taking. Somehow she had managed to apologize to Emma for what she had done to her. They were all under strict command from Cyrus never to mention the compulsion again because it would make things worse for Eden with all Neith if word got out. Still, she had felt she needed to say something. And Emma had been incredibly cool about the whole thing, including the two hundred bucks she'd stolen from her. In fact Emma was the only thing Eden liked about Noah. His dad Alain was a grumpy old man trapped in a young twenty something's body, and he clearly didn't trust her one iota (OK, so maybe she didn't blame him for that). And of course Noah, himself, was of questionable character.

"Thanks." Eden smiled as Emma lay the tray down.

"You're welcome. Nearly all packed?" she asked, gazing at the clothes strewn across the bed.

"I do not think this much clothing is necessary." Cyrus rubbed his jaw, looking it all over.

"How long are we going to be there?" Eden asked.

He shrugged. "I am unsure."

Emma grinned at that and began to leave. She threw over her shoulder as she opened the door, "Then maybe you'll need more clothes."

Val smiled at the thought (the woman loved shopping!) but Cyrus groaned. Eden found herself chuckling and was surprised by the sound. She stopped and gazed at her hands.

"It is alright to smile, Eden." Val reached over and squeezed her hand.

She looked at up at these two powerful warriors who had designated themselves her guardians. "Maybe I'll feel that way too sometime."

Cyrus raised his eyebrows, appraising the clothes. "I am confused. I thought all these clothes would bring a smile to your face but it seems I have been misinformed about teenage girls."

"Oh no." Eden pulled the t-shirt he held out of his hands. "These rate a smirk of pleasure."

"Ah good." He grinned now, something he didn't do often. It lit up his whole face. He was so handsome. She could see why her mom would have fallen for him. "I am worried that the jet will not fly with the weight though."

Yup. He had said 'jet'. The jet. Eden still couldn't get over how loaded Cyrus was. They were flying into Scotland on his private jet. How surreal was that? He said it was for security purposes, and from all the talking on his cell he was doing, Eden gathered he had people in high places misdirecting where his jet was taking off for so that if anyone (Cosmina, Neith, or Tribunal) did successfully break through Cyrus' security, then they would end up heading for the wrong country. She was pretty sure she'd heard the word 'Minsk' a couple of times.

She snorted at his joke and reached over for the drug on the tray Emma had left. Unabashedly, Eden rolled up her sleeve and administered it herself, the prick of the needle barely registering. She felt her hunger whine inside her chest at the injustice. Sighing at its lustful and still very strong fight, Eden's eyes flew between Val and Cyrus, thinking about all those human souls she was soon going to have to deal with. It was bad enough being trapped in a house with the delicious Michelin star souls of the Ankh, but she had a connection to them now and didn't want to hurt them. She didn't know any Scottish people from Adam. Those were some seriously in danger foreign souls.

She sighed, exhausted just thinking about the struggle she was about to undergo. "You think Scottish people are less tasty... 'cause that would really help me out."

The End

