Prologue

The Flight

The blood of the Blessed splattered walls and chairs and pooled on the floor like something from a fantastical graphic novel. It was a massacre.

Stellan?!

Eden pushed at Noah, who kept a tight grip, tugging her towards the doorway as the chocolate-eyed warrior and the man who had killed Celine drew towards her, guarding her. They were joined by a pretty woman with auburn hair.

"No!" Eden tried to wrench away from them. "Stellan!" she shrieked.

She caught sight of her brother through the fight, his head swinging around to find her as he heard her cry out his name.

A warrior with a swishing blonde ponytail, a girl perhaps a year older than she, took advantage of Stellan's distraction.

"Eden!" he yelled, turning away from the warrior to fight his way through the miniature war.

"Eden, no!" Noah tried to pull her back.

"Stellan!" She reached out for him, her eyes widening as the sword came towards the back of his head. "Stellan, noooo!" she screamed.

But it was too late.

The sword cut through him, a sweep of his blood swiping through the air along with the top half of his head.

Agony ripped through her chest and her knees buckled beneath her. She felt arms wrap around her, holding her up as the horrific sight of her brother's body disappeared from view as she was dragged from the room...

Eden blinked back tears, the burning, choking feeling in her throat making it hard to swallow. The image of her brother's death had played over and over in her head every day since it had happened.

She kept wishing she could pause and rewind the replay, do something different, not shout out his name and distract him. Why couldn't it have been Teagan? She wondered despairingly. Her cousin was the lowest piece of scum on the earth and yet somehow, out of everyone, he was the one who had survived unscathed. And she knew he was unscathed. He wouldn't care that Ryan and Celine and Stellan were dead. He didn't have it in him to care.

Eden frowned; it was paranoia, she knew it was, but that big puff of cloud outside her window had Teagan's sneer. Eden growled under her breath at it and ignored Valeria clearing her throat from the leather couch across from her on Cyrus' private jet.

"Is everything alright, Eden? Need the drug?"

She shook her head without looking at the warrior who was taking time out of her busy schedule of hunting and killing soul eaters to escort Eden across seas. The drug she was referring to was the one that was keeping Eden's hunger abated. Her hunger for souls.

Being a soul eater sucked ass.

Eden exhaled heavily and leaned her head back on the cushy leather recliner, blocking out the tasty tendrils of soul wafting towards her from all directions. She was stuck on a plane with not one delicious Ankh soul but three. They couldn't get to Edinburgh fast enough.

If someone had told her six months ago that meeting Noah Valois would lead to the death of her parents and the discovery of an unbelievable heritage, Eden would have snarled at them sarcastically and given them a look that said 'Did I say you could suck oxygen next to me?'

But lo and behold... here she was.

Opening her eyes to little slits Eden snuck a peek at Noah who sat across from her, reading In Cold Blood again. She curled her lip in agitation, ignoring the way her heart thumped a little harder as her eyes drank in his strong face and elegantly masculine hands - hands that could kill a man in under two seconds, she remembered stubbornly. She snorted inwardly. He was reading that damn book deliberately. Trying to charm her with memories of how their friendship first began.

Reminding her that he had manipulated an entire friendship with her by forcing In Cold Blood on her (a really inappropriate book considering the ordeal she was going through), and pretending to like the manga magazine she was reading, was not the way to soften her up.

"I lied before," she huffed, drawing Noah's pale violet eyes up from the pages of his book to her face. His eyebrow quirked up, clearly surprised she had deigned to speak to him.

"About what?"

Eden ignored the little shiver that tickled down her spine at the sound of his deep rich voice. He had the perfect narrator's voice. Melodic and unusual, and utterly captivating. She hated him for it.

"About the book. It sucked."

He threw her a look that told her he didn't believe her. He knew she was being petulant. "Well, I didn't lie about Naruto. I really did enjoy it."

She scoffed. "Yeah right."

"Eden-"

"Noah, leave it," Valeria interrupted and Eden twisted her head around to stare at the ancient warrior. Valeria was a tall, leggy, exotic woman, with dark eyes and dark brown hair. She was roughly two thousand years old and one of ten members of the immortal Warriors of Ankh Board of Authority - it was called The Circle. The Circle was put in place to rule and organise, not only themselves, but also their brethren - the vastly more populated mortal Warriors of Neith, without whom the Ankh would not exist. A Warrior of Ankh could only be borne by the Neith, identified by the Ankh-shaped birthmark all Ankhs were born with on their body. The Ankh child was promptly handed over to The Circle and given to a member of the Ankh to be raised as their own. In Eden's case, her father, Ryan, a particularly perverse and evil soul eater, kidnapped Eden's mother, Merrit, a Warrior of Ankh, and raped her. All because he'd read somewhere about a stupid legend that said a soul eater had managed to impregnate the normally infertile Ankh, producing a soul eater so strong it had taken the most powerful warriors to destroy him. Wanting to create his own little super race of soul eaters, Ryan experimented with Merrit and the experiment paid off. Merrit fell pregnant but managed to escape back to her husband. However, Ryan found her and had the babe cut from her body and she died. The babe he took home and raised, a legendary child of mixed blood called the Unforeseen. Eden. Eden was the Unforeseen. Not that she'd known any of this until Noah came to her school six months ago, struck up a FAKE friendship with her, broke her heart, destroyed her life and handed her over to the Ankh.

That last part she couldn't be mad at him for though.

Her eyes caught Valeria's and a powerful understanding flowed between them. Thousands of years ago, Valeria had been one of the Unforeseen as well, but her guardian, Cyrus, discovered a cure for the hunger, a cure that destroyed the soul eater heritage and made the Unforeseen a pureblood Ankh. The cure was blood itself. The blood of the Unforeseen's human bloodline.

"I'm not doing anything," Noah snapped. "She spoke to me."

"Oh please." Eden rolled her eyes.

"Eden."

The warning rumble originated from the doorway of the pilot's cabin. She looked up guiltily as Cyrus frowned at her reprovingly. He knew she was deliberately trying to bait Noah. She'd barely known Cyrus two weeks and she felt as if he knew more about her than anybody else. Well perhaps not as well as Noah, but he was certainly getting there. He told her it was because she was so much like her mother Merrit. And Merrit had been Cyrus' wife.

Now Cyrus was her guardian.

In a way she couldn't have asked for a better guardian. Cyrus was the Princeps. The leader of The Circle, and the man with the highest authority among all warriors. He was also about twenty five hundred years older than her which made him possibly the most powerful Ankh on the planet with the exception of some guy called Darius she had never met, who was the oldest of the Ankh. He gave over the title of Princeps to Cyrus because he was sick of the politics and just wanted to kill soul eaters. Sounded like a fun guy.

"Cyrus, she didn't do anything," Valeria interceded casually, drawing her legs down off the leather sofa so Cyrus could take a seat.

"She's baiting Noah."

Eden bit her lip, her cheeks feeling a little warm. Jeez, she wasn't going to be able to get away with anything around this dude.

"She's not, I'm fine," Noah insisted and Eden growled in his direction. He shrugged.

"Eden, do you need the drug?" Cyrus asked, sitting back casually. "We have been on the plane for hours."

"Are we nearly there yet?"

"Another hour."

Good. She couldn't wait to get off the damn thing. It was her first time on a plane but truth be told the excited enjoyment she'd felt had quickly dissipated after the first two hours. The jet was spacious and she had been able to walk about, but it was still like being stuck in a fat, stylish tube for 6 hours.

Only another hour. And then she would be in Scotland where she would meet her Neith family and have the eldest of the line's blood transfused into her. That would hopefully begin her transition from soul eater to Ankh. Before that, however, she had to get past all the human souls begging for her to take them.

"Eden?"

She bit her lip and nodded. "Yeah, I need the drug."

Chapter One

Divine Approval

They were inside the non-descript rented Volvo barely two minutes, pulling away from the Leuchars'

airfield in the tourist town of St. Andrews, when Cyrus' cell rang. He flipped it open and answered immediately, pulling the car over to the side of the road. Eden absently took in the open country around them. She'd been instantly enamoured by the crisp, fresh air of Scotland, and already used to the sometimes cold springs in Michigan, wasn't bothered by the cool, grey day, or the threat of showers in the gradually filling stomachs of the clouds above. Behind them, she heard the gravel shift as Valeria pulled the Volvo she was driving in behind them. Glancing in the wing mirror, Eden saw both Noah and Val frowning.

It was then she realised she'd never heard Cyrus sound so reverent before. Who was he talking to?

"I do appreciate you coming," he said in a low voice and Eden pricked her sensitive ears, hoping to catch the other side of the conversation. As if he knew, Cyrus leaned away from her, throwing her a look out of the corner of his eye. "Yes." He nodded. "Alright. Where? No, that is fine, I have a Tom Tom. Yes. Alright. Thirty minutes." He snapped the cell shut and glanced at her with a thoughtful look.

"Who was that?"

"That... was Darius."

"Darius? Who's-" Eden's mouth formed a little 'o'. "Darius. As in the oldest of the Ankh, Darius?"

"Yes."

"Is everything OK?"

Cyrus smiled a little. "Yes. My old friend just likes to surprise me. I told him where we were going and he has decided to drop in for a visit."

"He's going to be in Edinburgh when we get there?"

Her guardian's eyes darkened. "Darius prefers a solitary existence. If other warriors were to know of his location he would be swamped with visitors. No. He is meeting us in a travel motel." Cyrus leaned forward now and began punching in new coordinates on the annoying sat nav. "It will be a brief visit. He just wants to meet you."

This Darius sounded like the ultimate enigma. He'd been through this situation with one of the Unforeseen before. Twice in fact. He was actually older than Cyrus. If Cyrus was intimidating she couldn't imagine what this guy was like! Her heart began to thump a little harder and faster in her chest. "Why?"

"I should think that obvious."

"Not really."

"You are one of the Unforeseen and very important to me." The warmth in his eyes felt like a cosy blanket tucking her in tight, safe and content. She fought the feeling, still doubting despite everything, the trustworthiness of the Ankh. "Whatever else he might be, Darius is a friend. He just wants to..."

Eden curled a lip as sudden realisation dawned. "Inspect me."

"Well-"

"Yeah, yeah. He wants to check I'm not going to turn on you or whatever. I get it. What I don't get is how he could possibly know better than you."

Cyrus sighed. "Eden, some may say my judgement is impaired by my connection to you. I do not agree, but Darius would like to see for himself. He understands. He is very close to Valeria.

Moreover, Darius is old. Very old."

"What exactly does that mean?"

He gave her no reply, just smiled a frustratingly mysterious smile and flipped open his cell again.

He pressed a speed dial button and the other person picked up immediately. "Valeria, change of plans. Put these coordinates into the Tom Tom." He rhymed off the destination. "We are meeting Darius."

They pulled into the travel inn about thirty minutes later. Eden already had this nervous riot going on in her stomach and her right leg seemed to be bouncing up and down of its own accord. She couldn't remember the last time she'd had cold sweats.

Valeria and Noah pulled up beside them, Val coming to her side as soon as she got out of the car.

"Everything will be fine, Eden. No need to look so worried." Eden barely registered the bright excitement in Val's eyes as she nodded at her mentor before turning to Noah. He locked Eden in with his calm violet gaze and his reassurance made her feel a little better. It was only as they turned to follow Cyrus, Eden realised what she'd done. These past few weeks she'd been pretty good at hating Noah, but clearly turning to him in time of need was an old, subconscious habit she'd have to break.

Cyrus drew them to the reception and over to the elevator. Inside, the four of them stood in a tense silence, only really made tense by Eden's obvious uneasiness. She felt Cyrus squeeze her shoulder as they sidled out of the elevator. Calling herself all kinds of wuss, Eden threw her shoulders back and followed the Ankh determinedly down the hall. Feeling Noah's knowing smile on her, she slowly turned to glare at him, which only made his grin grow wider. Huffing at him, Eden almost missed the charge of electricity that shot through her body. The further down the corridor they travelled, however, the hotter and deeper the vibration became, thrumming through her whole system. She knew it wasn't normal.

"What's going on?" She drew to an abrupt halt, staring at the three of them, trying to mask her sudden fear.

Cyrus nodded. "That would be Darius you are feeling."

What the...?

With no more explanation (not that that had really been one) Cyrus finally came to a stop outside one of the rooms. He knocked on the door, two slow raps and then three short raps. The latch on the door popped but the door itself didn't swing open. It was kind of creepy. And Eden knew a lot about creepy. Bracing herself against the abnormal amount of energy radiating from the room, Eden followed her companions into it. Cyrus shut the door behind him and Eden watched as he then crossed the room to shake hands with its sole occupant. He wasn't what Eden had been expecting. He wasn't as tall as Cyrus, nor Noah. At about 5"10 he should have appeared short next to them. But he didn't. He was a compact man, muscular and powerful looking. What was most striking was the way he moved; his gestures were animalistic and controlled. He was the epitome of strength and grace, and the sheer force of the energy that emanated from him was un-freaking-believable.

As the man shook hands with Noah and then hugged Valeria close, Eden's pulse pounded harder and harder as the monster within whined in irritation. From Darius there was no sense of soul.

Well... not exactly. There was something. Something molten and formidable... not pure... but sparkling with such crystal clarity it was hypnotising. And yet... she did not hunger for whatever it was, which made her question its very property as a soul.

"This must be Eden."

Eyes narrowed, Eden watched as the man approached slowly.

"Eden." Cyrus strolled over to them as they eyed one another. "This is Darius." Minding her manners, Eden stuck out a hand. "Pleased to meet you, sir." Darius' full mouth quirked up at the corner and his black eyes sought Cyrus. Those eyes gave nothing away, almost as blank as that of a soul eater. He took her hand and Eden was almost blown off her feet by his power.

"What the-"

"Eden," Cyrus interjected before she could say anything that would be construed as rude. "Darius wanted to meet with you before the change."

"I see." I really don't.

"Come," Darius commanded in his deep voice, gesturing to the dining table at the window that overlooked the freeway - or motorway, as the Brits called it. "Let's sit." As Eden took a seat, ignoring the heat of Noah's body so close to hers as he sat in the chair beside her, she studied Darius. Like Cyrus he only appeared to be in his early thirties but Eden didn't think he was as handsome as Cyrus. There was something too austere about his hawk-like features to label him handsome... but his dark skin and eyes were just as exotic. And Eden had to admit Darius' was a face you felt compelled to stare at.

"I hear you have had a difficult time, Eden," he began.

She shrugged but cleared her throat when Noah elbowed her, reminding her who she was speaking to. "Uh, yeah, I guess."

"You lost your family. Your brother."

At the mere mention of Stellan Eden went cold inside. "Yes," she managed through clenched teeth, narrowing her eyes. Suddenly she didn't care who this guy was.

Darius' expression didn't change. He shifted forward, leaning over the table towards her. Eden's eyes flickered down at the movement and caught on the tattoo on the inside of his wrist. The design was a stylised eye that seemed familiar to her. She sifted through her memories trying to place the design. A recollection from when she was little, of Stellan sitting next to her on her bed flicking through pages of a book on Egyptian mythology, flashed across her mind. The eye throbbed black in the memory. That tattoo was definitely Egyptian.

"Stellan."

Eden flinched at the name and looked back up into Darius' face.

"That was your brother's name, was it not?"

"Yes."

"Do you miss him?"

Heart pounding like crazy now, Eden's rage fought the effects of the drug Cyrus had given her, waking up her hunger. Noah's soul, the one that had always tormented her most, reached out to her with warm fingers.

Take it, Eden. Take it. Take it for Stellan.

No, she shook her head, curling her toes inside her boots. She shoved back from the table, away from Noah and the others and glared at this man who seemed to be deliberately baiting her. "What kind of question is that?" she snapped.

"Eden," Cyrus warned.

She glared at him, her eyes saying, 'I knew it. I knew you weren't to be trusted.' "What is this?" She eyed them all suspiciously.

"Eden." Noah reached for her, as if to calm her, and she slapped his arm away, jerking to her feet.

"Just answer the question," Darius' voice rumbled through her. Just as she imagined compulsion must work, Eden knew she'd answer.

"Yes," she hissed. "I miss him."

"How much?"

"What-"

"Answer."

Trembling now, feeling ambushed, Eden felt angry tears prick her eyes.

Want their souls. The Hunger purred. Want. Take. It roared now in fury. TAKE!

Shuddering at the need inside her, a need that hadn't been so strong since she'd begun taking the drug, Eden dropped her eyes and bit her hands into the edge of the table. She could feel their gazes burning into her. She knew her eyes had bled white; they knew her hunger was trying to take control of her.

"It's like someone has cut off my arm," she snarled in a voice that was barely recognisable. "I keep expecting him to bound through the door, or send me a funny text. I dream he's still alive. And when I wake up, the agony is... The days when I feel numb are better. Hard. And numb. I can live with that."

They were all quiet. That hushed kind of quiet. It was the first time she'd ever vocalised the depth of her despair over losing Stellan. She knew they didn't understand. How could she possibly love a soul eater? Was this Darius' test? Had he decided her love for her brother made her unworthy?"

"Do you want vengeance for his death?"

"Yes!" she snapped, her eyes burning now. She glanced down at Noah who refused to look away.

His girlfriend, a Warrior of Neith called Romany, had killed Stellan. She knew now that Romany and Noah had split up. Valeria had cracked a joke about it on the plane just before they landed. An awkward ten minutes had followed as she realised mentioning Romany in any capacity was a bad idea. "I want vengeance."

"Will you take that vengeance?"

Somehow, she knew this ancient warrior would know if she lied. Holding his gaze determinedly, the hunger mistook her meaning, roaring in triumph as she replied, "If I ever see her again, I will kill her."

Darius nodded. His complete lack of expression was frustrating as all hell. Still trembling, Eden waited, aware of some kind of deliberation going on inside his head.

"Noah." Darius didn't break eye contact with her. "Please take Eden out to the car. Cyrus and Valeria will join you soon."

"Of course. It was a pleasure seeing you again, Darius."

"And you as well."

Completely dazed by her abrupt dismissal, Eden numbly followed Noah out of the motel room and down the corridor. She was so out of it, the proprietary touch of his hand on her back, leading her into the elevator, barely made a blip on her radar.

It wasn't until they were outside at the cars, drawing in the cool fresh air, that Noah stopped them.

He pressed her back against the car, holding her gaze, trying to nudge her out of her mind melt.

"Eden."

She shook her head. "Go away."

"Look, I know you don't want me to talk to you ever again, blah de blah blah blah," he snapped,

"but let me at least put you at ease." She found it highly doubtful he could ever do that and she made sure her expression said so. "The questions about Stellan..." he trailed off as she stiffened. He exhaled and turned, leaning against the car, the side of his body pressed against hers. "It wasn't about judging you. It was about determining the depth of your human emotions even with your soul eater half intact."

Noah's words relaxed her a little. "You mean it was a good thing?"

"Yeah."

"Oh."

He nudged her again and she felt him grin. "But you know what? It wouldn't have mattered anyway what he thought. Cyrus is doing this with or without Darius' approval."

"I find that hard to believe."

"Don't."

"But I thought Darius was Cyrus' superior?"

"He's older than him. And he's stronger. A lot stronger. But they're friends, not master and subordinate."

"Oh."

They were quiet a moment as a car pulled in next to them and a couple got out. Eden's ears rang with their musical accents, some words she totally understood, others well... But it wasn't the accent that got her. It was the strength of her need for their souls. The further they drew away from them, the hunger lessened. Eden swore under her breath.

"What?" Noah frowned, worry creasing his brows.

She scowled at his concern. "Darius woke up the beast. Do you think it's safe to take another dose?"

Noah shrugged. "I suppose not."

"What the hell is he anyway?" she griped. "I mean that energy... Jesus Christ, I've never felt anything like that in my life before." When he smirked, she exhaled wearily. "OK, just tell me, 'cause I'm sick of the whole cloak and dagger crap."

"Fine." Noah grabbed her arm and opened the passenger side door of Cyrus' car. "Get in."

"Why?"

"Privacy."

Not really wanting anything that amounted to privacy with Noah but too damn curious for her own good, Eden did as she was told. She waited impatiently for Noah to get into the car and then turned to him in exasperation. "Well?"

"Well," he began, "Darius is kind of different from us."

"Like how?"

He smirked again. That smirk was really starting to drive her crazy. "There are some people who believe what I'm about to tell you is a legend. Others even believe Darius is dead because he's like a ghost among us..."

"And the truth?"

"What they believe is legend is actually true."

"And what is that exactly, Mr 'Don't I know how to drag out a conversation with an unwilling participant'?"

Ignoring her, Noah looked out of the window and up at the travel inn as if searching out the window of the room Darius occupied. "No one knows just how old Darius is exactly. What we do know is that he was the first of us and because of it very, very favoured among the gods." His words quite literally carried weight, crushing in on the car and eating up oxygen. That strange and abrupt change in atmosphere convinced Eden that what Noah was telling her was the truth. "Did you see the tattoo on Darius' wrist?"

"Yeah."

"That's a wedjat. The Eye of Horus. Horus thinks of Darius as a brother in arms-"

"Wait, who is Horus again?" She tried not blush at her total lack of Egyptian mythology (or not so mythological) knowledge.

Noah frowned at her. "Horus is the god of the sky. He's also the god of war and the son of Isis and Osiris."

"Oh, Osiris is the god of the dead right?"

He didn't look nearly as impressed with her knowledge as she felt. "Right. And Isis is the goddess of life, protector of the dead... She's... like Mother Nature."

"OK."

"All three of them favour Darius."

Eden's eyes widened. "All three of them?"

"Yes." Noah looked just as awed as she was feeling. "I don't know exactly what that means but I've heard things."

"What kind of things?"

He shrugged. "Words such as 'god-like' have been thrown about." Her jaw dropped. "Darius is a god?!"

"I said god-like. God-like. Not a god. But let's just say I wouldn't want to piss him off." Shimmying in her seat, Eden followed Noah's gaze out of the window and upwards. "Why, if he's so totally powerful - and believe me, after what I experienced in there, I am not questioning that - is he not Princeps?"

Noah grabbed the door handle, his eyes going to the entrance of the travel inn. "He's kind of a recluse. Doesn't like the politics. He just wants to kill soul eaters." Eden turned around and saw Cyrus and Valeria walking towards them. Noah slid out of the driver's seat but before he shut the door Eden called out to him.

"What?" He ducked his head back in.

Keeping her expression blank and her tone cold, she said, "This conversation doesn't constitute friendship, Noah. I still hate you."

His own pale eyes flashed. "Yeah, like I ever believed otherwise." He slammed the door hard and she heard Valeria admonishing him. Cyrus, as per usual, calmly told Valeria to back off.

He was always taking Noah's side!

Cyrus got into the car just in time to hear her grumbling under her breath like a six year old. "Why are you sullen? That went well."

"It did? Gee, how did I ever interpret it differently?"

Her guardian rolled his eyes and drew on his seatbelt. "Sarcasm is unattractive."

"So are ambush tactics on unsuspecting victims," she argued.

"You were not ambushed. You were assessed."

Eden snorted. "Well did I meet his highness' exacting standards?"

"Eden," Cyrus warned, stretching his arm across the back of her seat as he twisted his neck around to see out the back window as he reversed out of the parking space. The move also served to make her feel crowded and intimidated. "I will only put up with so much. Darius is a friend and someone to be respected and yes... feared. Do not speak of him in such a disrespectful manner." Feeling somewhat cowed by his rational and calm tone Eden glanced away from him. "Sorry."

"Apology accepted. And yes. You met Darius' approval. Not that you needed it." She looked back up at him, trying to keep the hopeful look out of her eyes and failing. He smiled softly at her and for the first time ever she felt the presence of a father figure who might actually really care.

The hunger growled in her chest. You can't trust him, Eden. He's one of them.

She winced and drew in a shuddering breath. "I think I need another dose of the drug." Cyrus leaned over her and flipped open the compartment in the dashboard in front of her. Inside was the familiar syringe and vial. "I thought you might." Somehow... that made her feel a little better.

Chapter Two

Cousin Fortieth Removed

Edinburgh was a hustle and bustle city. But, Eden decided, it was definitely one of a kind. Beyond the constant flow of traffic and a road system she couldn't get her head around, and beyond the colourful people and bohemian chic students, was a fairytale world from ancient times, smacked down in the centre of everything. It was kind of epic.

Cyrus, who had been to Edinburgh more times than he could count, pointed everything out like a seasoned tour guide and Eden drank it all in, excited and amazed. They drove onto Princes Street, which Cyrus told her was really famous for its stores. The castle was at the other end on the west side. Eden was desperate to see it. But because of the road system, Cyrus turned left at the famous Balmoral hotel, an exquisite Victorian building with a gothic clock tower.

"The Balmoral Hotel was once called The North British Hotel built for North British Railway.

Traditionally, the clock is set two minutes fast, so that travellers make their train on time at the Waverley train station below us."

"Cool." Eden smiled, as they drove over a long bridge. "Whoa." Her eyes widened as she gazed to her left. "Do the Greeks know Scotland stole stuff?"

Cyrus smiled. "Calton Hill. That is the National Monument, built as a memorial to those who died fighting in the Napoleonic Wars. It is modelled on the Parthenon but they ran out of money when they started building back in the late nineteenth century, and still it remains incomplete."

"Yeah, getting that. What about all the stuff in front of it?" Her guardian snorted, she was guessing at her use of the word 'stuff'. "Other monuments. What is left of the old Calton Jail..." He drifted off as buildings obscured their view. The traffic lights turned to red giving Eden some time to look around. She wasn't familiar with most of the store names. She gazed at people in line at a bank, others in an Italian restaurant on the corner, others coming out of a hotel, and some brave folks dashing across a cobbled street, trying to beat the bus coming straight for them.

"It smells different here."

"What does it smell like?"

"Warm?" She shrugged. "Exciting. It's old... but new. There's something kind of comforting in that. And I know those technically aren't scents but... I don't know..."

"I think I understand." Cyrus smiled again and moved the car forward as the lights changed. "That road is The Royal Mile. I will take you down here once we are settled." Eden craned to have a look but the traffic was moving too fast. The buildings in Edinburgh were all old: Georgian, Victorian, pre-War. Some retailers she recognised, others not so much. Some were like market stalls made into stores, creating a kind of hodgepodge of classic elegance and quirky tourism. There seemed to be a ton of college types hanging around, and as Cyrus manoeuvred them through streets that seemed to blur together, he pointed out the University of Edinburgh.

"Student central," he explained.

Eden barely got a chance to take in the courtyard that shared the same paradox as the rest of the city. With two beautiful old buildings overlooking it and then a kind of dingy late 20th century-looking building on the far left it was certainly different that was for sure. They swept around it, and as they followed the road she could see the back of the main campus. There was a huge building of modern architecture and further up buildings of mid-to-late twentieth century design, including a towering building that Eden, if she were human, would have hated to have classes in. She'd be dead by the time she reached the top. She drank in as much of the city in as possible, listening to Cyrus'

soothing voice. But the closer they drew to their destination - some place called Morningside - the more nervous Eden grew, and the more the city began to lose its lustre.

"No need to be anxious, Eden."

"Yeah. I just... this is it... you know."

"I know."

They seemed to be driving out of the somewhat frantic buzz of the city centre and into a quieter area of Edinburgh. It looked mostly the same; there just weren't as many pedestrians, although the traffic flow never stopped. Finally they turned down a side street off the main street, passed an old art deco theatre that caught Eden's eye, and came to a stop in a marked parking space outside a row of houses. Beautiful houses. Not huge, but they definitely had a sense of grandeur about them. A large black door with a gothic brass knocker drew Eden's attention to a house on their right. It swung open and a tall guy in jeans and a plain t-shirt stepped out, his shoulders straight, his eyes casting around the street before settling on Valeria's Volvo as she pulled in, in front of Cyrus.

"Who's that?" Eden asked softly.

"That is Neil McLeish. The Scottish Neith Councilman."

"I didn't know we were meeting him."

"The family of Merrit's bloodline live on the same street. It would have been unavoidable and not to mention rude of me not to make my presence known to Neil. This is his territory." Cyrus unclipped his seat belt and Eden followed suit, trying to still the trembling in her fingers.

"Technically, I thought this was your territory?"

He threw her an arrogant smile. "Technically."

Laughing, she got out of the car only to come face to face with Noah. Her smile dropped abruptly, and in response he glowered. She found it hard to believe Noah was seventy years old. He was such a child sometimes. No wonder he was so good at his high school assignment. Manipulative creep.

Noah strolled by her to fall into step with Cyrus. At the top of the stone steps they greeted McLeish. Valeria smiled reassuringly at her and nudged her forward. "This is just a formality," she murmured.

"Is... are my mother's bloodline in there?"

"I assume so."

She drew in a couple of calming breaths, glad that she had just administered a dose of the drug. It was helping. She just hoped to god her eyes didn't bleed white. Her mother's family would want nothing to do with her if that happened.

"Eden," Cyrus called to her and she picked up her pace, reminding herself she wasn't a coward and that this was her only shot. As soon as she reached the top of the stairs Eden's eyes met McLeish's. She knew instantly that this wasn't going to be easy. His blue eyes were dark with scepticism and wariness, and the clench of his jaw gave away his unhappiness with the 'situation'

presented before him.

"Neil, this is my daughter, Eden," Cyrus introduced her. Eden nearly fell off the steps but, knowing Cyrus approved of poise, she quickly schooled her features, trying to master her surprise over his announcement. Cyrus was introducing her as his daughter??

His daughter?

That little girl inside of her who had dreamed of a father who read bedtime stories, and sheltered her from the evil deeds of the world, wanted to reach out and grab hold of the connection he had declared and never, ever let go. But the little girl who had grown up with a father who murdered people in their basement shuddered with fear and shooed the hope away with a scowl.

McLeish didn't seem surprised by Cyrus' claim which made Eden wonder if Cyrus had already proclaimed her his kin prior to their arrival. "Miss Winslow." He nodded.

"MacDouglas."

"Sorry?" McLeish frowned at Cyrus' interruption.

"Miss MacDouglas. I have had her name changed to Merrit's surname." Well that was the first she had heard about it. To hell with poise! Eden threw him a disbelieving look, ignoring Noah's huff of disguised laughter behind her. He knew her too well, knew she was not amused at having been manhandled out of her surname. It wasn't like she had any great attachment to it or anything but still... he could have told her before he told this guy! She crossed her arms over her chest defensively. "Thanks for the heads up."

Clearly well into his post-ironic phase, Cyrus ignored her sarcasm. "You are welcome." When Noah coughed to cover another laugh, Eden threw her elbow out, catching him in the gut and winding him. At his 'oof', McLeish frowned at the byplay.

Cyrus sighed. "Children."

"Hmm."

"Well, Neil, are you going to leave the Princeps standing on your doorstep all day?" Valeria snapped, and that wicked part of Eden enjoyed the flush across the crest of McLeish's cheeks at Val's admonishment. So far she didn't like this guy, mostly because he clearly had a problem with her.

McLeish stepped aside and held his hand out for them to enter. "I beg your pardon." OK. So maybe she liked his cool accent.

There was a strong floral scent in the open hallway of the house and as her eyes took in the coats on the coat rack, the jumble of shoes below, the blue bicycle in the corner, a dirty soccer ball, she surmised that McLeish had a family. Hushed whispering from her left drew her attention, as well as Cyrus', and she followed her guardian into the room, Noah, Valeria and McLeish at their backs.

The sitting room was a good size, but all the people in it made it seem tiny. Their souls filled the space, their essence beguiling and warm, causing saliva to build up under Eden's tongue. Thankfully, Cyrus distracted her by spinning around to glare at McLeish. The Neith straightened his shoulders at the look, trying to appear un-intimidated. Eden waited, holding her breath, wondering what on earth had set Cyrus off.

"I believe I told you that Eden's existence and presence in Scotland was to be kept quiet."

"You told me to tell only those I trust. This is my family, Princeps, and Eden's. I trust everyone in this room." His eyes flicked to Eden and she read in them the words he hadn't said out loud, 'Except this one'.

Cyrus caught the look and bristled, turning to face the group of fifteen, sixteen people staring at them. The strength and power that emanated from Cyrus pulsed more vibrantly and she knew he was doing it deliberately. The faces before them grew awed. "I greatly dislike beginning introductions with a warning, but unfortunately for the safety of my daughter and the warriors protecting her, I must. If any of you breathe word of Eden's true presence here, indeed of her true existence, I will hunt you down and you will pay the ultimate price for your treachery. Do you understand me?" The rumbled warning was received with hurried 'Yes, Princeps,' while their eyes sought Eden, desperate to determine what all the fuss was about. She felt her cheeks flush and tried not to squirm.

She suddenly wished she'd had time to change into a clean shirt or something.

"Good." Cyrus nodded, satisfied he had put the fear of the gods into them. "Now on to the pleasantries. I am pleased to meet all of you and I thank you for graciously opening your homes to us, and for giving us your time. This," he turned now to Eden, "is my daughter, Eden MacDouglas. As you are aware, Eden is here to become Ankh, and to seek aid from her mother's mortal family. We thank you in advance for that aid." He looked beyond Eden now. "With me is Valeria of Corsica-Well that's a new one, Eden gave her a bemused questioning smile that Valeria returned with a wink. Suddenly Eden wondered what Cyrus was? Cyrus of...

"Who, I'm sure you know, is of The Circle, and Noah Valois, Alain Valois' son and Eden's escort."

What?? Noah was her what? She scowled at him and he winked at her too. I'm gonna punch you, Valois. She tried to telepath the threat, and he seemed to get it because his mouth widened into a mischievous grin.

McLeish strode past them to stand before the group. "Princeps, I'd like to introduce you to my wife, Carol, and my two sons, James and Ryan." Eden tried not to flinch at the name. Instead she watched as Cyrus graciously shook the hands of McLeish's short but strong-looking wife and their two teenage sons. As Eden's eyes wandered, she felt the potent strength of this collective. They were all athletic-looking, capable, their eyes intelligent, from young to old. "This is my sister, Mary." McLeish pulled an attractive looking woman forward from the group, as well as a young man perhaps a little older than Eden. "And my nephew, Cameron." Mary smiled brightly at Cyrus, blushing a little as she took his hand. Eden smirked. Since she saw him as a father figure she tended to see Cyrus' attractiveness as a fact rather than an affect. The Neith woman did not. To Eden's surprise, Mary also reached for Eden's hand. "Pleased to meet you, Eden," she greeted her, all friendly and smiles. Bemused, Eden shook her hand.

Taking his mother's cue, Cameron first shook Cyrus' hand and then smiled warmly at Eden, taking her hand rather than waiting for her to extend it. He grinned down at her. "Nice to meet you, Eden."

His lilting accent made her smile. "And you."

"Uncle Neil tells me you'll be training here. I'd be happy to assist." His grin turned wicked and his green eyes sparkled playfully.

Eden laughed inwardly, grateful to this boy, whose flirtatiousness made her feel less of a freak.

"I'd like that."

Cyrus nodded approvingly at Mary and Cameron as they backed away after greeting Val and Noah, pleased with their more than friendly response, especially in contrast to the Councilman's. Neil frowned at his sister, who shot him a look. Eden decided right there and then that she liked Mary immensely. There was something defiant in her body language when faced with her big brother that appealed to Eden.

Clearing his throat, McLeish introduced more of his family, cousins and two men from his council he considered brothers: John MacDonald and Richard Liddle. Both men appraised Eden in the exact same manner McLeish had. Their obvious contention was making Eden more than a little uneasy. As if sensing it, a throb of energy hummed out into the room from Cyrus' direction and the group grew more hushed and reverent. Liddle dropped his gaze, the gaze that had been boring into Eden with suspicion. Understanding dawned on the group and from then on their greetings were warmer, like Mary's and Cameron's.

And then finally... what Eden had been waiting for.

She was introduced to Merrit's bloodline. As a group, it was a small one. Only four of them remaining.

Before McLeish could do the introductions, a broad-shouldered dark-haired man of average height strode forward to grasp Cyrus' hand. He looked somewhere in his forties and had a strong face and body; his eyes were sharp and intelligent, and there was an aura of safety and calm about him.

"Princeps, it is an honour to meet you. I'm Christopher Douglas, and we're pleased to be of any help that we can be with your daughter's situation."

She knew by the relaxing of Cyrus' body that her guardian liked this man immediately. Eden understood. Call it intuition but there was something innately honourable about him.

Why couldn't he have been the damn Councilman?

"Miss MacDouglas." Christopher was reaching a hand out to her now. "'Tis a pleasure."

"Good to meet you, too." And for once she actually meant it.

Once he was done shaking Val and Noah's hand, Christopher turned and gestured to a willowy woman with blonde hair. "This is my wife, Alison."

Alison was very pretty with golden blonde hair and wide amber eyes. She shook all of their hands, smiling brightly the whole time. Like Christopher, Eden found her presence very soothing.

"And this is our daughter, October," Christopher said softly, nudging a teenage girl forward.

October had her father's colouring. In fact... she looked a little like Eden with her midnight hair and tip-tilted eyes. When she grinned, it was a sharp smile with attitude and confidence.

When she grinned she and Eden looked like family. There was no questioning it.

October blushed when Cyrus shook her hand and it diminished her bravado a little. However, it came back in full force as soon as she turned in Eden's direction. October walked over to her, eyeing her, a pleased quirk on her lips. Unlike Eden, October's hair was cut sleek and short to suit her delicate features. She was dressed in tight black jeans with a neon pink belt and neon pink Converse.

Her tight black t-shirt had the words ' Born This Way' scrawled across the chest. Eden smirked back at October as she drew to a stop in front of her. They were almost the same height.

"Hi." October nodded casually, appraising Eden. "I like your shirt. Didn't know they were big in the US."

Eden glanced down at it. It was the Biffy Clyro shirt she'd bought off eBay. "Uh, well they are with me."

The girl nodded again. "Cool. You like The Kooks?"

"Never listened to 'em."

"Oh, well I've got their albums. You should have a listen."

"Sure, I'll check them out."

"Cool. You're sharing my room anyway, so... cool."

"Cool."

Christopher cleared his throat, "I think we've established that everything is cool. October, let your nana meet Eden."

October stood back and Eden turned as an older Neith stepped forward. She held herself regally, her hand clasped around an elegant cane. Her white hair was cut fashionably short, and her ocean-coloured eyes were amazingly bright and alert. Eden knew who this was. This was Mhairi Douglas -

not Mary like Eden had thought when she saw her name written down on Cyrus' notes. It was pronounced Vari - the Celts really liked to complicate life when it came to spelling and pronunciation. Mhairi was the eldest living member of the Douglas' and the one who would be donating her blood to Eden's cause. Unbelievably, Eden had been informed that Mhairi was eighty-eight years old. She didn't look a day over sixty. But her age explained the cane. Neith were very resilient and healthful people. You had to be hitting the really elderly age bracket to be walking with a cane.

"Well let's have a look at you." Mhairi peered at her, those incredibly lively eyes running the length of her. She huffed as if disbelieving and turned to Cyrus. "You're right, Princeps. This has to be one o' mine. The hair, the skin, the shape o' the eyes. Definitely one o' mine. The surname fits.

Do you know I rather envy you it. Our family dropped the prefix Mac a few centuries ago when one o' my great-great grandfathers married a Sassenach and she convinced him Douglas was more civilised sounding than MacDouglas. "

What was a Sassenach?

"An Englishman," Noah murmured in her ear, and she ignored the shiver that cascaded down her spine at the feel of his breath on her neck. She twisted around to frown at him. OK, she knew he was good at reading her, but how could he possibly read her when her back was to him?

"I could have changed it I suppose but I was too busy hunting, unlike my lazy ancestor.

Fortunately his son was a magnificent hunter and got our family legacy back on track. He had your colouring. Yes, aye," she turned to Cyrus, "This one is definitely one o' mine." He nodded. "Thank you for doing this Ms Douglas."

"Please call me Mhairi." She shooed away his formality. "And I'm happy to do it. It's a nice change o' pace in fact." Mhairi grinned at Eden. "The first time in this long life o' mine that I'll be getting rid o' a soul eater without killing the bugger."

Eden frowned. "Am I the bugger in that sentence?"

The old woman chuckled. "Only for the next twenty four hours." She turned back to Cyrus. "Shall we begin?"

"Already?" Eden squeaked. She started to lose control of her heart rate. She hadn't realised this would be happening so soon.

Cyrus nodded and she felt Val squeeze her hand. "We should get it over with, Eden." She gulped and glanced back up into Mhairi's eyes. "Are you sure you're OK to do this?"

"I can get by without a pint o' blood, don't you be worrying about that." Suddenly the room felt very warm as the hunger realised death was imminent. It burst into flames inside of her and began screaming at all those souls so close.

So close. Take. Need. Want. No! Take. Need. Need. NEED!

She shuddered and clutched harder to Val's hand. "OK. Then let's do this." Chapter Three

Leaving Your Ass

in the Dust

The Douglas' bathroom was a good size but it felt seriously diminished by the number of people inside of it.

Eden looked around at them with narrowed eyes, her teeth grinding together. She couldn't believe she was going to have to do this in front of them. Was it really necessary? They were asking her to put someone else's blood into her. Actual human blood?! And there was to be witnesses to this weirdness?

Valeria knelt beside Mhairi Douglas, a needle, tube and blood bag in hand. "Are you ready?" she asked the older woman quietly.

Mhairi gazed at Eden and her eyes sharpened. She tutted and turned to look up at the gathering.

"No one needs to see the girl do this."

There was grumbling as Eden nodded gratefully, still too anxious to offer a smile of gratitude.

"Mhairi is correct. We will leave them in Valeria's capable hands." Cyrus began ushering them out. Noah was the last to leave. He stared down at Eden stonily, her skin prickling under his gaze.

Unwillingly, she lifted her chin to meet his suddenly expressive eyes. I can stay if you need me, they said.

A few weeks ago Eden would have jumped on the unspoken offer. She would have tugged on his hand and brought him down on the cold tile beside her and shimmied into his side to collect the warmth of his comforting nearness. But now, despite his continued attempts to 'be there for her', she was unsure of him. Was he just following orders still? She hated him for that, because not too long ago he had been the one thing in her life she was utterly sure about. Losing something like that was almost as bad as death taking it from you.

The pain of Noah's betrayal sliced through her as it always did when she allowed herself time to dwell on it.

I'll never need you again.

Noah flinched at the message in her eyes and allowed Cyrus to guide him from the room. The sight of her guardian leaving caused a knot of panic in her chest. "Cyrus!" She called out.

He stopped abruptly, his brow furrowing. "Yes?"

Eden felt silly all of a sudden. Would he laugh at her? Think her a child?

"Eden?"

She bit her lip and caught Valeria's look. It was kind and understanding. Val nodded as if telling Eden to ask for what she wanted. With a heavy sigh, Eden shrugged. "Will you stay?" His eyes softened, something they hardly ever did, although they certainly did around Eden, which was in itself a small, special comfort to her. "Of course, if you would like me to."

"Yes."

The door shut quietly and Cyrus slid down it to sit on the floor, his eyes on Mhairi and Eden as he relaxed against the door.

"Well, is someone going to stick that needle in me before my arse falls asleep?" Mhairi grunted.

Cyrus sighed. "Definitely Merrit's family."

Eden grinned at that, suddenly feeling a sharp pang of longing for the mother she had never known. If she were anything like Mhairi she must have been quite the character.

It took a few minutes for Valeria to draw the pint of blood from the older woman. Once she was done, she wiped at the needle puncture gently and helped Mhairi rest against the bath, handing her some sweet lemonade.

Eden eyed the bag of blood and her stomach turned.

Oh god, I can't do this. I can't do this.

Don't! The hunger growled . Don't. Just smell that soul. So much better than the blood. Take.

Want. Need.

One of Mhairi's eyes popped open. "I can get up and leave if you don't want me watching your transition."

Mhairi was looking a little pale and shaky. It would be selfish to ask her to leave. "No, it's fine.

It's not so much you watching, it's the actual... transition." The four of them were silent as Eden's eyes bored into the bag. Her legs began to grow numb, so she shifted, her palm taking her weight on the tiles. She slanted her gaze, staring at Cyrus out of the corner of her eye. "How does this work again?"

"Valeria will give you the transfusion. You will convulse. You will pass out. You will awaken in approximately twenty four hours completely free of the soul eater." That, she liked the sound of. The transfusion and convulsing part, not so much. Eden looked to Valeria now for answers. She couldn't ask her outright if it would hurt or not because Mhairi couldn't know what Valeria was. Damn it, why didn't I ask her this sooner?? She cleared her throat. "I wonder if it'll hurt."

The Ankh immediately understood and nodded. "I imagine it will." Valeria exhaled and leaned back against the bath beside Mhairi, her eyes pleading with Eden not to be afraid. "I imagine that changing the mechanics of your body will be painful. Perhaps a burning sensation. Muscle pain.

Sharp, needle-like qualities in your bones. I imagine also your heart will feel as if it is going to burst out of your chest as it pumps the new blood into your system."

"Good imagination," Mhairi mumbled. "Are you trying to frighten the girl?"

"I am trying to prepare her."

Everything Val had described sounded awful. But hadn't she been through much worse? Was the physical pain really as bad as the emotional crap she had been through? As bad as the hunger??

Somehow, I don't think so.

"OK." Eden shrugged back her shoulders and stuck out an arm. "Let's do this."

*

The prick of the needle had been nothing. A sting. The sitting, waiting for the convulsions had been somewhat excruciating.

But this...

The actual convulsions...

Eden wasn't even aware of where she was anymore. She didn't know what she was doing, how she'd gotten there, who the murmuring voices around her belonged to. All she saw was pure blinding white. All she felt was pure, burning pain. A white heat. Ice cold in its intensity. It ripped and clawed and gripped her muscles, twisting this way and that. It gnawed, scratched and stuck needles into her bones. It taunted her heart, which raced faster and harder, galloping against her chest as if desperate to be anywhere but inside her.

I'm desperate to be anywhere but inside me.

Pain thudded, thud thud thud, against the back of her head and her teeth rattled in her mouth. She couldn't even scream. She could only exist as her body took over and...

... died...

Chapter Four

The Dead Look

Noah stared at Eden in disbelief. There was a sick churning in his stomach and tightness in his chest that he refused to believe was panic. Trying not to tremble, Noah dropped Eden's limp wrist.

Her pulseless limp wrist.

Staggering back from the bed he attempted to drag his eyes from the sight of her deathly pale face.

It no longer looked human. There was no expression in her features. No life.

Feeling an overwhelming rush of anger Noah whirled around to glare at Valeria, even though Cyrus stood right next to her. They were alone in October's bedroom. The walls were painted a ridiculous lemon yellow, the mass of it broken up with delicate paintings of flowers that had been stencilled to simulate a border along the walls. Plastering the walls were posters of rock bands and vampires, and (Noah had barely refrained from rolling his eyes when he first saw them) fan pics of Robert Pattinson, the poster child for vampire romanticism. When Noah had first seen the room he'd thought it funny that the owner, with all her attitude and warrior blood, was a fan of supernatural lore.

You'd think living it would be enough to cure you of any fascination or need for paranormal escapism.

But right now his unease wasn't over the nauseatingly girly bedroom. It was brought on by the truth that had been withheld from him.

Eden was dead.

"Why the hell didn't you tell me she was going to die?!" he seethed, careful to keep his anger directed at Valeria and not his Princeps.

Cyrus answered anyway and in that infuriatingly calm way of his. "We did not want to upset Eden and frighten her. We know she is coming back from this but she might not have trusted us. And you... you are too close. You would have fought us on this and made the situation worse." Noah's blood boiled, his lungs working overtime to unknot the tension in his chest. "Of course I would have. If she doesn't come back from this..." he trailed off, unable to even think of a world without Eden in it. Even when she was being pissy and angry at him, it was OK. As long as he knew she was alright, he could handle the pissy, furious Eden. Because as long as she was alright there was always hope that one day she'd forgive him and they would be able to start over again. "What if she doesn't come back from this?"

Cyrus looked somewhat sympathetic. Valeria, on the other hand, showed her age. She had no patience for being questioned, especially by someone much younger. In fact, most of The Circle were impatient when questioned. They had amazing patience when it came to everything else but every single one of them was a know-it-all. Mix that up with centuries of dealing with people and emotions, they were somewhat... desensitized. Yeah, that was it. The Circle definitely weren't the most sensitive Ankh. Cyrus was different, as was Noah's own parents. Noah's dad said Cyrus changed centuries ago when he met Merrit. She softened him, made him remember how to be human again.

They'd loved one another for almost an entire millennium. It was rare for Ankh to find an immortal beloved as Noah's parents had and he couldn't even comprehend how devastating it was for Cyrus to lose Merrit. That's why he understood Cyrus' tight hold on what was left of her.

Eden.

He understood that all too well. Eden had a way of crawling inside; even demolishing the defences of a young Ankh who swore he had no time for friends or a relationship other than the one he had with his parents.

Noah dropped his head, drawing in a deep breath, hating the sense of emptiness he felt from behind him on the queen-sized bed.

"I think I would know if this will work or not, Noah Valois," Valeria snapped, crossing her arms over her chest. "I was Unforeseen. I did die. I did come back Ankh. Trust me. And if not me, then your Princeps."

"The process is a rebirth, Noah," Cyrus tried to explain. "She has to die in order to kill the soul eater inside. The Neith blood keeps the Ankh on the precipice between life and death, until it works its way into her entire system, and finally into her heart. She will be in a lot of pain when her heart starts again. We must watch over her vigilantly until she awakens." At that precise moment Noah's cell buzzed in his pocket. Sighing, he reached in and flipped it open.

You haven't called. Did you get there safely? Call me immediately. Mom x If he called his mother she'd have him on the phone for ages and he didn't have the time right now. His fingers flew over the buttons.

We got here safely. Can't talk right now. Eden needs me. N

After pressing send he shut the cell off. His parents would have to wait. They were the most important people in his life... but Eden had joined those ranks. And right now, even if she didn't want him there, he was putting her first.

Noah dragged October's computer chair over to the bedside and pressed his fingers to Eden's cold, dead hand. A shudder of fear ran through him and he refused to look up at his superiors in case they saw the emotion the Ankh tried desperately to hide from one another.

"Noah, I will sit with her," Valeria said, taking a few steps towards him.

He shook his head. "No, it's fine."

"I am not asking-" she was cut off as Cyrus wrapped a hand around her upper arm, drawing her back.

"Leave him," he instructed softly.

Chancing discovery, Noah met his Princeps eyes.

Cyrus knew.

A deep sigh opened up inside him and he felt his cheeks flush even though he knew they remained the exact same colour on the outside. There may be no visible sign of embarrassment on his face but he was embarrassed. He felt like an eighteen year old boy who'd just been caught declaring mushy love to a girl in front of his hero, the coolest guy at school.

Cyrus didn't look disapproving, however. He was calm. Understanding. He drew Valeria away and out of the room, closing the door softly behind them, leaving Noah and Eden alone.

Noah's eyes wandered over her face. He cursed under his breath. He couldn't wait for the change to happen. Seeing her like this...

That pang sliced through his chest again.

It occurred to him as he sat there watching and waiting for signs of life, that Cyrus had left Noah alone with the one thing the Princeps held most precious. And he knew how Noah felt about her.

He gave a huff of morbid laughter and sat back.

Cyrus of Persepolis liked and respected him.

If only he could get his adopted daughter to do the same once she was reborn.

Chapter Five

New Eyes

The pain was excruciating, as if someone had cut into her chest, ripped her rib cage open, and was having difficulty tearing her heart out. Her entire body was lit with the agony, each nerve ending burning and lighting her very flesh with the flame. Sounds - inhuman, animal sounds - echoed all around her, and she begged, begged for it to stop. And then she realised... the sounds were coming from her. Hollowed shrieking. An outlet for the unbearable hurt that had taken her body captive.

Eventually the burning began to throb into a manageable pain and she unclenched her hands and stopped writhing, drawing in huge gulps of air as slowly but surely a soothing balm spread through her, like a breeze blowing in from nowhere on an unbearably hot day. Her breathing slowed and she calmed, barely aware of the relieved tears that leaked out from her closed eyes and slid down her cheeks. She heard whispering but couldn't make out the words.

Panic abruptly seized her.

Who am I?

She frowned into the dark of her mind, searching, searching; desperately seeking.

Who am I?

Where am I?

"Eden..." a soft voice whispered into the air around her.

Eden? Eden...

And then it all came flooding back with the impact of a massive tidal wave, rushing over her and pulling her under. She lost her breath as she remembered Ryan and Celine and Teagan. Stellan. A sharp pain sliced through her chest. Stellan. She'd lost Stellan. No. She didn't want to relive that.

Grief gripped her nonetheless.

Noah. Beautiful Noah who had only pretended. More pain. Why did it feel like so much more. So much deeper.

"Eden?"

That voice. Cyrus. Cyrus! Her anchor. She had Cyrus. Her body calmed at the thought of him, at the thought of the man who would take care of everything. Hadn't he already? What had he done?

Blood. Mhairi. Yes, Mhairi. Mhairi's blood.

Soul eater.

She gasped. There was nothing. She searched deep inside herself, looking for the monster, for the hunger. It was gone.

The hunger was gone!

An intense, painful restlessness burst through her, like blood vessels popping one by one. The hunger was gone but in its place was something new.

Something unexplainable but true.

Something deep and knowing and unbreakable.

Something that felt like... destiny.

She had a destiny now. Her heart began to race as her mind grasped what her soul (her soul, her pure, pure soul that felt light and manageable) was telling her. She had a duty. To protect. To fight.

To hunt. Yes. She was a hunter. Her skin tingled.

I am Ankh.

With that knowledge, a kind of peace settled around her.

The war inside her was over.

*

Another tear escaped, and she felt the brush of a soft finger on her cheek.

"Eden? Can you open your eyes?"

Noah?

"Noah?" She croaked, her throat feeling dry and unused.

"Yes. You're safe. You're OK. Try opening your eyes."

Easier said than done. Her eyes felt as though they had been glued shut. Tentatively, Eden tried, forcing the lids to rise. The light slid inside, blinding her, hurting her, and she made a soft noise, slamming them shut again.

"Eden."

"Cyrus?"

"Yes. I am here. So is Valeria. Open your eyes, Eden. Open." At the sound of his voice Eden smiled inside. She remembered how much she had wanted to trust this man before her transition to Ankh, how her paranoia held her back. That was gone now. There was only the connection to her Princeps and the utmost belief in his sincerity and the promise of safety in his very existence. Relaxing the trembling muscles in her body, Eden cracked her eyes open, letting them water as they adjusted to the light. At last she could make out the room she was in.

Lemon yellow walls, posters and photographs. Robert Pattinson. Wait. What?

A face swung above her drawing her focus away from the many images of the actor on the walls.

Pale violet eyes gazed down at her from a strong face. Beautiful eyes, bewitching even. Strong jaw.

Olive skin. A full lower lip that begged to be kissed. Eden felt a shudder in her chest as her brain caught up with her vision.

Noah.

His eyes were wide on her, his smile tentative. "Eden... Eden your eyes..." She lifted a hand to her face, but it felt heavy and limp. She let it flop back down again. "My eyes...?"

He smiled wider now, the left side of his mouth kicking up higher than the right. "Your eye colour... it's changed."

The breath whooshed out of her body. "What... colour?"

And then Cyrus and Valeria were there too. Val reached for her hand and squeezed. Cyrus stood back and she frowned. He seemed a little sad. "Blue-green," her guardian replied. "Your eyes are blue-green... like your mother's."

***

The mirror hung above the bathroom sink, a magnet for her eyes. Eden squinted them and then widened them, turning her face this way and that, but never looking away from the reflection of her

'new' eyes.

Those aren't my eyes.

Eden huffed for the seventh time and leaned in closer so that her nose touched the cool surface of the mirror. It was weird not seeing the unusual pale grey of her soul eater eyes. When they were grey her dark lashes had made them even more striking. Her lashes didn't look so dark now in contrast to the new colour. Her mother's colour.

They are pretty, she mused, cataloguing the cerulean blue with the gold and green striations.

They're normal. Eden decided they made her look completely different. But it wasn't just the colour.

That hard glimmer was gone. The hungry, feral glint that had made people wary of her had disappeared. She curled her lip. Unfortunately she detected a vulnerability in them now, an uncertainty... and... grief. Her grief for Stellan was now etched into them, straining the corners, and tilting the edges of her mouth. She looked so... human. Eden sighed. Her body didn't feel human though. If it was possible, she now felt stronger than she ever had before. Cyrus and Valeria had made her lie in bed for 24 hours after the change. It was infuriating and frustrating because all Eden wanted to do was stretch her new limbs and give them a try. She was restless for the training Cyrus had promised her; for the info on the soul eaters; for the first taste of a kill.

"They are your eyes, Eden," an amused voice said from behind her, surprising her and causing her to smack her nose off of the mirror. She muttered a curse and leaned back from the mirror so she could see Noah at her back in the reflection. She glared at him. "Still not talking to me, huh?" Eden snorted humourlessly. "What? Did you think I'd wake up and just forget the last six months of your lying and pretending?"

He scowled back at her and she watched warily as he took the few steps forward he needed to be pressed against her back. She stiffened, feeling the heat of him through her shirt and jeans. He stood a few inches above her, the warmth of his breath tickling her neck sending unwanted goosebumps across her skin and a shiver down her back. "I take it they told you, you died?" She wanted to scream at him to back up away from her, to give her room to breathe. But if she did that, he'd know his nearness still affected her. "Yes." She thrust her chin out defiantly. The fact that Cyrus had kept that little fact from her hadn't bothered her nearly as much as she thought it would.

She knew he had done what he thought was best for her, and truthfully, she might have died anyway if he hadn't procured the cure. Scratch that. She would have died. OK, so yeah it was a little creepy that she'd died and come back. But hello! She'd died and come back a super kick ass warrior. Eden wasn't going to argue with that.

Her answer bothered Noah. She watched his jaw clench and his pale violet eyes darken as they scoured her face. "And you're not bothered that they kept that from you?"

"They did what they had to."

He shook his head, his eyes narrowing dangerously. Eden had always thought of Noah as a pretty easy-going guy, but sometimes he got this look on his face that made you want to run for the hills.

With that scary look Noah stretched his arms out to lean his hands on either side of the sink, caging her in. To her chagrin, her heart began racing and pounding, that citrusy scent of his that used to drive her hunger wild, surrounded her and...

Oh my God.

She tried to breathe as the new sensations crept over her. Without the hunger begging for Noah's soul, Eden's body stretched out in freedom, eagerly reacting to what it wanted. And it had always wanted Noah. The hunger had always overpowered desire before now, so the shock of its full intensity made her grit her teeth and lower her eyes. How could she want someone she wanted to kill on a daily basis?!

"So let me get this straight," Noah growled in her ear, making her shudder. "You will forgive Cyrus and Valeria for withholding the very important detail of your inevitable death but you won't forgive me for following orders that Cyrus gave me?" His words helped diminish the strange fluttering in her lower belly his nearness had infuriatingly produced. Eden glanced up into the mirror, catching his exotic gaze in her own very new one. For months she had believed him to be her greatest friend. For months. He destroyed her faith.

When she spoke, her voice was surprisingly calm and toneless. This was another part of being an Ankh she enjoyed. All that seething rage was gone. Well some of it was gone. That which was left she could now manage and control in a way she hadn't been capable of before. "Cyrus didn't make me believe in a friendship that never existed. You went above and beyond your assignment, Noah, you know you did. You drew me in. And it was all pretend, all a lie. And worse... you were the only one who knew how I felt about Stellan... and you let that girl kill him." Perhaps it was the lack of expression in her voice or perhaps just the words, but Noah seemed to feel those cold words all the way down to his feet, causing Eden to pause momentarily. His expression tightened and he stepped back from her, careful not to touch her. "It wasn't pretend. And I had everyone under orders not to kill Stellan. I am truly sorry for what happened to him, Eden."

"How can you be? He was a soul eater."

"He was your brother. And I didn't want you hurt. You can believe that or not, but we are going to be working with each other and you are going to have to start trusting me."

"I don't know if I can do that."

"I'm sorry I hurt you, Eden."

Their gazes caught as Eden's heart jumped at his apology. It was the first time he'd admitted any real wrongdoing and remorse. She didn't say anything, and the longer the silence grew the more she was sure he could hear her heart thudding against the natural acoustics of the bathroom. A strange heat and tension built within the small confines of the room and she remembered a night that seemed a part of another life, when he had stood in a stranger's kitchen, looking at her as if he had never seen her before.

Had that been real?

Was this?

Did it matter?

She sighed and lowered her eyes, breaking the tension. "I'm not ready to forgive." He sighed heavily and turned, reaching for the door handle. "I'm not going anywhere. Take all the time you need. We've got eternity remember."

Chapter Six

All These Things that I've Done

Tears streamed down Eden's face and she curled into October's duvet, rocking back and forth, stuffing the fabric into her mouth to silence her screams. How could it have been possible that only three hours ago she'd been fine? She had stood in that bathroom, confused and wary of Noah, but strong and ready to begin her new life. But as soon as she'd stepped inside the bedroom to run a brush through her hair, to ready herself for dinner with Cyrus and the Douglas', this wall of memories crumbled in around her, each brick a hit of guilt for what she'd allowed her family to do over the years.

She kept hearing the screaming, seeing flashes of the red-headed woman, the eyes of the girl in the basement, condemning her, calling her a coward. She could remember each individual scream that had ever escaped that basement. She could see Lana's face, the college Freshman Stellan had soul-eaten, her blank eyes boring accusingly into her head. The pain wracked her body and she begged for it to all go away. How had she lived with herself all these years? How could she let her family destroy people she was born to protect?

How could she still love and grieve for Stellan when he had been a part of it?

Ah... there was the thorn.

She had changed; she had been reborn an Ankh, and yet she suffered her brother's loss despite his heritage. Despite all he had done, despite they were destined enemies, Eden knew she could never bring herself to erase him from her memory, to delete the text messages on her cell, the only remnants of his existence she had left, never mind delete her love for him. And she knew, despite her soul telling her she was an Ankh, a warrior, a protector... she knew... she knew if she were ever given the chance, she would still take her revenge on Romany for Stellan's death. The thought only made her sob harder, no longer aware of Cyrus who sat in the chair by her bed, or Valeria who awkwardly tried to soothe her, or Noah who stood in the corner of the room, his nails drawing blood from his palms his fists were clenched so tight.

When she hadn't come down for dinner October had come to get her and found her crumpled on the floor, Eden's muffled wailing sending her straight back out the door and downstairs for Cyrus.

Cyrus had lifted her to the bed and tried to ask what was wrong. But she couldn't stop crying. And over the course of the hours as she fell apart, words escaped her, enough of them for her companions to grasp what was happening to her.

Go away. Away. Away. Please.

A secret voice whispered somewhere inside her that the only way to rid herself of the pain was to forgive herself for her past. To seek redemption in her future.

She tried but the guilt was adamantly holding tight.

And finally... her reprieve came not in forgiveness, but sheer exhaustion. Her body let go of the guilt, even if her mind did not, and it sank into a deep sleep, drawing her unwillingly with it.

Noah caught Cyrus' eyes as Eden's hard, wracking sobs finally grew quiet and her body stilled.

Her soft breathing eased some of his tension as she finally fell asleep. He opened his mouth to speak and Cyrus shook his head, standing up and gesturing to the door. He and Valeria followed the Princeps out, unsurprised to find Christopher and October standing in the hallway with curious, pained looks on their faces.

"Is she alright?" Christopher whispered, and Noah read the genuine concern in his eyes. For not the first time since their arrival in Edinburgh, Noah wished Christopher was the Scottish Councilman.

There was something he didn't like or trust about McLeish. For a start he knew the man abhorred the idea of Eden. Cyrus knew it too. They had known it wouldn't be easy bringing her in amongst the Neith, but still it made his blood boil to think of anyone causing her harm, emotional or physical.

Christopher was a different story. All of the Douglas' were, including October. They were amazingly open-minded, and if Noah wasn't wrong, more curious and awed by the idea of Eden than anything else.

Cyrus shook his head, his face calm and expressionless now that he was in company. Only moments before in the bedroom his eyes had been full of impotent pain. "I am afraid Eden is suffering a crisis of conscience about her past."

Noah stiffened, hating her guilt even more as it was admitted out loud. She had nothing to feel guilty for! She had been brave and courageous to get through her life with the Winslows as unscathed as she had.

October frowned. "I'm confused. I thought you said she hadn't done anything. That she wasn't completely awakened."

Her father stiffened at his daughter's informal and challenging tone in front of the Princeps.

"October-"

"It is fine," Cyrus cut off his admonishment and eyed October, who now squirmed under his direct focus. "October, fear not, I did not lie. Eden has done nothing of which to be ashamed.

Unfortunately, now that her Ankh soul has taken hold, she feels all the responsibility and weight of her duty and with it the guilt for having not seen to that duty when her soul eater family committed their crimes."

October screwed up her face. "But it wasn't her fault so what's her problem?" Noah bristled at her attitude. "How would you feel knowing your father was raping and torturing people in your basement and there was not a damn thing you could do about it-"

"Noah." Cyrus touched his arm as October blanched at his forthright and biting retort.

"Is there anything we can do?" Christopher asked quietly.

"You have done so much already, friend. But if I could ask young October to make other sleeping arrangements for tonight."

October nodded, her curious eyes glued to her bedroom door. "Do you think she'll be OK?"

"Yes," Valeria answered with a certainty that eased the tight ache in Noah's chest. "The intensity of it will fade quickly... although I doubt it will ever leave her completely." Surprised, Noah tried to catch the Ankh's gaze but she lowered her eyes. He wanted to reach out to her and squeeze her arm in comfort but he knew she would never allow it. Noah hadn't realised Valeria carried her own kind of guilt around. He wondered what she had done during her time as one of the Unforeseen.

"For now let us leave her to sleep." Cyrus heaved a weary sigh.

"Can I stay with her?" Noah asked without even thinking about it.

Cyrus seemed to hesitate before he eyed him carefully. "Yes. She might need you when she wakes."

Chapter Seven

Breakfast with Clan Douglas

The overwhelming despair from the night before had vanished as quickly as it had arrived.

Unfortunately for Eden it hadn't taken the guilty conscience with it. That morning she'd awoken to find Noah sleeping in the computer chair beside her bed, his neck craned at an uncomfortable angle, his features strained with worry.

The sight of him was almost enough to make her crumble a little, to wish that she could trust him.

But worrying about trusting Noah was the last thing she had time to think about. Seeming to feel her eyes on him, Noah had awakened and she'd immediately asked for Valeria.

Val would be able to explain what the hell had happened to her last night.

And she had.

Val had also promised that the guilt Eden felt for letting Ryan kill so many people wouldn't disappear overnight, but that the intensity of grief from the night before would - it was merely Eden's new body and spirit acclimating to her past. The paradox between the two was what had caused her mind and body to go into shock. Eden thought she understood. She was trying to anyway. At the moment, she was just glad that it was over. She had honestly felt as if she were going to die from the pain of her past memories.

Now she was just kind of embarrassed. She stood at the top of the stairs of the Douglas' home, readying herself to join them for breakfast. It was the weekend, so they were all home. Great.

Drawing in a deep breath, Eden made her way downstairs, pleased by the strength in her limbs and how clearheaded she felt.

Christopher sat at the head of a mahogany table littered with food - eggs, bacon, pancakes, toast, syrup, sausages and some 'English breakfasty' looking stuff, alien and unfamiliar to her. She swallowed, eyeing this weird black patty thing. OK, stuff that would remain alien and unfamiliar to her.

"Eden." Cyrus and Noah both rose from their chairs, an old fashioned gesture that made her smirk.

She nodded at them all, blinking in surprise at Christopher and his wife, Alison's, friendly greetings.

She took the seat across from October, between Cyrus and Mhairi.

"Feeling better?" Mhairi smiled at her knowingly.

Eden nodded. "Much. Thanks for the makeover. Your blood did good." Mhairi seemed to enjoy the remark, her eyes twinkling. "You're very welcome."

"Eden, help yourself." Alison leaned around Cyrus to speak to her. "There's plenty of everything and you must be starving. You haven't eaten anything in a while." Nodding in quiet thanks Eden reached over and started piling her plate with eggs, bacon and sausages. She felt them all watching her and tried to force a blush down as she awkwardly bypassed the food she didn't recognise.

"Have some black pudding." Mhairi nudged her with her elbow, pointing at the weird black patty thing. "It's awfae good."

Eden wrinkled her nose. "What is it?"

"It's-"

"Och don't tell her, Nana." October grimaced. "You should have waited for her to eat it before you told her."

Glowering at the girl, Eden sat back in her chair. "I'm guessing it's gross then." Taking a bite of it, Noah shook his head. He swallowed. "Actually it's quite nice."

"Yeah but what is it?"

"Pork blood, fats, oats, barley, some spices...."

Her gag reflex immediately kicked in and she shook her head. "I've had enough blood for this week thank you very much."

Mhairi nudged her again. "Good one."

Eden eyed her in amusement. It was hard to believe the Neith was in her eighties. She seemed more a mischievous teenager than someone on social security.

"It's not as disgusting as it sounds," October assured her and as soon as she caught Eden's gaze her fork clattered to her plate. "Your eyes are a totally different colour... what the hell?"

"The transition," Valeria explained succinctly, taking a sip of coffee.

Eden eyed the beverage. "Can I have some?"

"Of course." Alison stood up to lean over the table for the pot of coffee. "Milk or sugar? Both?"

"Black, no sugar, thank you."

"There's a surprise." October smirked.

Eden narrowed her eyes on her. "What does that mean?"

She flicked her fork over Eden's attire. "Have you heard of colour?"

"So sue me, I like black."

"It's a little cliche don't you think? I mean when you had the creepy, staring soul eater eyes, the whole thing worked for you. But now you're actually a person you might consider introducing some colour into your wardrobe."

"And I would take advice from an R-Patz fan because...?"

"Hey, don't knock the Rob." October flicked the fork at her again, her tip-tilted eyes narrowing in teenage outrage. "He's a good actor, completely underappreciated for his talent because of Twi-Haters."

"Oh yeah, I'm sure that's why there are a dozen posters of him on your wall... 'cause he's a good actor. Riiight."

At Alison's muffled laugh, October flashed her mother a venomous look before turning back on Eden. "That's the thanks I get for letting you sleep in my room? I've had to share with Nana for the past two nights, and she's a cover-hogger, and if you hadn't noticed it's still bloody freezing at night h-"

"Tobe," her father interrupted, shaking his head. "Watch your language." Eden watched October roll her eyes and slump back in her chair. She found herself smiling. For some reason she decided she liked this girl. She didn't know if it was bluntness, the accent or the eye-rolling, but October charmed her somehow. "You're right," she offered apologetically. "Sorry. I really appreciate you letting me crash in your room. I appreciate all of your hospitality."

"You're very welcome." Christopher nodded congenially.

A comfortable silence descended upon the room as they dug into their breakfast. Eden studied them all as she chowed down on Alison's delicious food, reaching for a pancake and some syrup once she'd eaten her eggs and bacon. Wow, she was hungry. And food tasted so much better now. It was like all her senses were at full awareness since the soul eater inside her had disappeared, taking with it the overwhelming 'hunger'.

This was nice.

Eden frowned. Too nice.

The Douglas' were way too comfortable with her. Maybe it was her good old-fashioned paranoia (that was supposed to be gone) but shouldn't they be at least a little freaked out by her?? Councilman McLeish certainly had been. The longer they ate in this weird, peaceful silence, the more it started to bug her. She paused when Noah caught her eye from across the table. His features were smooth but his eyes seemed to be laughing at her, like he knew exactly what she was thinking.

God damn it, I'm beginning to think the son-of-a-bitch is a mind reader.

"OK." She exhaled heavily, her fork clattering to her plate as she sat back in the dining room chair. Everyone stopped eating and she felt Cyrus tense beside her.

"Is everything alright?" her guardian asked quietly.

"No." Eden shook her head, eyeing the Douglas' one by one. "You guys are acting way too cool about me being here, about the fact that I exist. I'm not stupid. I know the other Neith from the other day were weirded out by me... well... except Councilman McLeish's sister and nephew. But everyone else is not OK with me being here. So... what's with you guys?" October snorted. "And I thought I was blunt."

"It's good to see some things haven't changed," Noah added.

Bite me, Eden sniped back at him with her eyes.

"Well..." Christopher shifted uncomfortably and looked at Cyrus. "I don't mind, Princeps." Cyrus nodded. "Alright." He turned to Eden now, twisting in his chair to face her. "There is a reason for the Douglas' attitude, Eden."

Eden felt totally confused, wondering why October had suddenly grown quiet and was looking at her plate unsurely. Eden had only known the girl a couple of days but that didn't look like an expression that applied to her very much. "OK... you know if me knowing is making anyone uncomfortable you can just forget I mentioned anything."

She caught Noah looking at her sharply from the corner of her eye. She shrugged inwardly. So her attitude was uncharacteristic... she was just feeling a little less selfish these days.

"Nah, it's cool." October shook her head. "You can tell her, Princeps." Eden raised an eyebrow at October's weary sigh and turned expectantly to her guardian. "Tell me what?"

"There are many things about the world you have been born to that you are unaware of, Eden.

Things that I will teach you over the coming months. One of them is that there are Neith born with extra abilities. It is rare but it does happen."

"Abilities?"

"Abilities that vary. For instance, Christopher was born with a heightened sense of intuition." Whoa, OK. That sounded a little X-Men... heightened sense of intuition... Her jaw dropped. "You mean he's psychic?"

Christopher cleared his throat. "Not exactly. Well... yes... but not in the way you imagine. I sense things about people."

"Well that's nice and vague, now I really believe you're a psychic." Mhairi choked on her tea and wiped at her chin with a napkin. "Oh I like this girl, can we keep her?"

Eden grinned at her and they shared a look that warmed Eden down to her very toes.

October wasn't laughing. She was glaring at Eden defiantly. "Hey, my dad's the real deal. OK. He sensed you weren't an evil soul-sucking fiend the minute he met you. I sensed you were a pain in the arse but you don't need to be a psychic to work that one out." Eden laughed at that, cutting off Alison's reprimand. At the sound of Eden's laughter the tension seemed to melt from October and her shoulders relaxed. She eyed Eden with a wary half smile.

"What Tobe meant was that I sensed the sincerity of your situation and I sense you are indeed one of the Ankh," Christopher explained. "I've confirmed this with Councilman McLeish. However, my abilities are not something we broadcast. The Councilman knows of it and so do Cyrus and Valeria and now you. But my abilities could make my family and I targets so I appreciate if you keep this to yourself."

Eden knew all about being a target. "Of course. Your secret is safe with me." Christopher nodded gratefully. "And as I say, I've advised Councilman McLeish. You should find your next meeting with him a bit pleasanter, I imagine."

Eden wasn't so sure about that. There was something about McLeish. He had that look in his eye the Neith that had attacked her in Salton and Detroit had. They were horrified by her existence.

McLeish was horrified by her existence. Pushing the unsettling thought to the back of her mind, Eden took a sip of coffee as she tried to project an aura of calm. "OK. So you're psychic. So what else?

Are there Neith who can read minds and set fire to stuff?" She had been joking but when they all glanced at one another silently, her lips parted in surprise. "You're kidding right?" Cyrus shrugged. "I told you there are Neith out there with particular abilities. However, they are extremely rare."

Holy moly. She slumped back against her chair thinking about it. What if Neith with those kinds of abilities came after her? Would she be able to handle them? As she worried about it, her gaze got caught in Noah's again and she glowered at him. "Did you know about this?" He covered his surprise at her attack by shrugging carelessly. It was as if he was deliberately trying to annoy her! "Chris? No. Neith. Yes."

"And you didn't tell me?"

He rolled his eyes. "When could I have told you? The day you weren't speaking to me, or the day after when you still weren't speaking to me?"

Ugh he was such a pain in the-

Just a complete and utter ass with-

Infuriating, irritating, treacherous-

"OK." October watched her wide-eyed. "I was wrong. That eye colour is working for you... if you could drown and suffocate him with that look I think you would."

"Eden." Cyrus sighed. "This is not Noah's fault. I told you we would discuss everything you needed to know after your transition."

As always his voice relaxed her and she turned to look up at him. "Well, when can we start? I want to know everything. I want to train. I want to start being an Ankh." He smiled at her enthusiasm but shook his head. "You've just come through a traumatic experience. We will take a few days. Relax and enjoy the city." Her mouth twisted in a moue at the announcement that her training was postponed.

"I could take you to the castle, Eden," October offered with feigned indifference. "It's pretty cool."

I do want to see the castle... "OK." Eden nodded and she felt everyone at the table breathe a sigh of relief. Jeez, they acted like she was a monster tantrum child from hell. She rolled her eyes and October caught the look and smiled. Eden smiled back, wondering if she and this girl were going to become friends. She'd never had a female friend before. Well... there was Val but Val didn't count because she acted more like a mother or a big sister than anything else. "Sorry I dissed Rob," she apologised with a teasing smile.

October grunted. "Like you're the first."

"Don't worry about it, Eden," Alison interjected. "She keeps those posters up out of a perverse need to irritate her friends."

Eden grinned. Yup. She was definitely going to like this girl. "Gotcha. I like your style, October."

"Call me Tobe."

"Tobe it is."

"So since you've decided I'm not a complete idiot, will you trust me to take you shopping? You really do need some colour injection."

Eden shrugged and looked at Cyrus. "We already bought clothes." Valeria smiled. "You can buy more."

Cyrus raised an eyebrow at that but seemed to decide not to argue.

"OK then," Eden conceded. "But no pink."

"Cool. No pink." Tobe nodded. "Maybe we can go to the hairdressers when we're out. When you're training and fighting, long hair can be a pain in the arse. Plus you'd look good with it short."

"No!" Noah bit out and everyone, including Eden, stared at Noah for the vehement outburst. He glared back at them all. "What? She's not cutting her hair." Eden scowled at his propriety tone. "I'll cut my hair if I want."

"So you're going to cut your hair?"

"If I want."

"You're going to cut your hair? Your hair? You threatened to castrate Justin Snider when he shut the homeroom door on it."

"It's my hair; you have no say in what I do with it."

He sighed, throwing her a look that said 'you're such a child'. He got up from the table and slapped his napkin down on his plate. "Thanks for breakfast, Alison, appreciate it."

"You're welcome."

Noah nodded and then pinned Eden down with one last look. "You're not cutting your damn hair." She glared at him as he strode out of the dining room. The front door banged shut behind him as Eden wondered where on earth he was going.

"So?" Tobe drew her attention back to her, her eyes glittering with excitement. "Are we cutting your hair?"

Eden fingered the ends of her long dark hair and sighed glumly. "No." Cyrus made a choking sound beside her and she glanced up to see him covering a smile.

"Traitor," she mumbled, which only made him laugh.

At the warm sound Eden found herself melting as the room suddenly grew extremely peaceful.

Cyrus' laughter was rare and comforting. Val scrutinised him, her eyes slightly wide with what Eden could only assume was surprise and amazement. She turned those dark eyes of hers to Eden, a small smile drawing her lips apart.

Val looked grateful.

Eden flushed, observing Cyrus from the corner of her eye. So many unbelievable things had happened to her lately. But being the person that could bring a little laughter and happiness back into Cyrus' life was definitely the most astonishing.

Right then and there Eden promised herself she would try to live up to his expectations.

Chapter Eight

Obsession... for Evil:

The Eau de Toilette from Hell

Licking the girl's blood from his fingers Teagan looked down at the stillness of her body with a sense of satisfaction, the copper bitterness of her life force just a cherry on top to the pure soul that settled through his body like her**n in the bloodstream. It was a surreal feeling, like good food and sex wrapped up in a neat package that tempered the beast within. His body hummed with the euphoria of it all, and he smiled as he reached out to place two fingers against her neck. No pulse. She was still warm though. He ran his hands down her body one last time, a ringmaster memorising the latest addition to his dead menagerie.

Done with the nameless girl, Teagan slid off the bed in the hotel room and wandered into the bathroom. He took a quick shower, washing her off of him, and dressed in his usual black slacks and white shirt. After rolling up the sleeves, he searched the bedside cabinet for his cigarettes and wandered out onto the balcony to light up. He inhaled the tobacco and blew out a stream of smoke, staring out over the city of Detroit. Just as quickly as the euphoria had come, it began to disappear as his thoughts inevitably drew back to Eden.

It was a damn shame what had happened to his Uncle Ryan. If there was one person in this world he actually liked and respected it had been Ryan. He had taken Teagan in when five Neith had hunted and killed his parents; he had taught Teagan the kill, gloried in the overwhelming power that came with stripping one of those weak humans down and taking everything from them. Ryan had taught Teagan to treat a human like a three course meal. For starters you enjoyed terrifying them, hurting them, cutting them, inflicting pain. The main course was humiliating them. Stripping them bare, taking their innocence, making them vulnerable and causing them shame. Raping them was the most gratifying as it caused both physical and emotional hurt. And then there was dessert. The grand finale. Eating their souls. It was such a high. First the foreplay and then the sex. Beautiful. He might never have discovered the addiction of the ritual if hadn't been for Ryan. Yeah, his uncle had been a genius. He'd also taught him how to cover his tracks, play it safe. Although personally, Teagan thought Ryan took it all a bit too far considering all they had to do was compel someone to believe anything they wanted. For instance, Teagan would compel the hotel security to give him the tapes of him staying at this hotel and then he'd compel management to delete him from their booking system and their own memory. When they found the girl murdered in the hotel room they'd blame Detroit's new serial killer.

Teagan grunted. After those bastards killed Ryan and his family, and taken Eden, Teagan had taken off for Detroit to regroup. He'd stuck to the shadows, kept his ear to the ground. Word had reached him that The Tribunal were after him and Eden. They needed someone to punish for the mess that had been left at the Winslow mansion, including the evidence of what he and Ryan had been getting up to in the basement. He shook his head in disgust, taking another draw. Idiots. Didn't they realise how powerful they'd all be if they started taking entire souls. The power inside him was unbelievable. Nah, he wasn't afraid of them coming for him. He was too busy with his own plans. By the time he'd discovered Eden was in Detroit it was too late. He'd gotten there just as the Neith and Ankh had. All this time Ryan hadn't been shitting him. He'd believed Ryan when he had said Eden was half-Ankh. He'd seen the birthmark to prove it and had been on the end of a couple of beatdowns she shouldn't have been able to give someone as powerful as him. But he'd been sceptical about the amount of security around Eden and the mansion. Ryan said Eden's mother had been the wife of the Ankh Princeps, the famous Cyrus of Persepolis. Teagan thought Ryan was just yacking it up, trying to convince Teagan to take Eden for wife. Not that he needed much convincing. But goddamn it, it had been true after all. Cyrus had swept in on his white horse and absconded with his betrothed.

"Tool," he grumbled into the night.

However, Teagan wasn't ready to give up. One of the Neith Cyrus and that little jerk, Noah, had left alive in the warehouse was more than willing to give up information in return for his life. He'd told Teagan Cyrus planned to take Eden to her mother's human family to cure her of being Blessed.

It was the one thing he and Ryan had feared the most and it was about to happen.

If it hadn't happened already.

Not that that would stop Teagan.

He'd gotten a name from the Neith, the name of someone with insider information. But this person was working for some bitch called Cosmina Arcos, who was planning on having Eden killed. Very unhappy at that news Teagan had killed the Neith and set off to find the one with the inside info. It hadn't taken much to convince the little deviant to turn his back on Arcos and work for Teagan. Only one million dollars of Teagan's inheritance from Ryan.

So now he was waiting for his informant to get back to him on Eden's whereabouts. And once he knew, he was going after her. And then he was taking her somewhere Cyrus would never find her.

Even if she was one of the Ankh now.

Cursing under his breath, Teagan crushed his cigarette against the balcony, fighting the rage that threatened to overcome him any time he thought of her. He had been so close. It was always something with her. First Stellan (good riddance to that uptight asshat) who was always in his way, protecting her. Then Eden herself, who wouldn't know a good thing if it smacked her in the face, and then that little piece of crap, Noah, who had turned her head. And now Cyrus!

Ryan had promised him Eden when he'd come across Teagan watching her. She was fifteen when he first began to want her. He knew she was special, Ryan had told him all about it. But it wasn't until that day, as he watched her laugh with Stellan outside in the gardens, that he felt desire for her.

There was power about her yes, but more than that there was a humanity about her he had ached to possess, to possess and destroy, to mould her into what he wanted and control her. He wanted to own her in every way possible and he knew deep in his gut that she belonged to him. Ryan had been delighted. His uncle had wanted Eden to bear a new breed of Blessed. With her heritage they would be phenomenal. But to breed with Teagan, an extremely powerful member of the Blessed, could only work in Ryan's favour. Teagan had wanted what Ryan wanted too. But more than anything he just wanted Eden. And he wouldn't stop until he had her.

So... if she was Ankh now... it didn't matter. He thought of Ryan's research he had tucked away in his holdall. Research that Ryan had stolen. Research that turned out to be true. Teagan could only surmise that if one part of the faded words on the yellowing papers had proven correct, then the rest was undeniable. If Eden was Ankh, it would mean more work, but he was willing to cut down anyone in his path to get her back... in every sense of the word.

Teagan stiffened at the soft scuffling sound from inside the room. God dammit, he could have sworn the bitch was dead. Huffing at the inconvenience of having to touch her after having just showered, Teagan strode back into the dimly lit room and stopped in the centre of it. The hair on the back of his neck rose. Something wasn't right.

From his peripheral he caught the blur of movement and turned in time to catch the fist that flew at his face. Twisting the arm behind his attackers back, Teagan took satisfaction in the sound of it breaking, the Blessed falling to his knees before him with a muffled cry. Pain shot up Teagan's back as another opponent kicked him from behind. He pushed the one in front of him away and whirled around to crack the woman across the face with his backhanded slap. She soared off her feet and collapsed against the bedside cabinet.

"Stop," a deep voice rumbled, and like demons from hell, ten members of the Blessed slithered out from the shadows of the room. Teagan schooled his features, refusing to show his surprise. How the hell did they get in? "Teagan Winslow, stand down." The voice was so full of authority, so sure that Teagan would acquiesce that he knew right away who they were.

"Effing Tribunal," he cursed, standing up straight.

They'd found him.

In a way he shouldn't be surprised. Aunt Celine had been right. Maybe he was too bloody careless. He'd been killing guys and girls all over the city, leaving them in hotel rooms. The police had no clue what to do about a serial killer who killed indiscriminately and somehow managed to delete the hotel tapes and booking systems and get by all members of staff without being seen. The Phantom of Detroit they were calling him. He should have known he was bound to draw the Tribunal's attention with that one. He'd just been hoping he'd hear word back from his informant on Eden's whereabouts before The Tribunal found him.

"Language," the voice stepped forward to reveal a tall, distinguished looking man with blank pale grey eyes just like Teagan's. "Show some respect for your betters." Betters my sweet white ass.

"You know why we're here, Teagan Winslow."

He nodded.

"Well, rumours were wrong. I heard you were a smart mouthed little prick who didn't know when to stop talking."

Teagan flinched at the insults. If anyone else had said that he would have ripped them apart. He eyed the group that had him surrounded and wondered if he could be fast enough to do so.

"Don't even think about it," the man warned. "I am Darwin Rice and I am here to judge you for your crimes."

"I'm guessing the judging part is already over and you're more of the executor of the punishment."

Darwin smirked. "You'd guess right."

Teagan cursed inwardly and straightened his shoulders. He hadn't wanted to do this. He didn't know if he could trust them. But he had no other choice. "I'll make you a deal."

"We do not do deals."

"Even if I could promise you Cyrus of Persepolis on a platter?" The room grew hushed with the arrogant promise until Darwin narrowed his eyes. "And I am to believe a jumped up little turd like you can deliver such a promise?" Cracking his neck at the jibe, Teagan eyed Darwin dangerously and grew smug at the wary look that passed across the older man's eyes. Surely they could all feel the kind of power Teagan was emitting. "Eden Winslow is with him. He's her guardian. I've got an informant who's going to tell me where they are. If I find them, I bring you Cyrus and you let me and Eden go."

"Miss Winslow has crimes to pay for."

Teagan snorted. "Eden didn't do any of that stuff you found in the house. She's as pure as the driven snow."

"Does not matter. She is responsible for allowing it to occur without reporting the crimes to The Tribunal."

He snarled at the thought of these guys getting their hands on what was his. "Look, I bring you Cyrus, you let me have Eden. Take it or leave it."

"Then we'll leave it."

Fuck.

"OK, OK. What if I were to tell you I could get Cyrus and Valeria of Corsica. I hear she's pretty friendly with Darius of Mesopotamia. She might draw him out." Darwin grimaced. "I'm not impressed."

"It's the truth. Cyrus and Valeria were last seen with Eden." The older Blessed was silent for a moment and then he turned to gaze at one of his companions, who nodded. With a reluctant sigh, Darwin looked back at him. "Fine. We'll give you six weeks to fulfil this promise. Cyrus and Valeria for your and Eden's freedom." Teagan grinned. "No problem."

"We'll be putting a tracking device inside you to make sure you don't just run, boy."

"Hey, I'm not agreeing to that crap."

Darwin sighed wearily. "We stick the tracking device in you and when you bring us Cyrus and Valeria we'll take it out. To sweeten the deal we'll even turn a blind eye to the desires you can't see to keep under control." He flicked a disgusted look at the corpse on the bed.

Chewing on it, Teagan decided it was the best deal he'd ever receive. He nodded carefully. "Fine.

We've got a deal."

Chapter Nine

All in a Day

Oh crap, Cyrus and Val were going to kill her. Eden frantically scanned the crowds of pedestrians for October but there was still no sign of her.

Cyrus had decided to leave Eden in Val's capable hands since he wasn't really into the whole shopping thing. It had been determined that Eden would not go anywhere without one or the other as a precautionary measure, in case Arcos and her people somehow miraculously discovered Eden's whereabouts. That morning Cyrus had headed out after Noah, who was apparently checking out the Neith training centre (built under that cool old art deco theatre they had passed), and Val and October had led Eden outside for the first time in days. It was a warmish day, and they had done quite a lot of walking from Morningside into Old Town, but Eden enjoyed it. She was surprised by how much she liked the hustle and bustle, the hissing of buses (they were everywhere!) stopping and taking off, the millions of accents that floated past her ears, the smells of coffee and exhaust fumes in the otherwise crisp air. She gazed wide-eyed as she passed people, no longer consumed by the urge to eat their souls. God, she'd forgotten how free she had once been before Noah had awoken her hunger.

They had just made it into Old Town when Val's cell rang. She'd gone all serious when she answered and then covered the phone telling them she needed to take the call. They were standing outside The National Museum of Scotland. After deciding she didn't really want to be stuck inside on a day with clear skies, Eden had shaken her head at Tobe's suggestion they go in. Instead October had told Valeria to catch up with them on The Royal Mile outside of a place called The Filling Station. Val had nodded tightly and disappeared around the corner, leaving Eden watching after her with a tight knot in her chest. She hoped there wasn't anything serious going on.

October had tugged on her sleeve and Eden had begun following her but they both drew to an abrupt halt at the sound of someone shouting October's name. A tall, cute guy was heading towards them.

"Oh gawd," October had mumbled. "This is a friend from school. Completely human. Be cool." Eden had thrown her a look as if to say, ' Moi? How could I be anything but cool? '

October had introduced the guy but Eden hadn't really been listening, she was too busy worrying about Val's telephone conversation. Anyway, the guy was going on about some book they were supposed to pick up for English class and how he couldn't find it in store, so Tobe had offered to help out and Eden had followed along quietly as they crossed the street to a bookstore.

"I'll wait out here," she had said and October, kind of flustered, had merely nodded.

Tobe flustered? Eden had wondered if she had a crush on this guy or something.

Patiently waiting had never been Eden's forte and everything had kind of gone downhill from there. Tobe and her friend seemed to be taking an awfully long time. It hadn't been her fault. Really.

She was bored. Eden had begun to wander in kind of daze, heading north down the street. Cyrus had driven up this way and she was pretty sure they had passed a Forbidden Planet store. Finding it, Eden was stupidly excited, breathing in the smell of glossy comics as she headed inside. It was weird, but being here, in a foreign country, without her parents dragging her down, without this 'thing' inside of her, she felt a little on the side of normal for the first time. She wandered around looking for the latest Shonen Jump and eyeing kitschy dolls and backpacks and stuff. To her bemusement she could not find a single copy of Shonen. For a minute she was almost so distracted by the store assistant's clear bell of an accent she had almost missed her advising her that they didn't have it in stock. A little disheartened Eden had headed back outside and headed up towards the bookstore. After fifteen minutes of scouring the place from top to bottom, she realised she had lost October.

Crap, crap, crap. She bit her lip and glanced around. Nope. There was definitely no sign of her.

OK. Val was supposed to be meeting them at The Filling Station on The Royal Mile... sooo she'd just go there. Eden patted her jeans for her cell only to discover she had left it back at Tobe's. Oh hell. She needed to get to The Filling Station before Val got there first and flipped out.

"Excuse me." Eden stopped a couple walking nonchalantly up the street. "Could you tell me how to get to The Filling Station on The Royal Mile?" The guy grimaced apologetically. "Aw sorry am no' fae aroond here, a dinnae ken whorr The Fillin' Station is but ah kin tell ye whorr The Royal Mile is." Eden stared at him blankly. "Was that a no?"

He laughed and turned around, pointing back down the street. "If ye go doon that way ye'll find yersel own The Royal Mile. If ye ask somebody, they'll be able tae tell ye whorr The Fillin' Station is."

She got the pointing and stuff but she still didn't understand a word he had said so she just nodded gratefully and thanked him, before heading back the way she'd just come. As she walked down the street she passed a group of girls who were talking about classes, an American accent ringing out among them. Students! Surely, they'd know and she'd actually understand them.

"Excuse me." She stopped the group and they turned to her expectantly. "Could you guys tell me how to get to The Filling Station on The Royal Mile?"

"Oh thank God!" A familiar Scottish accent made Eden's shoulders sag with relief. She turned to see October running towards her. She smacked Eden across the arm before tugging her rudely away from the students. "Where the bloody hell did you go? I've been preparing myself for the Hara Kiri.

The Princeps would expect nothing less from the idiot who managed to lose his bloody daughter!"

"Jeez, chill Tobe." Eden grunted, feeling much better now that she had her guide back. "You're going to give yourself a heart attack."

"If it wouldn't end in my death I would kill you for walking away. Where were you?!"

"Can you please stop screeching? I'm guessing having full use of my hearing is kind of crucial to my training to be a warrior."

October continued to glare at her, not taking her eyes off her, bumping into people who threw comments over their shoulder at her rudeness.

Eden shrugged. "I was in Forbidden Planet. Do you know they don't even stock Shonen Jump? I thought this place was supposed to be metropolitan."

"I'm going to metropolitan your arse next time you pull a stunt like that."

"What does that even mean?"

"It means... it means... och, I don't know. Just don't do that again. I'm too young and pretty to die from heart failure."

"OK, sorry. I was bored. What were you and that guy doing anyway? Making out in the English lit section?"

Tobe grimaced at the comment, her cerulean eyes narrowing. "Nooo. Colin is human. We don't do humans?"

"What? Never? What if they're hot?"

"Ugh, I didn't mean do as in do. God, get your head out of the gutter, Cuz." At that Eden's footsteps picked up a little more cheerfully. Cuz. That was kind of nice. "So, are you dating one of the Neith then?"

October shook her head. "I used to date Cameron but we ended it about six months ago."

"Cameron as in McLeish's nephew?"

"Yup, the very one."

"He's cute."

"Yeah, but we grew up together. We thought we'd give the whole dating thing a try but in the end it was like kissing a cousin or something you know."

An image of Teagan popped into Eden's head and her fists clenched. The s.o.b was still out there, roaming free. "Oh yeah, I know exactly what you mean."

"OK, that sounds faintly ominous."

Surprisingly, Eden found herself telling Tobe all about Teagan. Tobe was sufficiently disgusted and very vehement on her behalf. She noticed the angrier she got, the thicker her accent grew. It amused Eden, despite their subject matter.

They talked about a lot of different things and Eden was grateful to the girl for diplomatically sidestepping any mention of Stellan. Instead she moved on to discussing the training centre and how the Neith were intimidated by Cyrus, Val and Noah. They'd never had Ankh around in years so they were pretty much the hot topic at the moment. In between October's gossiping, she pointed out different stores on The Royal Mile that she liked. Eden took it all in with appreciative eyes. She still couldn't get over how surreal it was to be here. As they walked up The Mile, Eden's sharp eyes caught sight of Val a few yards up ahead, waiting for them outside of the restaurant.

"So it's pretty darn cool that Valeria of Corsica and Cyrus of Persepolis are your guardians.

They're total legends around here," October said with a wistful sigh. There was more than a little hero-worshipping in her eyes whenever she discussed Val.

"Yeah." Eden nodded stoically. "They've been good to me so far." Tobe frowned. "So far?"

"Well." Eden shrugged. "I'm still waiting for the other shoe to drop." The Neith shook her head at her. "I thought turning Ankh would make you trust them. They're your kin now, Eden."

"Oh I do trust them. I just don't know if I trust myself yet. I'm probably going to do something stupid that will disappoint them."

"Hey." Tobe stopped her, her young eyes suddenly very serious and mature. "Look, my dad told me everything Cyrus told him. You didn't kill anyone, Eden. You had some seriously creepy stuff inside you and you fought it. You've done well. I even heard you refused to kill Valois at your Awakening Ceremony."

Eden curled her lip at the thought of her ex-best friend. "Yeah I'm a little disappointed in myself for that."

October snorted. "What is going on between you two?"

She shook her head. "Nothing. He just won't accept that yet." Tobe grunted, looking at her like she was a crazy person. Eden smirked. "What?"

"Oh nothing. You just must have some serious willpower."

"Meaning?"

"Meaning every time Noah smiles at me I feel like grabbing his hand and finding the nearest bed." For some reason Eden found herself flushing inwardly at the image Tobe had created, making the Neith laugh out loud.

"OK, if the Ankh could blush you'd be beetroot right now. Look at those eyes. I take it you haven't traded in your v-card then?"

Having only known October for a few days, and really only had a proper conversation with her in the past few hours, Eden had naively assumed she was immune to her bluntness. But wow. She was BLUNT. Eden eyed Val, who started walking towards them impatiently. "Uh, can we not talk about this? Ancient warrior mother-figure heading towards us."

"Sure. But if I can give you a bit of advice..."

"Just be quick about it."

"My first time was with a guy from school who thinks Iraq is a brand of Mp3 player. If you've got someone like Noah Valois sniffing around your heels then I say kick them up and let him have his wicked way with you."

Eden grunted. "What about trust and affection or God forbid love?"

"Blah, Eden, it's sex not marriage."

"If you take her advice Eden MacDouglas I will personally beat you over the head with it." Val was suddenly before them, her eyes narrowed on October disapprovingly.

October gave a deferential nod but a cheeky tilt at the corner of her mouth suggested she was dying to laugh. "Just sharing my opinion, Valeria, that's all."

"Your opinion... what is that term you kids use today... ah yes... your opinion sucks. Eden has more important things to worry about than casual sex. She has learning, training and hunting to do.

And right now, a great big bloody castle to see and some colour to inject into her wardrobe." Eden grinned at Val and began to follow October, who swerved around them to take the lead. She had a skip in her step that screamed ' you don't scare me, Valeria of Corsica! '

Val made a noise from the back of her throat and her hand shot out to cuff October around the back of the head.

"Ow, what was that for?!"

"That was on behalf of your parents. You're too young to be dallying in casual sex. Children who play grown up games always get hurt."

"Yeah well smacking me across the head wasn't exactly painless."

"See. My point exactly."

Muffling her laughter, Eden followed her 'cousin' as she huffily led the way.

***

It was still light out as they wandered up the stone steps to the Douglas' house. There were lights on inside so Eden guessed everyone was home. When Christopher wasn't out hunting soul eaters, he was an investment banker for some big Scottish financial company, and Alison was an elementary school teacher - or a primary school teacher as they called it in Scotland. Since it was Saturday they had both decided to accompany Cyrus to the training centre. Eden couldn't imagine how the Neith balanced both lives. With the Ankh it was a full time thing and Eden didn't know where they got all their money from but she did know Cyrus had plenty of cash and shared it out to the fifty eight - oh wait, she made it fifty-nine now - members of the Ankh that were out all over the world, taking on the worst predators among the soul eaters.

Val and October were discussing the training centre as they stepped inside the house, making Eden even more impatient to get a look at the place. They wandered into the sitting room, discussing swords with foreign names that made Eden's head spin, and found the Douglas', Cyrus and Noah sitting around drinking coffee.

Cyrus nodded at her, his eyes smiling. "You had a nice time?" She lifted the bags in her hand and smiled wryly. "I injected colour into my wardrobe."

"No pink?"

She shuddered. "God, no."

"Did you take Eden to the castle, Tobe?" Mhairi asked as Alison got up off the sofa, excusing herself as she followed the smell of cooking into the kitchen.

"Yup."

"Well." Mhairi turned to Eden. "What did you think?"

What she thought was that she had never seen anything so amazing in her life. "Edinburgh Castle rocks. No pun intended." She snorted, thinking about the alien-like volcanic rock the castle was perched on. It was almost as if some ancient warlock had swept back in time, ripped the castle from its medieval seams, and planted it down in the modern city. As she'd walked down Princes Street towards it, she had felt as if she had wandered into some weird, surreal dream. It was a majestic, hypnotising sight and she'd bumped into a number of people because she was too busy staring up at it. Since she wasn't much of a history buff being inside the castle was cool but not nearly as cool as the impression it made from the outside.

"Edinbur-uh," October admonished for, like, the fiftieth time. "What is it with you Americans and your 'Edinboro's'? "Edinbur-uh. Not Edinboro. Edinbur-uh."

"Say Edinbur-uh one more time and I'm gonna smack you upside the head in training tomorrow," Eden warned, flopping down onto a stool beside Cyrus who sat with Noah on the sofa. She noticed Noah had barely looked at her at all. Like she cared.

"Training tomorrow?" Cyrus raised an eyebrow questioningly.

Valeria cleared her throat. "I may have promised her..."

The look he gave Val would have frightened a grown man but Eden guessed Val was used to it because she just stared back at him, expressionless. Eden wondered if she'd teach her how to do that.

"I do not think you are ready." Cyrus shook his head, turning back to Eden.

"No, I'm totally ready. I barely broke a sweat climbing up to that castle. And have you seen the stairs inside that damn thing. Didn't even wind me."

"That's true," October added. "The steward guide guy was unnerved by her and Valeria. I at least pretended to be out of breath."

Eden snorted. "Pretended. Riiight."

Tobe glowered at her. "Hey, some of us have learned the art of blending."

"Yeah, Eden's never been too good at that," Noah spoke up, an annoying little amused quirk tilting his lips up at the corner. She glared at him as he smirked at Tobe, who smiled back appreciatively.

"What does that mean?"

He flicked a look at her. "Oh come on. What about that time you 'shoved' Rick Caine?" He turned back to Tobe. "Caine was on the school's wrestling team. He was standing flirting with some girl whose locker was next to Eden's and when she asked him to move, he wouldn't. So she shoved him and he skidded along the school hallway like a bowling ball." Tobe burst out laughing, shaking her head at the imagery. Her smile turned coy as her bright eyes washed over Noah, and Eden found herself wanting to wring her new friend's neck. "I can't imagine you in high school, Noah. You must have been popular."

"Nah." He shook his head. "I had to be friends with Eden so popularity was out of the question." It was like he had shot her. Bitter hurt and anger gripped her as she stood up abruptly, knocking the stool over. Everyone turned to her, an uncomfortable hush falling over the room. Glaring at him, Eden watched as he blanched, his eyes turning apologetic. "Eden..." The tension grew thicker and heavier by the second as her eyes pinned him to the couch with wounded disdain. Finally, with one last disgusted look, Eden grabbed her shopping bags. "I've got stuff to put away."

As she exited the room she head Cyrus sigh. "You can hardly expect me to smooth things over between you two when you insist on acting like a jackass." Eden's hands shook as she took out her new clothes and hung them up in the side of the closet that October had given her. Tobe had followed her out of the room and upstairs. She hadn't said anything but Eden could tell she was worried she might have upset her new friend. To ease her concerns Eden began quietly talking to her and Tobe had set about making room for Eden's stuff in her bedroom.

"You coming down for dinner?" Tobe asked quietly from her place on the bed.

"Of course," Eden muttered. "I'm hungry."

She wasn't going to let Noah ruin what had been one of the best days of her life. At that thought she winced immediately thinking about Stellan. How could she possibly say that, only weeks after his death? Angry with herself she slammed the closet door shut and ran a trembling hand through her hair.

"Eden, you OK?"

The concern in October's voice surprised her, her head jerking up to catch the girl's anxious expression. The Neith's eyes, always so honest, were sincere and sympathetic. It was such a soft, unexpected countenance from Tobe, one that Eden guessed not many people were privy too.

Suddenly Eden felt grateful. She'd never had a girl friend before. It was kind of nice. "Fine. Just...

memories, you know."

Tobe nodded silently.

A knock on the door had them turning in sync. Noah's head popped inside, his eyes flicking between Tobe and her. "Hey, Tobe. Can I have a word with Eden in private?"

"Sure-"

"You don't have to leave, it's your room," Eden cut off her acquiescence.

"Nah, it's cool." She dashed out of there faster than Eden had yet to see her move.

Noah stood aside, letting her go and then he stepped into the room, closing the door behind him.

"Here." He held a gift bag out to her.

Frowning Eden reached for it without thinking. "What is it?" she asked warily.

"I bought it earlier just as a... 'hope you're OK' kind of thing. Now it's a 'please forgive me for being a complete ass' kind of thing. It's been a long day." Right then, Eden knew something bigger was bothering Noah than what had occurred downstairs.

He hadn't looked at her when she'd arrived home. He'd seemed snarky and irritable before she'd even opened her mouth. Suddenly she recalled Val's phone call. She'd gotten so caught up in her time with Tobe that she hadn't remembered to ask.

"What happened today?" She sank onto the bed, bracing herself for bad news.

With a deep exhalation, Noah crossed his arms over his chest and leaned back against the door.

"Chris and Alison came over to the training centre with Cyrus today. I'd already been there for a while and... well... Ankh are a big draw. We don't visit Scotland a lot because the Neith here are some of the best... they usually take care of any bigger problems that come up. I think the last time an Ankh was here was when McLeish made Councilman fifteen years ago."

"Yeah, Tobe mentioned the Ankh are big news when they're in town."

"Mmmhmm. Well I drew a crowd. As soon as the Neith discovered I was training with them the phone calls started and the centre got pretty busy, fast. When Cyrus showed up I thought the walls would cave in with all the excitement."

"I thought we were supposed to be keeping a low profile?"

"Don't worry. Cyrus has it covered with McLeish. The Neith not in the immediate family just think you're a regular old Ankh. A newbie. So expect lots of staring." Yay, Eden thought miserably, just what I need. "That's not what's got you so worried."

"No," Noah agreed, raking a hand through his hair. "You know how Chris senses things?"

"Yeah?"

"Well in among the crowd he sensed something... he sensed betrayal." Her heart began thudding in her chest as a wave of dread flooded over her. "About me?"

"He doesn't know, but it's got Cyrus and Val and I pretty paranoid." An annoying prickle of impotence gnawed at her. "So what? Christopher can't tell us who? Or what?"

"Nope. He's going to keep alert though, keep digging."

"Great," Eden sighed. "I knew this couldn't possibly go smoothly." Noah smiled kindly. "Smooth isn't exactly the Ankh way of life." They grew silent, that comfortable, comforting silence they shared when they were friends. Eden glanced up at him from her place on the bed and their eyes met and held. She missed him. Part of her wished she had never found out who he really was just so she could go on living in ignorant bliss as his friend. Or more. A flush of heat took hold of her body at the thought and she pulled her gaze away. She still wasn't used to being able to desire Noah for Noah and not just for his soul.

And she had to keep reminding herself that she was mad at him and had no right to want him.

"So what is this?" she grumbled, lifting the bag onto her lap.

"Uh, just some... stuff."

Eden ripped open the top and reached in to the gift bag. What she pulled out made her heart triple beat. The latest copy of Shonen Jump and a Keri Arthur novel. She couldn't look at him. "Where did you get Shonen?"

"They had it at this bookstore on Princes Street. I went down there after training." All these stupid, stupid emotions got caught in her throat, burning and choking her and making her want to cry. She couldn't look at him. She was afraid he'd see how he made her feel and jump on it as the weakness it was. "Thanks," she replied gruffly. "Appreciate it." Noah didn't say anything for a moment and then he heaved a sigh. "Sure," he said in a somewhat defeated tone. "No problem." At the sound of him opening the door Eden finally drew up the courage to look at him. He smirked back at her unhappily. "I'm glad you didn't cut your hair." And with that he left; leaving Eden to feel as if he had cut a gaping hole out of her chest and taken it out the door with him.

Chapter Ten

Merrit MacDouglas

Despite her inner turmoil, and the ironic fact that Tobe, like her 'Nana' , was a 'cover-hogger', Eden fell into a deep sleep, exhausted by the full day she'd experienced. So it was with a groan and a scowl she had obeyed Cyrus' whispers to get up, sliding out of the bed quietly so she didn't wake October up. It was light outside but one glance at the alarm clock on Tobe's bedside cabinet told Eden it was early. Bemoaning the early wake up call, Eden silently grabbed some clothes and headed off to the bathroom for a shower. She tied her wet hair up into a messy bun, with no worry that she'd catch a cold in the chill morning air. Without a word she followed her guardian out of the house and into the most crisp air she'd ever breathed in. It flooded her lungs, and widened her eyes, enveloping her in energy and newness. The sun hung low in the sky, not hot enough to bank the shivers, but warm enough to cast a glittering glow over everything, present enough to fill Eden with an unexpected feeling of contentment.

A spring morning in Scotland had just made its way up the ranks as one of her favourite things ever.

"What are we doing?" she asked, pulling on a thin sweater over her t-shirt.

Cyrus smiled at her. "Going for breakfast before training."

"Just the two of us?"

"Just the two of us."

She liked that. Trying not to grin like a little kid heading off to the ice cream parlour, Eden found stride with Cyrus. As they made their way out onto the main street, she enjoyed the quieter flow of traffic, the smell of fresh bread and coffee in the air. She enjoyed the comfortable silence between her and her guardian. Cyrus had long legs and Eden quickened her step to match up with him again.

Becoming aware of people staring at him as they passed, Eden ran her eyes over him, trying to work out what they saw. Like every other day he wore an expensive sweater moulded to his fit body.

Today the sweater was black. But instead of the usual tailored trousers, Cyrus wore black jeans and a pair of walking boots, both of which were probably designer. He reeked of wealth. Is that what people saw when they looked at him? Or was it just that he was good-looking? Or was it that 'I wouldn't mess with me if I were you' aspect in his eyes?

As if sensing her stare, Cyrus slanted a look at her, smirking. "What is it?"

"People are staring at you," she answered promptly.

He laughed softly. "They are also staring at you."

"They are?" Eden glanced up and sure enough caught the eye of a young woman who very quickly lowered her gaze and hurried by them. "What's that all about?"

"Contrary to popular belief, humans are not stupid. They sense there is something different about us."

"Hmm."

She didn't say much after that. Instead she patiently waited for Cyrus to buy her coffee and a bagel and lead her to a quiet bench. Clearly there was something he wanted to discuss. As she settled in next to him, her eye caught the silver ring on the middle finger of his right hand. Noah and his father wore the same ring. It was a masculine silver square with an ankh-shaped onyx stone inset into the centre. Valeria and Emma wore a smaller, more feminine version of the ring. Eden wondered if all Ankh wore one.

She nodded at it. "What is that?"

Cyrus' mouth quirked up as he followed her gaze. He shifted his hand in the light, the black stone winking in the morning sun. "I sometimes think you read my mind, Eden."

"Oh?"

Eyes smiling, Cyrus reached into his pocket and pulled out a small ring, exactly like Val and Emma's. "All Ankh wear the ring. It began with your mother believe it or not." At the mention of Merrit, Eden's heart began to beat faster. Suddenly she wanted to know everything about the warrior she had never met, the warrior that had captured someone like Cyrus'

heart. "My mother?"

He nodded, his eyes growing sad. "She gifted me with it in 1678. We were in Rome at the time, hunting an extremely powerful soul eater. He had taken a piece of soul from one of our kin, a young Ankh, Joseph. Not only did we need to stop this soul eater, we needed to get Joseph's soul back." Eden blinked, shaking her head. "Wait, you can do that?"

Cyrus nodded patiently. "There is so much to tell you, Eden. So much." He shook his head. "I don't want to burden you with too much information too soon."

"No, no," she argued. "Just hit me with it. I want to know all this stuff. I can take it. I promise." She waited as Cyrus took a bite of his bagel and a sip of his coffee, glancing around casually to make sure they were still relatively alone. "Alright. If you kill a soul eater in the vicinity of someone who has lost a piece of soul to the said soul eater then the victim's soul returns to his or her body.

Joseph's soul made this particular soul eater incredibly strong, so it was doubly imperative for us to find him. Merrit and I had difficulty taking Joseph with us to hunt the soul eater because he had become a dark creature, almost devoid of humanity. In the end we had to keep incapacitating him. In the struggle to bring the soul eater back to our lodgings in the city, I was distracted when Merrit was knocked unconscious. The soul eater managed to grab the tiniest piece of my soul before Merrit regained consciousness and helped me take down the beast." Her heart was hammering just thinking about it. In her head she had built up Cyrus to be this completely indestructible being. But according to him there were soul eaters out there strong enough to get the better of him. Not good. Not good at all.

"We killed the soul eater. I got my soul back, as did Joseph, who is still around and kicking. He is investigating some troubling news in Dublin that suggests there is a group of soul eaters in the city." Cyrus shook his head, realising he was getting off track. "But to what I was saying," he smirked, as his eyes glazed over a little at the memories, "Your mother was never the most romantic woman. She was far too straightforward and gung-ho. But what nearly happened to me frightened her and she got a little sentimental. Part of that reaction was this gift." He held up his hand, turning it so the silver of the ring glinted at her. "She said the Princeps deserved a little ostentation in his life." Cyrus closed his eyes briefly, his features tight with pain.

The hollow heartbreak in her guardian's voice as he spoke about his dead love echoed painfully in Eden's chest. She blinked back surprising tears, wanting to reach out and grab a hold of him. Instead she bowed her head, not wanting to embarrass him with her sympathy.

He cleared his throat. "Merrit's purpose had been to give me something symbolic of my authority.

Instead I had other rings made for the rest of the Ankh. I liked the idea of unity and kinship. Yes, we fought side by side with Neith, but they could never understand the exhaustion of immortality, the weight of forever on your shoulders. My brothers and sisters could. So I had the rings made as a promise to them. A promise of loyalty and friendship. A promise that they would never be alone in this endless life."

More tears threatened to spill down Eden's cheeks at his words. How lucky the Ankh were to be blessed with a Princeps who was still capable of such feeling and compassion after all these centuries. How lucky she was.

"This is yours now." Cyrus lifted her right hand from her lap and slid the ring onto her index finger. It fit perfectly. He gave her a small, sad smile. "It was your mother's." Well that did it. Not able to fight it, tears spilled over her blinking lids as she felt the cool silver against her skin. That silver had pressed against her mother's skin. She ached in every part of her body, a deep and raw feeling, like someone had pummelled her with a meat hammer. She wished with every cell in her body that she'd had the chance to know her.

"What was she like? How did you meet?"

At first she was afraid Cyrus wasn't going to answer. Eden wouldn't have blamed him; she'd already seen how the memories of her mother hurt him. But perhaps he could also see the desperation in her eyes, the need to understand where she really came from. Placing the styrofoam cup of coffee down on the bench, Cyrus leaned back and closed his eyes for a moment. "It was 1346. I had met Merrit twice, once when she was fifteen when I met with her mother, a Scottish Ankh warrior only a few centuries older than Merrit. And again a few hundred years or so later when England invaded Scotland in the late 13th century. Battles enticed the soul eaters. They like war. It is easy for them to take the souls of dying men and women on the battlefield. That is why we have several Ankh in combat areas all over the world. Anyway, Merrit and I did not cross paths again until a few decades later when her mother was killed. In many ways Merrit was still so young. You see it with Noah. He is seventy but sometimes you forget he is not just a teenager. Merrit was very similar and she had never been alone so I had no intention of leaving her out in the cold. She came to me and I welcomed her into my home." He snorted. "She was really very annoying and brash with her forthright bluntness and unladylike behaviour."

Eden grinned, thoroughly tickled at the thought of her young mother getting on Cyrus' ancient nerves.

He sighed. "I had been sleep-walking for so long. The trials of eternity, Eden. You start to lose connection. You become desensitized to people and their motivations: love, power, jealousy, greed, hate, anger. It all begins to lose meaning. I did my job. I hunted those who preyed on humans, I ran The Circle, I oversaw the Neith. But there was no joy in my life. Until your mother. I was living in France at the time because of the conflict. The House of Valois fighting the House of Plantagenet for the French throne-"

"Wait, Valois?" Eden's eyes widened at the possible implication.

Cyrus smiled. "No, no relation," he assured her. "Noah's father has no links to French royalty. The House of Valois was founded a few centuries after Alain's birth by Charles IV of France. We have no time for a history lesson and it is all quite complicated but it's suffice to say Charles Valois had a claim to the French throne as did the Plantagenets, the rulers of England who had roots in France and in the royal line. A very complex and very long war broke out. You may have heard of it... The Hundred Years War?"

Eden screwed up her face. "Yeah but I'm not going to lie, history has never been my strong suit." He frowned. "I hope I am not boring you then."

"No, God, no," she rushed to assure him. "It's totally interesting when you're talking to someone who's actually been there."

He seemed to consider that. "I suppose it might be. Now where was I?"

"You were in France when my mom came to you."

"Yes. I was in France because I knew the conflict would attract soul eaters. Merrit's mother died so she got on a boat and found me. I welcomed her into my home and in return she aggravated the hell out of me and turned my world upside down."

"How?" Eden snuggled back into the hard bench, that romantic side of her she'd thought she'd hidden so well (clearly not from Noah who knew about her addiction to paranormal romance books) desperate to hear her mother's love story.

"People rarely challenged me, because of who I was, how old I was. Even humans who did not know the significance of my position treated me deferentially. As it was they were wary of me because of my colouring, whispering 'Saracen' behind my back. But even the knights dared not approach me. Even women of common origin gave me wide berth as did Ladies who were taught to be docile and obedient. They were raised with impeccable manners and were shy and unassuming for the most part."

"Except for Joan of Arc," Eden interrupted. "I kind of listened in class when we got around to the stuff about her."

Cyrus smiled. "That does not surprise me. Joan of Arc was present later in The Hundred Years War. Your mother was fascinated by the tales of her and sought her out."

"Wait, my mom met Joan of freakin' Arc?"

He nodded. "Yes. I believe Merrit admired her obvious intelligence and bravery but was somewhat unsettled by her fervour. She was even more intimidating than Merrit and that is saying something. Your mother could cow a person with one simple look."

"I can't believe my mother met Joan of Arc. I did not wake up this morning expecting that little revelation."

Cyrus smiled softly. "There are many stories. And I will tell you them. In time." Still reeling, Eden took a moment to come back to Cyrus and when she did she frowned. "You didn't finish. You were saying women were different back then...?"

"Ah yes. I had not been around another female warrior in a long time. The Circle met rarely back then because travelling was not as easy. Valeria had left to live with Darius over a century before Merrit's arrival. I was used to strong-willed women but even Valeria was reluctant to question me.

Merrit questioned everything. She said I had lost myself and she was determined to find me." His eyes grew soft. "And she did. We trained together, we hunted; she pulled me back into society for a while so I could remember what it was to be human. Her quick and honest tongue did land us in a few scuffles but I found myself inexplicably addicted to her company. It was a day or so after the Battle of Poitier, we had been hunting together for ten years, and we were hunting a soul eater who was preying on the dying soldiers. The soul eater found Merrit and I barely got to her in time to save her. I knew then."

"Knew what?" Eden asked in a hushed voice.

"That I loved her. That I could not live without her."

"What did she say?"

Cyrus burst out into laughter as he remembered. "She said... 'Well it took you long enough, Cyrus of Persepolis.'"

Eden smiled. "She was already in love with you."

"I was a fool to have not seen it."

A sweet silence fell over them, and together they sat staring as the flow of traffic grew busier, and more people descended out onto the streets, hurrying to their work. Eden's eyes caught on a couple as they came out of their apartment and kissed before turning to walk off in opposite directions. Her eyes followed the woman, who turned a couple of times to look back at the guy. "I'm sorry," she whispered without looking at Cyrus. "I'm sorry you lost her." He was quiet a moment before he replied softly, "I am sorry you never got to know her." Chapter Eleven

Standing Ground... Underground

"By now I would imagine you realise that the only way to kill a soul eater is by decapitation," Cyrus said as they walked back toward the Douglas home.

Subconsciously, Eden guessed she had known that because of what she'd witnessed in her parents

- well - her father's home when the soul eaters had been decapitated. An image of Stellan's death flashed across her eyes before she could stop it and she winced, shuddering at the sick, morose feeling that stole over her. "Yeah, I got that part."

"Good. Well, it is not as easy as it may sound-"

Eden grunted. "Uh what sounds easy about decapitation?"

"Oh. Right. I keep forgetting you are more seventeen year old American teen than ancient warrior."

"Yeah well just give me a few days." She grinned cockily trying to shake off the pall cast by Stellan's memory.

Cyrus didn't smile back. "This is serious, Eden. Your training here will be pivotal. I cannot send you out to hunt if I am not absolutely confident in your abilities." She felt her defences rise. After all, hadn't she already fought off Neith by herself? She had done pretty OK in the past, and now that she didn't have the hunger messing with her she was able to concentrate fully on all the skills she would need to acquire to hunt down monsters.

"Fighting Neith is not the same as fighting soul eaters. Soul eaters are stronger than Neith; that is why Neith train twice as hard as we do."

Perturbed by his intuition Eden glowered at him. "What, have you been taking lessons from Noah on mind reading or something?"

"No." Cyrus smiled now. "But I am coming to understand you, and what I do not know, Noah has told me. He knows you very well, Eden."

The thought of her ex-best friend sent her heart into palpitations. To forgive or not to forgive, that is the question. "You know it's really clear whose side you're on."

"I am not a teenager, Eden, I do not take sides. I would just like to remind you that Noah was under orders and he disliked lying to you. He does care about you."

"You think I should forgive him?"

"Enough to let him prepare you. He is excellent at what he does, Eden. He will make you an excellent hunting partner if you can allow yourself to trust him."

"I trust you."

"Then trust me when I say you can trust Noah."

Cyrus came to a stop outside McLeish's home and Eden slowed to a halt beside him. She found herself staring at the ground in concentration, chewing on her lip as she thought over what Cyrus was suggesting. Noah had hurt her. In fact she was pretty sure Noah may have broken her heart. There was no way you could just shrug off that kind of hurt like it had never happened. But she also knew in that rational part of her brain she now owned that Noah hadn't meant to hurt her. He was just doing his job and, from what she had witnessed so far, the Ankh were kind of big on duty... even to the point of being arrogant elitists. Was it possible to come to some kind of halfway point concerning the first guy who had ever crushed her?

"OK." Eden nodded, lifting her head to meet Cyrus' dark gaze. "I'm not quite ready to be friends with him but I will... I will trust him. I can do that."

The Princeps face softened. "I am glad. Inside this training centre are some Neith aware of what you are. We need to be careful. We need to be together in this."

"There you are."

Eden and Cyrus looked up toward the house to see McLeish stepping out of his front door. She followed Cyrus as he made his way towards the Councilman she didn't trust.

"Good morning, Councilman," Cyrus greeted him formally.

McLeish nodded, his lips set in a grim straight line. "Mornin', Princeps. Ms MacDouglas. You've caught me just in time. I have to leave for work in ten minutes." Eden furrowed her brow as her eyes swept his attire. He was dressed in a dark navy suit.

Somehow she couldn't see him as the businessman type.

"Councilman McLeish is a police officer. A Detective Inspector with the Lothian and Borders Police," Cyrus explained as they stepped inside the house. "We have many Neith in positions of authority, Eden, in case incriminating discoveries are made and we need to cover them up." OK, that sounded creepy and ominous. "Incriminating discoveries?" It was McLeish who answered, his eyes washing over her face with little expression, "Bodies of soul eaters. We need to be able to dispose of them. We have people on local boards of authority who deal with the cemeteries, so we can usually bury soul eaters there without recourse. Sometimes, however, we don't have time and if those bodies come back to haunt us we need people, like myself and others, who can make the questions go away."

Eden gulped. How had she not thought about all of this? You were pretty preoccupied with your own crap, remember. Torture chamber in the basement. The hunger to kill your best friend. PSAT's.

You know, the usual. "Gotcha."

"It's a good thing your eyes have changed colour," McLeish suddenly said, and she found herself abruptly caught in his burning gaze. "They were unnerving." The reminder that he didn't trust her because of her heritage burned. It wasn't like it was her fault.

She had been born that way and she had done her damnedest not to hurt anyone. She had fought against her nature and she was trying goddammit! Before Cyrus could remark (and she could feel his own bristling tension beside her) Eden stepped forward, narrowing her eyes on the Councilman. "I expect that to be the last comment you ever make about my heritage, Councilman McLeish, or I'll consider it a breach of our agreement to keep what I am quiet." She watched as his jaw clenched, his arms crossing over his chest defiantly. He clearly didn't like being dressed down by a teenage girl. He shot her a withering look before turning to Cyrus as if expecting his reprisal on his behalf. One casual look at her guardian and all she saw was onyx pride in his eyes. She turned back to the Councilman, her eyebrow quirked up expectantly.

Glowering, McLeish lowered his crossed arms and nodded tightly. "Understood."

"Now that we are all clear, I would like to take Eden into the training centre." Cyrus took hold of her arm gently to guide her through the house.

"I'm afraid it's busy this morning. It's a bank holiday so some of my people are off work today and the kids are off school... word spread about Noah being here yesterday and well... they're all excited at the possibility of training with him."

"Well, they will have to wait their turn. Noah is promised to Eden." She shivered at Cyrus' word choice. It sounded so romantic and enticing... and she completely hated the little treacherous butterflies that emerged out of their cocoons in her stomach at the thought of her and Noah in a sentence together, as if they were a couple.

"Of course," McLeish growled and strode past them out of the kitchen door and into the large backyard. A high wooden fence bordered the entire yard from their neighbours, but the theatre next door was pretty hard to miss. At the end of McLeish's yard was a large wooden shed. "How are you going to explain the fact that she's not already trained?" Eden looked to Cyrus. Yeah, how were they going to explain that?

"I told you. The story is that she has been raised by Valeria and I, and I have been overprotective since the death of my wife, but now that Eden is almost eighteen I have decided it is time she takes up her duty."

"And you really think they'll believe that?" McLeish's eyes may not have rolled but his tone did it for them. Eden really wanted to punch the guy.

Cyrus' voice grew low and menacing as he retorted, "They will believe whatever you tell them to believe."

Finally the Councilman looked unnerved, paling at Cyrus' 'scary voice'. "Of course." Eden hurried after Cyrus as he followed McLeish into the dark shed. He flicked a switch and she glanced around. It was full of tools and other random crap. What was this? He smirked evilly at her (such a child!) and flicked another switch. She gasped as the floor opened beneath them, a concrete staircase leading down into a brightly lit hall.

"This is the access to the training centre under the theatre," Cyrus explained, nudging her forward.

"Thank you, Councilman. I can take it from here."

"Your boy and Valeria are already inside."

"Is Tobe?" Eden asked just as McLeish was about to leave. She really hoped the girl was there because even though she had decided to trust Noah, it would be nice to have someone there that she kind of counted as a friend.

McLeish frowned at her question and she just knew he wasn't happy about the idea of her befriending one of 'his people'. "Aye."

"Great." The smile she threw him was deliberately taunting and she enjoyed the way he ground his teeth before storming back out of the shed. She turned to Cyrus and said dryly, "I don't think he likes me very much."

Cyrus shrugged and began descending the staircase. "It does not matter. You asserted yourself with him. It was good."

Grinning at the praise, Eden forgot to be nervous as she followed him underground. The dank corridor veered to the right and Eden's smile promptly slid off her face. The halls were so oppressive.

She drew in a deep breath, trying not to feel claustrophobic. As they walked through the downwards sloping halls, noise began filtering towards her, grunts and cheers and the buzz of murmuring.

Cyrus took a left and stopped in front of double doors. "You ready?"

"Are they all going to stare?"

"Yes. But only because you are with me and you are Ankh."

"A few of them know though. Those people we met a few days ago. They know. They're going to look at me like I'm a freak."

"Then those are the ones you are going to pick to spar with. A few beatings should knock the judgement out of them."

Eden laughed. "Yeah, you think so?"

"I know so." He heaved a sigh and gripped the handle on the doors. "Today you will spend your time in here, training with Noah and possibly October if she wishes it, in hand to hand combat. When you are ready I will take you into training room two further up the hall. There you will learn weapons training."

"Wait." Eden stopped him before he could open the door. "Weapons training?" He reached out for her, brushing a stray strand of hair off her face. "Do not look so nervous, Eden.

Surely you noticed we only fight with swords?"

Now that he mentioned it...

"The art of decapitation," he explained wryly. "We are warriors, we do not believe in guns. We fight only with swords."

"But the soul eaters use guns. My mo- I mean Celine had one, Ryan shot you." Cyrus nodded. "Yes, but we are immortal, Eden. It takes much to kill us and like the soul eaters, decapitation or a sword through the heart usually works best. Guns do not kill soul eaters, they barely even slow them down, and stray bullets can kill innocent bystanders. So we fight with our bodies and with swords."

"OK."

"Are you ready?"

"Yeah, let's get this done."

As soon as Cyrus swung the door open and stepped inside a hush fell over the room. Eden realised McLeish's idea of busy and her idea were totally different. There were about forty people in the room. She'd been expecting hundreds. Her eyes swept the area, widening. The ceiling was way higher than she'd assumed it would be so the training room wasn't nearly as oppressive as the halls.

In the far corner of the massive gym hall was a weight area where a few Neith were working out.

Beside it were exercise machines and monkey bars. The rest of the room was taken up by four large mats where four partners sparred. Neith were scattered around the edges of the mats, watching and waiting for their turn. The sparring partners had stopped too at Cyrus and Eden's entrance and Eden's gaze locked on Noah who stood on the far left mat, a Neith warrior on his back, his arm twisted in Noah's fist. Noah's foot was planted firmly on his chest. Eden grimaced. That looked uncomfortable.

Noah was sooo going to kick her ass.

Just as she thought it, Noah caught her look and smirked cockily. Eden sighed inwardly and crossed her arms over her chest. The problem with Noah was that he was too damn sure of himself.

He needed someone like her. Someone who would a throw a curve ball every now and then, otherwise he would just recycle the only two expressions he had in his repertoire: careful stoic blankness and arrogant smirk. Relaxing her own features Eden gave him a friendly-ish nod and watched with delight as his eyes first widened and then narrowed suspiciously.

Not being mad at Noah might be more interesting than she'd thought.

Chapter Twelve

Taking it to the mat

No amount of supernatural grace could ever make Noah a good surfer. He'd tried a couple of times but each time his Ankh strength had failed him and he was constantly being thrown off balance and buried by the waves. Life with Eden was kind of like that. Yesterday in training he'd almost crushed the Neith under his foot when Eden had given him the nod.

She was talking to him now?!

Of course he'd tried desperately to scramble for equilibrium, his cool calm that made him so...

cool. But by then it was too late. She had seen his surprise. It didn't stop him from trying to regain some semblance of casual nonchalance by smoothing his features and instructing her in hand to hand combat. And still Eden surprised him. She listened to him without comment, only doling out smart ass comments to October who was her sparring partner. Together he and Tobe, and that annoying nephew of Councilman McLeish, Cameron, walked Eden through a number of varied manoeuvres the Ankh had taken from different martial arts. They started off with the grittier stuff, grappling and boxing, using the ancient Greek art Pankration, some Judo, and Hawaiian Lua. All of them taught how to take down an opponent and keep them down - flips, hammer fists, neck cranks, eye gouging, bone breaking, tracheal grip chokes, arm locks... anything a warrior needed to know about incapacitating a soul eater if they found themselves without a weapon that would actually kill it. And Eden was a fast learner. In fact, Tobe was covered in bruises and Eden had had to be reminded more than a few times that she was stronger than Neith and to go easier on the young warrior. These martial arts were the deadliest of their kind and Noah had to focus absolutely so that no one got hurt.

It was only after training, as they headed back to Tobe's and Cameron ( dick) said a flirty goodbye to Eden, that Noah could dwell on the fact that Eden was actually treating him like a person again. He'd looked to Cyrus for answers but his Princeps was too busy praising his adopted daughter for her great first day.

At dinner that night Eden hadn't actually talked to Noah, but whenever he did speak she didn't throw him her normal death stare. So yeah, he was off-balance and hated that Eden could do that to him. He couldn't afford to be off-balance doing the job that he did and that's why he had to turn down Christopher's invitation to go investigating what sounded like a soul eater den in the apartments above a club in New Town. According to Chris there hadn't been a den in about five years and the last soul eater to hit Edinburgh had been two months ago. So yeah, possible den, big news. Just the kind of thing he usually jumped on. But he couldn't because all he was thinking about was if Eden forgave him and if so what that meant for him? He was turning into a freakin' milksop.

Guess he couldn't make fun of his dad anymore for being whipped. Noah sighed and flopped down on the pallet he had made on the floor in the room he was sharing with Cyrus. Cyrus hadn't turned down the invitation to investigate and he'd had to shut Eden down when she'd asked to go. She and Tobe had retired to Tobe's room to grumble about being left out. And Noah... Noah had watched her walk out of the room, wondering what it would be like to train with Eden, to wrestle her to the mat, her slender body with curves in all the right places flush with his... he groaned and beat at his pillow.

I had this coming, Noah thought wryly. He'd messed around with so many girls, broke so many hearts and made so many of them cry. This was payback. Growling in frustration he slammed upright, pulling out three pieces of paper each with a Neith girl's phone number. They'd accosted him at different times during the day, seeming to enjoy his cool perusal, his monosyllabic responses.

Eden would slap him if he ever looked at her like that.

"Balls," he whispered, crumpling the papers up and throwing them across the room into the waste paper basket with perfect aim. What had that nod meant?

***

"I thought I was sword training today?" Eden asked as Noah led her into the training room the next morning. With the Bank Holiday over, the room was much quieter; all the young warriors back at school, including Tobe and Cameron, leaving a few older ones who didn't work or worked from home or went to college. They nodded deferentially to Noah as he walked in. Every single mat was being used and he drew to a stop to wait patiently for one to free up.

"Well?" Eden persisted.

After an almost sleepless night, Noah had decided to play it cool with her if he could. She enjoyed messing with him - he could tell - so he wasn't going to give her the satisfaction.

Even though he was desperate to know why she was talking to him again.

"Yesterday was good but you need to practice with someone stronger than Tobe or Cameron."

"Cameron was pretty strong."

He threw her a quick look. She was smiling smugly. What? Did she have feelings for that little Scottish knob? Noah grunted. "Not strong enough."

"Well then, who am I fighting today? You?"

Was it just him or did she look a little wary about that? He grinned inwardly. "Yeah. As soon as we get a mat."

"Hi, Noah."

They turned and Noah was faced with one of the older Neith girls. Or woman, he should say.

Natalie. She'd been coming on to him pretty strong the first day he arrived at the training centre.

Natalie was Eden's height with soft blonde hair and huge, gorgeous, chocolaty eyes. She also looked about twenty five, twenty six, and was exactly the type of woman he would have fooled around with before he met Eden. "Natalie." He nodded politely.

The Neith beamed, clearly ecstatic that he had remembered her. "Nice to see you again. This is James." She jerked a thumb in the direction of her sparring partner who looked a little disgruntled by her obvious interest in Noah. "We were just finishing up so you can have the mat." Noah smiled. "Thank you, we appreciate it."

Grinning suggestively, Natalie stepped a little closer to him and asked quietly, "You know I can stick around if you need someone to spar with?"

At the sound of Eden's grunt, Noah flicked a look at her out of the corner of his eye. He caught her throwing the Neith a disbelieving and disgusted look. A rush of feeling shot through Noah's veins. Was Eden jealous of the flirty Neith? He raised an eyebrow at the implications. Hmm. Maybe I should play on this, he mused. He could flirt with the Neith, try to make Eden jealous in order to force her to acknowledge that there was so much more between them.

Wait, what the eff?!

Irritated at his crazy thoughts, Noah shot an incredulous look at Eden. The girl was turning him into an idiot. Noah was not a game player. He was direct, honest and straight to the point. There was no way this- whatever this was - was going to change who he was.

He shot Natalie a cool look. "I've got a sparring partner, but thanks." He took a gentle hold of Eden's elbow and led her to the mat.

*

Eden couldn't help it. She was majorly relieved that Noah hadn't started flirting back with Natalie the Neith with the bedroom eyes. Her relief made her uncomfortable. Uncomfortable with how possessive she still felt towards Noah. The night of Doug Brown's party pushed its way to the forefront of her thoughts. That sophomore had riled Eden back then and she'd felt so smug that Noah hadn't been interested, that he'd chosen to find Eden and leave with her. With everything that had happened between them, she was so sure those feelings for him would at least be muted if not gone.

Why she'd thought that she wasn't sure, considering every time she thought of Stellan, she thought of Romany, and then thought of Noah and all the negativity she felt towards him threatened to rear its ugly head again. And it wasn't just because his ex-girlfriend killed Stellan - although that was a huge part of it - but also because all the time she'd had fluffy feelings for him, he'd actually been seeing someone behind her back.

"OK, ready to start?" Noah asked, shrugging out of his jacket and throwing it to the floor offside the mat. His pale violet eyes were full of patience and familiarity.

It was only yesterday that Eden had promised Cyrus that she would forgive Noah. And she had. I have, she reminded herself. She got the importance of their duty now and Noah had just been following orders. She forgave him. She did. She really, really did. She forgave them all. Except Romany. Stellan's murderer could never be forgiven.

"Sure." Eden shrugged, pulling off her sweater so she could train in her tank top. She grinned cheekily at Noah as she threw it aside. "So, does being Ankh mean we always get our own way?" He frowned. "What are you talking about?"

She bobbed her head towards the entrance where the two Neith had disappeared. "Those guys handing that mat over as soon as we walked in?"

"Ah." He nodded with a knowing, somewhat arrogant smile that tugged at something in her lower belly. "Yeah pretty much."

Chuckling at his unabashed superiority Eden shook her head. "It's a miracle you haven't been beaten up more."

"Hey." Noah shrugged. "Look, it's just the way that it is. We're old, we're more powerful and we're the only ones that can take down the seriously strong soul eaters. We have to believe in ourselves if we're going to face the kind of danger that we face. The Neith get that." Eden thought of Natalie. "Some of them certainly do treat you like rock stars." He gave her a look that told her he caught her meaning but didn't respond. Instead he rubbed his hands together. "OK, I'm going to come at you with a punch and I want you to use what you learned yesterday to incapacitate me."

Now that he was getting down to business Eden tried to shrug off her wariness. Yesterday had been fun but training with Noah made her nervous. She'd seen him in action, felt how strong he was.

This... wasn't going to be easy. Exhaling, Eden took a defensive stance and waited for Noah.

His arm shot out, a blur of movement Eden hadn't ever encountered before. Despite his speed, Noah's training kicked in and she stepped into the punch. Eden grabbed his wrist, rolling it as she twisted his arm. Noah winced as she pushed him to his knees, putting pressure on his upper arm as she pulled the arm upwards, poised to break it. She did it in seconds, as much of a blur as his attack had been.

Noah grinned up at her. "Good."

"Thanks."

"Uh you can let go now."

"Oh, sorry," she mumbled, releasing him and watching with a little smidge of sadistic satisfaction as he rubbed his arm.

"You've gotten stronger with the change."

At the comment Eden flexed her hands, staring at them. She didn't feel any stronger but she guessed Noah would know. "That's good though right?"

"That's excellent. Now, come on, let's see if you can get me into a neck crank." For the next half hour or so Noah attacked and Eden defended. Smacking Noah to the mat time after time was hugely satisfying and in a way was really helping along the whole forgiving him thing.

She thought maybe he knew that because he kept giving her these wry, knowing looks every time she attacked him with more force than was necessary. He didn't say anything, just rolled his eyes at her and went on to try something new.

"OK." Noah sprung to his feet, barely winded by her last smackdown. The guy was like the freakin' Energiser bunny. "This time when you defend, I'm going to keep attacking." Her heart was already pumping pretty fast. Now it spluttered.

Shake it off, Eden, she told herself. You can take him.

Hadn't she already?

I can do this.

"Sure," she replied, keeping her face carefully expression free.

As he punched Noah stepped forward with his right leg. Eden pushed the punch away with force so that Noah was thrown off balance, leaving his leg undefended. She pounded her knee into the side of his upper thigh with total brutality and watched his eyes narrow with pain as his leg crumpled, taking him to the mat. Stupidly triumphant, Eden forgot that Noah was fighting back and just stood gloating as he fell. But as soon as he hit the mat, he swung his good leg up and caught her behind the knees. Eden crashed to the mat, the air whooshing out of her lungs. She'd barely blinked once and Noah was on top of her, his strong upper thighs caging her legs, his lower legs trapping hers and his hands gripping hers above her head. Trying to move was useless. She pushed her body up at him but he wouldn't budge. Growling in frustration, she collapsed against the mat and glared up into Noah's smiling eyes.

She was totally caught.

"Told you I was going to fight back," he murmured.

The low vibrato of his voice sent a shiver down Eden's spine and she was suddenly completely aware of the fact that Noah was straddling her. The heat of his body soaked into hers, his face inches above her. Eden's breath caught and the sound seemed to make its way through Noah's body because she felt him tense and watched his eyes narrow and darken as they drifted over her face to her lips.

Attraction rippled in waves off of both of them and Eden couldn't remember where they were or what they had been doing. All she cared about was the delicious tingling in her body, the flush of heat that held her captive, the way the sight of Noah's mouth and strong jawline and throat sent dangerous shivers cascading over her and caused a strange but pleasant tug in her lower abdomen.

His lidded eyes drew back to hers and Eden felt triumphant at the sight of Noah's desire. She had been right. He did want her.

"I hope I am not interrupting."

They both froze.

Cyrus.

With a hastiness that was almost comical Noah slid off of her, throwing her a desperately pleading look as she gasped at the feel of his body whispering over hers.

"Sorry," she mumbled, not sure what she was apologising for and feeling very stupid all of sudden. No longer able to look at Noah, Eden scrambled to her feet to face Cyrus and Val. Her guardian didn't look angry but he was certainly eyeing Noah strangely. And then she saw it. The dark flash of warning in his gaze. When Noah tensed beside her she knew he had gotten the message.

Eden glanced at Val for reassurance and only saw resignation on her face. Eden frowned at that.

"Eden," Cyrus spoke, drawing her gaze back to his. His eyes were carefully blank once again.

"You will resume training with Valeria with Noah coaching." Neither of them argued as Val joined Eden on the mat and Noah stepped off to the side beside Cyrus. As she began to spar with Val, a studied politeness developed between her and Noah. On the outside it was as if nothing had happened. On the inside... Eden couldn't stop remembering what it felt like to have the pressure of Noah's body on hers. It was the most delicious feeling she had ever felt. She'd felt so awake. So real. It unlike anything she'd ever felt before and it was as addictive and as needy as her soul eater hunger had been but it didn't incite feelings of terror and horror within her.

Instead, it made her feel hot and electric all over. Not at all the kind of feelings she had time to dwell on at the moment. In fact... they were kind of brilliantly inconvenient.

Val's knuckles brushed her cheek in a punch and the Ankh stepped back impatiently. Noah clipped at Eden to focus, his business-like tone icing over some of the earlier warmth. She threw him a dirty look and kicked Val's legs out from underneath her.

Chapter Thirteen

Breathless Clarity

Despite Cyrus' optimism that her training would progress quickly Eden still hadn't gotten around to sword training yet. Instead she had been training nonstop in hand to hand combat all week. Things between her and Noah were a little strained. They had come to a truce of sorts and she was probably politer towards him than she'd ever been, which made her awkward, and she had the feeling it was making Noah uncomfortable. She just didn't want to ignite the spark between them again, and teasing and grouching at him as if he were a friend would certainly do that. As for Noah, Eden wasn't sure what his deal was. On the one hand he'd diligently avoided physical contact with her since their 'mat'

moment but on the other she got the feeling her politeness was driving him nuts. She didn't mean to drive him nuts. She just... jeez, thinking about Noah would give her a headache if Ankh were capable of the affliction.

So focusing on her training not only felt great, but it took her mind off things. Eden had mastered combat and was eager to go on her first hunt. Cyrus and McLeish were positive that there was a group of soul eaters in the city. There had been two murder cases in the last few days and in each case the family members had stated that the accused had been acting very uncharacteristically for days before the attack. They spoke of two women who had been easy going, run-of-the-mill nice, and how they had suddenly undergone some extreme behavioural changes. That and an apparent sighting by one of the Neith was enough for them to go on. However, the den, if there was one, wasn't above the club in New Town. Cyrus and Val had been out with the Neith hunting and investigating, scouring the entire city for any new leads on where the soul eaters could possibly be holing themselves up. The fact that there had been no word made them suspect the den had moved to a private residence. With Val and Cyrus out hunting that left Noah back at the house to babysit her.

She'd tried to say she was perfectly OK with Mhairi and the rest of the Douglas' but Cyrus was adamant Eden remain in the company of an Ankh at all times. She could tell being left out of the hunt was chafing Noah. She could tell because it was beginning to chafe her. Ten days she had been in Edinburgh. Ten days that might as well have been ten years she felt so different. She was changed.

She was strong. Powerful. Capable. She was ready to be redeemed. Pity Cyrus was erring on the side of caution with her. She was so ready to pick up a sword and learn how to use one of those bad boys.

Despite her impatience, Eden wouldn't take back one day of training. Sparring with Cameron and Tobe with Noah coaching had been a lot of fun. They got her sense of humour and it helped that Tobe's was as equally as biting as her own. Sometimes other Neith had joined them. Two in particular had shown up a few times, a couple of college kids called Mark and Shona. Eden couldn't stand the girl. Shona reminded her so much of the girls she'd left behind at South Salton High. Snide and superior. What Eden found particularly irritating was Shona's attitude towards Tobe. She was constantly sniping at the younger Neith and although Tobe was pretty good at handling herself, it was driving Eden nuts. Whatever the girl had against October, Eden was getting plenty fed up of her and had to keep reminding herself that Cyrus wanted her to make as best an impression as possible on the Scots so that her heritage wasn't drawn into question by an already wary McLeish. It helped that Shona's boyfriend Mark was an actually pretty OK guy. Eden wondered what in hell he saw in the blonde though. Unfortunately, despite the other Neith quite happily taking turns to spar with Eden, Shona hadn't volunteered, disappointing her greatly. She was pretty sure a hefty smackdown would have eased her irritation somewhat.

Friday night had come around all too quickly and Eden hadn't been looking forward to being cooped up again. So it was a pleasant surprise when Noah said he'd gotten permission to escort Eden, October and Cameron out for the night. They were going out for dinner and then onto a movie. It was all so normal.

Eden loved Edinburgh at night. There was so much light despite the darkness, so much energy and life. They jumped on a bus that dropped them off on Princes Street, and Eden soaked up the sight of the castle looming in the distance. Her breath still caught every time she looked up at it. October nudged her forward and she followed her companions, watching lots of men in sharp shirts and cologne, women all dressed up in their high heels and dresses, clack back and forth as they sought the next greatest restaurant and bar. Noah smiled at her as he caught her glancing back at the castle again and she shrugged him off with a sheepish smile.

As they passed the gardens and the Scott Monument, Tobe turned so she was facing Eden and began walking backwards. "You have to come back to Edinburgh at Christmas time. The both of you.

This place is beautiful. They put white lights on all the trees and there's a German market that smells amazing and a small fun fair with this huge ferris wheel all lit up. Princes Street at night on a cold Winter's day is the prettiest thing I've ever seen. Even if I do say so myself." Tobe grinned.

"She's right," Cameron agreed. "It's really Christmassy. There's even ice skating down in the gardens."

Christmas had never been a big deal in the Winslow Mansion. Since it was a religious holiday and not a soul eater's religion, they pretended on the outside with everyone else, but on the inside there was no decorations, no tree, no presents. Unlike birthdays, Christmas was blown past with Ryan handing them a wad of cash and telling her and Stel to buy whatever they wanted.

"I wouldn't have thought you guys celebrated Christmas." Eden frowned.

Tobe shrugged still walking backwards, impressing Eden with how she managed not to trip or knock into anyone. "Well of course we don't go to church or anything like that but many people who celebrate Christmas don't go to church."

"You go to the service," Cameron murmured at her.

Eden could swear she saw Tobe's face flush red as made a face at him. "Service?" Tobe huffed, "What? It's cool OK."

Noah snorted. "The defensiveness would make some sense if you told us what you were talking about?"

"There's a Christmas service at McEwan Hall at Edinburgh Uni every year. The Hall is huge and stunning and it has an old organ. They hold a proper Christmas service with these amazing choirs.

It's kind of beautiful."

Eden thought it sounded wonderful. "And you're embarrassed by this why?"

"Because I'm not religious. It's weird for me to go."

"No it's not."

Tobe smiled at her and turned back around.

Cameron grimaced and threw her a look. "I've been telling you it's not weird for five years and you still sneak off to it with a furry hat pulled down over your head so no one recognises you. Eden tells you it's not weird and suddenly it's not."

Eden and Noah shared an amused smile.

Tobe shrugged. "Well she is the authority on weird."

Eden's smirk slipped and Noah smothered a laugh with a cough.

"Thanks, Tobe, real nice."

Her 'cousin' shrugged without looking back. "Don't mention it." They made their way to their destination in relative quiet, letting Eden soak up the atmosphere of the city. Less than ten minutes later and Tobe and Cameron were leading them into a glass front building with two giant metal giraffes outside. The centre had a cinema and a bunch of restaurants and clubs inside it, and they stood for a while trying to agree on where to eat. Eventually they decided on an Asian fusion restaurant and settled around the table in a comfortable silence as they perused the menu. Cameron asked Noah a couple of questions and Eden relaxed as Noah answered them amiably. She'd noticed that Noah had been a little cagey around the cute Neith over the last week. Cameron was a naturally flirty person and she had kind of got the impression that his flirtatiousness with her was bothering Noah.

That made her stupidly happy.

Eden, however, didn't put any stock in Cameron's flirting. She had been watching him and Tobe over the last few days and was beginning to think there was something going on there. Yeah Tobe had said that they had tried dating and quit because it was too much like kissing her cousin but the way they acted around each other had Eden questioning that story. Tobe excused herself to go to the bathroom and Eden watched with amusement as Cameron followed the girl with wistful eyes. She looked at Noah and was surprised to see he had noticed too. They shared a knowing smile that made her feel all warm and fuzzy inside. Flushing, Eden quickly picked up her glass of water and waited for Tobe to come back to the table. Sure enough, Tobe kept glancing at Cameron surreptitiously, just as she had been doing all week. For the first time ever Eden wanted to meddle. She chuckled inwardly at the thought. She'd never had a group of friends before, people that she cared enough about to want to stick her nose in where it didn't belong if it meant bringing two people she liked together in happiness. Her eyes widened. Jeez, when had she become such a cheesy dork? She found herself looking at Noah again. Maybe she had always been a cheesy dork underneath it all. Back in her life in Salton her friendship with Noah had meant the world to her. She would have done anything for him then, even with the soul eater inside of her battling for her conscience. The memory of her depth of feeling for Noah was so sharp, and suddenly not so clouded by his duplicity now that she was Ankh and fully understood what that all meant. When Noah looked up at her, his violet eyes smiled at her and she lost her breath for a moment as she drowned in that familiar look. It was a look that said he cared. And he had looked at her like that for nearly the entire time they had been friends in Salton. For the first time, Eden began to see how difficult it must have been for him to lie to her.

The smile in Noah's eyes dimmed until he was gazing at her with the most intense expression -

almost as if he had seen the light bulb go on in her head.

A kick to her shins broke their eye contact and Eden glanced sharply at Tobe. The girl was grinning suggestively at her, her eyes flicking between her and Noah questioningly. Eden made a face at her and then lowered her gaze to the menu. "I'm thinking lemon chicken. What are you guys having?"

Dinner was fun. Now that Noah had relaxed around Cameron the two of them discovered they had the same taste in music, literature and movies. Eden swore she and Tobe could have walked away from the table and they wouldn't have even noticed their absence. Instead she sat and had a similar conversation with Tobe, the boys only interrupting if they heard them talking about a band or a movie they liked. There was a lot of teasing sarcasm flying around and Eden was amazed by how much fun she was having.

So this was what it was like to have friends.

The movie selection was a little disappointing so they eventually decided on a comedy about a group of guys in the 80's. There was some laugh out loud moments but Eden had seen funnier. They trailed out of the cinema back into the light of the centre discussing the film with the lukewarm reception it had received.

"God, it brought back memories," Noah said, running a hand through his hair and shuddering. "So glad the 80's are over. The hair, the clothes, the music. Not cool." The others laughed but Eden drew to an abrupt halt.

Noah was like... really seventy! Why was that just hitting her? Cyrus and Val were really old, yeah, but Noah? Well, he acted so 'current' that she kind of forgot that he had lived through World War II and the Civil Rights Movement and Vietnam and... disco.

"What is it?" Noah asked turning back to her, his eyebrows furrowed with concern.

Eden gave him a little smile. "I was just thinking you'll have to tell me about it sometime."

"What the 80's?"

"Your life."

His eyes brightened and his mouth quirked up into a sexy half smile. "Anytime."

"Oh, out on a double date are we?" an annoying sugary sweet Celtic voice shot through Eden. She closed her eyes and groaned . Shona. The four of them turned as Shona and Mark strolled over to them. Arms crossed over her chest and hip cocked, Shona slid a pointed look at Tobe and then Cameron. "Oh silly me, of course not."

At the wounded, tight look on Tobe's face, Eden's eyes narrowed. What was that all about? Shona knew something. Enough to hurt Tobe's feelings with it. Oh, to hell with making a good impression.

Eden snapped her gaze back at Shona and the girl flinched under her regard. "What about you, Shona? It's getting late; shouldn't you be working your corner already?" Eden ignored the choked laughter from behind her and the expressionless Noah beside her as Shona bravely ( or foolishly) sneered at her, "Whore jokes? How original."

"Well, I like to stick with the classics."

"You know, it's no wonder McLeish has a problem with you. I thought his attitude was peculiar because you're an Ankh, but you're such an unbelievable brat I can see why he can't stand you." Eden tried not to let the comment affect her and was about to verbally bitch slap Shona when Noah stepped forward. "What are you talking about?"

Immediately Shona's eyes widened, a tiny spark of fear glittering in their depths at Noah's sudden interest. "Nothing."

"Tell me."

At his rumbling tone, Mark nudged his girlfriend to respond.

"Um," Shona gulped. "I just overhead him telling my dad that he thought Eden was a problem." Anxiety shot through Eden. Crap, was Councilman McLeish the betrayer? Please no. She glanced at Noah for his reaction and watched the tendons in his jaw flex. "The only problem I see right now is your lack of respect for the Princeps' daughter."

At the thickening tension, Mark coughed uncomfortably, his olive skin flushing dark with embarrassment. "Uh, we're just here to see Drop Dead Zombie 2."

"Ehhh nooooo." Shona spun on him, glaring. "The Diary."

"I thought-"

"Don't think." She threw her palm up to interrupt him. "Ugh, I need the bathroom. The air in here is messing up my hair. Get the tickets will you. And get me a Diet Coke, no ice. Diiieet. No ice. Also a little box of salted popcorn, not sweet like last time. It was sweet instead of salt and they gave me crap for trying to change it. Oh and make sure it's fresh and hot. I don't want any of that soggy rubbish." With that she flounced off in search of the ladies room, leaving them all in stunned silence.

Eden quirked an eyebrow at the easy-going Mark. "Dude, your girlfriend is so far past high maintenance even the janitor quit."

Chapter Fourteen

Playing with Fire

Dwight Carey was the kind of guy even an unconscionable son-of-a-bitch like Teagan despised. He was a Warrior of Neith who had worked for the Ankh Princeps for six years as part of his security team in his mansion in Weston. Teagan watched him pace nervously back and forth before him, sweat sliding down his pale face, his hands scrunching into his brown curls. Betraying someone as powerful as Cyrus was bound to make a man anxious.

"You got the money?" Dwight asked him, his eyes wide with a mixture of terror and guilt.

Teagan took another drag of his cigarette and leaned back against the packing crates. He could tell his utter calm was making the Neith more nervous; it sprinkled his soul with a dash of salt and Teagan was enjoying the extra flavour. Flicking some ash, he glanced around the dark warehouse.

He'd come all the way to Boston for this information. So far Dwight had been feeding him the right info but Teagan needed to know his guilt hadn't gotten the better of him. He nudged the briefcase at his feet forward along the dusty concrete floor. "It's in there. You get it when I'm done grilling you." Dwight suddenly stopped. "I got all the info you need man." Teagan shrugged. "I'm just curious about a couple of things. Indulge me."

"What kind of things?"

"No need to be nervous, Mr Carey... not if you're telling me the truth."

"I am."

You better be. The flare of anger nudged at his hunger and it wrapped its hands around Teagan's windpipe with its pleading. Take him, take him now. "Why did you betray Cyrus to Cosmina Arcos.

To me?"

Dwight gulped. "Does it matter?"

Teagan smiled lazily, his grey eyes flashing in warning. "It always matters." The traitor shifted on his feet, not quite able to meet Teagan's gaze. "I need the money."

"What, Cyrus of Persepolis only pays minimum wage?"

"No, I make alright money. I just... he's so superior. They all are, the Ankh. Think they're better than the Neith. They treat us like the poor effing cousin when we out-populate them thousands to one. They wouldn't exist without us. Turning their nose up at us... piece of..." he trailed off, kicking at the floor in disgust like an eight year old denied a toy.

Teagan snorted and took another puff of his cigarette. He couldn't believe it. "So... who was she?"

"What?" Dwight snapped.

"The Ankh bitch that turned you down?"

The Neith coloured and looked at the briefcase. "Valeria. She'll cosy up to Cyrus and all those other uppity decrepit hasbeens but she-"

"Laughed in your face huh?" Teagan couldn't help but chortle. Stupid son-of-a-bitch had actually thought he was in with a chance with Valeria of Corsica. Idiot deserved everything that was coming to him, betraying his kin over a woman who didn't even want him. The confession, however, made Teagan feel better. As a man who had been spurned by the woman he loved, he understood how much possession it could take over your motivations. Dwight Carey was going to give him the correct information.

And he was going to die for it.

Putting the cigarette out, Teagan lowered himself to his haunches and unlocked the briefcase. He let it fall open so Dwight could see the million dollars in cash. The treacherous little creep's eyes widened.

"That will get me the hell out of dodge once the Princeps finds out who leaked the info." For a moment Teagan almost considered letting the Neith walk out of here with the money. Either way he'd die. Ryan had told Teagan all he ever needed to know about Cyrus. Dwight Carey could move to Timbuktu and Cyrus would still hunt him down and destroy him for his betrayal.

No! The hunger cried within. Mine. Take.

Nah, why lose a million bucks just to teach the little asshat a lesson. A lesson that Teagan himself was perfectly capable of teaching.

"So." Teagan stood back up to face the Neith, eyeing him now as one would an opponent. Dwight was tall and wiry, but like all Neith he was pure muscle. He held himself like a man who knew how to take care of himself. Plus, he was one of Cyrus' own security, which meant he was probably exceptionally well trained. The thought of it exhausted Teagan. He really couldn't be bothered with an actual fist fight. He mused over the best way to take him out. "Where is my darling betrothed?" Dwight looked around them again to make sure they were completely alone. "Scotland. Edinburgh to be exact." He took a few tentative steps forward and held out a piece of paper. "It's got the address she's staying at. She's living near the Scottish Councilman and their training centre so the place is crawling with Neith. She's Ankh now, Teagan. You better watch your back." So Eden had changed. Well... it looked like he had some work to do. Rather than irritating him, Teagan felt a rush of anticipation at the thought of the job before him. He grinned and took the piece of paper from Dwight, double checking the address before tucking it into his pants' pocket. "Are you displaying concern?"

Teagan laughed as Dwight gulped, as if remembering whom he was dealing with. "Can I get my money now?" The Neith gestured to the briefcase.

"Of course." Teagan dropped back down to the case and stuck his hand furtively under the bills to grasp a hold of cold metal. In a blurry flick of movement he spun around and launched a blade straight into the Neith's chest. Dwight's mouth fell open, a small whisper of pain escaping as his knees buckled beneath him. As blood spread quickly over his shirt from his punctured heart, Teagan strolled over to him.

"W-why?" He gulped for life.

With a weary sigh, Teagan knelt down beside the dying man to clasp his head in his hands. "Many reasons. But mostly... I'm hungry."

Locking the Neith in his gaze, Teagan pushed a little compulsion on him so he'd stop gulping down blood. The noise was irritating. As Dwight relaxed, Teagan gave the reigns over to his hunger and a rush of exciting heat licked his flesh as his blood picked up speed in his veins. The darkness poured out of him in an invisible mass of inky glue and shot in and down into Dwight's soul. It was a tangled mass of light and dark, just the kind Teagan enjoyed the most. His hunger crawled over it, spreading itself across and around it so that every last piece of the Neith's soul was stuck in its grasp.

With a sigh of pleasure, Teagan jerked his hunger back towards him and drew the soul into his body.

His nerve ends sparked and flared with the decadence of the feeding and finally as his hunger purred itself back to sleep, satisfied, every muscle in his body relaxed, pulsing with the blissful aftermath.

Lazily, Teagan focused his eyes and found himself staring into a dead man's face. Rolling his eyes at how easy it had been, he let go of Dwight's head, not even wincing at the horrendous thud it made against the concrete floor. He wrenched the blade out of the Neith's chest as he stood up and let his eyes wander over the body. He felt restless all of sudden. Perhaps he should have at least let Dwight fight him rather than the sneak attack he'd executed. Teagan hadn't had a good fight in a while.

Then he thought of the paper in his pocket with Eden's whereabouts. He smirked. There were plenty of fights in his future.

Feeling relaxed now that he had a lead that would keep the Tribunal off his back for a while longer, Teagan began to whistle as he wrapped the bloody knife up in plastic so that it didn't get the cash covered in Neith goo when he put it back in the briefcase.

Feeling sentimental, he pulled his wallet out to look at the photograph of Eden he carried on him.

In the original photograph she'd been sitting with Stellan so she was actually smiling for once. He'd cut Stellan out of it of course. But he liked to look at it. There was so much humanity in her eyes. He supposed there would be even more so now that she was Ankh. It would make what he was about to do to her all the sweeter.

With a wicked smile, Teagan shoved his wallet back in his pocket, picked up the briefcase and strode out of the warehouse without ever looking back at the man on the floor in a pool of blood.

"I'm coming, my love. I'm coming."

Chapter Fifteen

Taking the Long Way-kend Around

As Eden made her way down into the training centre she thought about what a long weekend it had been. She was pumped that it was Monday, that sword training was finally here. That she had an outlet for all her frustrations. She followed Cyrus and Noah past the first training room and down the hall to another set of doors. When they walked in, she glanced around in awe at the varied weaponry bolted to the wall.

"You need complete focus in here, Eden," Cyrus instructed as he strolled towards one of the swords and took it down. He took a matching one down from beside it and turned to hand it to her.

She studied it, feeling its weight in her hand, the slope of its forward curve. "This is a Kopis. A weapon the ancient Greeks would use when they were not using it for cutting animal meat. Fighting with the Kopis is not an elegant dance; it is fast, close, and extremely lethal. So pay attention." Her guardian was in a particularly serious mood because of Friday night. Cyrus had not been pleased when they returned from their night out. Noah had reported what Shona had overheard McLeish say and Cyrus had had to do the one thing he hated doing: go behind one of his own official's back to his people and recruit one of them against him; to recruit Christopher, who had been more than willing to serve Cyrus, for whom he had deep respect. Now that McLeish was suspect Numero Uno, Christopher was keeping his senses extra alert around McLeish to uncover whether or not he was guilty of betrayal. The last thing Cyrus needed was McLeish getting in contact with Cosmina Arcos' people. As for Eden, she had been uncomfortable enough as it was around McLeish.

Now she just hated being around him full stop. She guessed she should be used to people hating her after a lifetime of living with her school peers dislike, but now she was Ankh people hating her bothered her. Of course Cyrus had told her not to worry but Eden couldn't help but stress over it.

They had soul eaters in Edinburgh causing havoc; the last thing they needed was a traitor in the ranks and Arcos to come after her when her training wasn't even completed yet.

It made Eden even more determined to excel in her training, to push her abilities and prove that she was capable of hunting.

If it had been up to her she would have been back in training on Saturday but Tobe, Alison, and Val had determinedly dragged her onto a train to the city of Glasgow to do more shopping. How much clothes did one person need?! And yes, admittedly there had seemed to be a ton of shops in the city compared to Edinburgh but even that hadn't done anything to take her mind off the night before.

Instead, as had they walked down Sauchiehall Street, Tobe and Alison arguing over a pair of boots Tobe had wanted and whether or not they should eat at the Mediterranean restaurant or McDonalds, Eden had coaxed Val into conversation in the hopes of distracting herself.

"You ever been to Glasgow before?" Eden had asked her mentor.

"It's pronounced Glas-go not Glas-gow, Glas-go," Tobe had turned around and chided before returning to her argument with her mother as if she'd never said a word. Eden had rolled her eyes before glancing at Val.

"She's like the Hitler of Scottish pronunciation."

"I heard that!"

"Good, maybe you'll stop correcting me every five seconds."

"Maybe you'll start pronouncing words correctly and stop embarrassing me."

"Embarrassing you? I'm sorry if I can't understand why you people think it's acceptable to name a street Cockburn Street just because you pronounce it Co-burn Street." Tobe had glared at Eden over her shoulder and then made a face. "Fine, I'll give you that one." Before Eden had been able to enjoy the win, Val had said softly, "Yes, I've been to Glasgow before."

"Oh, when?"

"I was sent here on assignment in 1965."

Eden had smiled. "A while ago then huh?"

"You will learn that forty six years to an Ankh is as fleeting as a day is to a human." They had been silent a moment as Eden had absorbed this, the buzz of Tobe and Alison's conversation washing over her in among the crowds of shoppers passing them by. Her eyes had rested on the silver Ankh ring on her finger before she had finally gathered the courage to ask her mentor, "Is it bearable? Immortality?"

Val had pinned her to the spot with such an intense look Eden had dreaded the answer. "Some days it will be a burden. However, most days our duty compels us to go on. Having people you love who share the burden of eternity helps as well."

Eden had frowned. "I didn't know you had someone."

"I don't have him. I just love him."

At her sad smile, Eden had somehow known Val was speaking of Darius. There was a spark in her eyes anytime he was mentioned and she had seen the way Val had seemed to shimmer with unbelievable life that day they had met him in the hotel room. Aching for her friend, Eden had touched her shoulder unsure of how to comfort her. There was no way of comforting such a long life filled with unrequited love.

Val had seemed grateful for the gesture anyway. Her fingers had brushed Eden's knuckles gratefully before Tobe had turned to draw them into the restaurant argument.

More than ever, Eden had wanted to pummel something the next day as everyone else enjoyed a Sunday of rest. She'd thought Noah would be on the same page. Instead he had suggested they do something else, one of his favourite pastimes. Swim. It hadn't been what Eden had had in mind but she hadn't been swimming in a while. Borrowing a suit from Tobe, she had followed Noah to this old historic building that was now a swim centre. Eden had felt a little nervous as they wandered off in the opposite directions to the requisite changing rooms. As she'd slipped on Tobe's modest swimsuit, she had suddenly realised that Noah was going to see more of her than he ever had before. And she of him. First out of the changing rooms (that had been a surprise), Eden had gazed at the high arches over the pool, the beautiful light filtering in from the glass ceiling. The place had been quiet and so tranquil she'd immediately felt her body relaxing. Overcome with the feeling, she'd slipped into the lukewarm pool to begin slow laps without Noah. As her head had bobbed up again she'd almost coughed down chlorine as Noah had appeared, striding casually towards the swimming pool. She'd let her feet touch the bottom of the pool and had tried to smooth her expression out.

Wow.

Noah in swim shorts.

Some people looked vulnerable when almost nak*d. Not Noah. He'd somehow looked even taller than normal, his upper body lean but sinewy. He was pure muscle. Eden had watched him with pleasure as he'd moved, so languid and graceful. She'd followed the ripples of muscle on his abdomen to the sexy cut of his h*ps and her mouth had gone instantly dry. She'd been so glad she didn't blush outwardly, 'cause on the inside her brain had fried.

Not having seemed to notice her ogling, Noah had slipped into the pool with ease and challenged her to a race. They'd done that (Noah had won) and then continued doing lengths. After a while, Eden had stopped to relax and float by the edge of the pool and Noah had swum over to join her. For a minute or two they had bobbed together and then Noah had finally cleared his throat. Eden had quirked an eyebrow at the noise, suddenly nervous about what he was going to say since he was so clearly nervous about saying it.

"Does this... does this mean..."

"Does this mean what?" Eden had asked warily.

He'd shrugged. "I don't know. Does this mean I'm forgiven? That you forgive me?"

"Oh," she had replied softly, suddenly unable to meet his eyes. She had forgiven him right? She understood now, right? She'd thought about waking up in the middle of the night, drenched in sweat, Tobe peering down at her in concern. She'd been having nightmares about Stellan's death these past few nights. Replaying it over and over.

But that wasn't Noah's fault. Not really. It was Romany's though. Eden just had to keep separating Noah from Romany and they'd be fine. It was just... taking some time.

Eden had sighed and finally looked him in the eye. "I'm getting there." He'd nodded, his expression so careful Eden hadn't been able to tell if he was pleased or dis pleased. "So, not to shoot myself in the foot here but why did you decide to try?"

"Because... I know how the whole Ankh thing works now. I know that that feeling of duty and responsibility to your job is compelling." She had snorted. "I also know how hard it is to say no to Cyrus, and how deep the connection to him is. I guess I'm just realising what a difficult position you were in. And I'm getting there."

A silence had fallen between them and for once it hadn't been their usual easy kind.

Irritated by it, Eden had sought to dispel it. "So... swimming, huh?"

"Yeah. It's a great way to stay in shape and it's relaxing too."

"Yeah, I guess." Not when the boy you're swimming with looks like yo u, she'd thought. "I used to swim in our pool a lot."

At the mention of her family the horrible silence had fallen again.

"You wanna grab something to eat?" Noah had asked suddenly, seeming as desperate to get away from the silence.

At her enthusiastic yes they had gotten out of the pool and changed, heading off to find somewhere to stuff their mouths so there was a legitimate reason for the taciturnity. They had found a quiet little pub that served big platefuls of comfort food. Noah had tried to talk her into having the national meal - haggis, 'neeps and tatties - but Tobe had already told her what Haggis was ( gag! ), and she didn't like turnips, so all she'd be left with was a plate of mash. Eden had opted for a burger and fries instead and took notice that Noah had followed suit, avoiding the haggis too.

Despite the silence that had befallen them at the swim centre, Eden had desperately pushed past it.

Relaxing, she had asked Noah about his life. As the meal had worn on she'd found herself moving closer to him until they were huddled together in the corner of the pub as Noah told her about life during the fifties and sixties, how the 70s had been such a great era for music and film, the cities he'd been to - Paris, London, Budapest, Sydney... - about all the amazing things she had yet to see and learn.

"What about my mom?" Eden had finally asked, now that they were so comfortable again.

Noah had smiled at her, his expression warm and caring. "Merrit was amazing. I met her a few times when I was younger because Dad and Cyrus have always been such good friends, but in the early eighties my parents made a couple of bad investments and we lost everything. We moved in with Cyrus and Merrit so my dad could get back on his feet and after your mom... well Mom didn't want to leave Cyrus all alone in that big house... and we haven't left since. I could have gotten my own place, I guess, but I like being around them all."

"So you lived with my mom for a while?"

He had nodded. "She was amazing, Eden. You could talk to Merrit about anything and she always had your back. Kicked my ass a few times for..." Noah had suddenly trailed off, seeming embarrassed.

Eden had been able to guess why. "For being a player."

He'd thrown her a sheepish look that had been so adorable she'd foolishly wanted to curl into him.

"Yeah. Merrit was a good person and a great warrior. But she also didn't beat around the bush. She just said it how it was which was kind of a shock for my mom sometimes. They had a few heated discussions over what was proper language for a lady."

That had made Eden laugh.

Noah had stopped her with a penetrating look. "She was beautiful too. You look like her a lot. I can't imagine what it means to Cyrus to have you in his life." Having felt her throat begin to close with grief, Eden had glanced away quickly, willing her tears to recede.

"Eden." Noah had placed a warm hand over hers and she'd felt his rough touch like a shiver of pleasure down her spine. "I am so sorry for not telling you who I was. For blindly following orders. I am so sorry I did that to you."

After a tense moment Eden had glanced up at him. She'd given him a watery smile and had whispered, "I forgive you."

"Eden," Cyrus snapped bringing her back to the present. "I have a sword pointed at you. Will you please focus."

Chapter Sixteen

The first Cut is the Deepest

It didn't matter how distracted a person was, when Cyrus used that tone of voice you snapped to attention. Eden shook off the weekend and began listening as Cyrus and Noah demonstrated fighting with the Kopis. It was a frantic, close quarter fight and for a moment Eden was lost in the grace of their movements. Cyrus instructed as they fought, swinging the Kopis in a semi-loop around his head so that it came down towards Noah with the full force of his upper body strength. Noah countered the move, and soon began a hissing of metal on metal as they fought one another off in a flash of figure of eight movements. After each demonstration, Eden took a turn, starting off tentative until she felt comfortable in her own skin with the sword. Cyrus said many of the Neith began their sword training with wooden swords but he didn't believe that was necessary for her. It put the pressure on but Eden was determined, and like all things that involved fighting and self-defence, she picked it up like she had been doing it for years. Soon, they moved from the weightier Kopis to the Lakonian and Persian short swords, from those to the Katana (Samurai), from the Katana to the Broadsword, from the Broadsword to the Longsword.

Despite the whole powerful, immortal thing, four hours in and Eden's shoulder was on fire. With a grunt she dropped the hefty Longsword that had been clasped in her sweaty palms. Great, she winced. Now her other shoulder was killing her because of that damn thing. She looked at it in disgust.

"You might want to be careful with that, it wasn't cheap," Noah said as he picked it up. He threw Cyrus a look as he placed his sword and hers back up on the wall mounts. "I think someone needs a break."

She curled her lip at him, noticing he had barely broken a sweat. "I'm fine."

"You are using muscles you have never used before," Cyrus assured her. "And we have been going strong for a few hours."

"Did I miss anything?" Val sauntered into the room, shutting the door quietly behind her. She had been on patrol that morning.

"Any news?" Cyrus asked quietly.

She shook her head and turned to Eden with a smirk. "You look a little worn out." Jeez, it wasn't like she was panting on the floor dying or anything, Eden rolled her eyes. "I'm fine.

I just hate the damn Longsword."

"Well, you don't have to fight with the Longsword. I don't know any who do; it's just useful to know that you can if you ever have to."

"Yeah, real useful." Eden grimaced, rolling her left shoulder.

Val grinned at her and strolled over to the weapons. Reaching up, she pulled down one of the Persian short swords; it was more like a long dagger with a sharp curved tip than an actual sword.

"The Acinaces." Val grinned, slicing it through the air with expertise. "My favourite."

"Darius' also." Cyrus nodded, studying her movements. "He taught you well, Valeria." The Ankh shared a quick knowing look with Eden and Eden felt that pang in her chest again for her mentor. She cleared her throat, "Uh, well I have to go with the Katana." Noah smiled cheekily at Cyrus. "I think you owe me twenty bucks, Princeps." Eden watched, brow furrowed as Cyrus wearily handed over the cash. "Did I miss something?"

"Noah bet you would like the Samurai sword best."

"Oh and how did Noah know that?" Eden made a face, totally fed up of being so transparent to this guy.

He shrugged. "The Katana has a nice weight and balance, not to mention it's got a lethal cut.

Female warriors tend to like the Katana best."

"Not all," Val murmured, striking the air with the Acinaces before pulling it back and launching it with perfect aim into one of the training dummies that lined the room. Eden gazed at Val's handiwork, afraid to look at Noah while her mind wandered into a dark, unforgiving place...

...A warrior with a swishing blonde ponytail, a girl perhaps a year older than she, took advantage of Stellan's distraction.

"Eden!" He yelled, turning away from the warrior, to fight his way through the miniature war.

"Eden, no!" Noah tried to pull her back.

"Stellan!" She reached out for him, her eyes widening as the sword came towards the back of his head. "Stellan, noooo!" She screamed.

But it was too late.

The sword cut through him, a sweep of his blood swiping through the air along with the top half of his head...

...Romany carried a Katana.

Eden's heart pounded as she imagined finding her, the two of them facing off with their Katanas, Eden's slicing through the skin and muscle of her brother's murderer. She felt sick and shaky at the thought.

"Eden?"

She blinked at the touch of Cyrus' hand on her shoulder. He gazed down at her in concern. "What is wrong?"

"Memories," she whispered, unable to lie.

He nodded. "I understand."

Did he?

"Why don't we let Eden have a shot at decapitating this guy?" Val said from over Cyrus'

shoulder. Bemused, they turned to see her wheeling a dummy over. The dummies were creepy. They were just this weird fleshy material, shaped like a head and torso, with no face. "This," Val smacked her hand across it, "is Guido."

Eden laughed. "Guido?"

"Yes. Guido the soul sucking worm is here to die today at your hands. Guido is made from special materials that simulate the skin, muscle and bone tissue that you'll have to cut through."

"Charming."

Val winked at her. "A warrior's life, sweetheart."

"OK," Eden sighed, holding out her hand to Noah. "Give me the Katana." But cutting off Guido the soul sucking dummy's head wasn't as easy as Eden had thought. Her first try she didn't put enough force into it and her blade just made a cut. The second time, it got stuck a quarter of the way in and the vibration of the impact of her sword made her feel vaguely queasy even though she was practicing on a dummy. The queasiness shot her nerves to hell so when she finally swung and took the head clean off, she felt less than triumphant.

"OK, even I know if that had been a real fight I'd be dead," she grumbled stepping back.

"It's not an easy thing to do, Eden," Noah reassured her. "You just have to stop thinking about how real this will soon be. Just remember that Guido isn't real so you can get the technique down.

You can worry about the realities after."

The pep talk didn't help. She was mad at herself. She wanted to hunt and soon but there was no way Cyrus would let her near a soul eater if she couldn't do the one thing that would kill one. With a huge exhalation, Eden brushed past her three Ankh companions and placed the Katana back on its mount. "I'm hungry. Can we break for lunch?"

***

As Cameron strolled along Bruntsfield Road towards the Douglas house, his mobile rang in his pocket startling him and the woman passing him. He smiled apologetically as he pulled it out of his jeans, Silversun Pickups blaring before he pressed the answer call button.

"Mum, I just left the house ten minutes ago," he grumbled. Ever since his dad had died his mother, Mary, had become overprotective and somewhat neurotic. It would have been bad enough for any teenage guy but for a Neith Warrior it was bloody irritating. He tried to understand. Oh how he tried.

"I know," she sighed. "But I forgot to ask you to pop into your Uncle Neil's for the monthly cheque."

"OK."

"OK. Thanks, darling, I appreciate it."

"You know you have to speak to Uncle Neil sometime."

"I do speak to your uncle."

"You've been avoiding him, you know you have."

Mary sighed again. "I'll speak to him when he pulls the stick out of his arse, OK. Don't be later than midnight. Bye."

For a moment, Cameron just stared at his phone. With a huff he took off again, annoyed now that he had to pick up the money. Another thing that had changed since his dad had died... having to turn to Uncle Neil for financial support. His mum hated being beholden to anyone but with only one income coming in (and his mum refused to let him drop out of school so he could help) they were struggling to make ends meet. So began the monthly cheque from Uncle Neil to tide things over. He felt a horrible tightness in his gut at the thought of collecting it. It wasn't like he'd ever really liked his uncle. The Councilman was a harsh taskmaster with little or no sense of humour. His own dad had been his greatest friend before that one soul eater had come and stolen him from him. But his cousins, James and Ryan, always seemed scared of their dad. They'd seemed more comfortable around Cameron's father and had stopped hanging around Cameron so much when his dad had been murdered two years ago.

Brooding a little, Cameron took the steps up to the McLeish home slowly and quietly. As a member of the family he'd always just walked in, and as he stepped inside he was surprised by how quiet the place was. He stood for a minute, feeling a weird chill in the air, and then he froze at the sound of hurried whispering. For some reason his heart began to pound. His intuition told him something wasn't right, and Mum always said to follow his intuition. Creeping silently down the hallway, Cameron trailed the whispering to the kitchen and pressed against the wall as he heard Eden's name. Peering quickly around the doorframe, he saw his Uncle Neil on his mobile, his face tight with anxiety.

"Has Cosmina been reached?" he asked coldly.

Cameron shook his head and sprung back before he could be seen. His heart was thudding out of all control now as the implications of that question tormented him.

"Well I want to know when," Uncle Neil continued. "Once it's done, I can make a move." Crap. Struggling to keep his breathing low and even, Cameron decided it was time to get out of there. He tiptoed back the way he had come and slipped out of the house, exhaling loudly. Trembling a little, he glanced along the gardens to the Douglas house, his jaw clenched in anger. Cameron wasn't clueless. Noah had mentioned something about a Cosmina person going after Eden. She was some Neith with issues about Eden's heritage. Feeling sick at the thought of the conversation he'd overheard, Cameron stumbled down the steps and began heading reluctantly towards Tobe's house.

What the hell was he supposed to do? If he told Cyrus about his uncle, his uncle would face serious consequences, and he might not like the guy but he was the only family he and his mum had left. But if he didn't tell Cyrus was he leaving Eden in possible danger? He didn't care what anyone else said, or what anyone who knew about her true heritage thought, Eden was a great girl. More than that he'd never seen Tobe take to someone the way she'd taken to Eden. Tobe would never forgive him if he let something happen to her.

Maybe he had heard wrong or was making more of it than he should. Maybe he should talk to his mum first.

Nah. That would only put his mum in the same difficult position he was in. Cameron couldn't do that to her. He was the man of the house now. He had to handle this.

He screwed up his face, staring up at the house. He was supposed to spend the night hanging out with Eden and Tobe. Could he really pretend as if he hadn't heard anything?

Aye, you can, he growled at himself, don't say anything on such little evidence.

It wasn't like Eden was in dire danger anyway, she had three other Ankh with her including all of the Neith.

Cameron sighed heavily, rubbing his hands over his face in frustration. "Bugger."

***

Even Zach Galifiankis' hilarious encounter with a tiger couldn't stop Eden from feeling bummed that Noah had finally gone with Cyrus on patrol with Christopher and a few other Neith. She sat curled up next to Tobe while Cameron sat on an armchair with a faraway look on his face. Mhairi sat on the other armchair cackling away at the comedy on TV. Val had opted to stay behind and was upstairs reading some non-fiction novel that made Eden's eyes cross over with boredom. She was getting kind of fed up of having to be babysat by the Ankh all the time. The only one she didn't mind hanging around watching over her was Noah. God, she wished she was out there hunting with him. She felt so wired. So restless, despite her intense day of sword training. Once she got used to the burning in her shoulder muscles and joints, she really began to love the thrill of metal clashing and hissing against metal, the footwork, the co-ordination, the focus.

After another laugh-out-loud moment in the movie passed by without so much as a smirk from Cameron, Eden began to worry about him. He was acting really weird. As if sensing her frowning gaze, Cameron looked up at her. Something swam in his blue eyes, something dark and anxious, but before she could say anything he shot to his feet.

"You know I'm not feeling great," he said, looking down at Tobe. "I'll catch you later."

"Eh wa-" Tobe cut off as her front door slammed and Cameron was gone. Eden watched her crestfallen gaze and nudged her.

"You OK?"

She nodded glumly. "I'm going to get a glass of water. You want one?"

"Yeah, sure," Eden replied, wondering what the hell was going on. She turned to Mhairi as Tobe fled to the kitchen. "What was that?"

Tobe's grandmother smirked. "Trouble in paradise perhaps?"

"I don't think those two have got close enough to paradise yet for there to be trouble."

"Well." Mhairi stood to her feet. "I'll watch the rest o' the film later. I think I'll retire to my bed early tonight, give you some time to do some digging and report back to me in the morning." Eden laughed at the old woman's nosiness. "Will do."

A few minutes later Tobe came back in, still looking sour and annoyed. "Where's Nana?"

"She went to bed."

"Great, even the elderly are bored by me."

The forlorn look on October's face prompted Eden to ask, "OK, what the hell is going on with you and Cameron?"

Tobe's eyes widened. "Nothing."

"Yeah, I'm not believing that anymore."

Making an exasperated sound, Tobe threw herself on the sofa and slapped a cushion impatiently.

"Believe me, there is absolutely nothing going on between me and Cameron."

"Yeah but you clearly want there to be."

"Like you and Noah perhaps."

Eden glared at her. "We're not talking about me, we're talking about you, stop deflecting." Eden had to hand it to her, Tobe managed to sit in silence for five whole minutes as Eden stared at her, waiting. "Oh for Christ sakes OK!" Tobe threw her hands up. "I lied before."

"Aaboouuutt?

"Me and Cameron," she mumbled, flicking at the tassels on the cushion, refusing to look up at her.

"I did like him. Really liked him. And I thought everything was going really well between us but then Shona told me that Mark had told her that Cameron had told him that he thought kissing me was like kissing his cousin, and that he was thinking of dumping me. I was completely crushed," she whispered. "I thought we were good and things were pretty hot and heavy... we even slept together.

Hmmph. So I decided to dump him first and he agreed with me... so Shona had been right."

"Oh my God," Eden snapped at her. "Why in hell were you listening to Shona? She is the spawn of frickin' Satan. A total trouble maker."

"But she was right."

"No, she really wasn't. She was clearly lying to cause trouble. Have you seen the way Cameron looks at you? And why would the dude sleep with you if he thought kissing you was weird? You're too close to the situation to see it but even Noah can see Cameron wants to be with you." Tobe's eyes widened at the remark and Eden didn't think she'd ever seen such girlish hopefulness in their oceanic depths before. "Really? I don't know." She shook her head, the hope dimming just as quickly as it had appeared. "But something is definitely up with him."

"Well while you're asking him what that is, you could casually slip in something about him telling Mark that it was weird making out with you and... see what he says." After dispensing the advice Eden frowned, sitting back against the couch. Since when did she give love advice? She pressed a hand to her forehead. Weird.

"I'll think about it," Tobe relented.

For the rest of the night Eden didn't mention Cameron. She'd said what she wanted to say just like Mhairi had wanted her to and let Tobe mull it over. They finished watching a couple of more movies and were just about to head up to bed when Noah and Cyrus came in the front door with Christopher.

Eden squinted, catching sight of a very small blood smear across Noah's chin.

Her heart thudded. "What happened?"

"We caught one," Cyrus said, shrugging out of his jacket. "Noah killed it." Noah's light eyes were glittering, his whole body seeming to vibrate with the satisfaction of the hunt. Eden smiled; the buzz he was emitting contagious.

She couldn't wait for her first hunt.

Chapter Seventeen

Jealous? Who me?

The next day Noah had surprised her by pasting drawings of monster faces over the dummies' heads.

"Now you can stop thinking about whatever it is your thinking about when you swing at these guys, and just concentrate on their monstrous faces." He had patted one, seeming proud of his handiwork.

Eden had laughed at the ridiculous gesture but didn't know what to say when the damn trick worked! For the rest of the week she improved in leaps and bounds in sword training until she was keeping up with Val using the short sword, and even besting her when they used Katanas. Val was stupidly proud of her when Eden disarmed her.

After that, Eden had progressed to Noah, who fought with more power. His blows reverberated through her sword and into her body like a toothache and she had to shift everything she had learned to counter his more powerful attack. They had fought for hours on end, the world just blurring around them as they immersed themselves in the training. It was almost as if Noah wanted her to get up to speed almost as badly as she did. Come Friday, Val had decided to leave them to it and had gone to train in the combat room with Cameron and the other Neith. Eden faced Noah with determination.

She was determined to disarm him.

By that afternoon she had done just that, but she'd been so aggressively focused, she hadn't pulled back when the moment was upon them and her blade sliced over the top of Noah's lower arm.

He hissed and dropped his Katana. Eden felt as if she'd been kicked in the gut. She dropped her sword and hurried to him to check how bad it was.

"It's just a shallow cut," Noah assured her. "I heal quickly. See." They both watched as the cut closed over as if it had never been there.

"God, Noah, I'm so sorry," she whispered, afraid to look up at him. Hurting him brought back memories, terrible memories. Heart pounding, Eden couldn't take her eyes off his arm as she said,

"I'm sorry. I'm sorry about Denton. Sometimes I can't believe that was me who hurt you like that. It sounds ludicrous to even have to say it out loud but I'm sorry... for stabbing you." A surprising ripple of shivers shuddered down her spine at the feel of Noah's hands sliding around her neck as he cupped her head, tilting it back so she had to meet his eyes. They shone a dark violet now as they bored into her with a sincerity that left her breathless. "I forgave and forgot that like a day later."

Eden's heart began thumping even louder for an entirely different reason now. It thumped for Noah's proximity, for how much his citrusy, familiar scent made her want to sway into him. Instead, she reached up and caught the arm she'd injured, her fingers brushing over his skin. She watched his eyes spark at her touch, felt the heat leap off of him. "Took you a whole day huh?" Eden smirked sadly.

The door to the training room squeaked open breaking the spell between them and they stepped back to see Cameron hovering in the doorway. "Val and I are heading for some lunch at the Douglas', you want to come?"

Unsure of what she was feeling and what she'd been about to do, Eden gladly accepted, ignoring Noah's probing gaze as they strode out of the training centre.

***

In celebration of Eden's progress, Cyrus announced he was taking them all out to dinner. He had invited Councilman McLeish and his family but they'd said they were otherwise engaged (yeah, like Eden believed that for a minute... douchebag), so when they finally crowded in together at an Italian restaurant on the corner of the Mile, Eden found herself in the company of Cyrus, Val, Noah, Tobe, her parents and Nana, Cameron and his mother, Mary. Conversation was easy between them all as they waited for their starters, and Eden had to fight to keep the giddy smile off her face. She'd never experienced anything like this before. Good people, family, coming together for a nice meal. It was so... real. A pang of hurt echoed in her chest as she thought about Stellan, as she always did when she thought of family. Shrugging off the grief before it could take hold, Eden laughed at October and Nana's bickering and continued to listen in on the warm conversations around her. Noah caught her looking around in wonder and smiled at her, sending another flurry of butterflies into riot in her belly.

She glanced down, still not sure how to cope with the fact that she'd well and truly forgiven him and was back to pining for him.

"Well, isn't this a surprise."

At the somehow familiar voice, Eden looked up with the rest of their group to find Shona, Mark and the flirty Neith, Natalie, standing at the head of the table with Shona's parents. There was a marked resemblance between Shona and Natalie that Eden hadn't quite noticed before. They were sisters. Figured. Cyrus greeted their parents and insisted they join them. The wait staff amiably found more seats and Eden watched incredulously as Natalie practically flew into the one they'd squeezed in beside Noah. Trying to tamp down the spark of jealousy that flared at the sight, Eden turned to speak with Tobe about the Kaiser Chiefs' new album. It didn't take long for her attention to waver back to Noah and Natalie, especially when Natalie mentioned her with this sickly sweet, passive aggressive antagonism that made Eden wanted to stick a fork in her eye.

"So, I heard about those cutesy drawings you had to put on the dummies so Eden could take a swing at them, Noah. That was so nice of you," Natalie sighed dreamily as though Noah had just rescued a bag of drowning kittens. She turned now to Eden, all wide-eyed and innocent. "Don't worry, Edie. Some people just take longer to get a handle on these things. It takes a very strong stomach to cut off a head."

You slimy, slippery, sugary little... Eden growled inwardly, feeling her fingernails bite into her palms. "You know it might not be so hard if it happens to be the right head." The table grew hushed at the clear underlying threat in Eden's words.

And then Mhairi threw her head back and laughed. Eden relaxed a little as if everyone else did, tittering now at what they assumed was a joke. She couldn't even look at Cyrus. What was the one thing he'd asked? Be polite and don't be aggressive.

Excusing herself from the table, Eden tried to still the trembling in her hands as she hurried off into the empty ladies' room. She was barely inside two seconds when the door banged open and October practically fell in, laughing hysterically. "OMG. That was genius!"

"No, it wasn't," Eden snapped. "I'm supposed to be a responsible Ankh that people can trust. Not threatening goddamn Neith!"

"Oh come on, Eden, it was just your sense of humour. They all got that." She shrugged, disappointed in herself. "I just thought I'd stop being such a mouthy bitch when I transitioned you know. Clearly not."

Despite Eden's frosty warning looks, Tobe was chuckling again. "It's in your blood to be a mouthy bitch. It's got nothing to do with you once being one of 'them'. Plus she totally deserved that.

She called you Edie." Tobe shuddered. "And what was with the octopus hands all over Noah?!"

"Hmm, like I care."

"Oh right," October mocked. "I really believe that. Not. " Bristling Eden spun on her. "Have you spoken with Cameron yet?"

"Eh talk about deflecting."

"Well?"

She grimaced. "I tried OK. But he's been avoiding me lately."

"You have to make him listen then."

"OK. I will. If you tell Noah how you really feel," she challenged with a smug grin.

It was Eden's turn to grimace.

Tobe snorted. "That's what I thought."

The bathroom door opened, drawing their attention to Val's head as it peeked around the frame.

"Ladies, we have to leave. McLeish just called and they think they've found the den. Cyrus and I are heading out. Noah will escort you home."

"Wait." Eden's heart began racing. "Can't I come? I'm totally ready."

"No."

"Pl-"

"No."

Sharing a disgruntled look with Tobe, she followed her friend out of the ladies' room, wondering if and when Cyrus and Val would ever be comfortable with her going on a hunt.

Chapter Eighteen

Waiting in the Shadows

Teagan had always had a sixth sense about him and had been surprised to feel others like him in Edinburgh. After a little snooping around he'd been even more surprised to discover a den of Blessed. He'd expected his arrival to be clean, no complications. It was Edinburgh for Christ sakes.

The Neith Capital of the country. But there were always idiots even cockier than Teagan who thought it was a game, a challenge, to mess around with the humans right under the noses of the Councilman and his warriors. Their presence, unfortunately, meant the Warriors were on high alert, and after a little investigating, he'd discovered that Cyrus and his two Ankh warriors were even doing patrols.

That meant being cautious, staying in, going stir-effing-crazy!

Teagan checked his cell again and growled. He'd hired a human private investigator to follow Eden, and he'd kept out of sight of the other Blessed so that when they were caught (and the stupid sons-of-bitches would be caught) they couldn't go blabbing about Teagan's presence in the city.

Being cooped up wasn't good for the hunger though. Swigging back a glass of twenty five year old malt, his eyes narrowed on the photographs laid out before him. The dodgy P.I. had come and gone in the last hour. Teagan had thought about eating his soul momentarily but then he remembered he still needed the guy, so he'd ordered two hookers instead. In a city this small he'd have to be careful. A missing person would be noticed and could lead back to his appointment with them. So he'd ordered two 'ladies' and each would act as a starter that would combine as a main. If people noticed them acting weird and it got back to the Councilman, they'd just assume it was the Blessed they were already after. He clenched his fists, his eyes roaming over the pictures of Eden with that Ankh tool, Noah Valois. He hated that kid. Teagan felt himself trembling with a building impatience and rage.

He wanted Eden now. He wanted her away from that little jerk and that self-righteous Princeps.

Slumping down over the photos, his fingers brushed over her face. This one was a close up and Teagan could make out the blue-green colour of her eyes.

He missed the grey.

At the knocking on the apartment door, Teagan shook himself. He better get himself under control if these women were to leave his apartment alive. So OK, he thought, striding towards the door, Eden is hanging around the Ankh and smiling at him like the sun rose and fell on his ass, but this is how I get her; this is how I get her back. His P.I. told him Eden was constantly surrounded by three people in particular. Noah Valois, Cameron Wright and October Douglas. Now, Teagan couldn't just barge in on her life and expect to take her alive. No. He needed Eden to want to come to him. He needed leverage.

The only way to get Eden was to use the people closest to her. And to get her back as she once was meant one of her people was going to have to die. It would be up to Eden if they were the only one.

"Ladies," Teagan drawled, stepping back aside to let the prostitutes into the apartment. He'd have preferred to call an escort service but that would only make it easier to track back to him. No, he'd found Sasha's number (he didn't know if that was the brunette or the blonde) in the men's toilets at a nightclub and asked her to bring a friend.

"So, how dae ye want tae dae this?" the blonde asked, her eyes hard and her skin somewhat rough.

She looked older than she was, the lines of her face etched with the grim realities of her career. She had a nice rack though.

Teagan grinned and watched their body language change as they realised how attractive he was.

"How about some wine, some music?" He liked to lull them into a false sense of security before he struck.

The small brunette was a little on the heavier side than her friend but she had a prettier face. She smiled warmly at him. "Have you got any Ray Charles?"

"Ah love 'A Fool for You'," the blonde added, nodding.

Teagan's smile grew even wider in feigned pleasure. "Ladies, you have soul. I like that." They both beamed with pleasure at the compliment, completely clueless that he was about to take as much of that soul from them as he could get away with.

Chapter Nineteen

The Kiss of Death

Ricki was a thirty-something Neith with incredible power. He attacked Eden and she caught his wrist with both hands and twisted it like Noah had taught her. She forced the Neith to the ground and snapped his arm back to the point of breaking. Ricki slapped the mat and she let him up. He grinned and they stood to face each other again for another round.

Over the last few days Cyrus and the others had found the den of soul eaters and managed to kill a few of them. Two, however, had gotten away. McLeish had assumed they'd flee the city so he had alerted the rest of the Neith in the United Kingdom to the two soul eaters presence. But they weren't so lucky. These soul eaters were cocky and apparently had decided to stick around. An armed robbery down in Leith had caught McLeish's attention when he'd heard the family members of the accused discussing how changed he was, that their friend and family member had seemed to snap overnight. A little more investigation and McLeish was certain the soul eaters had stuck around.

Patrols had begun again and Cyrus had decided to stay until the problem was dealt with.

That meant Eden got to do more training and she was loving every minute of it. Noah no longer needed to shout encouragements from the sidelines and was matching her up with stronger and stronger opponents. Ricki was the strongest Neith so far. All it needed was her focus to slip and-

"Sss," Eden hissed, whipping her head back, but it was too late. Pain had exploded up her left cheek as Ricki's fist connected with her cheekbone.

"You OK?" he asked, stepping back.

She blinked, wiping a tear out of her eye. "I'm fine."

"Eden." Noah moved to step onto the mat but she waved him away. The pain was already dissipating and since she healed even faster as Ankh than she had as a soul eater, it wasn't anything to get worked up about.

"I'm fine," she reassured him. "My fault, I wasn't paying attention." He looked unconvinced so Eden adamantly turned and nodded at Ricki. "Let's go again." The Neith nodded. "Focus," he ordered briskly.

She felt better ten minutes later with him sprawled on his back, his neck caught in her strong hands in a neck crank. In real life, one twist in the right direction and Ricki would be a goner.

He patted the mat and she let him up.

A while later as the Neith began filtering out of the training room for the day, Eden bent over to gather up her personal belongings, only to straighten up to be faced with a Noah wall.

"Whoa." She staggered back a little, inhaling his yummy Noah scent.

Her eyes widened as he reached down to stroke the cheek Ricki had punched. "You OK?" Not with you brushing your fingers over my skin like that, no, I'm a little far from OK. Eden cleared her throat, "I'm fine." She tilted her head away from his touch. "Healing already."

"She is tough, Noah, no need to worry," Cyrus' voice reached out to them and they whirled around as he strolled towards them out of the shadows. Eden hadn't even known he was in the training room.

"Princeps." Noah acknowledged him.

Her guardian nodded back at them, his expression inscrutable until his eyes found hers and softened into something warm. "I have been watching today. You are ready." Eden's heart started to race at the abrupt pronouncement, her eyes widening in disbelief. "Really?

You're letting me hunt?"

The look of pride and fear on his face made Eden feel safe and cared about; it was a feeling she was just starting to get used to. "Yes."

Suddenly she felt a little sick. Of course, she was also excited. This was what she had been training intensely for over the last few weeks. But... she was also kind of... a lot... nervous.

Glancing up at Noah, Eden couldn't keep the panic out of her eyes.

He gave her a brisk nod. "You'll do fine."

***

She was all jittery, her body jumping up and down inside itself as she followed Noah past the Omni Centre they'd had their little 'double date' in. After dinner, Cyrus had announced that Eden was going on patrol with them which sent October into a meltdown. Christopher wouldn't budge. He wasn't letting Tobe out on patrol until she turned eighteen and that was final. Eden had felt a little bad leaving Tobe at home to sulk but she was also pretty much desperate to make the most of her first night as a true Ankh warrior. Cyrus and Val were hunting too, along with McLeish and a few other Neith. They'd decided to split up and Cyrus, a 'throw 'em into the deep end' kind of guy had decided Noah would take Eden to Leith, where one of the victims had lived. Val hadn't looked too happy about that. In fact, neither had Cyrus, but Eden could see he was struggling to act as he would normally, rather than smother her with overprotectiveness.

Senses on high alert, Eden's eyes swept the buildings, people, alleyways. They were walking down a pretty busy area of Edinburgh at night so it wasn't exactly the easiest assignment.

"Anything?" she asked, suddenly feeling the need to fill the silence between her and Noah.

He shook his head as he kept scanning everything and everywhere without looking like he was.

Eden remembered how much she used to marvel at how good he was at this spy stuff. The surreptitious looks, the ability to get away from Ryan's well-paid goons. Made sense now. She took a moment to study Noah in his natural habitat. He was so serious, so prepared and commanding. He was Mr Duty. Somehow, she'd always felt that about him, even before she knew who he really was.

He carried this invisible weight of responsibility on his shoulders and he'd always had this intense sense of right and wrong. It had been one of the things she'd like about him so much, had made him stand out from the immature teen guys at school. But then... Noah wasn't exactly the average teenager. Her eyes unwillingly roamed over his powerful shoulders wrapped up so nicely in a black thermal top. She felt a weird clenching in her lower belly as her gaze slid down his arms to his large strong hands, to the silver ring on his middle finger. She gulped, feeling a little warm as her eyes continued to roam. He certainly had a nice ass. She blinked as her eyes travelled lower and caught on the low side pocket of his black cargo pants. Inside it were two Persian short swords. Long daggers?

Whatever, point was they were on duty. Eden snapped her eyes back to attention, mentally berating herself for getting distracted so easily on the first hunt. Maybe she shouldn't patrol with Noah next time.

Slowly but surely life started to edge away from them the further they walked and the streets seemed to grow a little darker.

"Any-"

"Ssh." Noah pressed a finger to his lips and held out an arm to stop her. In the distance they could hear the hubbub of traffic and some late night revellers laughing and yelling. Here, Eden could only hear her own heartbeat pounding at Noah's alertness as he watched the opening of an alleyway between two restaurants. What was-She froze as she heard the scuffling Noah must have heard. Throwing him a questioning look, Eden wasn't surprised when he nodded back and began unbuttoning the pocket of his cargo pants.

Glancing around quickly, making sure there was no witnesses or security cameras pointed on them, he withdrew the short swords and handed one to Eden. The metal felt strangely cold in Eden's hands.

Making no sound, she and Noah walked around the corner and into the darkness of the alleyway.

Lights from the street, and her brilliant Ankh vision, made visible two people at the end of the alley.

One had the other pressed against the brick wall of the restaurant, the victim's eyes wide and mouth open as the soul eater leaned in for the kill.

Out of nowhere Eden was cast back into the past, to Stellan's room, as he sucked the soul out of Lana. At the time she had been horrified but she had also hungered to do the same to the poor girl.

Now, without that hunger inside her, there was only horror, and the abject guilt that she had let it happen to Lana, that part of her could have wanted to do that to someone. Images upon images tumbled around her. Attacking Lucy Stevens in the school bathroom. Almost killing Charlotte who owned the thrift store. All the times she'd wanted to do that to Noah.

Eden was yanked out of her frozen nausea as Noah charged the soul eater. He ripped victim and monster apart, shoving the girl at Eden. "Keep her there, she needs some of her soul back." He hissed and flinched low in time to duck a punch from the soul eater. Their prey was a tall female and as she clipped the side of Noah's head in a paint smear of movement, Eden's intuition told her it wouldn't be an easy kill. Dropping to the ground, she wrapped her hands around the girl's head and locked onto her gaze. She hadn't tried to compel anyone since she'd fully transitioned but right now Noah needed her. Pushing her compulsion on the girl, Eden ignored the twinge of guilt and said, "You must stay here. Don't move."

"I must stay here. Won't move."

Heaving a relieved sigh that it had worked, Eden stood up to face their enemy just as the bitch plunged a knife into Noah's hand. The move distracted him, giving the soul eater the space to execute a roundhouse kick that sent him sprawling back against a dumpster with a sickening thud. Fury poured into Eden's veins and she clutched the sword in her hand with a steady grip. Calmly she stepped out to face the soul eater, who sneered at her as if she were nothing but a mere annoyance.

"They sent babies to do a man's job."

"Well, you know what they say about babies."

The soul eater smirked. "What's that?"

"Don't underestimate the amount of shit they can bring." Eden looped the sword in a semi-circle as Cyrus had taught her, bringing the blade down at an angle with the full force of her strength. The soul eater skipped back, the edge just missing her. Giving no quarter, Eden continued the attack, backing the soul eater into the darkest corner of the alley. A little panic entered the woman's eyes and Eden felt triumphant, even as the soul eater hefted a huge bag of trash and threw it at her. She expected Eden to dive out of the way but instead she dropped her sword to catch the bag and launch it back at the soul eater. As the female tried to get out of its way, Eden grabbed her sword and dove at her, the blade slicing through the air and down across her hand. The feel of flesh cutting under blade made Eden a little queasy, but it also prepared her for what was to come next. As the soul eater screamed and grasped her severed and bloody lump of a wrist, Eden spun, the sword arcing through the night air in a haze of movement as she used the momentum to force the blade of the weapon through the soul eater's neck.

A clean slice, the head rolled from the body as the body collapsed to the ground. The stinging, sickening scent of copper rent the air and Eden gulped down a little bit of bile as she gazed at her handiwork.

Her first kill.

She began breathing through her nose. It wasn't like she hadn't killed before. She had.

Accidentally, when those rebel Neith had attacked. But killing on purpose was a whole new ball game.

At the sounds of whispering Eden turned around to see Noah, with his now healed hand, leaning over the girl. He'd been guarding her while he let Eden take out the soul eater. A flare of warmth settled across her chest. She loved that he hadn't jumped in. That he had believed in her to take care of it. Just as she was getting the warm fuzzies, Noah glanced up at Eden with a strange look in his eyes. "She's got her soul back but you need to un-compel her." Oh. Right. She wondered as she hurried back over to them if Noah was mad about that.

"I did it," she whispered as she knelt down beside him, her eyes wide.

He gave her a small smile as he reached up to wipe some blood off her face. "Yeah." At his pointed look, Eden nodded and leaned over the girl, removing the compulsion.

"You were never here. You went to the movies to see Dead Zombies 2. You took a walk after to get some air, and now you're going home."

By the look on Noah's face she knew he hadn't been expecting her to un-compel her only to compel her with something new. But how else were they supposed to deal with it?

The girl walked out of the alley and began talking on her cell like nothing had happened. As she strolled away into the night, jabbering away on the phone, Noah got on his cell to tell Cyrus they'd killed one of the soul eaters and needed a clean-up crew. The clean-up guys would get there in under an hour but for now Eden and Noah hid the body behind the dumpster. They were wearing black so blood wouldn't show up, but Noah wiped the blood off Eden's face and she checked him over for any splatter. Once they were sure they could, they took to the streets again. Eden shoved her hands into her jean pockets to keep them from trembling. Her first kill. She'd done it.

"Remember to be careful with that, Eden," Noah suddenly said in a gruff, low voice.

"With what?" She frowned.

"The compulsion."

A guilty flush crept up the inside of her cheeks and although it wasn't visible she was pretty sure Noah could tell. "I didn't know what else to do. We couldn't have her running off and you needed help."

He glowered at her. "For the record I never need help."

Arrogant little... "She stuck a knife in your hand, Noah."

He huffed. "Just try not to do it again, OK. I don't want to have to kill Neith who are intent on killing you if they find out about it."

Hmm. Eden's heart did a little triple beat as she gazed up at him. He refused to return her gaze. He was worried about her? Not the compulsion. Her. The warm fuzzies started up again. "Would you really kill Neith to protect me?"

Noah shrugged. "I already have."

She thought about Darius' wary interview of her. "What if the other Ankh tried to hurt me?" A distressed frown appeared between his eyebrows but he continued to keep walking. "What do you mean?"

"I mean, what if they decided to turn on me for some reason and... they tried to kill me?" Now his jaw clenched so tight it looked close to shattering. He appeared to be trying very hard not to look at her. "Then they'll have to go through me first." At the determination on Noah's face, Eden bit her lip feeling giddy. He meant that. He really, really meant that.

A surge of emotion ripped through her in that moment and without another thought Eden grabbed the front of his shirt, tugging him down into a kiss. She felt his surprise under her lips but it lasted a mere millisecond before he was kissing her back, his arms wrapping around her waist and drawing her tightly against him. His familiar scent, heat, the feel of his heart pounding against hers, his skin heating up under her hands as she cupped his face between her palms, sent Eden into shivering combustibility. Opening her mouth to deepen the kiss, she felt the way her involuntary shudder affected Noah as their tongues flicked against one another's. His muscles tightened under her and he squeezed her so tight she'd probably be bruised in the morning. But she didn't care. Kissing Noah was everything she ever dreamed it would be, and as his hands slid across her back, snagging her top up so his fingers brushed her bare skin, Eden wished they were anywhere but in the middle of a street. They came up for air once, only to plunge back under for more, Noah's groan against her mouth sending her into whimpering convulsions.

Where are we again? She thought vaguely, desperate to collapse to the floor and drag Noah down with her.

"Ahem."

They both froze, lips still locked together.

"Don't you need oxygen yet?"

Val.

Eff. Eff. Eff. Eff. Eden pulled away from Noah breathlessly and shared a somewhat stunned look with him before they turned to Val. The ancient warrior stood in the middle of the street, arms akimbo, eyes glittering with humour.

"We killed the other soul eater in a mall parking lot off Princes Street. Did you get yours?" Eden groaned at the deliberate double entendre as Noah answered, not taking his arm from around her waist. "Eden did. Cyrus has a clean-up crew coming."

Val's grin widened. "Congrats on the first kill, Eden." Her eyes flickered over them mockingly.

"That might help soften the blow when I tell Cyrus about this little development." She gestured between them.

Oh crap.

Eden turned to Noah.

He sighed. "Crap."

Chapter Twenty

Forever is a Long Time

Despite her threat, Val didn't tell Cyrus about the kiss when they met him back at the Douglas' home.

The walk back to the house had been fraught with a tension that had Noah clenching and unclenching his fists. He'd known Val had enjoyed herself, these humorous little snorts had bubbled up from the back of her throat every ten minutes or so.

Eden on the other hand... Noah hadn't been able to get a read on.

She hadn't touched him since the kiss and had walked with a foot of space beside them so there had been no chance of touching. The fact that she had initiated the most surprising and hottest kiss of his entire seventy years (and he'd had a lot of kisses) didn't mean a thing if she wouldn't look at him.

He stood back with his arms crossed over his chest as Cyrus proudly grilled her for a detailed description of her kill. He tried to shake himself, he really did. It had just been Eden's first kill after all. But it had also been his and Eden's first kiss.

And oh gods, he hoped it wasn't their last.

"I'm really jealous," Tobe said stepping towards Eden with a sly smile. "But I'm really proud too."

Eden grinned at her and let Tobe hug her, which only made Noah think about how it had felt to have Eden pressed up against him. He swallowed, shifting uncomfortably as he flushed red hot at the memory. That kiss wasn't nothing. And it wasn't their last. You didn't kiss someone the way Eden had kissed him and not mean it.

Right?

He groaned. This was so payback. Kharma working her magic again.

"Are you alright, Noah?" Cyrus asked, hearing his groan.

"Oh, uh yeah, yeah. Just hungry," he covered.

Cyrus nodded. "I say we celebrate. Is there not a late night pub still open around here, Christopher?"

"There is indeed." Christopher grinned.

Everyone was so happy for Eden.

And so they should be. Before she'd effed him up with that kiss, he'd watched her take down that soul eater with finesse and power. They'd just armed themselves with another amazing warrior to help aid the cause.

And me? Noah winced, watching everyone file out the house, watching Eden file out the house without so much as glancing back at him. His eyes narrowed in determination. I got something I'm not letting go of without a fight.

***

Sitting across from Noah with all their warrior friends around them was excruciating for Eden.

Inside she was a jumble of confusion. Noah was acting weird. Maybe I shouldn't have kissed him.

Maybe he totally regrets kissing me back. According to rumour, Noah wasn't a settling down kind of guy and she wasn't a casual kissing random people kind of girl so where did that leave them?

Uh nowhere, Eden, she snapped irritably at herself.

As Noah laughed at something Tobe said, Eden pushed back from the table and asked if anyone wanted anything from the bar. Only non-alcoholic drinks were shouted at her as she headed up. She had just ordered the drinks when heat flooded the space next to her and his yummy Noah smell enveloped her like a warm, sexy hug. Bracing herself, Eden looked up at him as he leaned casually near her.

"We gonna talk about it?" he asked her softly and just the mention of it had her eyes falling to his mouth.

She flushed and shifted her weight anxiously. "Not if it didn't mean anything to you." Her heart jumped at the touch of his hand against her lower back, drawing her closer to him, a move she allowed without even questioning it. "It meant everything to me," his reply was low and rumbly and did all kinds of things to her insides.

Relaxing, Eden couldn't help smile as she moved nearer. "Good. Me too." Those pale eyes of his darkened and fell to her lips and she had only a moment to catch her breath in surprise as he leaned forward and pressed a soft kiss to them right there in front of everyone. It was a sweet kiss that promised so much more.

Heart pounding at what this meant for them, it took Eden a moment to register the arm that slid past them as they drew apart. It thunked a glass down on the counter, and recognising the silver ring on the strong hand, Eden tensed.

Cyrus stood before them, his face completely expressionless as he stared at her. "I suspect this means you forgive him, then?"

She bit her lip, not sure how Cyrus was going to react to the news: overprotective father figure which was bad news for Noah? Or a Princeps who was happy for two of his Ankh?

When his eyes flashed Eden suddenly guessed that it was going to be a bit of both.

Staring Noah down, Cyrus warned in a low voice, "Make one wrong move..."

"Got it," Noah quickly agreed, not stupid enough to piss Cyrus off. Eden liked that although he was wary and respectful of her guardian, he still hadn't removed his hand from her waist.

Eden was given a careful nod from her Princeps before he turned back to join Val and the Douglas'. She exhaled and slid Noah a questioning look. "So we're really doing this?" The thought had her whole body humming with excitement but she also felt the weight of their decision upon her chest. She'd been hurt badly before by this guy. And if it was possible she thought maybe she cared about him even more than she did back then. What was that phrase? 'Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me'. Not to mention there was Romany in their past.

Desperate for nothing to come between this momentous development between them, Eden threw the memory of the Neith back into the farthest corners of her brain. Hopefully Romany would never be a problem again. She just had to hope she never crossed paths with the murderous witch because she could see that being a potential setback in her and Noah's... relationship?

"Stop," Noah said, cupping her cheek with his rough palm. Eden hated that he could read her so well. What was that?! "We're really doing this. And there will be no doubts, no backing out of it, and no worrying that it will fall apart."

"You sound awfully sure for a guy who's never done this before." He grinned. "I have faith."

Eden grimaced. "We're Ankh, Noah. A relationship between us... isn't that kind of major?" He laughed, a deep happy laugh that took her by surprise. Drawing her closer, Noah kissed her, still smiling, and she couldn't help but smile between each soft, lush kiss. Eventually he pulled back just enough to whisper across her lips, "I can do forever if you can." Chapter Twenty One

Dude... do you love me?

"So, you seem happy..." Val commented softly as Eden poured them both a cup of coffee. For once, they were alone in the house. The Douglas' were at work, Tobe at school, Mhairi had gone to an over-6os swimming club, and Noah and Cyrus were at the training centre, pretending to train as they tried to root out info on their suspected traitors. Eden had assumed once they'd killed the remaining soul eaters that Cyrus would announce they were leaving (a thought that made Eden incredibly sad) but he was determined to find out just who the traitor was. He didn't want someone telling Arcos and her people that they were travelling back to the States. And with Christopher giving Cyrus a lead on who it might be, Eden was frustrated to be left out of the loop. She was pretty sure it was McLeish since he still treated her like crap, but Cyrus wouldn't say anything. He just told her not to worry, that he had everything under control.

Eden slid Val her coffee thinking about her non-question. The truth was, despite how much was going on right now, she was happier than she'd ever been before. Other than some nightmares every now and then, her transition from Unforeseen to Ankh had gone amazingly, almost seamlessly. She loved the training, the fighting; her first kill had been this unbelievable moment of terror and awesomeness. Once she'd come down off the high and the whole Noah thing, Eden couldn't believe how amazing it felt to have saved that girl's life. And that's what she got to do now. Six months ago she had been so scared of the future, of what the future meant for her - the fear that she would one day give into her hunger and hurt someone, or worse. That was not only over but she was facing a lifetime of the opposite. She had this mega-cool purpose, like one of the characters from her favourite manga. It was utterly cheesy... but she was like... a superhero.

"What? What is that ridiculous grin for?" Val asked smiling.

Eden shrugged. "I'm happy." And with the happy came the guilt.

Stellan.

She pushed him away.

"Despite McLeish and the traitor?"

Yeah, despite McLeish and a lot of other things. The last week she'd suddenly realised that her time in Scotland was coming to an end, so she'd ambushed Tobe and Cameron whenever she could.

And they had fun. Like always. But Tobe was right. Cameron was still acting weird and he was a typical guy who didn't want to talk about his feelings or whatever. Tobe was worried. Eden was worried. She really didn't want to leave Edinburgh without knowing Tobe and Cameron were going to be alright. They were really great people and they had welcomed her, no questions asked. They had come to mean a lot to her.

Eden sighed. They had come to mean a lot to her.

OK. There was no way she was leaving Scotland without fixing things between those two. Eden snorted into her coffee. She was learning something new about herself every day. Apparently she really was a meddler. Immediately Eden thought about Mhairi; she was beginning to the see the resemblance between herself and Tobe's Nana more and more every day.

"Things between you and Noah seem to be going well."

Eden glanced up at Val and shot her a look for the mischievous twinkle in the Ankh's eye. "Yes, they are."

"That's all? Come on. As Tobe would say... dish."

Leaning against the counter in the kitchen, hugging the coffee mug to her chest, Eden tried desperately not to get all dreamy-eyed and gooey like those girls who swooned at their boyfriend's feet back home. She hated those girls. She was so not turning into one of those girls. Yet... Noah made it pretty hard to resist the gooey, dreamy-eyed swooning. It hadn't mattered where they were, over the last week if Noah could sneak in a kiss or two (or a full on makeout session) he would, pulling her into broom closets, taking advantage of an empty training room and slamming her to a mat (she still couldn't get the better of him at hand to hand combat and he was definitely using that to his advantage) and kissing her breathless. It was exciting with Noah, and new, and something she never thought she would ever have in her life. It was her first big romance, and for once she actually felt like a normal - no, not normal - 'human' girl.

"It's nice." She smiled softly at Val.

Val frowned. "Nice? How... bland."

"Hey, nice is HUGE considering where my life was six weeks ago, OK." Val laughed. "I stand corrected then. I'm glad it's nice. It has been nice here. I'll be sad to go."

"Me too. I'm going to miss the Douglas' and Cameron. I became a brand new person here.

Someone I actually like. The kind of person I always wanted to be." Eden worried her lip, suddenly anxious if things would change once they returned to the States.

"Eden." Val reached for her, placing a comforting hand on her shoulder, her exotic eyes full of more understanding than anyone else would ever be able to give her. "Leaving here won't change who you've become. Look at me... it's thousands of years later and I like to think I'm still a decent person."

That warmth she got in her chest when Cyrus made some fatherly comment lit up inside her as Val tried to comfort her. "Val, you're a great person. I could never have gotten through this without you."

"Yes you could have. But I'm glad I could help."

Although it was true Eden was more content than she'd ever been, and true that she had gotten good at pushing her grief over Stellan into the background (although she could never escape him in her dreams), Eden was still holding onto him. She felt guilty for feeling happy with Noah and guilty for still feeling Stellan's loss even though he had been a soul eater. Sometimes she felt like Val would be the only one who understood that... so she took a chance. "I miss him, Val." Hearing the quiet heartbreak in Eden's voice, Val froze. "Your brother?"

"I keep trying to tell myself that I shouldn't. That he was hurting people. But all I can remember is that he never hurt me; that he loved me."

Val nodded. "You don't have to hate him, Eden. Grieve for him. That's nobody's business but yours."

"You don't think it's wrong?"

"From all that you've told me, I think Stellan was a rare soul eater. He loved you even more than the hunger; he loved you enough to try to be something better. And he did protect you." A huge sigh rushed through her body and Eden relaxed back against the counter, taking another comforting sip of her coffee. It was incredible how much better she felt knowing that Val knew she was still grieving for Stellan. As if admitting it out loud somehow let him know that she hadn't forgotten. God... she didn't know what she'd do without Val in her life.

A horrible thought struck her. She'd never questioned where Val lived or what would happen to her when they got back to the States. "You're coming back with us right? To Weston?" The Ankh's eyes lit up before she could bank the spark and conceal her feelings. "I could do that if you wanted me to." She shrugged, trying to seem nonchalant.

Eden's heart thudded unhappily. "Why... where do you normally live?"

"Maui. But I've been taking a lot of assignments recently... so all over really." Eden looked at her feet. Weston couldn't really compete with Maui. "I wouldn't want to... you know... make you feel... obligated."

Val huffed, "Eden, I'd be happy to come live in Weston. Cyrus' house is certainly big enough for one more Ankh."

The choking lump she'd felt rising in her throat began to dislodge. "So you don't think Cyrus would mind another Ankh in the house? It wouldn't make us targets or anything?" Val snorted. "It would take one of the gods to find a way past Cyrus' security, Eden. Don't worry about the Princeps. If you want me in Weston, in Weston I shall be."

"You're sure? I'm not like taking you away from anything or...?" She snorted again and dumped her mug in the sink. "Only boredom." She turned and they shared a warm look that drew the tension out of Eden. She wouldn't be alone.

And then an unsettling thought occurred to her. "Uh oh."

"What?"

Eden grimaced, throwing Val a beseeching look. "Are you up for being the buffer between me and Noah's dad?"

"Ahh." Val's eyes lit with comprehension. "Alain has some way to go when it comes to you and Noah."

"Yeah and that was just when we were friends."

"Wow," Val chuckled. "Usually it's the girl's father that has a problem with the boy, not the other way around. And for it to be Noah Valois' father worrying considering how many..." Eden glowered at her. "Oh yeah, chuck up it. My automatic failure with my in-laws and my boyfriend's whorish past is just a hoot and a half."

Val laughed. "Going home is sounding fun all of sudden isn't it?"

*

Even though she could chuckle about it with Val, Eden really was worried about facing Alain when they got back to Massachusetts. It was clear Alain didn't trust her - which was so effed up considering he trusted Val - and that Noah really looked up to his father. She didn't even want to know how that would affect things when they got back. Plus... their two families living under the same, albeit massive, roof was going to be... interesting.

After getting Valeria to spill some beans on some of her past romances - one of which involved a very famous emperor and the other an Old Hollywood actor!!! - Eden was in an especially good mood when they set off for the training centre. Her eyes lit up as they walked into the training room and she caught sight of Noah up at the weight machines. When she took in the scene before her this weird, ugly little pang echoed across her chest. He was standing talking to Mark and Natalie, and Natalie was pressed against Noah's side, her hand on his arm. That alone made her want to rip the Neith off him and give her a beatdown, but as her eyes narrowed on the woman, she watched as Natalie slid her a hand down Noah's back, the piece of paper in it disappearing into Noah's back pocket. Natalie patted his ass. And Eden saw red. She felt her feet take off beneath her before her mind had even processed what she was doing. All she could think about was reaching the Neith and letting her know what was what. A strong hand clamped around her wrist, whirling her around to a stop. Val held her still, her beautiful face for once tight and serious; her voice authoritative and ancient as she commanded her in a low voice, "Stop. Noah is not interested in the silly Neith, so do not make a scene, Eden. Things are going well for you. You attack a Neith and that will undo everything we have done here."

"You should listen to her," Shona said, seeming to appear out of nowhere. Her mocking eyes roamed over Eden insolently. "It's not like Noah is worth it. He's famous for screwing around with the Neith, Edie. He's taken loads of phone numbers since he's been here. He's never had a proper girlfriend, and after all these years, I doubt he's going to start now with a fledgling, virgin Ankh." Pain. Hurt. It rippled over Eden, stunning her momentarily. The reminder of Noah's past glued her mouth shut and she felt awash in humiliation that she had a let a guy kill her savvy. Rescue came in the form of the ancient warrior at her side. Val stepped toe to toe with the Neith, her eyes narrowed dangerously. Eden watched with satisfaction as Shona blanched. "I do not know who you are little girl but I'll remind you that you're not talking to one of your peers; you are insulting Cyrus of Persepolis' child, and in the presence of one of your elders. You ever talk to the Princep's daughter with such disrespect again and I will hand you your ass. Are we clear?" Shona nodded shakily, the fear and realisation of what she'd just done colliding in her gaze. "I didn't mean to insult you, Valeria."

"Insult Eden, you insult me."

"I apologise." Her mouth twisted as if she had swallowed something bitter. "To both of you." Eden almost laughed at how fast Shona skittered away but she was still reeling from her reaction to Shona's putdown.

"What a repugnant child," Valeria sighed.

"You're pretty scary when you want to be."

"Eden." Her mentor turned her to face her. "Don't listen to a word she said. Noah loves you." Eden glanced over her shoulder and saw him staring at them, a crease of concern between his brows. He lifted his hand in a wave and she returned it before glancing away. Did he? Love her that is?

He hadn't actually said those words yet.

***

"Hey, you're awful quiet." Noah nudged her, that spark of worry that had been gnawing at him since this afternoon suddenly growing a little bigger. Eden had been acting weird for hours. "Do you not like it?" He picked up the CD he'd bought her. After borrowing Tobe's copy of The Airborne Toxic Event's new album, Eden hadn't stopped going on about it, so he'd bought her, her own copy and put a little note inside the jacket of the CD cover, telling her which songs reminded him of her. It was pretty romantic of him considering he didn't do spontaneous gift giving, but he guessed this wasn't the first time he'd surprised Eden with a gift, which should have clued him into how he felt about her a long time ago.

"No, I love it." She smiled up at him, but the cute dimple in her right cheek didn't flash at him teasingly, and he was sure he saw something dark in the depths of her gorgeous eyes.

Growing more concerned by the minute, Noah slid closer to her on Tobe's bed, brushing her hair off her face so she couldn't hide behind it. "So what's wrong?" He let his fingers linger against her cheek, drawing them down across her soft skin. At the feel of her shiver, Noah felt his blood heat. It was weird. He couldn't stop touching her. And he wanted to be around her all the time, talk to her, touch her, kiss her. As his blood quickened, Noah drew a breath, trying to tamp down the mass of emotions that threatened to overwhelm him whenever he was with her. The last week things had changed all over again for him. Now that Eden was his, he wanted to make her his in every way possible. He wanted to lay her back on the bed and take everything she was willing to give.

Strangely, the thought that he would be the only guy she'd ever been with, filled that possessive streak he'd never even known he had until he met her, with this euphoric caveman feeling that he would never admit to owning.

So, Eden being distant with him... was causing him a little panic.

"Nothing." She shook her head, looking back down at the CD.

"Come on." He frowned, trying to work out what could have happened between now and yesterday to put her in a mood. It was difficult to tell with Eden because she could start worrying about something that happened six months ago if she let it get under her skin. "Is it the first kill comedown?"

Eden frowned. "The what?"

"You know... it's such a high after your first kill but you've not had a hunt since. It can sometimes feel like your crashing after a buzz. If so... we could patrol tonight?" They'd been sending out patrols in twos and fours every night just to make sure they'd definitely cleared Edinburgh of soul eaters. So far... so good.

But Eden shook her head at him. "No, it's not that. But you go on patrol if you want." OK, now he knew something was up. Eden turning down some action? "Just tell me what's wrong?" He tried to keep the chick-like anxiety out of his voice.

"It's stupid." She shrugged, trying to blow him off. "I feel like a chick just thinking about it." He smiled. They were so alike in so many ways. "Uh... hate to tell you this, baby, but you are a chick."

She blinked. "Baby?"

"What?"

"You called me baby. You've never done that before."

Unsure if that was a good thing or a bad thing, Noah shifted uncomfortably. "Do you not want me to?" He was completely confused. This whole relationship thing was new to him anyway but to be in one with Eden, the most unpredictable female on the planet...

"No, it's not that," she reassured sliding away from him to lean back against Tobe's headboard.

"It's just... it's stupid but... um... I saw you with Natalie today and she was putting what I can only imagine was her phone number into the ass pocket of your jeans." Realisation dawned, and watching Eden look anywhere but at him filled Noah with a massive sense of relief. Yeah, OK, Natalie had been trying to get him in the sack since she'd met him. And that afternoon hadn't actually been her boldest move. Noah had almost jammed a fork in her hand at the restaurant last week when her other hand descended under the table and began wandering in inappropriate places. Come to think of it, Noah had kind of hoped Eden's attitude that night had meant she was jealous. Now that he was proved right... well... he knew he shouldn't enjoy it, but it was nice knowing she felt just as off-balance by what was going on between them as he did. He grinned, shrugging. "Look it was just her number and I crumpled it up and put it in the trash as soon as I could."

Eden glared at him for grinning so he tried to force his lips to stop and was amused even more by how difficult he found it.

"But she's not the first one, right? There are others? There have been others." It suddenly wasn't so funny anymore. Noah sighed heavily. He should have known his past would come back to bite him on the ass. "Look, I'm not gonna lie, I have a rep with the Neith for not exactly being a one woman guy. But that's over now."

He was astonished when her blue-green eyes flashed at him with anger and anxiety. "Is it?" That earlier panic returned tenfold and Noah slid up next to her, terrified that this was actually going to be a problem. He cupped her face between his hands, trembling like a teenage boy on his first date. "You came into my life and changed everything. You changed me, Eden. You've brought me down to earth and I needed that. I love being Ankh, I do, it's a massive part of who I am, but before you... that's all there was. Everything else stretched out before me, a yawning eternal chasm of boredom... and I played around as a way to try to stem the boredom. I've watched my parents for years and envied them but I never thought I'd ever be lucky enough to have what they have. To have someone in my life that makes me feel so alive; someone who challenges me, who makes me feel things I didn't know I was capable of feeling. You've changed my world, Eden," he whispered, his heart pounding as he pressed a kiss to her soft, warm lips. He pulled back to lean his forehead against hers, glad to see the fear and anxiety melt out of her eyes. "Plus, immortality just isn't cool without you."

She laughed and leaned into him, her hands unconsciously reaching up to grab the front of his t-shirt. And then she sobered, dropping her gaze. "I'm scared of how you make me feel." Relief swept through him and he sighed, glad to know they were on the same page. "I know. I feel that way too. But I can promise you that I am not going anywhere." He took a minute, heart thumping so hard now he felt a little sick as he pulled back to meet her gaze. Here goes... "I love you." His heart accelerated as her eyes widened in disbelief. It felt as if she kept him suspended in that excruciating moment forever. But then she was kissing him, her arms wrapped tightly around his neck. He kissed her back, somehow unable to refuse her lips despite the turmoil. What did this mean?

Did she-

Eden pulled back. "I love you too, dude."

Undiluted joy burst over him and he laughed, yanking her back against him. He kissed her hard and deep, his hand clasping the back of her head, tangled in the thick mass of her silky hair. He'd fantasised about her hair spread across his pillow for far longer than he cared to admit. When she moaned against his lips, his muscles tensed, his blood flow changing direction and heading for one area. He tried to take it slow. He did. But she smelled amazing, like chocolate orange, and she felt amazing, so soft and warm...

Oh man.

He pressed her down under him, his lips reluctantly leaving her mouth to trail butterfly kisses down her neck. His hand slid down her waist, her hip, to the back of her thigh, and he clasped it, tilting her tighter against him.

"Noah," she gasped, and the sound of his name on her lips, like that, snapped all of his control. He started murmuring nonsense love words, stuff he'd never imagined saying to anyone, about how he'd dreamed about this for so long, needed her. He'd always been the silent type, but not with her. After everything she'd gone through, he wanted her to know that there was someone who loved her more than life itself.

He rocked against her and they gasped against each other's lips. "Eden," he groaned, reaching for the hem of her shirt, his eyes asking if it was alright.

In answer she began sliding the shirt up, revealing a gorgeous toned stomach that he couldn't resist pressing a kiss to.

The sound of the door blasting open behind them jerked them away from each other and at the sight of Val's harried appearance Noah quickly slid a pillow over himself.

Eden huffed in frustration. "We need to get a room with a lock." Chapter Twenty Two

Ripped from a Happy Place

If she hadn't been so hot and bothered and frustrated, Eden might have laughed at Val's inopportune interruption. And then she finally saw the look on Val's face and any humour she might have found in the situation dissipated.

Something was wrong.

Really wrong.

She scrambled upright, her eyes wide as she asked, "What's going on?" Val's jaw clenched in anger. "October and Cameron."

Those two words sent Eden's heart into spluttering palpitations, a sick fear churning in her stomach. "What about them? Where are they?"

"They were out together," Val growled. "We've just received a letter. A letter from Teagan." Eden tumbled back, feeling as if the bed had been whipped out from under her. Her eyes teared as she gazed numbly around the room. She didn't need it spelled out for her. She knew exactly what was happening and she wanted to throw the news up all over Tobe's carpet.

"Get yourselves together and come downstairs," Val ordered. "McLeish and Cameron's mother are here."

Not saying a word to Noah, guilt eating at her, Eden followed Val out of the room, ignoring Noah as he called out to her as he hurried to play catch up.

The tension downstairs was unbearable, the press of so many worried adults in one room like a stone slab on Eden's chest. Her whole body was thrumming with a quiet rage as she listened to Cyrus explain what was happening. Teagan had sent a note and photographic evidence that he had Tobe and Cameron captured in an old, disused nightclub near somewhere called Tollcross. It was only a fifteen minute walk from the house. Arrogant, cocksure. Teagan wanted to trade them for Eden and Eden was to come alone. She was more than ready to face her cousin.

She felt her stomach clench. She'd kill him if he'd put his perverted disgusting hands anywhere near them!

She should have known. She should have known he would come back for her. She had known.

Deep down. And now she'd put the people she cared about in danger.

I'm going to kill him.

It was decided that Eden was strong enough to take on Teagan and that she should be allowed to do this. They would surround the nightclub and once Tobe and Cameron were safe they'd go in to help Eden take out Teagan.

*

Noah was furious. Cyrus was refusing to let him come with them, ordering him to stay and babysit Mhairi, Alison and the McLeish boys!

"Your feelings for Eden are too new and I believe they could put you in danger. Both of you. You would not be thinking clearly."

There was no way in hell he was letting Eden go into this without him. "I'm coming." Cyrus' face hardened. "Do not, Noah."

"If you think for one-"

"Noah, please." Eden was suddenly beside him, a placating hand on his arm. "I have to get Tobe and Cameron back and I can't do that if you and I are too busying worrying about each other. I'll be fine. I have Cyrus and Val. So please... stay and look after Mhairi and Alison. Someone has to protect them too."

He gulped, trying to swallow the overwhelming panic he felt. He had to remember what it had been like to watch her take out that soul eater. She had been awesome. He had to remember and trust in her capabilities. Easier said than done. Sighing, Noah reluctantly nodded. He had faith. "Go." When she left, his lips were still tingling from the fleeting kiss she'd given him. He gazed at the door, forcing himself not to rush out after her.

"Welcome to the wonderful world of being in love, Mr Valois." Mhairi Douglas threw him a sad, worried smile. "It changes us in ways we could never imagine." Not really in the mood for her twisted wisdom, Noah concentrated on the fear she was trying to keep hidden. "Eden's a great warrior, Mhairi. Tobe's coming home in one piece and very soon." She nodded, features tight. "I have faith."

Chapter Twenty-Three

The Right Card

If it was possible, Eden felt as if the city was worrying with her. There was a hush in the night air and traffic was quieter than usual. No barks of laughter from outside pubs sliced the air, only people clutching together in the chilly spring night and murmuring quietly to each other as they passed the intimidating group that tried not to march towards Tollcross. And Eden didn't know if it was her imagination or not but she could have sworn she could smell the nauseating stench of copper all around them... like wet pennies. Like... blood. She tugged the black mac Val had picked out for her tighter around her and then remembered it was supposed to be hiding the katana she had strapped to her hip under it and loosened her grip a little. Stomach churning, Eden tried to focus, but so much had happened in the past hour her head felt like it had been invaded by hundreds of buzzing bees.

This was how her life would be from now on. One minute making out with Noah and the next heading off to rescue someone. People. People that she cared about. She chewed her lip as Mary fell away from her. Cameron's mom had been treating her with chilly disdain since the moment she'd entered the sitting room. She blamed her. Good. Eden was to blame. It was her sick cousin playing cat and mouse with them. Eden was so ready to take him down. It wasn't just about him taking Tobe and Cameron; it was about what she knew he was capable of. They couldn't have a soul eater like him roaming around. He was pure evil and he was incredibly powerful.

He'd better not have touched Tobe. She felt a flush of anger score across her skin. Warily she shot a look at Christopher and Alison as they walked next to her, their skin pale and their features pulled tight with fear. They'd been so kind to her. There was no way in hell she was letting them down. As they passed a pub called The Auld Toll Eden's muscles tensed, her heart began to accelerate. She was so glad Noah was back at the house. Cyrus had been right. Their feelings for each other were too new. Something like this was too big for them to handle together, especially as Eden wasn't even sure they were in control of their own fricking relationship, never mind hunting. What had nearly happened between them on Tobe's bed shocked her. Noah was experienced, she knew that; the whole fricking Warrior society knew that. But she wasn't. And despite how he made her feel, how carried away she'd gotten, in a sick twisted way she was glad of the interruption. She wasn't ready to sleep with Noah. Or anyone. They needed to slow things down.

That was a conversation she was so not looking forward to.

Tobe would tell her she was crazy.

"My first time was with a guy from school who thinks Iraq is a brand of Mp3 player. If you've got someone like Noah Valois sniffing around your heels, then I say kick them up and let him have his wicked way with you."

At the thought of her friend Eden's chest seemed to rip itself open.

"Stop," Cyrus said from behind her and she turned around to see him cut down an empty side street. They gathered around them and Eden glanced warily back out onto the main street. If anyone saw them they'd know they were up to no good. "The club is around the corner. Red door, Eden." They all looked at her expectantly. Eden exhaled, trying to meet all their gazes, trying to tell them silently that she could do this.

You can do this.

She'd totally given Teagan a couple of beatdowns before.

Cyrus placed a comforting hand on her shoulder. "Remember the plan. And we are right here." Nodding militantly Eden blurred away from them, using her preternatural speed to confuse any witnesses who might see her. A few seconds later she stood on an isolated back street before a red door covered in graffiti. Taking one more deep breath, Eden stood back and thrust her leg out, her foot connecting with the door and blasting it off its hinges.

She winced, glancing around. That had been loud.

Ducking inside, hurriedly, Eden's eyes sought through the darkness and she stumbled up a couple of stairs.

"Way to go, stealth girl," she whispered, catching the wall to keep her balance. Her heart pounded in her chest as she pricked her ears, trying to make out any sound of Tobe or Cameron... or God forbid Teagan. There was nothing. Once she could make out shadows, Eden followed the narrow corridor and rounded a corner, light suddenly flooding out before her as she took in the huge open dance hall.

It was eerily quiet.

Too quiet.

As her footsteps echoed off the walls, Eden's heartbeat began to echo the sound. A terrifying thought was beginning to crawl its way to the forefront of her mind, despite her fear trying to kick it back to where it had come from.

There was no one here.

She spun around, furious tears pricking her eyes. "Noah," she whispered.

***

Noah froze at the clatter that came from the kitchen. Mhairi and the McLeish boys were sitting in tense silence and they turned to Noah with narrowed eyes. Before they could say a word he put a finger to his lips to shush them.

Heartbeat steady, muscles relaxed and ready for anything, Noah grabbed his Kaskara, a broadsword, and new weapon of choice. Christopher favoured it and when Noah had trained with him he'd come to see why. When he saw how easily it strapped horizontally across the back and could be hidden under his jacket, Noah had decided to trade in the Lakonian he'd been using. It had taken him three hours to learn the nuance of using it and by the end of their first training session he had bested Christopher with it. The weight of the sword in his hand was as always a comfort to Noah as he moved on silent feet towards the kitchen, checking the hallway right and left before he moved out into it. The light was on in the kitchen and Noah couldn't remember whether the family had left it on or not, but the closer he grew to the room the more Noah sensed something in the air.

They weren't alone.

The kitchen was empty but Noah strode to the opposite end of the room to stare out of the glass double doors that led into the yard. In the dim light cast across the lawn Noah saw Teagan standing facing him triumphantly, two soul eater bodyguards on either side of him.

October and Cameron were on their knees before him, tape across their mouths, their wrists and ankles bound tight. Fury poured over Noah as he stepped quietly out into the cool night air and smelled the coppery scent of blood from Tobe and Cameron's wounds. They had been beaten badly.

Trying to curtail his fury, Noah glanced out and around them, his sharp eyes making sure there were no neighbours peering out of their windows at them. And then he looked back at them and winced at the open gash across Tobe's face. Teagan must have had her beaten recently; Neith didn't heal as quickly as Ankh but they still healed faster than humans. The Scots' wounds were too fresh.

"You son-of-a-bitch," Noah snarled at Teagan, dragging the point of his sword across the grass, his eyes blazing with promised retribution. He lifted the Kaskara and pointed it straight at Eden's disgusting cousin. Noah shuddered inwardly, disbelieving that he had left her to live in a house with this mongrel for so long. "What's the game, Winslow?"

Teagan grinned, a smarmy smile of malice and insanity. "You guys got my note. By now my sweet little betrothed will have realised that I played a tiny little trick on her. The fact that you're here also is just... such a bonus."

Noah tried to calm himself. Had it been any other soul eater he'd have been able to play it cool, to focus. But this guy... this guy was obsessed with taking Eden, of abusing her in the worst ways possible. "So what's this?" he asked in such a bland voice he was almost proud of himself.

"I'm not stupid, you little jerk," Teagan sneered at him. "I knew if I tried to take Eden here, in this city, I'd be in over my head. Plus, now that I think about it I'm not sure she'd be willing to sacrifice Cyrus for just these two." He kicked Tobe and Cameron growled at him around his gag.

Noah squeezed the hilt of his sword. "You touch her again and I'll kill you." Teagan nodded at the two soul eaters beside him who instantly took two steps forward. "You, however, Noah Valois, yeah unfortunately I get the feeling my slutty little betrothed is messing around with you behind my back. So if I take you back to the States, I know Eden will come running to rescue you." He winked at him and Noah suddenly felt sick as he understood what Teagan meant to do. "Cyrus won't be able to stop her if you're involved. So Eden comes running, I use you as leverage to get what I want, you go free, I get Eden as Eden once was and Cyrus gets what's coming to him. We all win."

Noah snorted and gripped his sword, ready to fight. "Go screw yourself, Winslow."

"See, I thought you might say something incredibly rude like that," Teagan tutted, shaking his head. "That's why I brought incentives."

To Noah's horror the soul eaters didn't rush to attack him, they both pulled out knives and turned on October and Cameron. Eyes scanning the two huge guys, Noah's brain raced to calculate how he could take them out and then get to Teagan. As the one standing over Tobe began to swipe the knife towards her, Noah reached into his pocket and pulled out his pen knife. In a shimmer of movement he flicked it open and launched it at the soul eater's hand. The lug cried out and dropped his weapon, turning on Noah just as Noah reached him. He sliced the Katsara in an upwards stroke across the soul eater's torso, blood spreading rapidly across the monster's shirt. Before the soul eater could even comprehend the wound, Noah brought the sword back down and across from its upward swing and took the piece of crap's head clean off. Feeling the other soul eater launch towards him, Noah struck his sword out behind him, feeling the impact and vibration of it plunge into the guy's stomach.

Triumphant, he was just about to pull it out and spin around to finish the job, when he felt a familiar prick in his upper arm. Horrified, he jerked around to catch Teagan pull out the needle and smile at him.

"Don't worry. I'm a man of honour. These two go free. But you and I have a plane to catch."

"You son-"

Noah forgot the rest of the words, any words, as Teagan's face blurred before him. And just as he fell into the darkness only a lethal toxin could immerse him in, he heard Teagan say, "Now let's get what we came for, let's grab Grandma and go."

Chapter Twenty-Four

The Dark Side

It had been six hours and there was still no trace of Teagan, Noah and Mhairi. They were gone.

The note Teagan had left was crumpled in Eden's hands, her knuckles white from clutching it so hard. They'd returned to the house as fast as they could once they realised Teagan had deceived them, but it was too late. Alison was already cleaning Tobe and Cameron's wounds while Tobe cursed and raged at what had happened to them. When Eden had stepped into the room, her eyes wildly searching for Noah, she wasn't surprised when Alison handed her a note when she asked for him.

Hey Paradise,

It's been a while. I miss my fiance, even if she is cheating on me with scum. Speaking of said scum, I've got your boy Noah and the old gal. Want them back? Go home to the States, Beautiful.

I've left instructions at the gatehouse of Cyrus the Piss-ant's establishment. Looking forward to seeing you, Babe. Missed you.

Teagan x

All it had taken was a phone call to confirm that a package had indeed been left for Eden at Cyrus'

gatehouse. The look in Cyrus' eyes when he was given the confirmation was a like kick to the back of Eden's knees. She almost went tumbling down.

As the family bustled about around her, she had to stop herself from screaming the windows out.

When Tobe and Cameron had been taken she'd been afraid and angry.

But Noah...

Eden was consumed with fury and terror. She couldn't lose him. First Stellan, now Noah. No. That Teagan had taken Mhairi as well was a mystery to them. Well a mystery to Eden. She didn't like the closed-off suspicious look in Cyrus' eyes, but when she asked him about it he told her to stay calm, that Teagan had probably taken Mhairi as an extra precaution in case Noah got away from them.

"He knows you would never leave Mhairi in his hands, Eden. He is just covering all his bases." Eden had wanted to believe him but she knew, just knew there was something he wasn't telling her. Her fury over Noah's kidnapping kept her from questioning him. It was exhausting and when Cyrus wanted to keep something to himself he was unmoving.

"Our things packed yet?" Eden asked in a raspy voice as Val entered the sitting room.

Her mentor nodded. "Tobe's awake if you want to say goodbye." After she'd come down from the swearing and the caterwauling, Tobe had collapsed in exhaustion. Cameron had hovered over her worriedly before his mother insisted he get home to get some sleep. Eden had shared a quick distracted embrace with him; glad he was OK, sad to be saying goodbye.

She didn't even know how she was supposed to say goodbye to Tobe.

"Hey," October said softly as Eden slid into her room. "You're leaving." Eden nodded, her jaw clenched tight. "He has Mhairi and Noah" Tobe's eyes flashed before she blinked back tears. "I know. Mum and dad say Cyrus won't let them go with you to get her back." She choked on a sob. "Bring her back, Eden. Please." Holding burning tears prisoner in her throat, Eden nodded. "I'm going to." Tobe nodded, slumping back against her pillows, weary and scared. "Noah tried to fight, Eden," she assured her. "He wasn't going to let him do this to you but the bugger had help and he stuck Noah before he knew what was what. After that he just took Mhairi and there was nothing we could do. Mum tried to fight but they would have killed her."

"Noah got one of them though," Eden whispered, thinking about the body they'd recovered from the backyard. She wouldn't be surprised if a neighbour had seen something. McLeish would have to scramble to cover it up if that were true. McLeish. She still hadn't figured out what was going on with him.

It didn't matter.

Nothing mattered but getting Noah and Mhairi back. A red haze clouded over her vision.

Tobe frowned. "Eden, I've never seen you like this, it's scary."

"I feel scary."

Her insides felt raw, her bones brittle, her blood was so enflamed with wrath it seemed to be rushing at super speed around her body as if trying to put itself out. There was an ugliness inside her again, an ugliness she'd thought had disappeared after her transition.

"You'll get him back, Eden."

She nodded tightly. "And then I'm going take Teagan's head off with my bare hands."

"I think you mean that."

Eden suddenly strode towards her, her anger pushing her. "Did he touch you?" Tobe swallowed. "It wasn't anything I couldn't handle."

"Tobe?"

"He beat me up, but there was no funny stuff so you can rest easy." She hadn't realised how much the thought had been bothering her until the air escaped out of her lungs with relief. "I'm still going to kill him."

"Get in a stab for me, will you?"

Eden smiled sadly and leaned down to hug her. "Of course." Tobe held on fiercely. "Cam and I kept each other safe, Eden. We're fine. You just concentrate on getting my Nana and Noah back."

"I hate leaving you like this."

Pushing her back Tobe responded with a no-nonsense look. "Go. If I could I would."

***

The jet was too small for Eden's emotions. She paced up and down, concentrating on the anger trying not to let the fear in. But that little voice kept creeping in, telling her Teagan would probably kill Noah just for being Ankh, so the fact that he meant something to Eden pretty much assured his demise. As for Mhairi... what did Teagan want with her?!

Her nerves were screaming at her.

"Eden, please sit down," Cyrus sighed, looking pained by how upset she was.

Val just sat staring ahead, locked inside herself. Like Eden.

Finally the Ankh asked softly, "Did you call Alain and Emmaline?" Eden winced as Cyrus nodded. "They know."

Oh God, she had Noah's parents to face. They were totally going to blame her and they would be right to. It was her fault. Teagan was her messed up family and she should have known to deal with him before hurrying off to explore her new life as an Ankh.

"How did he discover where we were?" she spat, throwing herself back into her seat. Her hands trembled as she picked up the glass of water Cyrus had pressed on her. "Was it McLeish? I'll kill the rat."

"It was not McLeish," Cyrus replied patiently. "Christopher and I discovered who the traitor was.

Unbeknownst to us so did McLeish. He is dealing with it. But that particular traitor has nothing to do with Teagan finding you. I have yet to discover who that is." The news momentarily shocked her and she sat stunned for a minute. She had been so positive McLeish was the one out to get her. "Who was it?"

Cyrus and Val shared an uneasy look before he returned his eyes to Eden's face. "His sister.

Mary."

Surprisingly, that news hurt. "Mary? Cameron's mom?" She shook her head disbelieving. "She was so nice to me."

"She was pretending. She has not recovered from her husband's death and is abhorred by the fact that the Neith had to entertain you; had to facilitate your transition. When McLeish confided in her about Cosmina, Mary decided to try and contact her. McLeish had his suspicions so he had someone watching her. He had a few false trails set up so that the person she ended up making contact with was one of his own people. With that proof... well... he has promised to deal with her."

"That's it?" Eden snapped. "She tried to have me killed and he's 'dealing' with it." Val shrugged. "We can only deal with one thing at a time. Right now we're concentrating on Noah and Mhairi; we'll deal with McLeish and his sister later." Eden sank back into the chair and felt a growl burrowing its way out from the back of her throat.

"I'm going to kill Teagan."

"Someone has to," Cyrus murmured. "His obsession with you is not something that will rest. I am afraid your second hunt may be your hardest, Eden."

"Yeah," she agreed hoarsely. "But not like you think."

She could hear Val shift, as if she were uncomfortable with Eden's tone. "What do you mean?" Rolling her head to look at them, she saw the concern flash across their features as they took in her expression. They deserved to know the truth about her. "I'm going to kill him. And I'm going to enjoy it."

Chapter Twenty-five

Hell, Sweet, Hell

Ever since he'd met the little creep, Teagan had fantasised about having him in this position. He gazed across the room until his eyes fell on Noah handcuffed to the wall. It wasn't enough to hold him, so Teagan had injected him with another high concentration of potassium chloride. The Ankh's head hung limply, his wrists dangling over the iron mounts locking him against the blood red wall.

"Be glad I've eaten, Valois, because you are looking awful tasty right now," Teagan taunted, crossing his legs, fondling a decorative silver dagger Ryan had bought him for his eighteenth birthday. "Your boss killed my uncle. He was like a father to me." Noah coughed weakly and Teagan wasn't so sure there wasn't a snort hidden in that noise. "Boo for you."

Fury shot through him at the sound of a throaty chuckle from the other set of handcuffs. The old Neith woman smiled at him sinisterly. Teagan immediately moved to launch the dagger at Noah but at the last minute he checked himself. He needed to keep the s.o.b alive. "I'd watch it. I already hate you just for being you but the fact that your slimy little hands have been all over what's mine makes me want to cut off certain things I know you'd miss."

With satisfaction, Teagan looked on as Noah forced his head up, those strange violet eyes of his glittering at him darkly against the glaze of the toxin. "You might as well kill me because I'll die before I let you anywhere near her."

His anger soothed Teagan, making him laugh. "Have you met my cousin? Tall, dark hair, lush lips, death stare." He chuckled. "She's as stubborn as a mule and once she makes her mind up about something she pretty much sticks to it. She's coming to trade her life for yours and there's nothing that will stop her. It's the only thing that's keeping you alive right now." Without a doubt Noah was laughing at him and Teagan had to slam the dagger down on the table next to him to stop himself from doing something he'd regret. "She hates you, you sick douchebag.

She might come for me, but she'll kill you before she ever lets you lay a hand on her." Shifting uncomfortably, Teagan bit back an uncool retort. He knew he was in for a fight with Eden, he wasn't a complete idiot, but he had something they didn't know about. A reverse cure. He wasn't there to drag the new Eden into a relationship with him. No he was there to get her back, to watch her eyes turn grey. And it wasn't as if he hadn't brought reinforcements to help make sure the job got done. He threw Noah an arrogant, snarly smirk. "She'll do what she's told or I bring hell down on all of you."

***

Eden,

Glad to see you made it to Boston and so quickly. If I didn't know any better I'd say you had feelings for this little jerk. It hurts, Eden. Can't help myself. I'm the jealous type. Not to worry, I also know how to get what I want so I haven't hurt your little warrior boy or the old lady... yet. Come home, Eden, before I decide to check out Noah - see what all the fuss is about. Oh... and bring Cyrus and Valeria. But just you three. You bring anyone else and pull a fast one on me and I'll know. You trick me, babe, and I'm not going to just to kill your boy and the Neith. I'm going to do them over Ryan Winslow style, and I think we both know you don't want that.

Come quickly. I'm getting hungry.

Teagan x

After she finished reading it out loud, Eden forced herself to meet Noah's parents' gaze. Emma was trying not to cry. Alain on the other hand looked as if he was trying to restrain himself from flying at her. With one last look of unadulterated fury and blame, he shot off the couch in one of Cyrus' many sitting rooms and stormed out, slamming the door so hard they heard the panelling splinter.

Eden flinched and shot a look at Cyrus. Her guardian shook his head gently, telling her not to worry. But she was worried. Teagan had Noah and Mhairi at the Winslow mansion.

She was going to have to return to the one place she'd promised she never would.

***

Staring at Noah and Mhairi was getting boring, so Teagan had sauntered back upstairs, making sure everything was in place. He nodded at a soul eater as he passed him in the hallway and wandered through to the back sitting room where French doors opened out onto the balcony and the sprawling gardens beyond. At the very north of the property sat a helicopter and its pilot, waiting for Teagan's plans to come to fruition.

Right at this moment Eden must be on her way to him. He brushed the bump on his inner arm where the tracking device had been shot into him and thought of the needles each of his men carried.

Enough to load up Cyrus and Valeria with the toxin and get them on a helicopter to the Tribunal. The Tribunal would have the leverage they needed to lure in Darius of Mesopotamia and Teagan would have Eden. The old Eden.

He was just sorry the little asshat downstairs would get to make it out of all of this alive.

Chapter Twenty-Six

Biggest Fear

It seemed only fitting that the sky opened up to lash hard rain down on the car as they arrived in Salton. It pelted off the bonnet like gunfire, seeming to emphasise the tense silence among Eden and her two companions. She tried not to tremble as the gates to her parent's mansion swung open allowing them entrance. Teagan would be watching her from inside. The gravel kicked under their wheels familiarly and Eden squeezed her eyes shut, drawing in her breath, preparing herself to return to the scene of her nightmares. Stepping out into the humid night air that stung the nose with a threatening metallic scent that warned of electricity, Eden shared one last questioning look with Cyrus. He nodded, telling her to trust him.

She was trying but this seemed crazy.

Cyrus was actually sticking to Teagan's demands. They had no other warriors, no back-up, nothing. Just the three of them walking into what was clearly a trap. The fact that he wanted Eden, Cyrus and Val, had the Princeps' alarm bells ringing. Cyrus was pretty sure the Tribunal were involved and Teagan was more than happy to use Eden to cast a net over the Princeps and Val. When he'd told her that, Eden had argued with him. Something she had never done before. It was bad enough that Noah and Mhairi's lives were in danger because of her, she didn't want to be the reason Cyrus and Val, two of the most important members of The Circle, ended up in the hands of their mortal enemy.

But Cyrus seemed coldly calm and wouldn't budge on his decision to accompany her. Eden wondered what the hell he knew that she didn't.

Exhaling loudly and feeling weirdly nak*d without her katana, Eden followed Cyrus and Val up the front steps of the house to where the door lay open. Beyond the double doors they could see into the foyer, where Teagan stood grinning at them.

It took every ounce of self-control she owned not to launch herself at him like a jaguar taking down a particularly annoying and wily prey. Cyrus strode through the doorway with Val, no hesitation, no fear, and Eden, desperate to be as controlled and strong as her guardian, hurried in after him. The bright white of the foyer was immediately dimmed by the thirty or so soul eaters who leeched out of the hallway and surrounding rooms to encircle them in a wall of black-suited evil. She curled a lip at them. They looked like extras from Men In Black.

Idiotic looking or not, Eden, she whispered to herself , you're completely outnumbered. She cast her eyes over them, trying to decide what would be the best way to attack when she didn't have a sword.

"Babe, you look good." Teagan smiled at her and she found herself stepping towards him so he knew she wasn't afraid of him. "Not so sure about the eye colour but in a little while we won't need to worry about that."

Pulling on every ounce of hatred she had for him, Eden let it shine out of the new eyes he spoke of, not even registering his comment. "You know I'm Ankh now, Teagan. Don't you think the race issues between us are just a little too big to overcome?" He grinned. "Haven't lost your bite. Good to know. And the whole Ankh thing is about to become a non-issue." He shrugged.

Eden felt her whole body seize up. She felt an ear splintering rant form in her chest and edge its way up towards her tongue but a voice suddenly whispered in her brain, telling her to stop. Teagan was enjoying this, antagonising her, drawing it out. She wouldn't give him the damn satisfaction.

"Where's Noah?"

As she suspected, Teagan's face fell a little at her sidestep. He shrugged again. "He'll go free. But first I need your boss and his little lady friend to cooperate."

"What do you want?" Cyrus' voice echoed around the hallway and beyond. Eden enjoyed the way Teagan's aura seemed to deflate when faced with Cyrus' considerable and ancient power.

Her cousin tried to cover up the falter with an arrogant sneer. "I want to inject you and Valeria with potassium chloride to incapacitate you. And before you start questioning me," he turned and picked up a remote, pointing it at the television screen beside him, "there's your boy and old lady, alive and well." Noah and Mhairi flickered on the screen, handcuffed to the wall down in the basement. Eden felt her whole body move towards the screen and was glad for Valeria's hand clamping down on her arm to stop her.

"Could be fake?" Eden tried to sound calm.

Rolling his eyes, Teagan pulled out his cell phone and hit a speed dial button. "Six, I need you to speak to the guy prisoner. Make it very quick though." He snapped the cell shut and pointed at the screen.

They watched as a hulking great big soul eater stalked onto the screen, a blade in his hand.

Dawning horror hit her as he pulled the blade back and plunged it into Noah's stomach and twisted it.

His hoarse yell echoed up the basement stairwell behind Teagan and Eden turned to her cousin with retribution blazing in her eyes. "Did I tell you how much I'm going to enjoy killing you?" Teagan snorted. "Promises, promises."

Thankfully the soul eater who had attacked Noah was happy with just that one ripping attack. He melted off screen and Teagan switched the television off.

"So?" he asked Cyrus expectantly.

Cyrus' gaze bore through him. "What exactly do you want with Eden?" Teagan studied him for a moment, a small smile curling his lip. "You know don't you?"

"Where did you get it?"

"Ryan."

"How?"

"He stole it from your house when he came for Merrit."

Eden's head swivelled between the two, her heart racing with an unknown horror. "What? What are you talking about?"

Laughing now at the unbanked anger in Cyrus' eyes, Teagan shrugged. "Should I do the honours?"

"What the hell is going on?!" Eden yelled, terrified that Teagan had managed to unsettle the Princeps.

Her cousin slid a hand into his jacket pocket, pulling out a tattered journal that looked a million years old. "These are your Princeps' scribblings." He pointed the yellow pages at her. "Notes taken from the theories of an Egyptian Voodoo Priestess who communed with the gods. In them she discusses the Unforeseen. You wanna hear the really interesting part?" He grinned cockily at her and Eden knew... she knew... something terrible was about to be revealed. "If it be truth that the Unforeseen transform to warrior with the ingress of blood of the line into the form, then so it be truth that death of the line, before seven years after blood assimiliation, kills the warrior and welcomes soul taker to form."

Eden blinked, shaking her head stupidly. "What the hell does that mean?" The malicious smile on Teagan's face made her want to throw up. "It means that if the person who gave you the blood that transformed you to Ankh - that would be Mhairi - dies before seven years after the transition, her blood inside you dies too and you turn back to one of the Blessed." His eyes were alight with excitement at the prospect.

She felt as if she had been stabbed through the gut. It took every ounce of strength she had not to let her knees buckle beneath her. "Seven..." she whispered incredulously.

"Yeah, it's some Egyptian thing. Seven planets, seven years of plenty, of famine, constellation crap yaddah yaddah yaddah. The important thing, Paradise, it means I get you back." Pure terror and fury exploded out of her. "Don't call me that!" This couldn't be happening. It just couldn't. There was no way he could take away her whole life like that. "What do you want with Noah?"

She already knew what he wanted with Mhairi.

"You don't let me kill the old gal... fine... I'll kill your boy." He shrugged at her, as if he were asking which cereal she'd prefer for breakfast. "What will it be, Eden? Noah or Mhairi?" The question sent a shock through her body and she glanced at Cyrus and Val for help.

"They can't help you, Eden." Teagan smirked. "In fact... I believe I'm waiting on them agreeing to the injection?"

To her absolute shock Eden could only look on as Cyrus and Val nodded their assent. No, she trembled visibly now. They had to help her?! They couldn't leave her, for this to happen to her. She'd rather die than be a soul eater again.

But Noah.

An angry hot tear escaped over her lid and she swiped it furiously. Could she do it? Could she give up herself and Mhairi to save the boy she loved?

The answer horrified her.

"Cyrus?" she begged, watching as two of the soul eaters surrounding them stepped out of the circle at Teagan's order and took needles out of their inside suit pockets. Eyes huge, she pleaded silently with Cyrus for answers as the needle plunged into his neck.

"Never fear, Eden," he told her softly. "The Eye of Horus is always watching." Brows furrowing, Eden racked her brain for meaning in Cyrus' cryptic comment. What...?

"Cyrus?" she asked anxiously but his eyes were already closing.

The Eye of Horus is always watching.

The Eye of Horus...

The Eye...

She gasped, glancing up at Teagan with a gleam of triumph in her gaze. Darius! Darius was coming. She didn't know when or how or what but somehow she knew that Darius could save them.

The power she had felt from him...

Suddenly it didn't matter when he was going to make his appearance; simply knowing he was out there ready to help forced Eden into action. With a roar of rage she lunged towards Teagan, propelling all her power into knocking him to his feet. Hands wrapped around her cousin's throat, Eden felt that overwhelming familiar power surge into the house even through the blaze of her hate.

It seeped through the walls and shimmered in the air, it clung to her skin and frightened her with its otherworldliness. A streak of colour shot by her and Eden jerked her head around to see the dark blur slice its way through the men. The yells of agony, grunts, flesh tearing, grew in crescendo as blood splatter sprayed against the wall, filling the foyer with the breath-stealing scent of copper.

Pain ricocheted through Eden's jaw, tearing her eye as she fell backwards.

Damn! she screamed inwardly in rage as Teagan punched her and flipped her onto her back. She shot her leg up between his legs but he expected the move and sidestepped. It was enough to give Eden the space to roll away from and to her feet. She ignored the crazy massacre in the background, her entire focus on bringing her cousin down once and for all. She thought of the men and women he'd killed. The torture. The rape. The sadism that was beyond humane thinking. She thought of how he'd made her endure his crimes. How she hadn't been strong enough to stop him.

Well... now she was.

Trying to remember all she'd learned over the last few weeks, Eden began to pace around him, waiting, with a patience she never knew she was capable of, for him to attack first. When the powerful punch came Eden reacted fluidly, sidestepping, grabbing his wrist, twisting it, pounding her knee into the weak part of his upper thigh, pushing him down, pulling his arm up. Snap.

His harsh scream didn't fill Eden with the satisfaction she'd thought she'd feel.

A strange mix of desolation and relief crashed over her as she realised she wasn't going to enjoy her cousin's death as she had assumed she would. That part of her no longer existed, that part that could find some pleasure out of the darkest pieces of her heart. Yes, she wanted Teagan dead, but that's all she wanted. She just wanted him gone. There was no joy in that. The darkness existed inside her, as it did in all things with a soul, but she no longer belonged to it. She belonged to light, a light that made her duty necessary but ugly, not something to revel in. And there was no way this piece of scum was returning to her to the dark.

Her cousin's elbow came up and connected with her face, snapping her head back with a powerful blow. Eden staggered, hot pain blazing across her nose and down the muscles in her neck. She shook herself and readied her stance as Teagan jumped to his feet, locking his broken arm back into place.

"You've learned a few tricks while you've been gone but I could do this all day. Without a sword, you have no way of taking me down."

As a particularly harsh scream sounded behind them, they both turned. Eden's eyes widened in relief and... truly... fear and horror as she took in the sight of Darius standing in amongst a litter of decapitated bodies.

"What the...?" her cousin breathed behind her and for once she heard actual dread in his voice.

Darius' face was expressionless, covered in streaks of blood, his black eyes dark and unreachable.

"Here," he said to her and Eden blinked fast as a sword suddenly soared through the air towards her.

But just as she reached for it, a familiar arm darted out in front of her and caught it.

Noah.

Eyes wide, she took in his haggered appeared, the exhaustion from the drug still dragging in his eyes. There was blood and gore splattered over his chest and face, and a sadness in his eyes that made her heart stop.

"Mhairi's gone," he whispered, stepping past her and pointing the sword at Teagan. "She got me out but one of his thugs killed her." He slanted a gaze at her. "You don't have to do this. I can do it for you. With pleasure."

"What do you mean the old bitch is dead?!" Teagan spat, his eyes flaring as they washed over Eden. "You should be changing! Why the hell aren't you changing?"

"Because," Darius omniscient voice echoed behind them, "you read the scripture wrong. All of the immediate bloodline must die in order to reverse Eden's transition." As relief poured through her, Teagan launched at them.

"Noah!" she shouted, stepping back and giving him the go-ahead.

At the change in Noah's demeanour - Eden could see it took everything he had to pull his energy together to face her cousin - wariness entered Teagan's grey eyes and he stepped back, readying himself. Noah nodded at him, his silent words telling him that this was how it was always going to end between them. Teagan's jaw clenched as it did when he disagreed with someone, a creature blinded by his obsession.

Teagan slid back from Noah's swings but Noah kept on him, cutting the sword through the air near her cousin's flesh until he had him backed into a corner. At one last attempt to save himself, Teagan threw his body at Noah. Noah dropped to the floor and Teagan stumbled past him, coming up to turn to face him and finding the edge of his blade instead. Relief washed over Eden, perhaps even some satisfaction. But as she'd come to realise only moments before, there was no pleasure.

Teagan's headless body had barely hit the floor before Noah dropped to the ground, the sword clattering out of his hands. Eden hurried over to him, falling to her knees before him, cradling his face in her trembling hands. "You're OK?" she whispered.

He nodded, his eyes washing over her face. "I couldn't save her." Blinking back tears at the thought Mhairi's demise and the awful task that lay before her of informing Tobe and her parents, Eden shook her head. "Don't. Not your fault." His bitter smile told her he felt differently.

Choking on tears Eden stood to her feet, dragging Noah to his and holding on to him. She turned to face the ancient Ankh who stood hovering over Cyrus and Val's unconscious forms, a carnage of gory, bloody, pulpy, grisly unreality all around them. Limbs and heads and inside and entrails spilled across the floor and walls and Eden found herself swallowing back vomit. She focused her eyes on the warrior who had created the carnage, desperate to get the imagery out of her head. "We better get out of here. The Tribunal might be on their way."

Darius actually nodded in agreement. "I suspect you might be right. I will help you get Cyrus and Valeria out of here before I leave."

She nodded, unsure of how to speak to this man, this... whatever he was... "I'd appreciate it.

Could you... we need to return Mhairi's body to her family." Darius nodded. "I will take care of it, rest assured."

As they hefted Cyrus and Valeria up off the floor in the foyer Eden could tell even Noah was shocked by the scene. He met Eden's eyes with a hollowness she'd never seen before. She shook her head, too afraid of Darius to make a comment.

"There," Darius huffed, throwing Cyrus none too gently into the back seat with Val. "Will you two be alright from here without me?"

"Um..."

The ancient warrior jerked a hand back to the house. "I have a little cleaning up to do." He winked at her. He actually frickin' winked at her!

"Sure," Eden agreed quickly, helping Noah into the passenger seat. "I can take it from here." Gravel shot up and cracked against Cyrus' paintwork as Eden sped out of the driveway but she didn't give a rat's ass. At this point, she wasn't sure who she was more afraid of. The Tribunal.

Or Cyrus' best friend.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Recovery Time

A confident knock on the lounge door lifted the three of them out of the silent fog they had been sharing. "Come in," Cyrus commanded, jerking Eden to attention.

She sat curled up on one of the couches, Val at the other end, Cyrus sitting up at the mini-bar with a glass of untouched scotch. So much had happened in the last twenty-four hours and for once in her life Eden hadn't wanted to be alone to deal with it. Val and Cyrus may not have been the most talkative people on the planet but sitting with them in silence beat sitting alone in silence. The intrusion of two of Cyrus' security men, two Warriors of Neith, awoke her with a jolt, her brain unfuzzing and focusing on the two men who strode towards Cyrus with purpose. The older of the men reached Cyrus first, his black jeans and sweater reminding her of the garb Noah favoured.

Thinking of Noah brought on a maelstrom of angst she just didn't want to deal with at the moment.

When Eden had returned to the mansion with a barely conscious Val and Cyrus and a very groggy Noah, Emma had gushed all over her, thanking her for returning them all safely. Alain hadn't said a word to her, just helped put Cyrus and Val to their beds. When she'd stood and explained to him what had happened, he hadn't responded. Instead he'd silently put an arm around Noah and half-carried his son to his room too. Emma had tried to apologise for her husband's behaviour but Eden had waved her off. Alain blamed her for Noah getting taken in the first place. The fact that the reclusive Darius of Mesopotamia had had to be called in to save their asses hadn't gone down well with him either, although he hadn't actually looked all that surprised by what she'd told him.

Eden on the other hand was still surprised. In fact, she was pretty sure she'd never get over what Darius had done in her parent's mansion. The carnage was the kind of imagery that didn't dissolve from the memory very quickly.

The last few days she'd kind of avoided Alain, which meant in turn avoiding Noah. She'd hung around Cyrus and Val as they slowly came too. They were stronger and older than Noah, so it hadn't taken them long to get back on their feet. Cyrus refused to discuss Darius so she was stuck with the terrifying mystery that was He. Darius had contacted Cyrus to let them know the mess had been cleaned up.

Without Noah, Eden was left alone in her grief, and found it more than difficult to pick up the phone to inform the Douglas' of Mhairi's death. Tobe had dropped the phone, refusing to speak to her, and Eden had burst into real tears for the first time in a long time. What made it worse was that Tobe didn't even know the extent of Eden's failure.

For a moment... just a moment... while Teagan had delivered his ultimatum and they'd seemed so impossibly outnumbered, Eden had considered giving herself and Mhairi over if it meant saving Noah. She couldn't even begin to comprehend that. Tobe would have killed her. Luckily, although no less unsettling, Eden hadn't had to make that decision. For a few days she grappled with what it meant. Being Ankh had become the sole core of her existence. Or so she'd thought. She'd actually been willing to give up the one thing that meant the world to her, to save Noah's life. On the one hand it made her want to run in the opposite direction from him, get as far away from such messy and overwhelming feelings as possible. And yet on the other, she couldn't bear the thought of never seeing him again. Pondering the complications of life and love ( you know the little stuff) was put on hold as Cyrus brought news of everyone back in Edinburgh. Tobe still wasn't speaking to her. She and the Douglas' were trying to work their way through their grief at the moment. Cyrus and Eden had both agreed that explaining to them about how their death meant Eden's reversal of fortune wasn't the best idea, so they kept that to themselves. Eden had argued with Cyrus for keeping the information to himself in the first place. She made him promise not to ever keep something so huge from her again and was relieved by the promise - Cyrus was too honourable to break it.

As for McLeish and Mary, things were still up in the air on that one. Now that they were back in the States and the whole Teagan mess was over, Cyrus was concentrating on hunting down Cosmina Arcos before she could hunt down Eden. For him, that was the priority. He had decided leaving McLeish to deal with his sister worked two-fold. It was one less thing for The Circle to worry about and it was also a gesture of respect towards McLeish. He already seemed to view the Ankh as overbearing, arrogant, elitist authority figures (and Eden wasn't saying there wasn't some truth in that); Cyrus reckoned letting him mete out his own punishment for his sister allowed him to see the more compromising side of The Circle, and thus lessened the chances of him betraying the Ankh in the future.

Eden guessed Cyrus was onto something with that but she would never fully trust the Scotsman.

He knew too much about her for someone who looked at her as if he wanted to kill her.

"Princeps," the older Neith stopped before Cyrus with an air of authority. Eden sat up straighter as recognition dawned. Cyrus had introduced him when she'd first moved in. His name was Terrence Vincent and he was Cyrus' Head of Security. "We have news." When his eyes flickered towards her, Eden's heart picked up a little. At their return to Weston, Cyrus had begun investigating a leak. There had to be a leak. Someone had told Teagan where to find her and the only people who knew where they'd gone, lived and worked under Cyrus' roof.

Sliding from his stool with cold rigidity, Cyrus glared at Terrence. "Who?" was all he demanded.

Nodding back at the young man behind him, Terrence replied, "Jack here discovered our rat. We had two men go on vacation at the same time. Roger Pike and Dwight Carey. Jack had already questioned Carey when he discovered him in the Control Room alone when he wasn't supposed to be so I let him investigate Jack while I investigated Pike and everyone else. Tell him what you found, Jack."

Jack cleared his throat, stepping forward to speak with Cyrus. Eden was surprised when he began speaking. His eyes flitted back between her and her guardian, actually including her in the conversation, like she mattered. None of the Neith in Weston had done that so far. She studied him as he spoke, surprised by how confident he was for someone so young. He couldn't possibly be any older than twenty one. "I went to Carey's apartment and after tearing the place apart I found an address and meet time. The address was an old Warehouse in South Boston. We found Dwight's body. He bled out from a knife wound to the heart but he'd also had his soul sucked out of him."

"Teagan." Cyrus nodded, his eyes hard.

His own eyes grim, Jack nodded back. "We assume so, Princeps. Leaving the body so carelessly would suggest-"

"That it was Teagan," Eden interrupted, drawing the young Neith's eyes back to her. "My cousin never really cared about consequences. And a knife in the heart... just his style." The Neith held her eyes for a brief moment, their darkness from across the room filled with unfathomable expression that made Eden squirm a little. Finally he broke his gaze away to turn his attention back to Cyrus. "We've investigated everyone else, Princeps, but it appears Carey worked alone."

"Thank you," Cyrus replied. "You did a good job." He turned to Terrence. "I need to know if any of my men are unhappy, have personal problems, etc. I don't care how intrusive it is I need to know that our enemies cannot bribe my people using any personal difficulties as leverage. Understood." Terrance gave a sharp jerk of his head. "Perfectly."

As they left, Eden felt something inside her crumble a little. Great. Now all the Neith in Cyrus' compound were going to hate her. As if having a boyfriend whose father hated her living under the same roof with her wasn't bad enough.

***

Word had reached her that Noah was actually out of bed and the waiting around to see him was just making all the craziness she had gone through after the Teagan thing even worse. She needed to see him. She needed reassurance.

Feeling a little giddy and nervous at the prospect of meeting with him after everything, Eden decided not to take the elevator to the third floor where he and his family had rooms. Instead she took the long way around, her headphones jammed in her ear so she wouldn't have to listen to the eerie silence of the monstrosity of the house. She skipped up the back servant stairs so she wouldn't bump into Alain, singing along with Metric.

"Can you hear my heart beating like a hammer? Beeeeaatting like a hammeeer - whoa!" she stumbled at the top of the staircase, finding herself face to face with Jack. This close she could see his dark eyes were actually blue and the face he was struggling to keep expressionless was a nice one. A very nice one. He brushed a strand of silky jet hair back from his forehead before crossing his arms over his chest, blocking her way.

Eden pulled her earphones out. "Hey."

He raised an eyebrow. "You know I couldn't hear your heart beating like a hammer over your God awful singing," his warm, Bostonian voice pulled at her teasingly and Eden relaxed. Perhaps it was Jack's age or attitude towards her (not suspicious, not wary, not acting like she was going to go

'Carrie' on them at a moment's notice) but Eden felt comfortable around him in a way she didn't around Cyrus' other security guys.

"God awful?" Eden mirrored his body language, crossing her arms over her chest defiantly. "A little harsh, don't you think?"

"On the ears, yes."

"Oh haha. You're a funny guy."

Jack smirked at her. "So I've been told. But seriously... you never heard of stealth?" Eden frowned at him. "Why do I need to be stealthy in my own home? Are you guys planning a rebellion? First man to kill the half-breed gets the keys to Cyrus' Cayman S?" She was just teasing but Jack immediately grew tense and serious at her joke.

"That's not funny, Eden. Even joking about hurting you could get one of us strung up before Cyrus. We're taking your safety very seriously."

"I can take care of myself."

He ran his dark blue eyes over her in a way that made her flush inwardly. "So I've heard. Still...

don't say crap like that OK? I kind of want to be Cyrus' Head of Security one day and joking about killing his daughter is not exactly the good impression I want to make." At her mocking look he suddenly seemed to relax and shrugged. "And it would be the Aston Martin. Why go Porsche when you can go One-77."

Eden laughed. "I prefer the Porsche. I'd rather be killed for the Porsche." Jack grinned at her and stepped aside. "There you go again with the killing jokes. You're going to get me in trouble."

She breezed by his tall frame, chuckling up at him as she strode onto the third floor landing. "It's a specialty of mine or didn't you know that already?"

"What? Getting people into trouble?"

"People. Warriors. Innocents." The smile bled out of her voice as she thought about Teagan and what he had done to Tobe's family. She wasn't sure Tobe was ever going to speak to her again. Why was this guy? The Neith all knew what she had been. Who Teagan had been to her. She raised her eyes to meet Jack's unwavering gaze. "Why are you talking to me like I'm a person? You saw what my cousin did to that Carey guy. You must have heard what Teagan did to the Neith in Scotland." His eyes darkened and his expression grew tight. "I guess I just don't think a person should be judged by who their family are... or by their past."

She thought of Tobe and the Douglas'. They hadn't judged her either but after what had happened to them... she snorted unhappily. "Give it some time. Stick around me long enough and you'll change your mind."

Jack shook his head. "I doubt that."

Before Eden could reply a buzz of static broke the hushed air around them and Jack pressed a finger to the handsfree curled around his ear. He nodded. "OK, I'll be there in a minute." He sighed and turned back to her. "Duty calls."

"Anything serious?"

"Oh extremely. Dawson needs to take a piss but he can't leave the Control Room unattended." Eden laughed. "You better get a move on then."

He sighed and threw her a quick grin. "Be seeing you."

As she watched him take the stairs down two at a time, Eden shook her head, smiling at herself.

She needed to stop judging the Neith and expecting a negative response from them all. Some of them were actually OK to her. Feeling a little better about life at Cyrus' mansion, Eden turned around and headed towards Noah's suite.

Eden rapped her knuckles against the open door and smiled anxiously. "Can I come in?" Noah looked up at her in surprise, sitting on the end of his bed. She was glad to see his colour was back to normal now that the toxin had made its way out of his body. "Uh..." he glanced uneasily across his room and as Eden stepped into the room she realised why. She froze as she met the belligerent stare of Alain Valois.

Eden had stupidly assumed Alain had accompanied Emma out on a shopping trip and had thought it the best time to drop in on her... boyfriend? Was he her boyfriend still? She thought worriedly, eyeing the way his father was looking at her.

"Noah is resting, you should leave." He flicked his hand at the door.

No wonder everyone forgot Noah was seventy years old. His parents treated him like a child.

Before Eden could respond, Noah stood up. "Dad, don't speak to her like that." Alain grunted. "I'm not speaking to her in any way. You're still resting." Noah rolled his eyes. "Dad, I'm fine and I would like some time alone with my girlfriend." Girlfriend. Eden's chest eased and opened up again.

"Girlfriend?" Alain's eyes widened. "Since when?"

Oh great, so Noah hadn't even told them they'd gotten together.

"Since a while." Noah shrugged as if it was no big deal, actually seeming amused by the startled unfocused look in Alain's voice as he let his son steer him towards the doorway. Eden watched the interplay between father and son, chewing on her bottom lip, waiting for the explosion to come.

Instead Alain's shoulders sagged in defeat and he threw Eden one last angry glare before walking out of Noah's room with forced dignity. Noah shut the door and turned to smile at her.

Eden shook her head. "Your dad so hates me."

He smirked as he stopped in front of her, his hands gripping her h*ps to tug her to him. "He'll come around."

"Like Tobe has?" she huffed bitterly, the flare of pain in her chest catching her breath.

Noah sighed and rubbed her back comfortingly. "I heard about that. She'll come around, Eden.

Just give her time."

"According to you then, everyone will come around."

"My dad will... eventually."

"And if he doesn't?" she murmured, her eyes fluttering closed as he pressed a soft kiss to her lips.

The feel of him enveloped her in an excited contentedness Eden hadn't known was possible, and she leaned into him, sliding her hands up his chest and around his neck.

"Then he'll just have to deal with it."

"It just sucks-"

"Eden." Noah's hands tightened around her.

"What?"

"I've not seen you in what feels like effing forever, so you wanna stop talking about my dad while I'm trying to kiss you? It's kind of a mood killer."

Noah didn't give her a chance to lash him with the biting retort that was eager to jump off her tongue. He drew her into a kiss so deep, she felt her legs tremble; his tongue flicking playfully across hers and shooting hot sparks to all her good for nothing places.

When he let her up for air, Eden gasped against his mouth and then smiled. It suddenly occurred to her that she had forever and a lifetime to do this with him. "I knew I saved your ass for a reason." Noah frowned. "'Scuse me, I think the ass saving was done by me." Eden raised an eyebrow. "Technically I think the ass saving was done by Darius." She shivered just thinking about it and Noah gripped her closer.

"Yeah, let's not think about it..." he grimaced. "It's definitely a mood killer."

"But seriously what was that-"

His lips cut her off as they came down on hers hard, crushing hers with a desperation that had her struggling to draw breath. He pulled back, stroking his fingers down her cheek. "Your choice.

Carnage, death talk, or making out with the boyfriend who saved your butt?" With a small smile Eden drew onto the balls of her feet to reach his lips. She kissed him softly and made a happy humming noise against his mouth. "We'll talk about who saved who during intermission."

He nodded, his eyelids low, his eyes dark. "Sounds like a plan." For a while at least, here with Noah, Eden could forget the world outside Cyrus' sanctuary. But she knew, deep down in those painful, aching places, that Noah's kisses would only hold it at bay for so long.

Epilogue

Not Over

Darwin Rice gazed around the sparklingly clean and empty foyer of the Winslow Mansion. He curled his lip, still smelling the tang of blood in the air despite the cleaning products that struggled to overwhelm it. His skin tingled as his feet slapped against the echoing marble of the luxury floor. Eyes narrowing on a little black item on the floor, he sighed, frustrated, as he bent down to pick it up.

The tracking device they'd put inside Teagan.

There had clearly been a massacre here and the little son-of-a-bitch who had promised him Cyrus and Darius was dead. Standing back up, Darwin met his colleague's gaze and shook his head.

"Unfortunately, not our time, Peter."

Peter nodded, looking as grim as Darwin felt. "The rest of the Tribunal wish to cease our attempts to destroy Cyrus. They see this as the first of many new failures in that direction." Darwin tried to stem the rage that pronouncement fed into his veins. For years Cyrus and his people had hunted theirs even as the Tribunal sought to enforce the laws. They weren't killing people, for Christ sakes. So they took a little soul here and there; it wasn't if the race of man weren't capable of evil all on their own. When Teagan Winslow had opened this door to kicking a hole in the gut of The Circle, a hole that would not heal, Darwin had let himself get caught in the beauty of the promise. Take away Cyrus and Darius, and the Ankh have nothing. The Neith would take control.

The Neith who were so much easier to kill.

He pulled out the photocopy of the old journal Teagan had given him. In it was the key to destroying Cyrus and that little bitch he'd adopted. He looked up from it, searching Peter's eyes.

Darwin wasn't surprised to see the same spark, the same need he felt within. Peter was his best friend because they were the only two on the Tribunal who ever sat on the same page no matter the situation. "Then we act without them."

Peter nodded gravely. "That could have its consequences."

"Not if we bring them Cyrus and Darius' heads."

THE END

