Chapter 1

The rain pours down like needles against my skin. The sky booms, lightning bolts flash sliver across the cloudy sky. The vampires are screaming, begging me to stop. But I can't. This is what I'm meant to do.

I pursue them-running down the vacant streets, weaving through rusty cars, my boots kicking up the glass and mud on the road. The vampire I target, a tall one with fleshless skin and bloodless eyes, scurries around a burning barrel and jumps onto the steps that lead to a building of shiny steel. It bolts for the doors, its bare feet shedding skin. Clutching the stake, I charge after it and with a swift launch off the bottom step, I'm airborne, soaring through the darkness. My boot catches against the railing, and just as quick as I caught up to the monster, it vanishes inside the building.

"Dammit!" I crash to the muddy ground, skinning my hands on rocks. I let out a frustrated scream. With each passing day, my strength and fighting skills slip away from me.

"If you'd just take the medicine, then that vampire would be dead by now." Sylas creeps from the shadows of the cars, dressed head-to-toe in black. His dark eyes light up like coals against the fires burning in the streets. His hands are stuffed in his pockets and his dark hair brushes across his forehead. "Your mortality is your weakness, Kayla."

Pushing to my feet, I scowl at him. "I've told you, I'm not going to do that... yet. I'm not sure if I want to."

He backs me against the railing and traps me between his arms. "I think you want to, you're just holding back because of a certain someone."

"You mean Aiden." I straighten my shoulders, confident and strong, and look him straight in the eye. "I'm not going to change until I know what I'm supposed to do."

"Always following Monarch's orders." He coils a strand of my long, black hair around his finger. "I thought after everything you've learned, you'd have given up on him by now."

"I've learned nothing." It takes a lot, but I shove him back. "Emmy's gotten nowhere with my memories."

He lets out a low laugh and touches his chest where I shoved him. "Always so feisty."

A shriek pierces the air and our gazes dart to the street. The vampires are crying out in hungry, needing to feed.

"Shouldn't you be hiding out with the rest of the Day Takers?" I flip the stake in my hand and slide it in the back pocket of my jeans. "Or do you have a death wish?"

He winks at me and backs toward the road. "I was just seeing if you'd made any progress with the whole slaying thing." His dark eyes wander to the top of the stairs where I lost the vampire. "Looks like I owe Emmy a shot of amortire."

Amortire is the Day Taker's "special" medicine. It's a numbing solution they take to block out their cravings, but honestly I think they use it more for recreational purposes than anything-just like they do with most things.

"You were placing bets on me." I stomp after him, past the fires, and dip into the shadows of the cars.

"Hey." He grins through the night, his long legs stretching as he steps gracefully over the dented hood of a small car. "I was betting you'd be kicking ass."

"Sorry to disappoint you." I hop over the hood of a car and slip clumsily onto the ground.

"Take the medicine, Kayla," he calls out, barely a silhouette anymore. The rain lets up, and the sky calms down. "You'll never be able to pull anything off if you don't."

I stop in the center of the street, listening to the vampires shrieks rattle against the building's walls as they hide from me-the one and only person they want nothing to do with.

It hasn't been that long since I left Aiden and the others, but it feels like an eternity. I don't regret my decision to leave. Not yet, anyway. If it turns out Emmy can't extract my memories, then I might be kicking my own butt.

I sigh and head down the street. I can't see Sylas anymore, but I don't care. I know where I'm going; to a place where I feel just as uncomfortable as I did in The Colony.

I take my time lollygagging along the curb of the street, my boots grazing against the broken pieces of concrete. My hand moves for my knife as I spot a vampire crawling from the shadows, fangs drooling, its skinless fingers clawing at the sidewalk. I pause and take a step back, knocking my hip into a bumper.

"What on earth?" I squint through the dark at two outlines of pale white figures with feathery white hair and flawless skin.

Highers.

Chapter 2

I stand in the middle of the street blinking my eyes over and over again, but the Highers stay. Their pale figures are blinding against the blackness of night. Sharp howls of the vampires' cries shake the city as they flee for their lives.

But why? Because of the Highers?

The Highers follow after a vampire, exchanging words with each other. I can't hear what they're saying. But I want to. I inch forward, ducking low toward the ground, and strain to listen. They look like they're searching for something-or someone. The taller Higher steps beneath the glow of the fires always burning in the streets and his pale eyes are recognizable.

"Gabrielle," I breathe.

Gabrielle snatches the vampire by the neck and raises it up to him. The vampire's legs flail as it struggles to escape. Fangs ascend from Gabrielle's lips and he tips his head back, his body trembling with desire. His head snaps down and he sinks teeth into the vampire's decaying flesh. There's a burning hunger in Gabrielle's pale eyes, one he's desperate to get rid of.

His shoulders jerk with each swallow of blood. The vampire's body twitches and its nails thrash. Gabrielle drinks until the vampire is emptied of blood, and then drops the lifeless body to the ground as if it is discarded trash. I stifle a choking sound. Gabrielle's eyes rise through the darkness.

A cold hand slaps across my mouth and I'm lifted up and carried backward. I wrestle to get free as I watch the Highers slip from my view. Slamming my head back, I try to break away, but they tighten their hold. They drag me down a dark alley, and tuck us into a vacant building that is filled with cracked tables and broken chairs, the leather seats having been torn by fangs.

"Sylas," I huff as he lets me go. I take out the stake, even though I have no intention of using it on him. "What's the matter with you?"

He shakes his head with anger burning in his eyes. "What's the matter with me? You're the one standing out in the middle of the street."

My gaze wanders to the splintered window. "Why are the Higher's out there? I've never seen them leave The Colony. And they were feeding on a vampire with their fangs. I didn't even know they had them."

His forehead creases, eyebrows scrunching together. "Neither did I."

We exchange confused looks, and then peer over the windowsill out into the street. The fires cast a bright orange glow and there are no vampires-the Highers have vanished.

"What were they doing out there?" I muttered. "They're breaking their own rules."

Rule #1-Never go out after dark.

"Those rules weren't set for them." Sylas meets my eyes, and like most times when he looks at me, my body squirms with uneasiness. Sylas is a mystery to me; he's the one person who I can't sense fear from. That's because Sylas can manipulate feelings.

"I know." I hop onto a table, letting my legs dangle over the edge. "But how can they be out at night-how can they even be walking with the vampires?"

Sylas strolls toward me, places his hands on the table, and his knuckles brush my hips. Arching an eyebrow, he leans in. "Why can you walk with them?"

I lean back, not wanting to get tugged into how he's trying to make me feel. But it's hard not to. "Because I'm an experiment. That's how Monarch wanted me to be."

"And who says the Highers aren't experiments?" He questions in a low voice. "I mean, does anyone really know what they are?"

I think of the photos in the book Aiden and I flipped through. It had pictures of perfect creatures that looked similar to the Highers, but without the white eyes and hair. "From what I just saw, they look like they might be part vamp."

"Hmmm..." Sylas taps his lips. "That's a good observation."

I point the stake at his chest and he grins. "Are you holding back information from me?"

He inches closer so the point of the stake is jabbing him in the chest. "I told you, I don't lie." It's the most aggravating thing, not knowing what he's feeling. He rubs his lips together, tilting his head down, and moves his lips for mine. "But just to be sure..."

He's trying to use my gift against me. The closer I get to someone, the more I feel their honesty and whether they're lying. But with Sylas, it conflicts with his gift of controlling emotion.

Before he can seal the deal with a kiss, I scoot my knee up, and press my boot against his stomach, pushing him back. "Don't bother. My little lying gift doesn't really work well with you."

His red lips creep upward and stepping back, he shrugs. "I was just trying to help you."

"Sure you were." I climb off the table, trying to hold my legs steady even though they're shaking from the thought of kissing him. "We should get back to the hideout. If the Highers are out and about, no one's safe."

I start for the door, but he wraps his fingers around my elbow. "Don't go out front. The Highers might still be out there."

I halt and for the briefest second, I actually consider going out and announcing my presence to the Highers. What would they do if I did? But it's my human state that stops me. I allow Sylas to guide me to the back of the building where we climb out of a small hole in the bottom of the brick wall. Rolling into the alleyway, we get to our feet and dust the dirt off our clothes. Then we climb up a ladder that slants to the flat roof. The next part I hate. I really do.

Sylas turns his back to me. "Jump on."

I frown and grudgingly hop onto his back. He loops his arms underneath my knees and then steps to the ledge, peering down at the hard concrete four stories down.

"Better hang on tight," he warns with a hint of laughter in his voice. "If you fall, there's no saving you."

I clasp my hands around his neck. He takes a few steps back and then sprints forward, springing off the ledge and flying through the air just like I used to do before humanity began to take me over. He lands on his toes and I barely feel the hit.

Quickly, I squirm off his back and experience a momentary case of vertigo.

"Gonna make it there?" His eyes scan me over.

My skin heats and I know he's playing his little emotion tricks. "Knock that off, Sylas." I march past him with my chin up, shaking off the intensity that tries to yank me back toward him.

He laughs softly and trails behind me. I lie flat on my stomach and shimmy through a narrow gap in the ground. Rolling over onto the metal walkway, I jump to my feet and smack my head on a low pipe. Rubbing the wound, I pick a stray piece of ash from my hair.

He slides inside and cleans ash out of his dark hair. "Take the medicine Kayla." He struts by me, intentionally brushing his shoulder against mine. "You're never going to make it if you don't."

I can feel the welt forming on my head. I stay quiet and follow him down the hall, to the main room where everyone's strewn around tables, tipped-over crates, and chairs. The Day Takers hide here during the night. The building is old, the red brick walls chipped apart. Lanterns dangle from the low ceiling and dirt and garbage litter the floor.

He leaves me in the archway and I lean against the wall, watching him stroll up to Emmy and massage her shoulders. Emmy tips her head back, her red hair dipping lower on her back, and she gives Sylas a quick kiss on the cheek. Sylas' gaze wanders to me and there's a smirk in his eyes because I'm standing alone, the outcast, and it only adds to his point of me changing into a Day Taker.

Holding my chin high, I walk across the room. The other Day Takers watch me with inquiring looks. There are eight of them total, including Bernard. He's still upset with me for beating him unconscious with a pipe and he refuses to talk to me.

I tap Sylas on the shoulder. "We're not done for the night. I still need to have my memory session."

Emmy smiles, her black eyes lighting up. "Kayla," she purrs. "Kill a lot of vampires tonight?"

A devious look spreads across Sylas' face. "Not even close." He traces a finger across my cheek and down my neck. "She needs to be one of us or she's never going to get anywhere."

I narrow my eyes at him and then turn to Emmy. "Are you ready to go inside my mind?"

Emmy grins and presses her lips together. "Always Kayla." Then she saunters for the doorway, her black dress trailing on the ground.

I follow her and so does Sylas. "You don't have to come with me," I tell him. "I can handle this on my own."

He knocks me with a spurt of calmness. "You know you want me to come with you." His boots thud behind me and there's laughter in his voice. "Even if you won't admit it."

I sigh and keep my mouth shut.

Emmy takes us down the hall. We pass door after door until we reach the very last one. She pushes it open, the bottom scratching against the concrete floor. The room is small with brick walls and a dirt-stained floor. In the center is a tattered leather chair. I climb in and recline backward, staring up at the ceiling that I've come to be very familiar with over the last few days.

Emmy appears over me, her blood-red hair a curtain around our faces. "Do you want us to strap your hands down?"

Raising my arms, I glance over the red lines healing from the last mind-dipping experience and rub my thumb across my wrist where the faint black numbers mark my skin. "I'm fine," I say, thinking of Aiden and his scar-his freedom.

Sylas shakes his head disapprovingly. "You're making a mistake." He elbows Emmy out of the way and his lips touch my ear. "You're letting my brother get into your head, Kayla. Or should I say Juniper-I know how much you like the name."

Hearing my nickname, I push him back and look in his eyes. "Don't ever call me that." That name feels wrong coming off anyone's lips except Aiden's.

He shrugs and takes a step back. "Whatever. Do what you want."

Emmy barricades herself between us. "Are you ready?"

I shut my eyes and inhale. "I'm ready." My eyes snap open as she shifts her weight above me.

"And remember, Kayla," she whispers. "Don't blink."

And I don't, picturing the blood-red door as I slip into a state of unconsciousness.

Chapter 3

The blood red door is sealed shut and I'm standing on the outside. From the ceiling, water trickles in my hair. I glance over my shoulder down the long, narrow hall. It's empty, but a hum of voices flow from the distance. I hurry for the door, but it's locked. Gripping my hand tightly around the doorknob, I snap it apart and shove the door open.

The stench immediately overwhelms me. I hold my breath and enter, one foot in front of the other, forcing myself to go inside. Chains hang from the concrete walls and blood stains the ceiling and floor. Someone screams in pain and I move toward the sound, my feet colliding with the chains.

Another scream and I pick up my pace, weaving to the back room. Carefully, I crack the door open.

My stomach drops. "Aiden."

He's strapped to a metal bed, his eyes shut, his skin drained of color. He's younger and shorter than when I last saw him, but his dark hair and honey eyes are the same.

"Kayla," Monarch snaps and he wheels around with a needle in his hand. "Get out of here!"

Taggart is hunched over in the corner, his head tipped down in shame, as he lines up tools on a metal tray.

"You're hurting him!" I cry, rushing for Aiden. Feelings pour through me-ones I've never felt before-and I don't know what to do with them.

Aiden shakes his head and his voice is strained. "Juniper, get out. I don't want you to see this."

Monarch's arms crash around me and he's stronger than I remember. His white coat reeks of death and is marked with blood.

"Let go of me!" I shove the man who was once like a father to me. "Stop this! You're hurting him!" My eyes widen at Aiden's tattered skin, his sunken eyes, his lifeless pulse.

"Kayla!" Monarch's voice is sharp, his crows' feet multiplying as he fires a glare at me. "You have to leave now! You're messing this up!"

I lift my arm over his and fight to get to Aiden. "I have to save him. You're going to kill him!"

He shakes his head. "You can't save him. You have to save the world."

"I have to save him." I knock a tray over and sharp needles and tools spill to the concrete floor.

Monarch's dark grey eyes lock with mine and he pins me back by the shoulders. "He can't be saved, Kayla. He's a lost cause. He's going to die, unless his mind changes."

Blood rains from the ceiling, coating my skin. I reach for Aiden, but it's too late. He vanishes in the blood.

"No!" I scream, thrusting my body.

Sylas pins me down by the shoulders. "Breathe." The look of concern on his face worries me.

"Let me go!" My chest heaves with every exhale. "Let go." My blood is sweltering like fire. Sweat drips down my forehead and my hair is stuck to the back of my neck.

Sylas turns my head and examines my face. "Well, that was a stupid idea."

I touch my cheek and stare at my hands, realizing its blood, not sweat, on my skin. "How bad is it?" I whisper.

He shrugs. "A minor wound. Nothing major."

I break through the surface of his gift and pick up on his lie. "You're lying." I wipe my forehead with the sleeve of my long-sleeved grey shirt. Blood.

"No, I'm not," he says. "It's just a wound and you're not going to die from it. In fact, it would already be healing if you were a Day Taker."

"I don't care. I can deal with blood." I sit up, but he doesn't move back, so I end up with my cheek against his face. He smells me, which is a weird little thing he does whenever blood is on me.

"Don't even think about it." I run my hand through my hair and blood soaks my skin. "What the hell did I do to myself this time?"

"You tried to rip your hair out," Emmy answers, running her thin fingers along the back of my scalp. My blood drips from her skin and she inhales deeply.

"You two need to back off a little." I scoot to my feet, ignoring the sway of the room. "I'm not something you can eat."

Sylas clasps my shoulder. "Where are you going?"

"To bed." I choke, thinking of Aiden and how Monarch said he was going to die. But when? Soon? And what did he mean he'll die unless his mind changes? "I'm tired. It's been a long night and I just want to sleep."

Sylas shoves me roughly. "What did you see?"

"Sylas, knock it off." I push him back, but he doesn't budge.

He whirls me and snakes his arms around my waist, trapping my arms to my side. "Emmy, give us a minute would you?"

Emmy exits the room with a skip in her walk and shuts the door behind her.

"I'm not lying," I tell him with a stable voice. "I didn't see anything."

He sweeps my hair to the side and whispers in my ear, "I know you're lying. I can feel it through your racing pulse."

Another weakness of turning human. "You're right. I am lying. But I didn't see anything that has meaning to it. It was just another pointless memory, like everything else we've dug up. A bunch of pieces that don't connect."

"Kayla." Sylas' breath tickles my skin and my heart flutters. "Just tell me what you saw. You can tell me anything."

I don't know why I just don't confess. I could blame it on my distrust for him, but that's not the reason. Without saying another word, I bend under his arms and hurry out of the room, kicking up dirt with my boots.

"Kayla," Emmy calls out from the end of the hall.

I let her voice echo against my back and pick up my pace.

Sylas walks after me, taking lazy steps. "One day, you'll get over it and fess up. Lying gets you nowhere. Just ask my brother."

"There's nothing for me to fess up to, Sylas." I leave him behind and climb up the spiral stairway to the next floor. I slip into the room and gently shut the door. No one ever comes up here because no one ever sleeps. I flop down on the old mattress and think of Aiden. I turn restlessly, tuck my hands under my head and then pull them away. I can't sleep, which used to be fine before I turned human. But now it nearly kills me if I don't get daily rest. But I have to know. Not just about Aiden's death, but about Monarch. What is my purpose? Why did he create me so I could walk with the vampires? To kill them all, or turn them back to humans?

I roll out of bed and tiptoe to the door. The lanterns are out and the hall is dense with night. I inch out and check left and right. No one's around and I sneak up the final flight of stairs. At the top is a room the Day Takers hide medicine in. I know they have minte stashed inside because I saw it once. But Sylas refuses to let me use it. He doesn't have a reason, just like he doesn't have a reason for a lot of things he does and doesn't do.

The door is locked and I try to bust the knob. But my strength's lacking. Clasping the doorknob, I thrust my shoulder into the door. The metal collides against my skin and I feel a bruise forming. I give it another slam, harder this time, and my bones ache. Backing away, I eye the door, knowing what I'm about to do is going to hurt like hell. With a deep breath, I sprint forward and fling my entire body into the door. The trimming snaps apart and splinters to the ground. My shoulder jolts upward, striking me in the cheek. I bite the inside of my mouth and the bitter taste of rust and salt floods my taste buds. I spit, wipe the blood from my lips, and kick the door open.

The room is the size of a closet. The walls are lined with shelves that have vials of medicine perched in stands. I rummage through the dark until I spot a cluster of clear ones on the top shelf. Planting my shoes on the bottom shelf, I reach up and grab a vial and a syringe. Then I quickly slip out of the storage area. The door's condition is hopeless-they're going to know someone's been inside. But I'll worry about that when the time comes.

I hurry down the stairs, into my room, and prop a metal shelf against the door so no one can get in while I'm under. I shuffle over to the mattress and lie flat on my back. There's a huge yellowish-brown stain on the ceiling. It's the last thing I see when I sink the minte into my arm. My eyes roll into the back of my head as I'm dragged under, picturing only Aiden and his death.

***

"I don't understand." I stand in the middle of the hospital wing while Monarch digs in his medicine cabinet. "Why are you doing this?"

Monarch shakes his head and faces me. "Kayla, you're letting your emotions get in the way again... too many questions. Always too many questions. You need to stop asking them. And you need to stop feeling so much."

"But you said Aiden was going to die-that he was a lost cause." I step in front of him, tilting my head to meet his eyes. "How can I not ask questions about that?"

"You're never supposed to ask questions." He sighs. "You can't ask them until the time's right."

"And when will that be?"

He brushes by and heads to a hospital bed where an unconscious Colony member lies with a beeping monitor hooked up to them. "Kayla, I said that's enough."

I catch his arm, stunning him. "Tell me why Aiden's going to die."

His voice trembles, "Because I messed up when I created him. I really did. And unless he changes his mind about his existence, he won't survive."

"When does he die?" I choke. My hand and heart are shaking in rhythm. "When will he die?"

He swallows hard. "Soon, unless you change his mind about life and death."

I want to cry. I want to scream. I'm feeling things I never thought were possible. My jaw's hanging open, my brown eyes are wide. "I'll change his mind then. I won't let him die." I head for the door, but he hurries in front of me.

"Not today, Kayla. That project is on hold." Monarch's worry shifts to sympathy. "I'm sorry Kayla. But to save the world, sacrifices have to be made. The world must come first." Then he moves a needle for my arm. "But one day you might get your chance."

I fling my hand at him, but he seizes it, his finger sinking into my skin with an alarming amount of strength.

"I'm sorry," he apologizes and the needle immerses into my forearm.

The medicine burns my veins, my body, every part of me. But all I can think about is Aiden dying.

Chapter 4

"Kayla," someone whispers. "Kayla, wake up."

My muscles spasms as I start to revive. My body feels like I've taken a beating from a vampire and my heart is about to pound out of my chest.

"Damn it, Kayla," Sylas all but growls. "I can't believe you did this."

I'm not sure how to react to the panic in his tone, but I summon enough strength to push my eyelids open. His dark eyes are on me, the light of a lantern making them smolder like embers. His hands are tucked under my neck, supporting my head. He doesn't say anything; he just helps me sit up. I'm shaking uncontrollably and I don't know what to do.

"Calm down," Sylas says. He gently releases my neck, takes my hand in his, and turns it over. Scratches ooze blood. "That was a really smart thing to do," he says sarcastically.

I remove my hand from his. "I just wanted to see what's going on. I need to know what I'm doing. It's driving me crazy."

His gaze penetrates into my heart and under my skin. "That's not what you were doing. There's something you're hiding from me." He leans onto his elbows and hovers over me. "If you'd just tell me, then maybe I could help."

I press my lips together and smear my bloody hand on the side of my jeans, wincing from the sting. "I think... I think Aiden might be in trouble."

"In trouble?" he questions. "Because there are tons of ways I can think of, starting with the fact that he's human."

"I think he might be dying." The truth fumbles from my lips.

Sylas stares as me, surprised and unsure. "Of course he's dying," he says, all of the emotion erasing from his face. "He's human and all humans die someday."

"That's not what I mean." I stand, ignoring the dizziness and the acceleration of my pulse.

He pushes to his feet, standing close, invading my personal space-which is his favorite thing to do. "Then what do you mean, Kayla. I'm not a mind reader, so you'll have to just spit it out."

"What I saw... Monarch said he messed Aiden up." I suck in a breath at the sting in my heart. "And that he's going to die because of it. Unless I change his mind."

"Messed him up how?" He wonders, unaffected.

I shrug, shaking my head. "He didn't clarify the details."

"Of course he didn't." Sylas flex's his hand. "He never does. But that's why he's been able to keep the secrets to saving the world hidden for so long."

"But what do I need to change his mind about?" I ask. "What could I possibly say that could save him?"

He waits impatiently for me to catch on. "It's not your words that will save him. It's what your words convince him to do."

I frown, disheartened. "I have to convince him to become a Day Taker."

He runs his fingers through his hair, fascinated by my answer. "If that's what you think will save him."

"I don't know what will save him. I don't know how to save anyone." I take a step back, putting some space between us. "So what do we do now? We've got Highers running the streets and my memories are only adding more questions and problems to fix."

"We keep digging into your mind," he answers simply. "We need to find out exactly what Monarch is planning. Why he created us. And how we're supposed to save the world when it's already dead. I mean, what is there to save?"

"But what about Aiden? I think I need to save him too."

"Why?" Sylas arches his eyebrow. "You want to go on a saving crusade? Let your human instincts get the best of you?" He pauses. "You're going to have to make the decision: save Aiden, or save the world. And if saving Aiden means getting him to turn, I think it's a pointless crusade." He walks out, the door swaying against the breeze of his rapid exit.

I'm beginning to learn it is difficult making decisions. Not wanting to decide yet, I take out a bottle of water from the rotted cabinet beside the bed. The bottle is old and rusted and the water smells stale, but it works. I tilt my head down and drape my hair over. Then I twist off the cap and pour a stream of water across my neck and hair. The water drips down my forehead and to the floor, pooling red around my boots. It feels good to clean the blood off, but the open wounds will take time to heal.

I sigh, part of me missing the medicine Monarch used to heal injuries in an instant. I close the bottle and put it back in the cupboard. I ring my hair out, flop down on the mattress, and wince from the pain burning on the back of my head. I slide my hand between the mattress and the wall. My fingers fumble around until they graze against my backpack. Inside it is the vial that can change me into a Day Taker. And Monarch's gold pocket watch. I pull the watch out-his so-called key to the answers. But no matter what I do with it, it remains an inoperative watch.

"What do you want me to do with this?" I whisper to the night, tracing the circular symbol on the back. The answer I get isn't what I want. A scream, sharp and growing louder as it ricochets up the hall. I leap up, trip over my feet, and ungracefully slam into the concrete. The watch slips from my fingers and crushes against the ground with a clank. My breath catches as the glass shatters. I scramble to my feet and pick up the watch. Thankfully, besides the shattered glass, it's still intact.

I slip the watch into my pocket and tiptoe for the door, but a tall figure zips in my room and slams me flat on my back, knocking the wind out of me. Stunned, I blink up at him as he pins my wrists down above my head. Blue eyes stare blankly at me. Eyes I've seen before, but thought I'd never see again.

"Tristan?" I start to relax, until I sense what he's feeling. It's the most venomous emotion I've ever felt.

Murder. Tristan wants to kill me.

Chapter 5

The sweet guy I knew from The Colony no longer exists. Instead, a murderous monster is inside, his eyes hollow, his expression numb and uncaring. He holds all the characteristics of the Higher, except for their pale hair and eyes.

"Tristan!" I cry out as his hands snake around my neck. "Stop! This isn't you!"

His jaw drops and his grip slightly loosens. "How do you know me?"

"I know you from The Colony," I choke. "You used to know me before I got chosen for The Gathering."

He eyes me suspiciously and forces his weight down, crushing my body. "I don't remember you... You're trying to get in my head and confuse me, just like they said you would."

"No, they lie. I know you and you know me." I dig my nails into the backs of his hands until I draw blood.

He jerks back, releasing some of his weight, and stares flabbergasted at the scratches on his hands. "What are you? A vampire?"

"No, I'm not a vampire." I rise up onto my elbows. "What are you doing out here?"

"I'm not sure..." He opens his mouth and his lips tremor. "But I think I need to-"

Before he can show me what he needs, I jerk my leg up and knee him between the legs. He lets out a groan and his shoulders crumple forward. Taking advantage of his vulnerability, I kick him again. He slaps me across the face. My jaw pops and my ears ring. Tristan has gotten strong, like I used to be.

"What happened to you?" I moan, hating the sound of my feeble voice.

He strikes me again and blood pools in my mouth. Another slap and then something crashes into the back of him. Sylas and Tristan tumble over me. Tristan takes a swing at Sylas, but Sylas quickly zips to the side and dodges the impact.

I scramble to my feet and hunt for my knife. "Where is it..." I realize I left it downstairs.

Sylas laughs until Tristan actually hits him across the jaw. Sylas' eyes darken and his teeth snap out. With a swift dip of his head, he plunges his fangs into Tristan's neck. Tristan screams while Sylas sinks his teeth deeper. Tristan's eyes roll into the back of his head and his eyelids flutter shut.

Sylas moves back and wipes his blood-stained lips with the sleeve of his shirt. "Is he a friend of yours?"

"He's from The Colony." I lean over Tristan. "You didn't kill him, did you?"

He gets a devious look and walks behind me. "Would it upset you if I did?" He sweeps my hair to the side and my head rolls back as a blanket of warmth caresses my skin. "Tell me Kayla, is he one of your admirers?"

"No..." I scoot forward, distancing us. "And would you stop messing around with my emotions." I bend over Tristan and study his state. "He shouldn't be here. He's just a Colony member."

Sylas crouches beside me. "He's not a Bellator then?"

I shake my head slowly and pat Tristan pockets, checking for weapons. "At least not when I left The Colony he wasn't. But he's different now-stronger and angrier."

"Sounds like an improvement if you ask me."

I glare at him and he returns it with a grin.

He scratches his head. "What are the Highers up to?"

I hear a rustle and spin with my fists out. "Are there others here?"

Shaking his head, Sylas stands. "Not that I know of. The only reason I came up here was to check on you."

I stare at the dark, empty hall. "So it's only him... that doesn't make any sense."

Sylas glances over his shoulder to the hallway. "He seemed to be looking for you."

"Yeah, but again, why? I mean, after I left The Gathering, he should have forgotten about me. And he didn't act like he knew who I was." I pause. "And how did he even get in here?"

Sylas' thinking face forms, his eyebrows dipping as he nibbles at his bottom lip. "He must have followed us in here."

"But I would have noticed-I would have heard his heart." But I can't hear his heart now. "Did you really kill him? Or is he just missing a heartbeat."

Sylas folds his arms and taps his lips. "I don't think I killed him. In fact, I'm about ninety percent sure I didn't." He takes note of Tristan's pale state and the blood streaming down his neck. "Well, maybe eighty percent."

I rub my temples. "How do we know for sure if he's alive or not?"

Sylas looms over him and inhales. "He's good."

"Are you one-hundred percent sure this time?"

He presses back a smirk. "Maybe ninety-nine."

"What do we do with him?" I search the dark room for a solution and come to a stop by the window. The streets are smothered with night and the fires flame in front of the buildings. The Highers were out tonight and then Tristan shows up-it can't be just a coincidence.

"We could chain him to a wall," Sylas suggests, resting his arms on the windowsill and peering down at the sparkling city. "That always seems to work."

I frown, remembering the multiple times I've been chained to the wall. "I don't know..."

"What's a matter, Kayla?" Sylas teases and nudges me with his shoulder. "Do you feel sorry for him?"

I take in Tristan's features, his cropped blonde hair, and the blue eyes that are hidden below his eyelids. "I'm not sure what I feel for him-I never have."

"Then I'll make the decision for you." Sylas picks up Tristan and throws him over his shoulder with intentional roughness. Tristan's head thumps heavily against Sylas' shoulder.

"Are you sure you don't remember him from The Colony?" I ask suspiciously.

Sylas' dark eyes linger on me. "I left The Colony a few years ago, and can barely remember anyone. Why does it matter anyway?"

"Because, if you knew him, you'd know he's not a bad person," I explain and Sylas raises his eyebrows, his gaze settling on my cheek. My fingers trace the tender spot where Tristan slapped me. "Well, he used to be a nice person... a little brainwashed, but nice enough."

"And you used to be inhumanly strong, but now look at you."

I tip my head at Tristan's upside down face. "Yeah, but Tristan was so... "

"So what?" Sylas shifts Tristan's weight. "Perfect, right? Just like every other Colony member. So here's a thought to sit on. What defines perfect? If everyone's the same then how can someone be considered perfect when there's no imperfection to compare them to?"

"That's deep," I say. "Did you come up with on your own? Or are you basing it on a memory you won't share with me?"

"You already knew the Highers seek perfection. You've lived in The Colony. But that little knowledge I came up with all on my own."

I sweep my bangs out of my face. "Sylas, I think Tristan was going to bite me. Does that mean he's a Day Taker?"

Sylas shakes his head and glances at Tristan. "He doesn't feel the same as a Day Taker, but I don't think he's human either, so we better get him chained up."

We leave the room. Unexpectedly, Sylas heads for the roof. He weaves up the staircase and pushes out the steel door.

Ash rains down from the sky and I shield my eyes. "You're locking him up on the roof?"

"It's as good as place as any." He drops Tristan on the ground and disappears around a domed skylight where he drags out a set of heavy chains. "Besides, it's harder for anyone to hear him screaming from all the way up here."

"You're not going to torture him, Sylas." I stand between the two of them. "I won't let you."

"I'm not going to torture him." He pushes me aside and winds the chains around Tristan's wrists. "As long as he cooperates. But I don't want the others knowing he's here." He clips the chains together with a solid lock and the chains draw together, pinning Tristan's arms tight. "You should know better than anyone that they don't welcome strangers."

I stare him down, desperate to feel if he's lying. Sylas is the exception to my gift; he's a rock hard barrier that's difficult to penetrate.

"I don't know how many times I have to tell you, Kayla," Sylas dusts the dirt from his hands. "I don't lie. That's my brother's thing."

My heart races as I think of Aiden and his death. "How long do you think Tristan will be out?"

"Depends on if he's human or not, I guess," Sylas says with a half-hearted shrug. "If he's not human, he should be up soon." A shadow masks his face. "Seeing how he'd be stronger."

"Stronger than what?" Tristan's weary voice startles us.

Instinctively, we reel. Sylas steps in front of me, blocking me from Tristan's reach. It's an overly protective gesture that perplexes me to no end. Just when I think I've gotten him figured out, he does something that completely contradicts his normal character. But being me, I sidestep him to fully see Tristan. I'm not afraid of him, but I don't think I'll be running up and giving him a hug either.

Sylas' eyes flash with annoyance and the desire to devour. "You tell us." He crouches down in Tristan's face. "Why are you here? And what are you?"

Tristan glances at me helplessly. "I don't know. I-I can't remember."

"Nice try." Sylas snaps out his teeth, which are sharp enough to kill a human if used the right way. "Now, I'm only going to ask you one more time. Why are you here? And what are you?"

Tristan's blue eyes bulge wide and he clumsily scoots back, lagging the chains, and presses his back against the skylight. "What are you? Some kind of vampire?"

Sylas crawls on his hands and knees toward Tristan, his teeth pointing out and beaming in the glow the fires cast across the night sky. It's his predator state and I know from experience that if pushed hard enough, he will lose control.

"You're not in any state to ask questions," Sylas growls. "Only answer them."

Tears flood Tristan's cheeks. "I don't know what to do."

Deciding to intervene, I move between them and bend down to Tristan's eyelevel. "You don't remember me at all?" I ask. "You used to know me-I used to live at The Colony. My name's Kayla."

"Kayla... from The Colony." He tries to recollect, but his eyes are uncomprehending. "What's your last name?"

"I don't have one," I say. "But some people call me Juniper."

He shakes his head and sobs. "I don't know you. Please, just let me go."

I sigh and tug Sylas toward the door. "I think we might need Emmy's help with this."

He grins wickedly and rubs his hands together. "I love it when you're ruthless."

"I'm not ruthless," I protest. "I just want answers, especially if he came here looking for me."

"Yeah, but why not suggest the minte?" His grin broadens. He moves his lips to my ear, his broad chest pushing against my shoulder. "Face it Kayla, you're just as cold-hearted as the rest of us."

I don't deny it. "Just go get Emmy."

Sylas shrugs and ducks through the door. Once he's gone, I turn to Tristan. He looks the same on the outside, but on the inside there's emptiness. Was this what I looked like right after The Gathering? Is this what I look like now?

"You're not one of them," he says, eyeing me over. "You're different."

"I'm not one of who?" I try to break through whatever it is he's hiding.

"Those things in there." He nods his head at the roof door. "Those half-breeds."

"You know about the half-breeds?" In a few strides, I close the gap between us. But I still keep enough space that the chains won't allow him to reach me.

His heart is as still as a statue. "They're abominations, you know. They're not supposed to exist." He pauses, his dark gaze making me squirm. "Like you. You were supposed to be dead."

"And what are you?" I challenge. "What did the Highers do to you when I left? Did they... Did Monarch turn you into something?"

His blue eyes darken and blend in with the night. He skulks, lazy movements, towing the chains with him. "I'm what they need me to be for the time being. I'm the one they sent to kill you. After they found out you were alive, they had to find a way for you to die." His voice lowers. "You shouldn't have been out in the streets. Monarch taught you to be better than that."

My jaw falls and everything moves quickly, rushes of images that are barely comprehendible. Tristan lunges for me, a loud snap, and then his hands are around my neck.

"Tristan," I choke, shoving my hands against his chest. "Stop it!"

He only squeezes tighter. "You have to die, Kayla. You just have to."

"The world's life is in your hands," Monarch's voice whispers in my head. "You can't die! Fight!"

Staring into Tristan's eyes is like looking into a Highers' eyes. Slanting my head back, I suck a small breath through my nose and thrust my head into Tristan's face. The sound of the impact is like bricks being smashed against a wall. His eyes roll back into his head and his hands slip from my neck.

Spots tickle my vision and I stagger from left to right. Tristan collapses to the ground, moaning in agony. My legs tremble to fall, the sky spins with such force that the smoke dances and twirls, and my head sings a tune. I fall for the concrete floor, but hands brace me.

"Your head's not a weapon." Sylas peers down at me. "Next time use something else on him."

"Great advice." I clutch my head, blinking wildly as I regain my balance and wiggle from Sylas. "But it was all I could think of at the moment."

Tristan fights to get up, huffing and puffing, his face red. "What... happened? Why am I here? Who are you?"

"He's insane." Sylas nods his head at him. "Emmy, you might as well get it over with. He's getting on my nerves."

Emmy stalks from the shadows of the doorway. Her hair blows in the wind, her boots scuff the ground, and her gaze locks on Tristan as if he's a delicious treat. She whisks like a phantom, as if she's flying. Her arms soar up and her fingers pierce against Tristan's temples. It's like watching someone die, only the mind still thrives, and Tristan's body becomes immobile.

With her fingers remaining on his head, Emmy lowers Tristan to the concrete and works to summon his erased memories.

"How do we get him to confess what he knows even after she extracts the memories?" I ask, watching Emmy press her fingers farther into Tristan's skin. "And what if Emmy kills him in the process?"

"Wow." Sylas' eyes twinkle with specks of amber. "You're starting to sound as cruel as me."

"I never said it was okay to kill him." I move to the edge of the rooftop. The land below is buried with ashes. Vampires roam the streets, scavenging for blood and human flesh. There is no humanity left in the hungry monsters as they hunt for their next kill. But how much different are we? Standing up here, letting Emmy endanger Tristan's life on the whim she'll discover the secrets of The Colony?

"You feel too much." Sylas props his foot up on the ledge of the roof. "You're going to have to turn it off, or else it's going to get the best of you."

"Is that what you do?" I meet his eyes, my hair dusting my cheeks as the wind howls. "Do you turn it off Sylas? Is your uncaring behavior just an act?"

His eyes never waver and his eyebrows rise with a dare. "You tell me. After all, you do know me better than anyone. At least you used to."

His gaze makes me nervous, like it always does whenever he sneaks into my emotions. From behind us, Tristan moans and Emmy snarls, but I don't let my eyes cower from Sylas. The longer I focus on him, the less unsettled my body feels. I feel a newfound surge of energy, one that wants answers, one that knows I'm about to cross a dangerous line. In a quick shooting motion, I grab onto Sylas' arm. I grip tightly, digging my nails into his skin. He's surprised, eyes' blinking wildly, like no one has ever touched him without permission. For one brief second, his guard and control crumbles. A window opens, revealing a small insight into his soul. He's always afraid... always afraid of failing, of letting people in, of being human, yet at the same time, he fears he's lost all of his humanity.

"An act," I declare boldly.

His eyes flare and his lips curl, allowing his teeth to dangerously glint in the night. I worry he might shove me off the roof and let me fall to my death. And maybe he would have, if Tristan hadn't beaten him to the punch.

As the blow of Emmy's scream slams against my eardrums, Tristan's body crashes into mine. Our bodies tangle as we fly airborne, off the roof, and plummet to the ground toward my death. I shut my eyes. But I feel something sparkle against my head and my eyelids whip open to Tristan's smile. He has one hand on my hand and the other on my hip.

"Don't forget me," he says and the sparkles in my head ignite. I feel everything he's ever felt. It's the most powerful thing and I'll never be able to forget it. His pain, fear, and worry. Then he releases me, only a few feet from the ground.

Death. What is it like?

Buildings rush my vision and hands grasp my waist. It happens so quickly it takes my mind a few delayed seconds to catch up with reality. Sylas catches me and somehow maneuvers his body between me and the road. I feel like I've been knocked by a vampire, but I'm not dead.

"Are you okay?" Sylas asks, his body concaved into the asphalt. For a fleeting moment he looks human, his emotions raw in his expression.

I nod slowly, my head heavy and full of Tristan's lingering emotions; love, pain, death. "Are you okay?"

His humanity promptly fades. "I'm not the one who's a fragile human, am I?"

I shove off him and dust the ash off my hands, glancing around the street frantically. "Where's Tristan?"

Sylas pushes to his feet and rubs his jawline. "Huh? I thought the fall would have killed him, but it seems he's vanished into thin air."

I peer down a dark alleyway. "That's not a good thing Sylas. He wanted to kill me-someone sent him to kill me." I turn to him. "Didn't you see where... " My eyes widen.

He follows my gaze, past his shoulder, to what's behind him. Vampires. At least a half a dozen and all of them ready to eat.

"Well, crap." He backs into me, the muscles in his neck tensing. "This is bad."

Capturing the sleeve of his shirt, I guide him toward the alley. A swarm of fleshless vampires arise from behind barrels, eyes bleeding, lips drooling-a smell that is foul enough to heighten my gag reflex. They sniff the air and pick up my scent, forcing them to draw back. Then they inch forward as they detect Sylas. They're confused. The rabid beasts despise me, but Sylas is like a mouthwatering treat.

"Kayla," Sylas says as he takes in the fact that we're surrounded. "Now's probably the time to start kicking ass."

"There's too many of them." I gape, turning in a small circle. "I can't even take on one yet."

"Well, you're going to have to try." He backs up. "One bite and I'm dead."

"No, you're infected," I clarify with a frown. "Not dead."

A vampire shrieks and the others follow in unison, like a chorus of death.

"Same thing." He spins on his heels and takes me by the shoulders. "Because if I get bit you'll have to kill me. I won't become one of them."

I don't bother mentioning that he is partially one already. "Fine, but you owe me for this."

"I owe no one. Ever."

"You do now."

He scowls. "Just get me far away from here. We can't go back to the hideout, not after that boy showed up looking for you."

One vampire ventures in on us. I move to drop kick it in the face but trip over my feet. "What about the others?" I skitter sideways. "You're just going to leave them there?"

"They can fend for themselves," he says, acting tough, but a faint flicker of guilt shimmers from inside him. "It's what they were built for."

It starts with a hard shove from a vampire towering in the back. The bodies of the blood-thirsty beasts ripple forward and pile the ground, some falling, some diving for Sylas.

"Now would be the time to run." I knock my arm into the back of one's head and my elbow pops. Blood squirts out of an open wound on the vampire and I jump out of the way to avoid being infected.

"Are you sure-" Sylas starts, hesitating.

"Just go," I cut him off as a vampire clicks its teeth as Sylas. "I can handle this."

A lie. But that's what I'm good at.

There is no more hesitation. Sylas is much faster than me and if we try to run together, I'll only hold him back. He knows it. I know it. The best thing for him to do is bail. Once he's gone, the vampires won't want anything to do with me.

He pierces me with a look bursting with heat and my blood scorches like liquid fire.

"Hurry." He winks and then he's gone, launching himself over the thinner area of the crowd and into the street. Some chase after him, but Sylas can outrun them, so I'm not too worried.

Once he disappears, I relax, knowing the remaining vampires are going to flee. They loiter, blinking as the blood from their eyes subsides. I wish I had my knife so I could at least try and take one out. Especially the one farthest to my left who won't seem to take it's gaze off me. It pants loudly, eyes refusing to stop bleeding. Concerned that it might be defective, I inch to the right, trying to herd an escape route. But none of them will budge. They pant louder and their eyes rain red. Blood splatters against the pavement and rivers for my feet. I think of my dream. Aiden and I as kids, walking toward each other on a blood-stained street piled with famished vampires.

I search the ground for a stake, for some sort of weapon as they horde in on me. One sniffs my arm and then howls at the night.

"Damn it!" I jerk back, but I'm shoved forward. I trip and thrust out my hands to break the fall. That's when I realize what's wrong. My hands are covered in blood. Not my blood. It has to be either Sylas' or Tristan's. I'm in deep trouble. My scent is now overlapped by someone else's. And vampires love the scent of everyone's blood but mine.

A large, rounded one, with big eyes and a gaping hole in its cheek, launches at my leg. I ram the tip of my boot into its head. My toes pop and the vampire howls. Its fangs take another snap and they miss my skin by a sliver of an inch.

Weapon! Weapon! Weapon! My head screams at me.

I scan the buildings, the ground, the sky, but no weapons, only vampires. One smashes into my back and a pain cripples me to the ground. Blood currents down my hair, my neck, my back. I roll to my side and my head thumps against the ground. A stampede of mutilated feet mobs my vision.

You have to get up!

I check to my left then my right, even though the voice was inside my head. "Monarch."

You have to run!

"I'm trying!" I shout even though I know he can't hear me.

Flipping onto my stomach, I prop up onto my elbows. With a loud grunt, I heave myself up and the world spins. Something sharp sinks into my leg and I fumble. Blood gushes down my leg and puddles around my feet. My veins burn. My eyes sting.

I've been bit and I'm going to die.

Chapter 6

"Ring around the rosie. A pocket full of posies."

My eyelids are sealed shut, heavy with death. The damp earth is under me and there's a chorus of voices singing.

"Ashes. Ashes."

My eyes gradually open.

"We all fall down."

My cheeks are pressed against the warm, green grass and the sunlight spills across the land. The heat radiates my skin. I roll over, shield my eyes, and gaze at the crystal blue sky. The wind dances across my face and the atmosphere is unburdened by death. Children skip across the grass while their parents keep an eye on them from the benches and chairs. Swings reach to the sky and the air is filled with laughter.

I know this place. I stand and stretch, my floral dress flapping in the wind. I'm small, just a child. I twirl in a circle and breathe in the fresh air. There's a brown brick building to the side, labeled with a sign. I read it with difficultly, the memories of letters and numbers slipping from my mind. "Cell...7."

"Juniper!" A boy shouts and I turn. Aiden. I know him like I know myself.

He skips up to me with a grin on his face and outstretches his hand. I take it, not asking questions, trusting him entirely. We head across the grassy park, mazing through the groups of children playing on the swings, jumping rope, singing songs. A girl with blood red hair and sad, dark eyes, stands out from the rest of them.

"Emmy?" I whisper, but Aiden tugs on my hand. "Where are we going?"

He puts his finger to his lips, his honey eyes twinkling in the sunlight. "Shhh."

I nod and let him guide us to the verge of the grass. He checks over his shoulder and then tucks us behind the trunk of a large tree.

Immediately, his happy expression falters and replaces with fear. "Did you tell him anything?"

I shake my head uncomprehendingly. "Tell who?"

"Sylas," he whispers. "Did you tell him about our escape plan?"

"What escape plan?" I hover against the tree, frightened. "Aiden, you're scaring me."

He runs his hand through his scraggily hair. "He did it again." His face contorts with anger. "Juniper, you have to try and tune it out. Don't let them get into your head. Otherwise we'll never get out of here and back home."

"Don't let who get into my head?"

He grabs my arm and turns us around. "The Highers," he whispers, pointing a finger at a group of parents, dressed in white coats, taking notes from a park bench.

"They said they aren't going to hurt us," I tell him. "They just want to help..." I trail off as I spot him, standing behind a bench, as he jots notes on a piece of paper. His hair isn't grey and he has fewer crow's feet. But I recognize his dark grey eyes. Monarch.

"But he's my father," I say softly. "He won't hurt me."

Aiden sighs and shakes his head. "No Kayla, he stole you. They stole everyone from their parents. And they won't stop until they have what they want."

I meet his eyes. "But what do they want?"

He swallows hard. "Death."

I open my mouth, but I'm silenced by sirens blaring through the park. Echoes of children's screams overlap the deafening noise.

"Aiden!" I shout, throwing my hands over my ears. "What's going on!" When I spin, Aiden's not there. "Aiden!" I run out from behind the tree, into the crowd of people scurrying around, confused, searching for a dark haired, honey-eyed boy. "Aiden!"

There are too many people and I feel him slipping away. What is this feeling? This emptiness.

"Kayla." It's Monarch. He holds out his hand. "We need to go now."

"But where's Aiden?" I ask. "We can't leave without him."

Black smoke capes the sky and Monarch grabs my hand. "Kayla, now's not the time! He has to go! Let him go! He doesn't belong here."

I wrench my hand away, surprised by how strong I am. "I'm not leaving without him!"

"Kayla!" Monarch shouts as he races after me. "Get back here!"

But I am fast, just like I used to be before I shifted to a human. My little legs can run faster than Monarch's and I vanish into the crowd of white coats and panicked children.

"Aiden!" I yell, bumping a tall man out of my way.

"Hey!" He hollers, reaching for me. "You get back here!"

I dodge around his arms and break through the threshold of the throng. The sight of the burnt trees and grass makes me slam on the breaks. Fires thunder up and down the fields, blazing straight for the park gates. Far in the distance of the scorching flames and spinning smoke, Aiden screams.

"Help me, Juniper!" He begs. "Please!"

I spot his eyes in the smoke and ash, but a needle stabs my neck and just as quickly as I ran through the crowd, I've forgotten why I did it. I can't remember anything. Even the boy burning in the flames.

Chapter 7

"She's not dead," a voice growls. "She's fine."

"She was bit," a girl replies. "She's as good as dead."

"We don't know for sure yet." The voice is deep and familiar.

"Aiden," I mumble and moan from a razor-sharp pain shooting down my neck.

The voices hush and I lift my eyelids. I'm resting in the warm sand, staring up at the dark, smoky sky, the city burning vibrantly in the distance.

"Kayla," Sylas says with a trace of apprehension in his tone. "Are you okay?"

I search for his face. Dressed in black, he blends with the night. My eyes adapt to the darkness and he's above me, dark hair, pale skin, and beautiful black eyes.

"Am I dead?" I croak and clear my throat. "They came after me. They smelled someone else's blood on me and that was that. They no longer wanted to leave me alone."

He picks up my foot and checks my ankle. My boot's missing and my skin's glazed with thick, sticky goo. "You're fine."

I shake my head. "No, I'm infected. You're going to have to kill me."

Emmy stands behind him, her hands on her hips, lips pressed together-like she's trying not to cry. "This is bad. Really bad."

"Is that what you want, Kayla?" Sylas asks curiously. "Do you want to die?"

I gradually sit up and Sylas leans back to give me room. I consider his question, but not for very long. "I don't want to be one of them. Ever."

His eyes are all over me, debating my request, and he seriously reflects killing me-I see it on his face. He sighs. "I don't think you're infected."

I drag my leg closer, sand building between my toes and sticking to my skin. Embedded on my leg are two small gashes, the size of teeth and blood drips from them. "Then what's this?"

"It's a bite," he says forthrightly. "But you're not infected."

I rub the sand off my feet. "How can you be sure? Bites are what infect, Sylas. And this is definitely a vampire bite."

"I know it is." He glances at Emmy. They exchange a look, like they know something I don't. "If you were infected," Sylas turns his head back to me, "then you'd be changing into one of them by now."

Sand blows in my face and the wind begs to put me out of my misery. "But that doesn't make any sense. Unless... do bites not always infect? Do you know something about the virus that I don't?"

"We have this theory," Emmy crouches in front of me and there's sadness in her eyes, just like when I saw her in my memory, "that you might be different. That on top of Monarch making the vampires loathe you, he might have made you immune to their bite."

"You're a soldier, Kayla," Monarch says. "Once I'm finished with you, no one will be able to stop you."

"So if I'm immune to a vampire's bite, then that means... "

"That there's a cure," Sylas finishes as he rips the corner of his shirt off.

"Or at least a way to stop the disease from spreading." Emmy dusts sand from my hair. "By making people immune."

My fingers graze the pocket of my jeans where the watch sits; the thing that's supposed to hold the answers to saving the world.

"How did you guys get me out of there?" I ask. "Without getting killed? They were everywhere."

Sylas hesitates as he wraps the piece of his torn shirt around my ankle. "You can thank Emmy for that. She ran into the herd of vampires to save you." His lip twitches at the blood on my leg.

"Thanks," I say. "How did you know I was in trouble?"

"I heard you scream." She smiles as she sits down in the sand and her black dress encircles her.

Sylas breathes in the scent of my blood before moving away. I stand up and teeter-totter to the side. He snags my arm and balances me.

"Easy," he warns. "We said you were immune to the bite. Not to getting hurt. Need I remind you that you're still human?"

"Only about a hundred times," I groan, wrenching my arm from his grip. I hate showing weakness, especially in front of him. "Where are the others?"

"Here and there." Sylas gives an indifferent shrug.

"You mean you don't know." I inhale a deep breath. "You said we can't go back to the hideout, so where do we go now?"

Sylas traces his lips with his finger. "I think we shouldn't worry about where we go, but what we do. If that boy tracked you down then the Highers know you're still alive."

I never shared with him the incident back at the hillside, when the Highers came and burnt everything to the ground, including everyone who lived there, all because they were looking for me. "They've known that I'm alive for a while."

Sylas frowns. "What? How do you know this?"

Telling the truth is tricky for me. It's like my tongue doesn't want to cooperate. "I just know, okay."

"Kayla." His anger rages through his voice. "You've been holding out on me."

"I know," I say. "And I'm ready to tell you what happened, just as long as you tell me something first."

A mischievous grin spreads across his face. "Are you trying to bargain with me?"

Emmy snorts a laugh, like it's the most ridiculous thing she's ever heard.

"You owe me," I remind him. "I saved your ass back there."

"Did you?" He taps his fingers on his knee. "Okay, what do you want to know?"

"I want to know if you know anything about a park." I cross my arms. "A park Aiden and I might have been at."

Immediately, their faces sink.

"How do you know about it?" Sylas wonders. "The only way you could remember is if your memories are coming back to you. From what you've told me, that hasn't been happening-at least not any memories that are important." He pauses. "Is that what you saw when you stabbed yourself with the minte?"

I shake my head. "I saw it when I blacked out in the street."

"So you're seeing memories on your own." He ponders. "And without mutilating yourself?"

"Yeah..." I pluck a piece of hair out of my mouth. "So."

Although I didn't always follow the rules at The Colony, they tried to force me to never ask questions. But not asking questions out here could get me killed. Figuring out the answers, however, is complex process.

Emmy gathers her hair and braids it on the side of her head. "She wouldn't be immune to the minte, would she?"

"Maybe." Sylas' eyes are locked on me. "But that would mean she's immune to your little gift too."

"Not immune," I point out. "It affects me, but in a negative way..." My head wobbles to the side and smacks my shoulder.

"If you're going to save the world, Kayla, no one can be able to touch you," Monarch says as he digs through his medicine drawers. "No one can know what you know. We have to keep your memories safe. We have to inhibit anything that can get into them. But in order to do so, I have to make you suffer. It's the only way I know how to keep everything protected."

"But what if I need them?" I ask, sliding onto a vacant bed. "How am I supposed to get my memories?"

"We'll keep them safe inside someone else's head." He lowers his voice and walks quietly over to the hospital bed. "At least the important ones. The one's that will help you save the world."

I roll up my sleeve so he can give me an injection. "But whose head will we keep them in?"

"I think you already know the answer to that question, Kayla," he says softly. "He's the only other one like you, only he's broken."

"Aiden," I whisper as he pierces the needle into my forearm. "We'll keep them with him."

"Just make sure to get the memories before he dies. Otherwise, you'll never be able to do it."

"Do what?"

"End the virus."

***

"Kayla!" Sylas shouts. He's waving his hand in my face. "Did you hit your head or something?

I step back, my gaze flittering to the roaring city. "I think I know how to get all my memories back. But we need someone else's help-we need Aiden's help."

A pause and Sylas drops his hand to his side. "I think you did hit your head. And pretty hard."

"I didn't hit my head," I argue. "I'm actually thinking very clearly at the moment."

"Then how do you know Aiden can help you get your memories?"

"Because Monarch told me he could." I take the pocket watch out and flip it to the back. "But what does this have to do with it?"

He brushes his hair from his eyes, which are filled with a dark, taunting look. "How do you know for sure that's not all Monarch has told you? How do you know part of it's not locked away in my head?"

"Do you know something I don't?" I step forward, clutching the watch in my hand. "Because if you do, you better fess up."

"Oh no." Emmy laughs and backs away. "This is not going to end well."

"I don't know what's worse?" With a rapid step from his long legs, he narrows the void between us, so we're inches apart. His voice reduces to a grumble. "That you're accusing me of being a liar, or the fact that you just ordered me to do something?"

His gaze works its way under my skin as he tries to get to me, control me. I stare him down just like on the roof, forcing myself to get past the feelings of turning myself over to him.

His breath is hot on my cheek. "I'm not a liar, Kayla."

"So you keep telling me."

We continue to stare each other down, even when Emmy clears her throat.

"Guys," she says. "I think we need to get out of here. Morning's coming."

Sylas shakes his head. "Not until we settle this." He spreads his hands to the side. "You want to know if I'm lying, then go ahead and see."

I eye him over warily. "You're just going to let me tap into you."

He tilts his head to the side. "Consider this your one and only freebie."

I look at Emmy, who shrugs, seeming just as astounded as I am.

"I don't know what to tell you," she says. "He surprises me every day."

Still uncertain, I reach for him, but he pulls back.

"Oh, I'm not going to make it easy on you." He licks his lips.

I remain immobile, hand suspend in midair. I don't know what my problem is. It's just a kiss and I've kissed him before, but something about it feels wrong. Or maybe it's that deep down a part of me wants to kiss him.

For a second, I consider kneeing him between the legs. But not wanting him to know he's getting to me, I keep my head and shoulders held high, my gaze never faltering as I lean in.

"Alright, Sylas, if that's the way you want to play, then let's play." Without indication, I press my lips to his, a dominating move as I clutch onto the upper hand.

He's not influencing my emotions, which is making the situation worse. All of it is raw-the way he feels, the way I feel, the way our lips connect. Kissing him is so much different than kissing Aiden. Aiden is open and his emotions pour out effortlessly. There's something safe in Aiden's touch. But when Sylas opens up, it's like falling into an abyss.

I let the kiss go on longer than I should. He tangles his fingers in my hair, slides his hand up my back, and draws me closer. As our bodies touch, I decide to end it and keep things on my terms. I draw back and his eyes open. There's nothing there, no anger, no sadness, no concern. I'm sure my expression matches his, even though my heart's slamming against my chest. That's when I realize that Sylas and I share a trait.

"Did you get what you needed?" Sylas arches an eyebrow.

"I did." My voice is as smooth as honey.

I got more than I needed. Sylas' inner workings are twisted and intricate. Particularly the way he feels about me. He wants to devour me because he cares for me too much, yet at the same time, he wants to protect me. He's a walking contradiction, and I should be frightened. But I'm not.

Always a fearless soldier, just like I'm supposed to be.

"Should we get going?" I slip on my boot, lace it up, and start across the desert, away from the city.

He dashes in front of me and his shield's back up, blocking what he's feeling. "Where do you think you're going?"

"To find Aiden." I pause, refusing to look at him. "Because you don't have the answers I need. You don't know any more about my memories than I do. And Emmy can't help me-not without dipping into Aiden's mind."

He lets go of my hand and I stumble forward. "You didn't tell me how you discovered the Highers know you're alive."

I freeze, remembering the smell of the fires, the scent of death. "While we were in the city, the Highers came to the hillside looking for me. When they couldn't find me, they killed everyone."

The air grows as still as a deceased heart. Even the vampire cries have descended, morning is breaking through.

"They killed everyone," Emmy's voices strangles out, her compassion revealing briefly. "Everyone's dead."

I slowly nod, staring at the desert. Daybreak is about to creep over the sky. "Everyone, except Aiden, Greyson, Cedrix, and Ryder."

Emmy lets out a sigh. "Well, I'm glad they're okay."

"I'm sure you are," Sylas remarks with humor in his tone.

Emmy hisses at him and Sylas rolls his eyes. "You and your temper tantrums. I don't know why Monarch put that in you. Or the crazy."

"He didn't put the temper in me. That is all me." She smiles, dancing in a circle, swishing her dress. "And I like the crazy. The world would be a boring place without it."

"Can we go now?" I interrupt. "It's daybreak and that means you two are going to have to start staying in shade."

His eyes roam to the sky. "Nah, I think we're going to sit this one out."

I stare at him blankly. "You're not coming with me?"

He shakes his head. "Like you said, morning's coming." He turns his back on me. "Let's go Emmy, before we get roasted."

Emmy gives me a half-shrug. "Sorry, Kayla," she singsongs. "But he's right." She skips after Sylas.

I proceed in the direction of the hillside, my mind entangling with confusion. He's just going to let me walk away, after he spent so much time chasing after me? As much as my feet want to head back to him, I keep marching forward.

A swoosh flows from behind me and then his lips are touching my ear. "You're sad I'm not going with you. Admit it."

"I said you can do whatever you want." My feet slip in the sand as I put one foot in front of the other. "And I meant it."

He touches my shoulder and roughly reels me to face him. "Just answer this one question for me. Are you going for Aiden's help or to help Aiden?"

"Both," I say honestly, swaying from the spin. "I want my memories. And I want to save him."

"He'll never do it," he says. "He hates the idea too much."

"Sylas," Emmy calls out. "We have to go. Daybreak's coming."

"Whether you're coming or not, I'm still going," I tell him. "I can take care of myself." I shoo him away. "So you can go."

"I know you can take care of yourself." His eyes travel to the shallow, sandy hills. "Emmy, go back and find the others. Tell them to find a good hiding spot until I get back. In fact, have them go to the Grates."

"But I hate it there," Emmy complains. "It smells like garbage."

"It smells like garbage because that's where they used to dump garbage."

I internally cringe. "Emmy's not going with us?"

"What?" The corners of his mouth quirk up. "Are you afraid of being alone with me?"

"No." I shake my head firmly. "I'm not afraid of anything."

His lips curl into a grin. "Then go ahead, Kayla. Lead the way."

"You have a weapon on you, right?" I stick out my hand. "Just in case."

"Emmy, give me your knife." He holds his hand behind him, never taking his gaze off me.

Emmy slams her knife into his hand. "But I want to come." She pouts out her lip. "The Grates suck."

"Emmy, I need you to step up here," Sylas says with a mildly tolerant tone. "No more messing around."

She shakes her head and huffs away, red hair flapping in the wind. "Fine." She twirls her dress as she spins in circles. "Don't have too much fun without me."

Sylas flips the blade in his hand and shoves it into his back pocket. "I think I'll hold onto this for a while. I don't want any unnecessary stabbings going down."

My hand itches to steal the knife, but I'm not stupid. He'd kill me if I tried. I let out frustrated breath and head across the desert. Sylas follows, whistling a tune that flutters in the morning stillness.

"It's getting light," I say after some time drifts by. "We should move beside the hills and out of the light."

His boots scrape against the sand and he gives a deep chuckle. "Probably, unless you want me to burn alive."

I make a sharp left and walk a line to the hills that roll the land. Morning's parting through the sky and the ash and smoke is thinning.

I hop over a rock and land with a thud. "Why do you think the Highers were out in the city?" I glance over my shoulder and he's tracing his fingers along the edge of the hill. "Do you think they do it all the time? Or do you think they were just looking for me?"

He swipes up a rock and chucks it across the land. "I think they've been wandering outside since The Colony was built. But I think they were looking for you last night and that's why Tristan showed up suddenly."

"But what I want to know is how did they discover that I was alive in the first place? I mean we died at The Gathering," I say. "So how did they find out about the hillside and the survivors?"

"Perhaps a certain doctor who created us has gone rogue." He pauses, staring at the ground, his eyebrows knitting together. "I mean, he is the one responsible for tossing us out in the desert to begin with. Then again, maybe the Highers know we're not dead. Maybe this is all just a test."

"They think we're dead, Sylas. Maci said she died and an Angel saved her." I clutch my hands into fists, digging my nails into my palms. "And Monarch's dead, so it can't be him."

His head snaps up. "He died? When?"

"He died right before The Gathering."

He settles down. "Do you know that for sure?"

"I don't know anything for sure." I hike up on a path that takes us farther into the shade. "And for a moment I thought..." Rocks crumble to the ground as we maneuver around a bush blocking the path.

"Thought what?" He asks and when I don't answer, he adds, "You know, you and Aiden need to learn that the lying thing was built into you and if we want to get anywhere, you're going to have to stop."

"Lying's not always bad," I reply. "Sometimes it can protect me."

"Not with me," he says, moving beside me. "With me, the truth protects you. Remember that."

I look at my wrists, where my experiment numbers are sketched, along with a faint scar. Sylas was the one who showed me the numbers, gave me the truth. "I wonder sometimes if Monarch might be a Higher."

He remains stoic. "You think so? Hmm...that is an interesting thought."

"You don't seem surprised." I drop my wrist to my side.

"That's because I'm not." He slips by and walks backwards in front of me. "And I don't know why you're so surprised. I've told you I know things that I can't share with you-not until you figure them out on your own. Otherwise, you'll just remember them from my word of mouth."

"The only reason I think he might be a Higher is because I thought I spotted one during The Gathering that looked like him." I don't tack on that I once remembered Monarch telling me that he was going to change into one.

"Maybe you did see him." He stuffs his hands in his pockets. "Maybe you saw-and heard-more than you think."

I slam to a stop as it hits me, like a hard bump on the head. "Not yet," I whisper and my mind's tugged back to The Colony, to the day of The Gathering.

The corridor is crowded with Colony members and their fear pollutes the air. I feel alive, more than I ever have and I know I'm going to kill a Higher today.

People are whispering foul words, shunning me for attacking a Higher. Someone behind me mutters that I deserve to die. It pisses me off and I turn to shut them up, but then I hear it. His voice.

"Not yet."

Sylas. Sylas was at The Gathering.

Chapter 8

I blink a thousand times, struggling to believe what my mind just revealed. "You were there... You were at The Gathering... in The Colony. How?"

His dark eyes haunt me, trying to pierce into my soul. "You tell me."

Rage burns in me and I crack. Without contemplation, I crash my body into his. His rock hard chest is like colliding into a wall and all my bones pop. I raise my fist, ready to strike him.

"Just tell me!" I snarl. "Tell me what the hell you were doing there."

He seizes my fist and crushes it in his hand. "Don't tell me what to do."

My muscles ache, but I refuse to show pain. I breathe through my nose and steady my voice. "How did you get in there without being seen? Or were you there the whole time and I just don't remember you?"

He spins me around and restrains me with his arms. "Keep thinking about it and maybe you'll get there. But I can't tell you. You have to remember on your own. You know that."

My chest heaves. "I think... I think..."

"Here," Sylas says and he guides us to the ground. He rests his back against the side of the sandy hill and tucks his feet in, without letting me go. Then he puts my head in his lap.

"Now do it," he orders. "Don't let yourself stop until you see the end."

I shut my eyes and relaxation takes me over.

***

Tristan's confused face is the last thing I see before I storm up to the podium with my knife out. No one notices me at first, blinded by the Higher's words. My hood is pulled over my head and my chin is tucked down. My hand sweats against the handle of the knife as I shove people gently to the side. The closer I get, the more I know I'm capable of taking Gabrielle's life.

When I push through the edge of the Colony members, Gabrielle's pales eyes target on me. He looks afraid, which is a first for a Higher. His gaze flashes to the exit doors, to the Watchers. They stamp through the crowd and I waste no time springing onto the podium. The other Highers hurry toward Gabrielle, ready to kill me for doing what I'm about to do.

Gabrielle's eyes steady to mine, their pale color shifting to a dark cloud of grey. "Oprete-te," he commands.

He wants me to obey him, to leave him alone, but he fears the shift has finally happened. Raising my knife, I say, "Frica."

Gabrielle backs away, fear flooding off him in a way I didn't think was possible. He trips over his white robe and the Colony members start to scream. The thump of the Watchers' boots rise over my shoulder, and as their hands graze my back, I plunge the knife into Gabrielle's chest. His eyes widen and he lets out a scream that fades into air. He rolls over, moaning in pain, then towers to his feet, blood staining his white robe. His hands brush the fabric and he glances at me.

"You're dead," he says tranquilly.

I feel satisfied in a disturbing way and when a Taser zaps me in the back, I don't care. I crash to the ground and the worn ceiling arches above me. Water drips in my eyes, on my cheeks, in my mouth, as I lay paralyzed. Someone shouts and the room fills with smoke. Colony members drop to the floor, cracking their heads, elbows, and backs.

I close my eyes, ready for death. The smoke conceals my surroundings. Arms envelope me and I'm scooped from the ground. A familiar scent sparkles at my senses. I turn my head and breathe it in.

"I said not yet," Sylas whispers. "You never listen, Kayla."

I can't see through the smoke, but I sense his warmth drifting through my body, an attempt to keep me calm. He shoves out the corridor doors and into the hall, which is empty.

"Where is everyone?" I manage to speak. "Where did you come from?"

A hood is pulled over his head and his dark eyes take me in. "Just consider me the Angel who saved your ass."

I smile at him, even though the situation is fateful. His chest rumbles as he laughs gently. It feels like we're flying, moving so quickly his legs can't be touching the ground. Within seconds, he bursts into the infirmary. The flames in the stoves hiss and Taggart whirls toward us, along with a Higher. Behind them is a flat metal bed where Maci lays with her eyes open and her heart still.

Sylas freezes and cradles me closer to his chest. "Monarch? Is that you?"

Monarch is dressed in white, with pale hair that feathers down his shoulders. "Yes, it's me."

Strangely, his eyes are still grey. I think of the Higher at the hillside. His eyes were pale, but still contained the slightest hint of blue, the reminiscences of his humanity.

"But you're..." Sylas gapes at Monarch, speechless.

"I'm what I need to be for the moment," Monarch says. "Just like you Sylas."

Monarch snaps his fingers at Taggart and the large man, with hunched shoulders, steps for us begrudgingly.

Sylas' fangs snap out and he snarls. "This isn't part of the plan. I was supposed to take her out of here. She wasn't supposed to go to them."

Monarch looks less like himself and more like a Higher as he walks toward Sylas. "Things change, Sylas. She's becoming too much like you. That little incident in the Corridor-that only comes from your influence. No matter how hard I tried, I couldn't burn you out of her mind. But I can send her to Aiden. He never seemed to be too influential."

Sylas bares his fangs and backs for the doorway. "You're one of them now. I'm not letting you take her."

Monarch's hand grasps a shiny, sharp object. A needle. Sylas doesn't see it, so I try to wiggle free, to help him. But I'm as useless as a sack of potatoes.

As if he's made of lightening, Monarch dashes forward and knocks Sylas and me to the ground. My head collides with the brick floor and my head rings. Sylas rolls over with blood dripping from his forehead. He's not hurt though, but angry, his eyes smoldering with revenge. In the blink of an eye, he's back on his feet and he lunges for Monarch.

"Why?" he roars, wrapping his hands around Monarch's neck. "Why are you doing this? You said I was supposed to take her from here and teach her what to do-teach her to be one of us. Bring her memories back. Help her save the world."

"It was never you, Sylas," Monarch responds calmly. "It never was and never will be. You're too reckless and that rubs off on her. It has to be Aiden."

"Sorry to break it to you," he breathes furiously, "but Aiden never turned."

"He will," Monarch says. "Once Kayla gets to him. He may not influence her, but she can influence him."

Sylas swallows hard, Monarch's words distracting him long enough for Taggart to sneak up behind him and stab him in the neck with a syringe.

Sylas howls and touches his neck. "Silver." He wobbles to the side. "I didn't think you had it in you." He trips forward, and then falters back, striving to maintain his footing. My fingers seek him as he falls to the floor. Sylas shows no emotion as he slips into a state of unconsciousness.

Monarch looms above him with two syringes in his hand, one filled with a red liquid and one with a purple. He plunges the purple one straight into Sylas' arm and wipes his memory clean. Then he turns to me with the red syringe.

"Sorry," he says in an unsympathetic voice. "But they have to think you're dead, otherwise they'll kill you themselves. They know what you are now and you can't stay here."

I let out a muffled scream and try to jerk my arm away as the needle descends into my skin. The red liquid immerses my veins and surges through my body. My eyes roll into the back of my head and the red door burns in my mind.

Monarch says, "Figure out how to save the world, and then come back for me."

Chapter 9

My eyes shoot open. I'm panting and sweat beads my skin. Sylas watches me with his dark eyes, shadows cast across his face.

"What do you remember?" he asks quickly.

I sit up and rub the sweat from my forehead. "What do you remember?"

He stays silent for a moment. "Not much. Emmy dipped inside my head and tried to pull some of the memories out, but pieces are missing, like how I got into The Colony in the first place or why I went there."

"You weren't just living there then," I say. "You came back."

"No, I was thrown out of The Colony a few years ago, but that day, for some reason, I went there. I think through a tunnel."

"A tunnel?" I rest against the hillside. "Like the one that leads to the river?"

He shakes his head. "This tunnel was different. There was no river and there were things there..." his forehead scrunches over. "Strange rock carvings and colorful images."

"Why didn't you mention this before?"

"Why would I? It's for you to figure out, not me."

I sigh and stand. "So you were there to get me?"

"I guess." He shrugs, raising his eyebrows and staring at the ground, attempting to conceal the hurt he was experiencing at the time. "But Monarch changed his mind and wouldn't let me take you. He wanted Aiden to help you, not me."

"But what drove you to go there?" I ask. "Because, from what I saw, Monarch never told you to do it."

He glides to his feet and stretches out his legs. "That's the million dollar question." He holds up his finger. "Perhaps it was my undying love for you."

I start to speak, but his laughter shuts me up. I rub my hands across my face. "Is there anything else behind the red door?" I ask and take the watch out of my pocket. "Besides a lab? Is there anything else that goes on in there besides experiments and torture?"

"Lots of things went on in there besides experiments." He sketches his finger along my collar bone and breathes in my scent. With an intimate look on his face, his eyes travel up my body. "Lots and lots of things."

What does this guy know that I don't? "Sylas, how close were we?"

His eyebrow curves up as he drags his finger down my arm. "Another million dollar question."

I open my mouth to order him to stop, but the words won't leave my lips. They don't want to leave my lips.

"Aiden and I were close too," I say as his fingers journey down my ribs. "He loved me once."

"But did you love him?"

"I wish I could remember."

He closes his eyes, breathing me in again, and he wants to do things to me I'm not comfortable with-I sense it dripping from him.

"Sylas," I warn as his hand moves downward.

He pulls away, giving me a cold look. Then his eyes dart over my shoulder at the sound of voices and two distinct heartbeats.

I freeze, my muscles tensing. "It can't be them? Can it?"

"This is so ridiculous," Ryder says. "I bet they didn't even take her. I bet she wandered off on her own. And we just left everyone behind on a rescue mission for her."

"She wouldn't do that," Aiden replies confidently and guilt plagues me. "I know she wouldn't."

"That's what you think." Ryder's voice rings with anger. "You build her up in your head and make her into something she's not."

"She's exactly what I think she is," he responds defensively. "I know her better than anyone."

Sylas lets out a low chuckle. "My brother, the idiot."

I shoot him a dirty look and shove him back against the hill. He laughs harder and it echoes around the hill for Ryder and Aiden to hear. They stop talking, walking, breathing.

"Did you hear that," Ryder whispers, nervousness lacing her voice. "It came from over the hill."

"Shhh," Aiden hisses and then they still. "Be quiet for a minute."

Sylas laughs louder, not caring if they hear him. I sigh and hike down the hill, leaving him in the shadows. I slip to the bottom, my boots filling with warm sand, and I step around the hill into the open.

Aiden's honey eyes light up. He looks like he hasn't slept in ages. He's clothes are filthy and worn out. He begins to run for me, but I step back, shake my head, and hold up my hand.

He skids to a stop, his eyebrows furrowing. "What's wrong?" He wonders and whispers, "Are they here?"

"The Day Takers?" I ask and he nods. "One is."

His expression falls. "My brother."

I point over my shoulder. "He's over the hill, hiding out in the shade. Where's Maci and the others?"

"Back in the cave," he explains. "Don't worry, they're safe. Maci said you needed us, though."

"In a way, she was right," I tell him. "But probably not in the way you're thinking."

Ryder shakes her head and folds her colorfully decorated arms. Her blue eyes, traced with black, narrow on me. "She doesn't look like she's being held against her will."

Aiden eyes me over and sweeps his dark, scraggily hair out of his eyes. "Did he hurt you?" He looks at the bottom of my pants, caked with blood. "I'll kill him if he did."

Sylas' amusement erupts over the hills. "I'd like to see you try."

Aiden inches in the direction of his voice, but I swing my arm out and hold him back. "There's no point. He'll probably kill you with the first swing."

As our skin comes into contact his emotions mix through me. He's worried about what they've done to me, relieved I'm alive, and grateful I'm touching him.

"I'm fine," I tell him, lowering my arm. "This blood's not from Sylas or any of the Day Takers."

His honey eyes burn cinder. "They did this to you." He shouts over the hill at Sylas, "Sneaking into the cave in the middle of the night, while everyone's asleep, is a coward's way to steal someone!"

"Do you want to be the one to break it to him, Kayla?" Sylas laughs. "Or can I have the pleasure?"

Aiden looks at me, his expression bewildered. "Break what to me?"

I gather my stray hair, tuck it behind my ears, and let out a sigh. "I left on my own."

He dies a little inside, his heart nearly stopping. I wonder if it's from me, or from Monarch messing up on him.

"You left on your own?" he says slowly. "But now you're back?"

I pause. "I came back for a reason."

Ryder huffs and turns for a cluster of rocks. "This is so ridiculous." She stomps to the rocks and takes a seat, mumbling to herself as she pulls her matted hair into a ponytail. "It's always about her. Always about her."

I blink my attention to Aiden. "I think you might have some of my memories inside your head."

He stares at me, not listening, hurt evident in his eyes. He storms off toward where Sylas is hiding.

"Aiden, don't," I advise. "You know you can't fight him and win."

"But can you fight him and win?" He questions, veering around the side of the hill.

I follow after him. "No, I can't fight him and win." But deep down, I want to.

His heart skips a beat and he stops. "Then you're still human."

For now. "Yeah, with a beating heart and everything."

This doesn't stop his suicide mission. When we round the corner Sylas spots us, and a grin creeps onto his face.

"Hello, brother," he says.

Aiden halts just short of where the sun joins the shadow of the hill. Sylas moves to the line and the two of them stand face-to-face. Aiden is taller and his dark hair longer. Aiden used to be more muscular, but he must have lost some weight from the last time I saw him.

"Is food a little scarce?" Sylas motions at Aiden's lack of muscle. "Looks like you've lost a little bit of weight since the last time I was graced with your presence."

"The hillside was raided." He crosses his arms. "So yeah, the food's a little limited."

"My poor little brother." Sylas fakes a pout. "But then again, if you weren't human, food wouldn't be a problem."

Aiden steps forward, his black boots clipping the edge of the line. "Well, if you were human, then you could step into the light."

"You really think that's stopping me?" He inches his hand into the light and his skin starts to smoke. "A little sunburn would be worth it."

Aiden's heart nervously accelerates, but he doesn't back down. "Then go ahead. Prove a Day Taker makes you stronger."

I charge between them. "Would you two knock it off? This is getting us nowhere."

They look down at me and I feel small. I put a hand to each of their chests and I shove them anyway, forcing them to back down. Sylas barely budges, but Aiden stammers backward.

Sylas laughs, touching his chest. "Feisty. I like it."

"You are such a jerk." Ryder's voice floats over to us and our gazes land on her. She stands a distance away, her eyes slicing into Sylas. "You never change, do you? You're still the same smart ass you've always been."

Sylas' lips twists and hatred pours off him. There's a passionate revulsion between the two of them and it almost hurts to be able to feel it.

"Come over here in the shade and say that," Sylas calls out mockingly. "Come on Ryder, I dare you."

She taps her foot and looks away. "No thanks."

Sylas backs toward the hill and drops to the ground. "Just remember. When night comes, that line doesn't exist."

"There's something I need to tell you," I announce to Aiden. "Something about my memories. And about you."

"Okay..." He waits.

"I think you might have some of my memories inside your head," I explain again, now that he's listening. "I think Monarch might have put them in there to protect them."

He rubs his hand across his face, taking it in. "How would he do that?"

"I have no idea." I shrug. "I thought maybe you knew something about it."

"I don't, but you might." He touches his fingertip to my temple. "It's just locked away in here."

My skin tingles from his touch. "Or maybe it's in your head."

"Here's a thought." Sylas' sudden closeness is disrupting. "Maybe someone has the gift to extract memories and place them inside someone else's head."

I spin on my heels and he's right behind me. He's pulled the hood of his black jacket over his head and his hands are tucked in his sleeves. But it's not easy for him to be out in the open grayness of the afternoon. His skin is red, sweat dews his forehead, and his strength is weakened.

"Like Emmy," I suggest. "Or did you already know that."

He presses his lips together. His gaze elevates over my head, past us and to Ryder.

I gape at him. "You've got to be kidding me."

"Don't listen to him, Kayla," Aiden cautions. "He's just messing with your head."

"No he's not. He's telling the truth." I lower my voice. "Does she know she can do it?"

"There's only one way to find out." He steps for Ryder, coughing from the light.

I push him back. "I'll get it out of her. You go back in the shade."

He grins impishly and winks. "Don't be too rough on her, Kayla. Even as a human, you could still take her any day."

I start to smile, but hastily erase it. I advance toward Ryder and Aiden falls into step with me.

"You two seem to be getting along," he notes with disapproval. "I guess you don't regret your decision to leave us then."

"I had to leave, Aiden." I sigh, avoiding his eyes. "At the time, Emmy seemed like my only option to get my memories out of my head." I let out a huge breath, stop, and face him. "But it turned out I could get some of them out on my own, and without harming myself. But not the important ones. Those are the ones Monarch locked away in your head."

"I told you we'd find a way." He frowns. "I knew I had some of them in my head and together we could put them all together. I was just waiting for you to catch up."

"You could have just told me. It would have saved us a lot of time if you did. But instead, you were always lying to me."

"You lied too," he retorts. "We both lied, but I lied to protect you, Juniper. I care about you more than you realize." He points a finger at Sylas with an ache in his heart. "And way more than he does."

"Aiden." I calm my voice. "The fact of the matter is, I don't really know either of you, so I have to decide things for myself. At the time, I thought it was best to leave. But I didn't mean to hurt you."

"I hate to break up your little moment," Ryder interrupts. "But Aiden and I need to get back to the hillside before dark."

Aiden keeps his eyes on me, even when I look up at Ryder. "Is there any way to extract a memory and hide it in someone else's head?"

She pulls a disgusted face. "What kind of stupid question is that?"

"The kind you need to answer." I square my shoulders, preparing to beat it out of her if I have to.

"She doesn't know anything," Aiden assures me. "I know Ryder better than anyone and if she knew how to do it, she'd tell me."

"Exactly," Ryder sways her head with attitude.

I clasp her wrist, feeling her lie pulsing through her veins. "No, she knows a hell of a lot more than you think."

"Kayla." Aiden swats my hand away. "Knock it off. You're acting like one of them."

I miss my fighting skills. I know just the right places to hit them and they'd fall over and take a light nap without any permanent damage. But I don't have the strength anymore.

Ryder side swipes me and we tumble to the sand. A swish and Sylas is beside us. He takes a punch at Aiden while Ryder flips us over and crunches her knuckles against my cheek.

My jaw pops loudly. I groan, clutching my cheek.

Ryder grins. "I've wanted to do that ever since the day you showed up."

Her fist dives for my face again, but I block it and put all my strength into shoving her back, even going as low as digging my fingernails into the back of her hand.

"Ow," she whines, wincing. She punches her free hand at me and I snatch hold of it. I inhale, summoning any inner strength lingering in my human body, and overturn us. Her back hits the ground and she lets out a groan.

"Ryder," I try to reason with her. "Just tell me. No one has to get hurt."

"The only person who's going to get hurt is you." She tries to bite my hand and that's when nice Kayla goes away.

I slap her face hard. Her cheek stings red and my hand throbs.

Sylas appears, grinning from ear to ear. "Nice." His head is still tucked under his hood and his fingers are shielded by his sleeves. Behind him, Aiden lies in the sand, hands slack to the side, mouth parted, eyes shut.

"You didn't kill him, did you!" I exclaim as Ryder tugs on my hair.

He shakes his head. "Nah, he's just taking a little nap."

Ryder takes another blow at me. I lean back and her knuckles clip the tip of my nose.

"A little help here please." I struggle to pin Ryder's arms down.

"What would be the fun in helping?" He licks some blood off his lips. "Honestly, I'm kind of enjoying this."

"Sylas, please," I beg as the last of my strength diminishes and Ryder jerks my head down.

"Oh fine." He grabs Ryder's arm and dips his teeth into her wrist.

She screams as blood seeps down her arm. Her jaw slacks open and her head wobbles to the side.

I frown up at him. "How am I supposed to get the answers from her if she's unconscious?"

He kneels down on the ground, wipes the blood from his mouth, and turns her head to the side. On the back of her neck is a red circular symbol that winds around itself, shrinking to a small dot in the center.

"What is that?" I slide off Ryder and kneel next to Sylas. "Is it her experiment number?"

He presses his lips together. "This isn't a number. It's a symbol." He scratches his head. "I've seen this before."

"How did you even know it was there?"

"I have no idea." He tells the truth.

Blood dribbles from my cheek. Sylas drags his finger across it and then sucks the blood off. Disregarding him, I sit cross-legged on the ground, noticing the deepening sky.

"I've seen that symbol before..." I pull the pocket watch out and show Sylas the back. "It's the same."

He steals the watch from my hand and rubs his thumb along the circular lines. Then he glances at the symbol on Ryder's neck. "It's exactly the same."

"I know." I take the watch from him and press the back of it to Ryder's neck. "It's a perfect match." Hot energy zaps through the metal. I drop the watch in the sand and suck on my burnt fingertip. "It's hot."

Sylas scoops up the watch and stares at the numbers encompassing the front. "It's glowing."

I lean in to get a closer look. Six numbers glow a light blue and stand out against the rest. I turn my numbered wrist over and move it next to the watch.

"Three match." Sylas gets the strangest look on his face and then he crawls across the sand to Aiden.

I hop up and follow him. "What are you..."

Sylas has the watch against Aiden's marked wrist. The unmatchable three numbers match three on his wrist. "Jackpot."

I squat down beside him and turn the watch over. "But it still doesn't tell us how this is the key to ending the world. Or what it does. Or what we're supposed to do with it."

"You're supposed to program each other with it." Ryder's voice makes us jump.

Sylas shoves me behind him and I face plant it in the sand. He bares his fangs at Ryder. "Are you looking for another fight?"

"Oh, back down guard dog." Ryder plays tough on the outside, but she's terrified on the inside.

I spit the sand from my mouth and wobble to my feet. "Did you say program?"

"Yeah, but I'm not going to do it." Ryder backs away, her eyes refusing to leave the watch. "He can't make me do it. No one can. I'm not a part of that life anymore."

"Sylas isn't going to hurt you, Ryder," I lie, because I can feel that's what he's planning on doing. "We just need your help using the watch."

Sylas' eyebrow arcs up. "I'm not going to hurt her?"

I weave around him. "Is the watch what can get my memories out of Aiden and into me?" Fear is rushing off her wildly and it knocks the breath out of me.

"It hurts," she whispers, her eyes wide. "Endless pain. I told him to let me do something else-to let me do your job instead, but he said I felt too much to follow through with it and that he'd already messed me up anyway." She's contemplating bolting. "I don't ever want to go back to being that stupid girl behind the red door. All by herself."

"No one's going to-"

She sprints off across the desert, her legs hammering to escape her fear.

"You're turning soft," Sylas remarks. "The old Kayla would have beaten the answers out of her."

I watch Ryder sprint past the hills. "I'm not strong enough to do that anymore."

"That and you're starting to feel too much." He heads after Ryder. "Humanity doesn't just weaken your strength on the outside, but on the inside as well."

I shake my head. "Sylas, don't hurt her..." Maybe he's right. I am weakening on the inside. As he chases after Ryder, I turn back to Aiden, who's beginning to squirm. "Are you okay?"

Clutching his head, he sluggishly sits up. "Where is he?"

"Chasing down Ryder." I return the watch to my pocket and gaze at the sky. "Darkness is falling. We should find a place to hide."

"You'll be fine. It's the rest of us that should be running." He stands and wipes his bleeding arm on his pants. "I can't believe he bit me. He's getting way to comfortable with that."

I touch his wrist and rub my thumb across the numbers, thinking how Monarch said he messed Aiden up. I think about bringing it up, but I can't.

He shivers, his lips quiver to kiss me. "Kayla, I-"

"I think we may have figured out how to connect my memories back to me." I release his arm. "If we can get Ryder back here."

He tucks his hands behind him. "She doesn't want to be a part of it. And you know what, neither do I. Not under these circumstances. I don't want help from a Day Taker."

"He's your brother," I say. "How can you hate him so much?"

He sighs and takes my face in his hands. "You don't know him like I do. You can't remember the things he's done-the things I know he can do. He's not good, Kayla. Not at all."

"He's not entirely bad." My heart beats a lulling melody. "He's just..."

"Ruthless." He glances at my lips and his pulse pounds. "He gets inside your head and messes with how you feel. You can't forget that. It's not real. But what I feel, it's very real."

He crashes me into his chest and enfolds his arms around my waist. I stiffen, arms dangling to my side, unsure how to react. He only draws me closer. I give up and rest my head on his shoulder. Safe. That's how he makes me feel. I make him feel helpless, like he can't live without me.

And that, I realize, is why Monarch thinks I can convince him to change into a Day Taker.

I relax for moment, believing I can fix everything. Until the first vampire shriek ripples the settling night. I know we're in trouble because there's no place to hide.

Chapter 10

"Run," Aiden commands, enclosing my hand in his. "We have to get to the rocks."

I plant my feet against the ground and tug back. "I'm fine. You run. I need to find Ryder."

"She'll be fine." He reaches for my hand, desperate and anxious.

"She's not immune to their bite." I put my hand behind my back. "One bite and she's gone."

"I know how the virus works, Kayla. And we all risk getting infected." Another vampire cries and his gaze skims the shadowed land. "Even you."

"No, I don't," I say and he shoots me a puzzled look. "It turns out Monarch put immunity in me too."

He gapes at me. "You were bit and you survived?"

"That's why I can't let them fend for themselves." I pause, a revelation suddenly revealing. "I think I'm beginning to understand why Monarch might have made me this way. To protect and save the innocent."

Aiden laughs sharply and it echoes the air. "Sylas is far from innocent."

"I'm not going after Sylas. Now, go to those rocks over there and get on top of them." I point to the red rocks, lining the horizon. "I'll find Ryder and we'll meet you up there."

He shakes his head stubbornly. "I'm going with you."

I know I should tell him to stay, but I don't have time to crack him. I have to make a choice.

We sprint into the darkness as the vampires' cries quake our surroundings and our skin. I can't shake the feeling that he's running straight into his death.

"Because I messed up when I created him. I really did. And unless he changes his mind about his existence, he won't survive."

Aiden pants heavily and his pace lags. "Where'd they go exactly?"

Glancing around, all I see is impending darkness. "They ran this way, but I don't know... where would they go? Or where would Ryder go, since she was the one running."

"They're probably hiding." Aiden's at a jog and he trips over a sage bush. "Which is what we should be doing, Kayla. We really should."

My lips start to part, but fasten shut as a cluster of vampires scurry toward us. The sky is virtually black and the vamps look like deformed outlines of humans. Yet, their drooling lips, rotting flesh, and bleeding eyes give away what they really are.

"Back up." I place my arm in front of Aiden and guide him back. "You don't have any cuts on you, do you?"

"What?" He flinches at the vampires parading towards us. "Yeah... why?"

"Shit." I stagger backward as the vampires howl at the sky. "Run."

We spin and bolt, flying through the night at a pace only fear can instill. Aiden's quickly running out of breath and so am I. Forcing my lungs to breathe, I keep racing for the rocks. When I peek over my shoulder, I see them following us. They are not as quick, unable to decide if they want to run from my scent or chase the smell of Aiden's blood.

"Why are they coming after us!" He shouts, stumbling over a rock. "I thought they hated you?"

"They smell your blood." I slope around the back of a hill, power my legs up, and hurl myself onto the side of a cliff. My forehead smacks against the rough edge, and my skin splits. Blood leaks down my cheek as I climb up the cliff, scrapping my hands and knees on the jagged edges. Aiden's just below my feet, breathless and skidding, causing rocks to roll to the ground where the vampires have pooled together.

"Don't worry, they're not going to climb up," Aiden whispers as he grips onto a flat ledge. "They hate climbing."

"I'm not worried," I lie. "We'll be fine." I heave onto the top of the cliff and roll on my back, winded and exhausted.

"Ahh!" Aiden lets out a painful scream.

I clamber over and peer down, my eyes widening at the blood flowing out of his hand. A stream raindrop's to the ground and splatters on the vampires heads. The smell drives them mad and they fling against the rock. Some bounce back to the ground, but a few larger ones claw onto the side.

I reach for Aiden. He snatches my hand and I drag him over the top. We land awkwardly and his blood soaks onto my jeans. As Aiden regains his breath, I scamper to the edge of the cliff. Some of the vampires are piled at the bottom shrieking and crying. But a handful awkwardly continue up the cliff.

I need a plan. I hurry to the other side of the rock and hunt for an escape route. It's a far jump from one rock to another.

"We could climb down and sneak off," Aiden says and glances down. "Or not."

Vampires have overtaken the bottom and are searching for a way up. I do a quick circular sweep and discover we're completely surrounded.

"Kayla, we need to get off this rock," Aiden says, panicking. "Or they're going to trap us up here."

"They already have," I break the bad news to him. "Please tell me you have a knife on you?"

He takes a small one out of his pocket and hands it to me. "Where's yours?"

"Sylas has it." I dash to a large boulder, take a deep breath, and shove hard. "A little help," I grunt.

Aiden rushes over and pushes the rock. Together, we get it to slowly roll forward. It picks up speed with distance and finally takes off on its own, crackling toward the cliff.

"Brace yourself." I sprint after the rock. It sails off the side and smacks down on the vampires. Only a few fall. They shriek as their bodies break against the earth. The remaining ones are as tough as nails, eyes bleeding profusely as they corner in on us.

"Do we have a backup plan?" Aiden asks as he ties a piece of his torn shirt around the cut on his hand.

My eyes skim our surroundings and a hopeless feeling consumes me. As the vamps reach the top, the feeling multiplies.

"Stay behind me," I hiss at Aiden as I slink back from the vampires heaving over the ledge.

His eyes are wide and his heart rate is fierce. His hands fall to his side and he stands frozen in horror.

"Aiden!" My voice is sharp and it cuts through his daze. "Get behind me. Now."

He shakes his head, unblinking. "No, it's me they want." He steps toward the vampires.

I shove him back. "Don't do anything stupid."

A shriek crackles at my back and I whirl, knife out, ready to battle. A vampire closes in, eyes oozing with murder. Tilting its head to the side, it contemplates whether to eat me or not. Its shoulders twitch and its lips coil at the smell of Aiden's blood all over me.

I inch away, until my back bumps against Aiden. He faces the vampires on the other side of the cliff. I reflect back to my Bellator training. I may be weaker now, but there has to be something I can use. Steadiness, gracefulness, calmness. I take a deep breath and poise the knife in front of me. My eyes focus on the vampire. It attacks me, fangs snapping. I swipe the knife, gashing its chest.

Blood and pus ooze from the wound. It lets out a shrill cry and shrivels to a pile of bones. I smile, until more proceed onto the top of the rock. I check over my shoulder and flip us around, stabbing a vampire who was just about to bite into Aiden.

The tip of the blade ends up in the vampire's eye. I quickly jerk it out and aim for its heart. But it knocks my hand away and shoves me to the ground. The knife slips from my fingers and Aiden scrambles to get it. A vampire catches his ankle and points its teeth at his leg. I swing my leg over and kick it in the face over and over again with the heel of my boot. It releases Aiden and directs its attention to me. I jump to my feet, but I'm slammed from the back hard. I feel its teeth enter my neck. My veins ignite with fire and my eyelids want to shut. But I won't give up.

I'll never give up until I die.

I ram my elbow into its skull and break free. Then tackle one about to devour Aiden. We roll to the ground and its decaying flesh presses against my face. I fight to trap it down, grabbing its arms and pinning them to the side. But my energy drains. My head bobbles forward, my chin smacking into my neck. The vampire strikes me across the face with its head and I soar to the side. I blink up at the dark sky, dazed from the bites.

"Kayla!" Aiden yells, fearing I'm dead.

I roll over and push up. After a few stumbles, I gain my balance. But they're everywhere. Next to me, in front of me, climbing over the rocks. Three have Aiden trapped at the edge of the cliff and he's either going to fall or be bit.

I shake my heavy head and move for him. My steps are sluggish and blurry colors and shapes have overcome my vision. I'm struck from the side and another bite enters my neck.

"Listen to me, Kayla," Monarch says. "No matter what happens, you can't give up. Sometimes it'll seem impossible, but you can make it through anything."

I roll over, searching for Aiden, but smoke envelopes everything. It tastes and smells like silver. I wonder if I'm hallucinating. But Sylas' face appears above me and he lifts me to my feet.

"Did you get Aiden?" I cough.

"Ryder did." He hacks from the silver laced in the smoke and he pulls the collar of his shirt over his nose and mouth.

We run, hopping over unconscious vampire bodies and lower down over the ledge. Sylas stays to the side of me, and has to catch me more than a few times. When my feet touch the bottom, he takes my hand and we run, through the smoke as fast as we can.

The smoke's thick and I don't know where we're heading. All I can hope is that he does. Eventually the smoke lifts and the dark desert land clears into view. We curve to left and tuck ourselves into the hills. I limp to keep up with him as he weaves around a maze of rocks. At the end, is a small, narrow cave where Aiden and Ryder are huddled in the corner, a tiny flashlight the only source of light in the dark cave.

Aiden's arm is scraped raw and his cheek is sliced open. Ryder is doting over him, turning his head from side to side.

"None of these are bites right?" Ryder panics. "They're just cuts?"

Behind me, Sylas effortlessly rolls a boulder in front of the entrance, shutting out the outside world. Then he faces the corner and hacks the remaining silver from his lungs, spewing all over the ground.

"I'm fine," Aiden reassures Ryder and gives her hand a soft pat. "They're not bites. Just cuts." His eyes drift to me. "Are you okay? How many times did you get... bit?"

I cover the one on my wrist. "Only once. And I'm fine."

Sylas sweeps my hair to the side and his voice is muffled. "There are two on your neck." He uncovers my hand. "And that one makes three."

"I'm fine," I promise. "I just need to sit down for a minute."

He watches me hobble to the wall and slide to the ground. I let my head fall back, still feeling his eyes on me, as if he's waiting for me to turn into a flesh eating beast. I wonder if there's a limit of bites I can endure before my body gives up on protecting me. I wonder what it feels like to turn. Of course, it doesn't matter if I turn because I know Sylas will kill me. But he'll have to go up against Aiden, who's already envisioning ways to save me.

"I'm fine," I repeat. "It just took a lot out of me."

Ryder wipes the blood from Aiden's cheek with the sleeve of her black shirt. "I'm lucky I took a silver grenade with me. Otherwise..." her muffled cries congest the cave.

Sylas checks my neck again. "Are you sure you're okay?"

"I just need to sleep," I lie. Then I rest my head on the dirt. "I just need to..." With no restraint left, the darkness sucks me away.

Whether I'm changing or dying, I don't know. I only hope for the latter.

Chapter 11

My feet rise to the sky as I swing back and forth. A gentle breeze lulls through my hair and the warm sun kisses my cheeks. The green grass stretches before me and the vibrant trees dance.

"Higher!" I shout and laugh, throwing my head back. Someone gives me a gentle shove and I launch toward the sky. Another laugh escapes me and someone chuckles from behind me.

"I'm glad you're so easily entertained," Sylas whispers in my ear.

I laugh again and he spins the swing so I face him. He slides his hands up the chains and holds the swing still. He's maybe thirteen years old, and his dark eyes are livelier. His hair's a little longer and his legs are a little shorter, but a devious look still guises his face.

"Why are you so nice to me?" My hands hook the chains. "You're not nice to anyone else."

He considers this. "I think it's your smile. It wins me over every time."

I let my smile broaden. "I think it's because you like me."

His eyes flash in the sunlight as his forehead creases over. "Don't let him take that from you. Ever. Okay?"

I nod. "I won't."

He laughs to himself and then gives the swing a whirl. I let my legs soar out as the world spins and I think about what it would be like to fly away from this horrible place that takes away my mind, body, and spirit.

"You know what," I say. "I think it might be my birthday today."

"I was waiting for you to remember." He stops the swing again. "Close your eyes," he instructs. I hesitate and he adds. "I promise I won't hurt you."

"I know." I shut my eyes and hold my breath, my heart leaping in my throat.

Sylas' heart is steady as he fumbles around. "Okay, open them." A bright red object rests in the palm of his hand.

"What is it?" I wonder curiously.

He takes my hand from the chain and sets the red object in it. It's fragile and soft against my skin. "It's called a flower," Sylas says proudly.

I touch it gently and the texture reminds me of powder. "Where did you get it?" I sniff it. "It smells good."

His grin expands. "Now what would be the fun in telling you?"

I frown. "Sylas, if you keep wandering off, Monarch is going to-"

He puts his finger to my lips, shushing me. "Quit worrying about me."

"Sylas! Kayla!"

Our heads snap over to a brick building. A dome tent canopies the front and under it stands Monarch. His anger burns as he stomps over, red faced and ready to scream.

I vault out of the swing and step protectively in front of Sylas. "It's my fault. I made him come out here with me."

Monarch's grey eyes are cold and his white coat is blemished with various colors. His gaze darts to the flower in my hand and he quickly confiscates it. "Where did you get this?"

"I... I found it in the grass," I lie with a shrug. "It looked pretty so I picked it up."

He shakes his head and his eyes pierce Sylas. "You did this."

Sylas doesn't protest, already giving up, and Monarch grabs his shoulder roughly. I open my mouth, but Sylas shakes his head at me. Monarch shoves him for the canopy.

"I'm very disappointed in you, Kayla," he says sharply. "You should have come straight to me when he gave this to you."

I stare at the flower in his hand. "It was a present."

Monarch shakes his head disappointedly. Then he smashes the flower in his hand, breaking it into pieces. He opens his hand and tiny red flakes float to the grass.

"No matter what I do, I just can't get that right with you." He turns to Sylas. "And you're a lost cause... always breaking the rules. How many are we up to now? Five-six injections. By the time they get done with you, you're going to be as doped up as the lab rats. If you'd just quit breaking the rules, then I wouldn't have a problem."

He pulls Sylas by the arm and heads for the building, leaving me alone with my ruined present. I stare at the pieces of the flower for a long time. Even when the sky shades and the screams fill the air.

***

When I wake up, the cave is soundless, the flashlight is flickering, and my hair is stuck to my sweaty forehead. I wipe the sweat off and drape my arm over my head. Why do I keep seeing things that happen in the outside world? And why is there sunlight?

"You're awake." Sylas' voice fills up my thoughts.

I roll to my side. He's lying within arm's reach, staring up at the ceiling with his arms behind his head. "How long was I out?" I ask.

"Not very long... What were you dreaming about?"

"I wasn't dreaming," I say. "I was remembering things."

"Oh yeah," he remarks. "Did you remember anything good?"

"No, not really." I pause, my loud breathing stuffing up the cave. "Well, except for maybe a red flower."

The muscles in his arms tense, but he pretends to be unbothered. "Hmm... it doesn't sound like a very good memory to me."

I have this sudden urge to touch him, but the intense emotions emanating from him stop me.

"What did he do to you?" I push up on my elbows. "You say we were experiments, but what I see is just plain torture. Why did he make you suffer so much?"

Sylas turns his head. "Who are you talking about?"

I trace my finger in the dirt. "Monarch."

He doesn't blink. "Why did he make you suffer so much?"

"I can't remember that much yet," I say.

"Neither can I." But he can. He can remember pain. Pain that he'll always carry with him.

"Perhaps it's time I remembered for the both of us then." I stand up and head for Ryder, who's lying next to Aiden, snoring. "You want to help me with this?"

"Nah." He rolls over facing the entrance of the cave. "I think I've done my good deeds for the day."

I shake my head and soundlessly step over Aiden. I pull my hair back, take out the pocket watch, and aspire for a plan where no one will get hurt.

"Hey, you're awake" Aiden strokes my leg. He sits up, rubbing his eyes. "What are you doing?" He sees the watch in my hand. "Kayla, don't. Just let her sleep."

I tuck the watch behind my back. "Aiden, it's time. I know what I have to do-what we have to do."

He crosses his arms. "I'm not doing anything. I already told you I'm not one of Monarch's soldiers anymore. I made that choice a long time ago."

"Even if it means you'll die," I finally say.

But he already knows. "Even if it means I die, yes, I'm not becoming a Day Taker."

I enclose my fingers around the watch. "Aiden, it's not just about being Monarch's soldier. It's about the truth. It's about a world full of sunshine and green grass. It's about life."

"What have you seen?" He picks up the flashlight and shines it in my face. "A lot, I'm guessing."

"But not enough." I sigh, blocking the light with my hand. "I have to fix this, Aiden."

"You think you have to fix the world because that's what Monarch programmed you to think. If you could just see past him, you'd realize that living your life is what's important."

"That's what I'm trying to figure out. Where my life-where everyone's lives went. Things used to be so different. And we were alive to see it, even though we were always told we weren't."

He sets the flashlight on the ground and guides me down by my hips. He pulls me onto his lap, so I'm straddling him. "Just because things were different, doesn't mean they were better."

"I don't agree with you." I set my hands on his shoulders. "They killed everyone on the hillside, Aiden. The Highers' death and control isn't just limited to The Colony."

"That's because Dominic is a traitor," he breathes bitterly. "He turned over our location to the Highers."

"What?" My jaw drops. "How did you find this out?"

Ryder rolls over and her hand searches for Aiden as she mutters in her sleep.

"Maci," Aiden whispers. "She said she saw-well in her head she saw Dominic make a bargain with them. He'd tell them where we-where you were-and in return they'd take him back to The Colony."

I remember my brief visit with the old man vaguely. "But he hated Highers. He kept talking about them being against nature and needing to die."

"Well, he must have had a change of heart." He swallows hard and hugs me closer. "Kayla, I'm so sorry."

I press my lips together. "For what?"

"For telling Dominic what I saw you do that night-when you scared off dozens of vampires. If I never told him, then he never would have become interested in you. He knew there was something about you that the Highers wanted."

"But why would he want to go back to The Colony," I wonder. "It's horrible there. And he was so against the Highers."

"Could you two keep it down over there," Sylas mutters, irritated. "Some of us are trying to sleep."

"You're not," I retort over my shoulder. "You never sleep. You're just pretending you are."

Aiden tucks a finger under my chin and turns my head to him. "Hey, just ignore him, okay? He's just trying to get to you."

"Like you need to tell her that." Sylas snort a laugh. "And I think the only person I'm getting to is you."

Aiden lifts me from his lap and gets up. Sylas matches his move and they meet each other in the middle of the cave. Testosterone pours off of them as they clench their fists, ready for a smack down. I'm going to let them do it, because it distracts them from what I'm doing.

I crawl over to Ryder and take the knife out of my back pocket. "I'm sorry," I whisper before vaulting on her.

Her eyes sprout open and her body shudders. I position the knife to her throat and say in calm voice, "Don't even think about screaming."

She glowers at me, hating me, but keeps her mouth shut.

"Good," I say. "Now tell me what I need to do to get my memories out of Aiden's head and into mine."

"I'm going to kill you for this," she snarls, but she's lying. She doesn't have murder in her. "I swear I will, Kayla."

"No you won't." I tip the blade closer to her throat. "And you're right to be afraid of me. I'm dangerous. Now tell me what I want to know."

Her lips quiver and a tear slips down her cheek. "Put the watch to the back of my neck and hold it there for as long as it takes."

"As long as it takes for what?"

"You'll know when it happens." She's scared to death.

I feel bad, just not enough to stop. I align the pocket watch with the red circle on the back of her neck.

"Please, don't do it," she begs though her sobs. "You don't know how bad it is for me."

I hesitate. "Then explain it to me."

"I can't." Tears spill from her eyes. "I really can't."

"Then I'm sorry." I force the watch against her neck and the metal warms. It singes my flesh and I bite down on my lip to stifle the scream clawing up my throat. My hand spasms and my knees shake. But I refuse to pull it back. Sylas and Aiden argue in the background, growling words of hate. Ryder's eyes zip from side to side and then her head joins in. Bright blue rays of light shoot out from her neck and connect with the watch. It heats hotter than fire and instinctively, I drop the watch.

Ryder's silent, her eyes close, her heart lifeless.

"Ryder?" I pat her cheek, trying to wake her. "Ryder, can you hear me."

"What did you do to her?" Aiden puts his hand on Ryder's cheek, his eyes full of fire. "Kayla, you killed her!"

"She's not dead," I fib, guilt washing over me. "She's just unconscious."

His fingers tremble to feel her pulse. "No, no, no. You killed her."

I back away, shaking my head. "No, I didn't. No..." But her heart's not beating. I want to run. I want to flee from everything I'm feeling. I bump into Sylas and he encloses his arms around me, like he knows what I'm thinking.

"Just give her a minute." He nods his head at Ryder. "I'm sure she'll come around."

We wait, listening to the vampires' cry just outside the cave.

"Come on, Ryder," Aiden pleads in a whisper. For a second, he wants to hurt me for hurting her.

Suddenly, Ryder's eyes flinch open. She sucks in a huge breath of air and sits up. Her pupils are dilated so large her eyes are black. "Moartea," she breathes and her pupils target Aiden. "Monstru."

"What is she saying?" I ask Sylas.

"She called him a monster," he explains. "And she warns us all of death."

"She knows the Highers' language then," I say, remembering that I spoke it once, yet I still don't understand it.

"I don't think she's Ryder at the moment," Sylas says nonchalantly. "She crossed over into the Highers' world."

Aiden scowls at Sylas and then he leans closer to Ryder. "Can you hear me?" He cups her cheek. "Please come back to us."

"You guys need to think of her as in the state right between when your memories are being erased and when you revive from them." Sylas tightens his arms around me. "The time when your mind is weak and vulnerable."

I elbow him away. "Let's just get this over with."

Aiden jumps in front of me and thrust his hand out, nearly hitting me. "You're not going near her."

"Aiden." I stand firm. "Move out of my way. I'm not going to hurt her. I just need her help."

"She's already hurt," he snaps. "This is hurting her. Can't you see that?"

"No, she can't feel a thing," I lie, losing count of the number of lies I've told for the day.

He points at my arm. "You're lying. You just scratched your wrist."

I look down and my hand is itching away. I hide them behind my back. "Aiden, either you can move out of my way on your own or I'll make you move."

Aiden fears the thought, but he cares for Ryder too much to back down. "Then I guess you'll have to make me."

Sylas is ecstatic over the situation. "I have never seen you two fight like this," he comments. "It's pretty entertaining."

I glare at him. "Shut up. You're not helping."

"If you wanted my help, all you have to do is ask." He strolls forward eagerly.

I lay my hand against his chest and secure him back. "I can handle this. You stay back."

"Are you sure?" He smirks.

I nod and turn to Aiden, crossing my arms as I deliberate what to do. Slam him down, knock him unconscious.

He folds his arms and stands with confidence. "Juniper," he says in angelic voice. "I know you won't hurt me."

The rays emitting from Ryder's neck flicker. Time's running out and a choice needs to be made. Like the soldier Monarch built me to be, I tackle Aiden. But our strengths match and he manages to detain us from falling to the ground. His boots skid against the dirt as he forces me backward.

"Juniper, knock it off," he grunts, red faced. "This isn't you."

"How do you know?" I push back. "I don't even know who I am."

"Yes, you do." He twirls me around and his arms sneak around my stomach. "And this isn't it."

"Maybe it is," I huff and stomp on his foot. "Maybe you just never wanted to see what I really was."

"I know you better than anyone." He stiffens in pain, but doesn't let me go. "And the Kayla I know is kind and... and she loves me."

"I can't love someone I barely know," I breathe softly. "I'm sorry, but I can't feel it."

He embraces me tighter, refusing to let go. I meet Sylas' eyes and regrettably mouth, a little help please.

His eyes twinkle as he pops his neck and knuckles. "I thought you'd never ask."

In a flash, he's next to us. Before Aiden can react, he bashes him over the head with his elbow. Aiden collapses to the dirt. In reaction, I catch him. But he pulls me down with him and his heavy limbs confine me to the floor.

I try to scoot out from under him. "Sylas, a little help please."

He rolls his eyes and hauls Aiden off. "You're starting to ask for my help a lot."

Ignoring him, I sit in front of Ryder. She stares at the wall blankly and the circle on her neck is faded to a dull glow. "Ryder." I snap my fingers in front of her face. "Can you hear me?"

She cocks her head to the side. "Monstru."

"She called you a monster." Sylas bends down and claps his hands inches from Ryder's face. "Ryder, give Kayla's memories back."

Astonishingly, Ryder listens to him. She reaches her hand out and places it to my temple. Then with her free hand, she gently touches Aiden's arm.

"Conecta," she whispers.

There's a flash of blue light so blinding I soar backward.

Sylas' face appears above me. "Do you remember anything yet?"

"No," I say mutely. "I don't."

Because all that fills me is blood. Blood that stains my hands. Blood from the lives I took.

Chapter 12

I'm standing in a glass cage, fenced by others just like it. My hands are pressed against the glass as I stare at a girl trapped in the cage across from mine. Her skin's like snow, her hair like ash. She's crying, tears staining her cheeks and eyes. Outside the glass, Watchers roam, dressed in their black suits, masks concealing their identities. Belts strap their waists, securing Tasers.

Up and down, up and down, I watch them march, never taking my eyes off them.

"Kayla." Monarch's voice drifts through my cell. I glance up at the white ceiling, at a speaker mounted in the concrete. "Do you think you can try for me one more time?"

I nod, numbly. A beep and the door to my cell glides open. A Watcher steps in and I robotically show him the numbers on my wrists, like I've done it a thousand times. He scans my wrists with a hand-held machine and the screen glows red. The Watcher steps aside and I troop out. The girl across from me sobs hysterically and I consider shutting her up in ways I didn't think were possible.

Sharply turning to the right, I march down the long, narrow hall squared with glass cages. Some are empty, others hold people. Some are crying, some dazed, others are asleep. I focus on the red door at the end. Above it, reads Cell 7 and I read it like it is the most natural thing in the world. When I reach it, I know it's time. The Watcher slides a card through the ID scanner. It flashes red and beeps twice. Then the door clicks open. The Watcher backs away and I enter. The room is a square sheet of concrete and chains hang from the walls and ceiling. Blood stains the floors and walls. There are no screams, no noise, not even the beat of my heart.

I walk to a circle in the center of the room and stand with my arms slack to my side. Then I wait, unafraid. From the hall to my right, two figures descend. One stands tall, the other dragging their feet. Their heart's pounding and fear leaks off them, tainting the air.

Monarch enters the room and beside him is a girl maybe twelve-years-old. Her blond hair is tied in knots and her blue eyes are bloodshot. She blinks at me, hopeful. But something in my expression sets her off and she starts to bawl. She falls to her knees and drops her hands over her head.

"Please don't hurt me," she cries, her shoulders trembling. "I didn't do anything."

"No one said you did," Monarch's voice is harsh-this is not the Monarch I know. "But we all have to make sacrifices. Kayla, whenever you're ready."

I inch forward, my eyes targeted on the girl.

"And whatever you do," Monarch backs up to the wall, "don't mess it up this time. Remember, this girl is not your friend. She is your enemy. You will not back down this time."

I shake my head. "No, I won't." I creep forward and stare down at the girl. Feelings of guilt and a heavy conscious rise in me, but I shove them away. I grab the girl by the hair and hesitate.

"Turn it off," Monarch commands. "Don't let it get to you."

I nod and attack. I'm aware of every detail in the horrible crime I commit. When I'm finished, I back away with the girl's blood on my hands. Monarch proudly smiles, but sadness hues his eyes.

"Very good." He nods and motions at the door at a group of people in white coats. There are ten maybe twelve of them-short, fat, bald, male, female-all kinds of varieties, but each one of them wants the same thing. They want to be like me. I recognize one in particular. Dominic. Only he has fewer wrinkles and more color to his hair.

"You think the virus is ready then?" A taller one with a crew cut asks. "You think it's finally perfected?"

Monarch gestures his hand at me. "If she's not proof enough, then I don't know what is."

A woman with glasses framing her narrow face nods excitedly. "Then it's time." She pens a few notes on her clipboard.

A shorter man with a bald head steps forward, his eyes disagreeable, "You said it was perfected the last time and it wasn't."

Monarch gestures at me. "Do you see her flesh decomposing? Her eyes bleeding? Do you see her feel anything but to obey?"

"Well, we don't want to obey," he says and the rest of the white-coat group is suddenly paying full attention. "We want to control."

"Oh, I can assure you she can control," Monarch says. "But if you want, I can show you."

The man eyes Monarch warily. "Fine, show me."

Monarch steps aside and motions the man to step forward. "Whenever you're ready."

The man reverses, taken back. "You want her to try and kill me?"

Monarch slips his coat off and drops it to the floor. "No, I want you to try and kill me."

The man hesitates, glancing at his colleagues for assistance.

"What's the matter, Gabrielle?" Monarch asks. "Afraid I might get the best of you."

Gabrielle shucks off his coat, balls it up, and throws it in the corner. "It's not you I'm worried about."

The men grin at each other and I step back robotically, giving them room to circle each other. They hunch over with their fists out-they are completely inexperienced fighters. Gabrielle takes the first jab and Monarch ducks.

Gabrielle laughs. "Nice move."

Monarch grins and Gabrielle slams his fist straight into Monarch's cheekbone. His head knocks back and blood splashes from his mouth. Monarch spits out a tooth and raises his fists.

"You're not done?" Gabrielle questions with a smile.

"I told you to try and kill me," Monarch says. "Not knock me around a little."

Gabrielle shrugs and then lunges, cupping his hands around Monarch's neck. My foot inches forward, debating whether to help.

Gabrielle's knuckles whiten as he chokes the life from Monarch. Monarch clutches his arms, gasping, eyes bulging, his skin a pasty white. My other foot glides forward as I wonder if Monarch is hurt.

Gabrielle tightens his grip. "Had enough yet?"

"Never," Monarch chokes, his heart murmuring. He reaches his last breath and that's when I realize I can't watch it. Dashing for him, I slam Gabrielle to the ground. He flips to his back, his green eyes glistened with panic.

Fangs slip from my lips and I tip my head back, growling

"Kayla," he says. "I wasn't going to hurt him. I swear."

"You're lying," I say and sink my fangs violently into his neck, drinking his blood until Monarch pulls me off.

"That's enough, Kayla." His eyes are soft and he wipes a smudge of blood from my forehead.

Gabrielle sits up, pressing his hand to the bleeding wound on his neck. "She bit me. Monarch, what did you do to me?"

"You tell me?" Monarch asks. "Can you feel it?"

He eyes over his skin as the creases erase. Then he touches his heart and his eyes lit up. "Monarch, you're brilliant."

Monarch gives Gabrielle his hand and helps him to his feet. "Then it's ready."

Monarch nods and the rest of the white-coats file out of the room. Gabrielle's still shaking his head in disbelief. Monarch shuts the door and his expression twists in puzzlement as he touches his neck where Gabrielle's handprints imprint his skin.

I stand emotionless, blood dripping from my hands, trying not to think about everything I've done.

"You can go back to your room, Kayla." Monarch meets my eyes. "You did very well today."

I wait for the red door to open. A Watcher's waiting for me on the other side, breathing heavily through his mask. He shuts the door and I follow him back to my cell, leaving a path of blood behind me. I step in and the door shuts. I stare straight ahead at the sobbing pale girl, only she's no longer sobbing. Her chest rises and falls as she breathes rapidly. Her heart pumps hard until it stops pumping altogether. Her lips start to drool and she peels a chunk of her skin off. Her eyes bleed as she gazes at me. Then she rams into the glass over and over again, beating herself raw. She bangs her head, screams, rips out her hair until two Watchers appear with a Taser attached to a long metal pole. They crack the door open and shock the girl over and over again. She collapses to the floor and her eyes roll into the back of her head. They carry her out and I keep my gaze fixated on her all the way to the end, where they disappear behind the red door.

I move to the corner of the cell, lie down, and cradle my knees to my chest. I stare at the wall as time drifts by, wishing I was the one being tasered and carried away.

Chapter 13

I'm lying in the exact same position as in the memory. My eyes are open, knees pulled close. I hear Ryder, Aiden, and Sylas talking, but I don't budge. Perhaps if I stay motionless then I don't have to accept reality.

Aiden steps around and sees that I'm awake. He crouches down in front of me and smoothes my sweaty hair back. "Are you okay?"

He knows what I did. He's been carrying the memories in his head. He knows I once had fangs, once used them to bite Gabrielle. Once killed a girl with my bare hands.

"Kayla," he speaks my name again. "Can you hear me?"

Our hearts beat thunder. Thump, thump, thump.

"Kayla." The panic in his tone snaps me out of it.

I sit up and lean away. "I'm fine. Quit worrying."

He doesn't believe me. "Which one did you see?"

"One that wasn't important." My eyes dry out as I refuse to blink.

"Everything Monarch put in my head was important," Aiden says. "And hard to watch."

"Is there another way to get behind the red door?" I ask, changing the subject. "Or is there another red door somewhere."

"It's another entrance." There's a shift in his expression when he realizes the memory I witnessed. "Kayla, I-"

Cutting him off, I hop to my feet and direct my attention to Sylas, who doesn't know what I did. "You got in The Colony somehow, right? Did you... did you walk through a room with glass cages?"

Sylas has the flashlight shined in Ryder's eyes. Her pupils have returned to specks again and the glow from her neck has dissipated.

He turns, spotting the light in my eyes. "I already told you I don't remember how I got in."

"Well, think about it really hard." I shield my eyes. "It's important."

He lowers the flashlight and flips the pocket watch in his hand. "Kayla, if I knew, I'd tell you."

Aiden gives a clipped laugh. "Yeah, because you're the most cooperative person there is."

"I never said I was." Sylas puts the watch in his pocket. "But I do want to figure this out. Something you don't want to do."

"I think this room with the glass cages might be where the virus was created. I think it might be able to get us some answers," I say, talking over them. "I think we need to figure out how to get there."

"Kayla," Aiden's voice is sympathetic, "As much as I'd love to help, I haven't been there before."

I glance at Ryder and she shakes her head. "I was always kept in the chains, or in the back room with Aiden."

My gaze lands on Sylas and he casually shakes his head. "Sorry, can't help you," he says, hiding something away inside him.

I stare at him for almost an eternity. He stares back, unaffected by my attempt to weasel into his mind.

"I think we should go back to the cave for a while," Aiden announces. "I'm sure Greyson, Cedrix, and Maci are wondering where we are."

"I doubt they are," Sylas says, flicking the flashlight on and off. "Since you were headed to the city and it takes a while to get there."

"We need to get to the glass room." I steal the flashlight from Sylas and beam it at the exit. "I wonder if it's morning yet."

Aiden steps into the light. "You don't need to do anything. You're free now and you can do whatever you want."

I'm not free. My memories and actions will imprison me for the rest of my existence, especially if what I'm thinking is correct. "It's where the virus started-I can feel it. And in order to fix everything, I have to go back to the beginning."

Aiden shakes his head, disgusted. "You sound just like Monarch."

I shrug and head for the boulder. "You guys can do whatever you want. I'm going back to the city."

"I'm going back to the cave," Ryder says. "And without me, you can't get any more of your memories back."

Slowly, I turn, spotting her with the light. "What are you talking about?"

She dusts the dirt and twigs out of her matted hair. "I didn't give you all your memories back. Just one of them." She crosses her arms and raises her chin defiantly. "You may think you control everything, but you don't. I can choose which ones to give you and how many."

"I can think of a few ways to make you," I say.

"Do whatever you want, hurt me, threaten me, but it's not any worse than when I have to be that way." She stalks forward, getting in my face. "Do you have any idea what that's like? To completely lose control over your mind and body."

"I think I can picture it," I mutter. "How did you get like that?"

She scratches absentmindedly at the marks on her arms. "I don't know."

"Maybe you should try to remember," I entice. "Perhaps it would help."

Suddenly, she's inches away from my face, pulsating with anger. "I do remember, Kayla. I remember too well what my life was like back then. Every single day I was locked in chains, all by myself, with no one to talk to. I spent years like that. Unlike you three, who were his prize experiments-the ones he saw as useful. All I am is a tool to assist you." She breathes violently and lifts her arm, showing me her experiment number. "See this little thing right here-see how short it is. That's because I wasn't considered special and got the crap end of the deal."

"I'm not sure what kind of deal you think the rest of us got." Sylas leans over her shoulder. "But I can assure you it was just as crappy."

She elbows him in the gut. "Whatever. I'm going back to the cave." She fumes for the entrance.

Aiden blocks her, catching her in his arms. "It's going to be okay," he tells her. "We'll go back to the cave. Let's just make sure it's morning first." He looks at me for help. "Kayla, can you check?"

I look at Ryder, her designed arms, her matted hair, the circle on her neck. She has what I want, and not just because I need to save the world. I need my memories so I know what else I've done.

"Not until she gives me all my memories," I threaten. "Then I'll check."

He releases Ryder. "Kayla, just come back with us. Maci really misses you and it's safer for you there."

"But it might not be safe for you guys," I say.

Aiden shakes his head and takes a cautious step for me. "That wasn't you, Kayla. Monarch made you do it."

A hideous feeling scratches in my stomach. I contemplate my options. As hard as it is to see my memories, I need to remember everything, so I can put my life together and figure out my purpose. "Okay, I'll go with you, but just for a while until I can plan my next move."

"Great." He grins, excited to leave.

That's when I feel the bundle of lies roll off him. He's hiding something back at the cave, something he doesn't want me to discover. Yet he still wants me to go with him, he needs me with him, afraid he's losing me to his brother.

"Let's get going." He waves his hand, shooing us out the cave. "Sylas, it's been great seeing you, but it's time for you to head back to your pack."

"Like I'm going to let you take her," he says, amused at the idea. "Do you understand how valuable she is? How much good she could do if she changes? She's immune, she can walk with the vampires-they fear her. She needs to go through with it and become a Day Taker. If she's with you, that's never going to happen."

"I'm going to go back to the cave." I start for the boulder, taking in Sylas' point. "You guys can do whatever you want." Pushing until my skin dampens with sweat, I manage to crack the boulder from the wall. Greyness capes the sky and the land lights up beneath it. "We're good." I roll the rock over and step out.

I'm on a mission now, with or without anyone's help. I will get my memories back. I will find the room with glass cages where I'm fairly sure the virus was created. If that's where the virus started, then there's got to be a cure. I will save the world. Then maybe I can erase some of the death stained on my hands.

Ryder follows me out and sighs at the sight of morning. She tips her head back and breathes in the fresh air. Aiden joins us, stretching his hands over his head. Sylas remains in the cave and I don't look back at him. I head down the hill, hoping he'll follow us. I won't ask him to come, but I want him to. I might need his help, and for some reason that I don't understand, the idea of him leaving rattles me.

"I'm glad we're back together again," Aiden says thoughtfully observing the sky. "It hasn't been the same since you left."

"I was only with you a few days before I left," I point out. "So it should be like what it's always been."

"Which is good," Ryder mumbles, pissed I'm going with them. "Disaster is your middle name, isn't it? It's your fault everyone at the hillside had to die."

We all grow silent. Ryder picks up her pace, anxious to distance herself from me.

Aiden sighs. "She'll get over it. I promise one day you two will be friends."

Aiden lives in a delusional world.

"No, we won't," I say. "She blames me for the things done to her."

Aiden gapes at me. "No she doesn't. She just doesn't understand you and the things you can do."

"Neither do you," I say, kicking up dirt with my boots. "And I'm beginning to think no one understands me, except Monarch."

"Only because he created you. And he doesn't know the real you, the one not doped up on medicine and drugs and being controlled. I used to know you better than anyone."

"When we were little and hiding out behind trees making plans to run away?"

He perks up. "You remember that?"

"Yeah," I nod. "I also remember a fire and you burning in it."

He shakes his head. "I didn't burn in it, Kayla." He takes a slow inhale through his nose, fighting his racing heart. "You saw it wrong. They were weeding some of us out of Cell 7."

"Why would they burn you out?" I hold his gaze, aware of his lie.

He swallows hard, observing the ground. "I'm going to go check on Ryder."

"You better be up to something good." Sylas breath is hot against my ear.

My shoulder jolts upward and bumps him in the chin. "I'm not up to anything... And I thought you were heading back to the city."

"You think I'm going to let you just walk away," he says, his dark gaze piercing beneath the shadow of his hood. "I spent days trying to chase you down and then you end up walking right into my hands."

"Why am I so important to you? Or better yet, why is following Monarch's orders so important to you?" I ask over my shoulder. "From what I've seen, Monarch was horrible to you."

"Why are you so determined to follow them?" He cocks an eyebrow. "He was the worst to you."

I scratch the numbers across my wrist. "Maybe, but he's all I know."

"He's all we all know, but only because he made it that way." He pauses, tucking his hands higher in his sleeves. "Besides, I'm not following his orders, I just want to know if there's a way to reverse the vampire disease. And if we stray from what Monarch told us, I could really care less."

I rub dirt out of my eye. "Sylas, where did the Highers come from? Were they part of the virus? Or something entirely different?"

He stares at the ground. "I think you already know the answer to that."

"It was me," I say softly. "I made them who they are."

He turns my head to meet his eyes. "No, Monarch created the Higher strand. You were used as a tool to test it on."

"So it's in me," I breathe, staring wide-eyed at the hills. "I'm one of them."

'I'm not sure," he says truthfully and pauses. "I can take it away for a while, if you want."

"Take what away?" I ask, distracted.

"The pain you're feeling."

"I'm not in pain," I lie.

He shrugs, crosses his arms, and watches Ryder and Aiden chat in hushed voices. "Care to share what you picked up on him?"

"Why? So you can find another excuse to start a fight with him," I say. "For the moment, I need him to think I believe him, otherwise I can't trick the truth out of him."

"You're evil." He winks at me and drags his fingers across his lip, like he's zipping them shut. "I promise I won't say a word."

I let out a breath and fall back into stride with him. "He's hiding something at the cave that he really doesn't want me to find, which only makes me want to find it. And besides, Maci is there and I don't want to just leave her behind."

"The little girl who can see the future," Sylas clarifies, tucking his chin down as the light becomes too hot.

"You know her?" I ask. "How?"

"You saw for yourself that I've been to The Colony." He glances behind him, longing for the shade. "A warning, though. You might want to find out what you're walking into. Just because Aiden seems good on the outside, doesn't mean he won't do what he has to do to get what he wants."

"But what does he want?" I wonder, watching Aiden put his arm around Ryder. "He seems so content with his life, even after everyone he cares about died. It seems like he'd want to end this all. It makes absolutely no sense to me."

"That's because you're you," he points out. "And he's different from you, whether he wants to accept it or not."

"But I wasn't always like this." My eyebrows knit together. "I had to be different or else he wouldn't have ever loved me."

"We were all different at one time or another, Kayla." He wraps his arms around himself, the afternoon simmering at his skin. "Aiden's just lucky because he didn't lose himself completely, like you and me, who have blood stained all over our hands."

Before I can respond, he speeds up, leaving me in a track of dust. A knot builds in my stomach. I squirm, unsettled by the nervous feeling that I may not be the only murderer wandering around.

"Kayla, you're concentrating on all the wrong problems," Monarch whispers. "Set who you used to be aside, and focus on fixing the world. You're going to mess this up."

"You already did," I whisper to no one but myself.

Chapter 14

One argument and two fights later, we arrive the hillside that once used to be Aiden and Ryder's home. They refuse to walk by it, fearing that Highers might be there. Plus, they don't want to feel the pain of the memories the place carries.

Aiden is irritated that Sylas is with us, but there's nothing he can do about it. Sylas is strong, quick, and could beat the living daylights out of all three of us without blinking an eye. I decide to risk the chance of walking through the ruins, but only so I can have a private conversation with Sylas.

I dip down the hill and walk the line by the rocky hill.

"This place smells like death," Sylas remarks, observing the ashes littering the ground.

"We need to come up with a plan." I kick a piece of wood out of my path. "About what we're going to do when we get to the cave."

Sylas picks up a can of food and shakes it. "They say they're out of food, but only because they're too scared to look for it."

"That's not all they're afraid of." I inch closer to him and drop my voice. "The closer we get to the cave, the more fear I feel from Aiden."

"And you're sharing this with me because..."

"Because I need your help with something."

He considers this with amusement. "And you think I'd help you because..."

My hand twitches, thinking of the days when I didn't have to ask for help. "Because I asked you nicely."

He presses back a grin and chucks the can of food to the side. "Well, I'm not nice and I don't do things just because someone asks... although, if you were a Day Taker, you'd be strong enough that if I refused, you could make me do it."

"You are such a-"

He covers my mouth with his hand and holds up a finger. "I'll make you a deal. Promise you'll come back to the city with me, once you figure out what my brother's hiding and then I'll help you." He drops his hand.

"And what about my memories?" I grit my teeth. "The one's Aiden has are the important ones. And we can't get them without Ryder's help."

"Leave Ryder to me," he says with a conniving smile.

I don't ask him what his plan is because I don't want to know. I proceed past the silver-laced water that blocks the pipe to the underground hideout. I breeze by it, but something pulls me back.

"What's up?" Sylas is by my side. "You wanna go in?"

Most of the water has evaporated, but a shallow pool still touches the pipe. "The water's laced with silver."

He shrugs. "And your point is..."

"You can't go in." I hover at the shore of the water. "But this is where Dominic lived and I never did search it myself after the... killings."

"But what's your sudden interest in Dominic?"

"I just wonder why he would do it. Why he would turn over everyone to the Highers so he could go back to The Colony? Besides, he worked with Monarch and knew about the experiments that went on. Maybe there's something in there that could lead us to the truth. Maybe he has something that will lead us to the glass cages."

"What would that old man know that could possibly be important? All he did was sit here and tell people what to do."

"He had a Higher in there," I tell him, swirling the water with my boot. "And he put me up against it to find out if I was one."

"He had a Higher?" he asks. "What, like as a pet or something?"

I roll my eyes. "An experimental Higher that still had humanity. He knew me and told me I was going to save the world."

Sylas runs his tongue along his teeth. "And what happened to this Higher? Did you kill it?"

"A Higher can only be killed by another Higher."

"I know." A pause. "So did you kill it?"

"He killed himself." I wade into the water and stop when it hits my knees. "Have you ever been in here before?"

He stares blankly at me. "As soon as I woke up from The Gathering, I put the needle in me and changed."

"That quick huh?" The water soaks higher on my jeans.

"I didn't have a choice," he says, watching me become drenched in the silver-laced water. "Aiden wasn't the only one Monarch messed up. I just chose to do something about it-I chose to live." Before I can respond, he takes a giant leap and flies over the water, arriving in a crouch on the pipe.

"You know there's water running down that pipe right?" I stride further into the water and peer down the dark pipe. There's a thin stream flowing to the bottom. "How intolerant to silver are you exactly?"

Sylas gets on his hands and knees, and drops his head down into the pipe. "I'll be fine." Then, like a lizard, he shimmies into the pipe. Clutching onto the roof, he scuttles down. Dressed in black, he blends with the dark.

"You make it look so easy," I mutter and dip myself in. My feet give out instantly and I fall on my butt, cracking my tailbone against the metal. The wet surface carries me down to the pool of water at the end, which whirlwinds like a drain and is cluttered with leaves, dirt, cacti, and blood.

Sylas materializes on the platform above and grasps my arm right as I'm about to submerge in the water. He swerves me around until my feet touch the platform.

"You okay?" he cocks an eyebrow at my hands clutching the bottom of his shirt.

My knuckles are brushing his rock hard stomach and my breathing's erratic. I furrow my eyebrows at my reaction and back away, dropping my hands.

"I'm fine," I say defensively. "Are you okay?"

"Absolutely." He turns to the barred door with no handle.

"It's a one way door." I run my fingers along the outline of the door. "Who the hell shut this?"

Clasping the knife, Sylas puts his ear to the door, listening for noise.

"Hear anything." I press my own ear to the door. "It sounds quiet to me."

Sylas shoves the knife in the crack between the doorframe and the trim of the door. He works the handle from side to side. Under his enormous strength, the wall and door pry away. The lock bends and then snaps apart.

"Stand back," Sylas orders, pushing me back. He heaves on the door and the metal squeaks and breaks from the frame. He chucks the broken door into the whirlpool of water and puts his hands on his hips, staring inside.

I crane my neck to look inside. "You wouldn't by chance have a light on you?"

"Lights are for humans." He lightly touches a finger to his eye. "These things are much better lights."

"Maybe for you." I squint at the dark.

Ignoring me, he steps inside. I follow, darkness immediately overtaking me as soon as my foot crosses the threshold.

I feel my way through the dark, letting my fingers trail against the wall. "Sylas," I whisper. "Where are you?"

Silence.

"Sylas," I say with another small step.

His breath feathers my ear. "Relax, I'm right behind you."

Startled, I reel and propel my fist at the dark. He hinders my punch with his hand and laughs.

"That wasn't funny," I say. "You..."

"I what?" He inquiries, lowering his hand and releasing mine. "I scared you?"

Hating to admit it, I turn and continue through the dark. My feet clank against the metal-linked floor and my breathing is uncharacteristically loud.

"Everything about you is changing," Sylas says, right behind me. "You're even starting to feel fear now."

"I know," I admit truthfully. "And I hate it."

"Then stop it." He whisks past me and clicks on a lantern, lighting the way to the spiral stairway. "Stop fighting who you really are. Either you keep suffering as a human and hate yourself. Or you change to a Day Taker, become the Kayla I know, and save the world."

"But how can I know what's me and what's not?" I take the lantern from him. "How do I know that who I'm changing into right now, isn't who I used to be before the experiments? What if this is really me?"

"It's not about who you used to be." Sylas trots down the stairs. "It's about who you want to be. Aiden wanted to be human, wanted life, wanted to be what he considers free, even if it means dying. And he thinks the path I chose was the wrong one. That I did it because I feared death; feared being a human. But it wasn't about that." He stops abruptly at the bottom and I almost run into him.

"Then what was it about? If it wasn't about the fear of death?" I spotlight the lantern through the room. "How did you make the choice without any hesitation?"

He picks up a cup from the table and smells what's inside it. "Maybe one day you'll get lucky enough that I'll tell you."

I shake my head and slip by him, heading for the back hall. Cups and food scatter the floor. Tables are knocked over and pieces of chairs clutter the room. There's blood on the walls and the ceiling.

"What happened here?" I ask. "If they were supposedly burned, then what the hell's all this."

Sylas chips some blood off a table and smells it. "It's like the vamps got in and went to town."

"Then why did Maci say they burned everyone." I pick up a cup and pour the contents onto the floor. "It's blood," I say. "In the cups."

"I know." Sylas steals the lantern and heads down the hallway. "There's blood everywhere in here-I can smell it all over the place." He skulks with the knife pointed in front of him.

My boots crunch the loose gravel as I trail behind him, continuously checking behind me. The glow of the lantern highlights the bloody handprints staining the walls. There's a warning buzzing through the air that makes the hairs on my arms stand on end.

"I wish I had a knife," I comment with bitterness in my voice. "But someone stole mine."

Sylas puts his finger to his lips and halts in front of a shut door, ears perking, lips curling. "There's someone in there."

"Someone or something?" I whisper, watching the doorknob.

He hands me the lantern, but hangs on to the knife. "Step back a little."

I shake my head. "What if it's a vamp in there?"

"It's not." He sniffs the air. "It's something different-something I've never smelt before."

Dropping his hand, I stifle my breath. He crushes the knob and tosses the broken ball of metal on the floor. His hand presses the door, and with a glitch of reluctance, he opens it. He's ready for battle in an instant, the knife slicing into the open air.

The room is pitch black and reeks of blood and rotted earth. Sylas steps inside and I hurry after him. The lantern shakes in my hand and that's when I realize the nervous energy bubbling through me.

"Calm down," Sylas hisses. "You're fine."

Irritated with my arm, I force it steady with my other hand and shine the light around the room. It's trashed, just like the entrance: papers, glass, and boxes chewed to pieces and strewn about.

I pick up a piece of cardboard and run my finger along the teeth marks. "What kind of animal did this?"

Sylas watches the back of the room. "I'm not sure." He gives me the knife and creeps for a metal locker, decorated with scratches. He puts his ear to the vent at the top and jumps when the metal bangs back.

I skittered beside him and my nostrils are blasted by the foul smell of cooked flesh. "What the heck is that smell?" I gag. "That's not a vampire."

He extends his hand. "Give me the lantern."

I loop the handle onto his fingers and he moves it up to the vent. The light trickles through and the creature inside goes mad, banging, rocking, and shrieking. Smoke hisses from the vent and Sylas leaps back as the locker tumbles to the ground.

"It's got a vampire in it," he states, leaning over the locker. "But I don't think it's the same breed as the ones we know."

"The cry is different." I point at the locker as it flips over. "It sounds almost human."

The locker stills. Sylas and I look at one another and I say lightly, "Hello."

We tense and wait for the unidentified beast to respond. Sweat trickles down my skin as I sense no fear inside the locker.

"Hello," a creature echoes in a shriveled voice.

Sylas seats the lantern next to the locker and the yellow light orbs the cemented room. "Who are you?"

"Who are you?" the voice wheezes back.

"We're... from The Colony," I say. Sylas shoots me a look and I shrug. "You gotta better answer?"

He rolls his eyes. "We're the ones you have to win over in order for us to let you out of your cage."

"Clever boy." The creature rocks the locker. "I used to be clever too, until I was turned into the beastly creature that goes against nature."

My jaw drops. "Dominic, is that you?"

The locker subdues. I reach for the door handle, but Sylas smacks my hand back.

"Don't even think about it." He raps his fist on the locker, hard hits that splinter the air and dent the metal. "Tell us who you are or we're going to leave."

When the voice doesn't answer, Sylas departs for the door. "Let's go, Kayla. This is a waste of time."

"Wait, it's me," a beady voice calls out. "It's Dominic."

"Where are the others?" I ask sharply. "Did you lock yourself up after you handed them over to the Highers to be burned?"

"I thought I was doing what was right," he chokes. "But the Highers... it was a massacre. They killed everyone with their bare hands."

I shift my weight and my shoe squashes a vial. "So that's where the blood came from. They weren't burned."

"No, they were burned," he replies. "They're always burned afterward as a precaution..."

"What are you talking about?" Sylas asks. "Humans are burned as a precaution to prevent what?"

"You have it wrong. I'm not talking about humans." He coughs as he bangs on the locker. "I'm talking about vampires."

"You mean everyone was infected with the vampire disease." I force the lump down my throat. "Before they were burned."

"It was their punishment, and mine, for not doing everything the way the Highers wanted it," he snaps. "But I won't tell you more until you let me out of here."

"You're not human anymore," I say, because he has no pulse. "What are you exactly? Human? Vampire? Higher?"

"That's like the pot calling the kettle black, isn't it?" He clicks his teeth together. "And no, I'm not a Higher...I did get bit, though."

Shocked, I step away from the locker and run into Sylas. "A vampire bit you. But how can you still be talking?"

"No, a vampire didn't bite me." He gives a deliberate pause. "A Higher did."

Sylas looks as baffled as me. He holds a finger up, signaling me to be quiet. "You say a Higher bit you," he speaks calmly. "But that doesn't really explain much, because the Highers we know don't bite. Well, humans anyway."

"Yes they do! Yes they do!" he rattles on, slamming against the inside of the locker. "They bite people all the time, but no one can remember it."

I absentmindedly touch my neck. It's like glass prickles at my brain. "I think one bit me once."

"Huh?" Sylas picks up the lantern and shoves it in my face. His eyes are all over me, checking my neck, my arms, my legs. "A Higher bit you? When? Back in the street?"

"Not in the street... before that." I put a finger to my lips. "Shh, just a second. I'm trying to remember."

***

I stand in the center of the training room mat. Bellators circle me. Garret, my trainer, is secretly glad to see me going up against a Higher; he fears my strength and wants me gone.

Gabrielle moves in on my like a predator, his white robe dragging behind him. A small girl, with curly blonde hair, named Lina winces as I take a swing at Gabrielle. My arm makes contact with his neck and there's a loud pop. His bone breaks and protrudes from the skin. Blood pours out and drips on me, staining my hands and arms.

His white robe is dripping red. He covers his wound with his hand. Then his fangs slither out and he lunges at me. His teeth sink into my skin and he devours me whole, almost drinking me dry. When he steps away, I'm lightheaded. I cup my hand to the wound on the neck and gaze around at the horrified Bellators' faces. Some are backing against the wall. Others gape, their jaws slack with shock, their faces screwed with disgust. Fear tornadoes the air. Gabrielle's own fears mixed with it because I'm still standing, fully embodied.

"I told you my name already," I say. "It's Kayla. Kayla Juniper."

He drops me to the ground. "You're supposed to be dead." He whirls, swishing his robe. "Monarch will pay for this. Secrets are the worst offence."

***

"A Higher bit me," I say with confidence. "Back in The Colony, during Bellator practice. But the bite didn't affect me at all. In fact, it only scared Gabrielle off when he realized it didn't do anything to me."

Sylas shoots me a doubtful look. "Are you sure you saw it right? Because I can't picture the Highers being scared."

"Yes, she saw it right. And it's because you're different, Kayla." Dominic's fingers slip through the vent at the top of the locker. "It's because you're special. You're the one they fear-the one they want gone. The one that can change everything."

I pull a face at his rotted fingers. "The last time you saw me you said I was a Higher and then you threw me in with one to prove your point."

"I thought you were one then, but I realized later that you were something different."

"Is that when you decided to give up everyone's location?"

"I deeply regret what I did," he says mournfully. "I was in some trouble and I looked to the wrong solution to get me out. But I-I didn't know they'd infect and kill everyone."

"You say they infected first." I shift my weight to the side, remembering Gabrielle feeding off the vampire in the street. "But why infect them, just to kill them."

"Because they needed them that way first." Gagging noises escape through the vent. "Please let me out. I'm dying."

"Why do the Highers need them as vampires?" I press. "Because they enjoy torturing them? Or because they need to feed from them?"

Sylas gapes horrendously at me. "Feed off a vampire. Okay, now you've really lost it."

I tap his head. "Remember the street, Sylas. The Highers chased one down and drained its blood dry."

He struggles to grasp the concept. "Maybe it was for kicks and giggles. You know how the Higher's love torture."

I shake my head slowly. "No, there was hunger in Gabrielle's eyes that night. I saw it." I turn back to Dominic. "Is that what it was? Do they need to feed off... vampires?"

He doesn't answer and his fingers vanish through the vent.

"Dominic." I cautiously lean forward. "Are you okay?"

His fingers shoot upward, missing my nose by a sliver of space. "I'm sorry. I don't know why I did that."

Sylas takes the knife from me. "That's it, I'm chopping off his fingers."

"No, please," Dominic begs, waggling his fingers. "I have answers. I can help you, but I need something in return."

"Let me guess," Sylas says in a mocking tone. "If we let you out, you'll tell us everything we want to know."

A pause. "Well, yes. That's exactly what I was going to say. How did you know?"

Sylas rolls his eyes. "And let me guess again. You promise not to hurt us if we do."

"I'm not a monster, Sylas," he says in a saddened tone. "I'm just hideous on the outside."

"Maybe if you told us what you are," I say. "Then we could come to some kind of agreement."

"I'm a half-breed," he breathes. "I'm an abomination."

"No, you're not," Sylas argues with a shake of his head. "I'm a half-breed and I'm not mutated like you."

"I'm not the same as you," Dominic says. "I'm half-human, half-vampire. You aren't."

"Yes, I am." Sylas runs his tongue along his sharp teeth.

"No, you're not," Dominic contends. "And if you let me out, I'll explain it to you."

"Nah," Sylas shrugs him off. "I'm not that eager to find out." He nods his head at the door. "Let's get of here. He's getting on my nerves." When I hesitate, he surges me with a warning look. "You want to stand around all day talking to someone who sounds pretty insane if you ask me? Or do you want to go find your tunnel and glass room?"

I blow out a breath, my bangs fluffing from my face, and turn for the door. "Yeah, let's go. This is useless."

"Tunnel?" Dominic breathes through the locker. "I know where these tunnels are."

Sylas rolls his eyes and ducks through the doorway. "This guy doesn't give up, does he?"

"I have a map," he screams pleadingly. "Please, don't leave me here. I can tell you how to get to Cell 7 and the tunnels."

"Cell 7," I mouth. "That's the place with the glass cages."

The lantern sways in Sylas' hand, making yellow light flicker eerily across his face and shadows dance along the walls. "How do you know about Cell 7?"

"I was one of the doctors there." The locker shakes violently. "I know everything that went on inside. I even know that's where the virus was created."

"Which one?" I say. "Because from what I've seen, there might be more than one."

"Let me out!" He shouts, slamming and rocking the locker. "Or no more answers."

Sylas starts down the hall, heading for the main room. "Then I guess it's no more answers."

I don't budge, crossing my arms and leaning against the doorway. I'm torn. I want to know what Dominic knows, yet I don't want to let him out.

"I have a map!" Dominic screams. "It will lead you right to the tunnel."

Sylas reverses down the hall. "Where's the map?"

"Not until you let me out." He pounds on the locker and the metal bulges out. "Then I'll give it to you."

"What's a map?" I ask Sylas.

He ignores me and storms in the room. "If I let you out, you better not try anything."

"What's a map?" I repeat, but he just hands me the lantern and knife.

"I won't," Dominic says innocently. "I promise."

Sylas reaches for the circular lock, but pauses and scoops up a long metal pipe. He checks that I still have the knife in my hand. "Be ready." He clicks the lock, holding the door shut with his foot. "And if you do try something, I'll snap your neck."

Sylas isn't lying, and I'm glad. Knowing I can't protect myself very well, it's comforting to know that he is capable of doing so. But I envy him.

Sylas jerks his foot from the locker and then backs up until he's towering in front of me. My heart beats madly as I watch the locker from over his shoulder. The door jiggles and then it swings open, hitting the concrete with a clank. A head peaks out and my gag reflexes threaten to take over.

There are patches of hair on his mutilated head. One of his eyes has been stabbed out and part of his face is covered in teeth marks. It only gets worse as he stands up. His neck is thrashed with claw marks and his arms and legs have been gnawed. In some spots there is no flesh, revealing his bones.

"Good God," Sylas whispers in revulsion. "It's like the red door all over again."

In the memories that took place behind the red door, I once witness a torn little boy eating his own arm. "Did you do that to yourself?" I ask Dominic.

He steps out of the locker and his skin oozes blood and pus. "I got hungry."

Suddenly, Sylas bashes him on the side of the head with a pipe. Dominic covers his head with his arms and lets out a growl, his one eye glowering.

"That was your warning to be on your best behavior." Sylas steps aside and gestures at the door. "Now lead the way to the map."

Dominic rubs his head and waddles between us. His feet leave a trail of green pus and blood as he leads us up the hall. Sylas holds the pipe and the lantern. I'm at the back with the knife. Dominic's unsettling because I can't read him. There's no indication of a lie, but no evidence of truth either. He is a mystery.

We reach the end of the hall and Dominic shakes his head vigorously. His tongue slithers out of his mouth as he speaks. "This way." His shoulders slouch over and he meanders into the silver-lined room. Then he shrinks back, shivering and shaking.

"I can't go in," he moans. "There's silver in the walls."

I take the lantern from Sylas. "Where's the map?" I ask Dominic.

"In the cabinet." He points his bony finger at a scraped cabinet in the back corner. "In the top drawer."

I tiptoe inside, the knife gripped tightly in my hand. The walls reflect luminously against the glow of the lantern. There's a chair smashed in the corner and a set of chains piled to the side. When I reach the cabinet, I position the lantern on the floor and try the top drawer."

"It's locked," I call out, giving the drawer a good hard tug.

"Break it open then," Sylas replies, annoyed with my incompetence.

Using the knife, I slip the blade in the crack. After a lot of grunting and sweating, the wood finally splits apart. The drawer shoots open and I shine the lantern inside. There are a stack of papers, penned with red ink. I pick one up and stare at the multi-colored lines, weaving a path across it.

I turn to Dominic and hold the lantern to the paper. "Is this a map?"

"Yes," he hisses and I don't like the zeal in his tone. "That's it. That's what you need."

I fold it up and start to shut the drawer, when a glass vial rolls forward, along with a few syringes. The vial is filled with black liquid; the medicine that will transform me into a Day Taker. I left my vial back at the Day Takers' hideout. I don't know why I do it. But the back of my mind convinces me to take it. I quickly stuff it in my back pocket, along with a syringe.

"Kayla, what are you doing in there?" Sylas hollers. "Hurry up."

"I'm coming," I shout and hustle to the door. I present Sylas with the map, but Dominic robs it from my hand.

"Watch it," Sylas warns, intimidating the pipe at him. "You're walking on thin ice here."

Dominic hastily unfolds the map with quivering fingers. "I'm sorry, I was just trying to show you where the tunnels are." He smoothes it out on the ground and points to a large brown spot near the border. "This is where we are right now." He slides his finger to the center. "And this is your entrance to the tunnels."

Sylas angles his head over the map and his expression falls. "Of course it is."

I lean over. "Where is it?"

Sylas studies the map, running his finger along a square of green. "It's in the center of the park."

I stare at the shapes and words that I don't understand. "In the park from my memory."

Sylas frowns. "Yep, that would be the one."

"What's so bad about it?" I ask. "You seem uneasy about going there."

He meets my eyes. "First off, I'm never uneasy. I'm just not particularly fond of this park. And second of all..." His eyes dart down the hall. "Where the hell did Dominic go?" He jumps to his feet, his fangs already gliding out.

I fold up the map and stuff it in my pocket. "He's probably trying to bolt."

"He'll never make it up that pipe..." He races up the hallway with the pipe gripped in his hands. The vial nearly burns in my pocket as I stay behind him.

When we barrel into the main entrance, I spotlight the lantern at the floor. "Look," I point at a route of blood and pus, "he's been through here."

Sylas holds up his finger, indicating me to stay put. He sidles toward the staircase, his footsteps light as air. He reaches the steps and peers up, his night vision skimming the upstairs. Then he climbs up to the top and slinks for the door.

I feel the breeze before the impact. But there's no time to react. I'm slammed to the floor. The weighty force knocks the wind out of me. I roll on my back, gasping as I peer up at Dominic.

"What are you doing?" I press his face back as his fangs nip at me. "Get the hell off me." I force my knees between our bodies and launch him through the air.

He hits the wall loudly and his eyes roll in his head. I start for him, poising my knife for the kill. His bones begin to crack, his body shakes, and his mouth salivates. I think about running, but my feet won't budge.

Dominic's skin splits apart. He rises, his knees and elbows bending the wrong way. He's grown three times his size in a matter of seconds. As his body settles into its new form, his eye no longer holds any source of humanity.

I back away, keeping my knife in front of me. But the creature sees me as a challenge and prowls after me, its knees popping more and allowing it to loom over me.

"Dominic," I try to reason with the animal. "Just settle..."

It shrieks, sending spit everywhere. The lantern singes out, smothering the surroundings with darkness. I turn to run, but my boot catches the leg of a table. I fall to the ground and smack my head on the concrete. My ears ring, but I push through and flip over, plunging my knife at the animal. The blade grazes its chest. Unfazed, it leaps for me. I jump to my feet, but I slam into a solid figure.

A bright red light flickers on above our head and a siren rings to life. Sylas twirls me behind him and roars. The beast fangs sharpen from his shedding lips; it declines on all fours, and bounds the floor with its eyes on Sylas. They circle each other, Sylas fixing his arms behind him to protect me, his black eyes locked on the beast.

"I'll rip your heart out," he growls, his chest heaving, the glow of the siren lighting up his eyes. "You're not making it out of this alive."

I move to hand Sylas the knife, but he lunges for the beat. Weaponless, he uses his fangs, tearing into the animals flesh. It lets out a cry and chomps down on Sylas' neck. Blood is everywhere, spurting on floor. They slam into the wall and Sylas retreats, only to charge right back at it. Their bodies barrel together and clatter against a table. The beast nicks Sylas' leg and Sylas winces as his knee buckles.

Glancing at the knife in my hand, I tell myself I'm no different. That I'm still the same Kayla who has one hell of an aim. Jerking my hand back, I breathe deep until my hand is steady. I shut one eye and focus through the tumbling, growling, and screaming of the siren until I target the beast's heart.

"Please," I whisper and toss the knife. It flips through the air, the blade glinting, and the tip punctures into the beast's chest. But it's not quite in the heart. It throws its head back in pain and its eye glows red. Its pointy teeth move for Sylas' head. But Sylas slips his hand around and yanks out the knife. He slides it inches over and jams in straight into the beast's heart. Its body jerks violently and slams against the wall, pinning Sylas there. I feel Sylas' pain as his body is crushed. I race over and wrap my arms around the beast. Blood and yellow pus runs down my skin as I try to free Sylas. But it weighs a ton. Sylas meets my eyes. His fear washes through me; he fears he's going to die right then and there and I'll never be able to truly know what really happened between us.

"Then tell me," I start.

Abruptly, the beast limbs go slack. Under its deadened weight, I'm hauled to the floor. Sylas squeezes through and maneuvers me out.

I wipe the blood from my face. "I hope it's not contagious."

Sylas lifts up the hem of his shirt. Beneath it, blood seeps from teeth marks etched in his skin. "It would sure suck if it was."

"How do we know..." My eyes travel to the dead beast.

"If I'll turn into one?" Sylas finishes and shrugs. "I guess if my skin starts to leak blood and pus and I start gnawing away at my own arm." He smirks, acting like his old self. He's put back the wall, obstructing his feelings.

He takes the knife out of the beast, wipes it on his jeans, reaches up and bashes the handle into the red-blinking siren. The light dims out and the room relaxes into silence.

"We better get going." He takes my hand and leads us for the stairs. "If we're gone any longer, Aiden will think I ate you."

I give one last glance at the silhouette of the beast. It's lying on its back, eyes open, feet and arms limp, blood dripping from the wounds. It's unlike a vampire, still keeping shape after it dies. I wonder what created it. And if there are more out there.

Chapter 15

Outside, Sylas tucks his head back under his hood. He has a slight limp to his walk, his black jeans are split, and blood stains his shirt, hands, and face. As we hike past the hillside, I spot a bottle of water in the midst of the charred wood and garbage. Unscrewing the cap, I smell the water inside. Its silver free and I draw Sylas back.

"We need to get you cleaned up," I tell him. "Otherwise there are going to be huge problems with Ryder and Aiden."

He rubs a smudge of blood off my forehead. "Like we don't already have problems with them."

"I know." I take his hand and drip droplets of water across his skin. "But if I'm going to figure out what he's hiding, he has to trust me."

"That's going to be difficult." He rubs his hands together, scrubbing the blood off. The cuts have already healed, which is a good sign. "Since you two are the biggest liars there are."

I puddle my hand with water and gently drip it across his forehead. "It comes in handy sometimes, though."

His intense gaze bores into me as I clean away the blood. "So is that your plan? To use your manipulating ways to play him?"

"You got a better idea?" I ask, scrubbing a cut on his cheek, which is already starting to heal.

He shakes his head, eyes still glued to me. "I like your idea." He catches my hand as I pull back and traps it against his cheek. "Just as long as you're pretending to care for him."

His gaze makes me nervous. I'm dumbstruck. "Sylas I..." I brush his hair back. Along his hairline are jagged tooth marks and blood bubbles. "How many times did he bite you?"

Sylas tugs his sleeves down, leans back, and adjusts his hair to hide the bite "I can handle some bites. It's no big deal, Kayla."

"We don't even know what kind of breed Dominic was," I remind him.

"He was a foul creature who wanted to kill us. Just like the vamps."

"No, the vamps don't want to kill me, but Dominic did."

He dumps some water on his hands and scrubs away the blood. "Okay, that's one thing they don't have in common. But the rest is all the same."

My lips part as I start to speak, but he cuts me off.

"What's the matter?" He steps away, toward the hillside. "You're not worried about me, are you? Because that would mean you care about me."

I don't say anything and he doesn't expect me to. He turns his back on me and strolls for the crook of the hill. I shut my eyes and tip my head back, washing the blood and dirt from my face. Then I twist my hair up and run after him.

"So after you manipulate the secrets out of Aiden," Sylas fixates his gaze on the ground, "Then what?"

"Depends on what he's hiding." I pat my pocket. "Do you know how to read a map?"

"I can figure it out." Sylas kicks a rock and it zooms across the land. "You know, we could just leave, go to the park, find this Cell 7 and see if it holds the answers to a cure."

"I have to go to the cave first," I say. "I need to know what he's hiding before I can move on."

"Why? Who cares if he is hiding something? We're all hiding something, Juniper." He uses my second name to prove some underlining point.

"I know," I agree. "But I can't explain it... it's like I have to know because it's a secret. It's like it was what I was built to do...And besides, I need to get my memories back."

"Even if we can figure it out without them?" he asks. "I mean, we figured out how to get to the tunnels without the aid of your brilliant mind."

I stare at the sky, clouded with smoke. "I need to know about my life. Who I am-what I am. And why Monarch chose me."

"Even if it's painful to know?" He inquires. "Even if it means you have to see horrible things done by your own hands?"

"Whatever it is, I need to know," I convince myself and pause. "Besides, I want to check up on Maci."

Sylas let out a laugh, shaking his head. "Oh, Kayla." He sighs. "When are you going to realize that things like that make you weak? You have to start worrying about yourself. You can only rely on yourself."

"You and you alone, Kayla," Monarch says. "That's how it's got to be in the end."

"I do understand that," I say. "More than you know."

***

Ryder and Aiden are waiting for us on the other side of the hill. Aiden is bursting with anxiety and fear. When he spots us, these feelings only intensify.

He frenzies up to me, confines my face between his hands, and inspects my scraped skin. "What happened to you?"

I play it cool, placing my hands over his. "A vampire was hanging around in the entrance of the hillside. I thought it'd be good slaying practice, but things got a little ugly."

He rubs his thumb across my face. "Why on earth are you trying to slay? You're not a Bellator anymore. You're human-you can die."

"I understand that." I caress the sensitive spots between his fingers. "But I'm also the only one who can hunt them without being hunted."

He shivers from my touch and releases my face, the lie he's hiding is swelling in his body. "We should get going, before darkness falls."

We walk the rest of the way in silence. Everyone pitter-patters through their troubles and fears. Ryder doesn't want to give my memories back and wishes I was gone because she fears I'll steal Aiden from her. Aiden fears I'll discover a secret he's withholding and frets I'll never love him like I used to. And Sylas, well he worries the monster ripped out some of his hair. He's fiddling with his hair, his hand under his hood, as he feels for a bald spot.

I can't help but laugh at his vain attitude. There's just something about him that amuses me occasionally.

As we weave around a long, smooth hill, the cave elevates into view. Rocks stack the path that leads us to the top and it takes a while to climb up it. Cedrix, Greyson, and Maci's fears wait for me at the entrance; they're scared of being alone, scared no one will come back, scared the world will end and they won't have any warning.

Aiden taps his fist on the fiery-red boulder shut over the entrance. "Greyson, open up! It's us!"

Greyson struggles to move the rock, the edges grinding and refusing to budge. Sylas steps up, rolling his eyes.

"God, how do you guys survive?" He rotates the rock out of the way easily and it crashes to the side.

I'm two steps inside when Maci runs up to me, her heart leaping with excitement. She throws her arms around my waist. "Kayla! You came back!"

I pat the red-headed girl on the head. "Yeah, I came back."

Sylas slides his hood off and watches me with amusement. "Is she your pet or something?"

Maci blinks up at him and her eyes widen. "You're the Angel. The one who tried to save us. But you were hurt."

Sylas stares at her with curiosity. "Kid, I think you're remembering it wrong."

She shakes her head. "No, I'm not. And I'd give you a hug," she smiles brightly, "but you won't like it."

Sylas' lips quirks up. "You're a smart girl."

I kneel down to Maci's eyelevel. "You're okay, right? They've been taking good care of you?"

She nods, her eyes lit with excitement. "I'm so glad you came back for me. I told Aiden that I knew you would come back, but that you needed his help."

Sylas arches his eyebrow and I shrug. "Technically I did. I mean, we were looking for him."

"You were looking for him," Sylas points out. "I was just along for the ride."

"What's the Day Taker doing here?" Greyson intervenes from the shadowed nook of the cave. He sits on a crate, chiseling away at a long piece of wood. His red hair is sticking up and there are bags under his green eyes.

Aiden shakes his head, trudges to the corner, and takes a drink from a water bottle. "He followed us here."

"I didn't follow you," Sylas says, his hands in his pockets as he turns in a circle, taking in the low cave, the few sparse lanterns on the floor, and a stack of blankets at the back. "So this is where you live?"

"This is not where we live," Ryder snaps, slouching in the corner and resting her head back exhaustedly. "This is where we are forced to live because someone ruined our old home."

"Yeah, the hillside." He scratches the back of his neck. "I never understood the appeal of that place."

"That's because you were changing by the time we got there," she sneers and looks at me. "Dominic said it was the quickest he'd ever seen anyone make the decision."

"There wasn't a decision to make," Sylas says straightforwardly. "I had to do it."

"No, you were just afraid of the consequences if you didn't." Aiden picks up a tattered bag. "Some of us are willing to live with them."

"Just you," Sylas mutters to himself. "Brother."

Cedrix emerges from the back of the cave, looking tired. His head nearly touches the ceiling, and his brown hair has grown out a little. He stretches his arms above his head, his one hand missing, something which he refers to as his freedom. His eyes take us in and his arms drop to his side.

"What happened while I was out?" he asks and then he smiles at me. "You made it back."

I nod, grinning a big plastic grin. Secrets swarm the over-crowded cave. "Yeah, I made it back."

He picks up a lantern. "Who's hungry? We don't have much, but I can find something for... almost everyone." His eyes roam to Sylas.

"Don't worry about me," Sylas tells him with a grind of his teeth. "I can handle getting food on my own."

"I'm sure you can," Greyson mutters and goes to a small stack of cans at the back of the cave. He rummages around, knocking over boxes, terrified that Sylas is going to eat him.

"Wow, I can feel the love in here," Sylas smirks, placing his hand over his heart.

"They don't hate you." Maci gently touches his hand. "They just fear you because you're different and they don't understand you."

Sylas is alarmed by her touch and he tucks his hands in his pockets. "I'm sure that's it," he says sarcastically.

Aiden hands me a bottle of water. "Here, you've got to be dying of thirst." He's still suspicious that I'm a Day Taker, even if I look like crap.

I take a swig and hand the bottle back to him. "Thanks. Um, can I talk to you for a second...in private?"

He nods and tosses the bottle of water to Ryder. "Yeah, let's step outside and take a little breather."

"Try not to kill anyone while I'm gone," I tell Sylas and duck out of the cave after Aiden.

The sky is fading swiftly and the sand is deepening from gold to brown. Aiden sits on the side of the hill, with his legs dangling over the edge.

He smoothes the wrinkles on his torn jeans. "So what's up, Juniper? Did you bring me out here to tell me the real reason why you and Sylas showed up looking like crap?"

I sweep the rocks out of the way and join him on the ledge. "I already told you the real reason. I brought you out here because I think you're still keeping something from me. Something important that you need to fess up to."

He seals his lips together, not denying it. "Everything I keep from you is to protect you. Trust me, Kayla, you don't want to know everything I'm hiding."

"Yes, I do," I say. "I want to know what it is, even if it's bad."

"Just like you want to go to Cell 7, even if what's there is horrible."

"Why is it horrible, Aiden? Just tell me what went on there."

"I wasn't there and I'm lucky." There's ferocity radiating from his eyes. "When Monarch took me away, I thought I'd die. I was supposed to be with you, but something went wrong with me and he didn't want me there anymore. He said I didn't have the right personality for what he was creating there. But I didn't understand at the time that Cell 7 was where he was creating..."

"Creating what?" I place my hand on his, trying to chip away at his secrets. "Just tell me. It's okay."

He stares at our hands with yearning. "He was creating the virus."

I remember the girl banging her head on the glass over and over again. "Is that all he was creating? Or is there more to the virus then what people think. Could it be..." I take a deep breath. "Could it be that he was creating the Highers' virus there?"

He shuts his eyes and squeezes my hand, his pulse trembling through his fingers. "I'm not sure about the Highers, but he was creating things there."

"He was creating me," I swallow hard, thinking of my glass cell. "He was creating me to create the Highers."

"He wasn't creating what you are now," he answers, not denying that the existence of the Highers might have started with me. "Back then he was trying to create perfection. Or what him and the other doctors thought was perfection. They had misconstrued ideas, though."

"He was trying to create a Higher," I repeat. "Out of me."

"I heard rumors of what went on, but I wasn't there, so I can't tell you for sure."

"You can't or don't want to?" Sand blows in my eyes and stings at my cheeks. I blink wildly. "Because it feels like you know a lot more than you're letting on."

He lets out a long breath and shifts the subject. "You know don't have to do anything out here. You can be something new if you want."

"I don't know what I want," I mumble, staring at his lips.

He notices the line of my gaze and he wets his lips. "You don't?"

I shake my head and lean in, seeking answers. When my lips brush his, there's a connection that can't be denied. He still loves me, but wants me to stop fighting and join him. He wants me with him forever. I immerse further into the kiss, digging deeper into his mind. He never wants me to go back to the city. He doesn't want me to find out the awful things Monarch made me do.

His hand slides up my back and he pulls me closer. My lips part and his tongue searches deep inside my mouth. He tastes salty, yet sweet at the same time. He fears the tunnel beneath the park.

I moan and draw back, but he hugs me closer, his touch becoming rougher. I'm no longer enjoying the kiss and my head is fuzzy.

"Aiden," I murmur against his lips.

He pulls away. "You say I don't know you, but I do, Juniper. I know you better than anyone. Even my brother." He catches me as I flop to the side. "That's why I knew you'd kiss me. If you thought I was hiding something, I knew exactly what you'd do."

I sink to the earth, the sky altering black. "What did you do to me? Poison me again. I'm going to..."

"I did what I had to do." He shifts over me, the sky grey above him. "I did this to protect you."

I notice the sheen on his lips and wonder what he put on them to bring me down.

"I know you," he whispers, lowering my head to the ground. "And that's why I have to save you from yourself."

Chapter 16

I hop off the bottom step of the bright yellow bus and onto the sidewalk. A backpack is strapped to my back and my thumbs loop the handles. I spin around and wait for them. Sylas jumps from the top step and nearly lands on my toes. Aiden follows, taking each stair carefully, and shields his eyes as the sun hits his face.

We are children, young and free, dressed in bright clothes with smiles on our faces.

"Where's mom?" Aiden glances around at the houses and trees. "It was her turn to pick us up."

"Maybe she forgot." Sylas playfully pinches my arm. "Or maybe she got lost. It's a very long street."

"Everything's a joke to you." Aiden scowls. "But you won't think it's so funny when you're kidnapped."

Sylas shoots him a doubtful look. "Those haven't happened anywhere near here. And besides, no one even knows if these Watchers really exist."

"Mom said that they do and that the kidnappings are getting closer." Aiden adjusts his backpack. "That's why she's been picking us up every day."

"Well, dad says it's not real and that people are making it up just because they want answers." Sylas stares up the road, lined with two-story houses and lofty trees. "I think I'm gonna walk."

Aiden grabs Sylas' arm and angles his head up at his brother. "You can't go wandering off alone. Mom said that's what the Watchers look for-kids by themselves."

Sylas teasingly punches his fist toward Aiden's face. "Well, if they do exist and show up then I'll take them down."

I giggle and Aiden lets out a frustrated breath, blowing his dark hair from his face. "One of these days," Aiden says. "You're going to get into some serious trouble."

Sylas turns his back to Aiden and strolls down the sidewalk. He picks up a long stick and drags it across the fence, making a loud clanking sound.

I tug on Aiden's arm. "Come on. We'll be fine."

I pull him with me as I skip after Sylas. We catch up and I take Sylas' hand. We walk hand-in-hand and I feel small standing between them. But safe.

A lady, wearing a fluffy pink robe, steps onto the porch and scoops up a furry orange cat. She pets the cat and then her eyes narrow on us.

"You guys shouldn't be out here by yourself." She steps off the porch and onto the rocky path. "Where's your mother?"

"Hmm..." Sylas taps his lips. "I knew we forgot something back at the bus stop."

The ladies face reddens and wrinkles scatter across her saggy skin. "Sylas Anders, one of these days your mouth is going to get you in trouble."

Laughter bubbles from Sylas and I.

Aiden shoots us a glare. "Sorry, Miss Lynn," he apologizes to the lady.

Miss Lynn's eyes soften at Aiden. "Just be careful. Go straight home." She hesitates and then turns for her two-story white brick home, painted with green shutters, and trimmed with vines.

We reach the corner of the street and Sylas looks left and then right before crossing. He pauses and pulls me to the left. "Let's take the long way home. We haven't been to the fort in a while."

"Do you have a death wish?" Aiden asks, astounded. "I mean, it's bad enough we left the bus stop and now you want to wander off to the fort."

"You can do whatever you want." He raises his eyebrows at me. "Kayla, are you coming?"

I glance back and forth between the two boys. I don't like seeing Aiden worry, but I want to go to the fort really, really bad.

"Your mom will be worried, Kayla," Aiden points out. "She'll get mad at you."

"No she won't," I say. "She's probably not even at the house. She's probably at the bar."

"Is she leaving you home alone again?" Aiden asks worriedly. "Because if she is, we should do something about it. We could tell my mom."

"No we can't." I head down the street with Sylas. "We're just kids. There's nothing we can do."

I leave him behind at the corner, knowing he's going to follow us, even though he doesn't want to.

Five seconds later, he sprints up behind us, panting. "If something happens to us," Aiden breathes at Sylas, "Then it's your fault."

"Alright, brother." He smiles, swinging our arms. "I can handle that."

The green trees shake leaves to the ground and our shoes crunches across them. The farther we walk up the street, the sparser the houses get. Finally, Sylas ducks under a chain link fence and into the tall grass. He takes my hand and helps me down. Aiden follows. We walk down a dried out ditch, canopied by trees. Butterflies flutter the air. Sylas catches a bright yellow one and cups it in his hand. He watches it through the crack in his hands.

"What do you think Kayla?" he asks. "Should we take it home and put it in a jar? Or let it go?"

I peer through the opening in his hand and watch the butterfly flap its wings. "Keeping it somewhere that it doesn't want to be would be mean. It deserves to be free."

Sylas grins. "I knew you'd say that." He releases the butterfly and it flies toward the bright blue sky.

Aiden slips off his backpack and takes out two candy bars. He gives one to me and shoots Sylas a too-bad look as he peels the wrapper off and pops the chocolate in his mouth. I unwrap mine, break it in half, and give Sylas a piece.

With chocolate staining our faces, we climb out of the ditch, duck under the trees, and step into a field. A dirt road paves up the center. We hike for the road, Sylas in the lead, and Aiden in the back. I pluck a long piece of grass, cup it in my hands, and blow on it.

"You're not doing it right," Sylas laughs and shakes his head. "You have to..." His jaw drops as he stares at a black van at the end of the road.

I stop and Aiden runs into the back of me. "Who is that?" I ask.

"I don't know, but I..." Sylas drifts off.

"What are you guys looking at?" Aiden sees it and backs up. "Let's go back."

He grabs my hand and turns us to the trees. The van rolls forward slowly, the tires crunching against the gravel. The windows are tinted and the exhaust grunts black smoke. Sylas takes my other hand and we speed up as the van heads farther up the dirt road.

"I told you this was a bad idea." Aiden shakes his head. "But you never listen."

"We'll be fine," Sylas says. "It's just a car. You're over reacting."

The van hits the breaks and the side door glides open. Men in black zippered suits and masks pile out. Their black, lace-up boots form a cloud of dust as they stampede for us.

We run. I struggle to keep up as the black-suited men chase after us. The grass scratches my legs and my lungs pinch tight with exhaustion. Run! Run! Run! My mind shouts.

"I told you they exist!' Aiden yells and drops my hand to dodge around a large bush. "But you wouldn't listen!"

As I glance over my shoulder, I trip over a rock. Sylas catches my elbow and shoves me in front of him. The thick trees grow closer, but so do the thud of the men's boots. Aiden races next to me and he takes my hand again. His skin is sticky and he's breathing hard. We all are.

The men are close when we reach the trees and jump into the ditch. Aiden falls and smacks headfirst into a rock. His head spurts blood and he presses his hand to the lesion.

The sounds of snapping twigs and clobbering boots parade all around us. They're coming from the front, the back, the side, everywhere. Just in front of us is a pipe that burrows under the ground. We rush inside, tucking our legs and arms together. It's dark, but on each side of the pipe is a trickle of light and the silhouettes of the men searching for us.

"I told you they existed," Aiden whispers, pointing his finger at Sylas. "This is all your fault."

Sylas stays silent, watching the end of the pipe like a hawk. Aiden turns the other way and fixates at the other end of the pipe. There's radio static and voices.

"Hey, over here," a masked man shouts and tucks his head inside the pipe, spotting a flashlight at us. "Hey, it's okay. You can come out. We're not going to hurt you. We're here to help."

"We're kids. Not morons," Sylas says and kicks the flashlight out of the man's hand.

"Why you little..." The man lunges into the pipe.

We crawl on our hands and knees for the other end of the pipe, mud and twigs sticking to our skin.

"Hurry!" I shout at Aiden as the man reaches for Sylas' foot.

As we brink the other end, another masked man waits for us. We freeze as he lifts up his mask. His eyes are a deep brown, his hair black, and there's a long white line tracking the heart of his face.

"Daddy!" I cry and climb over Aiden, accidently kneeing him in the abdomen.

Aiden clutches my foot and tries to drag me back. But I claw my way forward and twist my foot out of my shoe. Aiden falls backward, clutching my Mary Jane. Mud coats my hands as I crawl the rest of the way down the tunnel and jump into my dad's arms. He scoops me up and I throw my hands around his neck, tears dripping down my cheeks.

"I knew you weren't dead," I sob. "I knew mommy was lying."

He pats my head awkwardly and then hands me to a man, dressed in black, with a mask screening his face.

"Daddy!" I reach for him, but he turns away and helps another man haul Aiden out of the pipe. Aiden's covered in mud and his jeans are ripped across the knee. He doesn't fight back as two men shove him toward the van. The man carrying me follows them and I reach for my dad, crying and begging.

Sylas launches himself out of the pipe and kicks one of the men in the knee. Then man curls over, cussing, and cradling his knee. Sylas skitters around two more men as they dive for him.

"This one's not going easily." One masked man says to another. "You want me to sedate him?"

"We're not even supposed to take them," a taller man says to my father. "It was only supposed to be the girl. The boys' parents are the kind that will look for them. Not like the girl's mother who's a drunken whore."

"It's too late now," my father answers, with a clenched jaw. "They've seen too much."

The tall man nods and draws a syringe from his suit pocket. Sylas runs for us, knocking down men twice his size. He doesn't notice the man with the syringe.

"Sylas, look out!" I scream.

It's too late. The man sneaks behind him and plunges a needle in his neck. Sylas' eyes catch mine before he falls to the ground and doesn't get up.

I scratch the man carrying me across the face. He grimaces, opens the van's door, and forcibly tosses me inside. I hit my head on the wall and roll over as Aiden lands in front of me.

Tears pour out of his eyes as the door slams shut and the lock clicks. The van smells like a hospital and there are metal boxes stacked at the back.

"What do we do?" I ask, moving to the front of the van, which is blocked off with a link of thick steel. "How do we get out?"

Aiden sits up and presses his face to the window. "I don't think we can."

I move to the window and check the handle of the door. "Where's Sylas? What are they doing to him!"

Aiden shakes his head, his chest heaving as he tries to stop crying. "I don't know, Juniper."

My father's face materializes on the other side of the glass. "Take them to the Cell 7."

"Daddy," I whisper. "Please help me."

But the man's face changes into someone else's. His eyes shift grey, and his hair lightens. He shucks the black jacket off and beneath is a white coat.

"Monarch!" One of the masked men calls out. "We're having some trouble keeping this one sedated."

"Good, that means he's strong." He looks through the glass, right at me, and there's apology in his eyes. Then he goes to the back of the van.

I flop back, sweaty and hot. "That wasn't my dad."

Aiden sighs and takes my hand. "I know, Juniper. Your dad's dead."

"But I thought he was," I say. "He looked just like him until he changed."

Aiden doesn't say a word, even when two men climb into the front of the van and rev up the engine.

"This is all my fault." I'm thrown to the side as the van bounces up the dirt road.

"No, it's not," Aiden says through gritted teeth. "It's my brothers. And I'll never forgive him for this."

Chapter 17

I wake up to the cave's red-arch ceiling, dirt stinging my eyes, lanterns faintly illuminating the area. My hands are cuffed together and a chain secures me to the wall. I'm not surprised. Aiden is good at locking me up.

"So you finally saw it?" Sylas asks quietly.

I rotate to my stomach and spot him across the cave, chained to the corner, lying on his back, staring at the ceiling. "How are you trapped? Can't you break the chains?"

"There's silver in the cuffs and chains." He elevates his arms, showing me his charred skin beneath the cuff. "And I can't work up enough strength to get them to break." He stops. "You know, I have to give them credit. They're getting clever with their uses of silver. I didn't see this one coming."

"Are you... are you okay?" I rise on my knees, my hair knotting down my back, dirt plastering my jeans and shirt. "It doesn't hurt, does it?"

"Nope, it feels great actually." His voice drips with sarcasm. He rolls over with the chains clinking and singeing at his arms. He winces and repositions the chains. "You saw the day we were taken away."

"How do you know?" I turn around and tug on the chains, testing their strength.

"You were talking in your sleep," Sylas says. "I picked up enough that I figured it out."

I wrench on the chains and bits of rock and dirt crumble to the ground. "I saw the day we wandered off and the men in masks took us. So if that's the day we were taken away, then yeah, I saw it." The chains won't budge and I turn back to Sylas. "Are you sure you're too weak to break them?"

"What? You think I've just been sitting around here waiting for you to wake up?"

I sigh back against the wall and let my head flop back. "How are your cuts doing? You don't feel weird, do you?"

He adjusts his dark hair over his forehead and tugs his shirt down, hiding both marks. "You mean do I feel like I'm changing into a pus-covered creepy old man?"

"That's not what I meant," I say. "I was just wondering if you were okay."

"I'm absolutely, one-hundred percent fine." He draws an X across his heart with his finger.

"Where are they?" I nod at the archway that leads to the front part of the cave.

"Eating dinner in the front of the cave." Sylas glances to his left. "Like they're one big happy family."

I stare at the cuffs on my wrists. "What is he trying to solve with this?"

"He thinks he's going to save you from making the wrong choices." Sylas sits up and faces me. "He thinks he's going to save you from turning out like me."

"It's not his choice whether I turn into a Day Taker or not."

"That's not the part of me he's trying to save you from." There's pain emitting from him, but he tries to bury it. Still, I detect a glimmer of hate directed at himself. I think of the happy little boy from my memory. Does he still exist somewhere inside?

"I killed someone once," I sputter suddenly, shocking both of us with my honesty.

"I know," he says quietly. "I remember."

I dig my nails into the palms of my hands as feelings of guilt suffocating me. I keep pushing until blood drips down my hands. Sylas smells it, but doesn't say a word. He lies on his back and shuts his eyes.

"We've all done bad stuff, Kayla," he says. "You just have to turn it off and move past it."

I use to be able to turn it off, but it's more difficult when I'm human. I sit in the quiet, trying to bury my feelings. Eventually, they fade, but it's not from my own strength. Sylas is giving me a sense of calm. And I don't fight it. I relax, pick up a sharp rock, and wait for someone to show up.

***

Sylas falls asleep. I've never seen him sleep, which makes me uneasy. The silver is getting to him-and maybe even Dominic's bite. I wonder how high the chances are of him mutating into a foul beast. I wonder how much silver it takes to kill him. I was told that silver only wounded and weakened, but never killed. But I was told a lot of things that weren't entirely accurate.

Finally, Maci enters our homemade dungeon. Her red hair is all over the place and her elbows are scuffed. I start to get to my feet until Ryder steps in behind her. She's cleaned up a little, her skin less filthy and her hair semi-combed. Her black jeans and grey shirt aren't torn.

"This is a great place for you two," she says, walking a line between us. "And you're together so that should make it easier." Sylas pretends to be asleep and Ryder shakes her head at him. "It's so nice to see him like this-finally in chains."

Clutching the rock in my hand, I rise to my feet. "What do you have against him?"

She kicks some dust at his face. "Other than he's a jerk?"

Sylas' eyes snap open and he dives for Ryder's leg. She hops back out of his reach and laughs.

"Nice try," she says. "But you'll have to do better than that."

He staggers to his feet and reaches for her neck, but the chains bind him back. She hunches over, clutching her side, laughing hysterically.

His face twists with rage, but something else flares in his eyes and his lips curve to a malicious grin.

"Actually the real reason she hates me so much," Sylas says, pleased with himself. "And you too Kayla, is that she was in love with me once, but I turned her down because of you."

I dip my eyebrows together, puzzled because I thought she was in love with Aiden.

Wrath scalds inside Ryder. She charges at Sylas, her hands enclosing around his neck. Sylas grabs her arms and pries her off him. Then he spins her around and smashes his elbow on top of her head. Ryder's black-outlined eyes cross and her body goes slack.

Sylas lowers her to the ground. "One down. Four more to go."

"Three," Maci beams. "I'm on your team. I'll go get the next one."

Sylas and I exchange confused looks as she skips off, swinging her arms.

"What a weird kid." He cocks his head at Ryder, his hair falling in his eyes. "She wants to blame everyone for her problems, but it's her own fault she was stuck in solitary all the time. She says it was because she wasn't special enough." He loops his arms under hers. "But that wasn't always it. Sure there were times Monarch locked her away because he didn't need her." He lets out a loud breath and heaves her into the corner. "But she was always causing problems with everyone."

"You were the one causing the problems." Aiden leans against the archway, arms folded, jaw tense. "You play with people's emotions too much." His eyes stray to me. "And cause people pain."

I jiggle the chains cuffing my wrists. "And what do you think this is?"

"I'm trying to help you, Juniper because I love you." His arms fall to his side as he walks over to me, just out of reach of the chains. "You say you're not sure if you're going to change, but you will if you keep hanging out with him. When you two are together, it's a disaster in the making."

"That day was my fault." I burn an intense gaze at him. "I thought Monarch was my dad."

"Monarch tricked you." Aiden takes a step toward me. "He disguised himself as your dad because he knew you'd run out of that pipe."

"But my dad was dead," I say. "I should have known better."

"You were only six years-old," he replies. "Much younger than some people who should have known better then to go to that stupid field at all."

I itch my head with the metal cuff. "They were kidnapping children. How come no one did anything about it?"

"Because they couldn't catch them." Aiden sighs. "And because a lot of people didn't want to believe it was going on."

"It was hard to believe that people could be stealing kids off the streets." Sylas prowls toward Aiden. "Dad didn't want to accept that the world had come to that."

"They were stealing them for experiments?" I ask. "So they could turn us into whatever we are now? Or were they using us as test rats to experiment the virus on."

"We were trying to save the human race from their own stupidity." The ice-cold voice sends a chill through the room.

The three of us slowly turn toward the archway. Our eyes round at the Higher filling up the only exit. His snow-white hair and white robe are blinding in the dimly lit cave. His pale eyes take us in lazily. I know those eyes.

"Gabrielle," I breathe, fully aware of the chains trapping me.

He takes a step in the room, his eyes taking in the low arch ceiling and the dirt floor. "I cannot fathom why anyone would want to trade in The Colony for living quarters like this. Then again, rebels are nothing more than filthy animals, so I guess it's a fitting place."

My jaw hangs to my knees. "How did you find us?"

He laughs lowly. "You wander around in my city-in my desert, and you're surprised that I found you. Plus, you set off the alarms in the underground." A pause of contemplation. "Or did you think you killed me, Kayla?"

I don't respond. Until now, I wasn't sure if he'd died when I stabbed him at The Gathering, since it has never been determined if I'm a Higher.

"You're not strong enough for that." He's standing close to Aiden and it makes me edgy. "To go up against invincibility, you'd have to be invincible yourself."

"Then why do you want me dead?" I tug Aiden toward me by the sleeve of his shirt. "If you're so invincible, why are you so determined to find me?"

"Because you're an abomination," He says simply. "You weren't supposed to exist anymore. But some people took it upon themselves to hide that you were still around, blending in with my Colony that I worked so hard to create."

I think of the glass cells. "But I was supposed to exist once."

"You were supposed to be destroyed after Monarch was finished with you," he says. "Just like everyone else from Cell 7." He looks at Sylas. "A few escaped undetected, though."

"How can you just kill everyone?" Aiden abruptly speaks. "How can you murder innocent people all because you want to?"

"Don't worry," he says to Aiden. "You weren't in Cell 7. You were just one of the unlucky ones that got mixed up in the weeding out. "

"You mean during The Gathering?" I say. "That's what you were doing-weeding people out."

"Only the ones that no longer served a purpose to us," he says. "Or should I say the ones that were in desperate need of rehabilitation." His eyes land on Sylas. "Although, Monarch was supposed to kill the unfixable ones."

"So why are we still alive then?" I ask. "If you have so much power over life and death, how did we survive?"

His mouth twists up. "Every system has its flaws. Dominic abandoned his rehabilitation mission. He was destroying the Highers instead of letting them grow and conquer. Plus, he gave too much freedom to his Colony. I learned too late that Dominic and Monarch were trying to create their own breeds to end our race."

Aiden shakes his head, refusing to believe him. "Dominic wasn't running a Colony."

"What do you think the underground was?" Gabrielle asks. "Did you really think you were hiding, undetected by the Highers? We are perfected in every way and we know everything that goes on."

"Huh," Sylas says with cynicism. "I didn't realize murder qualified as perfection."

Gabrielle's eyes caution Sylas to shut his mouth. "Death for the right reasons-to better the human race-is justifiable." He overlaps his hands behind his back and paces the floor. "You guys were probably too young to remember, but the world before the virus wasn't any better. In fact, it was worse. Death, hatred, rebellion, war, there was madness everywhere. Someone needs to control it-someone needs to be better than it. Medicine is a remarkable thing, but I have to give Monarch credit too. I came to him with an idea, and he created the virus better than I could have imagined."

I remember Cell 7, when I bit Gabrielle, back when he was a human. "You're lying," I say, but know I'm wrong.

"You know that's not true," Gabrielle's eyes shimmer with knowledge. He knows what I'm capable of.

I shake my head over and over again, denying what I've suspected all along. "Monarch wouldn't create a virus that could turn people into you."

"You think that's bad, it's only the beginning of it." He sighs. "There's no point in trying to explain the beauty of it all. You're feeble human mind can't grasp the deeper meaning here."

"Murder is murder," Aiden snaps, his fists and legs shaking. "And because we're human, it allows us to see there's no beauty in that."

He crosses his arms and cups his chin musingly, his eyes lingering on Aiden. "I was planning on killing all of you, but since you aren't one of the Cell 7 breed I'll give you a free pass. You can go back to The Colony with me."

There's no hesitancy from Aiden. "No, I'll never go back there."

"Very well then," the Higher says impassively. "But heroicness is a flaw not a gift."

"Wow, you're chalk full of twisted words of wisdom," Sylas says with mock shock. "Aren't you?"

Gabrielle raises his hand and strikes Sylas across the face. It's like metal hitting metal and Sylas winces, jerking the chains, which wave up and clip Gabrielle's skin.

He flinches back, his skin sizzling against the silver.

"Wow, a weakness," I say. "It's nice to know you have one."

He curses under his breath, words of his own language. Then he wipes all emotion from his faultless face and parts for the archway. "Like I said, every system has its flaws, but there are always ways to fix it."

"I'll go." The traitor's voice belongs to Ryder. She missteps to her feet, gripping her head. "I want to go with you... back to The Colony. Please take me with you."

Gabrielle eyes her unemotionally. "And you are?"

"Ryder Ayes," her voice slurs. "And I wasn't part of Cell 7."

Gabrielle rolls up his sleeves, showing his flawless skin. "Show me your number."

Ryder trips over her boots with her arms out. Gabrielle takes her wrist, pressing into her skin as he examines the short number.

"You're nothing but an Adepti," he remarks. "Why are you even out here? Only Belletors are selected for The Gathering. They're the only ones we watch."

"Monarch used me for experiments," she clarifies, her knees knocking together. "I just wasn't that important to him."

I glare at Ryder, a coward, weaseling her way back into The Colony and taking my memories with her.

"Ryder, what are you doing?" Aiden's heart is betrayed. "You don't want to go back there. You hated it, remember?"

Ryder stares at the cave wall. "I hate it out here just as much. And I don't want to struggle anymore."

Gabrielle tosses her arm aside. Ryder loses her balances and bumps into Sylas, who steps aside so she face plants it to the ground.

Ryder overlaps her fingers and starts to sob. "Please, I don't belong out here. I hate it!"

Gabrielle straightens his robe "Very well, you can come back." He kicks the lanterns over and glass and liquid pool the ground. He grabs Ryder's arm and pushes her out the archway. He takes a bottle from the pocket of his robe and squirts it all over the ground, until the red dirt is doused. Then he retrieves a box of matches and swipes the tip, lighting a flame. "Fire is a truly amazing thing. It's what concealed us from the others all this time-it's what protects us." He stares at the flame. "Of course, it also hurts like hell to be burned alive." He releases the flame onto the liquid. The floor ignites, smoke and fire spilling everywhere.

"Oh yes, and you." His eyes dagger at Sylas. "Don't think I've forgotten you. The one who kept sneaking into my Colony, thinking he was invincible, when you aren't even supposed to be alive." There's a shift in Gabrielle's eyes and it's the same look I wore when I killed the girl. Fangs slip from his lips and his eyes glimmer red.

Sylas' eyes widen and he leaps back, shocked. "What are you..."

The Higher moves without a sound and stabs his teeth into Sylas' neck. Blood soaks Sylas' neck, shirt, and arms. He stumbles back, blood pouring all over his body.

Gabrielle backs away and dabs the blood from his lips. An eruption of anger consumes me and I launch for him. For a moment, he's afraid. But when I hit the end of the chains, I'm jolted back and the metal punctures my skin. Gabrielle vanishes beneath the archway and the fire roars higher. Aiden jumps back to avoid being burned.

"Do you have the key to the cuffs?" I ask hastily. "Aiden please tell me you have the key."

He coughs coarsely as the smoke infests his lungs. "I'm so sorry, Juniper."

A line of fire blazes across the cave. Sylas huddles back, protecting his bitten neck, hacking from the smoke. "Well, somebody better do something, or we're all screwed."

Aiden takes my hand, his skin hot and sweaty. "I'm so sorry," he whispers again. "This is all my fault."

"Quit saying you're sorry and do something!" I yell, wrenching my hand from his. "Don't just give up!"

He looks at me like I've slapped him. I shake my head and whirl toward the wall. Winding the chains up my arms, I force them taut. I put one foot on the cave wall and plant the other on the ground. I close my eyes, calming my heart, and pull with all my might. The metal slashes my skin and every muscle in my body protests against the heat. I jerk harder.

"Come on," I whisper. "Please." Blood is dripping everywhere, but the cave wall starts to surrender. I skid back a little as the hooks begin to give, finally breaking from the wall. The force of their release sends me backward. I plummet on my back and the flames singe my hair. The chains and cuffs are still attached to my arms and when I stand, they drag across the ground. Aiden's at my side and directs me for the archway. But I shrug him off and back to the wall, eyes targeted on the flames.

"Kayla," Aiden runs for me. "Don't."

"Just get the others out!"

He reaches for me, but I sprint for the fire and spring on my toes. As I fly through the air, with heat melting my shoes, I tell myself I'm not afraid of death. I'm afraid of living with the heavy burdens of the "what if's?"

What if I would have gone home that day? What if Monarch didn't choose me? What if I walked away and I let Sylas burn? The last one I won't live with.

I land with a heavy thud and roll my ankle. Shaking off the pain, I shield my eyes and feel my way to him through the smoke. "Sylas!" I cough.

He's right in front of me. "That was a stupid move," he jokes. "You should have just left. It's what I would have done," he lies.

I grab hold of his chains, the links scorching hot. "Just shut up and help me."

He takes the other chain, breathing through his nose as the silver dissolves his skin. We both throw our weight into it. Our skin beads with sweat and flames crackle at our backs. The silver creaks, swaying and bending, before the links snap just below the cuffs. We're flung backward, landing near the flames. Sylas' sleeve catches on fire and he rolls in the dirt until it burns out.

He struggles to his feet, the small amount of silver on his wrists draining his energy. I put his arm around my neck and duck my head down as I head for the archway. The whole room ignites behind us and the smoke chases us into the next room. Everything's clouded, but I hear coughing and panicked voices.

"Where are you guys!" I scream, shaking off the potency of their fears.

"Kayla." Maci's hand slips into mine. "We can't get out. The rock's in the way."

Sylas' feet slip from under him and he flops to the ground, his eyes rolling into the back of his head.

"Stay with him," I tell Maci. I weave through the smoke, searching for the exit. When I reach it, Aiden, Cedrix, and Greyson are there, pushing with all their strength. Greyson carries a long silver-bladed sword with a razor-sharp tip. I briefly think of the damage I could have caused to Gabrielle, if I was the fighter I used to be. I squeeze between Cedrix and Aiden, who fears I'll never forgive him for this.

"It's not your fault," I tell him. "Now quit worrying about whether or not I'm mad at you and push."

It relieves some of the pressure he's feeling, and that's exactly what we need-it will make him stronger.

"On the count of three," Greyson hollers. He turns his head to his shoulder and coughs. "One, two, three!"

We shove, but the massive rock doesn't dislodge, scrapping our hands bare.

"He was really trying to keep us in here," Greyson remarks, with a nervous laugh as he peeks back at the fire and smoke. "I don't think this rock's going anywhere."

I glance over my shoulder. The flames are scorching almost every inch of the cave. I rub my eyes from the sting of the smoke.

"Push again," I order, refusing to give up.

They press their hands against the rock, with a heavy amount of hopelessness pumping through their bodies. We shove hard, faces growing red, joints popping, and Cedrix slips to the floor. He turns over and leans against the rock.

"Sometimes you have to accept the inevitable," he says to no one in particular.

"Like hell I will." I crash my shoulder into the rock repeatedly. My skin bruises and welts. "Damn it!"

Aiden touches my arm, trying to turn me to him. "Kayla, stop. You're only hurting yourself."

I shuck him off and ram my body into the rock. I slip in the dirt and give the rock a hard kick. I want to cry, but I won't. It's not my time to go yet. I still have to save the world.

A hand extends above me. "Need help?" Sylas asks with hilarity, which is completely unfitting for the situation.

I take his hand and let him pull me up. He's weak, but refuses to let it get the best of him.

"On the count of three?" he asks with a c*ck of his eyebrow.

I nod and rest my hands against the rock.

"One, two, three," he says and gives it everything he has left in him.

My feet lose traction against the dirt as I push on the boulder with more strength than I own. Cedrix, Greyson, and Aiden join in. Even Maci throws her best effort into it. The whole cave is about to erupt in flames when the rock finally glides, jarring our bodies forward. It builds us with enough hope that it reboots our adrenaline and we thrust it the rest of the way. It crashes down the hill. Rocks shoot in the air and a cloud of dust and smoke flares behind. We barrel out, hacking, coughing, and falling to the rocky ground.

I sink to my knees, inhaling the fresh air. My skin is charred with ash and chains dangle from my wrists. But relaxation mellows my body. We made it. We all survived.

My eyes sting when I look up, but not because of the smoke. Because darkness has fell and vampires have taken over the night.

Chapter 18

Maci screams. The noise shockwaves through the night and instigates mayhem amongst the vampires. Their eyes dart to the hill and their mouths salivate. With Sylas hurt and the rest of us spent, we are easy prey.

"Well, if they didn't know we were here before," Sylas says, dropping to the side of me, "they sure as hell do now."

Maci's fear blasts me brutally and I falter to the rocks, splitting my palm open. Cupping the blood in my hand, I glance at the cave engulfed in flames. My eyes rise to the top of the cliff, the only way to go.

"We have to climb up!" I shout. My feet blunder against the rocks as I take Maci's hand.

She coughs and clutches on as we head to the top. Sylas lags behind us, desperately trying to break the silver cuffs from his wrists. Cedrix struggles to brace his weight at the hill's sharp incline, which slopes even steeper at the top.

I pause, taking in the severity of the situation. Then I let go of Maci's hand. "Keep going," I tell her. "Follow Sylas to the top."

Sylas freezes, sucking on his burnt finger "What are you going to do?"

"Just keep going," I say and face the bottom.

Aiden and Greyson are just to my left. Greyson grasps the sword as he fights to walk up the rocks. Aiden starts for me, but I shake my head. He needs to stop trying to save me, whether it be from the decisions I make or from the vampires.

I point my finger to the top of the cliffs, my eyes pressing. "Keep going."

He slows down, shaking his head. "Don't even think about it. You've got blood all over you."

"I'll be fine," I say. "I'm immune. Remember?"

His eyes plead for me to stay, but when he realizes this isn't going to happen, he steals the sword from Greyson. Hesitating briefly, he tosses it to me. I extend my arm out and catch it. But I lose my balance, step on the chains, and trip. I tumble down the hill, hit mid-center and flip forward, summersaulting toward the bottom. Rocks stab at my knees. I stick my feet out, digging my boots into the dirt. I skid to a rough stop and let out a groan.

Blood oozes from my knees and hands, but when I look back at the hill, I feel satisfied in a strange way. Everyone is still climbing up and that's what I want.

An eerie feeling consumes me as I take in how many there are.

"This isn't going to end well, is it?" I say to myself, twirling the blade awkwardly in my hands.

The vampires half-circle me. They inhale my scent and it drives them mad. Their heads shake frenetically as they determine whether to run, or eat me. Then their eyes bleed and I have my answer. They stalk inward, some roaming to the back. I turn in a circle, towing the chains, and holding the blade out. An average height vampire, with thin lips and large beady eyes, leans forward to get a whiff of me. I bring the knife down on him, but his arm shoots up and blocks it effortlessly. It tips its scabbed chin back and howls at the smoky sky. The others follow, spitting blood and saliva all over my boots.

Then they charge. I switch the sword around, my movements lethargic and sloppy. I keep faltering over the chains. The blade nicks a chunk of skin off a vampire without a nose. I'm about to internally celebrate when one sinks its teeth into my neck. My hand shoots to the bite and I hunch over, grunting from the burn. It spits my blood back out like it's potent. But vampires are not bright creatures and it bores its fangs into my neck again and again. I'm taken down in a sea of fleshless beasts that reek of death. I grip my sword tightly, attempting to stab anything that moves as bite marks cover my skin. Their weight becomes too much and I feel my bones breaking.

Dizziness incapacitates me. So this is how I die? Smashed and bitten to death by vampires? It's not how I pictured it. Through a small gap, I see the sky and wish I could have seen the stars just once. Perhaps, in one of my memories I do.

Suddenly, the vampires are jerked off me, one by one, and a hand snakes its way inside the mob. I grab on, not caring who it is, and they heave me out.

The vampires immediately encase us, the blood in their eyes drizzling like a rainstorm.

"What the hell are you doing!" I yell at Sylas, positioning the sword at the vamps.

We huddle back to back, moving in a circle.

"Saving your ass," he jokes over his shoulder, but he's tense and nervous.

"Why? You ran off the last time this happened." I swipe the sword at a vampire, but miss by a long shot. "What? Did you get knocked over the head with a stupid stick sometime between then and now?"

"Witty banter during a fight," he flips around and bares his fangs, "it's like we're made for each other."

I sigh and attempt a Roundhouse kick, like I used to do at Bellator practice all the time. But my leg buckles at the knee and I drop to the ground hard. Sylas instantly pulls me up, steals the sword from me, and brings it down hard on the back of a rotting vampire's neck, beheading it. It breaks into ash and the others shriek with murder.

Everything goes downhill from there. They mob us and trample us to the ground. I can't spot Sylas through the dust and fleshless legs, but I catch sight of the hill. My heart drops. Vampires line the peak of the cliff, eyeing Greyson, Cedrix, Aiden, and Maci, who are barreling down the hill, arms flying. One of the vampires flings from the ledge, landing behind Cedrix. He takes him to the ground and I let out a scream as I'm yanked back by my ankle. I fumble through decaying bodies for the sword and find Sylas' soaked hand instead. I shove a vampire back and dive over to him.

His hand's draped over his stomach and blood splatters his torn shirt.

"Where's it coming from." I scan him over and reach for his arm. "Sylas, are you bit?"

He clamps down on my hand, puts his finger to my lips, and places the sword into my hand. Then his eyes shut and I'm not sure if he's dead or unconscious. Rage blisters my veins. I bound to my feet and ram my elbow into the nearest vampire's head over and over again. I don't stop, even when its mouth spurts blood. I keep going until it's on the ground and surge the sword through its heart. It shifts to bones and ash. I whirl, ready for the next one.

Instead, I get a moment that will alter my life forever. Vampires swathe the land. They are everywhere. Sylas is down on the ground, bleeding to death. Cedrix is missing and Maci, Aiden, and Greyson are trapped on a thin lip of the cliff. Smoke streams from the cave and the sky shows no sign of morning.

I always planned to make my decision carefully. After spending most of my life doing what someone else desired, I wanted to make sure that becoming a Day Taker was what I wanted. But it was no longer about that. It was about what was right. And standing by, watching everyone get eaten or infected isn't something I can live with.

Running to a small gap, I kneel down. My hand shakes as I reach into my pocket and take out the vial and syringe. Irreversibly, I bite the cap off the needle, stab it into the vial, and extract the black liquid. The thought never crossed my mind, when I found the vial, that it might not be the right medicine. But there's no time for a test experiment. I breathe through my nose and thrust the needle into my forearm. The medicine heats through my blood and my heartbeat's solid. Thump, thump. Thump, thump.

My eyes round and my lungs expand as the medicine courses up my body. I pant, ragged breaths that suffocating me. My skin feels like it's melting. My mind shorts out. I fall to the ground, the vial slipping from my hand. I lie in the sand immobile, watching the bloodshed.

Then I die.

Chapter 19

"Kayla, just breathe" Aiden whispers, his honey eyes filled with worry. Chains bind him to the blood-stained wall. "You can do it, just breathe."

I lie on my back, my body pumped full of various medicines. Needles implant my skin and every muscle in my body screams. I'm burning up, my skin as hot as fire. I shut my eyes, panting, wanting to get up, but the pain constraints me to the concrete floor.

"I want to die," I murmur. There's a knife by Aiden's ankle. "I can't take this anymore. Aiden, please just kill me."

He shakes his head and kicks the knife to the side. "I won't do it Kayla. I love you too much."

I cough up blood and it drowns my lungs. Tears slip down my cheeks as the medicine eats away at my heart, my mind, my skin. It's been going on for days, maybe even weeks, a test which we're failing. "Aiden, I can't take it anymore. Please."

He slides onto his stomach until the chains reach the end. He extends his hand and his fingers brush the tips of mine. "I won't let you go," he whispers. "I love you too much."

I feel his love burning through his blood and at that moment, part of me loves him back. But part of me hates him for loving me so much that he'd rather see me suffer then let me go. And for a brief second, I wish he was Sylas. Because Sylas wouldn't watch me suffer.

***

I hear my heart die. I feel my breath leave me. My wounds fasten up and a shiver of change engulfs me. Fangs slip from my mouth and my body is not my own. It belongs to death.

My eyes shoot open and the darkness no longer renders me. I see everything, feel it in my bones. The night is part of me. My arms stretch upward, and I break the metal cuff from my wrists. I incline my body to stand and walk through the ravaged vampires, my eyes lined with the sword. A vampire smashes into me, but my feet stay planted, secured to the ground by my inhuman strength. I meet its blood soaked eyes, spring my knee up, and hook kick it. My boot crushes into its back and sends it to the ground. Placing my heel on its chest and restricting it down, I scoop up the sword, lift it above my head, and drive it into the vampire's chest. It squeals at the night and combust into ash. I tug out the sword, the handle aligning perfectly in the palm of my hand. I march to where the vampires crowd Sylas. With a spin on my heel, I stick out the sword and they pile powerlessly to the ground. I move like I'm invisible, slaying each one straight in the heart. By the time I'm done, a thick ring of ash encircles me.

Sylas lies in the sand, the blood from his stomach ceasing. His eyes are black coals as he watches me with a mixture of astonishment and exhilaration.

"What did you do?" he asks, pressing down on his wound.

I lean above him, my hair curtaining my face. "I did what I had to do." I bust the silver cuffs from his wrist, disregarding the silver burning my skin.

His eyes don't leave me as I help him to his feet. I focus on the hill where Aiden, Maci, and Greyson are trapped by a long row of vampires. Cedrix is gone; I smell his death in the air. It hurts my unbeating heart, but I don't have time to grieve. I have three others to save.

Sylas blinks and fixates on the slain vampires that are nothing more than ash. Then his eyes focus to the flat land, where more vampires are heading for us, looking for something to eat in a desert scarce with food.

"Did you get bit?" My eyes do a quick sweep of his body.

He moves his hand away and the wound in his chest is shrinking, sealing back up. "No, I was just stabbed. That's all."

"Then help me," I say, pointing to the others, imprisoned on the ledge. "Help me save them."

He motions at the hill. "Lead the way."

We dash into the darkness, side-by-side, and it's the most natural thing I've ever experienced. I'm aware of every bush, leaf, and creature, the way my body flows together, the way my legs carry me up the hill. It's better than when I was a Bellator. I'm strong, faster, more graceful.

The slipping rocks don't stand a chance against my feet as I surge upward, past the smoky cave and to the ledge. I stop just short of the cliff and face Sylas.

"I'll distract them," I say. "And you get them out of here. Go up on the side and take them out of here-find the nearest cave and hide."

He glances down at the land, and for a moment, he deliberates bolting, running back to his city-saving himself.

"Sylas." I draw him back to me. "They need your help. Save them."

He nods and we part. I hike to the left, the sword hanging loosely in my hand. My eyes never waver from the vampires, who stalk closer to Aiden, Maci, and Greyson. Maci is terrified, clutching onto Aiden's hand for dear life. Greyson trembles as he debates if he'd rather fall off the cliff or be bit.

Sylas creeps around the side and ducks under the lip of the cliff. I speed up, my arms surging to the side of me, my feet hardly touching the ground. I tip my head down and barrel for the vampires. They don't see me coming. There is no hesitation as I give a springing leap and submerge into the midst of them. As I'm airborne, I side kick the nearest vampire in the head. Its bones crack against the force and it shrieks, creating frenzy amongst the rest. They turn from Aiden and the others, looking for me. But when they smell my scent, they reverse their attention back. I raise the sword back and sling it forward, through the back of a vampire, straight through the heart, and out the other side.

It poofs into dust and I move to the next one. It takes a swipe at my face, no longer desiring to eat me, only protect itself. I swing my arm up and block it, our flesh connecting. Its teeth drip blood and spit. We circle each other and it yelps at me. I hiss back, barring my fangs. Behind it, Sylas sneaks to the ledge and lowers Maci to the ground. Aiden watches me through the madness, longing to run to me. Sylas peeks over and tugs on his pant leg. They argue momentarily and then shaking his head, Aiden disappears over the edge. Once Greyson is gone, I jump into action because the vampires have figured out their food is getting away.

I stab the one in front of me and shove my way through the rest, pushing out of the mass. I jump on the flat section of the cliff, putting myself between the vampires. If they want to chase them, they are going to have to get through me first. Unsure what I am, they test me, smelling the air, stepping forward and backwards. Their fangs quiver with hunger, their eyes bleeding to hunt. One finally dares to inch forward with its hands skinned to bone and half of its face demolished by the disease. Its head spasms, then deciding it's going to take me out, it charges. The rest follow. I swing, gaining momentum and slice at the vampire. It dodges back, the tip of the knife barely missing it. I don't miss a beat. I curl my fist around and uppercut its withered jaw. Its fangs clank together and stunned, it stumbles. I stab the knife in its heart and it wilts to ash. Seeing I'm a threat to their species, the rest attack. I move like the wind, kicking, swinging, spinning, spearing them in the heart. They flutter to the ground, pieces of ash mixing with the sand.

I pause, realizing that my slaying is only bringing more, like they want to sacrifice themselves, like they are begging me to put them out of their misery.

I glance at the sky, which is shifting to morning grey. Why aren't they bailing? They cover the cliff and some sneak in from behind. I veer the sword to the left and the right, taking two more out. Then it happens. The sky attains the point where greyness possesses the earth. It spans the sand like a giant wave, drifting across the vampires, who burst into flames that sizzle at the sky. Their shrieks fill the air, painful and tormented. As the line of morning grows closer I run, descending off the ledge, and slide underneath a small square of shade.

The entire land roars in fire, smoke, and cries. It goes on forever, irrevocably silencing. I relax against the jagged cliff and set the knife on the ground. I twist my hair up in a knot, my skin drenched in sweat and blood. That's when it hits me. I'm the walking dead. I no longer have a pulse or breath, and I drink blood.

I tuck my fangs into my mouth. I can no longer walk outside during the day without harming myself or hiding beneath a jacket.

"You are different, Kayla," Monarch whispers. "I broke all the rules with you, so never assume anything. You are my Day Walker."

My gaze flickers to the left and the right. With attentiveness, I edge my hand out until my fingertips brush the light. My skin warms to a natural temperature and I let my hand stay there. Grabbing the sword, I push out and stand with the greyness of morning covering my body.

I glance over my shoulder at the sand stained with ash. Then I start down the hill, the one and only Day Walker. I walk alone.

Chapter 20

They aren't difficult to track. They leave a scent so potent it travels for miles. I hook the sword through my belt loop and trek across the sand and sage brush. I go straight to their hideout, a small cave tucked between two sandy mounds and a row of fiery red rocks. I journey from rock to rock and stand in front of the entrance. A massive red boulder is shoved against the arc of the cave. Fear leaks through the cracks and enters my body. It's then I realize how numb I've been. During battle, I was like a machine. And even now, my emotions are at a steady vacancy.

I sit on a flat rock, needing a minute to gather the numbness that is overcoming me. Maybe this is why Aiden didn't want me to change. However, if I hadn't, they wouldn't be hiding in the cave. I deicide I won't regret the choice I made.

I push up and heave the rock out of the way. Aiden, Greyson, and Maci are curled in the back of the cave. When the light hits them, they blink frantically. Maci starts to get up, eager to run to me, but Aiden puts an arm in front of her.

"Kayla, are you okay?" She blinks.

"She's fine," Aiden says with aggravation. He looks at Greyson. "You ready to go? If we're going to find a place before dark, we should get started now."

I remain beneath the archway, half in the light, half out. "Where's Sylas?"

On cue, Sylas strides around the corner, leaning in my face, one hand gripping onto the arch above our heads, the other resting on his side. His hair hangs in his dark eyes.

His gaze notes the golden land just behind me. "So you can walk in the light," he says with a bit of envy.

I nod and tip to the side, aiming my attention at Aiden. "You can let Maci go. I'm not going to hurt her."

He glowers at me. "I'm not taking any chances with you."

Shaking my head, I stomp over to him. My sudden closeness surprises him and he shuffles back.

I hold out my hand. "Come with me for a minute."

"No thanks." He's afraid of me.

I wrap my hand around his, entwining our fingers, and pull him to his feet. He tries hard to stay mad as I escort him to archway, but his skin touching mine chips away at his fury. Sylas shoots us a dirty look before skulking back into the shadows. When we step into the greyness, his fear diminishes. Seeing me in the light brings him a sense of peace.

I drop his hand and we travel over the rocks. I hop from one to the other. With effort, he keeps up with me. I bound from the last one and sit in the sand. He takes a seat next to me and we stare at the sky.

"So you're one of them now," he says softly. "You're a Day Taker."

"A Day Walker," I clarify. "I'm not completely the same as them."

He hesitates. "Why did you do it, Juniper? Why did you have to change?"

"I didn't change. I'm still the same person," I lie. "And I did it because you guys would have died if I didn't."

"Cedrix died," he breathes quietly, his chest trembling as he fights back the tears.

"I know."

He inhales, sucking back the tears. "You know he was the one who found me after The Gathering. I was trapped in the body bag and couldn't get out. I probably would have died if he hadn't shown up. And then, to make matters worse, there was a flood and the land was soaked. It took us ages to get to the hillside-so long that night hit."

"If Cedrix wouldn't have shown up," my voice holds carefulness, "would you have done it? Would you have changed to survive?"

He swallows hard. "No, I never wanted to be one of them. It's who I am."

"Behind the red door, you wouldn't kill me, even though I was suffering." I shut my eyes, recalling the memory. "You wouldn't let me go even to spare me pain."

"You remember that?" he asks. "I thought Monarch would have put that one in my head."

I tilt my head at him, my hair slipping from the knot and covering my shoulders. "You don't know everything he put in there?"

He shakes his head. "Sometimes I can grasp them, like when I'm sleeping, or when I'm close to you. But not everything."

"So if I want to remember everything," I say. "I need Ryder."

"Ryder's gone." His jaw tightens. "We're going to have to do without her."

"No, she's not gone. Just detained," I say. "And I'm going to get her back."

He presses his shoulder into mine, wanting to touch me, even though he fears me. "She doesn't deserve to be free. She made her choice and bailed on the rest of us."

"Oh, I'm not doing it for her," I tell him. "I only want her for my memories. That's all. Then, if you want, we can let the Day Takers have her."

His expression is pained. "I don't want her to suffer. Just like I didn't want you to suffer. I don't want anyone I love to suffer." His eyes line with my lips and he wants to kiss me. But knowing what I am holds him back. He gets to his feet and dusts the dirt from his jeans. "We should get a plan going and figure out what we're going to do next."

"Is there still a we?" I wonder aloud.

He pauses, his muscles tensing. "I'll always be there for you, Kayla, whether you're human or not. That's one thing no one can take away."

"Aiden," I start, about to ask him why he won't save himself. He knows he'll die if he doesn't become a Day Taker. But I stop, not wanting to feel the emotions trying to sneak up on me. "Never mind."

He nods and ascents over the rocks, fading inside the cave. I sit for a while, staring at the sky, feeling the alteration in my body. Every nerve-ending is connected, working my body as one. My mind is alive and determined, but there is deadness in it, something I've never felt before. Eventually, I get up and head back to the cave, ready to move on, ready to start saving the world.

Chapter 21

Sylas is waiting for me in the cave. He's inclined back, with his legs blocking the entrance. His gaze bores into me. "Did you two have a nice chat?" he asks with a sly smile. "Did he forgive you for your horrendous decision?"

"I didn't apologize for what I did," I inform him. "I only apologize for the things I'm sorry for and this isn't one of them."

He bites at his lip, slightly taken back. "You don't regret that you're now the living undead?" He moves in front of me. "That you don't have a pulse or a breath? That you're no longer human?"

"Do you regret the decision?" I confront him with a lift of my chin.

He stares blankly at me. "There wasn't a decision to make. Either I did it, or I died."

"Not necessarily," I say. "Humans can survive if they're careful."

He leans in, putting his mouth up to my ear. "I'm going to let you in on a little secret. Aiden and I are the same. Monarch created both of us and broke both of us. The only way out was to choose death." He leans back, wavering his hand in front of him. "Well, life and death since I'm technically both."

I glance at Aiden. "How long does he have before he... dies?"

"Only Monarch knows that." Sylas shrugs. "Now can we move on from death and get onto life. You still have the map, right?"

"Who says we're going to the tunnel next?"

"You were just about to announce it, weren't you?" He taunts me with an all-knowing grin.

"Yes, but-"

"But nothing," he talks over me. "Now go give your little speech about our next big plan to save the world."

I frown. "You're referring to me like I'm the leader?"

"You have everything that can save us, so yeah, you're the leader now."

Am I a leader now? I walk to the back of the cave with Sylas at my heels. Greyson, Maci, and Aiden are huddled together underneath an indented section of the cave wall. Maci's eyes are red and her forehead has a gash across it. A piece of a torn shirt cloaks her hand and she's missing a shoe. Greyson is dotted with bruises, his red hair stained a dark red from the blood of an open wound. Aiden is scratched, bruised, and there's a thin red line tracing above his eyebrow, a mark which might end up healing into a scar, just like he used to have.

Even though I spent countless days in the hospital with Monarch, these are unknown injuries, ones I wish I could fix, but can't without the aid of Monarch's healing injections.

"I need to know what you guys want to do?" I ask. "I'm going-"

"We're going," Sylas interjects.

"We're going to the tunnels to search for some answers and maybe even a cure if we're lucky. I'm actually hoping that I might be right and that Cell 7 has another entrance into The Colony. Maybe we could sneak in from there."

"How the hell do you know how to get there?" Aiden asks in a near panic. "Did you remember it on your own or something? Because even I can't remember it."

I quickly explain what happened during Sylas and mine's detour to the underground hideout, where we found Dominic and the map. But omit some of the more gory details.

"Dominic isn't a vampire," Aiden says. "He can't be."

"I never said he was," I remind him, not bothering to point out that he's dead and no longer is anything. "He was some kind of crossbreed."

"But who created the crossbreed?" Aiden rubs the back of his neck. "And you said the Highers are feeding off vampires... why?"

"That's another question to add to our endless list," I shrug and pause. "Everyone thought Dominic was helping everyone, when really he was running his own little Colony."

"I guess, in a way, he wasn't really that bad." Sylas rests his hand on the wall behind me. "He didn't completely listen to the Highers and kept them in the dark... for a while."

"He turned everyone over to the Highers," Aiden snaps. "There wasn't any good in him."

"Sometimes you have to take the good with the bad," I state to no one in particular. "No one is completely good."

Aiden disagrees. "Your view on life has totally been distorted by medicine and a certain doctor."

For a minute I consider hitting him.

"There has to be cure," I tell everyone, changing the subject. "I'm walking proof that there is. We just need to find it. And right now, everything I know points to Cell 7. It's where this all started and I mean everything. Highers and all."

"How do you know that's where the cure is?" he asks. "Just because the virus started in Cell 7, doesn't mean it ends there."

"Do you have a better idea?" I ask.

He shrugs, surrendering. "Do whatever you want. You've proved more than enough times that my opinion doesn't matter."

Sylas makes a growling sound and scratches his fingers the air. "I feel the claws coming out."

"I want to go with you, Kayla." Maci interrupts and clings to my hand. "Please take me with you."

I look to Aiden for help, but he brushes me off. "If she wants to go, then let her go." He pauses. "At least to the edge of the city anyway. But not in the Cell 7. It's too dangerous."

"And leave her there with the Day Takers?" I ask. "I don't think that's such a great idea."

"No, don't leave her with the Day Takers." Aiden stands and pops his neck. "I'm going with you. And I'll watch her while you're gone."

I'm wary of the idea. "I don't think that such a good idea. And besides, you just said you didn't think the answers are in Cell 7. And you really don't want to be around me anymore."

"Where else are we going to go?" he asks baffled. "We have nothing left out here for us."

"So instead you want to go with a Day Taker and a Day Walker?" I question. "Why am I not buying this?"

"You know I'm not lying," he says.

I waver, because he's not lying.

He forces a smile. "What Juniper? Am I not worthy to go with you anymore?"

I shake my head. "No, I just...worry."

Sylas pats me on the back. "See you're not completely a Day Taker. You're perfectly capable of experiencing human emotion, something we don't possess."

I almost call out his lie, but back off because he'd only deny it. "So we're all going, then? At least to the edge of the city?"

We exchange agreeing looks and then our eyes dart to Greyson.

"Greyson?" Aiden asks. "Are you coming?"

He traces a circle in the dirt. "I'll go, but after we bury Cedrix. He deserves that much."

"Bury?" I ask, adjusting my sword in my belt. "What does that mean?"

"It's our way of mourning," Aiden explains with a subdued tone. "Whenever someone died at hillside, we'd bury them in the ground to show our respect."

I don't understand what they're feeling, but they seem to really want to bury Cedrix. "Okay, we can go back, but we need to hurry. And we're not walking at night. That's still a rule, as much as it's related to The Colony. At least for you four."

"Why the hell am I put in the same category as them?" Sylas asks amused and partially offended. "Let's not forget what I am."

My gaze downfalls to his abdomen. "I'm not forgetting, but I still don't think it's a good idea."

He quickly protects the injury with his hand and pulls his hair farther over his forehead. "Yeah, but I heal," he points out and slowly lowers his hand, showing me his smooth skin, crusted with blood. "See, healed."

"Do whatever you want." I turn for the arch. "I can't make you do anything."

He follows me, laughing under his breath. "Maybe you could, if you really, really wanted to."

I shake my head, hoping Aiden doesn't hear him, or see the smile threatening at my lips.

Before we leave, I make everyone empty their pockets to check what we have. "No water. No food." I count down on my fingers. "One knife, a sword, and an empty bottle. A pocket watch, matches and the map. A flashlight and a..." I collect the spool. "And a thing of wire."

Greyson shrugs, with his hands in his pockets. "It might come in handy. You never know. Besides, Maci told me to put it in my pocket before the fire started."

"That's it." I rub my temples. "That's all we have."

Maci runs up and adds a glass vial to the pile. "And this too!"

Sylas and I trade inquisitive glances and I pick up the vial. "Does anyone know what this is?"

We all lean over and peer at the vial resting in the palm of my hand.

"What color is that?" Greyson asks. "White?"

Aiden plucks the vial from my hand. "It's more like clear, with a swirl of different colors."

"Like a rainbow," Maci states proudly.

"What's a rainbow?" We ask simultaneously.

She points at the sky and curves her finger in the air. "It's the color that arches across the sky after it rains. Don't worry, you'll find out soon."

I take the vial from Aiden and hold it between my finger and thumb. "Maci, where did you get this?"

"The Higher gave it to me when he came to the cave." She skips around the rock.

Out of the corner of my eye, Aiden moves to swat the vial out of my hand. I react quickly, closing my hand.

"Aiden, calm down," I say. "We don't even know what it is."

"It's from the Highers," he snaps, his honey eyes burning golden. "And we don't even know what it is."

"Gabrielle said it would help me through the fire," Maci beams. She's taken off her shoe and dips her toes in the sand. "But I didn't take it because I knew Kayla would save us."

"What else do you know Maci?" I constrict my fingers around the vial.

"I can't tell you yet." She cups her hand around her mouth and whispers, "Not until the time is right."

She sounds just like Monarch.

"When will the right time be?" I set the vial on the rock.

"Soon, Kayla." She hops on a rock. "Very, very soon."

"She's so weird," Greyson mutters. "It's like she can tell what's going to happen before it happens, yet she won't tell you unless she wants to."

"It's because I can't," Maci sings-songs. "Not until I know for sure that what I'm seeing is going to happen. Sometimes it changes." She ducks under a tunnel, burrowing through the rock.

Putting my boot on the vial, I press down, shattering it in pieces. All their attention centers on me.

"You're right," I say. "If it's from the Highers, it's probably not a good thing. But I would like to know why Gabrielle gave it to Maci to help her through the fire. If he wanted to save her, why didn't he just take her with him?"

"That's an answer she might know." Sylas crosses his arms and indicates his head at Maci. "Now whether you can get her to tell you or not, is a whole other story."

Apprehension rises in me as I take another glimpse at our small pile of stuff. "How are we going to survive?"

"We'll be fine," Sylas makes a point. He picks a twig off his black, torn shirt and flicks it to the ground. "We don't have to eat, just drink. And there are plenty of ways to get around that."

Aiden gapes at him. "You're not drinking blood?"

"Oh, we still drink blood." He licks his lips, eyes glued to me.

I frown at him, knowing what he's referring to. I saw it a few times during my stay with the Day Takers. They feed off each other. I find it weird and unnatural and I hope Monarch made sure to include a blood-free thirst in me. But only time will tell.

I want to tell them that we need to skip the burial, but the looks on their faces stops me. So we pack up our knife, flashlight, and wire and descend over the hills onto the land. Aiden carries Maci on his back, because her legs are tired, and Greyson barely utters a word.

When we reach the spot where Cedrix was last seen, we only find bare dirt.

Aiden looks up at the top of the hill and then down at the bottom. "This is where we saw him... where he died." He scratches his head.

"Sometimes when vampires attack, there isn't anything left." Sylas squats down to inspect the ground.

"There has to be something left," Greyson says, marching up the hill with determination. "He can't be gone completely."

Sylas furrows his eyebrows at the ground and then his gaze travels downward.

"What is it?" I ask. "Do you see something?"

He gives me a pressing look and that's when I hear it. A heart beating, only it's broken, offbeat and too slow for it to be human. I nod at Sylas, understanding what he's thinking.

"Get them up to the top of the hill," I instruct "And I'll go check it out."

We head our separate ways, but I grasp his hand and lure him back. "And don't tell them," I say. "Not until I know for sure."

He nods, understanding. He slips his hand from mine and climbs up the hill. I head for the cave, aware that what I'm about to walk into isn't going to be pretty. I lower myself over a ridge and drop down in front of the mouth of the cave. The fire has stifled, only a small path of smoke lingers. A pulse rhythms inside, skipping beats and thudding an occasional extra one.

Thump...thump. Thump, thump, thump...thump

Gliding my sword from my belt loop, I cross the line into the dark. "Cedrix," I call out. "Are you in here?"

The pulse statics. A bang and then a figure zips across the cave.

Raising the sword, I walk to the center. The walls, ceiling, and crates are charred. The floor is singed black and the air is hot.

"Cedrix," I step vigilantly. "It's Kayla. Are you okay?"

In a flash, he pounces from the shadows, but a small sliver of light catches his shedding skin and he lurches back. "Kayla," he gasps. "It's Cedrix."

"I know." I carry the sword to the side of me and proceed into the shadows. He's hunched against the cave wall, shuddering at the sight of his torn skin.

"I think I was bit," he says. "I think I might be changing."

I take in the sight of him, hungry eyes, bones exposing through his bloody skin, fangs stabbing out from his mangled lips. "Cedrix, tell me how I can help. There's Day Taker medicine back at the underground hideout. Would that help? Could you still change?"

He shakes his head. "Once you're bit, that's it, Kayla. Day Taker or human, the bite affects everyone the same. Except you."

"Do you know things, Cedrix?" I ask. "About me? About a cure?"

He shutters as he drops to the ground, begging his body to grasp onto his humanity. "I was a doctor at The Colony before I became one at the hillside," he begins. "I came in a little later than the originals, but nonetheless I knew what was going on."

"The original virus?" I ask, lowering myself to the ground.

He shakes his head slowly. "The original doctors. Only you know them as the Highers."

"The Highers were once doctors?" I ask, remembering the people dressed in white-coats, watching me murder the girl in Cell 7.

He rubs his face tensely and some of his flesh crusts away. "You have to understand that, at the time, the world was obsessed with curing everything at whatever cost. Things from diseases, to looks, to misbehavior."

"Everyone wanted this?" I question. "That's really hard to believe."

"No." He coddles his arms to his chest. "Not everyone. Many people believed in being who they were, but there were some who didn't agree-who wanted to make everything their way. Or as they say, they wanted the world to be perfect-controllable."

I nod, understanding. "They wanted it like The Colony."

He starts to smile, but hacks and blood splatters from his mouth. "That was the goal, but things didn't end up exactly how they wanted." A pause as he smears the blood from his lips. "Kayla, do you know what the term vampire means?"

I shrug, shaking my head. "Aren't there multiple terms for them?"

"In our world there are," he replies softly. "But back before this all started the majority of people looked at them as one way: beautiful, perfect, invincible. Of course, there were downfalls to all that perfection, something the doctors found out when they tried to create their own line of "vampire" medicine. The first and biggest one was greed."

"What's greed?"

He gives a soft smile, reaching for my hand, but yanking back at the sight. "It means you always want more. What started as a medicine to be shared with the world, ended up being for a handful of people."

"So how did we end up in The Colony?" I ask. "And how did the vampires like... like the ones of the night come to exist if they were seeking perfection?"

"Greed, Kayla." His breathing is slowing. "If you push something too hard, you might go one step to far, especially if it means saving yourself."

"I still don't understand what brought the world to what it is today," I say. "How did the virus spread?"

He falls to the side, eyes shutting, heart stopping. "The world isn't what you think. But if you're asking what started the virus, you need to go back to Cell 7. That's where everything began."

I scoot to him and gently pat his face. "Cedrix. Wake up. Stay with me. I have one more question. That day when you tried to bring back my memories and you gave me the choice: forget or remember. Why did you do that?"

"Because you deserved the choice," he says, his life leaving him. "The one Monarch never gave you."

I gently shake his shoulders. "Cedrix."

His eyes snap open and blood leaks from the corners. "Kayla, please help me. I don't want to be one." His body jerks and his mouth begins to salivate. "Give me your sword and go... please."

I shake my head. "Cedrix, I don't think I can-"

"I can't become one," he pleads grasping onto his last ounce of humanity. "Please...please."

I press my lips together, scoot the sword beside him, but hesitate to let it go. He looks me in the eye and nods his head, letting me know it's the right thing to do. But why is the right thing to do so hard?

I force my body to stand. "Good-bye, Cedrix." I swallow hard and duck out of the cave. Then I run as the sound of his scream chases after me.

Chapter 22

"You couldn't find him, then?" Aiden asks as I approach them at the top of the hill.

I shake my head and lie like a pro, choking back the feelings of guilt and sadness. "Maybe he ran off or something. Did anyone actually see him die?"

"No." Aiden glances at the others. "But we saw him get taken out by a herd of vampires."

"He's dead," Maci suddenly says. She takes Greyson and Aiden's hand. "But don't worry, he's happy. And he wants us to go before darkness comes."

Sylas surfaces over the other side of the hill. "Well, no luck down there. Anywhere else you want me to look?"

Aiden and Greyson stare at Maci and she smiles reassuringly.

"What do you think?" Aiden asks Greyson.

Greyson looks around and then runs his fingers through his bright red hair, tugging hard. "I guess we can go."

"Are you sure you're okay with leaving?" Aiden checks. "Because you and I can keep looking."

"You're sure he's happy?" Greyson asks Maci and she nods. "We can go." He starts down the hill silently with his head bowed, trying to stifle the tears.

Aiden sighs and follows, tripping inelegantly in the gravel as he sidesteps a large red rock. Maci takes my hand and leads me after them. Sylas walks beside me, eyes filled with curiosity.

"So what happened in there?" He motions back at the cave.

I kick a rock and it flings farther than I expected. "Nothing."

"You sure..." Sylas raises his eyebrows questioningly.

Maci releases my hand and chases after a lizard.

"He was turning." I watch the ground. "So I helped him."

He drapes his arm around my shoulder and I tense as he leans me toward him.

"You're definitely not a Day Taker," he says. "There's still too much good left in you."

"You're not bad Sylas." I sigh. "I'm not that different from you."

He lulls me with a spurt of calmness that numbs my heart. "Do you prefer it this way?" he asks and then takes it away, letting my pain gloss through. "Or this way?"

I swallow hard, feeling the remorse, but not reacting to it. "It's not the same," I tell him. "I can feel emotions, yet at the same time, I can't."

"Yeah, but which way do you prefer it? Do you prefer the numb or the pain?"

I shrug, undecided. "I'm not sure."

"Well, when you do decide, you'll know." He picks up the pace, leaving me behind.

"Know what!" I yell after him.

"Whether you still have some humanity left in you or not." He pauses. "Whether you're still you or you're like me."

***

When darkness starts to arrive, we sprint for the nearest cave. It's low to the ground and concealed by a round boulder. We set up for night, which doesn't require anything because we have no food, no water, nothing. The flashlight balances in the middle, speckling a narrow ray of light where the ceiling bows.

"I'm hungry," Maci whines and curls in a ball in the crook of the cave. "And thirsty."

Aiden rests back, exhaling. "Sorry, but there's not much we can do about that."

Greyson stomach rumbles as he balls up his jacket and supports his head on it. "There's not much we can do about anything."

The water and food situation needs to be dealt with. It's night, though, and there's only one solution. I march over to Sylas' resting place, the darkest part of the cave where the roof slopes downward.

"Sylas." I nudge his foot gently. "I need to borrow your knife for a minute."

His eyes are shut, his arms folded across his stomach, his boots kicked up on a rock. He doesn't stir.

I lean in. "Sylas, did you hear me?"

A tremor of his arm muscle. I inch my fingers for his neck to check for a pulse, but realize he wouldn't have one anyway.

Placing my hand on his cheek, I move closer. "Sylas, can you hear me?"

His eyelids creak open and he whacks me with a passionate sensation of longing. "If you wanted to kiss me you could have just asked," he says.

Comprehending the nearness of our lips, I incline away. "I need to borrow your knife for a bit, so I can go hunting for food."

He cocks an eyebrow. "Where's your sword?"

I pat my empty belt loop. "I gave it to..." I lower my voice. "Cedrix."

He bites at his bottom lip, considering. "You want some company."

"I don't know..." I dither.

"You don't think I can handle it?" He sits up and his face practically converges with mine. "Do you think because you're the one and only Day Walker now, that a Day Taker isn't anything special?"

"No...I'm just not sure I feel comfortable wandering around in the dark with you," I say with moderate honesty.

"Why? Because you're afraid I'll eat you?" He runs his tongue along his white, sharp teeth. "Or is it something else?"

It's a challenge and I rise. "No, I'm afraid that you'll get yourself into trouble and I'll be stuck saving your butt."

"Like I saved yours?"

"Sylas I-"

"Whatever, Kayla," he cuts me off. "Take my knife. Go hunting by yourself."

Shame washes over me, but not enough to back down. "Where's your knife?"

He leans back, smiling to himself. "It's in my pocket. And if you want it, you'll have to get it. I'm too tired to help you out."

I roll my eyes to the ceiling, exasperating a sigh. Then I reach over him and into his pocket. Careful not to let my fingers encounter anything important, I remove the knife.

"Thanks," I mutter and set out for the night, swiping our empty bottle from the ground. "I'm going hunting. Find a way to build a fire and I'll be back in a while." Before Aiden can protest-because I can feel he's about to-I slant the boulder and slink out into the darkness.

I've never had to hunt before. That was the one perk of The Colony-there was always food on hand. From what I've witnessed there are snakes, lizards, and coyotes that make the desert their home. My night vision is an excellent tool. I hop from the top of the boulders, skimming the land, and discounting the vampires' famished shrieks. There's less out tonight, and I wonder how much the previous night's massacre put a divot in their population.

I scale down the rock and encounter one. Its eyes immediately bleed until it sniffs my scent and becomes aware of what I am. It hovers back, debating.

I hiss my fangs and it retreats. With the knife in one hand, I make my way across the sand, perusing the ground for movement. An object scurries in front of my feet and slithers for the bushes. A snake, long and thin, and I sprint after it. Instincts I didn't know I owned kick in. My legs cross under me as I track it, moving at inhuman speed. When the time is right, I strike, stomping on the snake and pinning it in place. The tail thrashes and its fangs seek to bite my leg. I reach behind its head and pinch the neck. Then I remove my foot and pick it up, grasping its neck. The skin is slimy and it makes it difficult to clutch its thrashing body. I take the knife and quickly behead it, draining its life.

I blink at the gross creature, glad I'm not the one who has to eat it. Next on the list: water. A rare occurrence in a place full of dryness.

I search the ground for puddles and dip lower into the rocks where the air is damp. Finally, I spot one hidden at the bottom between a bush and a jagged rock. I leap off the rock and land with a soft thud. I twist the lid off the bottle and scoop water inside until it's full. There's not a lot of water, but it will have to do until morning. Honestly, all I can hope for is rain.

I turn to leave, when I hear it. My name, floating through the night.

"Kayla."

My ears perk and I turn, skimming the tall rocks.

"Over here."

A chill shivers down my spine, knowing the person speaks, but possesses no heartbeat. I cap the lid back on the bottle and stuff it in my back pocket. Then I sidestep with the knife suspended out in front of me.

"Who's there?" I call out, jumping onto a horizontal rock. I peer over the side then back away, my eyes elevated to the rocks above. A dark outline forms at the crown. They're watching me, even though I can't see them-I feel them. "Who are you?"

Zipping to the side, they soar off the cliff, landing softly in front of me.

I step back and point the knife at his chest. "Tristan?"

He smiles, fangs descending, blond hair lighting up the night. "I've been looking for you forever." Then he attacks, wanting to kill me.

Chapter 23

Our bodies tangle as we tumble from the rock. He's above me, all his weight pressing down. He reaches for my arms and I knee him in the gut. He groans and I elbow him in the jaw. He spits blood and directs his fangs at my neck. I smash my hand against his face and shove him back. I wiggle my legs up, kick up, and launch him off me. He slams to the ground hard and rolls to his side, gripping his face.

"Kayla, it's me... Tristan." He meets my eyes as I stand above him, intimidating him with my knife.

"The last time I saw you," I dip the blade closer to his throat, "you had no idea who I was."

He nods fervently, blue eyes pleading. "But I remember you now. I loved you once...I-I wanted to be with you forever."

I let the knife up a little. "How did you remember all of a sudden?"

"I didn't go back...so they couldn't erase my memories and it all started coming back to me."

"Didn't go back where? To The Colony?"

He rises on his elbows. "When you left, Gabrielle made me a Bellator. At first I didn't want to... you know how I feel about those things. But he insisted. Then Monarch did something to me and I felt fine with it. They trained me and sent me to find you."

I turn the knife and point the tip at his throat. "So you could kill me."

He puts his hands up in surrender. "I didn't know what I was doing at the time. I felt so different-so content with it, you know."

I don't speak, compelling through his barrier. He's telling the truth.

"Please believe me," he begs. "Please. I swear I didn't know what I was doing."

I nod slowly. "I believe you."

He smiles. "I knew I could count on you, Juniper." He coils a strand of my black hair around his finger. "You were always so good and trustworthy. That's why I liked you so much."

He's wrong. He doesn't know me at all. I sigh and bang the handle of the knife on the top of his head. His eyes cross and he sinks to the ground.

"Sorry," I say. "But I can't take any chances."

***

Vampires cry at the night. The dead snake is around my neck, the knife and bottle in my pocket, and a heavy Tristan is slung over my shoulder. It takes longer to return to the cave, but I arrive before greyness glistens the land. Reaching the entrance, I lower Tristan to the ground and scoot the boulder out of the way. Maci and Greyson are asleep. Aiden is in the corner, with a pile of small sticks in front of him. Sylas sits adjacent, fiddling with a leather band he wears around his wrist. Their muscles are tense and their long legs stretch in front of them. Their chins are tipped down and their dark hair hangs over their foreheads. It's hard to tell them apart. But Sylas' dark eyes blend with his black jacket and jeans. And Aiden's honey eyes pop against his green shirt.

I flop the snake and bottle of water on the ground and they look up.

"You caught a snake." Aiden's face twists with revulsion.

Sylas chuckles, shaking his head. "Man, I've never been happier to be on a strict blood diet."

I march outside and fling Tristan over my shoulder. Then I walk back in and drop him next to the snake and water.

Sylas stares at Tristan, then looks up at me, placing a hand over his heart. "Kayla, you shouldn't have."

"He's not for you." I roll my eyes. "He tried to sneak up on me when I was getting water."

"Is that... Tristan?" Aiden crawls forward to get a better look.

"I'd keep my distance if I were you," I tell him. "That's not a human Tristan."

He skitters back, eyes widening. "Is he... is he a Day Taker?"

I crouch down and inspect Tristan, turning over his wrists, which are free of an experiment number. "I'm not sure. He said after I left, Gabrielle made him a Bellator and sent him to kill me. Well, after a little bit of Monarch's help he did."

"The Day Takers were created to protect." Sylas strolls up behind me. "Not to assassinate."

"You know as well as I do that he's not human." I stand up and he doesn't bother giving me room. My shoulder grazes his arm and his breath is tepid against my skin. "You saw him fall off that roof," I gesture my hand at him, "yet here he is."

Sylas rubs his jawline. "And yet here he is an added bonus to our already enormous amount of excess baggage.

My head snaps up and I glare at him. "You don't have to be so mean about. They're people Sylas."

His eyes sparkle. "Exactly. And people slow you down. If you'd start seeing it this way, we'd get all this done a hell of a lot quicker.

"You act like I'm completely bad because I still feel things," I seethe, getting in his face. "But being like you isn't that great either. You're so hot and cold all the time. It drives me crazy."

He leans in, eyes darkening. "I never said I was good. And I never said not to feel anything. But having sympathy isn't going to get you anywhere. Monarch didn't want you that way. He wanted you strong and unbreakable."

Aiden stands with his fists at his side. "Just because Monarch wanted something doesn't make it right."

Sylas' gaze maintains steadily with mine. "Right or wrong, feeling things right now is not an option. Unless it's anger or revenge. Now that would get you somewhere."

I shove him, if for no other reason than to shove him. He blasts me with a burst of anger and it only riles me up more. I tackle him, taking him to the ground, my skin sweltering with both of our rage.

He throws his head back and laughs. "You don't even know what you're pissed about."

I pin his arms down, breathing heavily. "I'm pissed because one minute you're diving into a herd of vampires to help me out. And the next, you're a complete a**hole."

"Yes, Kayla." He grins a plastic grin. "Everyone in this room knows I'm a jerk. You don't have to remind me."

"No, that's what you want people to think," I snarl through my fangs. "But I've seen you when you're not pretending." I quiet my voice. "When I was a little girl and you gave me the red flower."

Anger blazes from his eyes and he flips us over, entrapping my arms above my head. His fangs point out sharply. "Until you can remember everything, don't bring up who I used to be." Then he shoves up and storms for the exit. "And you might want to hold onto all that anger building up in you. Maybe then you'll start making the right decisions. Otherwise you're going to screw everything up."

He thrusts the boulder out of the way and storms out without bothering to cover the entrance back up. I huff over and slam it shut.

"Don't let him get to you," Aiden says from behind me. "It's what he does, Kayla. One minute he's nice and the next he's a jerk. It's how he's always acted, even before The Colony."

I don't say anything and head for Tristan. "We should tie him up. Get me the roll of wire would you?"

"Kayla, is everything okay?" Maci asks, rubbing her tired eyes.

Our little fight woke Greyson and her up. They sit against the wall, legs tucked in, afraid of me. I realize my fangs are still out and quickly hide them back in my mouth.

"Everything's fine, Maci." I drag Tristan by his feet and hide him in a corner. "Go back to sleep."

Aiden hands me the spool of wire and I twine it around Tristan's ankles and wrists.

"I'm not sure if that will hold him," I say, moving back and putting my hands on my hips. "But I guess we'll find out when he wakes up."

Aiden laughs softly. "It's funny, but it's almost like Maci knew we'd need the wire."

I glance over my shoulder at the red-headed girl drawing pictures in the dirt. What is she keeping locked in her head? She knows more than the rest of us, yet she doesn't share it straightforwardly until the time is right.

I approach her guardedly. "Maci, can I ask you a question?"

She doesn't look up, fixated with her drawing of swirls. "I already know what you want and I can't help you."

The drawing is a twirl of lines that twist to form a path. "How come? Did someone tell you that you weren't supposed to tell me?"

She looks up with a serious expression. "No, I just can't help you until the time is right."

I pat her hand. "Maci, if you know things, you need to share them. It's important that we figure this out."

She sighs sadly. "No, Kayla, you don't understand. I can't tell you because even I don't know until there about to happen. Everything constantly changes and I don't always know for sure."

"So you see things that are going to happen? How did you get that way?"

She shrugs, adding a curl to her drawing. "I don't know. I can only see the future, not the past."

"You can't remember what happened to you?" I ask. "Back at The Colony?"

"Sometimes I can, but it's stuff I'd rather not remember." She stands and brushes the dirt from her torn jeans. "What's in the past is in the past, Kayla. You can't change it, but you can change the future." She skips off for the snake.

I turn on my heels to Aiden. "She knows more than she's letting on."

"Yeah, she does," he agrees, nodding. "But you can't force her to tell you, unless you want to get mean with a little kid." He waits for me to respond.

"I'm not going to beat up a child, if that's what you mean," I say.

"Sylas would." He looks at Maci. "He'd do whatever it takes to get what he wants."

"I don't think that's true."

"Yes, it is Kayla. Like he said, don't start judging who he is until you see all of the past."

Tristan starts to fuss and I stand over him. "Now this one... I might feel comfortable beating the answers out of him."

Tristan's blue eyes blink open and he squirms to escape. "What did you do to me?" He takes in the wires knotted around his ankles and wrist. "Juniper, why'd you tie me up?"

"Her name's Kayla." Aiden steps behind me and touches the small of my back. "I'm the only one allowed to call her Juniper."

I press a smile. "Tristan, you better start talking before Sylas comes back." I lurk over him. "Because I'm a lot nicer than he is."

"You're so much meaner than I remember," he complains. "You were so nice at The Colony. But now...you're just plain evil."

I take out my knife and set it by my feet. "You don't remember me correctly. I've always been a little mean. But out here, I've gotten worse because it's about survival."

"Can you at least untie me?" He asks, jerking his shoulders, struggling to free his wrists.

I shake my head. "Not until I know what you're up to. You said the Highers sent you after me. Is that why you're here? To try and kill me again?"

"No, I was never trying to kill you," he says innocently. "I wanted you to remember me. That's why I gave you what I was feeling when we were falling off the roof." He manages to sit up. "And I didn't mean to try and kill you-I just couldn't help it."

"Because the Highers told you to kill me?"

"No, they had me trapped in this room and they kept injecting me with this clear medicine mixed with these colors. It made me stronger physically, but my mind grew weaker. They started making me do... things I didn't want to do. Then they turned me loose, told me to find you, kill you, and bring your body back."

Aiden brushes my hair from my shoulder. "I'm so glad you crushed that vial of medicine."

"Yeah, but why did Gabrielle give it to Maci in the first place?"

"To make sure you all ended up dead," Maci says from across the cave. "Then I was supposed to come home."

"Then why didn't you?" My fingers inch for the knife, prepared to take on a child if I have to.

"Because Monarch told me not to." She points to her head. "He told me from in here."

I relax a little. "Is that why you decided not to kill me?" I turn to Tristan. "Because Monarch told you not to... from inside your head."

He swallows hard. "Monarch was the worst one-he wants you dead more than any of them."

I back up, unbelieving. "You're lying. Monarch wants me to save the world."

"Monarch's not himself anymore, Kayla. He's a Higher now."

I shake my head. "No, I'm supposed to save him from that. That was the plan."

"You can't save him, Kayla," Tristan says sympathetically. "It's too late. His mind is gone."

I don't want to believe him. But that's the downfall of knowing when someone lies: you always know the truth, even when you don't want to.

"It's not too late," I say. "It's never too late. I'm going to save him."

I dash for the exit. Aiden jumps in front of me and I nearly tackle him over.

"Why are you so determined to save the man who ruined your life?" he breathes furiously. "Just let him go."

"I'm not trying to save him," I snap. "I'm trying to put the world back to what it was. And only Monarch knows how to do that."

"You can't fix everything, Kayla." His voice softens. "And someday you're going to have to accept that you might not be able to put the world back to what it was."

"Then I'll die trying." I'm not lying.

He lets me go and I squeeze past the boulder. The night sky is easing away, the smoke from the city pouring across the land. I pick up Sylas' scent in the morning breeze and hurry for him. He's perched on a rock, his skin smoking as the air grows warmer.

"Are you on a suicide mission?" I drop down next to him.

His eyes linger on the skyline as sweat drips down his forehead. "I was just trying to remember what it felt like to feel the day's warmth."

"How long has it been since you were... normal?" I pick at a loose string on my jeans.

"None of us have been normal since the day we were kidnapped," he answers. "But I've been a Day Taker for almost three years."

Resisting the urge to tug his sleeves down, and shelter his burning skin, I ask, "Were you the first to change?"

"Emmy and I did it at the same time," he replies. "But yeah, I was the first."

"What happened exactly?" I ask. "Why did Monarch tell you to do it?"

He shrugs half-heartedly. "He was trying to build an army and he messed up with his experiments. The only way he could save what he created was by having us die. The Highers had The Gathering going, to weed out the rebels. Some were sent to the underground to get rehabilitated. Others-the ones the Highers deemed hopeless-were killed instantly. Monarch started slipping some of his Bellators into the death pile, making it look like we were dead to get his army out into the world... he feared the Highers were onto him and he didn't want everything ruined."

He pulls the hood over his head and rolls his sleeves down, healing his scorching skin. "The problem is, when some of his secret experiments got out, they decided to choose death instead of becoming something Monarch wanted. Or be controlled as they saw it. So his little plan went to shit. I snuck back in to warn him that it wasn't working, but all he did was yell at me and tell me I better get it fixed-that you weren't ready yet. And I wasn't supposed to come back until you were. The problem with Monarch is once you mess up, you're never forgiven. That's when he handed you over to Aiden."

"But then what am I?" I ask. "Because I was never told I would die if I didn't turn. Maci just told me we were supposed to. And she never took the medicine herself."

"Then I guess she might be different. And you...you're the one he finally got right. The one who can walk in the light, kill the vampires, and do everything perfectly."

I shiver at the thought. "Then why do the Highers want me dead? They say it's because I'm an abomination, but why are they so fixed on killing me? It just doesn't make any sense."

He meets my eyes, a flicker of life amidst the blackness. "That's something we're going to go find out. Right now. If I heard right."

"Yeah, I'm ready to go to the Cell 7 and look for the tunnels." I pause. "But I think we need to take Tristan with us and leave the rest of them here. It's too dangerous." I chew on my lip, hating to admit it. "And they're too hard to watch and take care off."

He raises is eyebrows. "Finally, you're starting to get things right." Tugging the hood of his jacket snugger, he starts for the cave.

I catch his arm. "How do you remember what you just told me? You said you couldn't remember why you were going into The Colony."

He gazes up at the grey sky. "It's coming back to me for some reason."

He speaks the truth, unable to understand why he can abruptly remember things that have been wiped from his mind. I release him and we go inside the cave, leaving the boulder open so the greyness can spill in. We tell the others it's time and that they are going to stay behind, while Sylas, Tristan, and I make the rest of the journey on our own.

Tristan's not happy, but he doesn't have a choice. With the possibility of him being a blood-thirsty murderer, I won't let him stay. Before we leave, Aiden embraces me in a hug. He wants to kiss me, but still fears me enough that he won't. Feelings of love and longing warm me to my very core, but I'm unable to reciprocate.

As soon as he pulls away, Maci wraps her arms around my waist. "I'm so glad you're finally going, Kayla. It's what you were supposed to be doing this whole time."

I pat her on the head. "Coming from you, Maci, that makes me feel a lot better."

She lowers her voice and gestures for me to come closer. "But you won't come back. None of you will."

I freeze, her rapid heart beating through my veins. But I don't ask questions, knowing she won't give me a direct answer.

"I'll see you later, okay," I promise. "And when we come back, I'll bring something better than a snake to eat."

"No you won't." Sorrow consumes her as she watches us go.

Ducking outside, I can't help but think that she's right. After all, she can see the future.

Chapter 24

"Can you at least untie me?" Tristan asks, writhing his tied wrists. "I can't defend myself if something happens."

Upon leaving the cave, we discovered that Tristan isn't immune to day time. Just like Sylas, Tristan's hood is over his head and his hands are tucked in his sleeves. He's much weaker than Sylas and the light makes him sluggish.

We stand at the edge of the city, where the sand intersects with the damaged asphalt. The streets gush with smoke and the towering, crooked buildings loom to the sky. Rusted cars dot the streets and embers speck the sidewalks.

"Well, I guess you should have thought about that before you tried to kill Kayla." Sylas treads across the line, leaving the desert and grounding onto Highers' territory.

"Twice." I grip the knife and advance up the road, weaving through the cars. "He tried to kill me twice."

Tristan grunts and follows us up the street, fenced by shiny buildings with broken windows and burnt pavements.

"Does it seem quiet to you?" Tristan whines. "Because it seems really quiet to me."

Sylas shakes his head and unfolds the map. "It would be quiet, if you'd shut up." He glances at the red lines on the map and tilts his head.

I circle vigilantly, looking left and right, up to the roofs and down in the alleys. "Are you sure you know where we're going?"

Sylas bites his lip as he studies the path to the park. "Yeah, it's this way." He crinkles up the map and heads down a side street. Barrels scorch fire and tipped lampposts detour the street. The air is deadly quiet and I swear someone's watching us.

"I don't think we're alone." I swerve around a car and turn around, walking backwards. "I feel like someone's watching us."

"It could be the other Day Takers," Sylas mulls over the thought. "But I don't think it could be the Highers. From what I understand, Highers can't be in the light either."

I lower my knife. "How'd you come to that conclusion?"

"Something Gabrielle said about the smoke protecting and concealing them." He flicks a burning barrel with his fingers. "So I started considering what it could be protecting them from. If they have vampire in them, I'm guessing it's the sun."

My gaze elevates to the sky, hidden in smoke and ash. "You think they have the fires burning to keep the sun out?"

"I think that's one reason," he says. "But I'm guessing there's more to it than that."

I replay Gabrielle's words in my mind. "He said it's the fires that protected them from the others. He couldn't be talking about the vampires, could he? I mean, what good would it be to block the sun out when vampires hate it too?'

He cocks an eyebrow thoughtfully. "Perhaps he meant it protects them from the other Highers."

"Like from other Colonies," I say. "Could that be possible?"

"The hillside turned out to be one," he replies. "Who's to say there's not more of them?"

I eye the nearest barrel and it's like he can read my mind. He strides to the curb and kicks it over. I guide Tristan in front of me and urge him forward as we walk quickly up the street, knocking barrels to the ground. Some of the flames sneak into the street.

"We might start the whole city on fire," I say.

"Then we start the whole city on fire." Sylas shrugs and slams a barrel to the ground. "I was never that fond of it anyway."

When we brink the end of the road, I glance back, taking in the damage. The barrels are tipped and dented, but the fires still burn bright.

"I don't think it did much," I frown, disappointed. "In order to really get anything accomplished, we'd have to steal all the barrels from the city and hide them in the desert."

"They'd find another way." Sylas glances up at a tree covered with brown leaves and dead branches. "But if we did it quick enough maybe there'd be enough of a gap that we could get the sun to come out... briefly."

I shut my eyes, recollecting the warmth of the sun I felt against my skin when I was a child.

"If you want to temporarily get rid of the fires, you could always stop the Highers who come out and relight them," Tristan says. Sylas and I stare skeptically at him. He shrugs. "What do you think they were doing that night I found you?"

"Turning you loose to kill me," I angle the tip of the knife at him.

"Well, yeah, there was that," he says nervously. "But they also were checking on their fires. They do it every night."

"Then why have I never seen them out before?" Sylas stalks in front of Tristan. "I've lived in the city for a while and that night was the first time I've ever seen Highers out of The Colony."

Tristan trips back, sweat dewing his skin. "I'm not sure. I-I just know they do."

"He's telling the truth," I inform Sylas. "I can tell."

Sylas nods, stepping away. "Well, I guess will have to investigate it. But for now, let's get to the park."

Tristan follows begrudgingly. I pause, looking back at the streets. If the Highers need the fires to come out of The Colony, then that means there's a way to keep them underground. That means there's a way to lock them up.

***

The park isn't how I remember it. The green grass is a sheet of ash and the trees are charred pieces of wood, striving to stay in the soil. The sky is dark and the air as quiet as death.

"It's different than I remember," Sylas remarks with a sweep of his gaze. "But far less depressing."

I spot the swing where Sylas gave me the flower and the corners of my lips tilt up.

"Care to share what's so amusing?" Sylas asks as he ducks through the swings.

"I was just thinking about stuff." I touch my palm, recalling how the red flower felt against my skin.

He grins knowingly, but doesn't say anything.

I turn in a circle, examining the area. "How do you think we get to the tunnels?"

Sylas shrugs. "I still can't remember, but the map says they are below us."

Our gazes travel to the ground. Then we walk up the path and stop in front of the brown brick structure. The door is missing and plastic sheets and papers blow in the breeze.

"The tent's gone," he notes with a wary smile. "I guess that's a good sign everyone's cleared out."

I flip the knife out of my pocket. It's small and the blade is dull, but with enough force it'll get the job done.

"Everyone stays behind me," I order. "And Sylas walk behind Tristan and keep an eye on him."

Tristan sighs tiredly as I walk through the doorway. Glass crunches under my boots. I swish from side to side, eyes scanning the dark hall. There are doorways, but no doors. Each room is littered with bits of wall and ceiling. Walls are caved in and there are large holes in the ceiling. At the end of the hall, a piece of plastic hangs down. I lift it to the side, knife poised in front of me as I step underneath it.

The room is small and bare. Boards overlap the floor and the farthest wall is crumbling. The floor is marked with blood and handprints smudge the plastic curtain draping the middle of the room.

A dark figure dashes across the room and around the corner.

I hold up my hand. "Stay back for a second." I prowl into the room and to the corner. Gripping the knife, I carefully peer around. Fangs take a bite at my face and my fist impulsively slams upward, colliding with the vampire's jaw. The beast roars deafeningly and leaps at me. I quickly jump out of the way and it lands past me. My leg snaps up and I slam my boot into the side of its head. I twirl around swiftly and recoil it in the chest, cracking its rotting skin down the center. Blood spurts everywhere. I wipe my face and jab the knife into its hollow chest. Ash combusts in the air and flakes to the floor. With the bottom of my shirt, I wash the blood off my face.

"That's a good look for you." Sylas approaches me, hands tucked in his pocket, a bit of a limp to his walk.

Tristan refuses to leave the doorway, gaping at the vampire with wide eyes, like he's never seen one before.

I clean my hands on my jeans. "It's a good thing I'm immune."

"Their blood has to get in an open wound," Sylas explains. "The virus can only be transferred from blood to blood."

"Which makes me wonder how it spread so easily."

Sylas gestures at the hall. "Let's see if we can find out."

Tristan scrambles by the ash and blood and squirms his way between Sylas and I. Fear leaks off him and weighs heavy in the air.

"Would you calm down?" I peek my head inside a room. "Your fear is very distracting at the moment."

"It's the first time I've seen one," Tristan says with a tremble. "It's alarming, you know. And really disgusting."

"And this is the guy the Highers sent to track you down." Sylas raises his eyebrows.

We reach a door. The steel is dented and bowed at the bottom. A small black box with a flashing red light and buttons is mounted on the wall.

"Do you remember this?" I ask Sylas. "Have you ever been here before?"

Sylas stares at the door with a sickening look that makes my gut churn. "This is where the glass cages are." He points up to numbers and letters on the wall. "This is Cell 7."

"I don't remember this side of the door." I drop flat on my stomach and peer underneath where the bottom of the door bends up. Lights flicker across a dusty floor. There are footprints tracking through the dust, along with fragments of glass and thin trails of blood and puss. I sniff the air, detecting a faint hint of decaying flesh.

I start to push up when feet whiz across the other side of the door. My fingers tighten around the knife and I slowly point it at the door.

"What are you looking at?" Sylas asks, getting down on his hands and knees.

"Just a second." My vision moves with the motions of the feet as it dashes left and right, running its way back and forth. There's a slight pause and then the monster reveals, a massive face pressing against the gap between the door and the floor. It's fleshless hand darts forward and its jaw snaps violently.

"Is it a vampire?" Tristan asks fearfully. "What is it?"

"Nope, not a vamp." I meet the monsters vacant eyes and jerk the knife over my shoulder. I flip it hard, darting it at the beasts face. The blade stabs between its eyes and it cowers back, shrieking.

"I think we might have another breed like Dominic on our hands." I push to my feet and grip the handle of the door. "Stand back." The metal gripes against my strength and I rip the door from the frame. Down on all fours, with the knife stuck in its forehead, the monster springs for me. I force back and jump kick, slamming my foot into its chest.

It staggers backward with its misshapen legs and I bound forward, wrenching the knife from its head. Wanting to kill me, its arm sideswipes my leg and I flip back, slamming to the concrete floor. I roll over, leap up, and stab the knife into its chest. The monster falls to the floor, panting its last breath.

Sylas circles it. "It's the same breed as Dominic."

"I know." I turn, taking in the familiarity of the room. Glass cells form the walls, just like I remember. But each cell is empty and at the end, there is no red door. Papers flutter the air as I proceed past the cages. "Where did the red door go?"

"What is this place?" Tristan asks in awe as he stares at the inside of a cell.

"Be grateful you don't know." Sylas glances inside a cabinet drawer. There's a tremor to his hand and he pulls back, flexing it at his side.

"Are you okay?" I take his hand and his skin is clammy.

He tugs it away and dries it on the front of his jacket. "The light's been getting to me, but I'll be fine." He avoids my eyes and clicks the cabinet door open. I run my fingers along the edge of the cabinet. It's just like the one in the hospital wing at The Colony. Something about it tugs at my brain. Without even knowing why, I tip the structure over. We scatter to the side as the glass and wood shatters.

"What the hell was that for?" Sylas ask.

I point to the wall at a small square of silver. Sylas rips the rounded lock from it and the door swings open.

"Papers." Sylas takes the stack of papers out and stares at the words neither of us can read. He sifts through them, his eyebrows knitting together. "You knew these were here?"

I shake my head and pick up the top paper. I turn it around and wonder which way is up and which way is down. "Any chance you suddenly remembered how to read?" I ask Sylas with a hopeful look.

He flips a paper over, shaking his head. "But maybe Blondie does."

"Tristan, can you read?" I glance over my shoulder, but the room is empty. "Shit, I think he ran off." I hurry to the glass cells and check each one while Sylas searches the hall. We meet in the doorway, shaking our heads.

"Well, at least we don't have to take care of him anymore." Sweat drips from Sylas' forehead and dribbles down onto the stack of papers he carries in his hands.

"But we don't know where he's heading." I take the papers from him and fan through them. "He could be going to the Highers. Or he could backtrack to the others."

Sylas rests against the doorframe. "You're worrying too much again."

I freeze, hugging the papers to my chest.

Sylas waves his hand in front of my face. "Are you alive in there?"

I hold up a finger, signaling for him to be quiet. My memories tug at my brain, painful and violent. My head rings and my eyes twitch. I grip the papers.

"Kayla...." Sylas' voice fades.

***

"You're worrying too much again," Monarch says to Taggart as he rummages through the cabinet drawers. "This is a flawless plan."

Glass cells row the room. I watch from my cell as Monarch maneuvers his hand behind the cabinet in the corner.

"That kind of thinking is what got us into trouble in the first place." Taggart says, his large shoulders stooped over as he scoots the cabinet from the wall.

"The cameras are off?" Monarch checks with Taggart.

Taggart glances at the ceiling corners and nods. "But hurry. It won't be long before they figure out they're off."

Monarch slips behind the cabinet and seconds later, emerges with a stack of papers in his hands. Taggart forces the cabinet back to the wall. Then they head to my cell and I back to the middle as they press the buttons. Taggart waits outside, while Monarch slinks in. He's wearing his white coat, smudged with dirt. His grey eyes are warmer and he seems happy.

"This is the last time," he says, handing me the papers.

I read over them quicker than my brain can process and give the papers back.

"Now you understand what this is?" He stacks them neatly in his arms.

I nod robotically. "It means there's a cure."

"And you understand what you have to do?"

I pause and his face falls. "I don't understand what it means. How do I make the cure?"

The corners of Monarch's eyes crinkle. "That, Kayla, isn't for you to remember. You only have to put the pieces together and someone else will have the answers. Once you figure everything out and get all your memories back, you'll be able to understand what these papers mean."

"Aiden," I start, but he raises a finger in warning.

"We don't talk about those things, remember." He points his finger at a camera mounted in the corner of my cell. "They're always watching us in here." He points at his temple. "And in here. It's not safe."

I step forward. "But then how am I supposed to do it?"

He frowns at my question. "We'll get there in time. But first I have to make a few more tweaks with you."

He raps on the door and Taggart opens it. "And remember you are never to speak of this again, until the time is right. The Highers can't know what you are or what you know."

"Because they would kill me." I move to the door.

"No," he answers with a heavy-hearted sigh. "Because they would become you. And that can't happen. The Highers can't reach perfection, ever."

Then he takes a syringe from his pocket and stabs it in my arms. "Forget now. Remember later."

I fall back into my cell and hug my legs to my chest, the memories of the cure drifting away.

Chapter 25

"Kayla. Kayla. Kayla." A voice echoes.

My head and neck spasm as I try to pry my eyelids open.

"Wake up. Wake up. Wake up."

I open my eyes and find Sylas staring down at me. His face is close, his skin perspiring. His hand shivers against my cheek as he leans back to give me room.

"The cure is in those papers." I sit up and take the papers, filing through them.

He wipes his forehead and leans close. "What do they say?"

"That's something I don't know." I align the papers and tuck them under my arm. "But Aiden does... with Ryder's help."

We turn to the wall where the red door once was.

"Where'd it go?" I get to my feet and press my hand against the wall, feeling for breaks or loose pieces of brick. "It's as solid as a rock."

"It existed, right?" I ask Sylas. "You've seen the red door before."

He doesn't answer.

My fingers poke into a dent and flake some of the shavings of brick out. "Sylas?"

There's a thud and I spin around. Sylas lies motionless on the floor, his shirt soaked in sweat, his life drifting away from him.

"What happened?" I hurry to the floor, tossing the papers aside, my eyes scanning his body for any wounds. His skin is a ghastly white and his eyes are glossed over. Blood drips from his forehead and I smooth his hair back. Blood bubbles sketch his hairline.

My hand moves to the hem of his shirt and the bite on his abdomen is in the same condition. "Dominic infected you."

"See anything you like," he jokes with a cough.

I let go of his shirt. "Why didn't you tell me?"

He tries to sustain a calm expression. "Why would I? You don't have a cure yet. And who knows if there's even a cure for this particular breed."

I glance over at the dead beast in the doorway. Its corroded flesh, warped legs, and homicidal eyes are now Sylas' future. Something constricts deep inside my chest and I roll my shoulders, trying to force it away.

"Kayla," Sylas' weak voice brings me back to him. "I need you to do it. I feel it spreading and soon it's going to take over."

I shake my head. "No, I won't do it."

"Kayla," Sylas says with warning. "You did it for Cedrix and you can do it for me. Don't let me become that."

"I'll find a way to fix it." I start to get up, pulling at my long black hair. "Give me a minute and I'll figure something out."

He grips my arm and I drift back to the floor. "I don't have a minute." His chest heaves and I worry it's going to split open like Dominic's chest did before he transformed. "You need to do it now."

Blinking my eyes, I take the knife from my pocket. My hand is unsteady and the thing in my chest knots tighter. I shut my eyes and hand him the knife.

"You have to do it," he whispers and I open my eyes. His shoulder jolts, attempting to lift his arm, but it flops to the ground. "I can barely move my hand."

I press my lips together, biting the inside of my cheek so hard I draw blood.

"Please, Kayla." The begging in his voice strangles me.

I choke back my emotions and nod. Lifting the knife, I close my eyes. But all I see is a little girl holding a red flower and a boy with dark eyes secretly wanting to make her happy. The knot in my chest makes my eyes open. I lean over him and press my lips to his.

"Kayla," he protests against my lips. "What are you-"

"Shhh..." I whisper and kiss him again.

He gives up and kisses me back, softly at first, sweat beading down his skin. He tastes salty and cold. I hold back, even when he deepens the kiss. It feels wrong, but right at the same time. I dip closer as I slide my hands down his arms, parting my lips and intensifying the kiss. Sylas lets go, his shield cracking. A raw feeling slips out and heats inside my chest. He loves me in ways I didn't think were imaginable.

"You know I really do love you." Sylas moves closer and whispers from his chains, "Even though Monarch says I can't-that it's not my place."

I search his face for a sign he's joking. "Oh really." I scoot toward him, lugging the chains around my wrists with me. "Is that the truth, Sylas Anders?"

His eyes are dark, his grin teasing. "You tell me, Kayla Juniper."

I press back a smile, secretly loving that he used my nickname. "I don't know... my gift is a little rusty today. Maybe you'll just have to show me."

He cups the back of my neck and looks me in the eye. "I never lie. It's getting me to tell you what I know that's the hard part."

"And what do you know?" I ask. "What are you so afraid to say?"

His gaze intensifies. "That I'll love you forever, even when I won't admit it."

Then he kisses me, his words consuming every part of my body. And for the first time in a long time I feel happy.

***

The memory overtakes me. Questions and emotions grasp my heart in the realest ways. I wrap my arms around his neck, moving my lips with his, forgetting where we are and what's about to happen. For a second, I'm back in my old neighborhood with Sylas and Aiden by my side.

His pain finally slips through and he draws his lips back. "Kayla, you have to do it." His whole body shudders. "Do it now."

I stare wide-eyed at the knife in my hand. "Sylas, I don't think I can kill you."

He coughs, hacking up blood. "You remember when you were being tortured.... and Aiden wouldn't put you out of your misery. You remember what you wanted."

"I wanted to die." It's then I understand.

I raise the knife above my head and he holds my gaze. His wall crumbles and unsaid words grasp at my heart. Aiming the knife for his heart, I swing down. But I drop the knife as a zap of static shocks me in the spine. My body goes rigid and I crumple sideways.

Watchers troop into the room, breathing through their masks, a silver-threaded net in their hands. My head deadens to the floor, to Sylas, who's alive and trapped in a cage of pain. He's closing in on changing; I can feel it. I inch for him, but the Watchers toss the net over us. The silver burns at our skin, suffocating our blood.

A Watcher crouches in front of me, breathing loudly through the mask. Murder overpowers me and I fling the net from my body. My wounds stitch shut, and I kick his mask. The blow sends him skyrocketing and his head slams the wall.

Speakers static. "Code red."

Watchers stampede behind me. I kick back, nailing one in the gut. Then spring my other leg up, slamming a hard strike to the next Watcher over. He stutters back as one gripes me from the side. I ram my elbow into his throat and he chokes out in agony.

More rush through the doorway, leaping over the dead body of the beast. I back to the wall, eyeing them, and some of them hesitate. They know what I am and they're scared. I tip my chin down and sprint forward, my feet barely touching the floor. When I reach the first one, I flip my body, turning upside down, and my legs collide with their bodies. I land on my toes and coil around, fists flaring. One zaps a Taser at me. I dodge aside, sneaking my hand around his neck, and slam his face into my knee.

Fear escalates the room. The rest of the Watchers back up and speak through muffled static.

"Hurry."

"Backup."

I prowl in a circle with my hands to the side, ready for the next one. But the crowd parts and opens the gap between me and the doorway. Gabrielle enters and when he sees the damage, he only smiles.

"Bravo." He rolls up his sleeves and edges within reach.

A Watcher spasms beside my foot. His mask is off and he gags on his own blood. He's human and scared, and I almost pity him.

Gabrielle's eyes light up, enjoying the painful scene. "Couldn't have done it better myself. Although, personally I would have made sure I killed them."

I hesitate, my fingers curling together. "Tristan told you we were here."

He shakes his head, pale eyes angered. "Monarch did."

"You're lying," I growl, but he's not.

"You know I'm not." He gives a fake weary sigh. "The thing with Monarch is he never foresees everything that can go wrong. Like say with the virus... or with the Highers." He presses his hands together. "He tells you that it's perfect and it is for a while. But then a defect reveals and he promises he'll fix it. It happens over and over again, until weaknesses are showing up left and right."

"I thought you said the Highers were perfect?" I challenge. "That you were invincible."

"We are," he snarls. "Just as soon as we kill you."

My fangs snap out and I swing my fist up, upper cutting him in the chin.

It stuns him and red fills his pale eyes. He slams his fist into my stomach, knocking the wind out of me. I choke, backing away. But the grin on his face sends a surge through me, one so powerful my body blazes with anger. I charge, ramming my head into his stomach. I keep going, shoving us through the doorway and down the hall. He grabs onto my neck and digs his fingers into my skin, drawing blood. We reach the room and sail through the hanging plastic, which wraps around us. He trips over the stacks of wood and we hit the floor hard.

Gabrielle tears from the plastic instantly, but he gapes at his hands, drenched with blood. His fear of losing control slips through. Then his head snaps up and his fangs glint with revenge. He jumps so high he nearly touches the roof. I push up, but I'm forced back down as he topples on me.

"He did better than I thought." He wipes the blood from his lips.

I snake my hands around his arms and stab my nails into his skin until blood pools out. Then I writhe my head to the side and bite his wrist. He howls and inclines his head back, fangs pointing to the roof, before coming down and sinking into my neck. My brain shorts out and traces of mixed images flicker through my mind.

Blood. Blood everywhere. Behind the red door.

"Don't give up," Monarch whispers. "You're not finished yet."

"Help us!" A thousand painful screams flood my head.

"Just because you love someone," Sylas says to Aiden. "Doesn't mean they love you back. You can't force people to love."

"I don't love you," I say and the figure turns away. "I don't love you," I repeat with a heavy heart because I'm lying.

But it's me and me alone. Love only gets in the way.

"And you're right, Kayla," Monarch says. "At the moment, love is like a virus. It will turn you into someone else and weaken who you are. If you care too much, you can't make the right decisions. And those are usually the hardest. No matter what you do, you can't care for anyone. Even me. If it's between saving me or the cure, you have to save the cure. Promise me Kayla."

"I promise." My hands drape lifelessly to my side. I fight to stay conscious as long as I can. But eventually I sink into blackness.

Chapter 26

"You need to stop protecting me all the time," I say to Aiden. We hide in the corner of the room behind the red door, cuffed by dangling chains. "I can handle more than you think."

Aiden shakes his head. His eyes are swollen shut and his lip is cut. He's broken and bruised and pain floods his body. "Whether you can handle it or not, I'll always protect you, Kayla." He grazes his tender lips against mine and slips his tongue inside my mouth. A quick kiss, before he pulls away. "I hate seeing you in pain."

The love he feels for me beats in my heart. "I don't want you to be in pain either."

"I know." He takes my hand. "But it needs to be this way. I can't lose you. Ever. It would kill me."

I give a small smile, but the feelings swarming in my heart are perplexing. "Why do you love me Aiden?"

"Because I feel lost without you," he says, like I should understand already. He scoots forward and takes my hand. "Even when you don't listen to me-even when you do things I think are wrong, I still love you. You're the only one who's ever made me feel helpless."

Is that what love is? I'm uncertain if I've felt love before.

Monarch enters from the hall leading to the back room. His white coat is ripped and his hands are smeared with red. His grey eyes are underlined with dark circles.

"Who's next?" He waits patiently for our answer.

I begin to stand, but Aiden squeezes my hand and volunteers. "I'll go."

My chest tightens and a large lump swells in my throat. But I stay on the floor.

Monarch huffs an exhausted breath at Aiden. "You never give up." He unlocks the chains and directs Aiden to the back room, disappointed he volunteered again, but proud that I let him.

Proud my feelings didn't get in the way.

***

My body is heavy, lifeless, drained of too much blood. My head hangs and my arms and legs are tied to a chair. Blood streams down my neck and tubes embed my skin.

My eyelids flutter open. Lights blink above me and blood pools the floor. I know this place. It's the room behind the red door, the one where I slaughtered the girl and infected Gabrielle. Only the red door is now just a hole in the wall that leads to the glass cages.

I squirm to free my wrists, but the tubes feed me silver poison that burns in my veins. I tip the chair forward and put my weight on my legs. Taking small steps, I make my way across the room, heading for the hole. I inch closer, forcing my legs to stay firm as I drag the machines attacked to the tubes. Each step is agonizing, but I finally make it there.

Spotlights click on and I blink against the brightness.

"Your tolerance is truly amazing." A familiar voice like ice slithers up my back. "I honestly didn't realize how well I did."

I refuse to turn around and face the man who I once considered my father.

"Kayla, there's no reason to be afraid of me," Monarch says in an unemotional tone.

"I'm not afraid of you." I turn awkwardly to face him. "The only thing I feel for you is hatred. Not fear."

He stands in front of a door, wearing a white robe, just like the other Highers. His hair is pale and feathery, and his once grey eyes are as white as snow. There is no Monarch inside him, except for the same shape of facial features. But even those have smoothed out.

"Hatred is good," Monarch says with vacant eyes.

The chair digs into my back and my knees begin to buckle. I lower the chair in front of the hole in the wall and sit down. The machines beep loudly as the silver swims up the tubes and into my blood.

"Where's Sylas?" I ask. "Did he...did he change?"

Monarch shakes his head. "You know it was the one thing that I could never take away from you. And I tried to take it away multiple times. I don't know why you just can't understand that love makes you weak."

"Did he change?" I repeat. "Or did you kill him?"

He doesn't answer. I try to reach through the numbness and see what's hiding inside him. But he's hollow.

"Why did you do it?" I ask. "Why did you turn into one of them?"

He adjusts a knob on the machine. "I was always supposed to be one, but my transformation got put on hold due to kinks in the Higher strand."

I droop forward, my head bobbing. "The one that started with me."

"And the one that will end with you." He steps away from the machine and tucks the tail of his robe behind him. "I never told them that you were the only test subject the strand worked correctly on. I was too arrogant and determined that I couldn't fail. I got one right, so that meant it worked. I somehow managed to ignore the other multiple failures... and the results were anything but perfect."

"Like the vampires? And those creepy things Dominic turned into?"

"Dominic deserved what he got," Monarch says coldly. "Just like I did. I thought I could withstand the virus." He glances down at his pale skin. "But I've learned that you can't control everything unless you are in higher authority."

"Why haven't you killed me yet?" I ask. "You know as well as I do that I can save the world. And considering your current condition, I'm sure you don't want that."

"No, we definitely don't want that." He twists the machine around and punches a large amount of buttons. "But we can't kill you. Not until you save our breed."

My eyebrows furrow as the door clicks open. Gabrielle enters, wearing a clean white robe. His injured hands are wrapped up and his eyes burn with vengeance.

"Make sure not to kill her," Monarch tells him. "We need her alive."

Gabrielle nods with a wicked glint in his expression. Before Monarch steps out, he lets me know with a simple feeling that Sylas isn't dead yet. I wonder if somewhere deep inside the old Monarch still exists.

He locks the door behind him and Gabrielle crosses the room in three long strides. He pops his injured knuckles and lets his fangs descend. There's no warning as his fist slams into my cheek. My jaw crunches like crumpled metal. Invigoration takes him over as he strives to get his control back and show himself that he has more power.

I spit blood on the floor. "You know it doesn't really count if I'm tied up."

His fist jabs my chin. It happens over and over again until I'm covered in blood and bruises. But I refuse to scream because that's what he wants. When he finally backs away, his robe is soaked with my blood. He feels better about himself and lets two Watchers into the room.

"Take her to her cell," he orders.

They untie me and rip the tubes from my skin. My feet stumble across the floor as they haul me to a glass cell. They toss me in and the door slams shut. I roll onto my hands and knees and kneel up in front of the glass. Blood trickles from my hair and my hands. Gabrielle watches from the other side, curious to know what I'll do next.

I hold his gaze, showing no signs of the pain I feel. "Do whatever you want with me," I say, letting my bloody hand press against the glass. "Torture me. Hurt me. Dope me up with whatever you want. See how far you can break me." I pause, letting my bloody hand streak the glass. "But just remember, I'm the one who can hurt you. And I have."

Gabrielle remains like a statue on the other side, feigning a smile. "You don't scare me little girl."

I plaster a smile on my face, sensing his fear, and I drink it whole. "Now you and I both know that's a lie." Then I fall to the concrete, blood dripping from almost every part of my body as I wait for the right moment to save the world.

With or without Monarch's help.

