Chapter 1: Just a Date

Darian said I was the most beautiful girl in the city and I wanted to believe him. But even if I didn't, there were more than enough reasons to let him speak. His dark eyes were one. His silky, mid-length auburn hair falling across his pale face that held almost delicate features was another. And the smooth, almost melodious tone from which he sculpted his words made everything else seem rough and unpolished in comparison. He had the air of a traveler about him, someone who had visited many places and learned all of their secrets. His eyes danced as he told them to me.

Though he was effusive with his compliments, his own appearance made me feel shabby. I straightened my miniskirt awkwardly and resisted the urge to check my hand mirror. My brown straight hair was up in a half-knot that I had feared was too formal only an hour earlier. Now it felt too plain.

"Anna?" his voice interrupted my pity party. "Anna, are you all right?"

I managed not to jump. "Yes, I'm fine," I said quickly. "It's been a long day at work."

A long day at work and then a furious rush to shower, put on makeup, and choose my clothes. A date at the high-rise Heron Balcony, ten stories above street level, was not an occasion for jeans and a sweatshirt. I had eventually settled on a pale yellow blouse and a black miniskirt leftover from a secretary job.

He leaned forward. "That's quite all right, dear," he said. "I think you look absolutely radiant regardless."

That voice again. I felt a flush of embarrassment mixed with pleasure as I returned his smile.

"I must confess, Anna, I find you simply irresistible. One might even say... I've become enchanted."

He exhaled on the last word and a faint glimmer passed from his mouth. My vision blurred briefly and when it cleared, I was looking deep into his eyes. For a moment, I thought I smelled fresh roses.

He reached across the table and cradled my face into his white-gloved hand. Slightly dizzy from the scent and the unexpected contact already, my heart skipped a beat at the touch of his hand.

After what seemed like an eternity of this, I remembered that he had paid me a compliment and that it was only polite to respond. "Why thank you, Darian," I managed to say. "And I think you're quite lovely too..."

What was I saying? This wasn't like me at all, not to mention the words sounded stupid the second they came out of my mouth.

Darian only laughed and dropped my chin, taking my hand instead. "I know a gorgeous lookout we can see the city from. I think you'll quite enjoy it."

"That sounds lovely..." I murmured, relishing the touch of his hand.

He drew me up from the table to stand beside him. "Shall we be off, my dear?" He smiled and offered an arm.

I took it. His arm was cold, almost colder than the air in the restaurant. I wondered at that for a moment, but the moment passed and I simply luxuriated in the pleasure of standing beside him as we turned to leave. He seemed much taller than when he had introduced himself this evening.

Something tugged at my wrist. Oh yes, my purse. I was always forgetting it. It was so trifling; I wondered if I should just leave it behind. Then I remembered it was tied to my arm.

Had I done that? I thought, puzzled. What an odd thing to do. No matter. Feeling a touch irritated by the inconvenience, I picked it up and threw it over my shoulder.

We walked together through the side hallway, leaving the bustling restaurant behind us. The ambient music and dinner conversation faded away. Everything faded away, except for him.

We continued to walk. It seemed we had gone a fair ways from the restaurant. I tried to remember why that was important, but just as I started to remember, he smiled again and swept me away on a cloud of bliss. "Not much further, my dear." It couldn't have been important, I decided.

He led me up the stairs to a tall wooden door, revealing the room beyond with a flourish. Inside was a wide, well furnished room with a four poster bed and a wide window against a north-facing balcony.

As the door clicked shut and locked, a brief moment of clarity mixed with unease descended on me. But it vanished in an instant as the man seized me by the arms, his expression shifting into a predator's triumphant leer.

"At last!" he said, in a low, menacing growl.

I gasped and struggled, trying to break his iron grip in vain. My heart raced in terror. He contemptuously tossed me on the bed like a sack of flour and then climbed on. He straddled me effortlessly and pinned my shoulders with his arms.

"Don't worry, my dear," Darian said with a hint of civility creeping back into his words as if to taunt me. "Your pain will be brief and then your blood shall join mine in eternity."

He leaned closer, gleaming fangs extended. Trembling, I squeezed my eyes shut, waiting for the inevitable.

The window exploded in a rain of glass shards.

"What? Who dares?" The vampire cried as he leapt off me, bleeding from several cuts on his face. As he rose, he grunted once and staggered as three wooden bolts embedded themselves in his chest. I opened my eyes and pulled myself into a defensive crouch, but his attention was clearly not on me.

I had just enough time to register Darian's open-mouthed expression of surprise and fear before a figure in black Kevlar flew through the window with a fierce war cry, bearing him to the ground in a flurry of tangled limbs and tearing cloth.

My hunter and my savior wrestled on the floor, and at first I could not tell who had the upper hand. I watched, heart pounding.

Then, for a brief second, the chaotic match froze, with the figure in black pinning Darian by the throat against the ground with one hand. The vampire screamed a shrill and inhuman cry cut short by a weighty sound of "thunk" as the newcomer drove something deep into his chest.

Darian's body thrashed and shook, while the other man rode his chest holding the stake in with both hands. One deathblow shattered the night table; another snapped the leg off the bed and nearly sent me to the ground.

Finally, the scene stilled. On his back, lay Darian's eyes wide and vacant. Blood oozed from his chest around the wooden stake driven into it. The armored man panted above the stiffening body.

Starting with the fingertips and working up, the corpse eroded, dissolving into dust. Sighing quietly in relief, I rearranged my face into a scowl, "Took you long enough this time, Tony."

He only laughed, pulling off the helmet to reveal a dusty-haired young man with dancing blue eyes. "Not our fault he strayed from the plan, Siren. He was supposed to use the room above the restaurant."

"Oh, okay," I shot back, annoyed. "So it's okay that I almost got bitten this time. It's the vampire's fault for not going where he was supposed to."

"Well, you're lucky you didn't leave your purse behind this time. If we had no way to track you, you'd be drained dry now."

A sudden flashback to the vampire's paralyzing gaze sent shivers up my spine.

He chuckled again at my sudden silence. "Aww, don't worry babe. You know I'd never let anything happen to you." He put one arm around me in a gesture that he must have imagined was comforting. His hand touched my ass briefly.

"Hey, don't get too close you two. I think Siren's still under the Charm." An assertive female voice declared from the balcony. Tara moved from behind the curtain holding a large wooden crossbow in both hands. Looking to be in her late twenties, she wore combat fatigues and a contemptuous smile. Her black hair was cropped ruthlessly short.

I scowled and used the opportunity to step away from the wandering hand. "I'm not. I'm fine."

"Oh really? I guess you must be as you're not calling everything 'lovely' anymore." Tara snickered.

My face flushed with embarrassment. "Well excuse me for playing the part too well."

"Um... guys? I think we should move on." A nervous brown-haired scrawny young man wearing thick glasses and a black headset poked his head up from below the balcony. "This room almost certainly belonged to our spook and there may be more of them lurking around here. And they won't go down nearly so easy without the element of surprise."

"Good catch, Brett," said Tony, moving to sweep me into his arms. He ignored my startled squawk and uncomfortable squirm. "Let's move out, people." He moved to the balcony and jumped out the window, landing easily on a landing two stories below. Tara followed. "Watch the skirt, jailbait," she called to me as she jumped and I hastily covered my knees.

Behind them, the pile of ash on the floor blew away in the night breeze. The others didn't seem to notice.

Chapter 2: Friends and Allies

The door to my apartment was jammed again. I yanked it fiercely and with a shower of splinters, it finally opened. I staggered into the living room. Elena, one of my roommates, snored in an armchair in front of a desktop computer. "That'll kill your back," I muttered, before grabbing the ratty blanket from the couch to cover her.

Moving to the bathroom, I flipped open the light and shooed a silverfish away from the sink. The mirror's prognosis was not good; I was a total mess. My mascara was smeared and so was my red lipstick. Half my hair had escaped from its arrangement and stuck out everywhere. I switched on the faucet and splashed myself a few times before burying my face in the remover cloth. After, I loosed my hair and attacked the knots with a brush.

When I was done, my face was bright pink and raw and I no longer looked like an abused hooker - just plain old, ordinary Anna.

Why vampires were attracted to me was a mystery. I wasn't super model pretty, though I cleaned up well enough. My body was just a shade too curvy. Evan, one of my exes, told me that I should be on a diet until I was less "squishy." But even after I'd cut my calorie intake to a sliver and worked out every day for four months, I had only lost five pounds and was as "squishy" as ever.

Unbound, my nut-brown hair fell to the midpoint of my back, framing two cloudy grey eyes. I pursed my lips, still pink from the scrubbing even after the lipstick had worn off. Round and full, they were undoubtedly my best feature. One man had even called them "tantalizingly kissable."

Without my makeup on, I looked and felt ordinary. So why had I been stalked and attacked by three vampires in less than a month? I was too tired to think of an answer.

After briefly checking to make sure there was nothing lurking in my room, I swept a pile of dirty clothes aside and flopped into my bed.

My alarm clock read one thirty four am. Well, that wasn't so bad, I thought drowsily. If I didn't have a seven am double shift tomorrow, it'd be perfect. I faded out without so much as flipping off the lights.

The diner was so crowded at lunch I could barely hear myself think. But I wasn't paid to think.

I set a tray with drinks down on the table. "Diet Coke, iced tea, and a bottle of Sam Adams. Are you ready to order?"

After the diners gave their answers, I straightened and returned to the kitchen to put the orders in. On my way back out to the floor, I paused. Was it just me, or were there fewer regulars here than usual? Its seemed like everyone was a stranger.

Maybe one of them was a vampire, I thought with a shiver. Like "Darian," if that had even been his real name. It was only yesterday that he had sat at the back table by the window and professed his admiration of me. The seat was empty now; recently vacated as it still had to be cleared before someone else could move in.

I quickly made my rounds, and the first chance I got, ducked out into the back of the kitchen into the narrow hallway between the kitchen, staff room, and bathroom. There I gathered my thoughts and straightened my outfit, a pink tight blouse drawn low to expose cl**vage and a red skirt that was even shorter than the one I had worn last night. Tan sheer stockings and all, but painful black heels completed the ensemble.

I knocked on the door of the staff room. It opened and Brett popped his head out. "How are we doing out here?" I asked, a little anxiously.

Brett glanced at his phone and squinted. "Don't worry, we're clear."

I nodded, rubbing my eyes. "Good. Don't think I need anything more to worry about tonight."

"Tired? Yeah, same here. Three vamps in two weeks, that's a new record for us I think."

I shuddered. "How many are there, anyway?"

"Hmm... Good question. My estimations suggest there could be a few hundred. A city this size is like a playground to them."

I sighed, feeling weary. "So we'll be doing this hundreds of times more?"

"No, I think only a few dozen more in this city. Kill too many of them and they'll start to realize something's going on. Lucky for us, vamps are pretty cliquish. If you tried to take out shifters this way, they'd probably sniff us out by the third or fourth kill."

I shook my head. Shifters, vampires... I was still not used to the knowledge that legendary monsters stalked the streets at night.

But that was my reality now. "Right... by the way, you done with my upgrade yet?"

"Sure thing," Brett handed a black box back to me, an ugly electronic rig that seemed to be made of microphone foam and lenses. "Don't worry, I tested it first. The GPS shouldn't cut out as much now."

As I took it, his hand closed over mine. "Uh... thanks," I muttered. Was it just me or did he seem unwilling to let go of it? I pulled away and put the device back into my black purse, carefully arranging the camera lens so it peeked out the translucent flap on the side.

It was probably my imagination.

"It's all because of you, Anna," Brett said with a grin. "Those vamps just can't seem to stay away from you."

I shrugged, "Seems I've been attracting creeps all my life. About time it finally paid off."

Brett laughed. "And it's not just creeps, eh? Tony seems to like you a lot too." He smiled, but it seemed his lips were too tight to be genuine.

"Yeah... I guess so." I continued to keep my voice level and disinterested, an attempt to be nonchalant. "I should head back to the floor."

He wasn't done. "You know, I found some interesting things when fixing your GPS. You really shouldn't stay logged into your email."

A chill ran down my spine. "Beg your pardon?"

"I saw you had a... rendezvous... with Tony last week, right after that last incident."

My jaw clenched. How did he..? "It was nothing."

"Nothing," He eyed me suspiciously and commented "Even when he said 'you were great' afterwards?"

I didn't respond.

"Look, I can see how you'd want to get in good with him. Totally," Brett said with a forced laugh. "Tony and Tara are the ones with the real jobs and the cash flow, not to mention the strength and skills for all this danger. For them, it's all part of the 'family business.' But that just means normal losers like you and me... we gotta stick together, right?" He placed a hand on my arm and this time it was no accident. His greasy hair stank, like it hadn't been washed in a week, and his gaze remained fixed on the low neckline of my blouse.

"Don't... do that..." I managed to whisper, shying away.

"Oh yeah?" Bet you didn't say that to Tony."

Actually, I had. He didn't really listen. He was also the kind of guy who ripped doors off their hinges with one hand, so "no" didn't work very well.

Not that it was working out well here. I had to get the situation in hand.

"You're very nice..." I began, a little shakily, "But like I said before, I don't really think--"

"Nice, huh? Maybe that's the problem." He tightened his grip. "Maybe I should stop being so nice."

"Let me go." I said again, this time with no trace of fear or hope. My mind was strangely clear and detached, as if watching a movie in a theatre or maybe as if I was watching one with my arms bound to the chair and my eyelids taped open.

Or maybe it was that I was in another place, another time with a man twice my size towering over me and holding me down and claiming a selfish love. No word or action would stop him.

The door banged open and broke the spell. It was Mina, my manager. "What the hell are you two doing?" she said with a scowl. "Stop making out and get back to work."

I wrenched my arm out of Brett's grip and fled out the back door instead, forcing it closed. The sky outside was clouded and threatening rain.

The door twisted as Brett tried to open it, but it held firm. I threw a crate in front of it, then bolted down the alley and kept running. I took the first turn I saw -- and then the next one, and the one after that, until they all blurred together.

I kept running. Burning lungs and leaden legs were nothing compared to the sheer throbbing agony my feet were in. Finally, I couldn't take it any longer and staggered to my knees, kicking my heels off. I closed my eyes and listened for the sound of pursuit.

A voice came, but it wasn't Brett's. "Whoa, where's the fire?"

My body shook, but it knew it couldn't run any further. So it straightened despite the burning pain in my feet and thighs and I faced the source of the voice.

The source was a young man wearing a wide-brimmed fisherman's hat and a long black coat. Leaning against the wall, he had his hands shoved into his pockets. Short, wavy dark hair haphazardly framed piercing brown eyes. Even in casual dress, he cut a striking figure. He looked as if he was waiting for something.

He stood only a few feet from my position and I realized I must have run right by him without noticing. I must have been pretty intent on evading Brett.

"Oh...uh... nothing. Nothing's the matter," I replied weakly. "I'm fine."

The man nodded. "Okay then." He returned to staring at the alley wall.

He didn't seem inclined to say anything else... or do anything else. He just leaned back and stared at the window opposite him. Dare I hope that he wasn't here to make a bad day even worse?

I picked up my shoes in my hands and began to leave the alley before realizing I had no idea where I had escaped to. The alley way behind and in front of me lead nowhere. Limping slowly, I followed them to the next intersection, but from there I only saw another dumpster and the locked back door of a Spanish grocery.

Well, there was one lead. I walked back to the stranger. "Uh...Hi again. Sorry to bother you, but do you know the way back to Elm Street?" That was where I worked. I figured I should probably apologize to my manager unless I wanted to lose the first job I was able to swing in this economy.

"Hmm.... Elm, huh? We're a bit far from there" he looked back and forth, although it didn't seem like there were any landmarks to navigate with. "I guess the best way is to get to East Second and then to follow it down. If you take a left down there and then your second right, you should come out on Maple and from there..." he shook his head. "You know what? I'm not doing anything important now. I can show you."

My body tensed. "Um... that's fine, I don't want to be any trouble."

He laughed. "Be trouble? Or find trouble?" He said it with a glance at the direction I had run from.

I flushed. So he had figured something out, though it wasn't hard to tell. "Well... okay. Thank you very much."

"I'm Jason, by the way."

"...Anna."

I put my shoes back on reluctantly and we started walking towards the alley exit. "You new here?" asked Jason.

"Yeah," I replied, "Just moved here last month."

Jason nodded. "Yeah, it takes a bit to get used to. This part of town's pretty old. Heard it used to be the poor district, centuries ago. Guess it hasn't changed much from then."

"Have you lived here long?" I asked. Keep the conversation on him and he wouldn't think anything of me, I thought.

"Just moved here a year ago myself... Me and my sister, we don't really stick around in one place for long."

I could sympathize. It was only recently I could afford to pay even shared rent. Until then, I had gone from couch to couch, at least the times I could find someone willing to put me up for free. The rest of the time... well, the rest of the time, I made do.

He misinterpreted my apparent discomfort. "It's not so bad, really. Each city has its own... I guess you could call it its own spirit. My sister loves it here especially... did you know there's a street here with four independent bookstores? If not, I'm sure she'd be happy to tell you," he finished with a laugh.

I shook my head. "No, I don't really read much."

"Fair enough. But if you did, the place she works at is right near where we're about to come out... here."

They left the alley into a narrow one-way street with a row of parked cars on one side. Sure enough, they were right next to a bookstore called Vyce Books.

"Hers is across the way." Jason pointed to a glass-fronted store with the words "Apple and Bookworm" frosted across the window and a picture of the same right below.

"I see. Thanks," I said, turning to go.

My legs turned to ice as I saw Brett peering into a window on the street. Numbly, I managed to stumble behind a car. Fortunately, he didn't appear to notice me.

He swept his gaze up and down the street, appearing to be searching. Searching for me? I clenched a fist. Maybe if I stayed here long enough, he would go somewhere else. I went to my knees again, mostly because my feet still hurt. I was still in no shape to run.

My heart clenched as I realized that instead of going away, he was actually walking right towards me. Just as it made a bid for freedom out my throat, I saw Jason walking down the street towards him.

I groaned. What if Jason told him where I was? Or that he had met me? I swallowed helplessly as the two men conversed, straining my ears in vain to hear what they were talking about. Then, I saw Jason point down the street, in the exact opposite direction from where I hid. Brett nodded and turned away. I watched him go with a surge of relief.

Had Jason... just saved me? Brett disappeared down the street and I cautiously crept out from behind the car.

Jason was waiting for me. "It's all right. He shouldn't be back for a few minutes. Told him I saw you duck into a nearby alley... which happened to be the truth," he added with a grin. "Then I saw a pigeon and thought to point it out. He disappeared before I could explain, though."

That was an odd technicality, I thought. But I supposed it didn't matter. Something else seemed off.

"Wait, you said he went down the alley? Will he be back?"

"Maybe... That one doesn't go very far before it ends."

I considered my choices. Going back to the restaurant was definitely out and I was probably fired already anyway for leaving during a rush. Jason seemed decent. Maybe I could stick with him, at least for a few hours.

Finally, I licked my lips and spoke, mouth still slightly dry. "So, where did you say that bookstore was?"

Chapter 3: Siblings and Love

As it happened, the bookstore had closed at three. But Jason rapped twice on the door and it opened with a jingle to reveal a young woman with a brown ponytail tied with a pink scrunchie. She wore a tee-shirt and cargo pants.

The young woman pointed an old-looking fountain pen straight at Jason. "Oh, it's you. You brought a date here? How... cheap," Her eyebrow arched.

"Sorry, no time to explain sis," Jason replied, taking my hand and leading me into the building. He was wearing thick nylon gloves, which seemed odd for the relative warmth of the day. I blushed. We really must have seemed like a couple.

The door closed behind us. The inside of the store was divided by a tall double row of bookshelves into two aisles. "And keep that 'Closed' sign out there, Claire."

Claire rolled her eyes. "I would have done it anyway, with or without you. So who is this girl and why does she look like she's running from the mob?"

"Her name is Anna," replied Jason. "Anna, this is my sister Claire... and the guy outside didn't seem like a mobster to me..."

I sighed. "No, he's not with the mob. He just... started acting so scary all of a sudden. He'll probably apologize for it tomorrow, but I don't really want to see him now."

"And that's your right," Claire said with a nod. "Anyone who won't respect you doesn't deserve your respect either.

If only if it were that simple, I thought. Sometimes respect had to be earned. No one "deserved" respect from the beginning, my mother had always told me. Not that she ever gave me much respect.

"Anyway, glad the mob's not after you." Claire seemed satisfied.

"Um... thanks." I said.

"I'm going out for a bit," said Jason. "You can stay here as long as you want."

My eyes flicked nervously to Claire, but she just nodded. "Feel free to browse while you're here," she said, turning her attention to a brown ledger on her desk. "And ask me anything about the books."

"Are you sure?" I asked. "You're closed."

Claire snorted. "That just means I don't want to be interrupted by a crowd of tourists while I'm doing the balances or stopping for a bank run. Nice skirt, by the way," she observed.

I looked down, realizing I was still in my waitresses outfit. "Um... thank you." Was she making fun of me?

I moved to the shelves themselves. They went back further than I expected, given the shop's small facade, and were completely crammed with books: from the closed drawers at the bottom to the wide shelves holding thick hardbacks in the center and all the way up to the narrow shelves for paperbacks on top.

Each shelf held a different selection. I tried to discern the reasoning behind the organization, but failed. The poetry was next to the science fiction, which itself was shelved right next to the sparsely populated self-help section.

And right next to the classic literature was a combination display of atlases on the bottom and paperback romance novels at the top. The bright pink and white bindings contrasted starkly with the somber, plain colors right next to it. My eyes lingered over them, possibly attracted by the garish contrast.

Claire looked up from the ledgers. "Oh, you're a romance fan? I've got a regular who's really into eighties and nineties trade pubs. Most of those you can't really find anymore. They had their run, so to speak."

I nodded without really understanding. "Well, it's been a while for me too," I said somewhat lamely. Now that she mentioned it, I had really enjoyed them when I was a teenager... why had I stopped again?

Then I remembered and blushed at the memory. Brad was the reason. He always made fun of me when I read them. "Silly chick lit," he called those books.

"No time like the present to pick one up again," Claire said helpfully.

I stretched out one hand with trepidation. I hadn't seen Brad in nearly seven years, but the shame I felt then was as alive as ever. "Girls will be girls," he had said then and his laughter echoed in my mind. This was stupid.

"You know, a lot of people look down at romance novels," said Claire. "I don't think they quite understand what the appeal really is."

"The appeal?...Isn't that... the relationship?" I asked.

"Well, yeah, sorta," she said, fixing me with a 'but everyone knows that' look. "But that's not really the whole story. See, a lot of books have romance elements in them, but they don't have the same draw to romance fans... the language is different, you see."

"The language?" I queried Claire with a puzzled frown.

"Yeah. 'Purple prose' or what have you, 'heaving bosoms' and 'throbbing man-hoods' to name some stereotypes. People think of it as 'bad English,' but personally I don't really think it's 'bad' so much as being a different way to communicate emotions you otherwise have trouble with."

"Those words evoke powerful images by triggering your emotional mind subconsciously, even as your rational mind can't digest them. So communication isn't as precise, but you can understand what the author meant, either because they sound like words you do understand or because the sound of the word itself has some unexpected connotation in your mind."

Claire shrugs. "Of course, it's not perfect. The best authors are both evocative AND precise. But if you prefer one over the other, who is to say what's best? Every book isn't for every person. What matters is your experience."

"The long and short of it is, if you like it, you like it. Some people disapprove, but they suck. End of story."

I grabbed from the shelf, Contessa of Twilight, one of the few darker colored books in the sea of pink and white. Below the gold-etched title a dancing figure in a dark grey Victorian era dress formed a perfect arch from her hands to her back. I sat down on the stool to read.

"Oh, that one. Yeah, that's about an eighteenth century lady who falls in love with a thief, sneaking out to see him behind her father's back. It's pretty good."

I nodded and walked up to the counter. "I'll take it," I declared, before I could change my mind.

The door opened as Jason returned. "I'm back," he said. As his eyes fell on my purchase, I tensed involuntarily.

"Oh good, you found something!" Jason said with a nod. I searched his face for traces of mockery, but didn't find any.

"Thought my sister's books would all be too old for you," he added in a stage whisper.

"Excuse me for liking old books," Claire retorted, but she didn't seem too angry. In fact, she seemed almost... pleased?

"Don't forget the little bag," he said breezily. "That's the best part."

My purchase wrapped in brown paper and tucked beneath my arm, I finally left the bookstore. I thanked Claire for my purchase as Jason and I walked out the door. She called out, "Don't be shy. You know where I'm at if you need any more books." The sun was setting, having just descended below the clouds.

Something tugged at my chest, an odd reluctance to leave. But it was getting late.

The door rang shut behind me.

Chapter 4: Revelations

Exhausted by my long day, I headed back to the flat I shared with my roommates. Tiffany would be gone already for her night shift at the hospital, but maybe Elena would be up.

So I thought anyway, but instead Tony stood in front of the door. He lifted a hand in greeting. "Hey."

"Um...hi." I said with a tentative wave back.

"We're having a meeting. Got a moment?"

My heart sank. Brett must have said something to him.

I put on my best innocent smile. "Sure. Give me a minute to change."

We met at the bar down the street. Tara was already at the counter, drinking a bottle of beer both dark and European. She rose languidly and we all headed to a booth. Tony ushered me into a corner and then sat down beside me. He put a hand on my thigh and I pretended my stockings itched, knocking him off to scratch.

Brett wasn't there. "So what is this all about?" I asked before he could arrive.

"Brett said he had something important to tell us."

I looked carefully from Tony to Tara. They didn't seem to have any idea what that "something" was. Or at least, they didn't have a reaction to it if they did. Tara wasn't even looking at me, but was staring off, bored, towards the back of the bar.

So maybe Brett hadn't poisoned them against me. That was something. I'd get a chance to tell my side of the story.

Then again, what story was there? Brett had hit on me and got rejected. There wasn't any time to make up some sort of story. He was smart about vampires, but he wasn't a smooth liar... not like Trevor had been.

Remembering Trevor was upsetting, even five years later. Especially the time he convinced all of our mutual friends that I was crazy when he cheated on me. I really did attract a**holes it seemed. Or maybe every man was terrible, I thought with a sinking heart.

Unbidden, Jason's face flashed in front of my mind. I shooed it away. He was probably just as bad, deep down. I just hadn't gotten to know him that well. Better that I never saw him again and I could fantasize that one good man existed in the world.

Well that was cheerful of me. I hadn't even started drinking yet. Maybe now wouldn't be a bad time to start. I signaled a passing waitress and ordered a beer.

I was about halfway down it when Brett finally arrived, setting a laptop on the corner of the crusty table gingerly. "Hey guys." He didn't look at me.

"About time," Tony said with a laugh, slapping my thigh. I jerked away. He had drained his drink entirely too fast for my liking. "Now tell us what's so important, four-eyes."

Brett nodded, typing at the screen. "I found us another vamp."

Tony laughed again. "Perfect!" He threw an arm around my shoulders. "I always knew you'd be our good luck charm."

Brett grinned. "Yeah, you could almost say she pointed this one out to me. Take a look at this," he said, flipping the laptop around to reveal a split screen framing two photographs.

The one on the left was a standard heat map, the most reliable "vampire scan" technology could make, tinged in chilly blues and violets. But it was the right photo that left me feeling like I had just been smashed in the chest with a brick.

There in the candid shot, turning slightly away was Jason. I spewed my drink all over Brett's laptop.

He stood up like he was stung by a bee and flipped it upside down, ejecting the battery with a snap. Swearing, he shook the liquid off the computer.

The first words out of his mouth that weren't profane were also directed at me. "You bitch! What did you do that for?"

"I... saw him before." I said, thinking fast. "Briefly."

"Yeah, he mentioned that," muttered Brett. "Still, be more careful next time!"

"Is it all right?" asked Tony.

"Don't know," said Brett, setting the computer down to wipe it off. "I'm gonna have to open it up and air it out. Doesn't look like any liquid got in at least.

"Well then no harm done," Tony said with a shrug. "Don't worry, if it's broke, I'll buy you a new one."

He had bought the old one too. He said Brett and I should work at a diner for "cover," but Tony, his full name was Antonio de Cazadore, never really said what he did. Sometimes I got the feeling he never had to work for a living.

He also said I didn't have to live in a cramped apartment with three other girls, but as long as I could afford to not sleep on someone's couch, I would.

Your own couch was the only place you could be safe.

I stared at the blank screen of the laptop, relieved it was no longer displaying that picture. Jason... a vampire? No way. He hadn't tried to devour me in an ally or cast any magic at all. And he was walking around in the day.

Then again...I remembered the long coat, brimmed hat, and gloves. And the day was overcast. Could it be?

The thought made me sick. So he was another predator after all - a soul-sucking monster who'd think nothing of tearing me apart if it got him some blood.

"We need a game plan, then," said Tara. "Brett, where'd you tail him to?"

"A bookstore on Second street."

"Know if he's a regular?"

"Not a clue...Just managed to snap a picture when I saw him prowling around. Then he spotted me and looked a little suspicious, so I booked it. You don't want to make a vamp suspicious, right?" he laughed nervously.

"Nah, you did right thing," said Tony. "We'll take it from here." He turned to me and my heart sank again. He winked, "Up for a little book shopping?"

Chapter 5: The Hunt Begins

Claire's face broke into a smile when she saw me. "Hey! Good to see you again! How was the book?"

"Couldn't put it down," I lied with a smile. In truth, there had been little time for reading in the rush of planning that had followed.

"Back for more, then?"

"Sure, maybe."

Actually, I'm here to kill your brother.

I examined her closely. She was light-skinned with a tinge of red in her cheeks, but that could be makeup. The morning sun shone through the window, but none of it was actually touching her. Was she a vampire too?

For some reason, that thought almost bothered me more than Jason's identity.

I made a show of browsing before I moved back to the counter. "By the way, is Jason around?"

"Not for a while, he's out on a job. He'll be back tonight, though. Around eight."

In my hands I held a book named Duchessa of Dawn, the sequel to the book I bought earlier.

"Please." I said.

"Sure thing. By the way, the mob giving you any trouble?" She blinked innocently.

I caught her meaning and laughed. "No, he's been behaving."

"Good. Let me know if he gives you any trouble."

I frowned. "Sorry?"

"I've got a few connections that'll make any man 'reconsider' harassing you," she replied. "If you're a friend of my brother, you're a friend of mine."

I couldn't answer directly past the sudden lump in my throat, so I only nodded. I wasn't sure what was more surprising, the fact that she offered to help me over something so trivial or the fact that she called me a friend.

I was a horrible person, I thought, fighting back tears. Was I really going to kill her brother? If she was a vampire too, was I really going to kill her?

I turned and fled with my purchase, without even a word of thanks.

"How're we doing?" asked Tara as I hid in an alley, panting.

"Not great," I said, moistening my parched lips. "I uh..wasn't able to set up a date. He'll be back tonight."

"Well, make it up as you go then," she said, sharpening her nails on knife. "You're the Siren, just shake your cans or something and he'll follow you anywhere."

I flushed. "I don't think it works like that..."

"Oh? Can't just bend over in that skirt and seduce 'em like you did with Tony and Brett?" she asked acidly.

I blinked. "What do you mean by that?"

"Don't play dumb. They've been drooling over your 'assets' ever since you joined," Tara said.

I looked down at the floor. Why was that somehow my fault?

She sighed. "Look, I don't mind as long as it's not a distraction to the team. But then you have to use your powers for good and not just evil, okay?"

"I'm not 'trying' to be distracting," I said, teeth clenched. And I didn't know how or why my "powers" attracted vampires either. I didn't turn it "on" or "off." They just kept attacking me. Tony and Tara killed them and Brett tracked them. I suppose we made a good team, but I felt out of place. It wasn't a "talent" that let me stand with them as equals.

"Whatever." Tara pushed off the wall and started walking down the alley. "Anyway, just don't forget your purse...Unless you want to die."

Chapter 6: Another Night on the Town

I waited in the open air of a late-night cafe, sipping an iced latte. I glanced at the clock above the door; it was seven forty-eight. The sun had been down for about an hour and dusky haze lingering in the west was fading away to blackness.

I saw him on the other side of the street, walking by. I stood up and waved, "Hey, Jason!" I wore a bubbly, excited smile - a practiced smile.

He saw me and crossed the distance. He moved confidently with a long stride and unhurried pace, stopping and leaning across the table. "Hey yourself. Seems like we're running into each other a lot nowadays."

"I suppose we are," I said with a small laugh I hoped was flirtatious. "Care to join me?"

"Why not?" He said with a shrug, "Just got off of work. You?"

"Likewise," I lied back. Actually I had woken up with a message on my phone to not bother reporting in today. "And what have you been doing all this time?"

"Contract work," he said with a grimace. "Consulting."

I hadn't pegged him for an office worker, but appearances were deceiving. "Sounds well paying, at least."

"Yeah, you could say that." he smiled at me. "My sister's the real breadwinner, though."

That was interesting. "I didn't think independent bookstores were big moneymakers."

"Well, that's only a part-time job, really. She also sells books she writes herself."

"Oh? What kinds of books?"

Jason shrugged, "Mostly old history stuff, about the Middle Ages and things. We moved here because a fan club sprang up here for one of her series."

"Wow, a fan club." I shook my head. "So she's famous then?"

"I wouldn't say so. Doesn't take much to have a fan club these days, especially on the Internet." He held my glance for the briefest of moments then turned away.

It was then that I realized Jason wasn't looking at my face at all or even my body. He was always looking at shops across the street or the sign above the cafe. When he did look at me, he would smile slightly, then shift uncomfortably and look down before returning to gaze at the scenery.

We talked for what seemed like ages and I waited for... anything. But he kept his hands to himself and I regularly checked my phone to make sure I was still thinking clearly. I was.

He was handsome and kind, but that was it. I felt nothing towards him, no sense of worship or longing. If anything, it simply felt relaxing to be around him. I felt I could say anything to him.

Jason couldn't be a vampire, I thought, before I looked at his hands again. He still wore gloves, I saw with a sinking heart.

I checked my phone and saw it was almost nine. The cafe would be closing in less than an hour and he still made no attempt to get me alone.

I stretched and watched his reaction. His eyes remained steadily on mine. "I'm getting a little cramped sitting here. Shall we take a walk?"

"Sure."

As we got up from the table, I pretended to stumble against him.

"Whoa there," he said, steadying me, before freezing.

Heartbeats passed before he let go quickly and turned away. I almost felt insulted. Was my touch that off-putting?

But he had felt something, I realized as we walked off. Was he avoiding contact with me on purpose?

I had watched a few movies about vampires, including movies where the vampire was the hero, a good guy. They restrained their bloodlust, hunted other vampires, and protected humanity. But Tony and the others told me they were just a myth, propaganda produced by the vampires themselves.

What if he were wrong, I thought with a pang of guilt. What if I was leading an innocent man into a trap?

"Jason..." I began, before he cut me off.

"Hold that thought," he whispered, stiffening slightly but continuing to walk at the same pace as before. "Don't look now, but we're being watched."

I froze. "I said, don't look," he said, a little louder.

I hurried to catch up with him. "Take my hand," he said. "I'll try to lose them."

I did, tentatively, and the moment our hands touched we took off, down the dark and empty streets.

As we ran, he raised his other hand and I saw something like smoke fly from it. The streetlights flickered once and dimmed. They still were visible, but the streets were suddenly dark, as if the lights had lost their power to illuminate anything other than themselves.

I stumbled in the sudden darkness. "Stay close," he said in response and I felt him steering us between cars I could no longer see.

"Left coming up," he said and turned sharply. I felt a breeze pass my face and my knuckles scraped brick briefly. We were running through an alley again.

Each turn was precise, made without hesitation; the darkness was clearly no obstacle to him. I realized that even if Brett and the others were tracking us via infrared scanners, there was no way for them to follow quickly. Not in this total darkness. Where was he taking me? I thought, scared but unable to let go or stop.

At last, we stopped, and I nearly fell over, lungs burning. He, however, seemed fine. Vampires didn't get out of breath, I supposed.

As I straightened, I saw we had stopped in front of an apartment building. And the streetlamps were back to normal, casting a flat, deathly fluorescent light on the streets before us.

"Sorry, gotta take a short detour here," Jason said, letting go of my hand. "I don't know who was following us and I think I lost them, but I don't think it's safe to part just yet."

I nodded in relief and followed him through the door and up the stairs.

He knocked on room two twenty-eight; the sign on the door read "Evans." "Sis, open up!" Jason barked.

"All right, all right, I'm coming," a voice replied, Claire's. "Keep your shirt on, pretty boy."

Claire opened the door. "Oh, it's you," she said, arching an eyebrow when she saw me. "Mob again?"

"I don't know," Jason said quietly.

Catching his serious demeanor, Claire's smile fell off her face. "Okay then." She quickly shut the door behind us.

It was then that I realized that the entire side wall was covered in clocks - cuckoo clocks, novelty clocks, schoolhouse clocks, and even one enormous grandfather clock. Other than that, it seemed a normal enough apartment, with a bookshelf and worn armchair the only pieces of furniture and a few paintings. The largest painting, twice the size of the others was of a sobbing woman wearing a red dress, sitting on the floor, while a man in black stood over her. His face was stern and he appeared to be saying something.

As we entered, the grandfather clock chimed. I turned to look at it; it read nine twenty-three. That was odd... why was it ringing?

Claire's eyes narrowed. "Hold on. I think something's trying to track us. Sit down, please." She headed for the hallway. I awkwardly took a seat in the only chair in the living room, while Jason sat down at the two-person dining room table.

She emerged from the back, holding a pair of long metal rods, bent near the base at a ninety degree angle. "Hold on. This is gonna seem crazy, but bear with me for a moment."

I nodded. My mouth was suddenly dry again.

She stopped in front of Jason and waved the rods over him with no visible reaction. Then, she turned to me.

As she approached, the rods swiveled in her hand to point at me of their own volition -- or more importantly, at my side. Uh-oh, I thought nervously. Before I could react, Claire crossed to my side and ripped open my purse.

Brett's spy cam, in all its hideous electronic glory, stared back at us.

Chapter 7: Imprisoned

I dreamed about the night I lost my virginity. I was thirteen.

The door in my mind swung open and there was darkness beyond. I lay between a smooth cotton sheet and a down comforter. I pretended to be asleep.

Crossing the room in swift, sure strides, a man sat down beside me, laying one hand on my side. I still pretended to be asleep.

He knelt beside me and whispered my name. I managed not to react.

He turned me on my back and kissed me on my lips. This time, I couldn't ignore him so I pretended to be rudely awakened instead. I flailed my fist and hit him on the back.

"Relax," he said, grabbing my wrist. "It's me."

That was the problem, I thought, squeezing my eyes tightly. I had known it was him from the second the door was opened. No, from the moment my mom had left the house and told me that her boyfriend would be over soon to look after me and my brother.

Pretending otherwise made me feel better. So after I couldn't pretend to be asleep anymore, I just pretended to be someone else.

It was someone else who he was kissing. It was someone else's hand whose hand he was grabbing and moving to grab something "she" didn't want to think about. It was someone else who he was undressing and whose legs he was spreading. It was someone else who pleaded with him to stop, only to be told that he just loved her so much.

It was someone else so I could wake up now. Yes. I could wake up. I could vanish away the memories as quickly as they appeared.

Wake up now, I told myself. My limbs were leaden and unresponsive and his hand was between my legs, searching for something. He would find it soon.

Wake up!

With a strangled cry, I jerked awake in an unfamiliar room.

I wasn't in a bed, but was propped up in an armchair. Panic gripped me. Where was I?

I looked around for that man, head swinging forward and back, mind racing. There was no one else there. The room was empty.

Then I remembered. I was twenty-four, not thirteen.

I was at Jason's house, in his room.

I had been captured by a vampire.

It was a shame that I had encountered an urban vampire instead of one of the classy, nobility types, I thought numbly as I poked through Jason's poorly maintained apartment. The apartment smelled musty and unused. As if it were someone's second residence that had been set up and promptly forgotten. The only piece of livable furniture in the room was the spacious, faded red armchair I had fallen asleep in.

No coffin either, not that I had expected one. So did vampires just not sleep at all?

The rest of the room seemed normal enough. There was a closet with dark clothing, a lamp fixture on the ceiling, a small bookshelf with DVDs, but no TV to play them on. A wooden desk was covered with dust and my empty purse next to a power strip; mostly unidentifiable black adapters filled half of the sockets.

The sole exception was a full length mirror propped behind the armchair. The border was wrought in cast iron and despite not being affixed to anything, the mirror was impossible to move. And overlaid atop it, worked into the mirror's frame was a thick iron grid, almost like a cage, made of bars the width of my fingers.

As to exits, there were two doors and a shut window behind black curtains, which I had opened to let in light. "Please step away from there," Claire ordered in a commanding voice that called out to me, the one time I had examined the window in detail. Surprised and a little frightened, I had done as I was told.

One of the doors led to a personal bathroom with a stand-up shower. The other, which I had been led through earlier by an apologetic Jason, was jammed shut.

All in all, there wasn't much to do but peruse Jason's DVD collection... and think, for once. It wasn't very pleasant with my memories. The nightmare was still fresh in my mind, keeping me wired up.

With effort, I settled back into the armchair and drew my knees in and decided to drown the recollection with thoughts of the present.

I was all alone in a vampire's house and I had tried to kill him. Why did I do that?

"Before you romanticize vampires, remember that each and every one of them is a serial killer," Tony had told me the night we had first met. "The younger ones have killed dozens of people and the older ones have body counts beyond any human killer, beyond any single human atrocity. Over many centuries, they have killed thousands of people like cattle."

It seemed impossible that Jason had killed that many people, I thought, but maybe he was one of the younger ones.

"They see us as prey," Tara helpfully added, "Helpless victims that they can devour at their leisure. We're different, though."

Hunters, they told me, stood against the monsters of the night and protected the people. They had been given supernatural gifts to rival that of the vampires, such as inhuman strength and deadly accuracy. Their families were dedicated to tracking down and eradicating vampires.

I hadn't questioned that story then. I had, after all, nearly been killed by two vampires only five minutes before and they had saved me. Questioning them seemed ungrateful.

But now I was starting to wonder, and the more I wondered, the guiltier I felt. Who were hunters, really, and why did they have the powers they did? Why did no one else know anything about vampires or hunters? And why were vampires drawn to me? They had never explained, simply mentioning that they tended to target the vulnerable and innocent. But while I wasn't very strong, I was far from innocent.

When I was attacked, I wanted to tell someone else... anyone else, but especially the authorities. Tara warned me against it, telling me that no cop would believe me and it would only put me in greater danger.

That didn't make any sense at all, I thought. Why were vampires some great secret? They burned in the daylight and their bodies were as cold as the grave itself... it didn't seem like it would be easy to hide.

I couldn't ask them now, I thought sourly, with a glance at my phone... the only part of the spy rig Claire had given back to me. It had battery remaining, but no signal and Claire had informed me that it wouldn't be able to call out until after they had left. "Feel free to call your friends then," she said without looking at me.

My friends, I supposed. Well, there wasn't a whole lot I could do now. I finally began to relax. I wondered what my roommates and coworkers were doing.

Somewhere or another, I drifted off, not to sleep, but sort of a pleasant blankness.

Chapter 8: Perspectives

A rapping on the door interrupted my thoughts. This time, I remembered where I was.

"Um..." I said, unsure if I was supposed to invite someone in if it was really their house.

Screw it, I thought. Now wasn't the time to be obsessed with etiquette. "Come in."

The door opened and Jason entered the room, wearing a black tee-shirt and blue jeans. "Just checking up to see how you were doing," he said.

"I'm fine," I said reflexively, gazing at the floor.

My stomach growled and I blushed as the lie became apparent.

He raised an eyebrow. "Well, why don't you come out for a bit anyway? Claire will fix you something."

I nodded and rose from the chair.

I exited the room with Jason and walked down the hallway leading to the dining room. On the right was an open door, leading to a room lined with bookshelves from top to bottom. When I had entered, the shelves had all been crammed with books. Now half the books were in boxes. A small mahogany table, precisely square and trimmed in gold, sat at the center of the room beneath a beaten-up cardboard box filled with books.

We moved past the door and back into the dining room. The table had three placemats, but only two plates and two glasses. Jason showed me to one of the chairs, the old armchair that had been sitting in the living room earlier. It didn't match the table very well.

"Hold on a sec!" Claire's voice came from the kitchen. "Lunch is almost ready."

Lunch? I must have slept longer than I thought.

Jason took his place at the placemat with no plate and no fork, only a spoon.

A few minutes later, Claire emerged carrying a large metal pot. "Hope you like pasta," she said, setting it down at the center of a table with a relieved sigh. She looked up and smiled cheerily at me, but the smile seemed forced.

I looked at her. Her green tee-shirt was splattered with tomato sauce. It didn't seem like she was used to cooking.

"What about me?" asked Jason teasingly.

Claire's eyes flicked to me and back so quickly I might have imagined it. "Yours is still settling in the kitchen. You can wait until our guest is served."

She lifted the lid and scooped some spaghetti onto my plate. "Uh, thanks," I mumbled.

"You're welcome," she informed me. "You want anything to drink? We have Coke, Pepsi, diet, milk, chocolate milk, unsweetened ice tea, sweetened ice tea with lemon..."

"Just water is fine," I said.

"Water then. Be right back."

Jason and I stared at the table until she returned. Neither of us said a word.

Claire returned with the water and shortly departed again. She came back with a large bowl, filled with a dark red liquid and set it down in front of Jason.

I looked at the bowl. It was too dark for me to easily pretend it was tomato soup, especially with a plate filled with an actual tomato sauce next to it.

A thought floated into my mind, unbidden. Did it come from anyone I knew? My pulse quickened.

"That's from the hospital, by the way," Claire said, seeing my worried look. "Jason doesn't hunt."

Jason sighed. "Isn't there a better way of putting that? Like 'I respect the sanctity of life' or something like that?"

"If you want to use poetic language, you can explain," Claire said. "I prefer efficiency, at least when talking about this stuff. Anyway Anna, please, feel free."

She grabbed a bottle of parmesan cheese and shook it onto her pasta. I followed suit, burying the dish in pale yellow powder. Tomato sauce or not, I felt a little queasy eating something covered in red chunks of meat while someone sipped human blood right next to me.

On the other hand, I was hungry.

I took a bite, then another and another. And unfortunate connotations or not, it tasted good. The sauce had definitely come from a can, but the pasta hadn't been overcooked and I had covered it in enough cheese that it was hard to tell. My stomach settled. I finished my plate quickly and Claire loaded me up with another.

The meal continued in silence until Claire put her fork down. "In any event, we've been remiss in introducing ourselves," she said, taking a deep breath. "I'm Claire and this is Jason. These aren't the names we were born with, but we've been using them for a long time and they fit us. 'Evans' is a new name, though. You'll forgive us if we don't give you our real ones."

I nodded. "And I'm Anna Holland." That really was my real name, but it felt rude to point it out.

"As I'm sure you're aware of," said Claire, "my brother has vampirism and I do not."

She set down her fork. "I do, however, practice sorcery. That was how I detected your... device."

I shook my head. "Sorry, I don't really know what you mean by... sorcery and vampirism? Is that how to put it?"

Claire nodded. "Yes. Vampirism is a condition, it might be best to call it a 'blood condition' and 'vampire' is an individual who has it. Humans can have vampirism, but so can other animals."

"I... see." That didn't really explain anything at all.

Jason sighed. "If you won't ask, I will, Claire. Anna," he said, turning to me and looking into my eyes. "Are you a hunter?"

His expression was calm, but the intensity of his gaze scared me nonetheless. "No," I said, quickly putting my face down. "That is... I'm not the same as Tony and Tara."

"Are those the hunters you were with?" Claire asked gently.

"Yes," I said, forcing myself to speak. "They... wanted me to get you alone."

Claire nodded, "A decoy then. A sacrifice so they can kill the vampire." She raised an eyebrow and took on an incredulous tone. "I'm impressed you agreed, I suppose."

My head snapped up. "They saved my life," I said defensively, voice rising despite myself. "I didn't know anything about any of this before coming here to this city, and I've nearly been killed every other week since then, and half the time it wasn't even on purpose!"

I bit my lip before saying anything more. My arms shook and I clenched them to my sides.

Claire's face softened. "You're right to be afraid," she said, looking a little guilty. "Not all vampires are like my brother. In fact, most aren't."

"I just wanted... to do something." I said, quietly. "And to live."

"I understand," Claire sighed. "Sorry. We've had to live our lives in the shadows, too."

"Why do hunters hunt you, though?" I asked, "Jason, maybe, but why you?"

"Why me, indeed?" Claire murmured, leaning back in her chair and staring off into space. "In some ways, they want to kill me even more than Jason. But as to why... it's complicated."

"If you don't feel comfortable, it's okay..." I started saying hesitantly.

"No, you have the right to know," she said, drawing herself up. She looked into my eyes, her expression sad but determined. "You've been dragged into this whole mess, risked your life many times and now you're stuck here until we can get out of town. You at least deserve to know what started it all.

She took a deep breath. "It started about three thousand years ago... when humans first wrested fire, and then magic, from the gods. They became the first sorcerers and ruled the great kingdoms of the world."

"Magic was a great power back then, far greater than it is now. It could summon great floods, destroy a city with a word and even breathe life back into the dead."

Claire laughed bitterly. "It was too great, in fact. Three times, conflict between sorcerers threatened to destroy the world, to unmake it utterly or to alter it in such a way that it wouldn't be recognizable as our 'Earth.' In between these great conflicts, they warred amongst each other with mighty armies of both the dead and living, devastating everything in their path."

I shook my head. "That seems a bit much to believe. I mean, wouldn't records of that make it into history?"

"The difference between 'history' and 'myth' is far less than you imagine," replied Claire. "Many records of that time do exist, but the evidence is gone, wiped away by the very wars that nearly destroyed the world. Only stories survive and gradually even they fade away as they're passed down through oral tradition, until it's almost impossible to say what is true anymore."

"Anyway, vampirism was one of the conditions that sorcerers invented, from dark experiments in raising the dead. These creations became known as 'vampires' or 'nightwalkers.' They became soldiers in the Magi Wars."

"The Third Magi War shattered the world, erasing the existence of millions of people, killing hundreds of thousands more and wiping entire continents off the map. All kingdoms destroyed each other, in effect, in an attempt to prevent themselves from being destroyed. But in the end, only the wild lands beyond their reach survived."

"The surviving sorcerers and their tribes rebuilt the world, slowly and painfully. But before they did, they gathered one last Sorcerer's Council.

"After seven days and seven nights of debate, it was decided to abolish magic entirely, to wipe it from the world."

"This was easier said than done, magic resides in the air, earth, sea, and consciousness of humans. In fact, it still does. The survivors could bar the doors to the Hidden Realm from where gods and spirits come, and so they did. But they couldn't ensure the doors would remain shut or that future sorcerers wouldn't discover paths back to the Realm."

"Then there was the problem of the sorcerers' servants. Most were destroyed in the final days of the war, but others remained, warriors with no master."

"In the end, the last of the sorcerers split into two groups: the Keepers and the Penitents. Together, they made The Vow: the Keepers pledged to use their magic to bury all knowledge of it, while the Penitents would track down and eliminate the last of the servitors using powerful magical relics. Once both tasks were complete, the Keepers would destroy all their magical knowledge and the Penitents would destroy their magical artifacts.

"But fate changes all plans. The Keepers hoarded knowledge and secreted it away rather than destroy it. Some even turned from The Vow and attempted to amass power anew. Meanwhile, the Penitents dispersed among the surviving humans, forgetting their history and their pride--forgetting everything, in fact, but their hatred and lust for vengeance."

"Moreover, the servitors of the ancient mages were more cunning and resourceful than any had given them credit for, none more so than the breeds of nightwalkers and shapeshifters; that is to say, lycanthropes such as the werewolf. Most of the rest of the servitors were destroyed by the Penitents or as they became in a few short centuries, the hunters.

"And so what may have taken only a few centuries to complete ended up stretching out for nearly two millennia... until today."

Claire took a long gulp from the glass at her side. "And that is, in a nutshell, the history of the magical world."

I stared at my plate. "And... forgive me for asking, but how old are you, to speak of... all this? Sorry to be rude."

Claire laughed. "Not rude at all. I wasn't speaking of personal experience anyway, but of the legends as they were passed down by our mother. I'm older than I look, but still fairly young for a witch. I was born just after the American Civil War, though in a location quite a bit south."

"And I was born around the turn of the century," added Jason.

"Oh, is that all," I said sarcastically. "You two are practically spring chickens."

He shrugged. "Honestly, it doesn't feel all that long when you can only spend a decade or so in one place before people get suspicious."

"Anyway," said Claire. "That's the short version of why we're here and why we'd... prefer if you stayed here for another day."

I sighed. "Yeah, I understand," I managed to say glumly. "I just wish I could explain things to my boss... not that I'm probably not fired anyway."

Claire nodded. "Well, if it's money you're concerned about, we can share what we have. We don't really collect wealth, it's traceable in more ways than one, but we don't want for it either.

I flushed and looked up. "N-no, it's fine," I stammered.

"So is sharing," said Jason, turning to look at me straight on for the first time, "With us. It's only fair."

"Maybe..." I said, avoiding his gaze. "Let's talk about that later."

"Fair enough," Claire cleared the dishes off the table, opened the freezer and put them inside one by one.

Okay, that was a bit odd. She didn't seem to think anything of it. "Also, you can stay in the living room if you like."

I shook my head. "No, I'll head back. Food's making me a bit tired."

"Sleep well, then."

As I returned to my room, really, more like both Jason's room and my prison cell, I wondered again at how natural it felt to be with them, a normalcy that felt, somehow, special.

Chapter 9: Anger and Memories

When I was fifteen, the teachers found out about my mother's boyfriend or more accurately when I couldn't hide it any longer. The cops led him away in handcuffs and she blamed me, claiming I had "seduced" him.

Days filled with fights and nights with tears. One day, she threw a kitchen knife at me and I left.

I never saw her again.

So when I awoke from a troubled rest to find Jason standing over me, I decided resentfully that it all was just par for the course.

"Oh, it's you," I said, too tired and numb to even manage embarrassment or outrage.

He backed away. "Sorry. You were saying something in your sleep and I thought you were calling for help."

"Maybe I was." I stretched with both arms.

"You're awfully calm given the circumstances," he noted.

"Hysteria wouldn't do anyone any good," I said. I forced a small mischievous smile at the end. "Though I do wonder what would happen if I screamed loud enough to wake the neighbors."

He sighed. "Please don't."

I raised an eyebrow. "So you're blocking cell reception, but not sound?"

"I mean it," he insisted. "Look, we've only gotta be here a few hours longer. One of my friends is coming to help us move at sunset."

"Fair enough," I said. "But what would you do then?"

He shrugged. "Most likely, Sis would cast a spell on whoever came to investigate to make them forget they ever heard it. Then she'd throw a fake scream across the street to discourage further investigation and a silence spell in here. By the time they got everything straightened out, we'd be gone."

I laughed. "Magic's convenient," I said, with a slightly bitter smile.

He shook his head. "Mostly, it's only good for hiding."

I decided to change the subject. "So, what do vampires do for a living? You said you were a contractor, but..."

"And I am. It's just the jobs are all dealing with messes of our world. Rogue vamps, troublesome hunters, the odd werewolf incursion..."

"So you're a mercenary?"

"You could say that. Mercenary, bounty hunter... whatever keeps the blood supply flowing. I can't really work a normal job and even if I did, you can't access the blood market with normal money."

"You seemed okay in the day when I met you."

He smiled slightly. "That's because it was cloudy. Also, because of this," he said, reaching one hand up to the ceiling. The light flickered then it went out.

"Magic?" I asked to the suddenly pitch-black room.

His voice sounded behind me, and I jumped. "Of a sort... a sort that only nightwalkers can use. I'm not as strong as most, but most don't have my kind of power."

"Sounds handy," I commented, managing to keep my voice from shaking. There was no response.

I didn't hear him again for a moment and though I strained my ears, I could pick up nothing. Then, an inch from my right ear, he whispered, "You frightened?"

I jerked out of the chair in surprise. My elbow hit the ground hard and I ground my teeth. I did not cry out, though. I was determined to retain some control.

He chuckled. "That's a bit more like I expected."

Jerk. I seethed in the darkness.

A pause, "You know, we probably could handle it if you screamed a little."

Like hell I would now, I thought, although that resentful thought was rapidly being overwhelmed by an animal fear of the dark and fear of the monsters in it.

His next words were inches away from me, and the cold breath from them stroked my cheek. "What would you do, I wonder," he said, "If I turned out to be like my horror movie namesake?"

"I don't know," I said, in a small voice, breathing slowly and carefully. I could feel his fangs inches away from my head. "Probably die."

"That's very matter-of-fact."

"No point in sugarcoating it," I said, as nonchalantly as I could, remembering something from a long time ago.

When I was a runaway, I met another girl at a bus stop. She told me her name and we talked about where we were from. She'd run away from her traditional parents who tried to keep her from making "unapproved" friends or learning about "unapproved" subjects. A trucker offered us a ride to the next stop and I refused. She, however, accepted the offer and that was the last I had seen of her.

But the last I heard of her was a few weeks later when they found her mutilated body in a ditch. It was in the newspapers all over town. They'd caught the killer on camera near a truck stop... the very same trucker who had tried to give me a ride. I recognized his face immediately and it sent chills down my spine. That could have been me if I also took that ride. Why had I refused?

The fear I felt now was very similar to what I felt then, mixed in with a hundred other fears beside and a helpless, growing resentment.

The light turned on again. Jason was kneeling at my side with a strange expression on his face. Abruptly, he turned stood and turned away. "I... I'm sorry."

I didn't dare move.

His hands clenched. "You're just so..." A glimmer of something flashed in his eyes then vanished. "I can see why you're good at your job."

I scowled back, no longer able to hide my anger. "I didn't ask to be this way."

"We rarely do."

"If you wanted to bite me, all you have to do is use that love spell, right?" I said bitterly. "No need to scare me half to death."

"Love spell? Oh, you mean the Charm Powder," he said with a laugh. "No, I can't stand that stuff. And it doesn't work in the dark. It's really just something that makes you... impressionable for a brief window of time. But it also has an effect on us too, so I'd rather not bother."

"Good to know," I said drily. "Now, can you leave?"

"Sorry. Goodbye," and with that, he turned on a heel and left, the door shutting behind him.

Chapter 10: Moving Day

I was too wired to sleep, so I played games on my phone for a few hours, plugging it into the power strip when it ran low. The play relaxed me, though a sense of uneasiness lingered.

Late afternoon turned to evening outside the window and eventually I heard a knock. "Come in," I said.

Claire and Jason entered and behind them was another man, pale-skinned with long, jet-black hair. He wore a black suit and tie and a pair of sunglasses hung around his neck. "This is Roloth," Claire explained. "He's here to finish the move. In a few hours, we'll be out of your hair and you can call your friends in the morning. Roloth, this is Anna."

Roloth approached me and flashed a quick, dazzling smile, a smile with pointy teeth.

"A pleasure to meet you, Anna." He took my hand and knelt, briefly touching his lips to the back of my hand. My heart jumped. "I wish only that we could have met in... more peaceful and private times."

Claire rolled her eyes. "All right, enough of the jaw-flapping. Hurry up and move that desk."

"Is that any way to treat a friend who's helping you move?" Roloth said with a pout, but he stood willingly, grabbed a box of books and departed.

In the meantime, Jason and Claire busied themselves in the room, removing clothes and toiletries. When Roloth returned, he stopped in front of the iron-caged mirror and his face darkened. "This is that other thing you wanted me to take, right? Why haven't you gotten rid of it already?" His eyes flicked to me briefly.

"And do what exactly.... leave it in a junkyard?" Claire snorted.

"Better than putting it in a room with a mortal," Roloth retorted.

Claire shrugged. "She was only here for a day."

"Um, is there something I'm missing?" I asked timidly. Claire pursed her lips.

"I suspect there is a great deal you are missing, dear one," Roloth said with a laugh. "But suffice to say that there are things beyond the thresholds of the world which it is better for mere mortals to avoid. Iron bars discourage, but they do not block."

"Just get it out of here and into the truck," said Claire flatly.

"Very well," He lifted it with one hand, sprinkling the ground with black flakes. Tucking it under one arm, he bowed to me and departed.

"Yes, he's quite dramatic," Claire said with a sigh. "He's at least five hundred years old and maybe more. Remembers the way this country was like when the Europeans first found it, a bit different perspective than us. But we need him or someone with a true vampire's strength and he is the best we could have gotten on such short notice. And he's an old friend of the family's."

"True vampire?"

"Yes. Jason can't lift that mirror and storing it magically is... dangerous. Likewise with my books. However..." Claire looked around. "That chair you're sitting in is another matter. In fact, there's no way we can fit it out the door physically."

She withdrew a piece of chalk from her pocket and bent down. She circled around me with the chair then elongated it into a spiral. Within the tines of the spiral she scribed strange characters. Many, many characters, precisely and mechanically. I shifted uncomfortably.

After what seemed like an eternity of chalk strokes and weaving, she straightened. "That should do it. Sorry, but we're going to move the chair now. If you wouldn't mind waiting over there," She pointed to the corner.

I didn't need a second warning. Magic would be here soon, my instincts screamed as I leaped out of the chair.

Claire fished around in her pocket again, this time coming out with a strange pink powder which she casually tossed on the chair. "Om-bala-mitsu," she called and the chair trembled. The tines of the spiral glowed blue and the entire armchair began to sink into the floor with a soft squelch. Ripples spread from it as if the floor beneath it had liquefied.

Within a few minutes the chair had completely sunk below the circle. "All right. Jason might as well get those clothes in there too."

He nodded and tossed them in a single bundle into the circle, where they fell without a trace.

Roloth returned and his eyes fell on the circle. "Oh hey. I'm almost done with the books."

"Good timing. Get the desk too, will you?" asked Claire. "Careful, don't step in it."

He rolled his eyes. "What neophyte do you take me for?" He threw it in and it too quickly vanished. "Pretty cool, eh?" he asked me.

Claire sighed. "Another hour should do it."

Chapter 11: Goodbyes

The hour passed quickly, though uncomfortably as it seemed that the other vampire, Roloth, was watching me closely while trying to remain unnoticed. But pass it did and finally the room stood empty of everything, except for Claire, carrying a paper bag, the two vampires, and me with my purse.

Claire glanced around the room, satisfied. "And it's only midnight. Perfect. You two get down to the truck." Jason and Roloth departed.

She turned to me, setting a brown bag in front of me. "The spells on this room will dissipate in one hour. I apologize for leaving you here until then, but we can't take any chances. Please take these sandwiches until then and this cushion. "

I nodded. "Thanks."

"Again, I'm sorry we had to involve you in all this," Claire said apologetically. "With luck, this will be the last time we have to trouble you."

Jason poked his head back in the door. "Take care, and only kill the a**holes if you can,"

I laughed, although I felt uneasy and oddly sad. "Fair enough. You take care of yourselves too."

They departed together and the door shut again. Silence reigned once more, except this time it felt even more poignant in the bare unfurnished room.

I settled myself on the cushion, cross-legged, and opened the bag. Inside were plastic-wrapped sandwiches and a yellow envelope. Opening the envelope, I withdrew a signed note that read, "For your troubles. Take care!" There was a stack of hundred dollar bills included inside.

I swallowed as I counted the money. Two months groceries and rent, assuming I didn't spend it all in one place. And I was tempted to, as I realized abruptly that I wanted nothing so much as to get the hell out of town.

I looked out at the window and relaxed against the wall. Soon, very soon.

A knock came at the window. I thought I had imagined it at first, but then it came again... a persistent rapping noise. I rose, stretching my legs.

I moved to the window and parted the curtains. The street was empty below.

A familiar voice came from above, low and menacing. "I've come for you, my cloistered Princess."

I jerked back in surprise, but it was too late. The scent of roses filled my nostrils and I reflexively looked up to see a dark figure, eyes piercing my heart.

I smiled up at him, certain that I had been rescued from something terrible. "Roloth," I whispered lovingly. "You have returned."

"How could I not?" he said. "Pray, this cursed window divides us." He placed one hand on each side of the window pane and strained. With a loud creak, the whole wooden window ripped off the frame in a shower of dirty plaster. Contemptuously, he threw the window to the floor with a crash.

He then leaped inside and embraced me. "You have no idea how much I've searched for you."

"Searched for me?" I echoed against him, intrigued but not alarmed.

He released me and pierced me with his steady, hungry gaze. "Yes. I'll explain everything soon, my dear. We must go before you are found."

He scooped me off my feet and held me tenderly against him. I wrapped my arms around his neck.

Roloth hopped into the gap in the wall, jolting me slightly. Even so, I felt secure and solid in his arms.

In a great gust of wind, he jumped from the broken windowsill and I clung tightly as we flew over the street and onto the rooftop of the opposite building.

The wind nipped us as he ran and jumped amidst the rooftops. Briefly, I looked up at the crescent moon, then back at his face. He turned to look at me and smiled, and his teeth gleamed in the moonlight. Silently, I longed for the moment to last forever.

At last we reached the bay with rows of ruined warehouses lounging around a three-dock wharf. He landed in the window of a two-story warehouse and set me down on the floor. My shoes crunched on broken glass and I looked up at him inquisitively.

"We must make sure you are not found," he explained. "Or all will be lost. Moreover..." he leaned closer. "Your closeness fills me with a fire I'd long forgotten. We shall not go further tonight."

He inhaled deeply of my hair and I caught a whiff of him too... and flinched. He smelled of dust and spores and something old. He wore faint, but spicy cologne. Beneath it, something rotted.

He seemed to sense my nervousness. "Are you frightened, my beautiful Siren? Do not worry. Unlike the others, I know your true value."

I felt disoriented, like there was something I was forgetting, "My... value?"

"Enough talk." he walked me back, arms encircling me. "There will be time for that later," he whispered in my ear. "Tonight, know only that I am your Lord and I claim you."

His fangs were inches from my neck and I cried out involuntarily. My mind raced and for the first time, I realized the danger I'd put myself in. It must be wearing off; some tiny part of my mind spoke. Do something! He'll kill you!

But there was nothing I could do. He had me and he would do what he pleased. And despite knowing this, I still adored him.

As he spoke, his breath caressed my neck. "Do not fear, darling. You are more than a meal," he whispered. "I shall make you a beautiful memory."

He pushed me backwards and over onto a crate. Sinking on top of me, he pinned my arms and leaned down ruthlessly. His cold, hungry lips met mine and melded together. His hands wandered up and down my body and I shivered with arousal despite myself. It felt perfect, but also terrible.

Savagely, he tore open my blouse and yanked down my bra. He seized my br**sts in a vice-grip, making me cry out again and struggle helplessly in his iron grip. He laughed and squeezed again. "You're enjoying this, aren't you?"

Roloth's hands trailed down to my legs, reaching one hand up my skirt and pulling off my panties. I froze, motionless, torn still between arousal and fear. The voice in the back of my head was screaming at me to move or do something. Anything! But I pushed it aside with a practiced mental shrug. There was nothing to do, I told it. He might be a predator; if so, I could be nothing else, but be his prey.

Nothing else, but prey, I told the voice and at last I achieved a sort of calm as he brought his head to my thigh -- and plunged into me. Another cry seeped from my lips as his fangs pierced skin and muscle, a pain deeper than anything I'd ever felt before, along with a rush like nothing else I'd ever felt. I kicked my free leg out, in agony and ecstasy.

He withdrew quickly and sunk his teeth into my side. I moaned again and my hands jerked in spasms.

His teeth roamed all over my body, piercing and splitting me open. Blood flowed forth and my body shuddered with every new wound. I was dying, I thought. He would kill me.

At last, he stared deeply into my eyes as my vision swam. I could no longer even lift my hand to stop him and he sunk deeply into my neck.

I felt a presence within me or was I the presence within Him? Feverishly, I saw visions of fields and valleys and ancient cities, mixed with scenes of my own past of mothers and school and boyfriends. They swarmed my mind like floating clouds.

How small and petty my memories looked beside HIS, I thought and gradually they grew smaller and less frequent. I saw a tower worked of bone and black metal that stretched to the heavens; then a great stepped pyramid adorned in gold. For only a moment, I saw the house I grew up in on, then a sprawling city surrounded by waves.

My being was subsuming into HIS and I found that I did not care.

No one would miss me, I thought. No one needed this tiny, worthless existence. Being a part of HIM, I thought, was worth so much more than being me.

He would remember me, I said to myself as consciousness fled away. That would be enough.

Chapter 12: A New Peril

It was dark and my head hurt. I was sitting on uneven ground. I couldn't move my hands.

I realized it was dark because my eyes were shut.

I opened them, slowly. The light shot into my skull and I winced painfully.

Slowly, the picture became clearer. It was daytime, but the room was covered in shadow. I was in a warehouse. I was alone.

Alone? My eyes flew open and I looked around frantically. No one else was in the room. I breathed a sigh of relief.

I looked up at my wrists. They were tied to a vertical beam. My head swam and I closed my eyes again until the worst of it passed.

I had been captured by another vampire.

This was starting to get old, I thought in frustration. I had thought my ordeal in Jason's room would be the end of it, but it seemed things only got worse. For one thing, my shirt was still open and in tatters, some of the buttons were gone and my underwear lay in a shredded mess next to me.

Well, enough was enough. I had had it with sticking around and waiting for people to release me. I took a deep breath to calm myself; now was no time for my emotions to get the better of me.

I looked around for something of use, something anywhere. There was a door across the room and a large frosted window to my right that seemed like it overlooked the rest of the warehouse. Behind me was the window that Roloth and I had entered. None of the exits were within reach.

My eyes fell on my purse, lying by my feet next to the bag Claire had given me.

I reached out a leg and hooked it closer, then bent over, fishing for the flap with my teeth. My head spun as I bobbed for it, finally snagging one edge of the leather in my mouth. I flicked my head and the flap fell open.

My phone was still inside, I saw with a flash of relief. I just had to get it somehow.

I twisted my wrists. My hands were handcuffed together and the chain led behind the narrow beam. I could slide them up and down, but not far enough to reach the phone.

I put the opened purse between my knees, then slid down until my shoulder blades touched the stained concrete ground. Hiking my knees up, I barely managed to grab the purse in my shaking right hand. I fumbled around desperately, finally managing to snag the phone inside and drop the rest. I twisted my head to the side of the beam and looked up at the phone, flipping it on.

It read four twenty-nine P.M. Fifty percent battery life. Most importantly: four bars reception. I laughed, suddenly deliriously giddy.

With trembling hands, I turned on the GPS and waited for it to find me, straining my ears for Roloth and praying that he would not return soon.

The GPS icon blinked on and off, on and off. Then the blue triangle appeared. I noted down my location, then speed-dialed Tony.

My heart pounded as one ring passed, then another. Then, a click. "Anna!" he exclaimed. "Are you all right?"

"I'm fine," I croaked. I sounded hideous, I thought in disgust.

"What? Are you okay? Where are you?"

I cleared my throat. "I'm fine. I'm at the corner of Tin mill and M Yard. Warehouse 2nd floor."

"On my way!" his voice faded on the last word. Was he about to hang up?

"Wait!" I yelled, suddenly panicked. "There's going be a vampire here soon, an old one."

"Got it." Then a click, followed by a dial tone.

I sighed and hung up, carefully opening my purse with my knees and dropping my phone back in. Then, I kicked it back to about where it was before. That would have to do.

I sat up and waited.

Chapter 13: Fateful Choice

Unfortunately, Roloth came for me first, wearing a long, hooded off-white coat and thick sunglasses. He tossed them off and smiled down at me. "Sorry to leave you alone, Princess."

I didn't answer. He walked over to me. "Here, you must be uncomfortable." With a snap, he unlocked the cuffs and they slid off onto the ground. I dropped my hands and massaged my wrists and shoulders.

"I apologize for the rough accommodations, but I simply could not lose you again." He leaned down to stroke my face.

My revulsion to the touch of his cold hand fought with my curiosity. Curiosity won. "What do you mean by 'again?'"

He laughed, "In a matter of speaking. What you are, my dear, is a treasure, of the sort that only appears once in a mortal generation."

He picked me up and set me on my feet.

"You are a treasure that deserves better storage than this dusty warehouse, to be sure. Soon I will bring you to more... accommodating environs, where you will be treated as the Princess you are."

My heart clenched, "Soon?"

"As soon as the sun sets, it shouldn't be more than a half-hour now."

My mind raced. Would Tony and the others be too late?

I had to think of something. "I'm..." I was interrupted by the growling of my stomach. Perfect. "I'm feeling... almost faint from hunger," I simpered.

"Of course, Princess," he said as he bent down and handed me the bag that Claire had given to me. "Here, you will want to eat before you leave." I saw the sandwiches; he had taken the money. Easy come, easy go, I supposed.

But I was too hungry to care and the sudden stand had made me as dizzy as I was claiming to be. I tore into the sandwiches with a vengeance and before I knew it I was licking the crumbs off my fingers.

Though it was a trying effort, I managed to slow down on the last two sandwiches, taking my time and eating slowly. By the time I was done, the sunset was shining through a crack in the window.

He saw it too. "Almost... just a few minutes more."

I swallowed. Stall. I had to. "You keep calling me a Princess, but I don't understand. You seem to actually mean it."

He laughed. "All women are Princesses, even--no, especially, the ones that I devour in the night." He stroked my neck and I fought the urge to jerk away or run. "But you are right. You are different, special."

"You are destined to walk in the darkness with us, my dear. And you shall become the greatest nightwalker of all. The blood of Our Queen runs through your veins and when you are turned... it will fully manifest."

He embraced me. "Your power shall rule the Night, my dear Siren and I shall rule you."

"I am... to become a nightwalker?" I murmured, fighting the disgust I felt at his touch.

"All in good time," he assured me. "Once you accept me as your master, I will show you into a new world."

I cast my mind around for something to extend the conversation, anything. "I don't know..." I said. "It sounds frightening."

"As frightening as being born from a womb is to the unborn," he said. "But necessary. Your true life shall begin soon."

He reached in his pocket. "Enough talk. I will take you now and you will be silent." He threw something at me, glimmering.

No! The charm powder! I quickly closed my eyes and turned my head away. The wave of rosy relaxation made my head spin, but nothing else happened.

He was still a monster and I wouldn't go along with him.

"Stubborn girl!" he snarled. "I thought you would respond to gentleness, but it seems I was mistaken."

A stinging slap struck the side of my face and I lost my balance, tumbling to the floor. "I'm sorry!" I yelled, thinking fast. "I... I sneezed."

Roloth growled, "Fine. Just don't make a sound as we go." He glanced out the window.

"At least the sun's long since set," He scooped me up and threw me over his shoulder like a sack of wheat, then walked towards the window.

"We've wasted enough t--Arrgh!" He stumbled back and we fell together in a heap on the ground. He was staring at the open window and I followed his gaze to a crossbow bolt embedded in the window frame.

My heart leapt. Tara! It had to be. Which meant...?

The door behind us burst open and Tony dashed in. "Die, vampire!"

"Damned hunters!" Roloth snarled, shoving me upwards and into Tony. Tony caught me and spun me along the wall just as Roloth struck, punching him in the gut. The hunter flew back into the frosted window, cracking it in half. He just barely managed to avoid the second punch, which shattered the window frame and sent him tumbling back onto the catwalk overlooking the warehouse floor.

Roloth lunged, fist raised. Tony caught his punch. Roloth's eyes widened. "Nice... try," panted Tony. "But I'm no ordinary hunter."

Tony yanked Roloth over his head and into a pile of boxes down below. Tony turned to the outside window. "Change of plans, Brett! Gimme my sword and head for the spotters!"

The window shattered as a sheathed blade flew through it. Tony caught it in the air and drew it in one smooth motion, letting the scabbard fall to the deck. Then, he leapt off the balcony and disappeared from view.

I let out a breath that I didn't realize I was holding and sat down on one of the boxes, shaking. It was out of my hands now. I heard a ferocious cry coming from below, then a yell from Tony and several crashing sounds. Then heavy footsteps.

"Damn!" Tony's voice echoed from below. "I WILL find you, vampire!"

"Well doesn't that sound scary," someone said right beside me. I jumped.

"Whoa, easy!" said Jason. "Don't make a fuss now, okay?"

"How did you get here?" I whispered, casting a nervous eye out at the warehouse. No one seemed to notice him.

Jason shrugged. Even looking right at him, I had trouble picking him out from the shadowy environment. "Claire got worried when Roloth didn't rendezvous with us. Then she hopped back to the house and saw he'd broken her ward... not to mention wrecking our deposit. Then we checked every hideout we knew he had."

"Ah," I said. "But why'd you bother?"

"Because it was our fault you met him in the first place," he replied. "Also, I think you should put your shirt back on."

I looked down and blushed at my open shirt with some buttons still missing. Quickly, I redid the remaining buttons as best I could.

Jason nodded and extended a hand. "Now come on. If your Hunter can't hold him back..."

Bright light flooded through the window from three blinding spotlights, casting sharp white shafts on the warehouse floor. Roloth screeched.

"...Or, he may be just fine," Jason concluded.

Below, Tony ran at Roloth, thrusting and slicing with his sword. Roloth leapt backwards, dodging, hand swatting the air as if to ward off the searing light.

Roloth's back bumped into a pile of crates. Reaching behind him, he seized one of them and threw it at Tony. While the other man struggled around it, he leaped up nearly twenty feet into one of the empty warehouse windows.

Our eyes met across the valley of crates. I shivered as I heard his voice in my mind. "I must leave now, sweet Princess. I shall return." He jumped off the wall and was gone.

I sighed, relieved, and turned to Jason. "Okay, we're fine now. Thanks... for coming back."

He started to respond, when the spotlight in the window swiveled to face us. Eyes stinging, I threw a hand up to shield myself from the blinding light. Jason cried out in pain beside me.

"There's another one!" yelled Tony. "Tara, get it!"

The door broke open and Tara barged into the room. "On it." She raised her crossbow at Jason and fired a single shot into his leg. He gasped and fell to one knee. I foundered in confusion and sudden, stabbing fear, worse than anything I had felt when I had been held prisoner.

As Jason tried to drag himself to the window, Tony dashed up the stairs and grabbed him. I saw the stake appear in his hand, as the two wrestled, Jason trying to get away, Tony trying to gain leverage. They staggered together out onto the balcony and Tony managed to pin Jason against the rail. He raised his arm, the stake pointed straight at Jason's heart.

No! Jason's hands clenched the stake arm as he thrust it closer and closer. Their arms trembled with exertion. Tony clearly had the upper hand and it was only a matter of time.

My vision swam from the shock and the bright light. "Stop!" I cried out, but Tony took no notice.

"Die.... vampire....!" he hissed through gritted teeth.

My body moved on its own. I ran forward and collided with the struggling men. "Stop, please!" I pleaded, trying to pull Tony off Jason. I might have well been trying to lift a truck.

In desperation, I lifted Tony's feet off the ground with all of my strength.

Taken by surprise, he lost his balance and they plunged forward. My grip broke and I fell backwards onto the catwalk and they tipped forwards over the rail.

I caught a single glimpse of Tony's shocked face as it fell and then he vanished. I heard a sharp, meaty crack and a louder weighty thump.

I couldn't move. I couldn't imagine what happened or even that anything did. I just remained rooted to the spot.

Tara ran to the balcony. "Tony! Are you all right?" Silence answered her, but it snapped me out of the spell.

Shaking, I picked myself up off the ground and walked to the edge of the balcony.

Still half-blinded by the light, I saw two bodies. One lay unmoving under a pile of crates and I could only see his feet. The other lay with his neck at a strange angle, one that was impossible for a live human to maintain. My knuckles turned white as I gripped the handrail in shock.

What had I done?

