Chapter 1

Excerpts From The Book Of Vampire Healer:

An intimate act with your chosen mate will release the mating instincts of the vampire healer...

And so, the vampire healer is a subspecies, classified as vampire, but with definite differences in power and mating habits...

You are vampire and this book was not written to make you feel different from your brethren, brothers and sisters. It is merely a reference to help you better understand your purpose, obligations and the rules that come with the great privilege that was bestowed upon you at your birth...

******

Regan Taylor slammed the monstrous leather-bound tome closed with a loud bang and a disgusted snort. "Surely you don't believe all of this garbage, Liam?"

Liam Hale tried desperately not to smile as he eyed the fierce look on Regan's face and reached for the soy sauce in the middle of the low, round table that was practically groaning from the weight of the massive spread of Chinese food. It was his night to pick what they had for dinner. He had called for Chinese to be delivered to his house because he had been working late. Maybe he had gotten a little carried away while he was ordering. "It's our only reference book," he answered casually as he shifted off of his knees and into a sitting position on his living room floor.

Regan pushed the book from her lap and let it slide to the carpeted floor as she scooted up to the table and lifted her spoon. "It isn't a very good reference. It doesn't even tell you how to mate," she replied indignantly as she spooned a small amount of rice into her mouth.

Liam paused with his fork half way to his mouth and answered with a smirk, "I actually already know how to do that extremely well. I had plenty of practice in my first hundred years." Too much practice, Liam thought. He had essentially been a man-whore because he knew he was almost certainly never going to be able to have sex again after he crossed the age of one hundred. And he hadn't. Not in three hundred years.

Regan's cheeks were flushed as she answered, "Don't try to embarrass me, Liam. You know what I mean." She waved her empty spoon toward the book and frowned, "I think they deliberately make it difficult for vampire healers to mate. Not only do you have to find your mate, but then you have to perform an intimate act of some sort before you are really able to be intimate? It makes no sense. Why the mystery? Why can't they just tell you what to do?" Regan swallowed a bite of kung pao chicken before continuing, "And going on and on about the great honor you are given as a healer...blah, blah, blah." She rolled her eyes before adding, "Being a healer is more like being a prisoner for you. You work almost every moment you're awake."

Liam shrugged as he watched the residual blush fade from Regan's animated face. God, she was pretty and maybe he shouldn't pretend to misunderstand her meaning just to see her rosy cheeks, but he couldn't help it. Problem was...she was pretty much onto him. They had been in each other's company almost every day for eight months and she rarely got flustered anymore. "I doubt that it matters," he replied as he picked up another egg roll and devoured it. "No vampire healer has ever found their mate in the last thousand years. And I've only heard tales of it happening in the long distant past. I'm not certain if it's truth or myth."

"Whoever created those stupid rules makes it impossible. A regular vampire will at least get a chance when his mate calls him to her. Vampire healers don't even get that opportunity. You can't even recognize your mate; much less know what to do to initiate the mating instinct."

She was right. He was basically screwed, but Liam had pretty much accepted that hundreds of years ago.

Regan was still vehemently contesting his lack of rights as a vampire healer, but Liam couldn't be anything but happy as he watched her, delighted by her changing expressions and unusual show of emotions. He had been in a state of happiness for the last eight months, since the day that he and Regan had met and become friends. Granted, she had been pointing a gun at him and his brother Nathan at the time, but that could be easily forgiven since she had thought they were trying to kill her sister, Sasha.

Okay, maybe she hadn't taken to him right away, but Liam had adored Regan since the day she had so bravely stormed Nathan's house, without a single thought to her own safety, to protect her sister.

Maybe his c**k wasn't hard, but what he felt for Regan went way beyond infatuation and physical desire. He had come to depend on seeing her every day. It made life as a vampire healer a hell of a lot more bearable and whole lot less lonely.

"Vampire healers don't have a life of their own, Regan. You know that," he answered her calmly as he continued to watch her and consume enormous amounts of food at the same time. It was a skill he had perfected since he and Regan had started having dinner together every night.

Regan sighed as she put down her spoon and stopped eating to look at him. "You work too hard, Liam. You need to have some of the other healers work more. You deserve some sort of life."

It was strange that he had never really cared about how much he worked, which was why he answered most of the healing calls. He was re-thinking that, now that he wanted to spend more time with Regan. She made him want to do more than work. It wasn't easy to change habits that had formed over hundreds of years and the other healers still grumbled about taking their share of calls sometimes, but he was starting to kick their asses into gear. He had spoiled them over the last few hundred years.

"I'm working on it." At least he had some time every day to do something other than work and fall into an exhausted day sleep. His friendship with Regan had made him reconsider a lot of things that he had never even thought about before.

Regan pushed her plate away as she added, "And you need to tell your brothers about the backlash."

Oh, hell no. "I can't do that. If they get into trouble they would never call me." Time to change the subject. "Are you going to eat any more of the pot stickers?"

Regan laughed lightly and shoved the container of pan fried dumplings toward Liam. "I'm full. They're all yours. I don't know how you manage to put away so much food."

He grinned as he grabbed up the container. "Vampire metabolism."

"Did you feed today?"

"Nope. Worked too late."

There it was the little crinkle that formed between her eyebrows when she was concerned. Liam wanted to lean over the low table and kiss the frown from her forehead.

"You're a healer. You expend a lot of energy and you need to feed every day. Human food won't cut it," she informed him, probably for the millionth time in the last eight months.

"Tomorrow," he promised.

"You always say that."

"I always do it," he reminded her, grumbling the reply. Was there anything he wouldn't do for Regan?

Liam hated feeding, but he always did it once he promised Regan that he would. Otherwise, he avoided it as long as possible, disliking the fact that he had to find human donors and take their blood without consent. He knew he had to do it to continue to thrive and serve his people, but he received no pleasure from the act. It was simply a necessity.

Regan always sounded like a concerned mate, worrying about him like he really meant something to her...and Liam ate it up. Had any woman ever cared about him in that way? Probably not. He had lost count of how many women he had screwed in his early days, but none of them had ever given a shit about him. They had wanted sexual satisfaction from an able male, and he had given it to them.

He released a tired breath as he finished off the last fried dumpling and dropped the empty container on the table. How did he ever get lucky enough to find a friend like Regan? Hell yes, she fussed sometimes. But he actually enjoyed it. He found himself wanting to humor her, make her happy. She didn't exactly have it easy herself as a mage healer, and he was obsessed with keeping her happy, keeping her safe.

"You're the most frustrating vampire I know," she mumbled as she crossed her arms.

He quirked a brow at her and tried not to laugh. "And exactly how many vampires are you personally acquainted with?" Since mage and vampire didn't mix, Liam was willing to bet that the only ones she knew were his brothers.

She shot him an irritated don't-go-there look and huffed, "You're frustrating, Liam Hale."

"You're beautiful." It popped out of Liam's mouth without a thought and he said it with complete honesty. She was beautiful, and he wasn't referring to just her gorgeous baby blues and silky blonde hair that brushed her shoulders in cute, fat curls. He loved those twisted locks. They made him want to reach out and straighten them to see if they would bounce right back into place.

Regan radiated a quiet strength and compassion that drew him to her with an intensity that he couldn't seem to fight...and didn't want to fight. While he had always had his brothers for companions, he had still been incredibly lonely before he had met Regan. He loved his brothers and would give his life for any one of them, but there were certain things that he couldn't talk to them about, forcing him to keep them at a distance.

Maybe his brothers had never felt the distance - but Liam felt it, especially with his twin, Rory.

All of his brothers were now mated and although Liam was happy for them, it had made the loneliness that much more acute. Until he had met Regan. She eased the ache, made the loneliness fade while she was near him. A mage healer, Regan understood him, sometimes better than he understood himself.

"Don't think that compliments will get you out of feeding." Regan still had her arms crossed and now her eyebrows were raised as she glared at him, but Liam could see the underlying amusement in her expression.

"Do they ever?" he quipped, his tone wry, as he shot her a questioning gaze.

"Nope," she tossed back at him. "I'm completely immune to your charm."

Damn. Something inside of Liam flinched as he wondered why that comment scored a hit. For some perverse reason he really didn't want her to be immune to him, but he certainly couldn't seduce her. His mind was more than willing...but his body wasn't capable. "I'll feed tomorrow, Regan. I've never broken a promise to you."

Her face softened and she smiled a smile that lit up Liam's whole world and nearly knocked him on his ass. "I know you haven't and I know you wouldn't," she murmured softly.

Liam felt a pang in his chest and barely stopped himself from rubbing it. There were moments when Regan could make him feel like the most powerful creature on earth just because of her trust and faith in him. God help him, but he never wanted to lose that.

"My council has chosen a mate for me." Regan said quietly, almost as if she was talking to herself.

"Oh, Christ! Again?" Shit! Liam noted to himself that he'd have to take care of that problem for longer than a few months this time. This was the third mate they had chosen for Regan in the last eight months. He was so f**king tired of the mage council trying to sell Regan off to the highest bidder with the best bloodline, as if she was a damned prize cow. "I'll take care of it, Regan."

"No, Liam. You've always refused to tell me how you got me out of the other matches, but I can make a good guess. You can't keep doing this. This man doesn't sound so bad," she said hesitantly.

"Over my dead body," Liam growled.

Regan started twirling a lock of her hair, something that Liam knew she only did when she was nervous. "I have to mate eventually. "

"No...you don't. Not until you find the right one. You don't love him."

"Love isn't part of our mating process," she answered quietly.

"It will be for you. You deserve to be loved and cherished." Liam tried to get a grip on his irritation. Love wasn't a part of the mage mating process. It wasn't really part of a vampire mating either, but all of his brothers had gotten lucky and he didn't want to see anything less for Regan. He'd buy off a thousand potential mage mates for Regan before he saw her mated to some jerk who didn't appreciate her. The mage might value blue blood, but the snobby ass**les were severely lacking in funds. Luckily, money was something Liam had in an almost unlimited supply. He wouldn't miss a million...or three, and wouldn't hesitate to part with the money again to save Regan the heartache of mating with a male who would make her life miserable.

Personally, Liam thought the mages needed a serious infusion of new blood. Their gene pool was obviously screwed up from too much inbreeding. Well...with a few exceptions. Sasha was great...and Regan was damn near perfect. If he could have chosen the perfect mate for himself....

Don't go there, buddy. It isn't happening!

Liam jerked himself back to reality as he listened to Regan speak. "Fine. I'll get to know him first this time. He's closer to my age and maybe I'll fall madly in love, but I don't want you to interfere. I'll handle it. You can't fight my battles for me, Liam." Regan was up on her knees now and glaring down at Liam, who still had his ass flat on the floor. Liam tried not to let his amusement show on his face. It wasn't like she had gained much height on him, even in her elevated position. She was a compact spitfire, but then, her strength and power had nothing to do with her size.

"Of course I can." He rose to his knees and crossed his arms over his chest as they glowered at each other. Despite his delight at her little flash of temper, this wasn't a battle that Liam intended to lose. "I'm your friend...I'm male...and I'm a vampire," he told her seriously, like that explained everything that she needed to know.

Regan tossed her head and broke his gaze as she flopped onto her back, rolling with laughter. "Oh my God, Liam! You can be so arrogant and chauvinistic sometimes." She rolled onto her side to look up at him as she continued to chortle and choked out, "Just when I think you're coming into the twenty-first century, you go all knight-in-shining-armor on me."

His arms stayed crossed and he gave her a dark look as he replied, "I'm not that old. And I don't see women as inferior, but they are not as physically strong and sometimes require protection." And damn it, he'd be more than willing to slay dragons for her if she had any stalking her.

"Tarzan?" she suggested, still giggling.

"Completely fictional," he answered in denial.

"Tyrant?"

He seemed to consider that for a moment and replied, "Possibly."

Regan propped herself on her elbows, tears of mirth flowing down her cheeks, and said lightly, "Come back to the twenty-first century, Grandpa. We need to discuss this rationally."

Liam took a deep breath to tell her there was no way he was letting her mate with someone who wasn't good enough for her when his phone started vibrating on the table.

Nathan. "Yeah, Nathan," he ground out irritably.

"Liam? Can you meet us all downtown? We have a 'fallen' situation."

Since Nathan was all business, Liam took the location of the meeting, promising he would get there as soon as he could.

"I have to go help my brothers...but this discussion isn't over,"

Liam warned her ominously as he ended the phone call abruptly.

Regan frowned and stood up as Liam rose to his feet. "Please tell me you aren't going out to destroy fallen vampires." Her voice was trembling, all traces of amusement gone.

"I'll just assist. Don't worry." Liam couldn't resist and bent down to try to kiss away the worry lines between her eyes. They didn't disappear, but he had that brief, fleeting moment of feeling her soft skin beneath his lips and breathing in the light sent of lilacs before he started to fade.

He knew his brothers were waiting for him so he started summoning the power to teleport himself to the designated meeting place.

"Please be careful."

That sweet, feminine voice and the sight of her lightly touching the spot where he had pressed a butterfly kiss were last things he heard and saw before he was abruptly transported to his brothers.

And all hell broke loose.

*****

Chapter 2

Was Liam a complete masochist, or just a vampire with a constant death wish?

Regan had been contemplating the same question for the last two hours as she paced Liam's large, tastefully decorated living room. She had long since cleaned up any remnants of their Chinese meal even though Liam could have done it with a wave of his hand. The task had occupied her body, but it didn't stop her mind from racing with fear for his safety.

Damn it! When would the stubborn vampire admit that, as a vampire healer, he was different? He couldn't fight battles with the fallen and come out unscathed. She had watched him suffer way too often not feel outraged over the entire situation. His brothers needed to know, but Liam certainly wasn't going to be the one to enlighten them.

Liam was her friend, she reminded herself as she stopped pacing before she wore a hole in the plush carpeting and flopped onto a comfortable leather sofa. When he was hurting, it nearly killed her.

Because Liam is your mate!

Regan wanted to shake her head in denial, but it wouldn't help. Liam was her mate, but he could never know the truth. How many times had she wanted to tell him to see if they could solve the mystery of the intimacy clause in the Book Of The Vampire Healer?

You love him.

God help her, but she did love Liam Hale with every breath in her body, which is why he could never know that she was his chosen mate. She couldn't pinpoint the exact moment when she had known that she loved him, but his safety had become her number one priority.

Regan had known the truth about being his mate since her sister had mated with his brother Nathan eight months ago. It hadn't been difficult to figure out who the mark that was imprinted on her hip belonged to after she had seen Sasha's marking and her sister had revealed its meaning. Liam had been the last unmated brother and his mark was very similar to Nathan's. The mark of the dragon.

Regan curled her body into the corner of the sofa and shivered as she remembered the horror of the night the mage council had come to her home, shortly after Sasha had mated with Nathan, stripping her naked to look for the mating mark of the vampire on her body. Her own mother had ratted Regan out, remembering that her youngest daughter had the strange birthmark. While Sasha's mark had appeared on her eighteenth birthday, Regan had been born with hers. After slowly and painfully altering the mark, the council had given her a choice - mate with the mage of their choice or see Liam killed by the mage league of assassins.

Tears leaked from Regan's eyes as she rubbed the altered mark on her hip. While the pain of the alteration had been excruciating, the fact that Liam would never be hers hurt even more. She could never risk him, never tell him that they were destined mates. And oh...how she wanted to blurt out the truth and try every intimate act that she could think of to fire his mating instinct.

But would Liam even want her?

He was fond her. Regan knew that. What she didn't know was whether he would really want her as a mate. He treated her like buddy or a sister and while she knew he wanted her company, would he ever want her as she wanted him? Yeah...he threw her an occasional compliment, but she suspected it was more out of sympathy than any other emotion.

Maybe she should just mate with the mage council's choice and get it over with. She would be forcefully separated from Liam's company and possibly get over her raging desire for Liam. Getting over it would be good since he would never be hers. Why prolong the agony?

Liam insisted that being a healer kept him too busy and that he would never mate because he couldn't be a good partner. Did he mean that, or was he only saying it to make himself feel better about the slim possibility of finding his mate?

It doesn't matter. You'll never have the opportunity to find out.

Only Sasha and the council knew that she was Liam's destined mate and she had begged Sasha not to share the truth with Nathan. Nathan would certainly tell Liam and then Liam...would be dead. Somehow, at some point, the league of mage assassins would take him out. Sasha had been hesitant to hold back the truth from Nathan, but Regan's sister also knew the power of the league of mage assassins. That knowledge had been enough to keep Sasha silent on the subject of Liam and Regan.

Regan wiped the tears from her cheeks in swipes of angry resignation. Why did she torture herself by spending nearly every day in Liam's company?

Because you can't stay away! You love him; you feel his loneliness, feel his need for companionship.

It was true. She couldn't stay away from him and although their time together was both bliss and torture, she ached to be near him.

She was drawn to him, compelled to try to take care of him. Liam had been conditioned almost from birth to sacrifice...and he needed a friend to save him from himself. He gave too much, kept too many secrets, and never gave a second thought to the price he had to pay for keeping those secrets or making those sacrifices.

"Oh, Liam," she sighed softly as she remembered how he had pursued her friendship in the beginning even though she had tried to brush him off. She had never had a chance against his determination and persistence. Liam Hale could be a total pain in the ass when he wanted to be. A handsome, sexy, caring and sometimes arrogant pain in the ass! But still, a constant pain in the ass when he wanted something. And for some unknown reason, Liam had wanted Regan's friendship and companionship. Who could ignore those chocolate brown eyes filled with an emptiness that tugged at the heart and that muscular, towering body that was made for sins that Regan hadn't even contemplated committing before she met Liam? Lately, she had been thinking about sex way too much.

Regan felt an irrational pang of jealousy toward all of the women that Liam had ever had in his bed. Those women might be hundreds of years deceased, but she still disliked every one of them for having a part of Liam that she would never see. What would he look like with his dark hair mussed and his eyes filled with desire?

Absolutely terrifying! And completely irresistible!

Crap...the man was already an unholy temptation and he had zero sexual desire, she could only imagine what those women had felt during the time that they were the object of his desire. No doubt, Liam had satisfied every one of them.

Regan's womb clenched and her ni**les hardened at the thought. She had never had a man inside of her because the mage didn't have relations with anyone other than their mate, but she was a healer. It wasn't as if she didn't understand the act. But for the first time she craved it with a man...with Liam.

She wrapped her arms around her body and tried not to feel the pain of longing for something that she could never have. She was mage and had been taught from the time that she was an infant not to display her emotions. Naturally quiet, shy and withdrawn, the way of the mage had come easily to her...until she had met Liam. He fired a whole barrage of emotions that she wasn't used to handling on a daily basis. It felt good to be alive, to laugh, to have someone that she could talk to other than her sister, Sasha. But being with Liam also brought a certain amount of pain and fear that she had to stuff deep inside of herself or end up suffocated by the emotions.

If you'd just mate with the council's choice, you could go back to being quiet and withdrawn. You could completely hide your emotions again.

Liam would no longer be in danger from the mage. She had to and she would mate to protect Liam from the wrath of the mage, even if it meant never seeing Liam again.

"You're still here."

Regan's head jerked to the other side of the room and her heart raced as the deep baritone flowed over her body, flooding it with relief. "Liam," she breathed softly as she came to her feet, wanting to throw her arms around him as she met his dark eyes with a concerned expression. "Are you okay?"

He grinned at her reassuringly. "I'm fine, which is more than I can say for the fallen."

He was hiding something, forcing that smile. She had seen his various expressions for long enough to know when he was holding back the truth. "You had to kill?"

"You should go. Get some sleep," he yawned broadly, obviously trying to change the subject.

Regan's eyes shot to the clock. It was still several hours before he would be able to give himself up to day sleep. "Liam Hale, answer my question."

He sighed as he dropped the veil of pretense. "Yes. I had no choice. We were outnumbered. It was either dust a few fallen or watch my brothers get beheaded. It wasn't a difficult choice," he finished calmly.

She took his hand and tugged him toward the stairs. "Come to bed."

"Sweetheart, I would have killed to get that offer from you a few hundred years ago," he breathed softly in her wake, as she pulled him up the stairs.

Ignoring his innuendo she demanded quietly, "How many?"

"Three."

"Oh God, Liam. It's horrible if you have to dispose of one." She stopped beside the bed. "Undress."

Regan could see the signs of pain registering on his face and he didn't argue. He climbed into bed and pulled the covers up before he evaporated his jeans, t-shirt and every other article of clothing from his body.

Tears flowed freely from her eyes, knowing what was to come. How could she bear to see him suffer...again? And three times worse than she had ever seen it before. Regan took up her usual place on the floor beside his bed for her vigil, closing her eyes briefly to gear herself up for a tense few hours.

"Hey," Liam's husky voice sounded from the edge of the bed as his hand reached out to stroke her cheek softly. "Don't cry for me, Regan. I can take it. I'm used to it."

She didn't answer as she opened her eyes and the tears flowed faster. He might be resigned to what was to come, but Regan didn't think she could ever get used to watching Liam in pain.

"Go home. I want you to. I'll be fine tomorrow." His fingers wiped away her tears, but they continued to stream from her troubled blue eyes.

"No."

"Yes. Go now."

"Absolutely not"

"Stubborn." His voice was starting to slur and he pulled his hand back as he curled inward to absorb the pain.

Backlash!

It was already starting with a vengeance.

"With you...I have to be stubborn." Regan's chin came up and she ground her teeth as she stroked his wayward hair away from his face. She wasn't about to leave him when he needed her.

"Ah...fuck!" Liam shouted as he started to shiver and Regan flinched as his body buckled and thrashed.

Shit. She hated this. Regan had been through this numerous times before with Liam after he had needed to take the life of a fallen. He felt backlash pain every time he took a life. Any life. It didn't matter that he was ridding the world of evil. Backlash was guaranteed any time a vampire healer killed. And three? Dear God, it was painful enough when he had to extinguish one fallen. This was going to bad.

Really bad.

The intensity of the attack kept getting worse over the next ten minutes. Liam was incoherent and writhing on the bed. Regan knew the fact that he hadn't fed wasn't helping and she cursed his distain for feeding. Damn it. Why did he have to be so...so...moral? Any other time she might have laughed at the thought, but she wasn't rational when it came to Liam being in horrible pain.

Liam was usually coherent during backlash. Hurting, certainly, but nothing like this. He usually talked his way through it while she stayed beside his bed and tried to take his mind off of his discomfort until he could fall into the oblivion of day sleep.

I feel so damn powerless! And I'm a mage healer.

A mage healer. She was a mage healer, and although healing a vampire wasn't exactly her specialty, Regan wondered if one of her spells might work on him and help relieve some of his misery.

Regan tried to think rationally, her thoughts frantically going over various options. Maybe she could try something to throw him into his day sleep early...and he could drink from her. Her power was nothing compared to Liam's, but her blood was certainly stronger than a human's.

She didn't hesitate as she stood and pulled her pink tank top over her head and shoved her jeans down her legs. Kicking them off, she slid quickly into the bed beside Liam clad in only a delicate pink bra and panties. Body to body contact might help. She would use any advantage she could get from being close to him. She wasn't sure this would work on a vampire, but she needed her healing magic to connect with him.

Regan chanted the familiar spell without thinking about it as she scooted up against Liam's thrashing, groaning body. Oh God, please let this work. I can't stand to see him like this. Her heart was aching as she finished reciting the magical words of the spell, willing her strength and power into his body as she wiggled against him, her back to his front.

Yanking her hair aside, she reached behind her and pulled his face against her neck. "Bite me, Liam." Her command was firm and loud, hoping his instinct would take over. "Take my blood."

She closed her eyes, willing him to strike her neck. His body straightened as his arm encircled her waist and his lips nuzzled the vulnerable skin of her neck.

Yes. Take what you need. Bite. Please.

Regan nudged back and stretched her naked skin against his. She shivered as the light hair on his thighs and chest abraded her smooth skin. His body was blazing hot and now firm against hers, turning them both into a furnace. She pushed against him, willing him to take what she offered, begging him to take it. Cocking her head to one side to allow him better access, she pressed her hand more firmly to the back of his head.

"Regan," she heard his tortured groan as his tongue traced her vein before he sunk his fangs into her exposed skin.

The initial strike was painful and her body tensed with the shock, but the slow suck and draw lulled her into a place of pleasure that she had never experienced before. She squirmed against him and buried her fingers into his hair as she encouraged him to take whatever he needed from her.

She tried to concentrate on her magic, but the experience was so erotic and her body so heated that she wanted to reach her other hand into her panties and find release. Her body arched back into him and she released a hungry moan. "Liam," his name came out soft and breathy.

Regan swallowed a squeak of frustration as she felt him disconnect and close the tiny puncture wounds. His warm palm moved in a soothing, circular motion over her quivering belly as his tongue continued to lap at the punctures, laving over the tiny wound in sensual circles.

He finally buried his face in her hair at the side of her neck, panting wildly, "Did you know?" he asked her in a breathless, husky voice that was coherent but still filled with pain.

Confused but relieved that her idea had worked and he was talking, she replied, "Know what?"

"That we're mates."

His voice was demanding and she couldn't deny it. It wasn't a guess. Somehow, he knew the truth. "Yes," she admitted in a strangled voice, her body quivering.

His other arm came around her like a vise, locking her firmly against him. Her ass was pressed against something intrusive, large...and extremely hard.

Oh, holy shit! Regan knew exactly how he knew she was his mate. The evidence was pressed firmly against the cheeks of her ass.

The mystery was solved; the secret of releasing a healer's mating instincts was no longer an enigma.

"An intimate act with your chosen mate will release the mating instincts of the vampire healer..."

The act of intimacy was the taking of blood from their chosen mate. Was it always like that, or had it been so sensual only because she was his mate?

"Liam, I--"

Regan never got to finish her statement. Liam flipped her to face him and his mouth covered hers with a ravenous hunger and swiftness that took her breath away. Before she could blink, she was engaged in a kiss so hot that any thoughts that she had flew from her mind as his desire and her own completely consumed her.

*****

Chapter 3

Mine!

Liam's blood was pounding so hard through his body that all he could focus on was the roaring in his ears and the primal desire and possessiveness that swamped his entire being.

Regan. Soft. Feminine. Hot. His to possess, his to claim.

My mate!

There was no technique or skill involved as he claimed her mouth with his and forced his powerful thigh between her silky legs. Raw need raged through him as he ravaged her mouth, his hand behind her head to keep her lips accessible. His nostrils flared as he breathed in her feminine, light floral scent, a fragrance that made his already hard c**k twitch and his heart hammer.

He devoured her mouth like a starving man, his tongue marauding, conquering, sweeping the warm cavern, demanding her surrender. He growled in satisfaction as her arms crept around his neck and her tongue entangled with his, giving herself to him.

Not enough. Not nearly enough.

He barely gave them both a chance to breathe before he rolled her beneath him, desperate to stake his claim. Groaning with the satisfaction of having her pinned beneath him, he continued to own her lips and mouth, nibbling at her lips and then going back inside to insist she cede to his dominance.

His hands wandered over her body, over her hips, touching every bare inch that he could access. His mind was lost in his need to conquer this woman, make her his in every conceivable way.

His whirling brain tried to process the onset of a humming numbness that slowly crept over his body. Liam snarled, trying to fight the onset of day sleep.

No! Not now. He needed. Had to have...

"Liam?"

He registered Regan's soft, concerned voice as he rolled onto his back so that he wouldn't crush her.

Liam panted, trying to fight the urge to close his eyes, unable to process what was happening because of the unrelenting tug of day sleep.

Damn it. Not now.

But day sleep would wait for no vampire. It beckoned. He responded.

She knew. Regan betrayed me. She knew that she was my mate.

Liam could feel the backlash still beating at his vulnerable body. His mating instinct had taken over, covered the pain for a time, but now that he was being blanketed with the instinct to sleep...it tore through him again with a vengeance.

As the day sleep yanked him toward darkness, Liam's last conscious thought was that the backlash didn't hurt nearly as bad as the thought of Regan's betrayal and rejection.

His heart bled.

And then he slept.

*****

I stayed with Liam too long.

Regan felt panic rise in her body and adrenaline kick into high gear as she stuffed articles of clothing into her suitcase that sat open in a rocking chair beside her bed. It swayed erratically as she shoved each item into the growing pile. She didn't have any idea what she was packing, she simply opened drawers and threw things into the case until it was nearly too full to close.

She should have left Liam to his day sleep immediately after the success of her spell had thrown him into an early slumber and taken her ass straight home, but she hadn't been able to leave his side and had fallen asleep curled into his body, not waking until an hour ago.

Regan shot a nervous glance at her bedroom window and noticed that the sun was setting. She had to get away from here, as far away from Liam as she could possibly get before he woke. He would track her, find her, and she couldn't risk that.

Sitting on the suitcase to close it, she grasped the tab and zipped it closed. Screw it. If she didn't have everything she needed, she would buy it when she was away from Colorado, away from Liam.

Regan wanted to throw herself on the bed and weep, but she didn't have time to give in to the sorrow that was trying to devour her soul. To protect Liam, she had to leave and get herself so lost that she could never be found...by anyone.

Her only other option was to try to convince Liam to reject her, release her. It was an alternative mentioned in The Book Of The Vampire Healer, a choice given only to healers. Somehow, Regan highly doubted that Liam would agree. She knew him well enough to be fairly certain that he would see her as a new responsibility...and he would take it seriously, whether he wanted her as a mate or not. The threat of the league of mage assassins wouldn't even budge the judgment of her stubborn vampire. Actually, it would probably cement his decision, claiming that she needed protection.

Regan grunted as she hefted the heavy suitcase off of the chair and dropped it in an upright position. Her hands were trembling as she attached the pull strap to the case so that she could wheel it. The mage were strong, stronger than a humans, but the suitcase felt like it was filled with lead. Or maybe it was the fact that the task was abhorrent to her and it was her heart that felt like lead. The thought of never seeing Liam again was tearing her apart, but what other option did she have?

"Going somewhere?" The low, growling voice sliced through Regan like a knife and she spun around to see the object of her thoughts leaning against her bedroom door.

His stance was casual as he rested one shoulder against the door frame, but Regan could sense the tension in his hard, muscular body. Her mouth went dry and her whole body froze. Just this morning she had been pinned beneath that enormous, powerful body and kissed to the point of insanity by those perfect lips that were now forming a small, mocking smile.

"I-I-have to go out of town." Lame. Very lame. But it was the truth...sort of. She looked away, unable to meet his angry gaze. She licked her dry lips and stared at the cream colored wall off to his right. Be strong. Be strong. If he knows the truth he won't let you leave.

"And what might that truth be, mate of mine?" Liam snarled as he advanced into the room. "That I'm good enough to have as a friend, but not as a mate?"

Oh, shit. She had forgotten the mental telepathy between acknowledged mates. She shielded her thoughts, slamming a barrier down to contain her rampant emotions as she answered, "That's not true. Get out of my head, Liam. I don't appreciate having my thoughts read and analyzed by anyone but me." Her eyes shot to his face, furious at his invasion. Big. Mistake. Regan had never seen his face so intense, his eyes so stormy. Instinctively, she backed up as he slowly moved forward like a big cat stalking prey.

"Yes, obviously you don't want to share much of anything with a lowly vampire," Liam snarled back as he crowded her, his body stopping as he literally had her back up against the wall. "Sorry to disappoint you, but you aren't going anywhere." His index finger traced her lips and slowly glided down her neck, stroking the lines of her collar bone. "Discovering my mate has put me in desperate need of a f**k, and I plan on getting what I want."

Regan shivered as his tongue replaced his finger and he licked over the places his fingers had just traveled. His denim-clad thigh slid between hers and she was dizzy from his masculine scent that assaulted her senses. Even angry and uninformed, she wanted him. She should be feeling insulted by his blunt language and his I'm-taking-what-I-want attitude, but honestly, it heated her blood.

No. No. I can't give in to him. Remembering all of the reasons that she had to flee, Regan pushed hard against his chest. "Liam, stop."

It was like a insect swatting at an elephant. Liam grasped her wrists in one of his hands and trapped her hands over her head, leaving her helpless. Her lower body was ensnared by his strong thigh and she couldn't keep a moan from escaping as his mouth came down on hers, sweeping her into a dark tunnel of desire and need.

Buttons popped as he tore her blouse open while his lips and tongue continued a relentless, volatile assault, demanding her full surrender. He tasted fiercely male, untamed and wild, and Regan's response was unconditional. She needed this. Needed him. She met his marauding tongue with carnal thrusts of her own that had him groaning into the embrace.

He freed the front clasp of her bra and roamed her br**sts, cupping the flesh, teasing the sensitive ni**les until Regan could only arch into his hand, begging for more.

Liam ripped his mouth from hers and Regan wanted to weep from the loss. "How does it feel to be touched by the lower class, Regan? I wonder if you'll like getting down and dirty with a vampire instead of the sex with a polite blue blooded mage," Liam panted as he pulled the remnants of her shirt and bra from her body. Her wrists were captured again and placed firmly over her head, making her br**sts jut out from her body. He clasped her chin between his fingers of his other hand and forced her gaze to his. "There's nowhere to run. No place that I won't find you," he rasped harshly. "Did you really think that you could run away from me?" The question was rhetorical.

"Liam, I wasn't really running from you. I-"

"Save it! Right now I just want to f**k you. I'll have you screaming my name, begging for it, even if I'm not worthy of being your mate," he told her abruptly as he lowered his mouth to her beaded ni**les, nipping and laving them with tortuous, erotic strokes that melted her bones and soaked her panties.

Dear God, she had never seen Liam so fierce, so passionate, but it was her undoing. He was angry at what he believed was her rejection and she couldn't blame him, but maybe it was better if he continued to believe that. Maybe he'd eventually release her so that she could protect him.

Her body was burning with unsated lust and desire. His assault on her aching br**sts had her thrusting out her chest for harder contact and she ground her wet core against his thigh.

More. She needed more. "Liam, please." If he wanted a f**k, she'd give him one. If he didn't take her soon, she probably expire from need. She couldn't separate her needs from his, and she knew she was feeling them both, the force of them nearly leveling her.

He scooped her body up easily, but before she could even begin to enjoy being held against him...he dropped her onto the bed. She watched without shame as he pulled his t-shirt over his head and dropped it onto the floor before he joined her, covering her body with the weight and bulk of his own.

Regan sighed, welcoming his scorching hot body that blanketed her smaller form. She ran her hands over smooth skin and bulging muscle and raised her hips, feeling the steely bulge of c**k against denim. She rocked up again, begging for him.

Liam evaporated the rest of their clothes and she moaned as she felt his rock-hard shaft between her legs. She squirmed, trying to get it closer to her core and threaded her fingers through his hair.

"Don't. Touch." Liam grabbed her wrists again and stilled her roving hands above her head. "I don't want you to touch me. This is just about scratching an itch. Getting laid." He let go of her hands, but they remained stretched over her head and locked in place with magic. She yanked, but Liam's magic was powerful and her arms were completely immobile.

Regan recoiled, feeling like Liam had slapped her. She felt the tears form and willed them not to fall. She reminded herself that Liam believed that she had betrayed him, repudiated him, and she longed to tell him the truth, but she bit her lip and remained silent. She had to suck it up and take what Liam could give her right now. And she would. Because she loved him and she wanted this. If a casual screw was all she could have...she'd take it. Damn it, she wanted one time, one moment of intimacy, one experience of being the object of Liam's desire.

Regan bit back a groan as Liam's hot mouth trailed along the side of her neck and back to her br**sts. She thrashed her head as his fingers trailed over her stomach and crawled closer and closer to the place where she needed him the most. "Oh, God, Liam."

"Need something, Regan?" his husky voice asked, his question innocent, but his intent evident. He was going to make her pay.

Her legs slammed shut automatically just as he finally reached the soft curls between her thighs, but Liam parted them again easily and locked them into place just as he had her wrists above her head. Regan wanted to sob as he lightly stroked her wet slit, his fingers delving into her moist depths.

Fingers circled around her clit as his hot mouth devoured her ni**les, alternating between the two, bringing them to tight peaks. She moaned and strained against her invisible bonds, "Liam, please."

He removed his fingers from her shivering pu**y and positioned himself over her. His breath was hot and uneven against her ear and she trembled as he plunged his hands into her hair and rolled his hips, bringing his burgeoning c**k in contact with her swollen clit.

"Tell me what you want," Liam demanded in a voice that Regan had never heard from him before.

"You." She answered honestly, squinting in a room illuminated only by the moonlight now that complete darkness had fallen. She longed to see a look of desire, but she couldn't quite see his eyes. His face looked strained and at the moment she could feel the testosterone percolating in his body, seeping through his pores, and it made every inch of female in her body stand up and take notice. "Please."

"You want me to f**k you? Even though I'm a lowly vampire?"

"Yes. Yes," she whimpered, desperate for his possession. She was a female responding to her mate, and she needed him. Now. Badly.

"Then tell me," he growled. "Beg for it."

"Fuck me, Liam. Please." Regan lifted her hips as far as she could strain with the magic restricting the movement of her limbs.

"At least you want me now." With a carnal noise somewhere between a groan and a snarl, Liam positioned the blunt head of his member to her tight opening and buried himself deep inside of her, breaching her virginal sheath and forcing himself between her tight walls.

Oh, God. It hurt. It hurt really badly. Regan was caught between pain and the joy of being joined completely with Liam.

Liam's body froze as his c**k came to rest inside the hot, tight cavern, his balls resting against Regan's ass. "Virgin?" he rumbled.

Regan tried to relax her body, breathing through the pain that had become a dull ache. One sharp pain that had quickly receded. "Yes," she breathed softly in his ear, ruffling his hair as she breathed in and out again.

"I don't think I can stop," he rasped, his breathing ragged.

"Don't stop." He couldn't stop. Now that the pain was almost gone, she willed him to move, to quench the desire that roared through her body. She arched her back, letting the coarse hair on his chest abrade her ni**les and her hips undulate up into his groin. "Fuck me."

She felt her plea jolt his body into action as he pulled his c**k almost completely out of her and slowly sunk back in. "Fuck. You're so tight. So hot. Mine."

Yes. Yes. She was his. She had always been his. Regan longed to wrap her arms and legs around him to claim him. The soreness between her legs didn't dampen her desire for Liam to take her completely.

She felt the shift in the air the very moment he lost control and began a relentless rhythm that made her come apart and shatter. His hips hammered in and out of her slick, tight channel, opening her, asserting his dominance and she relished it.

"Mine. All mine. Never try to run from me. I'll find you. Never let you go." His fevered possessive words that he chanted mindlessly as he lost himself to passion made the storm of tears that Regan had been holding back flow down her face. "Need to see you come. Come for me." Liam reached between their bodies and stroked her clit as he kept slamming himself home in a frenzied joining.

"Bite me, Liam," she told him urgently, craving the additional intimacy.

His tongue licked over her vein in an erotic swirl that nearly put her over the edge before he obeyed her request and his fangs pierced her tender flesh. "Oh, God, yes," she hissed as the same hot, erotic pulse stole over her body as he sucked her life blood and pounded into her body with equal force.

He pulled his finger from her clit and thrust both of his big hands underneath her ass as her body began to spasm and she screamed his name. He buried himself deep inside of her and Regan could feel him trembling as he released, grinding his groin against her center, bringing them tightly together.

Regan's heart was still stuttering from her incredible climax as Liam closed the tiny pinpricks at her neck and rolled onto his back.

"Could....could you release me please?" Regan requested breathlessly.

Her limbs jerked loose abruptly. She closed her legs and brought her arms down, her muscles quivering from the strain and the aftermath of the volatile climax. Wanting to cover herself now that embarrassment was creeping in, she started to roll from the bed, but Liam grabbed her upper arm, bringing her back to lay on her side facing him.

"What's this?" he asked quietly as he stroked her mangled hip.

"Nothing." Regan knew it was a stupid thing to say, but she wasn't sure how to respond. Liam knew exactly what it was and he could see it very clearly in the dark.

Her hands shook at the memory as she tried to bat his fingers away.

His fingers did move, but only so that he could place them at her temple. It took her a few moments to understand what was happening, but by the time she comprehended his intentions....it was too late. She cursed her stupidity as she tried to pull away.

Liam had accessed her memories and she was completely exposed.

*****

Chapter 4

It only took Liam a second or two to find the memory of the branding on Regan's hip, but he knew instantly that it was a nightmare vision that would haunt him forever.

Regan naked with his marking completely exposed on her hip. Regan fighting...but losing the battle. Several mage males and one female holding her down on the floor, her hip exposed. The sizzling brand being held to her hip. Burning flesh. A pained scream. Threats.

Liam flinched and pulled his hand away from her temple, unable to continue seeing Regan's pain. Coward. She lived it. But he couldn't watch it anymore.

A red haze formed over his vision and his body tensed as he clenched and unclenched his fists to try to gain control of his fury. "They hurt you. Threatened you."

"Yes." Her voice was barely audible.

"I hurt you," he choked out, his anger and rage barely contained.

There was a slight hesitation before she confirmed. "Yes." Liam heard her suck in a breath before continuing, "But Liam-"

"I couldn't even watch the whole thing," he admitted harshly as his finger stroked over the brand covering his mark.

Mage. One word. One ugly brand covering his entire mark until only a few traces of his colorful marking remained around the very edges of the scarred flesh at her hip.

Dear God, what had he done? Rolling to his back, Liam struggled to find the words to express himself, but his emotions were tempestuous and he couldn't clear the red fog that threatened his sanity.

Beads of sweat trickled from his forehead, soaking Regan's pristine pillow.

Kill. Kill.

The word pounded through his head like a jackhammer, and all Liam wanted was the necks of every person who had harmed his mate.

"Liam, I have to answer the door. It might be someone who needs a healing." The feminine voice seemed to filter to him through a long tunnel, the voice of his mate.

No. Protect. Protect. Kill.

He rolled over to keep Regan on the bed, keep her close, protect her from any harm.

He landed on his stomach with only a comforter beneath him.

Regan was gone.

*****

Regan cinched the heavy cotton robe around her waist with shaky fingers. Liam was scaring her. She wasn't afraid of him, she was frightened for him. He wasn't really hearing her or acknowledging her. Had her mangled hip freaked him out so badly that he wasn't responding? It was ugly, but was it really that bad? Or had it been his glimpse of her memories that had him stunned?

She slipped the chain lock and took a deep breath, hoping that it wasn't a healing request. She really couldn't leave Liam. Another healer would have to be called immediately.

A mage male, probably in his early thirties, came into view as she swung the door open. Recognizing the magic but not the face, she inquired politely, "Can I help you?"

He would probably be considered handsome in mage circles. His light blonde hair was cut in a neat, attractive style and he had aristocratic features with high cheekbones and a sculptured nose and mouth. Probably a little over six foot and lean, he had the usual mage build. He wasn't smiling, but then, the mage rarely smiled.

"Regan Taylor?" His voice wasn't a low, pleasing baritone. It was a tenor with a rather impatient tone.

"Yes."

"I'm actually here to help you. I'm Tom Spencer, the council's choice for your mate." He smirked at her as he strolled into her home without waiting for an invitation.

He was coarse, base and she disliked him immediately. A cold chill was running up her spine as she answered sarcastically, "I'm not ready to receive guests at the moment, as you can see. Perhaps we can meet at another location and time." Or not! Definitely...not!

He closed the door and turned to face her, backing her up against the wall as she tried to move away from him. "Right now is good for me. What you have on is also good for me. I want to inspect the merchandise before I buy," he stated arrogantly, as he reached for the tie to her bathrobe.

She nearly gagged as she got a whiff of hard alcohol and pungent aftershave. Ewww... "Get the hell away from me." Regan was pissed off now and pushed him hard enough to move sideways and away from his wandering hands. How dare he come into her home and treat her like a object to be bought and inspected?

"Heard you were a vampire whore, but that can be overlooked, as long as you come from the Taylor line. You're attractive enough and probably could be adequate in bed with some training," he told her flatly, moving closer as she backed into her living room to get away from him.

Regan froze, taken aback by his blunt words. Of course he didn't care, as long as they produced a good lineage. She was a Taylor, he was a Spencer. Two prominent families that were both direct descendants of mage royalty. No matter that neither of those so-called aristocratic families had two pennies to rub together; they would make blue blooded babies.

Her stomach rolling in disgust, Regan put out an urgent calling spell to her sister, hoping Sasha would bring Nathan along with her. She was going to need help getting this repugnant, vile male mage out of her house. For some unknown reason, he already thought he owned her, and he obviously wasn't leaving by request. Tom was older and male, but Regan would be damned if the vile creature would be disrobing her for inspection. She'd already gone through that at the hands of the council. No way was some beady-eyed, drunk, male mage pawing her like she was property and nothing more.

Her ass hit the couch and she groped wildly to come up with something, anything to bash him on the head hard enough to stop his progress. Her hand came up with a flower pot of artificial stone. Not as heavy as she would have liked but...

The flower pot stopped in mid-swing as a low, menacing growl came from the other side of the room. Regan's head jerked to the bedroom door to see Liam, dressed in a black t-shirt and jeans, his eyes red, his face nearly unrecognizable, and completely ready to go in for the kill.

"Liam?" Please hear me. Don't kill the revolting mage. He's not worth the backlash.

The carnality of the noise rose to a menacing snarl and Regan reacted. She swung the pot with all of her strength against the head of the unsuspecting Tom Spencer, and it was hard enough to knock him from his feet. As he sprawled to the floor, Regan threw herself over Tom as she pleaded, screaming, "No, Liam. Don't do it. He's not worth it."

Her fingernails dug into the leather of Tom's jacket as Liam sprung, trying to yank her from Tom's body as he growled, "Kill. Protect."

Just as she was about to give way, the pressure released and she heard several voices screaming curses. She couldn't decipher exactly what voices were hurling what violent oaths, but she relaxed slightly as she recognized Nathan.

Stumbling to her feet, Regan quickly took in six additional bodies, three male, three female, in her small living room. Nathan, Ethan and Rory had a hold on Liam, while Brianna, Callie and Sasha looked on in horror as Liam suddenly broke his brothers' holds and rushed for Tom.

"Jesus Christ! He's like a vampire on steroids." Nathan grunted as he tried and failed to hold Liam again with the help of his brothers.

Regan's living room was utter and complete chaos as the brothers struggled, trying to keep Liam from getting in any more hits on Tom, who was still sprawled on the carpet in shock.

Regan lunged toward Tom, ready to throw herself on top of him again, but Sasha, Brianna and Callie held her back, away from the flying limbs of the and thrashing bodies of the Hale brothers.

"He can't kill him. He can't kill him." Regan tugged, trying desperately to break free, but her sister held her back, grasping her tightly around the waist to keep her from running forward.

"Stop, Regan," Sasha told her in her severe, big sister voice. "Let the guys handle this."

It really didn't look like the guys were handling anything. Fists were flying and Liam was coming out on top, repeatedly making his way back to Tom in his furious attempt to snuff out his life.

"ENOUGH!"

The whole room rocked from the booming order and everybody stopped whatever they were doing, including Regan. She tried to move, but she was locked into place, frozen, unable to even twitch her little finger.

Holy hell. What now?

If she could have moved, she would have instinctively stepped back from the form that suddenly appeared in her line of vision, a man who meant business and radiated power that pulsed through the entire room. Shit. He was massive. Strangely enough, he moved his hugely muscled body with the grace of a dancer, strolling casually over to Liam and placing his hand on Liam's shoulder. "Time for you to cool off, my friend," the voice was still powerful, but Regan swore she heard a twinge of empathy in the statement.

Liam vanished without another word, leaving the man to lower his arm. "I believe it's safe now. You will all stay calm."

"Where's Liam?" Regan demanded the moment she could speak again. "What have you done?"

She stepped in front of the strange male, craning her neck to see his face. His expression was as hard as stone. He didn't look any older than his mid-thirties, but his eyes gave away the fact that he was ancient. They spoke of knowledge, infinite knowledge and endless wisdom. Definitely vampire, with his signature brown eyes and dark hair that was cut almost military short, making his sharp features appear even more severe than they already were.

The black jeans that molded to his lower body, the black steel-toe biker boots and a black t-shirt just added to his menacing demeanor, but Regan scowled up at him, determined to find Liam.

The big mans lips twitched slightly as he answered, "Your mate is safe, some place that he can't hurt himself or anyone else."

"I want to see him," she demanded, frantic to find out if Liam was really okay. He hadn't exactly looked normal, sane or safe for that matter. "And who in the hell are you? And why did you move him?"

His lips twitched again as he stared down at her from his elevated height. "So demanding, little one? I will eventually take you to Liam, if you still want to see him. He isn't exactly-" he hesitated before adding, "himself right now." He placed his beefy hand on her shoulder and Regan felt an instant calming sensation. Her pulse slowed and her body relaxed as he continued. "I am known as Daric, Prince Of The Vampire Healers. I was your mate's mentor and teacher in his youth."

Nathan, Ethan and Rory instantly dropped to one knee and bowed their heads as they all uttered in unison, "Your Highness."

"Oh, for God's sake, get up." Daric's booming voice rose as he removed his hand from Regan's shoulder and motioned for the brothers to rise. "I'm not into all that royalty gibberish. You are all fierce warriors and don't need to kneel for anyone. Call me Daric."

Regan nearly smiled. Daric actually looked embarrassed.

"With all due respect, Daric, where is my brother?" Nathan asked as he rose to his feet, Rory and Ethan rising at almost the same time. "And how in the hell did he get that strong?"

"Why are you calling Regan his mate?" Rory inquired in a confused voice.

"She's my intended mate," Tom squawked from his seated position on the floor, finally finding his voice.

"You.." Daric's eyes were intense as he glared at Tom, "are leaving." Daric flipped his hand as though he was batting away a fly and Tom disappeared.

Regan didn't bother to ask where Tom had been sent. She really didn't care. Even for a mage...he was disgusting.

Daric walked slowly towards the Hale brothers, his hands clasped behind his back. "To answer Nathan's question, Liam has always been strong, but his power is usually put into his healing."

"I've never seen him....like that," Rory gulped as he tried to comprehend the fact that Liam had an enormous amount of power. "He's my twin. I should have known."

Daric stopped in front of the three brothers as he remarked, "There are a lot of things that you all should have known, but Liam thought it was in your best interests to remain ignorant of some of the facts of his life." He looked at each brother as he added, "I disagree. I think being informed is the best protection for all of you." He waved his hand in the air, "Watch and learn."

Regan's eyes were riveted to the images that sprang forth. It was almost like watching a big screen television suspended in the air.

Liam's life rolled by, scene after scene, while seven pairs of eyes stayed glued to the images, with gaping expressions on all seven faces.

Daric had to explain some of the scenes as they played, but Regan knew about most of them and some, like the backlash experiences, she had actually witnessed up close and personal.

Good or bad, Liam's secrets were being revealed.

Chapter 5

The screen disappeared as the last episode of backlash flashed away. Daric eyed Rory as he asked quietly, "Not the grand life that you imagined your twin had, is it?"

Rory shook his head, his expression wistful, "I always thought he was the lucky one. Now I realize he wasn't." Rory sighed as he continued, "I always imagined he went away to a grand adventure when he was gone for long periods of time when we were young. I was jealous."

"In reality, he went away for weeks at a time for healer training. It's not a grand adventure. It's hell. You've seen some of it," Daric replied.

"Yeah...I guess I was really the lucky one. I had a childhood. I had friends. And I had Ethan and Nathan."

"Being a healer is a load of responsibility at a very young age and it's a lonely life. There is nothing grand about it," Daric remarked gravely.

"I still don't understand why he didn't tell us about the backlash," Nathan muttered, obviously irritated.

"Because he feared that if you knew that he would pay with pain for killing a fallen, you wouldn't call him when you were in trouble. He didn't want to take the risk of losing one of his brothers," Daric commented quietly. "He was protecting you all in his own way. He never wanted anyone to know about his pain."

Regan squirmed, feeling guilty that she did know, but kept Liam's secret.

"Don't," Daric said sternly as he gave her an understanding look. "You're a good mate and kept Liam's secrets as he requested. You honor him." He crossed his arms over his massive chest. "I, however, am a prince of my people. I have no such qualms about blurting out his life story if I think it's for his benefit."

"Liam's found his mate. He'll get his soul and a partner. He won't be lonely anymore," Callie exclaimed in wonder. Callie and Brianna were both grinning, but Sasha's expression was cautious and subdued.

"Liam has a soul. Mating is different for a healer. It's a blood bond." Regan murmured absently, knowing that Liam could never truly be her mate.

The room erupted with chatter, questions all being asked at the same time. Daric held up his hand and the room quieted, allowing him to explain the basic mating rules of the healer.

"Holy shit!" Rory exclaimed loudly as Daric finished. "So it really is a miracle that Liam and Regan found each other."

"Liam found his mate because it was meant to be," Daric answered with a shrug of his mammoth shoulders. "He's the first deserving healer in a very long time. He put his people first and served long and tirelessly. He deserves his mate." He shot Regan a stern, knowing glance as he finished.

She fidgeted nervously, her voice nearly inaudible as she admitted, "I can't mate with him. The league of mage assassins will kill him if I do."

"That's bullshit. Liam needs his mate. You can't just abandon him," Nathan snarled. "It's not like we can't protect you."

"Quiet!" Daric shouted abruptly. "Don't judge her." He gave Nathan a sharp glance as he waved his hand. "Watch."

The big screen television returned, but this time the image was of the incident that Regan had gone through with the council. Daric concealed her nudity, but he didn't tone down the violence of the attack and subsequent painful branding.

Regan turned her head, trying to block the images and stay deaf to her own tortured screams. She rubbed her hip, still feeling the burn, still smelling the burned flesh. "Please, Daric. Stop," she choked out as she turned pleading eyes to the prince.

The images immediately disappeared, but six sets of eyes watched her.

"Where was Regan's protection during that episode?" Daric asked sarcastically as he turned his gaze to Nathan. He sighed loudly as he shook his head. "You are a brave warrior, Nathan, but your temper and rush to judge can sometimes cloud your common sense. Had you planned better the other night and not rushed in to eradicate the mass of fallen while being led by anger, Liam probably wouldn't have needed to kill. You're smart, but rash when it comes to killing the fallen."

"But-" Sasha rushed to defend her mate.

"No, Sasha. He's right," Nathan said grimly. "My hatred of the fallen consumes me at times. I need to get control of it. I can dust the bastards without being stupid. I should have planned better. I should never let my anger and resentment consume me to the point where I put any of my brothers at risk. It won't happen again."

Daric's mouth turned up slightly in an approving smile. "Well said, warrior. You have reason for your hatred, but let common sense be your guide and you will get the best revenge."

"I'm so sorry, Regan. Sorry we weren't there for you. If I had known, we all would have protected you. I understand you were just trying to protect Liam and I'm sorry we couldn't keep you from suffering." Nathan spoke quietly. "Will you mate with him?"

"I don't know," Regan answered honestly. "I love him. I want to. But I'm afraid of the council's revenge. I couldn't live with myself if anything happened to Liam."

"Why didn't the league of assassins come after me when I mated with Sasha?" Nathan asked curiously.

"I don't know."

"I do," Daric answered. "Regan is a possible weapon against the mage. They need to keep her in the mage circle. For her, the council is willing to risk the wrath of the vampire by sending in the league of assassins."

"What do you mean?" Regan answered with a perplexed expression.

"If you had looked very closely at your mating mark before it was defiled, you would have noticed a very tiny sword being carried in the claws of the dragon. That sword is a sign of a protector, a very rare mating mark for a vampire. It means if the mating is ever completed, the female mate will become a protector of the vampire, able to protect the vampire against harm from her people. You, my dear Regan, will always have the power to protect yourself or any of your vampire kin against the mage." Daric finished and laid his hands on Regan's shoulders in a gesture of comfort.

"How?" Regan questioned, shocked by Daric's incredible revelation.

"You will be able to spell the jewelry you make with a spell of protection after your mating. Mating will release your power as a protector."

"Oh, God. I can protect Liam. And Nathan. And...everybody," she sputtered wildly, hardly daring to believe it was true.

"Yes. You can truly make your choice without any other influence," Daric smiled down at her like he was speaking to a treasured child.

"I choose Liam," she exclaimed excitedly. "I'm just not sure he will want to choose me," she muttered in a more restrained tone. "He still has the option of rejecting me."

Daric's eyebrows rose almost to his hairline as he said wryly, "I don't think that will be a problem. He's in such a desperate state right now because he cares too much. However, it might be hard to convince him, but now that you've made your choice, I hope that you can. He's past the point of no return, Regan. You need to reach him or he will not survive."

Regan's heart stuttered and she could feel the palpitations begin as her gaze shot to Daric's sad eyes, "What do you mean when you say he won't survive?" she asked breathlessly.

"If he can't reject you, which I already know he can't, and if you don't mate within the next few days, he will die. Liam needs to either mate or reject. He can't reject you because he wants you. On the other hand, he thinks he has done you unforgivable harm and doesn't want you to take him as a mate out of pity. It will take some convincing."

Regan felt fear wrap its icy hands around her heart, but she shoved it away. Failure was not an option. "I don't know all of the details for the mating," she gave Daric a pleading look.

"And I will be glad to explain," he told her patiently. "In private," he added, giving everyone else in the room a get-lost-now look that no one would dare to ignore.

Regan hugged everyone quickly, giving her sister Sasha a extra squeeze. "Don't let him go until he does the deed," Sasha whispered urgently in her ear before she and Nathan transported away, followed by Ethan and Brianna.

"Tell him I'm sorry. Tell him...I love him. Please don't let him die," Rory said in a low, graveled voice filled with remorse as he hugged her tightly.

Regan pulled back and looked into the face that looked so much like Liam's as she answered, "I will. But he knows, Rory. And he loves you. More than you know." In a stronger voice she added, "You can tell him yourself later. That stubborn vampire is going to be mine. Lord help him."

Rory gave her a ghost of a smile as Callie wrapped her arms around him and they faded away.

Regan took a deep breath and turned to Daric. His face was solemn as he looked down at her and put his hand lightly on her hip. Slightly confused by his action, she started to pull away as she felt a mild burning sensation under his fingers. "You're fixing my mark." Understanding dawned and her face lit up as he pulled his hand away.

"It's already fixed," Daric corrected her arrogantly.

"Thank you, Daric. Thank you. I hated the brand. I missed Liam's mark so much." In her excitement, Regan jumped up and threw her arms around his thick neck in gratitude, and planted a loud, smacking kiss to his cheek.

He patted her back gently and Regan could have sworn she saw a slight blush as she pulled away from him. The big guy wasn't such a hard ass after all. "You care about Liam."

Daric shrugged. "I wouldn't be getting involved if I didn't care about the outcome. I don't want him to f**k this up. No vampire healer has gotten this opportunity in the last thousand years."

"You're not mated?"

"No."

Regan sensed that there was more that Daric could add, but she didn't push. "So, tell me what I need to know."

"It's getting close to sunrise, so I will go over it with you quickly. I will take you to him at sunset. Until then, I will make sure you are guarded from the mage," he informed her, his expression and tone telling her not to argue. "This won't be an easy task for you, little one. Liam can be stubborn when it comes to doing the right thing, even if it brings harm or death to him."

Regan didn't need easy, she just needed Liam. "Tell me something I don't know. Believe me, I've dealt with his stubborn butt many times and I can be just as cranky as he can. I'm ready."

Daric cocked his head and he gave her a mysterious smile as he answered, "Yes, I believe you are."

By the time the sun began to rise over the mountains, Daric was gone and Regan was armed and ready with information.

She crawled into her bed and breathed in the residual scent of Liam with a small, happy smile before she fell into an uninterrupted slumber.

Chapter 6

Liam's eyes popped open the minute the sun descended behind the surrounding mountains, surprised to find himself in his own bed.

Trapped. Can't get out. Can't kill the mage who tried to harm my mate.

Recognition dawned and Liam remembered the entire incident clearly, remembered his mate throwing herself over the mage to protect.

Daric had confined him to his own bedroom, in his own house. Liam sat back against the headboard. He was still seeing red...literally.

"Good. You're awake," Liam's angry eyes looked up at Daric as he strolled into the room, wanting to kill him for confining him.

"Lift the confinement," Liam demanded, fists clenched and body tense.

"After the mating, my friend."

"There will be no mating. Regan will never accept me now and she's been through more than she should have to bear. I practically raped her. She went through hell just because she wears my mark and wanted to protect me. She threw herself on top of the mage to protect him from me while I was in a mating rage. I'm nothing more than an animal to her." Liam's voice shook with anger and resentment.

Liam had no more finished his statement when a large crack rang through the air and his head jerked sideways from a powerful blow. What the hell? He rubbed his hand over the side of his face, wincing as he poked at his jaw.

Eyes wide, Liam jerked his head up to his prince, stating with fascinated surprise, "You just bitch slapped me." Daric had always been a stern but wise teacher, but he had never resorted to violence.

"Boy, I'll bitch slap you into next week if you don't change your attitude. Now!" Daric thundered as he towered over Liam with a scowl. "Regan jumped on that slimy mage to keep you from killing him, but not for his benefit. She didn't want you to suffer the backlash."

"No, Liam. He's not worth it."

Liam heard her cry clearly, as if she were standing right next to him. Was it possible that she had been protecting him? He shook his head in denial as he replied flatly, "There's no way she could forgive me. I hurt her. She told me. Hell...I can't even forgive myself. And the torture she went through at the hands of the mage because she wore my mark-"

"She wants to be your mate," Daric interrupted, crossing his arms over his chest. "You will mate."

"No." Liam crossed his arms and glared at Daric. "She hates me. It would make her miserable. It would be better if I were removed from her life permanently."

"Then refuse her."

"I can't." Oh, hell no. Liam loved and wanted Regan so much that he could never force the words from his mouth that would release her. It wasn't physically possible. He could only refuse her if he truly didn't want her.

"You'll die."

"I don't care. That way her problem would be solved."

"Gah...I give up. Stubborn idiot vampire healer," Daric threw his hands in the air and stalked out of the room, easily able to breach the invisible barrier that held Liam prisoner. Of course...Daric had created it - no surprise that he could walk right through his own magic.

Liam flopped back against the pillows, waiting for the inevitable. There was no way he was going to tie Regan to him and he couldn't refuse her. His fate was sealed. Now all he had to do was wait.

*****

"Liam?"

The soft, gentle voice of his mate surprised Liam enough for him to quickly glance toward the entrance of his bedroom...a move that he instantly regretted. Vampire healer matings did not require witnesses and he understood why as soon he looked at Regan. He would kill any male that looked at his mate in the silvery silk gown that she was wearing. It hugged her body, hiding nothing as she walked slowly toward the bed. Slithering over her body like a second skin, the light silk outlined every incredible inch of her feminine form.

Take. Possess. Mine.

Fuck! Liam jerked his head away. He should demand that she leave, but he deserved the torture after the way he had treated Regan and the pain that she had gone through on his behalf. He would give her a chance to berate him if she needed it. He'd always give her anything she needed.

"Look at me, Liam. Please," her request was compelling, but he wasn't sure that he could look at her and not jump her like a rampant wild animal. It was difficult enough to just be in the same room, hearing her voice.

"I can't, Regan. I'll want to touch you." Yeah, like he didn't want that already?

He felt the bed dip slightly as she replied, "I think it will be difficult to mate if you don't touch me, Liam."

"No mating." Liam clenched his jaw and tightened his fists. "I would think your first experience would have been enough to convince you that you don't want me for a mate."

"My only regret is that I couldn't touch you that time. I want to do that now. Can I touch you, Liam?" Her wistful voice socked Liam in the gut. His mouth as dry as a desert, he couldn't have answered, even if he knew what to say.

Regan was already in the bed and moving slowly toward him. Her tiny hand slid to his bicep and stroked lightly, caressing up and down his tense muscles before moving hesitantly toward his chest.

Oh, Fuck. Just shoot me now and get it over with!

As Regan's hand got bolder and her nails lightly trailed through the dusting of hair on his chest, Liam decided right then and there that he would rather deal with the backlash of killing a dozen fallen than with the light caresses and incredible scent of this one tiny woman.

He probably wouldn't have to wait to die of the unresolved mating conflict wearing on his body slowly until he expired...because Regan, ah Regan...Liam swore she was slowly edging him toward death by heart attack, and if she didn't take that hot little hand from his body soon, he'd be dead in the next few minutes.

*****

"You're so hard everywhere," Regan whispered as her hand slowly trailed over the broad planes of Liam's chest. Every place she touched was firm, solidly muscled. His body fascinated her and she delighted in the feel of warm skin over tight muscle. She was a healer and had seen male bodies with little or no clothing, but she had never seen a male like Liam.

"Yeah. Hard. Everywhere," Liam strangled a reply, sounding like he was in severe pain.

Regan had to bite her lip to keep from smiling. She knew she was tweaking the tail of the beast. She was no siren or seductress, but she must be doing something right. There was a large tent underneath the sheet and comforter. Extremely large. Pulling the covers back with her other hand, she continued her exploration down his ripped abdomen, following the path of dark hair past his navel.

"Oh, God...no wonder it hurt," Regan blurted out before she could stop herself. His c**k had been unveiled and was standing at full attention. Swollen and erect, the phallus looked like a lethal weapon and she couldn't stop herself from curling her hand around the shaft and noticing that her fingers didn't even meet.

Velvet over steel. Her fingers moved over the bulging veins and reverently stroked the soft skin of the rock-hard member.

Liam's hips surged upward as she touched the leaking mushroom-shaped head, spreading the moisture over the tip. Regan licked her dry lips, longing to find out how he tasted.

Images flitted through her mind, pictures of her taking him between her lips and sucking, stroking him with her tongue. Regan was startled when she realized that they weren't her thoughts, her ideas. Liam's thoughts, that he had previously been blocking, were bursting into her brain while he was struggling to maintain control.

She mimicked the mental visions and lowered her head, licking the salty, masculine-tasting tip before taking him between her lips.

Liam released a feral groan before sinking his hands into her hair and guiding her head so that her mouth moved up and down on his shaft. He pumped his hips up and moved her head down as she swallowed more and more of his c**k as his movements became more furious. She lightly fingered his balls as she pressed her tongue tightly against his thrusting cock.

"I can't last. Have to come." Liam cried desperately as his hands tried to guide her head away from his pulsating shaft.

His thoughts didn't show her moving. She saw herself swallowing every drop. She wanted every drop. Just as he started to release, Regan took as much of his massive c**k as she could and let the hot fluid flow into her throat, keeping him trapped in the moist, hot cavern of her mouth.

"Oh, f**k!" Liam bucked up and grasped her head holding her mouth to him as he thrashed in the grips of a powerful orgasm.

Regan's heart hammered and her womb clenched as she tasted every drop, licking the warm fluid from his twitching member. He tasted so good, so very good, and her body was tingling with sensual delight as his body relaxed.

Regan's body was burning with the need for Liam to possess her as she shimmied up beside him. "Mate with me, Liam."

"You need to leave, Regan. Now!" Liam's voice was ragged and hoarse, as though he were fighting for control.

She turned on her back, ready to wait as long as she needed for him to change his mind. "I'm not leaving this room until we're mated or you reject me. Maybe I'm not exactly the woman you wanted, but I would like to think that being with me is a better alternative than death," she huffed, trying not to be hurt by Liam's reluctant attitude.

Actually, she had very little time to think about anything at all. Liam was on her, over her, before she could really process her emotions. He threw one strong thigh over her legs and his torso and chest came down roughly over hers, leaving her only enough space to breath. With an elbow and arm on each side of her head, he effectively pinned her to the bed, his face only inches from hers.

His eyes were wild, his lips frowning and Regan swore she could feel his thundering heartbeat over her br**sts, his breathing erratic, as though he were hungry for oxygen. "Do you want to experience the same thing you had last night, Regan? Do you want to be taken by a man who can't control his obsession for you, because I guarantee it won't be much different today than it was yesterday."

She blinked up at him in wide-eyed fascination, her pu**y flooding as she watched his struggle, his desperation for her. It was the hottest thing she had ever seen in her life and being the object of his desire was intoxicating. "Yes, please," she squeaked.

His animalistic gaze met hers and Regan could see the muscles in his jaw twitching as he growled, "This is not a joke. I basically raped you yesterday, took your virginity without any care. I want you with the same intensity today as I did yesterday. Or maybe even worse. I want to dominate and f**k you until you are so sated and weak that you can't move from this bed. And then I'll want to do it all over again."

Regan struggled to maneuver her arm inside of his prison so that she could lay her hand on his rough cheek. His whole body was seething and trembling, a cauldron of testosterone gone wild. "First of all, you didn't rape me, Liam. I wanted what happened. If I didn't, I could have easily put out a call for Sasha just like I did when Tom acted like an ass. It wasn't as if I was helpless."

His smoldering stare met hers and Regan saw a flicker of rational thought as he rasped, "Why didn't you?"

"I just told you, I wanted it. You going all caveman on me was like my most fantastic wet dream or fantasy," she told him honestly. "Just because you haven't felt sexual desire for me until now doesn't mean I haven't felt it for you. I have."

His expression was startled as he questioned softly, "You have?"

"Oh yeah, vampire. I touch myself thinking about you having your way with me," she told him bluntly as she traced the outline of his lips with her index finger. "I've never really wanted a man so desperately until I met you. I love you, Liam. I probably have for some time, even when I thought it was hopeless."

Liam broke her gaze and rested his forehead against her shoulder, his big body shaking as he answered, "This is a lifetime decision, Regan, and it will probably be eternal since you will be bonded to me. Are you sure you really want me for a mate? Don't do this if you don't. I couldn't bear it if you ended up resenting me or hating me."

"You're everything I've ever wanted, Liam." Regan's tone was melancholy as she fondled his hair thoughtfully. "I just hope you never regret it."

Liam's head came up and he speared her with a look so intense, so dark, that Regan's jaw dropped.

"I would never regret having you," his angry voice rumbled. "I love you with every beat of my heart, every breath. Do you think I could ever consider myself anything other than a lucky bastard if I had you for a mate, if you could forgive me for what happened to you and the things I said last night?"

He loves me. He loves me.

Regan's racing heart nearly jumped from her chest at his declaration. Liam's mouth crashed down to hers, sweeping her into a kiss of pure possession and raw need. She moaned into the embrace as his tongue devoured and conquered, demanding that she submit to him. Regan toppled and became pliant under him, relishing his power and desire.

Liam broke off the scorching embrace with a grunt and sat her up to lift off her silky gown, and toss it away. "Mine," he insisted with carnal ownership.

Regan shivered at her fierce, primitive response to his possessiveness. The response of a mate to her partner's dominance. "Yes," she agreed softly, her whole body quivering for him to take her. Laying back against the pillow, Regan sent him a come-take-me look as his eyes met hers and his hands wandered over her body, his fingers zeroing in on his mark.

"My mark," he said, his tone touched with awe as he stroked the colorful pattern of the dragon.

"Daric fixed it. Isn't he awesome?" she breathed softly.

"No. He is not awesome. Not to you. He is a good prince. I am the only man who you think is awesome," he replied, his voice demanding and guttural.

Caveman. Liam had definitely gone caveman. Regan bit her lip as desire fired through her body and shot straight to her pu**y. "I need you, Liam," she panted as his hand moved up her inner thigh, stroking the soft, sensitive skin.

"I need to taste you first. The scent of your arousal is driving me mad," he told her urgently as he spread her legs wide, leaving her pu**y exposed and vulnerable to him.

Regan squirmed, her body burning with need. Dear God, she needed the feel of him between her thighs before she incinerated.

His fingers trailed over her hips as his head lowered, his hot breath streaming over the tiny blonde curls of her mound. Regan clenched her fists at her side, willing him to stroke her core, to ease the driving ache that was tearing her apart.

She whimpered at the first touch of his tongue against her slippery slit. He lapped gently, laving her from bottom to top, sipping her juices like nectar.

Not enough. Not enough.

Out of her mind with the need to climax, Regan finally gasped his head and pulled it tight against her pu**y, grinding her hips against his mouth.

Liam retaliated immediately, throwing her hands above her head and locking them in place with fur-lined shackles that bound her magically to the headboard of the massive bed. She yanked and groaned in protest as he murmured, "I want to enjoy my feast. I will satisfy you, mate."

Now. Now. I need it now.

Regan panted as Liam thoroughly explored her, running his tongue over every inch of her quivering, pink flesh. He circled her swollen bud until Regan was ready to scream in frustration. Her hips rose, undulating, begging for relief.

"Mine," Liam muttered, vibrating her clit as his mouth closed over her and his teeth nipped lightly.

"Oh, God. Liam, please." Regan's head thrashed and she jerked at her wrist restraints.

His hands slid effortlessly beneath her and gripped her ass, bringing her begging core against his face as he flicked his tongue along her exposed clit. Harder and harder. Faster and faster.

Regan cried out, the pleasure almost unbearable. She gripped the restraints and dug her nails into the chain, needing something to ground her, to keep her from flying apart.

Her belly clenched as the spasms struck her hard and fast. Her channel contracted and released as fresh juices flowed with her stunning climax. Liam's mouth closed over her, licking leisurely as she spiraled down from her ecstasy.

"I'm not completely sure I know the precise mating procedure," Liam whispered, his voice hoarse, as he spread open-mouthed kisses along her thighs.

"Just join our marks and speak the mating pledge. Daric said you would know instinctively," Regan replied breathlessly, her legs trembling from both his touch and the aftermath of her orgasm.

He rose to his knees between her legs, lightly tracing the mark on her hip. "Beautiful. So beautiful on you, Regan," he choked out in a raw declaration as he turned out his arm and matched the identical markings.

Regan didn't know his native language, but his words were lyrical and sweet. The warmth from their matched marks spread quickly through her body, consuming her with the intensity of her need and desire for Liam to fill her. As he finished his pledge, her back arched as the mating heat took control. She wrapped her legs around his waist, trying to pull him down into her, needing his c**k to fill her empty channel.

Their eyes met and Regan knew her eyes mirrored his, exposing the raw need to join. "Fuck me, Liam."

He reached for her, flipping her body over, dissolving the restraints before he rolled her to her stomach. "Need to fill you deep, so deep that you know who you belong to," Liam grunted as his arm came around her waist like a vise, supporting her shaking, fiery body.

He spread her legs wide, leaving her open to him, his to take. He barely paused at the tight entrance as he buried his c**k into her wet channel. They groaned together, relieved to be joined. Regan pushed her ass back, wanting every inch even though she was already completely filled. There was no pain, just the intense, tight pressure of his c**k opening and stretching her, binding them together.

"Mine!" Liam rumbled as he grasped her hips, keeping her steady. He pulled almost all of the way out and slammed into her again. Regan gasped at the forcefulness of his repeated strokes, his body claiming her, owning her. Her arms and head dropped into the pillow, leaving her ass in the air as Liam's strokes became needier, faster, deeper. Regan dug her fingers into the pillow as her body rocked back into his reflexively, needing his rough claiming.

Liam's body came down to blanket hers and his hands slid to her shoulders to keep her from sliding into the headboard from the pistoning of his hips. Regan shuddered as he lifted her hair, moving it to her other shoulder, his tongue licking the side of her neck in hungry swirls.

"Mine forever, my love," Liam whispered softly as his fangs slid into the side of her neck with a slight pinch, unleashing a huge burst of erotic heat that spread through her body, making her moan as he pulled her head back and fed from her life blood.

Regan shattered, gulping for air as she felt the invisible bonds reach from his body to hers, securing their souls tightly together in ties that could never be broken. Tears flowed from her eyes as her orgasm and the binding made every emotion float close to the surface.

I love you, Liam.

Unable to speak, her mind called out to him.

"As I love you, my precious mate," he answered aloud in a low voice as he pulled his c**k from her and rolled her onto her back.

He pulled her legs around his waist and entered her swiftly again, as though he was unable to be outside of her tight heat. Regan tightened her legs around him and he lowered his massive body over hers. Their bodies were both slick with sweat and her ni**les abraded against his powerful chest as he took her mouth, his tongue mating hers to the same rhythm as his pounding cock.

Liam's breath was hard and heavy as he broke his mouth away and buried his hands in her hair, looking deep into her eyes as he continued to fill her over and over, his hips pumping urgently. Regan could see forever in his fierce gaze as tiny fangs erupted from her gums.

Hunger seized her and she wrapped her arms around his neck to draw him to her. He came willingly and eagerly, offering the side of his neck, which she nuzzled, breathing in his male scent. Her man. Her mate.

Her tiny razor-sharp teeth cut into his skin like it was butter and she drank of his essence. He tasted hot, succulent and wild. Regan could feel him shudder and he groaned, "Yes, Regan. Take from me. Oh, f**k, it feels good."

She knew he was feeling the same sensations that she had felt and she sensed the unseen threads emanate from her body to entwine his soul with hers.

Bonded.

Regan closed the tiny punctures and threw her head back as Liam lost control, pounding into her with a carnal lust, triggering a climax that tore through her body like a violent thunderstorm.

Her spasms gripped Liam's c**k and he threw his head back, letting out a low, feral cry as he buried himself deep in a powerful release that made his body shudder.

He rolled to his side, dragging her up against him in a fierce, possessive hold as they rocked together, trying to recover from the explosive joining.

Regan lifted her head a little and gently stroked the small mark on Liam's neck. It was tiny and barely noticeable, but she knew if she had a magnifier she would see a miniature version of their mating mark. To the naked eye it looked like a little birthmark.

"It will never disappear?" Liam questioned softly.

Realizing her mate had picked up her thoughts, Regan replied. "Nope. Always there."

Liam gave a satisfied nod. "Good. I like the thought that every man will see my mark and know you belong to me."

"Caveman," she sighed softly, although she was secretly pleased that he would also have her tiny mark on his neck to signify that he was hers.

"Does it bother you that I'm going to be a little possessive?" he asked thoughtfully as he stroked her hair.

A little? Regan choked back a laugh. "No." It made her feel cherished. "As long as you don't get a club and drag me by my hair to your cave," she teased him softly.

"Mmmm...," he hummed quietly, as though considering the idea.

"Don't even think about it," she warned him sternly before adding, "You wouldn't need it. I'd go with you quite willingly. You're quite the stud," she teased him lightly as she stroked her hands over his body.

"Be careful what you start, my love," he warned with mock severity. "You're going to be sore."

"Already am. So we might as well go for it," she laughed lightly as she wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down for a gentle kiss, barely able to process the fact that Liam was actually hers. Forever.

"I love you, Regan. I'm not sure what I ever did to deserve such a mate. You're my best friend and the love of my life. I always knew you were special, right from the start. It may seem strange, but I loved you even before we fired the mating instinct," Liam mused, letting out a long, contented sigh. "What did I ever do to deserve you?"

"You gave your life to your people without a single complaint, Liam. You're almost unnatural in your dedication. You deserved to take one thing that you wanted for yourself."

"You're the only thing I ever truly coveted."

God, how could she not love him when he said things like that? "I guess it will save you my nagging about you feeding every day. Is it so bad feeding from me?" she asked curiously.

He pulled back and gave her a wicked grin. "Sweetheart, I can promise you that I'd be more than happy to devour you daily. Maybe several times a day."

"Are we talking about blood here?" she gave him a dubious look as she asked.

Liam shrugged. "Blood...once. The other times I get to fed on your irresistible body. And feel free to taste me any time you like."

"I don't have to feed very often. Daric said maybe once a week to satisfy the vampire part of me," Regan answered as she snuggled against his warm body, both tired and exhilarated.

"More often would be better," he answered, smiling against her hair.

"Hmmm...we'll see," she answered lethargically, her adrenaline waning, exhaustion taking over.

"Tired, my love?"

"A little," she answered with a yawn.

"Sleep, Regan. From now on I will always have you by my side."

"Thank you. For mating with me," she murmured as she slipped quietly into slumber.

Liam's lips turned up into a smile as he watched her slip into a post-mating slumber. "As if I did you a favor? Now you have to put up with me for eternity."

She didn't answer and he didn't expect her to. He was feeling the pull of sleep himself, but he wanted to stay awake as long as possible, savor being able to watch her sleep beside him in his bed.

He shook his head slightly as he finally closed his eyes and started to drift, fatigue taking over his body.

He pulled Regan against him, skin to skin, not even bothering to question the miracle he had been granted. For the first time in his life, he would know what it was like to not be lonely, to have the woman of his heart with him forever.

How had he ever managed to become such a lucky bastard?

Liam joined his mate in sleep with a smile on his lips and his mate clasped protectively in his arms.

Epilogue

Two weeks later, Regan sighed softly as she looked around Nathan's living room, satisfied that every member of her vampire family was protected. And they were her family now. All of her ties with the mage had been severed completely, but she didn't regret it. It was actually a relief to be the person she wanted to be and not live in fear of her emotions being exposed.

She had chosen a Celtic cross symbol for protection; the same ancient symbol hung around the neck of every male and their mates in her family. Although the actual meaning of the symbol was a little murky, Regan had always loved the design. She had spelled and fastened each one personally around each recipient's neck and no amount of force could ever remove them. Regan was the only one with the power to remove the symbol of protection and that would never happen.

Regan reached up a finger and traced her own symbol that she had fashioned for herself. It was exactly the same as the ones she had made for Sasha, Callie and Brianna; a smaller, more delicate version of those she had made for the males.

Regan had wanted to give one to Daric, but the prince had gracefully refused, stating that it wouldn't work on him, though he offered no further explanation.

Rory and Liam stood together across the room, their faces beaming with so much joy that Regan's heart stuttered as she watched them. They smiled as if they shared secrets, secrets that should have always been shared between twins.

Regan took a sip of champagne and her lips formed a smile as Nathan and Ethan joined Rory and Liam, emitting roars of laughter and much back-slapping for their newly mated brother.

"It a real Kodak moment, isn't it?" Callie stated softly, as all four of the female mates watched their partners with obvious affection.

"If only we had a camera?" Sasha said mournfully.

"I don't think we'll need it." Brianna popped her comment in lightly.

Regan had to agree. She was hopeful that this was the way it would be forever. "I think the brothers will truly be brothers now," Regan nodded absently, her eyes unable to leave her mate.

"I'm just sorry for all of the pain you suffered, Regan," Callie murmured quietly, sadly.

Regan shifted her gaze from her mate and looked at the women, all of whom she now considered sisters. "Don't be. As I keep reminding Liam, it was one night of my life. I will have so many others that are filled with happiness that it just doesn't matter. I know any one of you would have done the same for your mate. I would do it all over again if the end result was having Liam as my mate. I'd walk through fire for him."

"As he would for you, my love." Regan shivered as strong, masculine arms slid around her from behind, wrapping her in Liam's protective embrace. His mouth beside her ear, he whispered quietly in a voice meant only for her, "Are you ready to go home? I'm not sure I can continue to see you in that f**k-me dress without stripping it from your body and tasting every inch of your skin."

Regan's pulse elevated as she saw images of Liam doing just that in her mind. "Stop that, Liam!" She turned in his arms and smacked him on the shoulder for projecting his erotic images into her head. "This is our mating party. Behave."

He put an innocent expression on his face as he answered, "I've been a model mate all night and I've helped my brothers consume all of the food and drink." He shot her a wicked glance, one that she had a hard time not responding to. "Now I want to devour my mate."

"Get a room, you two," Nathan boomed as he pulled Sasha against him.

All four men had joined them and had their mates firmly at their sides.

Regan pulled Liam's head down and whispered seductively in his ear. "I got a beautiful mating gift from my sister and sister-in-laws."

"Where is it?" Liam asked curiously.

"Underneath this f**k-me dress." Regan flashed him an image of herself that she had seen in the mirror before pulling her dress on this evening. The sexy lingerie was sinful and Regan had loved it.

"Christ, Regan," Liam strangled out as he received the images. "If I had known that, we never would have left the house."

"I know. That's why I didn't tell. It was a little...surprise."

Liam's eyes were dark and dangerous as he pulled back and his gaze swept down her body, undressing her with his eyes as though he could see beneath the black silk dress that hugged her curves and showed plenty of cle**age. His breathing was ragged as he leaned forward, his mouth against her ear. "You'll pay for this torture later, my beloved mate," he growled.

Ah...her caveman was here. "I'm counting on it," she answered softly, shivering with anticipation.

Knowing her time was limited; Regan pulled away from Liam and hugged each one of his brothers and their mates, thanking them for the lovely mating party. "Where's Daric?" Regan looked around curiously, wanting to bid the prince farewell.

"He had to go, but he told me to tell you that it's been delightful and he hopes to see you again soon," Liam grumbled, obviously not happy that his prince appeared besotted with his mate.

"He's so awesome," Sasha sighed as she grasped Nathan's hand.

"He is our prince. He is not awesome," Nathan muttered.

Regan laughed lightly as she looked at Liam, Rory and Ethan who were all nodding approvingly at their brother's statement.

Oh Lord...every one of the Hale brothers obviously had a little bit of caveman in him!

Ethan and Brianna faded away, followed by Rory and Callie. Nathan and Brianna looked like they were more than ready for bed. Or a couch. Or a chair. Or any other surface for that matter.

Regan wrapped her arms around Liam's neck and placed her head on his shoulder. "I'm ready, Liam."

"Damn good thing, because I was ready hours ago." Liam gave an exaggerated sigh and wrapped his arms lovingly around Regan's waist.

"Then take me home, caveman," Regan requested in a sultry voice.

"As fast as I can drag you to my dark little cave, my love," Liam agreed in a naughty voice that had Regan laughing as the happy couple faded out of sight.

~ The End~

