The Tit Crypt hadn't changed much over the years. The neon sign over the mausoleum-shaped building still featured a pair of breasts that throbbed with each blink of the lights. Letters under the enormous glowing rack warned passersby this club was strictly members only. It didn't mention all the members were vampires.

"So, Sabina," Adam said, "your friend isn't exactly into subtlety, is he?"

"With a name like Fang was there any doubt?" I hefted a duffel bag onto my shoulder. Adam clenched the twin to my bag in his right hand.

"Okay," I said, "everyone play it cool in there."

A voice came from inside the bag I held, "Please, my middle name is Cool."

A female voice from Adam's bag responded, "You said your middle name was Hung."

"Whatever," I said. "Just remember to keep a low profile, okay? We don't want the Dominae to know we're in town yet. Just about the only thing we have going for us right now is the element of surprise."

Once the demons in the bags mumbled their agreement, we set out. Other than a couple of drunken vamps stumbling out the front door, the place looked tight. We skirted the front and made our way to the back of the building. Although frankly, if we'd gone in the front door, chances were good the patrons' eyes would have been on the strippers. But we didn't want to take any chances.

I banged on the heavy steel door in the alley behind the building. A couple of seconds later it opened to reveal six foot five inches of leather-clad vampire. Adam stiffened at my side. Couldn't blame him, really. In addition to his impressive size, Fang's scowl and full-sleeve tattoos of vampire pinup girls gave him a decidedly threatening air.

"Hiya, Fang," I said, unable to contain my damn-it's-good-to-see-you smile.

"Come give me some sugar!" He hauled me up into his massive arms for a bear hug and a grope. I laughed and hugged him back.

Seeing Fang again brought back memories of the good old days-simpler times when I made my living killing vampires for the Dominae. Now I was the one being hunted, and the word complicated didn't even begin to describe the shitstorm that was my life.

When he finally set me down, I turned to Adam, who watched the reunion with arms crossed and eyes narrowed.

"Adam, this is Fang. He owns this den of iniquity," I said. "And Fang, this is Adam, the mage friend I told you about."

The two males eyed each other, sharing terse nods and a white-knuckled handshake. They might as well have whipped out their dicks for a little compare and contrast.

But to their credit, this wasn't an average territorial, tough guy greeting. Each also had to weigh whether their mutual acquaintance with me meant they could trust each other. Mages and vampires weren't easy allies as a rule. Especially now with a war between the races all but inevitable.

Scratching noises came from inside my duffel bag, followed by an "Ahem!"

"Oh, right." I held up the bag. "And this is my demon minion, Giguhl."

Fang peeked into the panel on the side of the bag. A shadowed outline of a cat with huge, hairless ears appeared against the mesh. "Hey there, Mr. Kitty."

An evil hiss ripped through the air. Fang jerked his hand away and shot me a worried look.

"Um, Fang," I said, "he's kind of sensitive about the cat thing."

Fang's eyes narrowed as he looked inside the bag again. "I'm sorry?"

"You should be, asshole," said the bitchy kitty.

I dropped the bag on the ground. A muffled yelp followed, along with a word that sounded suspiciously like bitch. I shot Fang a lame smile and mumbled a quick apology. Then I motioned to Adam, who lifted his own bag obligingly.

"And this," I said, motioning to the small blinking eyes and beak just visible inside the bag, "is Valva."

Fang's smile froze. "Did you just say-"

"Vahhhl-va," the peacock purred from the carrier.

"Okay," he said slowly, eyeing the bag. "Why don't you and your"-he struggled for the proper word for a second before finally settling on-"friends come on into my office."

I nodded and made to follow him in, but Adam put a hand on my arm. When I looked at him, he was frowning. "Are you sure we can trust this guy?"

I sighed. "Adam, do you really think I'd bring us here if I didn't?" I couldn't really blame the mage for his suspicion. But I wasn't any more interested in finding trouble here than he was. "Fang and I go way back. He's cool."

Adam jerked his head toward the door. "Lead the way then."

As we made our way toward Fang's office, the pulsing beat of the club's music made the walls throb. The noise made it unlikely Fang had overheard my hushed conversation with Adam. And thank the gods for that-I didn't need to offend my only ally in Los Angeles.

Fang slung a heavy arm across my shoulders and led me to a doorway at the end of the hall. "Godsdamn, it's good to see you!" His voice boomed over the music. "Didn't think I'd ever see you again after that trouble you got into with the Dominatrixes last month."

I smiled at the derogatory term for the Dominae. "Believe me, I didn't think I'd be back, either."

He opened a door and flipped on the light. Fang's office was actually a storeroom with one metal desk and an ancient rolling chair shoved in a corner. The rest of the room contained shelves filled with jugs of baby oil, cases of toilet paper, and several kegs of beer. Through the crack in a door at the rear of the room, I spied a cot and some cleaning supplies. Probably for dealing with the oil slicks Fang's skanks left behind on the stage. It wasn't the Four Seasons, but it beat sleeping in the truck we'd boosted. If Fang let us stay there, that is.

"Um, Sabina?" Giguhl's plaintive voice came from inside the bag as I set it down on the floor.

"What?" I said, flashing Fang an apologetic smile.

"Can we switch back now?"

I sighed. "Hold on." To Fang, "Do you mind if I let the demons take their true forms? They've been stuck in these bags for a while." We'd flashed into LA using what Adam called "interspatial travel." It's kind of like the magical version of having Scotty beam us up, except with more nausea. Regardless, Adam insisted the demons travel in their animal forms since we'd need to be mobile the second we touched down in the City of Angels. Besides, a cat and a peacock were easier to hide than a seven-foot-tall Mischief demon and his golden-skinned, blue-tailed Vanity demon girlfriend.

Fang shrugged. "Suit yourself."

Adam and I opened zippers, and the cat and peacock emerged from their canvas cocoons. After some exaggerated stretching and whining about animal cruelty, they settled down enough for me to say the incantation that allowed them to change forms.

A loud pop sounded in the small room, followed by two plumes of smoke-one green and the other blue-that smelled of rotten eggs. The stink cloud finally cleared enough to reveal the demons in all their naked glory. Fang stumbled back.

Obviously amused to see the big bad vamp's shock, Adam didn't even bother covering his shit-eating grin. Fang's fear was short-lived. Hard to be intimidated by two nude demons doing the pee pee dance, I guess.

I threw a pair of sweatpants at Giguhl and a long T-shirt to Valva. I'd learned the hard way to carry extra clothes in a backpack for them. The switch between forms always resulted in exposed demon junk. Not pretty.

Giguhl pulled on his pants quickly. "It's an emergency."

"Me too," came Valva's high-pitched voice from inside the T-shirt as she slipped it over her head.

Fang's eyes tracked the demons' every move. "Bathrooms are down the hall."

"I'll go with them," Adam said. I nodded my thanks, grateful for a second to talk to Fang without an audience. The trio disappeared and shut the door behind them.

Once we were alone, Fang blew out a breath. "What the hell have you gotten yourself into, Sabina?"

Between hunting down my grandmother, who'd kidnapped my twin, and trying to avert a war, not to mention the crazy secret cult who wanted to kill me before I could accomplish that goal, I wasn't really clear on which drama Fang was taking issue with. "I'm afraid you're going to have to be more specific here, dude."

"I know you're on the Dominae's shit list, but surely you didn't have to resort to slumming with mages and demons."

His venom set me on edge. "Those are my friends, Fang. If you have a problem with them, you have a problem with me."

He held up a hand. "Wait. I'm sure they're fine if you trust them. It's just, if the Dominae find out I was harboring both you and a mage, I'd be good as dead."

I sighed. "Look, I'm sorry to drag you into this. I just didn't know where else to go. The Dominae will be watching hotels and the regular haunts. Hell, they probably already upped the price on my head."

"Since you mentioned it..." Fang walked to the desk and picked up a stack of papers. "I know you said you were back in town to find someone, but you're not going to get very far with these circulating." He handed me the first sheet from the stack. "They've plastered these all over the city."

My own face looked up at me with a sly smile. I remembered the picture had been taken at a party at my old friend Ewan's bar. That night we'd been drinking hard, and Ewan had captured a rare unguarded moment. Little did I know then that a year later he'd be dead and I'd be on the Dominae's hit list.

The flyer claimed I was missing and feared kidnapped. It also said my family was offering ten thousand dollars for information leading to my safe return.

Acid filled my stomach and my fangs ground together. "Shit." Normally when the Dominae put prices on vampires' heads, they spread the word quietly among the fanged community. But now, they'd cleverly recruited humans into helping them, too. And, of course, the irony of claiming I'd been the one kidnapped was a little extra dig. I crumpled the paper in my palm and silently promised my twin, Maisie, I'd find her and make Lavinia pay. Painfully.

To Fang, I said, "Only ten grand? I think I'm insulted."

He wasn't impressed by my bravado. "If I were you, I'd forget whoever you're looking for and get the hell out of Dodge."

I shook my head. "I can't. They have my sister."

"You have a sister?" His eyes widened. "Is she as good lookin' as you?"

I appreciated him trying to lighten the mood, so I forced a small smile. "Actually, she looks exactly like me." While he digested this with a whistle, I carried on. "The Dominae kidnapped her from the mage compound in New York last night."

"And you figure they've got her at the Dominae estate in Malibu?" When I nodded, he continued, "Damn, Sabina, good luck. Between the flyer and the Dominae's security, you're gonna need a miracle to get her back."

I nodded to indicate the truth of that statement. "I know, but I've got to try."

He sighed and crossed his arms. "How can I help?"

"I was kind of hoping you could put us up for a couple of nights."

Fang sucked air through his teeth. "I don't know, Sabina. You know I'd do almost anything for you, but-"

I held up a hand. "The last thing I want to do is put you or your girls in danger, but you have my word we'll be careful not to implicate you in anything. We just need a place to crash. Otherwise, you won't even know we're here."

Fang relaxed a tad, and I was convinced he was about to relent when Adam burst through the door. The heavy bass of the club's music had been muffled until that moment, but now it flooded into the room with a vengeance.

One look at the expression on Adam's face and my heart skipped a beat. "We've got a problem."

"Oh shit," I said. "What did Giguhl do now?"

He shook his head. "Not Giguhl. Valva."

Catcalls and whistles echoed down the hallway-loud enough to be heard over the ear-bleeding volume of Axl Rose welcoming us to the jungle. Someone really needed to talk to Fang's DJ about updating the playlist.

Giguhl stood in the shadowed hallway. Just beyond him, an archway opened up into the club. The demon's eyes were locked on the stage. His posture was stiff, and his fists clenched liked rocks at his sides.

I skidded to a halt next to him with Adam and Fang behind me. "G, where is-" My voice trailed off as I followed his glare to the stage.

"Oh shit!" I yelped.

Apparently, I needed to have a little chat with the Vanity demon about the meaning of the phrase low profile. It certainly didn't involve spinning on a stripper pole fully nude. Yet that's exactly what she was doing.

Her golden skin might have looked like a bodysuit to the unfocused eye, but if you looked long enough, it was hard to miss the two pert, gilded nipples and a bush that sparkled like Christmas tinsel.

"Does someone want to explain how the hell this happened?" I demanded, turning on Adam and Giguhl.

Giguhl was too busy glaring at the males waving dollar bills at his true love to answer. Adam wouldn't meet my eyes but mumbled, "She snuck out while Giguhl was taking his sweet time in the john."

"Shut it, mancy. It's not my fault magical travel gives me stress diarrhea."

Just then, a gasp rippled through the crowd. Onstage, Valva had unfurled her peacock tail in all its blue, feathery glory.

"She's amazing," Fang said with dollar signs in his eyes. "They love her."

I shot him a glare. "How long do you think it's going to be before word gets back to the Dominae you've got yourself a new demon stripper?"

That got his attention. "Get her off there. Now!"

I rolled my eyes. "If we run out there and make her get off the stage, it'll cause more of a scene than any of us want."

"Um, guys? Whatever we do we better make it quick," Adam began, nodding at the gaggle of pissed vamp strippers gathering on the edge of the stage, "or this place is going to turn into catfight city."

Valva ignored the venomous stares of the redheaded, pasties-wearing posse and continued to taunt and tease the males at the foot of the stage into a frenzy. The pile of dollars at her feet was quickly growing into a mountain.

I opened my mouth to tell Fang to cut the music, so we could plead technical difficulties. But right then, a stripper in assless chaps made her move. One second, Valva was executing a jaw-dropping one-legged spin on the pole, and the next, Chaps had her by the hair and was dragging the demon across the stage. The gaggle of strippers fell on her like vultures on roadkill, much to the excitement of the crowd of vampire males, who sensed imminent blood sport.

I cursed and ran toward the stage. It's not that I worried Valva would get hurt. As a demon, she could hold her own. Instead, I worried that in addition to starting a riot in Fang's club, I'd also be responsible for his girls being harmed-an offense he would never forgive.

As I made my way through the crowd, customers started taking sides in the stripper battle. Suddenly fists, chairs, and even some bodies flew through the air like shrapnel.

Behind me, Adam and Giguhl waded into the melee, shouting to each other over the din. I elbowed a couple of male vamps in the face on my way, but didn't stop to engage. My sole goal was to get to the stage and stop Valva before things escalated from what the hell to oh shit.

Somehow, Adam and I reached the pileup of boobs and fists at the same time. I turned to yell for Giguhl. He was most likely to be able to handle Valva. But my yell turned into a yelp as someone grabbed a fistful of my hair from behind.

I grabbed the hand and held it close to my scalp to lessen the pain and twisted around to deliver a fist to a taut, glittered midsection. My opponent wore a pair of pasties shaped like stars, a green-spangled G-string, and a pair of Lucite heels with flashing lights in the soles. But what she lacked in clothing, she made up for in fury.

If this had been a run-of-the-mill mortal stripper, she'd already be dead. But Fang's vampettes were some tough bitches who liked to fight dirty. Too bad I didn't remember that before the harpy scored my face with her neon-green dragon lady nails.

"Godsdammit!" I yelled, sidestepping just in time to avoid the stomp of her platform heel. I hooked my ankle around her knee. She slipped and slammed to the stage easily thanks to the baby oil slick.

I turned to find Adam with six strippers clinging to him like big-breasted leeches. Gods love him, he tried to look like he wasn't enjoying himself, but he hadn't zapped any of them, either. I grabbed one by the arm and flung her away. Nearby, Valva picked up Assless Chaps and threw her across the room. Four male vamps broke her fall and toppled like bowling pins.

"Valva!" I yelled. "Stop!"

She flashed me a smile. Right then, Guns N' Roses gave way to the opening chords of Heart's "Barracuda." Valva ignored me and executed a swan dive off the stage. The men in the audience roared in approval as she began to crowd surf. A trio of strippers noted her escape and started fighting customers in an attempt to reach their prey.

Adam and I stood onstage, panting. In horror, we watched the bar devolve into a bare-breasted brawl. Fang and his bouncers attempted to hack their way through the mosh pit of doom. My old friend glared at me through the smoke and projectiles with an expression that promised retribution. Looked like our welcome had been officially revoked.

As if the scene wasn't enough of a clusterfuck, Giguhl dove off the stage and wrecking balled his way into the crowd. Vampires flew through the air like discarded trash. Totally oblivious to the chaos she'd created-or maybe because of it-Valva couldn't have looked happier.

"Valva!" Giguhl yelled, punching a rough-looking male vamp in the face.

I grabbed Adam's arm. "Can't you do some spell or something to stop this?"

He ran a hand through his hair. "What do you want me to do, Sabina? He's your demon."

Oh. Right. "Giguhl!" I screamed. "I command you to stop!"

Giguhl's fist paused midstrike. His arm shook as he strained to deliver the blow, but my minion couldn't deny a direct order. Probably I'd hear an earful about this later, but right then all I cared about was stopping the fight.

I jumped off the stage and pushed my way toward the action. Unfortunately, a few of the patrons mistook me for a stripper. But I endured the gropes and leers because they were easier to get through than fists and kicks.

Finally, I managed to reach the horde of vamps parading the demon around the bar. "Valva! Get down from there right now!"

She ignored me. Unlike Giguhl, Valva wasn't officially my minion. That honor belonged to my sister, Maisie, which meant Valva didn't have to do anything she didn't want to do.

Going for a more direct approach, I pushed a guy out of the way and grabbed her leg. I yanked on her leg, but the males were having none of it. Someone grabbed me from behind and before I knew it, the world tilted and gravity reversed itself. They lifted me right up next to Valva.

"Hi, Sabina!" she said. "Isn't this great?"

Before I could answer, the crowd surfed us over to the bar. Valva landed gracefully on the surface, blowing kisses and flicking her tail flirtatiously. One of the males carrying me decided to grab a handful of my left ass cheek before helping me onto the bar. Frustrated and pushed beyond patience, I slammed my fist into his nose. The cartilage gave with a satisfying crunch.

"Hey!" he yelled, dropping me. I landed on the filthy carpet with a thud. The guy loomed over me. Blood coated his fierce scowl. But then his expression changed from anger to recognition. "Wait, aren't you-"

"Fire!" The shout broke through the chaos. I looked up in time to see the bar explode into flames. A flash of gold flew by my head-Valva making a hasty retreat from her smoldering impromptu stage. I had no idea how she'd managed to set the thing on fire, but I had a more pressing issue to worry about at the moment.

I leaped to my feet, pushing the angry male aside. Obviously, the situation was way beyond diffusing. Time to just cut our losses and disappear. I spun to locate Adam and slammed into an unmovable object. One with an impossibly broad chest, a leather vest, and tattoos.

I looked up slowly and cringed when my gaze reached his face. Fang's expression wasn't so much angry as apocalyptic. He grabbed my arms. "What the fuck have you done?"

"Fang, I-"

The heat and flash of the fire caught my eye. Flames licked across the floor, searing a path to the stage. On the platform, eight or ten vampire strippers continued their bloody battle. Apparently Fang's strippers had some unresolved personal issues because they were whaling on each other, using any weapons at their disposal. Chairs crashed into heads. Thongs became garrotes. And jugs of baby oil-

"Oh shit!" My gaze flew back to Fang's face. "Is baby oil flammable?"

He squinted hard. "Huh-"

Too late. The flames already reached the base of the stage. "We need to help them!"

Either he couldn't hear me or he was so enraged he chose not to listen, but Fang's grip tightened and his fangs flashed ominously. A flash of light and a burst of heat exploded through the club. The stink of singed hair and broiled skin brought bile to my throat. And the screams. Terrible, terrible screams.

Looking directly at the stage turned pyre was almost too horrible. Looking like ghouls with melted wigs and blackened skin, the burning strippers danced around like scorched marionettes. Still, shock kept me rooted to the spot.

Fang burst into action, tossing me to the side as he leaped toward the bonfire, shouting for water as he ran. I went the other direction, intent on finding Adam and the others. I didn't get far before I saw Giguhl running in my direction with Valva in his arms. Her expression resembled that of a toddler about to throw an epic tantrum.

"Adam?"

Giguhl jerked his head toward the inferno that used to be the bar. "Over there!"

I nodded and took off, yelling, "Stay here!"

I hoped the demon could hear me over the yells of those who were trying to fight the fire and the screams of those trying to escape it. As I passed the group trying to help, I saw Fang yelling orders. He looked up as I passed, and the hatred in his once-friendly eyes made my stomach contract.

Adam's golden-brown head should have been easy to spot among all the redheaded vampires. But the thick haze of smoke clawed at my eyes. Climbed down into my lungs. I couldn't see anything through the choking and the tears.

Rough hands grabbed me from behind. I spun into a crouch, ready to fight. Adam tilted his head and raised an eyebrow in greeting. Instead of witty comments or snarky asides, he grabbed my hand and hauled me back to the demon.

"Praise Asmodeus," Giguhl said. "Can we leave now?"

The mancy glanced at me for confirmation. I looked at the fire. At the soot-covered faces. At the flames dancing over smoldering bodies. "We should stay and help them."

"Red." Adam sighed. "Normally I'd agree, but there's no chance now that the Dominae won't hear about this-or your involvement. We need to get the hell out of here before they find us."

Electricity flashed through my veins. Considering I had cost Fang his beloved club, I wouldn't put it past my old friend to go to the Dominae himself and tell him we were back in town. Guilt swelled in my midsection like acid, but I nodded anyway.

Adam put his arms around us. Started chanting.

The pressure began in my solar plexus.

The doors to the club burst open. The fire rushed toward the fresh oxygen. Then a dozen figures dressed in black ducked into the club.

My heart stopped. Their red hair and the golden fleur-de-lis insignias on their chests identified these new arrivals as Dominae guards.

"Mancy!" I yelled, urging Adam on. He didn't respond. Just frowned and focused harder on calling the magic.

"Sabina Kane!" Guns pointed in our direction. "Freeze in the name of the Dominae!"

Magic rushed through me like static electricity, making the hair on my arms prickle.

"Ready!"

Unbearable pressure.

"Aim!"

Wind whipped up around us.

"Fire!"

Pop-we were gone.

An eternal instant later, my ears popped and my body landed on something springy. A heavy mass thumped next to me, followed by a loud groan. Two more thuds echoed nearby. Fighting against the nausea and dizziness, I forced my eyes open.

Beside me, Adam pushed himself up on his elbows and frowned down at me. "That was way too close for comfort."

I licked my lips and tried to unscramble my brain. "Huh?"

"Are you okay?" His hands ran over my arms and torso, as if checking for wounds. I took a minute to enjoy his tactile inspection. But memories of the debacle at Fang's intruded, ruining any enjoyment I was getting out of Adam's nearness.

"I'm okay." I rubbed my nose in a futile effort to remove the lingering odor of burned sequins and charred skin.

"You're sure?"

I nodded. I didn't like that we'd basically run away from a mess of our own making, but since our only other choice was to hang around waiting to either be retaliated against by Fang or captured by the Dominae or...Well, let's just say that narrowed the options down considerably. "Where are we?"

He pulled away. The cool night air replaced his warmth. Standing, he gestured up with a wry smile. "Look for yourself."

I glanced up to where he pointed and blinked. Several tall white letters loomed over our heads. "The Hollywood sign?"

"I wasn't sure where else to go." He shrugged. "This seemed like a safe enough place for us to regroup." He held out a hand to pull me up. The momentum brought me back into contact with his body. Knowing the mage, he was doing it on purpose. Not that I minded, but it wreaked havoc on my ability to concentrate.

I stepped away and wiped my scraped and dirty hands on my jeans. Mostly I was fine, except where the rough landing bruised my ass. The demons, however, hadn't fared so well. They still hadn't moved.

I knelt next to Giguhl and listened for breathing. Big mistake. A steady diet of Cheez Doodles and catnip didn't make for the sweetest breath, but at least he was breathing. I glanced at Adam, who'd given Valva the same treatment. He gave me a thumbs-up, and I released the air I hadn't realized I'd been holding.

Now that I was sure they hadn't been injured, I relaxed. When we'd flashed into the city earlier that night, they had been disoriented but recovered quickly-Giguhl's stress diarrhea notwithstanding. But I guess two rounds of interspatial transportation in one night had taken its toll on them.

A groan grabbed my attention. I looked down to see Giguhl's eyelids squeeze tight for a moment before popping open. The bright light overhead made his vertical pupils dilate. "Are we dead?"

"Nope. No thanks to your girlfriend."

Giguhl swallowed and sat up slowly. When he looked over and saw Valva still passed out, he let out a little yelp. "Valva?" He grabbed her chin and shook her. "Is she okay?"

Her lids snapped open. "Hi, honey!" she said in a breezy tone completely at odds with the situation.

"Hi, honey?" he roared. "Don't 'hi, honey' me!"

She frowned. "What's wrong, sugar buns?"

Giguhl's goat eyes widened impossibly. "What's wrong? How can you even ask that? You almost got us killed!"

Her golden lips went from a frown to a full-on pout. The bottom lip began to tremble. I rolled my eyes, recognizing feminine wiles when I saw them. "But I didn't mean to. Everything was fine until those trampires tried to stop me."

"Valva," Adam said, "what were you thinking getting up onstage in the first place?"

She shrugged her golden shoulders. "I couldn't help it."

"Bullshit," Giguhl said. "You couldn't wait to get out there and shake your sweet ass for all those bloodsuckers."

She blinked. "But I'm a Vanity demon," she said as if it explained everything.

"Like that excuses it?" Giguhl threw up his claws in frustration.

Pretty tears started to fall from her violet eyes. "I couldn't help it," she sobbed. "I swear."

"Giguhl," I said quietly. "Give her a break." Don't get me wrong. I was angry at her, too, but I was shocked to hear Giguhl talk to her that way. Ever since the demons' eyes met across a bloodstained fight ring, it had been love at first sight. But now-

"Oh please," Giguhl scoffed. "No female of mine is allowed to act like a common tramp in public."

I cringed at his Cro-Magnon tone. Looked like the shine had worn off their sparkly new love.

Valva's tears dried up fast. She advanced on Giguhl, her golden hands clenched into fists and her blue-feathered tail twitching. She poked a finger into Giguhl's chest. "You listen here, buddy. I am no one's property. I'll shake my ass for whoever I want wherever I want."

"Okay, everyone needs to relax," Adam said, approaching the pair. The demons ignored him.

"Is that right?" Giguhl growled, getting into Valva's face.

"I'm sick and tired of your clinging! I need some space."

Adam tried to get between the demons. "Valva, you don't mean that." The demons moved closer, edging Adam out of their space completely. He looked at me. "A little help here?"

I held up my hands and shook my head. Refereeing a demon lovers' spat was so not my area. "Just let them work it out."

Adam pressed his lips together and looked to the sky for patience.

Giguhl crossed his arms across his massive chest. His eyes narrowed. "You want space? Why don't you just go back to Irkalla then?"

"Maybe I will," she said, poking him again. "At least I'm appreciated there."

"Valva," I said, finally moving in. Now that the talk had turned to her leaving, it was time for me to step in. "We appreciate you."

"No, you don't." She turned on me. "You're bossy and you have split ends." She pointed at Adam. "You know what I'm talking about. Tell her!"

Adam lifted his hands and backed away, as if retreating from a ticking time bomb. "I've never noticed any split ends."

"Please, you know she's a bitch. Ordering us about like we're her slaves." She ran a hand over her peacock-blue hair. "Besides, she's totally jealous of me."

"Hey!" I said, ignoring the ridiculous accusation. "Need I remind you that you and Giguhl are my minions? It's kind of my job to tell you what to do."

Valva laughed. "Giguhl's your minion. Maisie's my master. Or she was, at least."

I put my hands on my hips. This chick's attitude was grating on my last damned nerve. I also didn't appreciate her use of the past tense in relation to my sister. "Right. Maisie. Remember her? She's the one who's possibly being tortured while you waste all our time with your fucking temper tantrum."

"Oh please. You're all so fucking whiny. The only reason I chose to be her minion was to get out of going back to Irkalla."

My mouth fell open. "What do you mean you 'chose' her?"

"That's right, bitches. It was my choice. I just let you think it was destiny or whatever because it was easier." She snorted. "Boy, was that a mistake. I thought staying here would be an adventure. But I'd rather be damned to the pit of despair than deal with your lame asses for one more second."

Giguhl's posture went stony. "What about me?" His voice was quiet, but fire lurked in the subtext.

She shrugged. "I thought you'd be a fun lay." Valva waggled her pinkie at Giguhl. "What a joke."

My chest clenched for Giguhl. "You bitch."

"Pot. Kettle. Black," she enunciated slowly. "I'm so out of here."

Light burst through the area, momentarily blinding me. Brimstone smoke filled my nose. I blinked rapidly and finally saw wisps of black smoke snaking through the air where Valva used to stand.

My jaw gaping, I looked around at the guys. "What the hell?"

Adam's eyes were saucer huge. "How did she just do that?"

Giguhl didn't answer. He just glared at the spot where she'd stood moments before. A muscle worked in his jaw.

I approached slowly, unsure how any show of comfort might be received. "G?" I whispered. "Are you okay?"

As if he'd forgotten our presence altogether, his head snapped up. His eyes had a wild look I'd only seen in the fighting ring. I held up my hands. "Hey, it's just me."

He shook himself, like a dog after a particularly objectionable bath. "Hey." He sounded disoriented, as if waking from a long nap. "What's up?"

I glanced from the corner of my eye at Adam. He just shrugged.

"Are you going to be okay?" I asked.

"What? Valva?" He waved a claw through the air. "Sure. No big deal."

I frowned at him. "Are you sure? She was kind of harsh."

"Sabina, I'm fine. She obviously wasn't the demon I thought she was. I'm better off without her."

"Okay," I said slowly. "Well, if you need to talk or whatever, I'm here." I said this clumsily, totally out of my depth when it came to offering emotional support to the brokenhearted.

"Yep, thanks." With that, he turned and walked over to a boulder perched on the hill. He lifted the huge thing like a mortal might have lifted a heavy crate. Raising it over his head, his muscles strained for a moment. Then he launched the rock like a shot put.

The boulder flew so far, my eyes lost sight of it in the inky night sky. Several seconds later, a muted crash rose from deep in the canyon below. A dog's bark echoed through the night, followed by a single pinpoint of light igniting in a distant window.

"Whoops," Giguhl said.

The corner of my mouth twitched. "Feel better?"

He sucked in a lungful of air that expanded his chest. On the exhale, he roared so loud I had to check and see if my ear was bleeding. When the primal scream finally cut off, Giguhl smiled. "Now I feel better."

Adam removed his hands from his ears. "Um, maybe this isn't the best time to ask this question, but does anyone know how in the hell Valva managed to flash out of here like that?"

I shrugged my shoulders. "I was kind of hoping you'd know." I turned to Giguhl. "I thought only the mage who controlled the demon could send them back to Irkalla."

Adam nodded. "Right."

"It's because she's not a normal demon." Bitterness dripped from Giguhl's voice.

I frowned, trying to decide if he was serious or if it was the heartbreak talking. "What do you mean?"

He shrugged. "That rule only applies to your average Shedim demon."

Adam seemed to be following Giguhl's cryptic remarks better than me. His eyes widened. "Wait, she's a Lilitu?"

Giguhl nodded solemnly. "Yep."

"Wait," I said. "Can someone fill me in please?"

Giguhl offered the explanation. "There's two types of demons. Those that existed before time-the Shedim. No one really knows where we came from, but we know we've existed before Lilith fled the Garden of Eden and shacked up with Asmodeus."

I nodded. I'd never heard the word Shedim, but I knew enough of the origin stories to follow along. "Okay."

"The Lilitu are the demons who are direct descendants of Lilith and Asmodeus," Adam said.

"A bigger bunch of snooty demons you'll never meet," Giguhl added. "They think because they're royalty and shit that they're special, even though the Shedim have been around eons longer."

I processed all this. "So what you're saying is that the Lilitu can move between the realms and the Shedim can't-without magical aid that is."

"Exactly," Giguhl said. "They usually don't come here, though. They're so privileged in Irkalla, they don't usually bother with mortal concerns."

I raised a hand. "Does it bother anyone else that Valva is Lilith's daughter and we didn't know it?"

"I knew it," Giguhl said. "I just didn't think it mattered."

I raised my hands in frustration. "Of course it matters." Some people believed I was some sort of chosen one, prophesied by Lilith to unite all the dark races. So the fact Valva might have been sent by the dark goddess to spy on me or whatever was information I could have used.

"Actually," Adam jumped in, "it may not. Lilith and Asmodeus have been popping out demons for millennia. Right, Giguhl?"

The demon nodded. "I'd guess they have about one hundred billion kids, give or take."

"And think about it," Adam said. "Lenny summoned Valva to fight Giguhl. Damara orchestrated all that by herself as far as we know."

He was right. Damara had been working for the Caste of Nod, who wanted me dead. She'd tried to get me killed, but when that didn't work, she blackmailed Lenny to have one of his demons kill Giguhl.

"It's not out of the realm of possibility that Lilith orchestrated it," I said.

"I don't know," Adam said. "It's kind of a stretch. Besides, she might have been a bitch, but she wasn't exactly a mastermind." He cringed and shot Giguhl an apologetic look. "Sorry, G."

Giguhl waved a claw. "Don't worry about it. Her lack of depth was one of the things I liked best about her." His shoulders slumped.

Time to change the subject before he demanded ice cream and a chick flick marathon. "Okay, now that we've figured that minor mystery out, we've got a bigger issue."

"Right," Adam said. "The Dominae."

I took a deep breath and thought about our options. My instinct was to go underground for a few days until the heat died down, but frankly I was tired of the Dominae having the upper hand. If we wanted to succeed, we'd need to do something unexpected. Something bold.

"Before we move on to that," Giguhl said, "I have something to say."

Adam and I both looked up from our musings.

"If I hadn't forced her on you guys, none of this would have happened. I'm sorry my selfishness put us in this position."

I frowned. I so wasn't used to Giguhl going all sincere on me. "It's not your fault. She had us all fooled." I patted him on the arm. "But it's in the past now. We need to get our heads back in the game and figure out what our next move is now that the Dominae know we're here."

Giguhl shot me a grateful look. "Thanks, Sabina. You're a good friend."

My cheeks heated at his praise. "Don't get used to it," I said. "I'll be bossing you around again in no time."

"If I can add a wrinkle to things," Adam said. "We also need to figure out where we're spending the day." He nodded toward the horizon. The dark edges of night were already easing into the muted pinks of dawn.

"You two figure that out while I focus on this Dominae issue," I said. Two sets of raised eyebrows greeted my command. "Please."

I looked out over the city, which spread out below us like a blanket of lights. Somewhere to the west of us, the Dominae compound crouched on a cliff overlooking the Pacific. I knew from memory that the security in the compound was impenetrable. Used to be, I could walk right in with the passwords. But now, the place might as well have been Fort Knox. Too bad Lavinia rarely left the compound, or we could have just planned an ambush.

I became still. Lavinia never left the compound, but the other Dominae did. Tanith and Persephone handled most of the night-to-night business.

"Hey," I called. "What day is it?"

"Let's see..." Adam looked up as he mentally counted days. "Monday? No, wait, it's Tuesday by now."

A smile spread across my lips. "Perfect."

The males frowned at me for a moment before resuming their discussion about the best place to crash. I took a moment to weigh the insanity of my new plan with the possible outcomes. Once I was sure it was our best option, I held up a hand. "Hey guys," I said, interrupting their debate over where we'd spend the day after the sun came up. "Anyone in the mood for a little kidnapping and extortion?"

