OCTOBER 27

Some cities are naturally holiday cities. London is a Christmas city. Paris is a Valentine's Day city. And no place in the world is a Halloween city more than New Orleans.

Maybe I feel that way because my first introduction to the Big Easy happened over Halloween a few years ago. Back then I'd headed there to find my twin sister who'd been kidnapped by our psychotic grandmother, Lavinia. Now the grandmother was dead, Maisie was the leader of the underworld, and I was the leader of all the Dark Races in the corporeal world and had made the Big Easy home. Life was funny like that sometimes.

Or maybe it was that New Orleans always felt like a liminal space, where the veil between the living and the dead was gossamer thin. Often, walking down the streets of Faubourg Marigny or through one of the infamous Cities of the Dead, you could almost swear that the veil didn't exist at all. It seemed the Big Easy, more than any other town in America, had long ago come to terms with its mortality, and its humans reveled in how close they danced with death. As an immortal, I found myself drawn to the ironic and inevitable sense of life their knowledge of death gave the city.

Yeah, a lot of people associate New Orleans with Fat Tuesday, a time of excess and gluttonous revelry. But one could argue that Mardi Gras was just one day and the celebrations leading up to it lasted a month, but every other day in New Orleans was Halloween.

Most of the Dark Races, like mages and the fae, call Halloween "Samhain," and it was just around the corner when I returned to my beloved city after an extended trip to Europe. As the head of the Dark Races Cabinet, I had to travel whenever a major conflict broke out between the different species of non-human beings anywhere in the world. This particular trip had taken me to Scotland to mediate a problem between a community of faeries and a family of vampires who wanted to move into a sacred faery ring. After that, I'd swung through Italy and Spain for summits with various subcouncils over matters relating to everything from territory rights for the Strega covens in Rome to some new feeding laws the vampires in Barcelona wanted passed.

When I returned home on October 27, I'd been looking forward to spending time with my main squeeze, Adam Lazarus, a seriously hot mage who I'd somehow convinced to love me. Instead, I'd gotten called into a special session of the council by the heads of all the Dark Races in America.

Don't get me wrong, uniting the Dark Races into a period of everlasting peace is great and all, but it's also kind of...annoying. Diplomacy doesn't exactly come naturally to me, and it's especially difficult when I have to play mediator between a pissed-off werewolf and a stubborn fae monarch.

"Faeries don't own the f**king Blue Ridge Mountains," growled Michael Romulus, Alpha of the New York pack. He sat at one end of the table and Queen Maeve sat at the other, facing off like two gunslingers.

"Maybe not, but you weres shouldn't be allowed to colonize anywhere you damned well please," Queen Maeve shot back.

"Guys," I said, "if you'll stop yelling, I'm sure we can come up with some sort of mutually beneficial compromise here." I mentally cursed my sister, Maisie, who was stuck in Irkalla dealing with a vampire ghost uprising and couldn't come help me play mediator. We technically ruled the council together, but normally I took point on issues with the living, while she handled the drama of the dead.

"Fat chance," Michael said. "I know how things work on this cabinet."

"What's that supposed to mean?" I asked.

"It's no secret that you're biased toward the fae."

I frowned at him like he'd lost his damned mind. Mike and I had had our moments in the past, but to outright accuse me of prejudice was insane. Still, I avoided the whole "we're all equals here" speech because that wasn't exactly true. The heads of each race may have a vote, but in the end my word was law.

"You're out of line, Romulus. If you want your request to be taken seriously, you need to drop the bullshit."

A muscle in his jaw tightened. "Screw this." His chair hit the ground with a crash. He stormed away from the table and out the door. In his wake, the echo of the slammed door reverberated through the chamber.

Everyone was silent for two heartbeats. Until Queen Maeve decided to speak.

"Werewolves are so touchy."

"Shut the hell up, Maeve," Rhea said. As the leader of the mage Hekate Council, she didn't have a stake in the outcome of the land rights debate, but that didn't mean she didn't have an opinion. "You have no good reason for refusing to allow that pack on your lands."

The Queen's mouth dropped open. "How dare you, mage!"

"No, Maeve, how dare you?" I said, my voice threaded with steel. "You might treat your courtiers with this type of disrespect, but I'll be damned if I let you cause hostility on my council because your mother never taught you to share."

"I didn't have a mother." Her mouth puckered. "I sprung fully formed from a peat bog."

I rolled my eyes. "Regardless, you've been alive, what, four thousand years?"

"Five thousand," she said in a haughty tone.

"Might as well be five, period," I shot back, "because you're acting like a child."

If it had been spring, Queen Maeve would have looked like a child and been even more prone to tantrums than usual. But as it happened, it was autumn, which meant the monarch was in her "mother" guise. As a demigoddess, she cycled through each season of womanhood-child, maiden, mother, and crone-each year. This evening, she looked like a human female in her prime. She wore the jewel tones of autumn and her long hair was bound in a wreath of acorns and ruby leaves.

While she sputtered her outrage, I held up a hand. "The Blue Ridge Mountains are large enough for your kingdom and one small pack of werewolves, isn't it?"

"That's not the point," she said. "We claimed those mountains when the Dark Races began the great migration from Europe. Just as the mages stake their claim on New York and the bloodsuckers-"

Nyx, the leader of the American vamps, and therefore one of the most politically powerful vampires in existence, took exception to the derogatory term for her race and cleared her throat.

The Queen spared the vamp an annoyed glance. "Just as the Lilim did in Los Angeles. My point is, why is it okay for our territory to be invaded by the weres when you know damned well they'd need special permission to settle in mage or vamp territory?"

"Asking for permission is exactly what Mike's doing. And P.S., Orpheus had no qualms about allowing the werewolves to settle in Manhattan decades ago."

"Yes, well, look where Orpheus's permissiveness got him."

"That's enough," Rhea snapped. Her outburst wasn't a surprise seeing how the deceased former leader of the mages had been her best friend and rumored lover.

"All right," I said. "Let's table this discussion for tonight. But I expect a resolution before Samhain."

The queen pursed her lips and crossed her arms. "Tell that to him."

"I intend to. Now, is there any new business?"

Several heads wisely shook to decline my invitation. I rapped my gavel on the table. "Then this meeting is adjourned."

* * *

After the council meeting, I left the chambers and all but ran across the grounds toward the house to find Adam before anyone could distract me with more diplomatic drama. I found him in the library on the first floor of our Garden District mansion. Even though it wasn't that cold out, a cheery fire crackled in the hearth. The warm glow illuminated Adam's handsome profile, which was bent over a large, leather-bound tome in his lap.

I closed the double doors behind me. He looked up and gave me the smile I'd missed like a lost limb during my travels. "There you are."

I ran toward him and threw myself in his lap. The book slid to the floor, but we were too busy kissing to care. He tasted like home and I intended to make myself very comfortable there for a very long time. His hands came up to cup my face. His touch was warm and a tingle ran from my scalp to my toes.

When he finally came up for air, his gaze caressed my face. "Gods, I've missed you."

"Ditto, Mancy."

"How'd the meeting go?"

I shook my head. "No talk. Kiss." I dove back in for another round of tongue tango. Luckily he was willing to let me take the lead.

Before long, his hands snaked up under my shirt and cupped my br**sts. I pressed into those warm hands and wiggled my ass on his lap. He pulled his lips just far enough away to say, "Keep that up and we'll put on a show." He nodded toward the open curtains on the floor-to-ceiling sash windows.

Normally, I wouldn't have cared, but with Giguhl's demonic rug rats running around at all hours, you couldn't be too careful. I sighed and put my forehead against his. "Then I think it's time to move this discussion upstairs."

He groaned. "Trust me that there's nothing I'd love more-"

"Do not say but."

"But," he began in an apologetic tone, "Giguhl's been pacing around the house all night asking when you were getting back. In fact, I'm surprised he hasn't busted in-"

At that exact moment, the doors to the library flew open. On the threshold stood a seven-foot-tall, scaly, green demon. He wore a red smoking jacket that complemented his black horns and hooves. Despite the distinguished attire, his expression was anything but composed.

"Bael's balls, Mancy! You promised to let me know the instant she got back."

I sighed and dismounted my man. "Hi, G."

"Thank the gods!"

"What's wrong?" I glanced at Adam, who shook his head as if to say he took no responsibility for the demon. "Did you and Valva have another fight?"

Valva was Giguhl's wife. A marriage between a Mischief and Vanity demon already had enough built-in drama to fuel an entire season of reality TV shows, but when you added their litter of demon babies to the mix, it was downright combustible.

"Well, yeah," he said. "But that's not the issue."

"Did the kids destroy another car?" I asked.

His gaze skittered south. "Yes," he said in a quiet tone. "But we bought Brooks a new one."

My left eye twitched. "Giguhl, that's the third car they've eaten this year! You really need to set some boundaries."

"Hey! I'm doing the best I can, okay?" He threw open the lapels on his robe, exposing five distended teats.

"Jesus, Giguhl," Adam exclaimed.

"You try breastfeeding five demonlings when your teats are scabby and tell me how much energy you have for discipline!"

I closed my eyes and prayed to every goddess I'd ever met for patience. "We know you're doing your best. But please put your teats away."

I opened my eyes and was relieved to see he'd pulled the lapels closed.

"Okay, now take a deep breath and tell me what's got you all worked up."

He sucked a huge gulp of air and then exhaled it slowly. I nodded encouragingly, ignoring Adam's eye roll. He always said I gave the demon way too much leeway, but I had to keep reminding him that Giguhl wasn't officially my minion to order around anymore.

"Didn't you tell her?" Giguhl demanded of Adam.

I sighed, losing my patience. "Why don't you tell me?"

"Okay, so Erron's in town for the big concert on Halloween, right?"

I blinked. "Oh, that's right. And?"

"And he invited us over for dinner tonight."

The thought of going anywhere but to my bed was not a pleasant one. "I don't know, G. I'm pretty exhausted."

"You have no idea how hard it was to convince Valva to let me have a night off. We have to go!"

"Why don't you just go alone?"

The demon dug a hoof in the carpet. "Because..."

I raised my brows expectantly.

The demon finally sighed. "It's been so long since the three of us hung out together. I miss you guys."

My heart dropped. In truth, I had been so busy running the Dark Races I hadn't had much time for socializing at all. "Can't we just hang out here?" I offered.

He crossed his massive arms and scowled. "If we hang out here, the kids won't leave us alone and you'll just fall asleep."

I glanced at Adam, who shrugged, as if he hated to admit the demon was right. Exhaustion tugged at me like a gravitational force, but the hope in the demon's eyes was battering my conscience. "Okay, we'll go for an hour."

The demon let out a celebratory whoop.

"One hour!" I repeated. "Not a moment longer."

The demon waved a claw in the air. "Sure, sure. I'll go tell Valva," he called as he ran out the door.

I turned to Adam. "I'm going to regret this."

Adam rubbed my shoulders. "It'll be fun. Ziggy and Goldie will be there with the baby."

As much as I looked forward to seeing our old friends, his mention of the baby pinged my warning sensors. Ever since the demonlings were born, Adam had been dropping little comments here and there about the two of us jumping into the parenthood pool, too. I wasn't quite ready to swim in those treacherous waters, so I ignored the comment and focused on ensuring Adam helped enforce the only-stay-an-hour plan. "When we get home, I'm going to rip your clothes off with my teeth."

He turned toward the door and shouted, "Giguhl, let's hurry!"

* * *

As a former resident of the Crescent City, Erron always came in a few days early for his local gigs and stayed a few days after. He even owned a home in the Garden District not far from ours. His visit this time coincided with Voodoo Fest, a large music festival that drew many of the biggest names in music to the Big Easy. Erron would be playing the main stage on Halloween with his band The Foreskins. Their first album, The Devil's Bris, hit all the charts, making them even more successful than his former band Necrospank 5000.

It was a brisk autumn night, so we headed out on foot since it was only about five blocks to Erron's house. Giguhl was with us, but he was in his cat form instead of his very conspicuous demon guise. Since it wasn't too cold I hadn't made him put on a kitty sweater. He'd argued with me before we left the house, but in the end, I'd told him that either he let me do the spell to change his form or I wouldn't be going to Erron's at all. He'd relented and scowled at me during every second of the transformation from seven-foot-tall demon to hairless cat.

"Thank the gods," Giguhl breathed the minute the door closed behind us. "I was worried Valva wouldn't let me go."

Adam frowned. "Fatherhood getting to you?"

The cat snorted. "Nah, that part's fine. It's the constant feedings."

I grimaced against the feel of his teats brushing my shoulders. "Why don't you wean them already?"

"Valva says we need to nurse them until they reach their maturity. She's determined to do everything the right way."

"Easy for her to say. They're not her teats." Demons didn't reach maturity until they were a millennium old.

"Sabina," Giguhl said in that tone parents get with nonparents. "You don't get it."

I adjusted my bra with my hand. "And I hope I never do."

A few minutes later, we walked up to the black iron gate that surrounded the house at the corner of Prytania Street and Third. The home had a fairly illustrious history of famous owners, but I always thought of it as Erron's orgy house. The first time I'd met the guy, Adam, Giguhl, and I had been staking out the house in an effort to find a murderous band of vampires we were hunting. But instead of vamps, we'd found Erron and his band hosting an orgy with a midget (who we later learned was named Goldie Schwartz), a gimp-in the SandM zippered leather mask sense-and a host of strippers who were snorting cocaine from the massive dining room table using hundred-dollar bills. A first meeting like that makes a lasting impression. Luckily, Erron had quickly proven himself to be a kick-ass mage and all-around stand-up guy in addition to his love of sex, drugs, and rock 'n' roll.

When we arrived, the house showed no signs of a wild party. In fact, the place looked downright charming with the French windows in the front glowing a warm welcome and the soft strains of classical music whispering from the front door. "Do we have the right place?" Adam asked.

I swatted him on the arm. "Behave."

Adam and Erron had an uneasy friendship. Erron was what the mage Hekate Council called a "Recreant," which meant he had shunned the council's laws. In Adam's opinion, this made Erron a loose cannon, but sometimes I wondered if the resentment had more to do with Adam feeling stifled by those same laws. Being the nephew of the leader of the Hekate Council came with a certain amount of responsibility, after all. Regardless, the two managed to get along most of the time.

I knocked on the door, and a couple of minutes later, a four-foot-tall woman (the stilettos added four inches) wearing a leopard-print pleather skirt, a black lace corset, and a ton of attitude opened the door. "The f**k you want?"

"What's shaking, Goldie?"

The scowl on her hot pink lips morphed into a grin. "Just my moneymaker, doll. Get your ass in here!"

She stepped back, opening the door enough to allow all of us entrance. She hugged Adam's leg and took Giguhl from my shoulder to cradle him against her surprisingly ample bosom. The cat purred and nestled in like he'd found his favorite home. "Erron's in the kitchen," Goldie said, leaning in to nuzzle her nose to Giguhl's. "It's too bad we're both married, Gigi." The cat giggled, and I escaped as quickly as possible to be spared the flirtation.

Adam came with me, and we found Erron in the back of the house, where a huge modern kitchen had been built. The place was too pristine to have ever been the scene of actual cooking, but the attached bar had seen plenty of use. Case in point, Erron was pouring cocktails out of a shaker when we walked in.

"You made it!" He came forward to greet us. He wore faded blue jeans and a Bauhaus T-shirt, and his jet-black hair was expertly mussed. Several earrings sparked from both lobes, a chain with a pentagram hung around his neck, and a thick leather cuff wrapped around his wrist.

"Where's Giguhl?" he asked, pulling back from the hug he gave me.

"He and Goldie are making out in the foyer," Adam said. "Where's Ziggy?"

"He'll be down in a minute. He had to feed the baby." Ziggy and Goldie had had their first kid last year. It was hard to imagine two people so dedicated to the hard living of the rock 'n' roll lifestyle settling into parenthood, but they seemed to manage just fine. Erron had even had a special bus made for the family so they could bring the kid with them on tour.

Erron handed us our drinks and we held them up for a toast. "To the old times and the new times, but most of all, to the times we spend in the company of friends."

We all clinked glasses and sipped on the gin and tonics. Gin wasn't my usual choice of drink. I preferred vodka with extra blood, but I wasn't going to complain. Erron was right; it was nice to spend time in the company of friends. I'd spent so much time over the last year traveling that I missed the simple pleasures of being with the family I'd cobbled together. It had been a long, long road from being a lonely assassin for the Dominae to the leader of all the Dark Races, and I couldn't have gotten there without all of the beings in that room. Sometimes I got so busy I took them for granted-a habit I seriously needed to break.

"So you all set for the show?" I asked.

He shook his head. "I'm not sure it's even going to happen."

Adam and I exchanged a brief, worried glance. "Why?" I asked carefully.

"You remember, Rocco, our bassist?"

We both nodded. We'd met his entire band several times.

"Well, he did some scrying last week and seems to think that I'm going to die on Samhain."

This news was offered in such a casual tone that I didn't catch the meaning at first. But when it hit me, I took a nice, long pull of my drink to fortify myself. "Oh? Did he mention any particular mode of death?"

"This is serious, Sabina." The Recreant shot me an annoyed look. "Rocco's scrying mirror is never wrong."

"Please," Adam said, "we all know scrying is an imperfect arcane art. The symbols are open to almost any interpretation."

"He saw my heart stopping."

"Oh." Adam's mouth snapped shut and he shot me a look, inviting me to step in at any moment.

I sighed. "Is that all?"

He shook his head. "There were jack-o'-lanterns and a bunch of syringes lying around."

I frowned. "That's odd."

"No shit," he said. "I was really looking forward to that show."

Adam tilted his head. "And probably, you know, living."

He waved a hand. "A man doesn't live as hard as I have and expect to grow old."

Before we could question him further about it, Ziggy came down to join us. Fatherhood hadn't changed his affection for his trademark Rockabilly uniform. His arms were covered in tattoos that were hard to miss as his hands rose to use sign language to greet each of us. When I'd first met Ziggy, I'd been surprised to learn a deaf person could be a drummer, but as it turned out, he was able to feel the beat and rock harder than most.

After hugs were exchanged and more drinks were poured, we all headed to the dining room for the meal Erron had had delivered from Arnaud's. But before we could dig in, Brooks burst through the front door. Looking at his slight frame, bald head, and thick black glasses, it was hard to imagine that Brooks spent part of his time traipsing around in high heels, audacious dresses, and wigs. He wasn't in drag tonight, but he was definitely in full drama mode.

"Brooks?" Giguhl said. He was back in his demon form now that we were safely inside the house. And when the Changeling burst through the door, Giguhl had unfolded his impressive seven-foot frame from the chair and immediately went to greet his friend.

Brooks was all but panting when he spoke again. "Sorry I'm late, but there's some trouble at the club."

The Changeling owned a bar called Lagniappe in the French Quarter, which hosted drag shows a few times a week.

We all gathered around him to hear what was the matter. He pushed his shoulders back, ready to put on a performance. "Remember the new girl I told you about?"

Adam and I exchanged clueless looks. We'd had no idea he'd hired someone new, but Giguhl nodded eagerly, clearly more in the loop. "The new waitress? Candy?"

Brooks nodded. "She didn't report in for work yesterday. I called and left a message but she didn't answer. So today, when I still hadn't heard from her and she didn't show up for another shift, I went to check her apartment." He took a deep breath. "Her roommate said she had a date two nights ago and hasn't been home since."

I frowned. Brooks had a love of drama, but he took his responsibility to his girls very seriously. "Any chance the date just went well and she's having too much fun to come home?"

Brooks grimaced. "Why not call her roommate so she won't worry?"

"He has a point," Adam said. "Any idea who the date was with?"

He shook his head. "Some vampire, according to the roommate. She said Candy seemed pretty excited about it."

Erron leaned back against a column in the foyer, sipping his drink. "You know anything about this girl?"

"She's a mage. Moved to town about a month ago from Los Angeles. She mentioned she was originally from New York, though."

I nodded. That made sense, since most mages were from the Empire State, as it was the seat of mage power in the United States. The fact Candy had lived in Los Angeles went a little way to explain why she might be into vampires, since the City of Angels was vampire turf.

"By the way she talked," Brooks continued, "sounded like she'd been bitten by the Big Apple instead of the other way around.

"And idea what she did in L.A.?" Erron asked.

"She waitressed at a couple of bars."

"Have you called the police?" Adam asked.

Brooks's head shook so hard I was worried his glasses were about to fly off. "No cops."

"But-" Adam began.

The Changeling slashed a hand through the air.

"Why not?" I asked.

"Look, Candy was up front about some problems in her past." He then continued in a whisper. "Drugs."

Ziggy whistled and signed something for Erron to translate. "How do you know she hasn't just gone off on a bender?"

"That's what I'm worried about. If she has and we call in the cops, she'll go to jail."

Erron crossed his arms. "Sometimes that's what junkies need, Brooks." He said this gently, but it didn't soften the truth. Especially coming from the rock star who'd had his share of trouble with both drugs and the law in the past.

We all fell silent, waiting for Brooks's reaction. Finally, he scrubbed a hand over his scalp. "I won't do that to her. Not when we have enough resources in the room to find her." His eyes scanned the circle until they landed on me.

I started shaking my head and backing away before the words could even come out of his mouth.

"C'mon, Sabina. You're the leader of all the Dark Races. Surely you can pull some strings with the local vamps to see if they might know something about the vampire she went out with."

I grimaced. "That's the thing, Brooks. The local vamps and I aren't exactly on great terms."

Giguhl cleared his throat, the censure clear in the sound. I shot him an annoyed look. I really didn't want to get into the whys right then.

"Can't you call Nyx?" Brooks asked.

"I'm sorry, but I'm not bothering the leader of the country's vamps to see if she can find out who your friend had a date with."

Brooks glared at me. "This isn't like Candy. She's never even been five minutes late to a shift. My gut's telling me something's really wrong."

I softened my features and tried to look sympathetic. "I know you're worried about her, but there has to be another solution besides bothering Nyx."

"I could ask Rhea if she knows anything about this girl," Adam said. Rhea was his aunt, and she was also the head of the mage Hekate Council.

"That would be so great, Adam," Brooks said. I frowned at the exaggerated gratitude in his tone because it was clearly a passive-aggressive shot at me.

"Sure. What's her last name?"

"McShane," Brooks said.

Adam blinked and went pale. "Wait...is her real name Cadence?"

Brooks nodded. "How did you know?"

I tilted my head. "Wait...isn't that...?"

Adam swallowed and nodded. "Yeah," he said in a tone as grave as a cemetery.

Giguhl's nose perked up like a bloodhound on a juicy scent. "What?"

I crossed my arms as pressure started to build in my chest. Adam paled and backed away a step. "I, uh, used to date her."

"When?" Brooks asked, looking as intrigued as Giguhl.

"A while ago," Adam said.

"How long is a while?" Erron asked, joining in with the interrogation.

Adam backed up another step. Out of striking distance. "About three years ago."

Giguhl's mouth dropped open. "That's right before you met Sabina!"

Adam eyed the door. "I sort of broke up with her right before I met Sabina in L.A." Lucky for him, he'd already told me about his relationship with Cadence McShane or he'd already be knocked out on the floor. Still, knowing the history didn't erase my instinctive jealousy at hearing Adam talk about a woman he loved.

"How long before?" Brooks asked.

The mage shot the changeling a you're-not-helping glare. "Like a week. That's why I volunteered for the mission to find Sabina. Cadence went a little...nuts when I broke it off."

"How serious was it?" Erron asked. "Women don't usually go nuts unless they feel screwed over."

Those green eyes measured the distance to the door again.

"Adam?" Giguhl prompted, tapping his hoof.

He blew out a breath, as if surrendering to impending doom. "We were engaged."

The room fell silent as all eyes turned to gauge my reaction. "Relax, I already knew about it."

Audible sighs of relief filtered through the room, as if they'd expected me to murder the mancy any second.

"In that case," Brooks said, "does this mean you'll call Nyx after all?"

I frowned at him. "Why?"

Giguhl made a disgusted sound. "Adam's ex-fiancee is missing. The girl he screwed over to be with you, I might add. You have to help find her now."

"He didn't screw her over to be with me. They broke up before he even met me," I said, my voice holding a hint of warning. "But if Adam wants to help, he's welcome to." The mage in question cringed, hearing the warning in my tone-the one that said his reaction to that statement would determine whether he would spend the rest of eternity sleeping on the sofa.

He touched my elbow. "May I speak to you?"

I knew if I agreed, he'd talk me into it. He'd remind me that I was a good person, not some petty shrew who let jealousy rule her actions. But the shock of finding out Brooks's waitress was the same woman Adam had planned to spend the rest of his life with before I came into the picture hadn't worn off. I wanted to wallow in it a little while. I shook my head at his request. "I'm feeling exhausted all of a sudden. I'm going home." Before he could respond, I turned to Erron. "Thanks for the drinks."

And with that, I used magic to flash out of the house before anyone could argue with me.

* * *

About two seconds after I flashed into our bedroom, Adam followed. That was the sucky part about being in love with a mage. "I knew I should have gone somewhere else." I started to flash out again, but he grabbed my arm.

"Don't. We need to talk."

I shook my head. "We can talk about it tomorrow."

He crossed his arms and raised that infuriating eyebrow. "Now, Sabina."

The old me would have been yelling and pacing around the room. But the problem with growing up and gaining some self-awareness was being able to recognize when you were acting like a brat. "I know it's stupid."

He sighed and took my hand in his. "Not really."

I jerked my gaze toward his. "Really?"

"I've had to deal with one of your exes, too, remember?"

I wasn't eager to talk about how I'd almost ruined my chances with Adam before we really even got started by briefly reigniting an old flame with Slade Corbin. Time for a change of subject. "I just don't see why we have to be the ones to find her."

"Because our friend asked us."

My shoulders dropped. I knew he was right, but I was so exhausted I wasn't ready to think about jumping into the drama. His hand caressed mine in a soothing motion.

"I hate that this happened tonight." He moved closer, wrapping his arms around my waist. I stayed stiff but didn't fight him off. "You've been gone so long and I was looking forward to an enthusiastic homecoming celebration." His forehead tipped to touch mine.

"Don't," I said. "Don't try to seduce me into feeling better."

What I really meant was I didn't want any sort of gentle lovemaking. I knew it wasn't his fault Cadence McShane had reentered our lives, but the petty part of me wanted to punish him for daring to love someone before I came along.

I'd been quiet for so long, he mistook my lack of encouragement as rejection. He began to pull away, but I grabbed his lapels and pulled him in for a punishing kiss. Unlike our passionate joining of lips when I'd first arrived earlier, this was a clash of tongues and lips and teeth. Despite the nips of pain, it was no less arousing.

I pushed him back toward the bed. He didn't struggle. Smart of him. If he wanted my forgiveness, he was going to have to let me take the lead this time. I wasn't interested in timidly lying back while he worshipped my body. I wanted to brand him with my body. Remind him that he belonged to me and me alone.

He fell back onto the mattress. The hem of his shirt folded back, revealing the flat, muscled planes of his stomach and those twin hip indentations that just begged to be nipped with my fangs.

I ripped his shirt open with a flick of my wrists. His eyes widened but heat sizzled from the depths. It had been so long since I'd pressed my skin to his, felt his hardness against my soft parts. Part of me wanted to relent my plan to punish and just curl up on him like a cat for some heavy petting. But I steeled my spine and slowly began unbuttoning my shirt inch by agonizing inch.

I was going to make him beg for it before the night was over. When I pulled my shirt open, he whimpered at the sight. I stuck a finger between my lips and got it nice and wet before dragging a trail from my collarbone down to the waistband of my low-slung jeans. "Want to see more?"

He swallowed hard. "Oh yes."

"Too bad."

His lips pressed together. "I see how it is."

"Do you?" I flung off his boots and socks. Then I ran my hands slowly up the legs of his jeans. Under the thick denim I could feel the corded muscles of his shins and thighs. I'd felt those muscles flex over me more times than I could count. I'd opened my thighs over and over so he could thrust into me. Had he done that with her, too?

"Ow."

I pulled back, belatedly realizing my caress of his balls had gotten a little...pinchy. "Sorry," I lied.

He shifted uneasily. I patted him gently. "Sorry."

He visibly unclenched and settled back into the mattress. "I'd feel a lot better if you didn't have any pants on."

I smiled. "You first." With a couple of flicks, I had his fly unbuttoned and the zipper down. Soon, the denim slid down his legs to reveal the muscles I'd touched earlier. The deep V of his hips, the hard ridges of his quads, the crisp golden hair on his shins-hell, even his feet were sexy. No doubt about it, even after all these years, he still did it for me. No other man had ever held my attention long enough or so thoroughly. And I certainly never could have imagined that a man as solid and well adjusted as Adam Lazarus would choose me as his life partner.

"Tell me you love me." I hated the neediness in my tone. I hated that I still craved reassurance after all this time. I was a freaking demigoddess, but this man had the power to bring me to my knees. He could strip me totally bare and destroy me with a single word.

He sat upright and reached for my stiff fingers. "Look at me." I swallowed and complied, even though part of me couldn't handle the intimacy because I knew he'd see the insecurity. "Sabina Kane, you are the love of my life. No one else matters. No one else even came close to what I feel for you."

I looked away. The words were nice and I believed him, but I still felt like crap.

He pulled me down to sit next to him. "Listen, why don't you just let me handle this situation? I'll help Brooks and you don't even need to be around Cadence if we find her."

I shook my head immediately. "Absolutely not. I'm not a wimp."

"I know that more than anyone else on this planet." He smiled ruefully, no doubt recalling all of our adventures and battles. "So what's the problem?"

I fought saying the truth because I knew it made me sound like an idiot. But he knew me too well to get away with a white lie. Time to come clean. "What if you see her and suddenly all those feelings come back?"

"Ah," he said.

"Ah what?"

He turned toward me. It was kind of hard to focus on his face with that gorgeous display of masculinity so close I could touch it and taste it. "You know what we have isn't normal, right?"

I frowned. "What do you mean?"

"I know you never had a long-term relationship before you met me, so maybe you think this thing between us-this intensity-is normal. That all people in love feel it."

I nodded. "Don't they?"

He laughed. "Some people who love each other can't even stand to be in the same room for too long, much less sit within two feet of each other without wishing they could rip each other's clothes off."

My brows rose, realizing the need I felt was also shining in his eyes. "So you didn't feel that way with Cadence?"

He shook his head. "I loved her, but it was different. I didn't realize at the time that it wasn't an all-consuming love. More of a tenderness."

The idea of Adam being tender with anyone but me made me want to put my fist through a wall-or my fangs through a jugular.

He held up his hands. "I can't believe you're acting so jealous. After all we've been through?" His fingers found the ring on the middle finger of my right hand. The one he'd given me the night he'd asked me to be his soul mate. Not a proposal in the traditional sense, but a vow to spend our lives together nonetheless. My shoulders softened as I remembered that night in Tuscany when we'd whispered promises to each other, neither sure we'd survive the next day, much less the rest of eternity, together.

Who was I kidding? What Adam and I had was real. Real real. I may not have loved a lot of people in my life, but I knew us. Nothing under heaven or earth would rip me away from this man, not even death-I'd for damned sure find a way to haunt him. And I had every reason to believe he felt the same for me. "I'm sorry," I said finally.

He frowned. "For what?"

"Not giving you enough credit. It's just the thought of you with someone else makes me feel a little insane."

His hands cupped my cheeks. "Trust me-I know exactly how that feels." I cringed a little, remembering him having to deal with this-and worse-when the Slade issue had come up.

"All right," I said, "so we're both fools where the other is concerned."

"Exactly." That crooked smile that always drove me crazy appeared on his full lips. "Now where were we?"

I stepped between his legs and placed my hands on his shoulders. "Somewhere around here."

He leaned forward and kissed my stomach. His hands came up to circle my wrists with a firm grip. He whispered against my skin, "Lose the pants."

And for the next several hours I complied to that and many other requests with relish.

* * *

OCTOBER 28

The next evening I stumbled downstairs to grab some coffee before setting out on the Cadence hunt. But when I got to the kitchen, I walked through the door and almost turned to walk right back out.

"Sabina!" Valva called from the massive table on the far side of the room. It wasn't the demon's presence that made me yearn for retreat, but the demon children surrounding her. Dinnertime for the five demonlings was a horror I wouldn't wish on my worst enemies. "Giguhl said you were back. Come tell me about your trip."

I sighed and continued into the room. Valva was...persistent. Better to get this over with now than face a tantrum. Vanity demons could be pretty touchy. "It was okay."

Because of the disturbing sounds coming from the table, I opted to busy myself with making a pot of coffee instead of joining them. Even though Giguhl had yet to wean the little bastards, they still required a steady diet of raw meat. Demon babies are born with predator's teeth, so chewing wasn't a problem. A side of beef was lying on the table while the kids dug in like a pride of lions going after a gazelle. Only less civilized.

"Aynis, stop biting your sister," Valva chided. Then she turned back toward me with the forced smile of a tired mom. Although, unlike most moms, she had golden skin and a peacock tail that twitched whenever one of her kids shrieked over a bit of gristle. "So what's your deal, anyway?"

I blinked and looked up from filling the coffee carafe with water. "What do you mean?"

"Giguhl said you wouldn't help find Brooks's friend because you got your panties in a twist on account of the girl being Adam's old flame," she said with her trademark tact.

"Did he now?" I counted each scoop of chicory coffee slowly, hoping it would help keep my temper in check.

"I don't blame you."

I frowned and looked up. "Really?"

She shrugged. "If I found out Giguhl had hidden some whore from his past, I would grill his 'nads over a pit of hot coals." Her golden lips split into a wide smile. "While they were still attached."

"Whore!" The smallest demon, a blue-skinned imp named Gooch, mimicked over a mouthful of bloody meat.

Despite the overly graphic description and the kid's interjection, I maintained a straight face. "In this case, I knew about the girl. I just had a little trouble with the shock of finding out she was in town."

She continued as if I hadn't spoken. "Who knows why men do what they do? They're all savages, really." She reached over and picked up a juicy rib from the pile and began delicately gnawing at it. "Still," she hedged, "I hope you'll change your mind and help my sweet Sticky Buns. He's missed you."

My conscience pinged. "I've missed him, too."

She set down the bone and licked her golden fingers clean. "Just don't get him in any trouble." She looked up slowly. "Or you'll answer to me."

Suddenly I wasn't hungry anymore. Valva was the daughter of Asmodeus and Lilith, the King and Queen of Irkalla, so she had some serious muscle behind her threat. But I wasn't worried about retribution from those deities as much as I was concerned about her just making life at home a nightmare. Or maybe it wasn't the threat ruining my appetite, but the effects of watching the demon babies tear into the carcass. Either way, it was time to get out of that kitchen.

Just then, one of the demonlings toddled away from the table. She was covered in golden scales and bright green fur sprouted between the two black horns on her head. "Auntie Sabina," she cried. Her claws were covered in cow goo, but I didn't complain as she threw herself at my legs.

I patted her little head. "Hi, Lulu," I said, calling her by her nickname. I refused to call her the name her parents had given her.

"Now, now, Auntie Sabina has very important matters to attend to, like ignoring her friends and punishing her lover."

I glared at the Vanity demon. A sharp pain bloomed in my right calf. "Ouch!"

Lulu pulled back with a bloody smile.

"Labya!" Valva cried, rushing forward to grab the kid by her arm. "No bite!"

The child giggled and licked her black lips. "Aunty Sabina tastes like candy!"

Thoroughly creeped out, I all but ran out of the room to go find Adam and Giguhl so we could get this damned wild-goose chase over with.

* * *

In the library, I found Adam on the phone and Giguhl typing away on the computer. The look Adam shot me when I walked in was a visceral reminder of the fun we'd had after our heart-to-heart the night before. I shot him a saucy smile in response and went to join Giguhl at the computer.

"What's shakin', G?"

He used his claws to type something into the computer. "I'm chatting with Brooks. He wants us to come meet him at Zen's shop. He says he's got something to show us."

I sighed. The last thing I wanted was to wade into the sea of humanity clogging Bourbon Street to get to Zen's shop. With the Halloween crowds already taking over the city, the place was going to be a madhouse. "Can't he just tell us what it is over the computer?"

Giguhl shook his head. "Nope. The roommate found Candy's diary. He thought it might help."

Before I could respond, Adam hung up the phone. "That was Rhea," he said. "She's been in touch with Cadence's family, but none of them have heard from her since she left New York." His shoulders dropped. Seeing the defeat in his expression made me feel like an ass. Here I was feeling selfish when he was the one grappling with guilt over leaving the girl. "Rhea did say the last time they knew of Cadence's whereabouts she was in Los Angeles, so chances are good Brooks's waitress really is her."

I went to him and put my arms around him and squeezed. "It's not your fault."

He shrugged. "Yeah, it kind of is. We had problems long before I met you, but I could have broken it off better."

I sighed. "Well, you can apologize to her once we find her."

Both males paused. "Does that mean you're in?" Giguhl asked.

"I'm not totally heartless," I said, filling my tone with plenty of martyrdom. "I'm capable of putting my personal discomfort aside to help Adam's old...friend."

Adam shot me a smile that made me feel like I'd gotten a gold star at life. "Let's head out, then."

* * *

Madame Zenobia's Voodoo Apothecary was housed in a two-story building in the middle of Bourbon Street. While many of the shops in that area were tourist holes, Zen's place was an actual working voodoo emporium run by a bona fide voodoo priestess. Sure, the store got its share of foot traffic from the curious looking to buy a voodoo doll to take home as a souvenir, but the store was the real deal.

Since Halloween was just a couple of nights away, the population of the French Quarter was higher than usual. Instead of flashing to the store and risk being seen materializing out of thin air, we drove. We had to park several blocks away and then walk through the Quarter, weaving our way through the sea of inebriated humanity. When I'd first come to New Orleans, this overwhelmingly vulnerable mass of humans was both a temptation and an annoyance. But now, being in the middle of all that energy put a little extra spring in my step. For a city so focused on the past and so intimate with death, New Orleans was very much alive.

Giguhl, on the other hand, wasn't so enchanted. "This sucks balls," he groused from my arms.

"Ixnay on the talking in publicay," Adam said.

The demon cat hissed in response. You'd figure he'd eventually get used to the fact that he simply couldn't be seen in public in his seven-foot-tall, green-scaled demon form. "Just think of it this way," I said, keeping my eyes forward, "if you couldn't change into the cat body, you'd never be able to leave the house."

"Humph." The pissy feline flexed his claws against the sensitive skin of my inner arm.

"Ass cat."

"Trampire."

"All right, you two," Adam sighed.

I pressed my lips together and sidestepped a drunk coed puking in the gutter outside of Larry Flynt's Hustler Club. I soldiered ahead, determined not to let the demon's bad mood or the specks of puke on my boots ruin my mood. I'd been traveling so much on council business that having a few days to hang out with the old gang in my new hometown felt a little bit like a vacation. Maybe it's twisted and selfish to look at hunting down a drug-addicted mage who may or may not be in major trouble as a lark, but whatever. I never promised to be selfless. I'd only promised to help.

A few moments later, we arrived at Zen's shop. The double doors out front were wide open and a warm glow from inside invited passersby to duck in and explore. And there was plenty to see. Every inch of wall space was filled with masks and shelves full of colorful bottles and gourd rattles and crosses and skulls. The air smelled of dust and dried herbs and something dark and spicy I couldn't begin to identify. When we walked in, a little silver bell rang near the back of the store, where a curtain separated the selling floor from the offices in the back. To the right of that was a staircase that led to the sleeping quarters upstairs and Zen's workshop.

Zen came out from behind the curtain. When she saw us standing there, she whispered something to the girl behind the counter and walked over to join us. Her braided black hair was pulled back into a ponytail. She wore a long, loose gown covered in a batik print. On another woman the dress would have looked frumpy, but she managed to make it look both elegant and earthy. Her face was tense and she didn't waste breath with pleasantries. "Brooks is upstairs." Then she turned on her heel and made her way up the steps, expecting us to follow.

She led us to the second-floor workroom, where she made all of her tinctures, poultices, and gris-gris bags. Drying chicken feet hung alongside bundles of sage and other herbs dried from long lines attached to the ceiling. A long wooden table, glossy and dark with age, bisected the room. Brooks stood on the side opposite the door when we all filed in. In front of him was a thick, leather-bound book, which he closed when we entered. "Where y'at?" His tone lacked the jovial Southern charm it normally contained.

Giguhl leapt off my shoulder onto the table and went to his friend. "How you doing?" He plopped his furless butt right next to the diary. I noticed Zen's eyebrows rise, but she didn't protest the cat tainting her sacred workspace.

Brooks shrugged and pushed his thick black frames higher on his nose. "Worried."

"Is that Cadence's diary?" I asked, ready to get down to business.

"Yeah. I hate to invade her privacy, but it's all we have to go on."

"Did you find anything?" Giguhl prompted.

Brooks nodded. "She had several diaries in her apartment, going back years. This one covers the last four years."

Adam tensed beside me. A quick look in his direction and I realized he was staring at the book in question as if it were a snake. That's when it hit me that the same diary that could help us find her might also contain secrets about her and Adam that he might not want me to know.

Part of me, the side ruled by the demon of bad choices, wanted to grab it and flip back to the time when she and Adam were together. But my more practical angelic side reminded me that picking that particular scab would only lead to unnecessary pain. The old me would have told the angel to take a hike and tackle the Changeling for the diary, but the new me, the one who enjoyed happiness and peace in my life, grabbed her man's hand and squeezed. This was awkward for me, but it had to be hellish for Adam.

He squeezed back and forced a smile before releasing my hand. "So what did you find out?"

Brooks didn't quite meet Adam's gaze. A sure sign he'd read the pages my bad-choices-side wanted to read so much. "For the last couple of weeks, her entries have mentioned the same name repeatedly."

"Well?" Giguhl asked.

"Damascus White."

Oh shit, I thought. "Damascus White, as in the leader of the New Orleans vampire coven?"

Brooks nodded and held up the book. "The weird thing is that even though she's pretty detailed with her entries, whenever she mentions Damascus, she's very sketchy." He opened the diary and read from it. "This entry is dated a week ago. 'Damascus called again. He won't take no for an answer.'"

Adam and I exchanged a look. "Why would the leader of the vampire coven be asking out a mage?" I asked.

"You're assuming a lot," Zen said. "He could have been asking her anything."

I nodded. "True. But still, with his resources, it seems odd he'd resort to asking a mage for help."

"Have you met him?" Brooks asked.

I grimaced and shook my head. "Not formally."

"Wait," Giguhl said. "Does that have something to do with what you said last night about not being on good terms with NOLA's vamps?"

I hesitated before nodding.

Several pairs of judgey glances shot my direction. "What did you do?" Giguhl asked on a sigh.

"It's all because of that time we came here to look for Maisie." My grandmother, Lavinia, had kidnapped my twin sister, Maisie, and brought her to New Orleans a couple of years earlier. Adam, Giguhl, and I had spent a few weeks in the Big Easy looking for Granny Dearest and ended up having a huge battle in a cemetery that ended in her demise. Good riddance. "I guess Damascus took over as the leader after a lot of New Orleans's vampires got recruited by Lavinia and her goons. Apparently we killed several of his friends, though."

Several groans filtered through the room.

"And then when we moved to town permanently, I was so busy trying to get the Dark Races Council up and running that I neglected to set up a meeting with White and he took it as a deliberate snub."

Adam frowned at me. "How do you know all this if you've never met him?"

I shrugged. "Nyx told me. Apparently White went to her to lodge a complaint. She called to tell me about it, but I guess the harm had already been done because when I offered to meet with him, he refused."

"Yep, that sounds like Damascus," Zen said, nodding.

"Wait, you know him?" I asked.

"Of course. Not that it's anything to brag about. He's a real jackass."

One of my favorite things about Zen was she didn't mince words. Plus she was an excellent judge of character. I blew out a resigned breath. "Well, if we want to get to the bottom of this, we're going to have to talk to him. Do you think you could arrange a meeting?" I asked her.

She laughed. "Please. He would never accept an invitation from a human."

"Well," Brooks said, "we definitely need to talk to him. The last entry in Cadence's diary mentions that she finally agreed to meet with him." He looked up. "That was the night before she went missing."

Everyone looked at me expectantly. "Crap. All right. I'll talk to Nyx."

Brooks's face cleared. "Thank you so much, Sabina."

* * *

OCTOBER 29

Nyx agreed to meet me the next night at Muriel's, one of my favorite restaurants in the Quarter. Luckily, she'd decided to stick around town after the council meeting to enjoy the Halloween festivities.

The room the maitre d' put us in held a single table and two walls covered in racks of wine. A third wall held a large window that looked down on Jackson Square and the inky expanse of the Mississippi at night. Down on the street below, revelers were dancing through the streets in costumes with plastic cups of Abita or hurricanes from Pat O'Brien's clasped in their hands.

Nyx looked up as I approached. "How do you think they'd react if they knew monsters like us actually exist?"

I frowned at her pensive tone. "They're all too drunk to care."

I took my seat next to her and ordered a drink from the hovering fae waiter who'd shown me to the table. He was of slight build and had long hair pulled back into a neat queue; most humans wouldn't know he wasn't one of their kind. I only knew he was fae because of the telltale lavender scent rising off his pale skin. I was glad he wasn't a vamp who might report the details of our chat back to Damascus White.

"So," Nyx began, "how was the trip to Europe? I didn't get to ask during that clusterfuck of a council meeting."

I rolled my eyes at the memory of the drama between Queen Maeve and Mike Romulus. "Everything was fine. Just glad to be home for a while. How are things in L.A.?"

She sighed. "I've got some old-school vamps protesting the laws we just passed allowing our race to interbreed with the others."

"Nothing too violent, I hope."

She made a dismissive noise. "Nothing I can't handle. Slade is meeting with some of them this week to try and make them see sense."

I laughed. "If anyone can set them right..." I let that comment drift off. As close as Nyx and I were, the fact she had been with my father and was now sleeping with my ex was still a bit of an awkward topic. Don't get me wrong, I thought she and Slade were perfect for each other, but it was still kind of odd.

The waiter delivered our drinks and proceeded to share that night's specials. We both ordered-two steaks, bloody. Once he was gone, Nyx leaned forward across the table.

"You going to tell me the real reason you asked for this dinner?" she asked. "Not that I don't enjoy your company, but you don't normally go for the girls' night."

I took a sip of my Sazerac. "I need a favor."

"Of course," she said immediately. "Anything."

"I need to set up a meeting with the head of the NOLA coven."

"Damascus White? Why?"

"One of Brooks's friends is missing and we have reason to believe she's been in contact with White recently."

She paused before answering. "You believe he's involved in her disappearance?"

This is where I had to be careful. Even though Nyx and I were good friends, outright accusing one of her own with foul play was not a smart move. "We have no reason to believe he's directly responsible. Just want to see if we can piece together a picture of her activities before she disappeared. Her diary indicated she had a meeting with him. We're hoping he might be able to shed light on what she was into."

"Okay," she said. "I can arrange it for whenever you prefer."

"Sooner the better," I said. "Thanks, Nyx."

She smiled but it didn't reach her eyes. "Just be prepared for him to refuse."

A thin vein of embarrassment wove its way into my voice. "I was kind of hoping you could do some gentle arm twisting if that turned out to be the case."

She laughed. "I see. Well, I can try, but I'm afraid it's not like the old days when your grandmother ran the race."

My grandmother, Lavinia, had been the Alpha female in the triumvirate of vampires who had controlled the race for centuries. She'd led through a combination of violence, cunning, and more violence. Now, the structure of the vampire government was much more democratic, which was a good thing, even if it was damned inconvenient sometimes.

"Just do what you can. I promise to tread lightly with him."

Nyx made a strangled noise that one might mistake for a chuckle. "Just be prepared. You may have to do some groveling."

"We'll see." I pushed down the annoyance that rose at the humor in her tone. Adam's ex had better really be in trouble and not just off on a lark or I was going to kick her ass when we found her.

"Regardless, I wish you luck. If you run into problems, let me know."

Nyx was no slouch when it came to leadership, but the idea I couldn't handle a vampire was a little insulting. I was the granddaughter of the former Alpha Domina of the entire race. Granted, I'd killed her, but still. I'd learned a lot of tricks about bending people to my will from Lavinia Kane. And if that didn't work, I'd just use the charm I'd picked up from the mage side of the family.

I polished off my drink. The sooner we found Cadence, the sooner Adam and I could get her back out of our lives. I wasn't about to let Damascus White throw a wrench in that plan. "Oh, I'm pretty sure he'll be the one with the problems if he refuses to help me."

* * *

OCTOBER 30

As it turned out, the meeting with Damascus White was arranged fairly easily. Word came from Nyx the next day that White wanted to meet that evening at a bar frequented by the fanged and fabulous.

That's how I ended up walking into an Absinthe bar in the French Quarter at half-past midnight the night before Halloween. I would have brought Adam with me, but bringing a mage to a vampire meeting wasn't just foolish-it was dangerous. Even though there was peace among the races, some old-school vampires still saw mages as prey instead of allies.

The front of the bar was filled with late-night revelers who'd stumbled in off Bourbon Street to get their first taste of wormwood liqueur with its cloying anise flavor. The place was done up in ornate Belle Epoque style with thick green silk curtains, gas lanterns along the wall, and vintage lithographs inspired by the work of Jules Cheret and Toulouse-Lautrec. Ornate armchairs and divans provided comfortable resting perches for customers to watch the bartenders conduct the ritual of dripping the bright green liqueur over sugar cubes and adding water from ornate funnels that looked like they belonged in an alchemist's lab.

I passed the bar with a wave to Jean-Paul, the vampire who ran the joint. He was a friend of my old pal Georgia's, who'd moved to Los Angeles to work for Nyx. He jerked his head toward the back to indicate Damascus was already waiting for me upstairs in the Dark Races-only section. The upstairs area was a large open space that led out to a veranda that hung over Bourbon Street. Booths lined the walls, and each could be sealed off from the rest of the room using black velvet curtains. It created an intimate atmosphere that invited the sharing of confidences. Whether Damascus White was in a sharing mood or not remained to be seen.

It didn't take a lot to guess which booth my host inhabited. Two red-headed goons flanked the seams of the only closed curtains in the row of otherwise empty booths. Seeing them, I sort of regretted not bringing an entourage of my own. Not that I felt I needed protection. But vampires were all about displays of power.

One of the vamps stepped up like he thought he'd intimidate me as a warning before I spoke to his leader. I shot a glare that promised painful, fiery death if he so much as breathed on me. He stepped back. Smart of him.

Without much ceremony, I threw open the curtain. Damascus White sat dead center in the back of the booth. The power position. His face betrayed no expression at my arrival. His hair was red, like all vampires, but so dark it was almost black. He was old. Real old. Not as old as some of the vamps I knew in Europe, but old for American vampires.

"Thank you for agreeing to meet with me," I said.

His eyes were gray and too shrewd for me to let my guard down. Those eyes had seen things and missed nothing. He wore a velvet blazer and dark denim jeans that hinted that Damascus, despite all his years, had kept up with the times. "Had Nyx not interceded on your behalf, I would not be here."

"Going through Nyx was merely a formality. If you'd refused, we'd be meeting under much less comfortable circumstances."

He chuckled. "Careful, or I'll show you why they called me the Butcher of Belfast before I came to the States."

I failed to hide my complete lack of awe over his ridiculous nickname. "I'm here about Cadence McShane."

He frowned, as if I'd finally managed to catch him off guard. "Who?"

I smiled tightly. "According to her diary, Cadence was on her way to meet you the night she disappeared."

"Oh," he said with a twitch of his lips. "Her."

"Yeah," I said. "Her. What happened?"

"Never showed." As he took a sip from a glass of blood, I eyed him for signs of lying, but a vampire that old didn't reach his age without knowing how to tell a lie well. "I assumed she'd changed her mind."

"What were you two meeting about?"

His eyes flicked to mine and the corner of his mouth lifted. "Let's not play coy. I had every intention of f**king her and drinking that sweet blood. Not necessarily in that order."

If he'd been trying to get a rise out of me, he failed. Vampires loved mage blood. It was the extra kick of magic. Up until recently, mating between the races was forbidden by all the Dark Races ruling bodies, but since those restrictions had been lifted, there was a lot of interracial hanky-panky going on. Vampires might not respect mages as equals, but that didn't stop them from wanting a piece of their magical action, so to speak. "And when she didn't show, you just let it go? According to her diary, you'd been quite persistent with your pursuit."

"I may be persistent, but I am not desperate. When she didn't show, I decided it was time to focus my affections elsewhere."

My brows rose. "You really expect me to believe that as the leader of a powerful vampire coven you were cool with getting stood up by a mage?"

"You may believe whatever you wish. That won't change the truth. I assure you I am not wanting for blood nor sex partners."

That I didn't doubt. First, he was beyond handsome in that predatory way of many vampires. Second, he was old enough to be a master of seduction. Third, in his position he could just take what he wanted. The question is, did he take Cadence, and if so, why was he hiding her? Or was she even alive?

I pushed aside that thought because I didn't want it to be true. The idea of having to be the one to tell Adam that Cadence was dead was too horrible to contemplate.

Time to try another tact with Damascus. I leaned back and watched him for a few moments. "Where did you and Cadence meet?"

He glanced away and back so fast a lot of people wouldn't have seen it. But I did. "A party."

"Which party?"

He shrugged and shifted in his seat. "Don't recall."

I pinned a pitying expression on my face. "Old age affecting your memory?"

"I am invited to a lot of parties." His reluctance to share the name of his host told me there was gold in this lead. The person who threw the party may not be responsible for Cadence's disappearance, but he or she damn sure knew something Damascus was trying to hide.

"Listen, ass**le, I have been extremely patient thus far. But I assure you that I have reached the bottom of that barrel. It's time to give me the answers I want."

He leaned forward. "Or what? You'll use your special magic on me?"

For an elder vampire like Damascus White, my mage blood meant I was automatically inferior. The fact I was the Chosen, selected by the mother of all the Dark Races to lead her children, didn't matter to this guy. I leaned forward too. With a flash of fangs, I smiled. "I don't need magic to make you bleed."

He smiled then. "Is that a threat?"

"It's a motherfucking promise."

He laughed. "That shit might work on the faeries and weres, but around here it's a declaration of war."

I sighed. "You'd really go to war over a mage? I wonder what your followers would say about that."

He paused.

"Just tell me who hosted the party and you can walk away with your pride intact." He opened his mouth with a sneer, but I held up a hand. "If you refuse, my first step will be to call Nyx and inform her that you need to be removed from your post as coven leader. My second will be to introduce you to my friend, the sun."

I could tell from the spark of fear in his eyes that he'd heard all about how I was able to walk around in the daylight.

"They call him the Reverend."

"Who does?"

"Everyone."

"Vamp?"

He shook his head. "Adamite."

I frowned so hard an ache formed between my brows. "What the hell are you doing going to human parties?"

"The Rev knows all about the Dark Races. We're his best clients."

"Clients?" I asked. "Wait-he's a dealer?"

Damascus nodded.

"Was Cadence there to score drugs?"

He shrugged. "She certainly seemed to be having a good time," he evaded. "So much so that she captured the attention of many appreciative eyes."

"Yours."

He nodded. "And the Rev's."

I nodded, understanding. "You think he might know where to find her?"

He shrugged. "I don't care."

"Where was the party?"

He opened his mouth to lie again. I took my time removing my gun from my jacket. I hadn't wanted this to escalate so fast, but he was seriously wearing on my nerves. "I'd advise you to answer the question."

His eyes narrowed, promising that this was yet another reason he'd keep on considering me his enemy. "Near the Garden District. Lee Circle, I think."

I lowered the gun and scooted out of the booth. "That wasn't so difficult, now, was it?" I stood over him, waiting for the reply.

His lip curled and he looked up at me with the same expression someone might use for a pile of shit. "You're a real bitch, Chosen."

"Damn straight." I smiled. "Bye now."

* * *

I went straight from the bar to Zen's shop. Turned out Brooks had plenty to say about this Reverend guy. "I've seen him around the Quarter. Everyone knows he's bad news. Got a gang of vamp goons to watch his back."

I sat back in a chair in Zen's living room. "Damascus said he's a dealer."

Brooks's eyes darkened. "Kind of. He's more of a pimp, you ask me."

Zen frowned. "Prostitution?"

Brooks shook his head. "He hooks vampires up with drug addicts."

"Shit," I said. "Blood junkies are the worst."

Adam and Giguhl walked in then. I'd called them on the way over and asked them to join me so we could come up with a plan. Adam got one look at my face and obviously realized I had bad news.

"Tell me."

"She's taken up with a group of blood junkies."

Adam's face went pale. "Shit."

"Blood junky?" Giguhl asked.

"Vampires who gets off on drinking blood from drug addicts," I explained. "They get their blood and their drug fix in one."

"And since Cadence is a mage, they'd get a third high from her magic," Giguhl concluded.

"Where is she?" Adam demanded.

I told them what I knew about the house where Damascus had attended the party. Brooks nodded. "I think I know the place." Judging from his tone, we weren't headed to the Four Seasons.

"You guys stay here and I'll go check it out."

Adam cleared his throat and crossed his arms. "Like hell."

"It's not safe, Sabina," Brooks said. "Those vamps she's hanging with? They're ruthless."

I opened my mouth to respond, but Adam spoke up. He looked more pissed off than I'd seen him in a long time. "We'll show them ruthless."

* * *

The old Victorian might have been impressive back in its heyday, but now it looked like something out of a creepy horror film. Three stories of rickety wooden bones with paint peeling like decayed skin. Half the windows sported holes and the others were completely missing. Beer bottles, cigarette butts, and stray animal feces littered the weedy front yard. This place hadn't just been abandoned. It'd been desecrated.

From my vantage point across the street, I could sense some movement inside. Giguhl sat on my shoulder in cat form. "What you picking up, G?" I asked.

He lifted his snoot and sniffed the air. "Besides body odor and the scent of despair? I'm picking up enough dirty copper smell to mean we're dealing with at least six vamps."

"How about you, Mancy? Getting anything?" Adam was on the roof of the house. He'd flashed up there shortly after we arrived. We'd borrowed walkie-talkies from Zen. Brooks was up there with him because he'd claimed, as Cadence's friend, he should be allowed to help.

"Quiet up here."

"Don't go in until G and I are in position."

"Yes, ma'am," he said. I could tell by the tone of his voice he was looking forward to this as much as me. With all the worry and speculation, it was nice to be doing something active. The chance to kick some blood-junky ass felt like a play date in the middle of a shit storm.

"Okay, here's the deal. I'm going to try this the polite way first," I said. Giguhl snorted. Ignoring him, I continued. "If they don't cooperate, we go with Plan B."

"Which is?" Adam said through the speaker.

"Crack some skulls."

"Sounds like my kind of plan."

With that, Giguhl and I made our way across the street. It was late by mortal standards, nearing two in the morning. But I could see dim lights from near the back of the house. As we neared the rickety front steps, I could also hear the occasional bark of laughter or the impact of glass shattering. A radio somewhere deep inside the structure played grating music-the kind preferred by people whose senses were so numbed out by drugs they needed to be overwhelmed to feel anything.

Giguhl shifted on my shoulder, his claws digging into my clavicles. "I have a bad feeling about this joint, Red."

"Drug dens are rarely happy places, G." I rapped my knuckles on the door, putting a little English on it so it would be heard over the racket of the music. After a few moments of pounding, the door flew open.

I stepped back as the odor of urine, vomit, and unwashed bodies blasted me in the face. The vampire who stood before me looked like Iggy Pop, only with faded red hair. The bad hair life wasn't due to needing a salon visit. Instead, the effect of the drugs he was getting from the humans he fed from was leeching all the color from his body. If he'd been human, it would have sucked all the life from him, too, but I wasn't really sure that was worse than an eternity of addiction.

"What the f**k do you want?" he demanded. His lips were ashy and chapped, and his fangs were gray.

"Hi there," I said in my most chipper voice. "The Reverend around?"

He squinted at me, noting the cat on my shoulder. "You the fuzz?"

I tilted my head and smiled. "Any policeman you know walk around with a bald cat?"

He sucked on his rotten teeth. "I thought I might be seein' things."

"Understandable." I waved a hand. "But no. I'm not a cop. The Rev?"

"He ain't here." He started to slam the door, but I caught it.

With a tight smile, I held the door open. "Then maybe you know my friend Cadence? She's about yay big." I mimed a height slightly shorter than mine. "With brown hair and blue eyes."

He smacked his pale lips in disgust before yelling over his shoulder. "Yo, is there a Cadence here?"

A faint voice carried down the stairs. Female. Cadence? I'd never met her, so I didn't recognize the voice, but then I could barely even make out the words. But apparently the drugs hadn't hurt Iggy's hearing.

"Who wants to know?" he echoed the shouted question.

"Sabina," I said with patience.

Iggy screamed my name up the stairs. A few seconds later, he cocked his head to listen. Then, with a resolute nod, he slammed the door in my face.

"Well, that's that, then," I said. I spoke into the walkie-talkie. "We're a go. In three...two..."

Bam! I kicked in the door with my heel. Luckily I'd traded my stiletto boots for the more practical, low-heeled variety or the move might have broken my ankle.

I expected a flurry of reaction-bodies flying, screams, the usual. Instead, Giguhl and I barreled into the foyer and found it totally empty. With my gun drawn, I rushed toward the back of the house. Here and there, vampires lay on the floor like blinking, languid cats in pools of sunshine. Only it was nighttime, the pools were yellow but definitely not caused by the sun, and something stronger than catnip had those dudes tweaking.

I'd often wondered why vampire drug addicts didn't cut out the middle man and just insert the drug of choice directly into their own veins or lungs or whatever. But I guess something about the narcotics mixed with blood made the effects stronger. Regardless, a vampire junky is just about as uncomfortable to be around as a human one, only vampire junkies have the added bonus of predatory instincts, superhuman strength, and immortality to go along with their need for speed, as it were.

When no one so much as gasped at our entrance, I figured we were safe heading upstairs to try and meet up with Adam and Brooks. None of these lazy sons-a-bitches was capable of a rear attack.

"Put me down, Red," Giguhl whispered.

"Trust me when I tell you, you do not want your bare paws touching these floors." Each step I took was accompanied by a wet sucking sound as my soles struggled to free themselves of the sticky human stew covering the rotten wooden planks. "Just hold tight and keep your eye peeled for Cadence."

When we reached the top of the steps, Adam was just reaching the same level, only from the attic. He looked around, eyes wide. "Remind me to shower in rubbing alcohol when we get back."

"I'll get your back for you," Brooks said, patting the mage's shoulder.

Adam rolled his eyes but a smile flirted with the corners of his mouth. "Let's split up. You guys take the two rooms at the front of the house. Brooks and I will get the rear."

I nodded and took off toward the first room I came across-a bedroom, filled with filthy bodies. In the corner, two lumps grunted under a ratty blanket. Junkies needed love, too, I guess. With a sigh, I realized that, just like downstairs, the inhabitants were a mix of human and vampire-no mage in sight.

"Cadence?" Giguhl whisper-yelled. I thought about correcting him. After all, he was usually under strict orders to keep his trap shut in cat form. But I would bet cash money this was not the first time many of these people had witnessed a talking, hairless demon cat. The only difference was this one wasn't a figment of their scrambled minds.

A groan made my ears perk up. Over in the corner, I saw a flash of dirty brown hair-instead of vampire red-as a person rolled over. Was that a random vampire moving in her sleep or Cadence trying to stay hidden? No choice but to wade through and see.

I tiptoed through the garden of junkies, picking my way gingerly lest I step on a hand or a foot or a needle still attached to a vein. Finally, I was close enough to see my target in the corner. Nope, not Cadence. Not even female, as it turned out. Although, to my credit, it was pretty hard to tell. Everywhere I looked, there were bodies emaciated to the point of androgyny.

"Do you see her?" Giguhl whispered.

I shook my head. "Let's try the other room."

I expected more of the same in the next room. However, when I opened the door, I realized I'd stumbled onto the main feeding room. While the areas I'd witnessed so far seemed to be the lounging spaces, this place was where the real action happened. Iggy was there, sitting in the corner, feeding off a teenaged boy-probably a runaway. If the rude vamp noticed us, he didn't show it. Instead, his eyes rolled back in his head, showing nothing but the whites as the drugs from the teen's blood hit his own bloodstream.

I dismissed that pitiful scene because something far more interesting demanded my attention. A female vampire bent over a female's neck and eagerly slurped at the bloody wound. "Cadence?" I said carefully.

The female vamp's head jerked up. Her fangs and chin were covered in red and her eyes were dilated full black. The girl between her legs looked up more slowly, but the instant those two hopeless blue eyes met mine, I knew we'd found our girl.

"Cadence." Louder now. Not a request for attention. A demand.

Unlike the other inhabitants of the house, Cadence looked relatively healthy. Her skin wasn't covered in scabs and her body hadn't begun to waste away into a heroin skeleton. But her arms were covered in alternating needle tracks and fang marks. And those eyes were too haunted.

"I told you to leave," Iggy said from across the room.

"I know." I kept my eyes on Cadence. "I'm not a very good listener."

Slowly, the vampire straddling Cadence pulled back. She didn't bother to wipe the blood from her face.

She flashed her gray fangs and growled, "No one wants you here."

I speared the junkie with a glare that would have made a sober being think twice about crossing me. With casual slowness, I raised my gun and pointed it between her black-hole eyes. "Get the f**k out of here before I deliver something even more toxic than smack to your system."

She laughed, the sound not unlike an ass's bray. "You stupid bitch. Bullets won't hurt me." She spread her arms wide, as if daring me to shoot her.

"You're right. The bullets won't hurt you until the apple cider embedded in their core takes effect."

Her eyes widened. Apples were vampire Kryptonite. It went back to the origins of our race in the Garden of Eden and Eve's apple, which robbed humans of their mortality. Since Lilith, the mother of our race, had already fled the garden by then, she'd remained immortal. As her children, vampires were also immortal-unless their blood was exposed to the forbidden fruit.

The vampiress shot a worried glance at Iggy. His face morphed into a pained expression. Apparently this was all too taxing for his system.

The vampiress grew bored waiting for his reply and clapped her hands together. Sparks flashed between her fingers. "I'll zap you before the bullet leaves the barrel." She'd been drinking mage blood, which meant she could do rudimentary magic. But she couldn't control the power enough to be a real threat, and besides, I was a motherfucking Chthonic demigoddess.

Before I could inform her of this fact, a throat cleared. I turned to see Adam standing behind us. "If you don't leave right now, that bullet will be the least of your f**king problems." He raised his hands. An arc of bright blue power flashed from his fingers to hit a chandelier overhead. The next instant the light fixture crashed down in a spray of crystal and metal not a foot from where the vamp-bitch stood.

After that, she was nothing but a blur of red as she fled past us. Iggy followed, hot on her tail.

I hoped she would wise up enough to just remain scarce until we left, but as tweaked as she was, she'd probably shamble back with reinforcements.

Adam rushed across the room, where a shell-shocked Cadence remained on the floor. If the altercation with the vampire had scared her, she didn't show it. In fact, when Adam reached for her, she scrambled away, albeit sluggishly. "Don't touch me!"

"Cadence, it's me-Adam."

"I know who you are," she hissed. "Get out! I have nothing to say to you."

"I have plenty to say. Later. In the meantime, we're leaving."

"Not me," she said. Her tone was languorous and thick. "But you're welcome to go."

A gasp sounded from the doorway. I rounded and saw Brooks try to rush in just before Adam restrained him.

"Candy!" Tears ran down Brooks's face. "What are you doing to yourself? Listen to Adam. It's time to leave, baby girl."

She licked her lips and shot Adam an angry glance. "I can't believe you brought Brooks here."

"I can't believe you brought yourself here. What the f**k, Cadence?"

Cadence pulled herself into a standing position with unsteady movements. "Take your judgment and get the f**k out, Adam."

See, this was where things were going to get hairy. No one, but no one, talked to my male that way. Especially not junky ex-girlfriends we'd risked our necks to save. My first instinct was to forcibly remove her from the house, but given her anger and the drugs skewing her judgment, chances were good one or the both of us would get seriously injured. I tensed with indecision but quickly received a nudge from the demon cat on my shoulder.

"Let him handle it," the cat hissed in a low tone.

"I know you're angry," I said in a calm voice. "But you're not punishing anyone but yourself."

Her eyes snapped toward me. "Who the f**k are you?"

My mouth fell open. I shouldn't have been surprised she didn't know me, but I was. Before I could tell her, Adam stepped between us, blocking me from her sight. "Don't worry about her right now."

My eyes narrowed.

"Let me take you out of here," he said in his most persuasive tone. Then he whispered things I couldn't hear.

I clenched my fists and tried to remind myself he was just trying to get her to agree. Still, it wasn't easy to watch.

"It hurts, Adam." Her voice wobbled. "I just don't want to hurt anymore."

He nodded and took a cautious step forward. "I know it does." When she didn't balk at his advance, he took a couple more steps. "But I'm here because I care about you. Let me help you."

"You can't help me." Her words were thick, like her tongue had swollen to twice its normal size. "No one can." She swayed on her feet.

Adam rushed forward to grab her. She tried to fight off his assistance but stumbled into his arms instead. I stood nearby feeling helpless. She thought drugs could erase her pain, but she was wrong. Only time and getting real with yourself could heal emotional wounds.

Cadence sobbed into Adam's chest. He patted her back and murmured soothing words, but his gaze was on me. He raised his brows to ask what our next move was.

"What the f**k is going on in here?" a male voice boomed from the doorway.

I turned slowly to see a man standing in the doorway with a small army of vampire tweakers behind him. He wore the collar of a holy man, but the long bleached hair, blue jeans, and crocodile boots ruined the pious look of the ensemble.

"The Reverend, I presume," said Giguhl from my shoulder.

"That or someone's dressed up for a Halloween party," Brooks said.

"Which is it, mister?" I tilted my head. "That a shitty costume or are you really the Reverend?"

If hearing a cat talk shocked the human, he didn't show it. He tossed his long hair and sneered. "Who the f**k's askin'?"

"Who we are is less important than why we're here," I said.

Behind me, I felt magic rising on the air as Adam prepared for a showdown. I hoped it wouldn't come to that, but I was also prepared to cut through those junkies like a needle through a vein.

"Well?" the Rev asked.

"We've come to get our friend."

The Reverend's eyes narrowed. "By whose authority?"

I pulled my gun out and pointed it at him. "Smith and Wesson's."

He laughed and removed a gun from the hollowed-out Bible in his hands. "They're gonna have to take it up with my old friend Mr. Glock."

I sighed. "Look, ass**le, you've got a lot of junkies there, but I've got two mages, a Changeling, and a demon with me."

"And what are you?" he said, sounding unimpressed to be facing down a bunch of dark race badasses. "Some kind of mixed-blood?" He spat the term out with enough venom to tell me he was acquainted with dark race politics. Mixed-bloods were the lowest of the low up until the leaders revoked the law forbidding interracial mating. Unfortunately, he wasn't as well versed as he thought if he didn't realize who I was.

I smiled. "My name is Sabina Kane-maybe you've heard of me?" He didn't look impressed, but I wasn't done. "And all you need to know about me is I have an itchy trigger finger."

"And if I were you, I'd be worried about the call I made to Damascus White just after I was alerted to your intrusion."

The sounds of screeching brakes sounded from out front.

I frowned at him. "You work for Damascus White?"

The Rev shook his head. "We're business partners."

"Ah," I said, "he gives you protection in exchange for a cut of the blood money you get for pimping addicts to vamps?"

The Reverend smiled in a way that reminded me more of the Devil than a man of the cloth. "Yes, ma'am."

If Damascus White really was behind the Reverend's operation, he'd likely arrive with a lot of goons, like those he'd had with him the other night. Which meant things were about to get really fangy and unpleasant.

"Why would Damascus White tell Sabina about this place if he's the one behind the operation?" Adam said.

"Probably assumed the girl would be dead and dumped before you got here."

"Why would he assume that?" Adam demanded, his voice edged with acid.

The Rev shrugged. "Because he called me right after your meeting and asked me to kill her before you came snooping around." He frowned at me. "Which would have worked if you hadn't moved so fast."

Anger boiled in my midsection. I'd known Damascus White was dirty, but he'd managed to fool me into believing he wasn't involved. "Sorry to f**k up your plan, but we're taking her with us."

"Sabina, we should go," Brooks said, his voice high with panic. The Changeling was more a lover than a fighter.

"Not just yet," I said. "I'd like a few words with Mr. White first."

I started to step toward the door, but Adam's voice rang out like a shot. "Stand down, Red. We're leaving. You can deal with Damascus later."

"Bullshit." I rounded on him. "They can't just-"

Adam's gaze was hot as he stared me down. "We can't risk it. She needs help now!" He glanced down at Cadence, who was passed out in his arms. A rivulet of blood dripped down her throat.

Before I could answer, several things happened at once. Giguhl shouted something, and at the same time, a loud bang split the air. Searing heat exploded in my shoulder. I looked down to see blood blooming under my white tank top.

"Ouch! Godsdammit!" I shouted. "This is my favorite shirt."

The Reverend's expression morphed from satisfied to terrified. "But...but why aren't you dead? That was an apple cider bullet."

I smiled wide enough to flaunt my fangs. "I'm a demigoddess, dumbass." I marched forward and grabbed the gun from his hand. "Fuck!"

The good news was I was fine, except for the searing pain to both my shoulder and my pride. The bad news was, the gunshot spurred Damascus and his goons to speed up their entry. The front door crashed open, quickly followed by the sounds of boots on stairs. "We've got to go, Red!" Adam yelled.

I realized then that if we tried to fight our way out of the drug den, we'd all be leaving with more holes than we entered with. No, walking out wasn't an option. That left-

"Circle up!" I coldcocked the Reverend in the face with the butt of his own gun. His eyes rolled back in his head and he collapsed in a heap. Behind him, the junkies slunk away like rats deserting a sinking ship.

I adjusted Giguhl on my shoulder and moved in at the same time Damascus appeared in the doorway. His gaze hit mine like a punch. My hand itched to challenge the son of a bitch. But my instinct to fight was overridden by the stronger desire to ensure the safety of the beings I cared about. "Hold on, everyone!"

Just as Damascus ran toward our small group, the vortex rose and we disappeared. His voice followed us into the void. "This isn't over!"

He was right about that much, but his comeuppance would have to wait until Cadence was stable. Dammit.

* * *

When we got back to Zen's shop, we materialized in her sitting room. The voodooienne was elsewhere, so I sent Giguhl off to find her. Meanwhile, Adam carried Cadence's weight to the sofa. She was in and out of consciousness. I preferred her passed out because consciousness brought with it angry sobs that wracked her whole body.

While Brooks knelt next to Cadence and covered her with a blanket, I pulled Adam aside.

He blew out a long breath. "Gods, she's in bad shape."

"No shit," I said. "Let's hope Zen's got the patience to get her through the detox."

He frowned at me. "She's a mage. It shouldn't take as long to get the junk out of her system."

I sighed. "It won't take long, but it's more extreme than what humans go through because of the speed."

As if on cue, Cadence started retching. Brooks yelped and leapt back. Thinking quickly, I grabbed a nearby trash can and swooped it under her face just in time for the projectile vomiting to begin. The mixture was a pungent slurry of puke and black bile.

It was at that moment that Zen and Giguhl ran into the room. "What the hell?" the voodoo priestess demanded.

"Her body's ridding itself of the drugs," I said, trying to avoid the splash zone.

Giguhl cringed back. "It smells like Satan's taint!"

Zen disappeared into the kitchen off the salon and soon the sound of running water reached us over the noise of Cadence's heaves.

Brooks whimpered and moved restlessly from foot to foot, clearly not sure how to help. Over her shoulder Zen said, "Brooks, go get the ginger root from my workroom."

The Changeling hesitated. But Zen shot Giguhl a look that communicated it was his job to get the faery out of the way. "C'mon," the demon cat said. "I'll help you."

Reluctantly, the faery picked up the cat and the pair exited. I moved closer now that the area around the couch had cleared out. "Ginger root isn't going to help with this nausea."

The priestess rubbed Cadence's back and nodded absently. "Yeah, I don't have any in the workroom anyway."

"Then why-" I stopped myself, realizing she'd just been trying to get rid of the audience. "Actually, why don't Adam and I go see if we can help them, too?"

Zen shot me a grateful look. "Thanks, Sabina."

With one last look at Cadence's pale, sweat-covered face, I grabbed Adam's arm and pushed him out the door. Zen might have thought I was just trying to give Cadence some privacy, but honestly, I was having some trouble being in the room. The smell alone was bad enough, but worse was seeing Cadence so weak and pitiful. It's not that I didn't feel bad for her, but being around that kind of vulnerability always made me edgy.

* * *

OCTOBER 31-Halloween

On Halloween afternoon, the news ran a story about how the old Breaux mansion on Lee Circle mysteriously burned to the ground overnight. When the anchors began speculating about the cause, I turned off the TV and went to join Giguhl on the couch. He was back in his demon form since we were in Zen's private living quarters. So when he looked at me, his black lips and goat-pupil eyes flashed a worried expression.

"Was it him?" He nodded to the door.

I nodded but didn't say anything. Adam had left just before sunrise claiming he needed some time alone. He'd returned a couple hours earlier without a word and resumed his vigil by Cadence's side.

On the one hand I totally got it. The things going down in that house were downright evil. It couldn't have been easy to see the woman he once wanted to spend his life with being used by vampires looking for a fix. But on the other hand-well, I'm not proud of the other hand. That hand was wondering if seeing her in that situation had woken up some latent feelings for his former love. The kind that made him commit wildly romantic gestures.

He's never burned down a crack den for me, I thought.

"Don't be an idiot," Giguhl said.

I paused. I knew I hadn't said anything out loud. "What?"

"I can tell your brain is going places it best not go. That Mancy loves you more than anything in this world. Don't let jealousy make you do some stupid thing."

I crossed my arms. "I'm not an idiot."

"Sure you are."

"Thanks, G."

He nudged me with his shoulder. "Sabina, we're all idiots when it comes to love. Trust me, if one of Valva's exes showed up, you would see me do some epically ridiculous shit. And if that happened, I would also hope you could smack me around a little and remind me to get a grip."

I pressed my lips together. "Maybe you're right."

"Um, hello? I'm wise as shit. You should totally listen to me all the time."

I shot him a look.

He frowned. "Most of the time, anyway."

I nodded. "Sometimes you do drop some epic truths on my ass."

"Damn straight."

I sighed. "Okay, so I won't go all psycho girlfriend here, but I still feel like shit."

"Understandable," my best friend said. "But you shouldn't take that out on Adam. You should take it out on Damascus White."

I smiled, appreciating him trying to point out the positives. "Thanks for trying to cheer me up, but I'm afraid that honor will fall to Nyx since she appointed him." I'd called her the minute we'd gotten Cadence stable. She'd insisted I stay out of it to keep the peace among the races. Since he worked for her, it was up to her to deliver punishment.

"Maybe she'll let us help torture him a little," he said, still sounding hopeful.

I sighed. "A girl can dream. It's been a long time since I got to kick some serious ass."

What I didn't say was that part of me was relieved not to have to deal with Damascus. For once it was nice to let someone else deal with a clusterfuck. I still wanted Damascus to pay for what he'd done to Cadence and gods only knew how many other innocent people, but I trusted Nyx to deliver swift and potent retribution.

My cell phone rang and the screen told me it was Queen Maeve calling. I groaned out loud. I considered ignoring it, but I'd basically threatened her to give me an answer on the were issue before Samhain or I'd crack some metaphorical skulls. "Hey, Maeve."

She made a squeaky noise to indicate her displeasure over my informal address. "Sabina," she said in a sour tone, "I have Michael Romulus conferenced in."

"Sabina," the werewolf said in his deep voice.

"Does the fact that you're both calling mean you've reached an agreement?"

"Yes," Maeve said. Michael made an assenting tone to support her answer.

My shoulders lowered from beneath my ears. I hadn't realized until that moment how much I longed for good news. "That's great."

"There's just one little addendum," Michael continued in a more hesitant tone. "We'll need your approval to move forward with it."

My high hopes began to plummet. "What is it?"

"I will only sign the treaty if there's a section added forbidding mating between fae and weres in my territory," Maeve stated in an imperious tone.

My mouth fell open. "Maeve, that flies in the face of all the progress we've made in tearing down those old walls."

"As it happens, I agree with her," Michael cut in. "Our race has struggled too long to keep our population strong and pure to begin diluting it with weak fae blood."

Maeve made an annoyed sound and added, "And my court has maintained its purity for millennia. It would be a shame to taint it with such primitive genes."

I sighed. "And if I refuse to allow the addendum?"

"Then I will refuse to allow the migration of any and all were packs into my lands."

My shoulders fell. As much as I wanted to promote a more accepting attitude among the Dark Races for mixed-bloods, it took a long time to change thinking on such ingrained attitudes. "I'm not happy with this at all. Changing the rules again so soon might encourage rebellion, especially among the younger members of your races." I sighed and bit the bullet. "But if this is the only way to reach a peaceful conclusion to negotiations, I'll allow it."

"Really?" Maeve said, her tone shocked.

"You didn't think I'd agree?"

"Not really." She sounded deflated, as if this addendum had been a ploy to make me refuse the agreement.

"Have your people write up the documents and we'll sign them at next month's session. I just hope this won't come back to bite both of you in the ass." After that, I got off the phone fast before I ranted at both of them and rescinded my approval. Sometimes dealing with dark race leaders was more frustrating than corralling Giguhl's kids.

Just then, Adam opened the door from inside the workroom. He scrubbed a hand through his hair, but he didn't look as hopeless as he had earlier. "She's awake."

We all stood and I went to Adam. I gave him a hug, and the minute his arms came around me and I sniffed his sandalwood scent, I knew I'd been an idiot. This man was mine and I was his. "How are you?"

"I've been less shitty, but I'll live."

"Can we go see her?" Brooks said from the doorway. I guess he'd heard us talking from down the hall.

Adam nodded. "She was asking for you."

Brooks didn't need any further prompting. He practically ran across the room. Giguhl followed closely behind. Adam and I followed more slowly. When I crossed the threshold, I couldn't see around Giguhl's massive shoulders. Zen's voice rose above the crowd, reminding everyone to take it easy because Cadence had been through a lot. A quieter female voice responded to Brooks in whispers.

I pushed past Giguhl and pulled up next to Brooks. Cadence broke off and looked up at me. Her eyes were wide and I could tell she was nervous. But she looked fifty times better than she had when we pulled her out of that house. Her hair was long and brown with gold highlights. Her eyes were a bright, clear blue and her complexion was getting some glow back. The only sign of her ordeal were the large bandages on her wrists and throat.

As much as I hated to admit it, I totally saw what attracted Adam to her. She had a classic, unthreatening beauty that a lot of men went for. But I also saw the shadows in her eyes. The ones that hinted at deep pain in her life. Of hard lessons and a lack of love. I recognized those shadows because I had them, too.

I glanced back at Adam. Maybe he was attracted to troubled women, I realized with a jolt. But I pushed that thought aside. Everyone has shadows. It's just, well, some of us have a harder time of disguising them. Turning back to the girl in the bed, I tried to smile.

"Hi," Cadence said.

I waved lamely. "Hey."

"You're Sabina, right?" Her eyes flicked behind me, toward where Adam stood close to my back.

I nodded and swallowed. Why was I nervous? "I'm glad you're all right," I mumbled for lack of anything brilliant to say.

The corner of her mouth lifted like I'd made a joke. "Thank you." The gratitude was offered so easily and genuinely that I couldn't continue to hold on to the negative feelings toward her I'd been trying to cling to. "Adam's told me all about you. I'm"-she heaved a shaky sigh-"I'm glad he's happy. You've been good for him."

I frowned. It never occurred to me that they'd be talking about me in the room all that time. I shot my Mancy a smile. "He's been good for me, too." I turned back to Cadence. "And I'm glad you're all right. You had all of us worried."

Her gaze hit the floor. "I know you won't believe me, but I wasn't using. At least, not before the Rev took me."

"What happened that night?" Brooks said, his voice careful.

She swallowed hard. "Damascus had been after me to meet him for a date. But when I got there, the Reverend was waiting instead. He tried to get me to go with him, but when I refused he-" She cut off and shuddered. Brooks patted her hand. "He shot me full of smack."

She paused, as if trying to collect her thoughts. "Next thing I remember is waking up in that house. They kept me so drugged I didn't even know how many days had passed before you guys arrived." She began to shake uncontrollably. "Thank the gods you found me. I was so-" She shook her head and started crying.

My heart sank for her. I had no idea how she'd recover from the wounds she'd suffered in that hellhole. But looking around the room, I thought maybe Cadence had more friends than she realized.

A throat cleared behind me. I turned to see Erron in the doorway. He wore huge, dark sunglasses that hinted at a bender the night before. "You're still alive!" I teased, referring to the prediction his bassist had made about his heart stopping.

"So far, so good." A line formed between his brows. "Weird, though, because Rocco is usually dead on with his predictions."

Giguhl came to join us by the door. He and Erron high-fived. "Isn't your show tonight?"

"I just came from the sound check. Brooks called to say you found your friend, so I wanted to stop in."

I nodded and turned to motion toward Cadence. Before I could say anything, though, Erron froze. I looked from him toward where Cadence lay in the bed. Her tear-stained face was a mask of shock, too.

"Um...?" I said.

Erron jerked out of stillness with a gasp and his hand went to his chest. "Ow."

"Dude, are you okay?" Giguhl whispered.

At that point, Brooks, Zen, and Adam had all clued in that something was going down. While Zen rushed to Erron to check on him, I kept my eyes on Cadence. She didn't look worried about Erron's health. Instead, she tilted her head and met his gaze across the room. The clouds behind her eyes cleared and a small, mysterious smile tilted up the corner of her mouth. "Oh," she whispered, "it's you."

Erron pushed Zen and Giguhl away with a muttered, "I'm fine." He took a couple of steps toward Cadence, his hand still on his heart. "Do I know you?" he asked.

She shook her head. "I'm Cadence."

"Erron," he said dumbly.

That's when I realized what was going on. Erron's bandmate hadn't seen the singer's death. He'd seen that Erron was going to meet a special someone who made his heart stop.

Cadence held out her hand, as if it were the most natural and normal thing in the world to reach for a man you'd only just met. While the rest of us looked on, flabbergasted, Erron walked directly toward her, took her hands in his, and leaned over to kiss them. "I think-" he began, and cut off.

Cadence smiled, the expression making her look younger. "Don't think," she said. "Sit."

With a look I can only describe as shell-shocked, Erron Zorn, lead singer of The Foreskins, Recreant mage, and all-around bad boy dropped onto the bed and gazed at Cadence McShane like she was his own personal goddess.

The room fell awkwardly silent for a few beats before Zen took control. "All right, everyone. Let's give her a chance to rest."

Giguhl, Brooks, and Adam filed out as instructed, each looking more confused than the last. I turned to go just as Erron started to stand.

"No," Cadence said, "you're staying."

Zen covered her smile with a hand and came to guide me out the door. Just before the panel closed, I saw a look of such uncomplicated connection pass between them that my eyes got a little misty.

When I turned away from the door, I found the hallway empty. I passed the living area and saw Brooks, Zen, and Giguhl chatting away and making a meal. "Where's Adam?" I asked.

Giguhl shrugged. "Said he needed some fresh air."

I paused and glanced toward the stairs. Adam had been through a lot in the last twenty-four hours. First, having to see Cadence in that drug den and then helping her through the horrible detox. And after all that, witnessing her and Erron Zorn fall under each other's spell like that.

Talk about an ass-kick of a night.

I found him leaning against a lamppost just in front of the store on Bourbon Street. The crowd was thick as the annual Halloween parades crawled through the French Quarter. Beads and candy flew through the air, and every sense was assaulted by color and light and music and screams and the scent of spilled beer and the turned-soil-and-blood scent of humanity. Normally, I would have enjoyed the sensory overload, but that night it felt...too much.

On one side of Adam was a man in a werewolf costume; a woman in faery wings stood on the other. I nudged Tinkerbell aside and put my arms around Adam. "You okay?" I whispered.

His arms came around me, and instead of answering, he kissed me with a passion that robbed me of breath and left me dizzy. When he finally pulled away, he was smiling. I blew out a breath. "What was that for?"

He put his forehead against mine. "I was just remembering the first time I saw you."

I laughed. "In that bar in Los Angeles."

He nodded. "I fell in love with you at that moment."

I shook my head at him. "While you watched me kill that guy?"

He kissed me again, too quickly for my liking. "No. The second you strutted in looking for a fight. I thought, 'There she is.' And you know what?"

"What?" I whispered.

"I was right. The minute I saw you, there was never a chance I'd ever settle for another woman." He glanced back toward Zen's building. "If I had to guess, that's exactly what Erron just felt in there."

I chose my words carefully. "So you're not upset?"

"About Erron and Cadence?" He chuckled. "Hell no. I'm relieved. I've felt guilty for a long time about breaking things off with her." I must have betrayed some emotion on my face because he caught my hand and squeezed. "Guilt isn't the same thing as regretting it being over. We didn't belong together. I just hated to know she was hurting. But now?" He took a deep breath. "I think she has a lot of work to do to get her life on track, but it's headed in the right direction."

I smiled at him. "You're a good male, Mancy."

He leaned forward and pressed a quick kiss to my lips. "I'm best when I'm with you."

Now my eyes really did sting with tears. Maybe it was the exhaustion or the emotional stress, or maybe it was simply relief of being reminded that what we had was as real as I'd hoped it was. To dispel the tears, I glanced around at the celebrations surrounding us on all sides. After a couple of seconds, I realized something. "You know, it was on another Halloween that we finally admitted our feelings for each other."

He smiled the same smile that had made me fall for him. "That year was the best trick-or-treat ever."

I raised a brow. "How are we going to top it this year?"

With a wicked smile, he caught a handful of beads and candy from the air. "Depends on what you're willing to do to earn these." His expression took on a particularly roguish tilt.

And with that, Adam and I flashed out from the middle of the parade, for once not caring who witnessed our magical exit.

What started out as a crappy week had turned out to be one of the best Halloweens ever. A night when the lines between monsters and men were nonexistent. A night when the most hopeless beings could find a light in the darkest shadows. And it for damn sure was a night to believe that sometimes even monsters deserved happy endings.

