Chapter One

August 1, 2012

Sex Education.

No matter your age (sixteen or nineteen), or what school you attended (Commoner or Mystical), this class was still "are you kidding me" worthy. Knowing this as fact wasn't difficult because I had endured Com schools from kindergarten through to my high school graduation. Even so, because of my switch to a Mys school, and because Law dictated Mysticals weren't adults until they were twenty-two, I was currently one of the few sophomores at King Hall University slinking down on my seat as Mr. Busk - or, Mr. Beak, as I "intellectually" called him - strolled in front of me, dropping two condoms on my desktop.

Mine wasn't the only lucky desk he added this stunning addition to. He placed two condoms on everyone's desk. To add insult to injury, Mrs. Fowler - I had no mental nickname for her because I actually liked her - lifted a basket and began placing an extra-enormous banana and a normal sized banana on each person's desk.

Rambling to the front of the room, Mrs. Fowler sat the basket on her desk and dug into it. She cleared her throat, lifting an extra-large banana high into the air. "Mysticals are naturally more endowed than Commoners." With her other hand, she raised a regular sized banana, holding them side-by-side. Point made.

"In review of last year, and in case you go against our teachings," the entire class got the hairy eyeball, "abstinence, if you've already forgotten," a look at the bananas in her hands, "you need to be prepared for the variation of sizes." She used the huge banana to point at the regular one. "Just because it's smaller doesn't mean you won't contract a germ." Her glare encompassed everyone. With restrained silence weighing heavily, Mrs. Fowler's hand flicked: a silent order to commence the condom application.

I bit my lip to keep from laughing, since Mys were known for their...friendliness. Plus, she had called it a germ. While diseases couldn't touch us in any serious way, a Com STD did give us flu-like symptoms for two weeks if one was contracted from them, instead of the lifelong consequences (or possible death) Coms would face.

Last year, we even had the pleasure to view the videos, and snapshots, of these Com diseases. Fun times were had by all. I hadn't eaten for two days straight after those horrific shots. Did parents seriously know their "kid's" teachers were showing X-rated pictures with disgusting and disturbing things wrong with Com private parts?

I was betting "no".

Elly sat to my right, lifting her smaller banana, her white eyebrows raised. "You really think Coms are this size?"

My lips twitched. "Sometimes smaller."

Elly's already raised brows shot to her identical white hairline. "How do you know that?" She paused before her mouth widened into an 'O'. "Lily, you've been holding out on me!" Of course, this comment earned attention from others and she leaned closer. "Who was he?"

I slunk down further while most stared. "Just some Com I saw at a party once. I didn't do anything with him. He was busy doing it with someone else." I barely held back a sigh of relief as my classmates went back to their project when they heard I didn't have anything impressive to say.

Elly's short white curls hung over one of her eyes, and she brushed it away impatiently, flashing her pink-painted fingernails. She waggled the regular banana. "They're really smaller than this?"

I shrugged, lifting the first condom packet when Mr. Busk walked by my desk, watching me. "Probably not all Coms, but the guy I saw would have loved being that big."

Elly's face fell for a moment before she glanced away, lowering the slighter banana with a nod and grabbing one of her own condom packets. Elly wasn't a virgin - I seriously doubted that anyone in my class would be, being nineteen-year-olds - and friendly, so she expertly put the larger condom on the larger banana. Her hand hovered over the smaller packet and I began to wonder why, but my train of thought was interrupted when Mrs. Fowler asked loudly from the front of the room, "Is there a problem, Ms. Ruckler?"

My attention snapped to her. "No. No problem." If her blue eyes weren't watching kindly from her crinkled face, I might have been tempted to have her put the stupid condoms on my gifted bananas herself. Glancing away, I opened the condom packet and peeked at the clock. It was only my first hour of classes back from our month of summer vacation and already I couldn't wait for it to be over.

I barely kept my eyes open as I listened to Mrs. Fowler and Mr. Busk drone on for another thirty minutes. Finally, the clock ticked its last round. Everyone jumped from their seats, a few of the guys finishing the remains of their bananas, which they had no issues about eating even after condoms being on the peeals, and Mrs. Fowler harped, "Don't forget! Abstinence is the key against germs!"

I snorted as I bustled to the door. They should be teaching that alcohol made you forget about abstinence, losing all inhibitions, instead of harping about it to my overly friendly classmates. Not that I was against alcohol consumption, seeing as my first drunken encounter resulted in the delicious man now leaning against the wall outside the classroom. My heart warmed as I glided to a stop in front of him. I hummed quietly, "Miss me already?"

Dominic pushed off the wall, aligning our bodies. Towering over me at six feet, five inches, I had to tilt my head back to stare into his fathomless dark eyes. His Prodigy wolf emblem ring glittered on his thumb as he lifted his hand, cupping my cheek gently. His words were soft. "What do you think?"

Scrunching my nose, I rolled my shoulders, glancing at the fashionably attired women and men gossiping. "They're all staring." Again.

Dominic dipped, his smooth black hair brushing his strong cheekbones as he nuzzled his face against the crook of my neck, kissing it lightly. Barely breathing, he spoke words only for my ears, no Vampires. "They're only jealous."

Yeah, that was what I was afraid of. The Shifter women were glaring under their perfect lashes, and if this hands-off hostility was all I would have to endure, I would be doing well. "We should have leaked the news of our mating this summer."

"Our friends knew."

"It wasn't enough."

Dominic sighed quietly, his warm breath rushing against the tender flesh of my neck, his sweet lips caressing once more. "The assembly will take their minds off it." Straightening slowly, he slung his arm over my shoulders, keeping me tucked tight against his solid strength as we weaved our way through the gawkers. "How was class?"

"It was fine," I mumbled, rolling my eyes. "I did learn an interesting fact."

"That would be?"

I kept my voice down. "To another Shifter, your sexual fluids taste, and smell, of your animal's essence when you're close to your Awakening, not only after it." My brows lifted at my mate. "In other words, you knew what I was going to be before my Awakening."

His gaze was pure innocence. "I have no clue what you're talking about."

I sniffed. Lie. The bastard. "You suck."

He merely grinned, glancing behind us. "Where's Elly?"

"Meeting me in the gym."

Bit by bit, his brow furrowed, and he stopped us, turning me to face him. "Let me know if you need me today." His tone was low and grave, his wolf peaking as he bent to stare directly in my eyes. "I'm serious, Lily. Those predator classes you're taking are brutal, and we only have one together." Yeah, I may have been earning my degree in Creative Writing, but my schedule wasn't all peaceful imaginings. The mere silver lining was that the hand-to-hand combat was grouped together for Shifters and Vamps - all grade levels - while the Mages and Elementals did their own thing. "Promise me."

I winked, trying for joviality. "Only if you promise to ask me for help in staying awake during your boring political science classes."

"Lily..." Dominic growled, not liking my humor.

I sighed. "Fine, but I'll be okay." Having gone through my Shifter Awakening, I had added strength, and could sniff out a truth or lie. But I still had to be careful not to show my Vampire speed.

With the constant fear ever-present between us, a trickling of death hovering, he stared a moment longer. He never pulled alpha crap on me, even though I knew he could. He just didn't, respecting me. "I love you, babe. Be careful." He pulled me in tight and kissed me in a way that really shouldn't be done in front of others.

I went with it.

Sitting high on the bleachers next to Elly, I ignored those closest who were eyeing me and peered down at the masses. I took in the different Mys groups, which consisted of the Elementals with their pure green, blue, red, or yellow hair, the Vampires with their red and black streaked hair, the Mages with blond to golden hair, and the Shifters with their different variations of hair color, like their animal. I hardly knew any of them.

Besides Dominic, Elly was my one friend here at King Hall. Her white hair pegged her as a weak Shifter, and because of my own freakish, solid red hair we stuck together, since no others would have us in their inner circle. I hadn't actually wanted to be in any inner circle, but I knew she had. Even after we had been attending this school for a full year, they still stared, so I didn't hold it against her.

Being noticeably different only worked when blending in with Coms. Here, I only stood out with my whopping five foot, two inches, to their Amazon-tall. My blue eyes were normal enough, but my hair turned more than a few heads, especially when no other Mys - other than an Elemental - had red hair like mine. The only common ground I found with these people was the money my mom had left for me in her will. It still sent shudders down my spine that so many Mysticals named this the best school in the world.

They called it: Choep, New York.

I called it: My Own Personal Hell.

No one wants to glimpse Hell, much less be there in the first place, so it figured my bastard uncle would be the one to throw me in this pit when he had become my legal guardian. My only solace - and stupidity, I knew full well - was that being mated to Dominic now kept me under King Kincaid's roof. It was a definite risk of exposure, but I was thrilled to be out of my uncle's sadistic home.

Sighing softly, I tried to focus over the constant noise, pushing myself to relax on the uncomfortable bleacher. This wasn't a normal assembly. All four Kings stood in dark Armani suits behind Mrs. Jonas, our Head Administrator at King Hall who was positioned at the podium trying to quiet everyone. For the first time since I had walked through the school doors, Dominic and I weren't the main topic of gossip. Instead, everyone was aflutter about the soon-to-be-revealed Prodigies.

Mrs. Jonas sighed heavily. "If you want to see them, then you need to be quiet!"

The room went silent. Even the adults packed onto the gym floor. The place was filled to overflowing. It wasn't just the students who wanted to know their next Rulers. All Mysticals were waiting for the news. There was even press standing in front of the elevated stage ready to air the announcement. This was definitely a big deal.

Plus, these were the new Rulers who could end my life with a simple command.

I squirmed and Elly grabbed my knee to stop me. The Mage to my left snapped an irritated glance in my direction, but quickly looked back to the stage when Mrs. Jonas started speaking again (pleasantly, now that everyone had shut up). With a smile, she stated clearly, "First, King Kincaid will introduce our next King Shifter."

Dominic's dad strode forward, appearing tough with a debonair flair, his features serious as he adjusted the microphone to better accommodate his height. "Good morning, world." I glanced down to the press and saw Coms here, too, not just Mys. This was worldwide. "As some of you may or may not know, every twenty years four new Rulers are born. We're here today to introduce them to you. Within the next four years, these Prodigies will take over," he gestured to himself, and then to the other three Kings behind him, "in our stead."

He cleared his throat, and a smile lifted his lips. "The next King Shifter will be my son, Dominic Kincaid. Dominic already has vast experience in political relations, having been raised in the current King's home." He went on to list all of Dominic's leadership and predator skills, and I listened politely to his proud speech even though I already knew all of this. Dominic was a badass. "And without further ado, my son, Dominic Kincaid, the next King Shifter."

The side of the backstage curtain shifted and Dominic emerged to a raucous round of applause. He gave a polite wave. I almost laughed out loud. Dominic's dad had argued with him about wearing a suit for this, but that wasn't Dominic's style. Although, he had agreed to wear a tie. Too bad it was wrapped tightly around his wrist next to his platinum watch, and instead of a traditional suit, he now wore an outfit consisting of a simple crimson suit jacket with a white-collared shirt (untucked), the sleeves of both rolled up to his forearms, paired with black leather pants and his black boots. Savvy sexy.

Looking good, I mentally hummed.

I saw his lips twitch and he peered up into the bleachers where I sat, winking as he reached the podium to stop beside his dad. Standing side-by-side, they looked so much alike it was uncanny. His dad barely appeared a few years older than him thanks to our lifespan being hundreds of years longer than Coms. Dominic's large, pitch-black eyes, with thick lashes, altered to the cameras, his lush, red lips smiling softly.

"Hello, everyone," Dominic's voice growled to address the world, ignoring his dad's scowl at his outfit choice. "I'm Dominic Kincaid. I thought I would start by telling you a little about myself. I'm a senior at King Hall University, and have resided in New York my entire life. I've recently become mated," masculine cheers erupted so loudly he had to wait a second to continue speaking, "and we'll live here for the remainder of my ruling." He continued on, and I pinched my lips together, deciding to be a little ornery.

Mentally, I hummed, Oh, Dominic! The way you talk to them...a groan...it's so hot!

He stuttered, glancing down, clearing his throat.

I added breathlessly, Dom, I want...I want you! Those cameras are turning me on.

He made a quiet choking sound.

Please, Dom, please! I groaned.

He snorted, and I knew people were watching him strangely. Feeling I had done my job properly, I stopped. His eyes met mine. I knew there would be retribution involved. Probably a little good and a little bad.

"What's wrong with him?" Elly whispered, her golden eyes swinging to me.

I tapped my temple and grinned.

Her mouth fell open. "That's just mean."

I chuckled. It was funny stuff.

The King Elemental, King Fergus, went next, speaking fluidly and easily to the assembly, his green hair shimmering in the light. "Our next King Elemental will be Jack Collins. He's lived in Tokyo for his entire life and, like the other Prodigies, he's thrilled to be here at King Hall for his senior year. His experience is immense..." Yada, yada, the same junk all over again. It sounded like they had all been through the same experiences since being chosen at a toddler's age through a spell that let the current Kings know who the next Rulers were. "And here's the next King Elemental."

Jack Collins came out of the side curtains like Dominic had. I clapped right along with everyone else but didn't add in the hoots like some of the girls were doing. He was hot. No doubt about that. He was about six foot, two inches, with a touch of Asian ancestry, and had bright blue hair that he wore stylishly over his right eye. He was dressed in a black suit that was fitted and trendy - not stuffy like the Kings' - and his blue, extra-thin tie matched his hair. I could see his eyes were brown and his features bordered on pretty, but his muscled body was anything but slight.

He waited politely for everyone to quiet, then began with a slightly accented voice. "My name's Jack Collins, and it's a pleasure to be here..." More yada, yada.

Next to come forward was King Nelson, the King Mage, and he began with a soft grin, his hand brushing back his golden hair. "This is a monumental day, because for the first time in over five hundred years we will have a woman as our Ruler." There were gasps throughout the audience. I had no clue a female Ruler was such a big deal, but clearly it was. "Our next Queen Mage will be Pearl Cooper. She's lived in London for the entirety of her life, and her experience..." Heard it all before.

When Pearl Cooper walked out the crowd went wild. Especially the females. You would think the men would have been cheering the loudest but, I swear, women's rights were taking a firm grip on every female in the place as Pearl took the stage. She appeared to be six feet tall, curvaceous, and with golden hair and golden eyes. She was drop-dead gorgeous, more than a normal Mys. She was so flawless she reminded me of a doll. She wore a black, checkered dress like a retro version of a 1950s house wife, except she paired it with a wide, glistening gold belt and gold platform shoes, to perfection.

I glanced down at my own jeans and plain white t-shirt with a smidge of disdain, thinking that perhaps I should pay a little more attention to my attire instead of just worrying if it was from the clean pile.

"Hello, everyone." Pearl greeted the world with a celebrity wave, her English accent really freaking cool. "I'm so happy and honored to be your next Queen Mage..." She went on, and in her speech I noted she also had been recently mated. There were many groans from the men. Couldn't blame them. She was that attractive.

Up next, the King Vampire, King Venclaire, nodded to the audience pleasantly and stated simply, "Our next King Vampire will be Ezra Zeller. He's originally from San Diego, California, and has lately been traveling the world; his most recent location was South America. His power is truly remarkable." The King smiled a little at his words, then turned toward the curtains. "Ezra, if you would, please."

When the King didn't drone on about his Prodigy's experience, I asked, He's done?

Guess so, Dominic replied, intently watching the curtained area.

Ezra Zeller walked onstage.

The first thing I noticed was the deep sapphire, hooded velvet jacket he wore. He had its hood up so I couldn't see his face, and its hem was so long it skimmed the floor. It was unbuttoned, and he wore a simple white t-shirt under it with a pair of faded jeans, trendy holes in the knees. He had paired those with a clunky black belt and boots that looked identical to Dominic's.

I clapped with everyone else, though my gaze was rapt on his size. He was as large as Dominic, at least six foot, five inches, his muscles massive. That was a little odd because, normally, Vampires were as tall as Shifters but were usually leaner, like a swimmer instead of a brute. His velvet jacket appeared worn, with patches at the elbows, and I was unsure if they were for fashion or economy's sake. His vast biceps looked like they weren't helping the stitching any, straining the material. His white t-shirt showed every ripple of muscle in his pecs and abdomen, and his faded jeans hugged his thighs flawlessly. You couldn't even see his face, and I could already imagine the women in the audience licking their lips.

"Oh," Elly whispered, leaning forward. "For a Vamp, he's delicious."

My best friend was one of them.

King Venclaire sighed and his hand flashed out, yanking back Ezra's hood.

Flashes went off as everyone got their first decent view of him. He had skin like smooth mocha and he wore his red and black hair about three inches long in styled spikes all over his head. His features were perfectly sharp: high cheekbones, a straight nose, arched, black eyebrows, wide red lips, and an angular jaw. He wore a pair of unusual sunglasses - black and thick with round, platinum pieces on the front - and I stared at them, wondering what color his eyes were.

King Venclaire's lips pinched, and he leaned toward Ezra, whispering.

Ezra shrugged a shoulder, lifting the sunglasses on top of his head. Expressive, almond-curved, glaring green eyes stared out at the audience as he tilted to the microphone, stating in a deep voice, "I'm Ezra," a nod of his head. "Pleasure." Fluidly, he turned, walking away from the podium to stand beside Pearl.

King Venclaire appeared completely exasperated until he pivoted fully to face the crowd, smiling charmingly, and said evenly, "He's a man of few words and firm decisions. Let this be a reminder to the Vampires who'll be under his rule." He nodded once then left the podium to stand next to the other Kings, who had all raised their brows in silent question.

Trouble in paradise? I probed.

There's always one, Dominic grumbled, glancing down the line at Ezra, who placed his shades back down as more flashes erupted, all four of them now standing side-by-side.

Chapter Two

Dominic growled, Where are you? They're pairing everyone up!

Coming, I replied, running down the empty green hallway. I stayed late going over the reading list with Mr. Jarvis.

Dominic mentally sighed. You're gonna get stuck with someone you don't want. They're going in alphabetical order. I've already been called and so has Elly.

Wonderful. I was going to get my butt kicked before lunch.

I ran into the girls locker room and jammed everything inside my locker before quickly stripping down to change into the black sports bra and black shorts we had to wear for these classes. I grabbed a ponytail holder then slammed my locker closed and raced out of the room and down the back hallway to the gym I had been in merely an hour ago. The bleachers were pulled back. Instead of an audience and press, my classmates were situated throughout the gym, paired off, standing on round blue mats.

I scanned the room and saw Dominic sigh in exasperation as he stared at my feet. I glanced down and realized I had forgotten to put socks and tennis shoes on. My black-painted toenails gleamed under the hideous lighting. I groaned, and started to turn around, but was stopped by a loud voice. "Ms. Ruckler! It's so nice of you to join us!" It was Mr. Bertrand, my teacher for this hour of torture. "Get over here!"

Sighing in resignation, I jogged his way. "I need to get my shoes."

Mr. Bertrand glanced at my bare feet and chuckled, shaking his head. "You'll be fine without them. I don't imagine they would help you much this time." He gestured to his right. "Mr. Zeller is going to be your partner."

I gaped, turning my attention to where he pointed.

Ezra Zeller was leaning against the closed bleachers with his huge arms crossed over his equally massive chest. He wore only black-knit pants, cut off below the knee like every student who was male, so I got a close up view of my impending death with all that bare flesh. He was enormous. It would be like taking on Dominic. Ezra shoved off the bleachers, gradually examining me from head to toe.

In unison, we muttered, "You've got to be kidding."

Mr. Bertrand shook his head. "That's what you get for being late, Ms. Ruckler." He smiled like the evil teacher he was. "In the future, be on time to my class."

"I will seriously hurt a Com," Ezra stated bluntly, striding to stand directly beside me, glaring at Mr. Bertrand. "Pair me with someone who's not a Mys wannabe."

I choked, scowling. "I'm not a Com!"

He snorted, looking me over again. "Yes, sweetheart. You are."

"Actually, she's not," King Venclaire countered, breaking away from where he and King Kincaid were talking quietly. Each King stayed with their Prodigy the first day, going to their classes to get an idea of what their Prodigy's day consisted of. "She's a Shifter."

Ezra's arched eyebrows lowered and he turned from the King to me, again giving me a once over, but this time with the gentlest brush of his power. It was dark and seductive, probing, feeling my Shifter magic in verification before he pulled it back. "Shift." It was a command.

I snorted this time. Flipped him off. He wasn't my "to be" King.

Mr. Bertrand's jaw gaped.

King Venclaire only smiled. "You remind me of someone, Ms. Ruckler."

I bit my lip. It wasn't wise to attract the attention of the Kings. Not that I hadn't already a month ago, when all four had been dressed in their eerie, hooded robes for this year's Awakenings. Mine had taken over ten minutes. A normal Awakening only takes a few seconds. I rolled my shoulders, shaking my head. "That's surprising." Truth.

He nodded absently, his head cocking in his quiet perusal.

"What do you shift into?" Ezra asked suspiciously, closely watching the King's interaction with me...and his almond eyes weren't merely green. They were more a spring green, light and piercing, vivid against his mocha coloring. The simpering women here would fall at his feet.

"A wolf," I grumbled in irritation, then turned back to Mr. Bertrand. "Seriously. I can't fight him." I waved a hand up and down Ezra's frame, even poking his bicep - hurt my freaking finger. "He will murder me."

Mr. Bertrand actually laughed. "The mat in the corner's free. Good luck."

I gawked as he and King Venclaire meandered in King Kincaid's direction. Slowly, I pivoted, warily regarding Ezra. My assessment of being dead before lunch wasn't too far off base.

Irritably, Ezra shook his head, stalking toward "our" mat. "What kind of training have you had?"

I gulped, and hurried to catch up. "Uh, none."

"Perfect," he muttered, facing me on the mat. "Try not to bleed too much." A small curve of his wide lips. "Or do. Either way, I won't mind."

I ignored the Vampire's comment while he stretched. My hands shaking only slightly, I quickly put my hair up in a ponytail. I rolled my shoulders and stretched my arms, glancing to Dominic, who had been paired with someone his own size. Being on time had merit.

Once Ezra and I were finished warming up, he gave no warning.

He lunged, using his Vampire speed.

"Ugh!" I grunted as my back hit the mat, my breath damn near knocked out of me.

"Get up," he rumbled, still on his feet, his back muscles flexing with his rolling steps.

Gritting my teeth, I twisted, careful to not use my own miniscule Vampire speed. With a small portion of my Shifter strength, I dove. I didn't care if his back was turned. It was probably the only way I could get a hit on him.

He turned at the last second, more than likely hearing me with his senses, but I still plowed into him. I wasn't as agile as him to stay standing, so we both went down. He grunted this time when he landed on his back, and even though my forehead smacked against his shoulder, lying flat on top of him I still grinned with mischievous delight.

Until I was flipped. My shoulders slammed back on the mat. With a very heavy Ezra on top of me, I kept the grunt at bay, glaring up at him.

Spring green eyes glowered. "Good. You can't beat me in a proper fight, so get dirty." His nostrils flared, and he added, "You're not scared anymore. You're angry. That's good, too, but don't let it cloud your judgment."

My glare didn't disappear. "Shut up, and get off me." He was like a freaking boulder.

Suddenly, his fangs lengthened. His voice was a mere whisper. "Get out of my hold."

I freaked. This guy could seriously bite me. There was no way to get out of this. Panting hard from instant fear, I shoved anyway. The action got me nowhere. Trying to twist out from under him, heart pounding, I shouted, "Get off!"

He shook his head. "Calm down. Think." Nice words, but his fangs were still out.

A deep wolf's growl erupted next to us. "Get off my mate."

Ezra blinked and tilted his face toward Dominic, who stood next to us, meeting my mate's deadly gaze. Another blink. His eyes slid to Dominic's neck, where my mate mark was, then to my neck, where Dominic's mate mark was. Instantly, he was on his side of the mat and wearing a cool, blank expression. Like, one second he was a massive weight on top of me, and the next beat he instantly stood five feet away.

Dominic quickly lifted me to my feet, glaring, a definite growl in his tone. "When she tells you to get off her, then f**king do it."

The two Kings had edged closer, but weren't interrupting.

Ezra's jaw seesawed back and forth, probably remembering all the rude comments he had already said to me, unknowingly offending the Prodigy Shifter's mate. He surprised me, though; instead of apologizing, he stated bluntly, "She needs to learn to defend herself. That wasn't a difficult position to escape from." No fangs showed.

Dominic's grip on me tightened, fairly vibrating.

All eyes inside the gym were now on the three of us, and I knew Dominic was on the verge of going after the Prodigy Vampire, so I held Ezra's spring green eyes steadily, stating quickly and quietly, "Just keep your fangs away, and you can teach me, or whatever it was you were doing."

Calm down, I told Dominic silently, I just wigged out.

Dominic's gaze met mine, his dark eyes glowing, his hair falling around his cheeks. You told him to get off. He didn't. The prick hasn't even apologized.

I don't think he's going to, I replied calmly, I don't think that's his style.

Dominic snorted, his hands skimming down my back softly. You sure you're okay?

Yeah. I'm good.

He lifted a finger and brushed it over my lips. Stared, as I gazed at his lips, but I remembered Ezra was still standing there. I peered away from Dominic's perfect mouth to Ezra's hooded gaze. "No fangs. We clear?"

Slowly, Ezra nodded, watching.

I nodded in return, agreement made, then smiled at my mate. You can go back to your partner and I'll continue getting my butt kicked. My lips twitched. Maybe you can give me a massage during lunch?

Dominic grinned leisurely, making me feel all warm inside as a tiny, rumbling growl resonated from deep inside his chest. I can do more than that.

I laughed, pushing him back. "Get going."

"Yes, my sweet and innocent love." He bowed, but when he straightened, walking backward to his mat, his gaze slammed into Ezra's, glowing harshly. "Don't hurt her."

Ezra cracked his neck. "No more than necessary."

Dominic took a deep breath. Nodded once.

I tried not to gawk.

Dominic's brows rose. "You have to learn. It won't be easy."

I gulped, staring wide-eyed. Alright, I got that. Slowly, I peeked at the Vampire who was going to bring the hurt on. This so wasn't my favorite class.

As everyone's attention quickly went back to their own business, Mr. Bertrand stated loudly and cheerfully, "Get used to your partner, everyone. The person across from you will be your sparring buddy for the next month."

Closing my eyes in resignation, I sighed heavily...right before my back hit the mat, taken unaware and unprepared by a tormenting Vampire.

Where are you? Dominic growled inside my head, bringing on a round of deja vu. Everyone's already seated.

I'm almost there, I hissed, running inside the administration building. I wasn't about to tell him I had been ganged up on in the locker room. I had known it would come sometime today. The Shifter women weren't at all pleased I had mated with Dominic. I had barely made it out of there without bleeding all over the place. There had been five of them. My face stung from the few bruises on my face, which were hopefully disappearing as I dashed down the hallway to Mrs. Jonas's office where we were supposed to have lunch with her, the Kings, and the Prodigies.

Plowing into her office a few seconds later, I stopped dead, catching my breath. All eyes turned toward me. I quickly flipped my hair over my own right eye - the bruised one - and hurried to the empty seat next to Dominic. "I'm sorry I'm late. I got lost in the halls." Truth. I had run down the wrong hall twice and went to an entirely incorrect building afterward, not used to the new section of King Hall I was now in.

Dominic stood, kissing my cheek before pulling out my chair for me.

I dropped my book bag under the table and sat, keeping my gaze down.

King Venclaire asked calmly, "Did you also run into a fist while getting here?"

Dominic stilled on his chair.

I closed my eyes, thinking very unkind thoughts about the King Vampire. "No, definitely didn't run into any fists." I had dodged most of them.

"Your right eye," Ezra, directly across from me, stated bluntly. "It's bruised and I didn't put it there during sparring." Their damn Vampire sight was annoying.

Dominic jerked my chin up, leaving me blinking. I could see him just fine now from both eyes, which meant...he objected, "There's nothing wrong with her eye."

I kept the sigh of relief at bay, smiling at King Venclaire and Ezra. "See? Nothing's wrong." Truth.

Ezra raised a black brow and King Venclaire kept quiet. At least they weren't going to blab or call me a liar. I would rather Dominic not know about me being bullied. He already worried enough.

I popped my neck, placing my napkin on my lap as a server brought a salad for me from the cart like everyone else had in front of them, and Dominic's hand instantly moved to the back of my neck, massaging softly.

Across the table to my right, Pearl asked, "You're Dominic's mate? Lily Ruckler?"

"Yes," I mumbled, trying not to groan as Dominic's fingers worked their magic on my sore muscles. "And you're Pearl Cooper." I studied the guy sitting next to her. A Mage. "I'm sorry, but I don't know your name. Are you Pearl's mate?"

He nodded, smiling. He was the masculine equivalence to her feminine beauty. They fit. "I'm Gideon Brooks, and yes, I'm Pearl's mate." He stared at my hair curiously. "You're a Shifter, but I've never met anyone like you before. Excuse me if it's impolite, but I'd love to know what you shift into." His accent was just as cool as Pearl's. English accents rocked.

"A wolf," King Kincaid stated, answering for me.

"Really?" Jack Collins asked. "In your shifted form, are you red, like your hair?"

"She's beautiful in her shifted form," Dominic specified bluntly, also not letting me speak. "A perfect red wolf."

Pearl smiled, understanding what I already knew. He really did find me beautiful. Tiny and all. "What's your mate gift? Ours is empathy." She grinned with a twinkle in her eye. "We've found its uses entertaining."

I almost choked on my drink, knowing full well what she was talking about. We had also been afforded empathy. We weren't supposed to have two gifts, another oddity of my hybrid nature, so we kept the empathy strictly to the bedroom.

"Telepathy," Ezra answered quietly. "They have telepathy."

I knew he wasn't unintelligent. Didn't miss much.

"What's it like?" Jack asked as he placed his fork aside, done with his salad, reminding me that I needed to eat my own quickly before the server took it away.

"It's," Dominic paused to chew a bite of his salad, taking his hand away from my neck to dab at his mouth with his napkin, "very helpful." He left it at that.

I stuffed my mouth so as not to blab about how helpful it had been - many times - with my fearless wolf causing a ruckus during the month after my first shift.

"You know," King Venclaire murmured, his lips twitching, "I heard the oddest conversation the other day." He watched King Kincaid. "There was a fox seen taking on a mountain lion near your lands. Did you hear anything about that?"

My eye twitched.

Dominic choked on his water.

Christ. My shifted wolf form was as small as a fox, another twist, which all four Kings knew specifically from my Awakening. Yesterday, I had wandered off from the group and met with a mountain lion Shifter who was traveling in shifted form to the King's house. I hadn't known the person and had acted instinctively to protect.

I hadn't told King Kincaid and Dominic about that, and after we had shifted, bloody and tired, I had made the mountain lion Shifter promise not to say anything. And, yeah, we had been off Kincaid's property. Out in the open. Unwise. King Venclaire obviously had spies around the place now that he was in town.

King Kincaid cleared his throat, not glancing my way, stating, "Yes. I did hear that. We've been having a few incidences with an errant fox." Lie. His wolf growled quietly. "We plan to take care of any issues such as that better in the future." Truth.

I started to sweat. King Kincaid really didn't sound happy. If he only knew half the "incidences" I had gotten myself into, I would probably be booted from the house.

King Venclaire snickered. "Sounds like a willful animal. Good luck taming it."

I breathed slowly, but quickly inhaled my salad until I felt Dominic's eyes on me. I rested further on my chair, glancing up. My smile was a smidge sheepish when everyone started talking again.

Dominic sighed heavily, bent toward me as he whispered against my ear, "Seriously? The mountain lion?" He nuzzled my neck, sniffing. "And tell me, babe, was it fun watching me fumble over my words at the press release?" His lips curved against my skin. "If cameras really turn you on, I've got one we can-"

I elbowed him, cutting him off, and felt my cheeks flush. I mentally stated, Vampires have even better hearing than your dad, who's right next to us, remember? I stole a look across the table, and sure enough, both Vampires were staring, and I could have sworn King Venclaire was holding back a laugh.

I know they can hear me, Dominic purred. I'm going to get payback on you tonight.

Instantly, my gaze hooded so no one would see the reaction he always had on me.

"Are you two doing it right now?" Pearl asked, her voice airy, golden eyes only dimly glowing. "I feel something," she paused slightly. "It's magic."

As Dominic straightened, I watched her closely. She was definitely a very powerful Mage and I answered honestly. "Yes. We were." I cocked my head. "You're muting your power right now." Even as she used it, her power was hardly noticeable in the air, a true talent, one I had actually been trying to master the past month. "Would you mind..." I left it unsaid. I wanted to see how much she glowed.

She blinked, coming back to herself, smiling softly. "Actually, I think that would be fun. A little demonstration to show our powers." She glanced at all the Prodigies. "Are you all okay with that? A magical get-to-know-you?"

Jack shrugged.

Dominic sat back on his chair, merely watching, not agreeing just yet.

Ezra's lips curved. "I would need a volunteer. Are you offering?"

She shook her head immediately. "Can't you do something that doesn't require blood?"

He relaxed further on his chair, his grin turning wicked. "I can do many things that don't require blood, but I don't think your mate would appreciate them."

I snorted, then quickly coughed to cover it. This man was something else.

Gideon glared, and started to argue, but Pearl stopped him by scolding Ezra, "Don't be crude." Ezra only grinned wider and she cleared her throat, pressing on. "Can't you do something," a wave of her hand, "else?"

Gradually, he nodded.

Pearl beamed, glancing to Dominic. "Are you in?"

Dominic eyed her, eventually murmuring, "Sure, if you guys can handle it." His dark gaze caught mine. "You'll need to leave."

I stared. "Why?"

"You don't appreciate being made to do something by force."

I still stared. "What are you going to make them do?"

"Stand from their chair. Nothing bad."

Blinking slowly, I muttered dryly, "I think I can handle that."

"Sure?"

I smirked. "Yeah. I can handle the big, bad wolf."

He chuckled quietly, kissing my forehead.

"Who wants to go first?" Pearl asked happily.

"I will," Jack hummed, sitting forward casually. "I won't do anything too awful, like, drown or freeze you, but you'll get wet."

Pushing away the harsh thoughts after he said the word drown - my mom having died that way - I watched as he sucked in a small breath, his brown eyes glowing abruptly. He raised one finger off the table where it rested and I felt a rush of water Elemental power run like an electrical current around the table. His finger dropped sharply. A blue ring of water appeared from nowhere above everyone's heads. It dropped.

I gasped as cold water drenched me, hearing shrieks or grunts from one and all, except for King Fergus, who was quiet and bone-dry, with a slightly glowing gaze. Sputtering, I wiped frigid water out of my eyes, blinking repeatedly across the table into Ezra's spring green gaze; his black lashes were stuck together like miniature spears and his spiked hair was now flat on his head, blue water dripping down his chin. His eyes lowered, his gaze immediately hooded.

My teeth started chattering, my frame disturbed with shivers. The water was freezing. My eyes lowering slightly, I saw Ezra's white t-shirt plastered to him like he was in a wet t-shirt contest. It was then that realization hit. My head dropped as I peered to my own white t-shirt.

Ah, shit. In my haste to get away from the Shifters in the locker room, I hadn't even attempted to put my bra back on. The damn thing was currently in my book bag under the table. Yanking my suctioned t-shirt away from my skin, I glowered at the Vampire.

Jack flicked the same finger not ten seconds after we had been drenched, and instantaneously, the water was gone. As if it had never been. Everyone's everything back in place. Perfect.

I let go of my, now, dry t-shirt and leaned against Dominic, still glaring.

Ezra's lips curled softly.

"Impressive," Dominic murmured, wrapping his arm around me, keeping me close.

Jack inclined his head. "Thank you." Now we knew that he could kill us if he wanted.

"I'll go next," Pearl offered. Instantly, she glowed such a bright gold that it verged on hurting my eyes. She began murmuring under her breath and our spoons flew into the air, hovering directly in front of our faces. All except King Nelson's spoon. His lowered to the table when his eyes glowed.

The rest of the spoons didn't stay in place either. They darted in a clockwise motion in front of our faces. Kept going. Faster...faster. The rotation was so rapid that they blurred, appearing like one solid ring of shining grey in front of our faces.

They stopped abruptly, our own spoon precisely in front of us, and lowered to the table, still once more.

A bit dizzy after watching them, I cleared my throat.

Jack chuckled quietly. "That was illuminating."

I peered down at the knife on the table. Yeah, illuminating. I wouldn't want her trying that with a sharp weapon. Hell, even spoons at that speed were dangerous if they hit a person at the right spot.

Dominic was also eyeing his knife, but he quickly lifted his gaze, saying, "My turn, I guess." His eyes instantly glowed dark black, his power hitting me like a semitrailer. I gasped while everyone at the table jerked hard; his demand was quiet, his wolf growling low. "Stand." My body vibrated; I couldn't breathe. I didn't want to stand. I fought it just as it appeared everyone else was doing, but Dominic sucked in another breath and whispered, "Stand."

His power hit even harder.

I bowed, grabbing the table while hearing chairs being knocked over in the occupant's haste to do as Dominic bid; my own Shifter power flared in defiance, my eyes glowing bright blue and my butt still firmly planted on my seat, just like King Kincaid's was. My face began to glisten with sweat, but I was still sitting. I groaned low, panting. Every muscle in my body was pushing me to obey, the pressure hurting like wild fire to stay in place, my body burning from the inside out.

"Dom," his dad stated harshly, eyes glowing identically with a King's command.

"Stop."

A beat later, Dominic's power cut off, delicious relief touching the heinous sparks inside me. I gulped air, slumping against him. He caught me, holding me against his chest and rubbing his hand soothingly up and down my back. I could tell the others were awed, but really, after that, I just wanted to lie down and take a nap.

"Ms. Ruckler held out," Mrs. Jonas murmured. "It must be because they're mates."

I groaned under my breath, realizing my mistake too late, now grasping for a non-answer. "It wasn't easy." It wasn't because we were mates. It was because, though I usually allowed them to believe otherwise, I wasn't weak in my own Shifter power. Surprise was a wonderful defense if ever needed - the main reason why I continued to try to master masking my power.

King Kincaid lifted his arms above his head, arching in a massive stretch. "She's not kidding." He smiled at his son as everyone righted their chairs. "Nicely done."

I grunted, even as Dominic nodded his head. The hell with that. Next time, I was leaving the room when he pulled that crap. He tilted my chin up, kissing my lips lightly, and whispered, "You okay?"

I nodded, wiping sweat off my forehead. Everyone else was just as pristine as they were before. If I hadn't fought so hard, I would be too. His lips brushed mine again, lingering, and only pulled away when the wild card Vampire spoke.

Sounding bored, Ezra muttered, "My turn." Leaning back on his chair, slouching, he peered directly at King Kincaid. His eyes flashed a bright green. "What was the best part of your evening last night?"

Instant. "Having sex with my mate in the laundry room." The King's mouth slammed shut.

Dominic groaned, dropping his head on top of mine, while I tried not to laugh, watching King Kincaid's cheeks pink as he glanced awkwardly at his son.

Ezra's eyes flashed again, this time toward King Venclaire. "What was your last sexual position?"

Instant. "Don't even try that on me." He glared, his own blue eyes flashing. Guess it didn't work on him. Like all the other Kings, King Venclaire had protected himself against his Prodigy.

Ezra merely smirked, then repeated his power on everyone, peering straight into their eyes with a single flash of spring green, then asking whatever he wanted and getting an instant, honest answer.

I learned King Fergus hadn't gotten laid in two years. King Nelson was g*y and mated. Jack had a thing for late night p**n . Pearl's favorite place to have sex was in the hot tub. Gideon's favorite was in the shower. Dominic enjoyed me being on top the best.

Seriously, I couldn't think it enough: this guy was something else.

I kept my gaze down, not wanting to get flashed.

He chuckled deeply. "What's the matter? Afraid of what you'll say about your mate?"

My eyebrows slammed together, and instinctively my eyes raked up, glaring.

His eyes flashed.

I felt a slamming inside my head. A deep presence urged me to say I was a hybrid. My vision was gone, only a spring green void in front of me. My sanity hadn't disappeared, though. My teeth gritting, I pushed back at the foreign presence.

I gasped, blinking through the surprise of release. My eyesight was back and in focus. I allowed myself a quiet sigh of relief, knowing that I hadn't blabbed.

Ezra's eyebrows lowered.

Flash.

All I saw was an abyss of spring green. I was floating in it, warm. Safe.

"Tell me your deepest secret," a voice purred, surrounding my mind, all the hidden places, an invading fog pouring into every crevasse. "Lily," the voice hummed. "Tell me."

My mouth was open, my vocal chords pulling me to shout my hidden nature. Grunting, my teeth instantly ground against each other. I didn't trust that voice. Only Dominic's did I trust, and that wasn't his purr.

My wolf growled and I heaved against the pressure, hissing, "Screw you." Trembling, I gasped, the room once more coming back into focus.

Dominic still had me wrapped in his arms. "What the hell kind of question was that?"

Ezra was studying me, silent.

King Venclaire rumbled, "One which shouldn't have been asked in this game, a damn good reason why I protected her." A foot moved away from mine under the table, and King Venclaire flicked his Prodigy a chastising glance, which Ezra didn't see...because he was still staring.

I flipped him off. That had been hard as hell to resist, even with King Venclaire's help.

"How?" Mrs. Jonas asked.

"His foot. Under the table," I murmured absently, still glaring and, also, a tad freaked. Ezra had a lot of power. He had kicked my butt both physically and mentally today. Time for a little false boasting. "Maybe I'll visit you in my wolf form." I grinned. I would happily rip into his leg with my teeth. He would heal quickly enough. I growled a little, letting my wolf take voice.

"Lily..." King Kincaid admonished quietly.

I sighed and stopped snarling at Ezra, who had reclined calmly on his chair, crossing his arms over his chest like I hadn't just growled and, possibly, threatened him.

He grinned.

While I was tapping my fingers on the table, the server set another course in front of me, but I held Ezra's gaze straight on.

As thirty seconds turned into a minute, my eyes began to water.

Our staring contest continued.

Only when Dominic mentally growled to not start trouble did I sigh, looking away.

There would be plenty of other opportunities.

With everyone else still inside the office chatting, Dominic and I stood directly outside the front entrance of the administrative building. A moment away from the others, just for us. I brushed my lips over his, readying myself to rush to my poetry class. "I'll see you later."

He nodded, but glanced up when his dad and King Venclaire walked out the door, almost running in to us as they spoke quietly. Dominic quickly tugged me aside, the door swinging wide and almost hitting me in the head. Wrapping his arms around me, he glared. "Can't we get a moment of privacy?"

King Kincaid chuckled quietly. "King Venclaire, do you know this word privacy my son is speaking of?"

"Never heard of it," King Venclaire murmured absently, bending low so that he was right in front of my face. Again his eyes darted across my face, but this time he smiled. "Angela Springs was your mother. Your face is the spitting image of her. Your hair threw me because hers was dark brown, and her eyes were brown whereas yours are blue. But there's no denying it." His gaze skimmed down my face again unhurriedly. "You're her daughter."

My heart jumping to my throat, I pressed harder against Dominic. I knew what my real last name had been when I was born - before it was changed to Ruckler - but my mom had always told me that, if anyone ever knew who she was, I was to get the hell out of town. I scanned the lawn, looking for hiding exits, seeing only open space.

King Venclaire grabbed my chin, swiftly turning my attention toward him. His eyebrows were together, his features etched with worry. "From what King Kincaid's said, I understand you lost her. It must be hard, but try not to panic. I didn't mean to make you overwrought." He seemed...sincere.

I gulped. The area was quiet; I realized that there was nowhere to run, with a King to my left and another in front of me, so I had to get my act together. I nodded swiftly, playing a part: breathing in through my nose and out through my mouth to even my heartbeat and stating, "She only died a little over a year ago. It's still very raw." Anybody could hear that in my tone.

King Venclaire smiled delicately, his words just as gentle. "I'm so sorry for your loss." His eyes unfocused and his expression softened further, his tone a whisper. "I knew her. She and I were," he hesitated, "friends, long ago." His sigh was quiet, sounding weary. "I would have liked to have kept in touch with her, but I imagine Mr. Ruckler was who she ran off with?" He straightened when I stayed silent, his eyes dancing across my features again, his tone still whisper-soft. "She was quite beautiful. As are you, Lily."

I blinked, knowing full well that I had started trembling as comprehension dawned.

Oh. My. God!

No one in our tiny group moved or said a word, or even breathed, for a long moment.

Eventually, controlling the possibly explosive situation, I cleared my throat and handled it like a trooper, stating as honestly as I could, "I didn't know my biological dad. He was out of my life before I was born." That, and bam, he was now standing right in front of me. Dominic wasn't an idiot, either. He was rigid against me, staring at King Venclaire much like I probably was. A little shocked, a lot awed, I really took in his features.

I had his blue eyes, really their shape, too, since mine were wide and slightly slanted like his. He had more red streaks in his hair than black. That was where I had inherited it, perhaps minus the black because of my nature. Although, he was tall, as my mom had been, so I was guessing the hybrid part made me smaller, the two combined sets of genes whacked.

"I'm sorry to hear that," King Venclaire murmured, his head cocking as he glanced with a scowl at the closed door, but I could tell his words were heartfelt, even if he did appear distracted. The four of us shuffled to the side when King Fergus and Jack exited the building. We watched them begin to cross the lawn but, before the door swung shut, King Nelson called loudly and irritably for King Venclaire from deep inside the building. King Venclaire grabbed the door, holding it open. Glancing inside, he replied loudly, "I'm sure Ezra meant no offense, King Nelson. Just give me a moment and I'll be back there."

I memorized everything about my biological dad. His profile, his straight hair, the way he held himself with such dignity. No wonder Mom had gone after him. He would have been - hell, he still was - a prime catch. He peered back toward me and touched my forehead with a single finger.

Suddenly, I felt less scared. Less depressed. Joy and happiness filled me in small sips until I was no longer shaking and I was left feeling relaxed and content.

King Venclaire lowered his hand, stating quietly, "It really is a pleasure to have met you, Lily." He stepped inside the building, the door shutting behind him. He was gone from view. Only his earth-shattering news remained, a whisper inside my soul.

Chapter Three

Dominic rolled over, wrapping his arms around me. "What time is it?"

I squinted at the red numbers on our clock. "Seven o'clock." I yawned, stretching against him. "Nap time's over." We were meeting Elly and his friends at Hell's Gate for dancing tonight.

He groaned, nuzzling against my neck. "I don't want to get out of bed."

I didn't want to, either. It was a rare occasion since school had started two months ago that we had time to merely lounge. We were always busy with classes, studying, or political crap. It was Saturday and we had spent our free day being bums and couch potatoes. It had been wonderful. And now we had to get up, since we had promised our friends dancing and our presence.

I swatted his drifting hand, using my tiny bit of Vampire speed to roll out of bed before he tried pulling me back.

"Not fair," he grumbled, burrowing his dark head against his pillow. He opened one eye. Glared. "Let's skip tonight."

I laughed outright. The last time we had done that, we'd had at least eight angry Shifters pounding on our locked bedroom door in the middle of the night. His friends tended to get a bit testy if he didn't follow through on what he said. "Not happening. Get up!" I yanked the covers off him and then squealed when he lunged at me. I twisted, diving into the bathroom, rolling and jumping to my feet. I had become more adept at not getting pummeled in the last two months, learning evasive moves to keep from completely dying on the mat every weekday.

I heard a wolf's growl, and I growled right back.

He was still growling when we left for Hell's Gate.

Once we arrived at the club we were both fine with being there, especially when we hit the dance floor. We hadn't been there since the first night we officially met, and we hadn't danced since, so both of us sober and dancing together was a new experience. A delectable one to be certain.

I stared into his eyes, the blue lights swirling above our heads, and I warmed inside as he pulled me closer. An excited shiver trickled outward from my spine as he ran his hands down my sides to my hips, where he gripped me firmly and trapped me against him. His eyes were slightly glowing and his breath was sweet on my lips as he bent toward me, nipping my lower lip, tugging.

Kissing him, I lost myself in the caress. He was mine. My mate. All M-I-N-E.

His mouth curved against my lips and I realized that some of those thoughts had slipped through as he whispered, "And you're mine."

I grinned right along with him and we really started dancing.

Drinking from a bottle of water, I tried to cool down from our (at least) hour-long groove session. Dominic was still out there, dancing with the Shifters, but I needed a break. They tended to close in all at once; for the last half-hour I had been slammed between Dominic and a variety of Shifters, all of us uncannily moving as one unit. The closeness didn't bother me, but being able to take a decent breath was essential, so here I was, taking a break.

Rolling my shoulders, I saw Pearl and Gideon dancing not too far away. I smiled to myself, seeing them gazing deep into each other's eyes. They really were an adorable couple. To top it off, Pearl was a pretty cool woman to hang with. She may appear the perfect, golden doll, but every so often I thought I glimpsed her playful side. That was still to be determined.

Guzzling the rest of my water, I set the empty on the bar and headed toward the restroom, not feeling any guilt at leaving Elly on the dance floor, where she was being friendly with another lion Shifter. A slow grin etched my features as I passed the door of the room where Dominic and I had first come together. In many ways.

Hmm.

I paused, then stepped backward, opening the door, and slipped inside. I wanted a quick look for memory's sake while I was sober. Swiftly shutting the door, I turned around. I gasped. "Sorry!" You are supposed to lock the freaking door if you are in here!

Ezra's eyes slammed up to mine. He lay over a Vampire woman, both naked by the look of it. Luckily, there was a sheet covering their lower sections so I saw only their upper halves. Ezra's pink tongue darted out, dabbing at the drop of blood on his bottom lip, even as the woman under him still groaned - and withered - from the lingering effects of his bite and whatever else he had been doing. Steadily and easily, he stated, "Get out."

I jumped, nodding rapidly. "Right." In a swift jerk, I grabbed the door handle, pointing at it with my other hand. "I'll just lock this for you. You're supposed to lock it so-"

"Lily, get out." A bit of bite had entered his tone.

"Shit. Okay. Sorry," I mumbled quickly, my gaze nowhere near them while I fumbled with the door handle until the lock clicked over. "There you go." Sliding outside, I quickly slammed the door behind me.

Well...that hadn't been awkward or anything.

Squaring my shoulders, I inhaled deeply and finished making my way to the restroom.

At least I had gotten to see the room. It was smaller than I remembered, but still pretty much the same except for the different couple occupying it. I suppressed a shiver knowing that I would have my ass handed to me on Monday. Mr. Bertrand thought it was hilarious keeping Ezra and I together as partners, though neither one of us shared his opinion. I always got my butt kicked, and Ezra never really got to spar, only teach. One month had turned into two, and two had turned into no end in sight until his graduation.

Done using the facilities, I wound my way back through the crowded, hot masses and eyed Jack standing next to the bar. He drank a mixed concoction of red and blue liquid with his head ducked down. I glanced toward the last location I had glimpsed Dominic and saw him, still content and dancing with the Shifters, so I veered toward the bar, tapping Jack's shoulder. "Who you hiding from?" It had to be a woman. They had been all over him, just like they had Ezra, since the Prodigies had entered King Hall.

He grinned. Guilty. His blue hair dangling rakishly over one eye, Jack gestured to the right with his drink, not saying a word.

I squinted through the darkness.

Ah. Two Elementals. I wasn't really surprised by this fact, but what did startle me was that one was a woman and the other a man. It was attention-grabbing and an interesting twist to the water Prodigy Elemental, but not entirely in my comfort zone of topics as I was definitely a more straight-laced woman. Some might call my delicate sensibilities prudish. They would probably be right.

I cleared my throat, peering away from the Elementals scouring the crowd. "You wanna dance? Get lost in the masses?" The easiest place to hide.

He downed his drink. "As long as Dominic doesn't get mad."

I snorted, taking his hand and yanking him onto the dance floor, maneuvering us through the crush. "Dominic trusts me just like I do him." I pointed with my free hand to where Dominic was dancing with two Shifter women who were plastered all over him. "It's a Shifter thing."

He chuckled, watching. "Must be nice."

"It's not like that and you know it," I retorted, turning to face him. The Shifters needed their alpha; touch was essential to the distraught. Jack still just stood there. "We gonna dance? Or watch everyone else have fun?"

Wary eyes flicked to Dominic. "You're mated."

"Yes, but that doesn't mean I can't dance and save your butt at the same time." I made him dance with me. For half a song he moved stiffly, but finally got with it and loosened up when Dominic nodded to us. Trust. We had it.

At first, I thought Jack's dancing style was...odd. That was putting it nicely. I blamed it on our cultural differences, a bopping skill I wasn't accustomed to, but I quickly realized he kept ducking because the two Elementals hadn't given up their chase. I laughed, breathless, four songs down, as I watched him duck for, like, the thirtieth time. "You're a love 'em, and leave 'em, kind of guy, huh?"

He shrugged, moving his hips with mine. "I don't want anything serious right now. I'm enjoying myself without attachments." He ducked again, rolling his eyes. "Everyone I get involved with knows it, but some take it better than others." He glanced over my head, tilting his chin up in greeting. "Hey, Ezra. Enjoy your time with Lana?" He grinned. "I've heard she has her talents."

I felt heat against my back, and smelled a hint of what was possibly cigarette smoke, right before I was sandwiched between Jack and Ezra. I stiffened at first, but within a few moments' time, the three of us were moving together to the hypnotic beat. Jack's hands were still on my hips, and Ezra slid his around my waist to my stomach, holding me casually as he said, "Lana's cool." He paused. "Too talkative, though."

I chuckled quietly. "Don't say bad things about the woman you just screwed." I tilted my head to the side, looking up at him. "It's not polite." I paused. "You should wait at least a few weeks, and never to anyone who would blab. Too many ears around here."

His lips curved. "And here I thought it would be impolite to list her talents around you."

I shook my head and looked back down. He was different.

The three of us grooved on the dance floor for another two songs, and soon we were surrounded by Elementals and Vampires, their heated bodies pressed against ours, vying to dance with the Prodigy hotties. I stayed in the masses, not feeling at all nervous or uncomfortable, but actually enjoying myself. It was probably my hybrid nature, but I didn't get freaked when other Mystical factions were around me in large numbers.

You alright over there? Dominic asked.

I'm having a blast, I replied, meaning it. But I am getting a little tired. How about you?

Seriously enjoying myself, he answered. Not tired at all.

Jack lifted me straight into the air, twirling and tossing me a foot away to Ezra, who caught me around the waist, lowering me in a fluid dip before I was quickly sandwiched again.

After this song, I think I'm gonna head home, I added. I was a little breathless from all the twirling, jumping, and such. Plus, the rivaling Mystical women were totally throwing off body heat. Can someone give you a ride if you don't want to head out?

I'm sure someone can. He paused. You sure you don't mind?

No. I really didn't. I'm good, but don't take too long.

He growled. I may wake you when I get there.

Sounds good, my big, bad wolf. Wiping sweat off my forehead, I continued dancing, glued between Ezra and Jack, but began to glance to the left and right.

Jack asked, "Looking for a way out?"

I laughed, caught, but seeing no breaks in the dancers around us. "Yeah, I'm getting tired," another swipe of my forehead, "and hot. It's time to call it a night."

Jack's expression turned woeful.

I guessed, "You came with those two, didn't you?"

Sluggishly, he nodded. "Can you give me a ride?"

"And me?" Ezra asked instantly, bending to speak against my ear. "The jackass brought me here in their car."

"I heard that," Jack muttered absently.

I sighed. "As long as you two don't mind riding in a truck, not a limo." They didn't actually ride in limos to school, but the implication was clear. My truck wasn't a luxury vehicle.

Both quickly agreed, and then were making their own tunneling hole through the crowd, with me still stuck in the middle, swiftly and safely exiting into the outer area of the pulsating, crowded dance floor.

I breathed in fresh air as I lifted my hair off my neck, trying to get a breeze.

As we walked, Jack grinned. "Want me to wet you down?"

I glanced at my skin-tight red top. "I don't think so, but thanks for nothing."

Ezra held the door open as we exited the building.

I waved to Pearl and Gideon, seeing Pearl sliding onto the driver's seat of her car, and Gideon, apparently staying behind, squatting next to the open door. Although, a few beats later, I wasn't entirely sure when Pearl would actually be leaving since Gideon had his tongue down her throat.

I hopped into my truck, unlocked the passenger door, and hurriedly put my seatbelt on. It was my very own heavy-duty getaway car. Lifelong learning of self-preservation wouldn't have me own anything else. Ezra and Jack both squeezed onto the bench seat, and because neither man was exactly small, it left me squashed between Ezra and my driver's side door. "You two should cut down on the 'roids." I wiggled a bit, but decided it wasn't going to get any better. "Put your seatbelts on."

Ezra chuckled as both of them maneuvered to do as told, then he put his arms on the back of the seat, giving Jack and me a smidge more space. "So says the mini-Mys." He paused, and I turned the ignition on, rolling my eyes at him. "You know, you talk like a Com. Steroids don't do anything for us and most Mysticals don't even know what they are."

I kept my mouth shut and turned out of the parking lot, shrugging.

What was I supposed to say? That I had broken the Law by doctoring my school papers, and had actually spent the majority of my life with Coms? Not really an option with the Prodigies.

"You guys live with the Kings?" I asked into the silence, rolling my window down for fresh air; with their magic trickling inside the cab, the air was stifling.

"Yep," Jack answered, leaning over Ezra to turn on the radio. He pressed buttons. Again and again. A station-surfer. Every fifteen seconds, he pressed a different button, switching the station.

After two minutes of it, I swatted his hand. "Stop that. You're giving me a headache."

Jack gazed up from the radio. "Mysticals don't get headaches. Not unless you have a germ?" Blue eyebrows rose.

I sighed. "It's a figure of speech. What I really meant is it's annoying me."

"More Com talk," Ezra murmured softly, even as he knocked Jack's hand aside when he tried changing the station again. "She's right. That's annoying."

More trees and blacktop drifted by under the midnight blue sky as I drove to King Venclaire's house first, keeping my mouth firmly shut against the Vampire's awareness.

Jack asked into the quiet, sounding curious, "Lily, can I ask you a personal question?"

"Depends on how personal." Truth.

"About being mated?"

I shrugged. "Sure."

He turned as much as he could on the seat, gazing around Ezra, and stared at my profile. "Is it true you aren't sexually interested in anyone else?" He shuddered, his blue eyebrows together. "I can't imagine how that would feel. One person. Forever."

My chuckle was soft. "Yeah. It's true. No one does it for me but Dominic."

His gaze was perplexed. "No one even looks good?"

I laughed outright. "I'm not blind. I know when men are hot." A simple shrug. "But, there's just no real interest in," I pointed at my head, and then my chest, "here."

"They say being mated you can't even get turned on by someone else." Jack blinked extremely slowly, his tone morbidly serious. "Honestly, that freaks me out."

For a man, I imagined it would. A woman's bodily reaction wasn't so obvious. "I can honestly say I've never been turned on by anyone else since Dominic and I mated."

"Huh." He stared.

"What?"

His lips twitched. "Mind if I test that theory?"

Silence.

This time I was left blinking and, eventually, I sputtered, "What?" I ignored the fact it came out a little high pitched. "Jack, when I offered you a ride, I didn't mean a ride."

He shrugged. "I won't have to touch-you, touch you. Ezra and I both have the power to seduce with a single touch. All higher powers do."

I stared out the windshield.

Jack clarified, "Call it a scientific experiment if you wish. I just can't believe what everyone else says. It's too much."

"It's the mate magic," I explained slowly. "It won't let me be turned on by anyone else."

"It won't hurt then," Jack coaxed, wiggling restlessly on the seat. "I wouldn't be so freaked if it proved the Elders, and the Kings, had been lying," a jerking hand wave, "about not being able to get it up with someone else."

I choked, trying not to laugh, my cheeks puffing with it. He was a "to be" King, but he was still just a man. I bit my lip, eventually shrugging. "It won't work." I glanced at him, my eyes narrowing. "You won't do anything adulterous, will you?"

He shook his head, held up his index finger. "Just touch your hand with my finger."

I stared at his seemingly innocent finger before sliding my attention back to the dark road. "Whatever, but you won't like the results. It'll probably give you an even larger complex than you already have."

"Or, it'll cure me," he muttered quietly. In the dimness of my truck's cab, his eyes glowed softly and his power flared just as gently. "Here's to hoping." Reaching across Ezra, Jack touched the back of my hand with the tip of his index finger.

An immediate wave of warm, sensual, dizzying water stroked over me leisurely, eliciting a gasp from my parted lips; the truck jerked to the right before I righted it back onto the blacktop. The surge continued, caressing me from head to toe. Everywhere between. It was stunning.

Astonishing.

Unbelievable.

Spectacular.

But, no, it didn't turn me on, the sensation diminishing as he withdrew his finger.

I cleared my throat hard, glancing to him. "That's cool, but no go."

Blue eyebrows slammed together, his brown eyes swinging to Ezra.

Ezra sighed. "I've known people who were mated before, and I agree with her."

"Humor me." Jack was glaring, but his fingers were tapping on his leg.

Ezra chuckled, and his nostrils flared. Inhaling deeply, he held the breath in, testing the air, scenting for emotions. He shook his head, exhaling. "Surprised, yes, but not stimulated."

Jack cursed, turning on the bench seat to face the front. "God, I pray my mate's not a spirit." The mysterious, white-haired spirit Elementals were the rarest breed of Elementals, to the point that I hadn't even seen one in my life.

Flexing my fingers on the steering wheel, I sucked in an immense breath of the night air rushing in through the open window as the remnants of Jack's magic dissipated from the cab. As I watched the trees go by, I wondered if Dominic had been as troubled as Jack before mating me. He didn't act it now - not at all - but in the few short months we had been together I had never asked him that question, never even pondered the thought before now.

Unexpectedly, an impression interrupted my musings.

My eyebrows furrowed as I felt...extreme worry.

Not my own emotion, either.

Jack murmured, "Ezra, maybe you..." He was still chatting, but I didn't listen.

Dominic? I asked privately, speculating that the little experiment had gone through to him. He probably wouldn't be thrilled about it, but he wouldn't be too upset, either, his emotion not entirely reasonable. Plus, he had never done that whole finger-touch-thing to me before and I was planning to ask him to. I would have to tell him how I knew in the first place. But, right now, I had to figure out what was wrong with him. What's going on?

He didn't respond, and I started slowing the truck. "Dominic?" I asked both mentally and physically, and Jack glanced in my direction while Ezra stiffened next to me. "Dominic?" I could feel even more worry rushing from him. I shouted mentally and physically, "ANSWER ME!"

I jerked on the brakes when his reply came.

Under attack, he responded quickly. Call the Kings.

Sucking in a harsh breath, I asked both aloud and privately, "Who's attacking?"

Both men in my cab froze.

No reply.

I screamed as slicing agony hammered through my skull.

Love you, Dominic whispered into the pain.

Deafening silence.

Hands on my head, I sucked air as the pressure inside my skull died suddenly, but a new one began in my chest. My eyes burned, wetting instantly, my hands grabbing my shirt, my chest. "Dominic!" I screamed aloud and privately, true panic, fear, and pain consuming me, my entire body trembling. "Dominic!"

Jack and Ezra were already on their cell phones talking to the Kings, understanding the gist of my one-way conversation, even as I sucked in another breath before yelling in dread. Pure emptiness poured into my soul. I was on the brink of passing out from it but, just as suddenly as the emptiness had filled me, I bowed against the seatbelt, screaming as a rush of magic hit me.

Ezra grabbed me with his massive arm, dropping his cell to jerk the truck into park.

I could barely feel his hands while I was seared.

Cooked alive from an influx of power.

I convulsed.

Shrieked.

Chapter Four

My face soaked with searing tears, Jack and Ezra shouted at me, holding me on their laps in the cab of my truck after they had wrangled our seatbelts off. Powered magic scalded through my chest. I could scarcely keep my eyes open. I couldn't speak and was barely able to breathe as I continued shivering, crying out through clenched teeth. Only instinct had me keeping my lips over my teeth, my bitty fangs extended.

Trying to keep me contained, Jack fumbled with his cell, yelling into the receiver, "I don't know what's wrong with her!"

"Headlights behind us," Ezra rumbled over my sobs, lifting me against his chest in a bone-cracking hold, his heartbeat accelerated against my cheek.

Vaguely, I heard tires screeching, a car stopping next to us and, only a beat later, Pearl's concerned voice through the open window. "Is everything alright?"

"No!" Jack bellowed, his voice stressed in bewilderment as I jerked against them, another whimper fleeing past my pinched lips. "We think Dominic was attacked, and something's wrong with Lily!"

"Oh my God!" Pearl cried. A car door slamming. Heels swiftly clicking on blacktop.

"Wait!" Ezra hollered, his body predatory still against me. "Pearl, get back in your car!"

A gunshot echoed through the night, vibrating, heavy with implication. I knew the unmistakable, forbidding sound now after taking my weapons classes. Too bad I was in too much damn agony to feel any of the shocked anxiety weighing severely in the cab. I would gladly take that over this torture.

Pearl screamed instantaneously, profoundly suffering, echoing my own heaving cries.

"Fuck," Ezra rumbled harshly, slipping farther down on the seat, taking me with him as at least five more rounds fired sharply, my truck wobbling to the right, then the left, jerking hard. Almost instantly, more shots erupted, sounding like they hit Pearl's car. "They took our tires." Ezra yanked me against him completely, lifting my legs off Jack and ordering him, "Get Pearl. She took a hit to the shoulder."

I could still hear her crying outside my truck somewhere. Blinking my eyes open, I saw Jack's eyes glow brown; my eyes stuck on his frightening expression. Power began swirling inside the cab, lifting my hair and taking from me the little bit of breath I could get. He threw the door open, jumping outside and, suddenly, a wall of blue water surrounded him in a tight circle from head to toe. The water moved like a waterfall, but in reverse, a constant rage of liquid rushing upward on the outside and possibly traveling downward on the inside, rotating, but I couldn't see inside to tell; Jack was completely unseen inside the protection.

"Christ," Ezra muttered, yanking the door closed as the circular wall of water raced around the front of my truck, a radiant, shiny aqua in my headlights. More shots fired, the noise louder than before, and Ezra smashed me on the seat, covering my body with his. He grabbed for his cell on the floor, and we both heard Pearl cry out in pain, hopefully just from Jack aiding her.

Ezra placed his cell to his ear without dialing out, King Venclaire obviously still on the line, and muttered, "We're surrounded. Multiple gunshots coming from various locations. Pearl's been hit, and something's seriously wrong with Lily." He paused, listening over Pearl's and my cries, and the rapid gunfire, then stated quickly, "We're about five miles out. I think we can make it if you take out the ones closest to your house." He nodded, listening to King Venclaire as Jack opened the driver's side door.

All I saw through my narrowed gaze was the wall of shimmering blue water, but I could hear Pearl's groans from behind it and Jack's soothing voice as he tried to calm her.

"We're coming now." Ezra pocketed his cell, telling the wall of water, "Five miles to the King's house. We'll have to run. Can you make it with Pearl?"

A masculine snort sounded. "I can make it, but we need to hurry. The shot was silver and it didn't exit. Her power's down."

Ezra stilled with the news.

I moaned, "Dominic...I can't..." I didn't understand it. "I can't feel him. Gone...and the power..." I sobbed, keeping my face against the heated flesh of Ezra's neck. "I can't feel him!"

Silence for a heartbeat, then another round of shots fired, reverberating harshly.

Jack murmured swiftly, "We need to move."

"Go," Ezra ordered. "We'll be right behind you."

The wall of water dashed out of sight with Pearl sobbing in pain within its depths.

"Hang on," Ezra ordered softly. "Put your arms around my neck, and hold on tight."

"I hurt," I whimpered. "Too much...power."

"I know you hurt, but my power is helping you right now. Just hang on to me," he hushed softly, wrapping his arms around me tight and, abruptly, we were flying. At least, it felt like it. I cried out at the initial jarring, but I wrapped my arms around his neck as he blurred into the night in large, zigzagging patterns.

I squinted over his shoulder while he used his Vampire speed, which was infinitely faster than mine, allowing my eyes to glow. Men in hooded red robes were exiting out of the dark tree line on either side of the thin road, carrying shotguns and torches. It was the last thing I saw before Ezra really started running, little more than a blur, the pace dizzying.

Darkness finally took me.

Pacing the formal living room of my biological dad's house, still in confusing, impressive pain, my jaw - fangs not relinquishing in length - was clenched so hard my teeth were grinding while the tears continued tracking down my cheeks. The place looked like, well, a King's home. A traditional King's home with Victorian furniture of ivories and oak, little lamps with dangling crystals, and ivory carpeting that smelled brand new. If my Core didn't ache so acutely, I would have asked him where his real quarters were, because this sure as hell wasn't a Vampire's home. This was a home for political entertaining that would suit all kinds.

A yank of my shirt kept my hands busy. I was a mess of emotions and a bundle of energy. After waking on the couch with King Venclaire watching over me, I had jumped away from him and began my stalking. Going one way toward the mass of Vampire guards - all dressed in black fatigues - he had lining one wall, and then toward him, Ezra, King Fergus, and Jack, who were all covertly watching me and quietly talking together. As if I couldn't hear them.

Keeping my head down, my wolf riding my tone, I growled, "How much longer?"

Pearl was in another room with King Nelson who was working on her injury. Honestly, I didn't really care. She wasn't dead, and she wasn't going to die, from what I had heard. Right then, all I cared about was Dominic. I kept trying to call him telepathically, but I wasn't getting a response, and I didn't appreciate what they were whispering over there.

King Venclaire murmured in a soft, soothing voice, "King Kincaid should be here shortly. We'll know then. You should sit down." He had tried his power on me, too, but it hadn't helped the throbbing inside my Core; his mien had altered to neutrality at that fact.

I shook my head, my hair flying about my flushed face. "Just let me go check." I glanced to the door, my wolf snarling at the guards moving to block it. "I need to find out what's wrong with Dominic." I rubbed at my chest. My Core was bursting with power, so much so that it branded, but there was an empty place too. The spot where Dominic resided.

It terrified me.

"Lily, please sit down," King Fergus murmured just as gently as King Venclaire, and I couldn't help the growl my wolf shot in his direction. "You're going to exhaust yourself more than you already are." He said this with dried blood splattered all over him.

King Venclaire was also covered in blood, as was Ezra and Jack. Jack had carried Pearl while she was bleeding, so that explained his appearance, but I was betting there were a few less men in red robes out there tonight judging from the others' stained clothes.

I shook my head again, feeling very much the wolf inside me. "No," I growled low. "I've got," a yank of my shirt, rubbing my chest, "too much." A deep breath, a few jumps in place, a shake of my limbs. "There's too much in me. I need out."

Both Kings went mute, staring, their countenances the same now: a quiet detachment.

My wolf rumbled a soft growl, my chin tucked down and my eyes glowed. I understood they weren't going to allow me to leave, so I pivoted, stalking once more.

King Fergus whispered, "That's not a good sign."

"What's not?" Ezra probed, not bothering to keep his voice down, knowing I could hear him and not seeming to care.

"A mate, a wolf," my biological dad murmured quietly, smoothly.

I turned in my prowl to see King Fergus nodding.

"Quit talking about me as if I'm not here!" My wolf's growl that exploded from my chest was low, rumbling pure menace, as fear and irritation grabbed hold. A pulse of power shot out from me in my panic, straight at their group. They visibly jerked, and I snapped my glowing gaze to the men at the door. Caged in. "Let. Me. Out!" Another shot of power pulsed from my Core, my magic giving me what I needed to escape, and the men at the door stumbled, falling to their knees.

The two Kings were swiftly in front of me, while Ezra and Jack crept up behind me.

I gradually crouched, plenty Shifter, a smidge Vampire, as they surrounded me.

King Venclaire held up his hands as I rested on the balls of my feet, one of my hands on the ground in front of me, the other ready to grab someone, my eyes glowing bright. His tone softly hypnotic, he whispered, "Lily, you need to calm down. King Kincaid will be in here in a matter of moments. I can hear his car pulling up the driveway now." He lifted a thumb over his shoulder where his men were picking themselves up. "I don't want any of my men hurt so, please, calm yourself."

I took a delicate breath, managing to sanely spell out, "I don't like being caged in." Another deep breath. "Back away."

As one, all four took a fluid step back.

Gradually rising, I cocked my head and listened. My biological dad hadn't lied. I could hear King Kincaid's car on the driveway, but I didn't say so because it was possibly my Vampire hearing helping me there. I resumed pacing, brushing between Jack and Ezra. They didn't try to stop me, but they were watching me even more closely now. Whatever. I just wanted Dominic to get his butt in here and hold me tight so I could do the same to him.

Hearing the front door open, I stalled, ready to pounce on Dominic as soon as I saw him. He was seriously going to get an earful. No mate should ever leave the other hanging like this.

I flexed my fingers, shuffling on my feet, eyes glued to the doorway.

King Kincaid and Fi came in to view.

They stopped under the archway of the door.

All oxygen left me.

My feet went flat and I started backing up, shaking my head rapidly.

My heart beat a chaotic rhythm, dread filling me soul-deep. Chest constricting, I gasped for air that didn't come. I grabbed my throat and my chest, staring at their tear-stained faces.

Appearing as if they had aged a hundred Com years, their bloodshot eyes found mine.

I banged against a wall, leaning heavily on it. "Don't," I whispered thickly, knowing their expression. I had seen it once before. Last year, on my mom's friend's face, right after she had found her dead. "Don't you dare say it." A sharp shake of my head. "He's not dead."

"Lily," Dominic's dad spoke, his voice rasping, cracking. "Come here, honey." Gently, he released his grasp on Fi's shoulder, who wobbled and wiped her wet cheeks as he crept toward me. "You'll be alright. Just come here." His arms were opened wide, his feet still moving, and his voice broken, splintered, like my heart, the very depth of me. "I'm so sorry, honey. There was nothing we could do."

I choked on a gut-wrenching sob, my mind screaming denials. "He cannot be dead!" I jammed a pointed finger at him. "He is not dead." Mine! Dominic was mine! Shaking hard, I demanded, "No, goddammit!"

Dominic's dad was so close. Too close made this real. It couldn't be real.

A cool breeze brushed my hand. A window. Mind raging, I screamed, "He. Cannot. Be. Dead!" Dark eyes, so like Dominic's, gazed back at me with compassion. Almost on me.

Twisting sharply toward the window, I threw myself at it. The screen busted with the force of contact, flying out with me. I didn't even feel the impact as I hit grass, rolling. I didn't look back as I heard the shouts.

I ran.

Ran away from death that seemed to follow me everywhere. All I'd ever loved was dead.

I wasn't going to deal tonight with my life's mate gone forever.

My feet kept moving, my heart and Core shredded beyond repair.

Chapter Five

Sitting high on a tree branch - downwind - I watched my mate's funeral service. Hugging the oak tree, no tears fell. There were none left. I had cried them all out during the four days since he had been shot in the head when Hell's Gate was attacked. The bullet hadn't even been silver. A blunder on the shooter's account, but the wound had still been deadly. Even though I had been on the run, barely staying ahead of the Mys soldiers tracking me, I had watched the news.

I knew how my mate had died.

I also knew they were calling me the new Prodigy Shifter. The power passed to the mate if the Prodigy Shifter had already mated and the mate was a wolf. I fit all those categories. The power now warming me full was, indeed, the Prodigy Shifter power.

There were two problems.

One: I didn't want it.

Two: I was a hybrid.

Two very important issues, although, all Mysticals worldwide would think my second issue more important than my first. Normally, Elders or Kings, one from each of the four factions, came together during an Awakening. The Elder, or King, who was part of your Mys faction led the change that brought you into your power, but the other three were needed. Four powers, side-by-side, but still individually separated, all but for a singular touch. Hence, the no hybrid Law. The reason for the Executioner. Why being me, a hybrid, was a death sentence walking.

There was logic behind their barbaric madness. If every Mys started breeding with one another, then there might eventually be no separation. No separation meant no Awakening. And no Awakening for a Mys meant death. Death meant the end of the Mys race altogether.

Although, understanding the reasons didn't mean I would let myself be killed.

Here I was, now the Prodigy Shifter. I really didn't care. I just knew I would gladly give this power to someone else. Then, get the hell out.

Sleep for a year. Or two.

In a cave.

In a deserted area.

Preferably, on another planet entirely.

I didn't want to deal with anyone right then. Numbness had etched its way into my veins, and it wasn't relinquishing its hold. I would never again have love like I'd had with Dominic. I was now forced to walk my life alone. I didn't know any other way to feel but how I did.

The preacher was saying a lovely speech about Dominic. He had already said his main eulogy at the church, where I had secreted myself in the attic to hide from the Mysticals in the overfilled pews. Dominic's dad had said a few words about him, as had a couple of his friends.

Staring at the black casket with the black wolf emblem, I heard the grass crunching softly behind the tree. Not moving, I inhaled deeply, and felt my eyebrows come together. I sniffed again, testing the air for traces of individuality. I knew that scent, but I couldn't place it immediately.

Another deep inhale, stalling thoughtfully. Recognition dawning, I peered down. It had been over two years since I had scented him last, but he had been in my life for so long there was no disguising his scent, especially with my Shifter power now Awakened.

And still, I only felt numb.

I merely waited silently, watching as the Mage moved under the tree and leaned against the trunk with his hands in the pockets of his black dress slacks, noiselessly watching the funeral. No one near the casket could see me in the foliage of the tree, being so far away, but they could see him if they happened to look this way. Not wanting to get caught, and not stupid enough to think he didn't know I was up here, I muttered softly, "Get up here."

"Thank you. Your perch would probably have the better view," Antonio, the only father figure I had known growing up, whom I had thought dead, stated quietly, not peering up at me. He toed off his black dress shoes before jumping agilely, grabbing the nearest branch. Appearing all of upper twenties in Com years (meaning he was probably close to eighty since Mysticals' bodies aged like a Commoner until the age of twenty-two, then slowed down dramatically), he moved easily through the branches to sit on the limb beside me. After a few moments of silence, he whispered gently, "I'm sorry about Dominic, Lil."

Hearing him say my nickname was odd. "Thank you." I didn't know what else to say. No one was sorrier than me and, truly, words were only words. I would rather not hear them.

He seemed to understand this, his full attention back on the service, staying quiet.

Resting my head against the tree, I found it peculiarly comforting I could at least still feel the rough scratch of the bark on my cheek, even while being empty on the inside. Minutes passed as the preacher finished his kind words. I watched as the huge mass of Mysticals began saying their condolences to King Kincaid and Fi once again, absolutely knowing I was in the correct spot. I wouldn't have been able to handle that.

Watching the mourners walk to their vehicles, Antonio eventually broke our silence, asking, "Are you hungry? I have a turkey sandwich in the car." Not the words I had expected.

With a slow blink, I realized my stomach was growling loudly. I tried to remember the last time I had eaten, but couldn't remember when. Never a good thing for a Vampire.

"I also have a few bags of blood," he murmured gently.

I swallowed hard. I hadn't quenched my blood thirst since Dominic had died. Now that he was gone, I would have to start back on the bags-o-blood. The thought made me more than slightly nauseous.

He rested the palm of his hand softly, lovingly, on my cheek. "Let's go for a ride. You can eat while we talk."

"That's why you're here?" I asked, voice void of emotion. "You want to talk with me after leaving without even a goodbye?" The last time I had seen him, it had been the day of my Vampire Awakening when he and my mom had brought two strangers - the Vampire and Elemental portions - to assist. Shortly afterward, he had walked out the door behind them, his feisty pet eagle with him. He had left us.

"It's complicated. I had to go," he stated tenderly, running his fingers through my hair. "I am sorry though, that I never gave you a proper goodbye." He was being so gentle for the chilling man I knew he could be if he so wished.

Stomach rumbling again, I sighed. If he wanted to talk, he could talk. He would only find me again if I ran right now. Plus, I did have to eat. Two birds, one stone. "Fine. Let's go." A bag of blood rested in my clutching hand while I glared at it. I really didn't want to drink. It didn't look appetizing at all; my attention was better served watching where Antonio was turning down a back road, driving at a slow pace in his Hummer. No frilly car for him, and nor had he ever had one. He was the person who had taught me the art of the getaway.

He pushed my hand higher, placing the bag closer to my mouth, not releasing his grip on my hand. "Get it over with, Lil. You look like shit. You'll end up tearing into a throat if you don't, and I would prefer it not be mine."

I considered the sloshing, crimson liquid, and gulped back the rising bile in my throat. I had already scarfed down the turkey sandwich, chips, and soda. I probably should have waited until I had managed the blood first, but it was too late now.

Closing my eyes, I took a deep breath and sliced my fangs into the sterile bag.

Gagging on the disgusting, cold, bland blood, I felt Antonio's grip tighten on my hand, keeping the bag against my mouth when I started to yank it away. He ordered, "Drink up. You want to go at the neck later? Fine, but right now you need this. Drink." His voice was kind, but still carried an underlying command.

I pinched my nose, sucking it down quickly.

Only to have him hold up another. "One more. You'll have your color back then."

Groaning, I did as ordered. Vile, nasty stuff. Tossing the second bag in the plastic trash sack, I grabbed the toothpaste he handed me. An ample amount went on my tongue.

He hadn't spoken anything of significance yet, but in his now extended silence, I mumbled, "They think I'm going to be the Queen Shifter." I didn't want to talk about Dominic, so I didn't lead with him. Best to ask Antonio how to get out of this mess I was in. "They're telling the press I'm sick with grief. Recovering from my loss, instead of revealing I'm missing."

Antonio's fingers beat a rhythm only he heard on the steering wheel as he cocked his head, apparently thinking, while I began finger-brushing my teeth. He finally spoke when I was through, asking, "What makes you think you won't be the Queen Shifter?"

I stared. "I'm a hybrid, Antonio. You know I can't be. And I don't want to be."

He sighed heavily, resting further on the leather seat, still driving at a snail's pace. "Not touching on the hybrid part, do you really think every previous King or Queen wanted to rule?" His golden brows rose as he stared into my eyes for too long to be done while driving. No wonder he was going so slow. "That they woke up one day, and thought, 'boy, I get to run the entire world for my Mys group, and it'll be so much fun?'" He shook his head. "No, Lil. I can guarantee almost all Rulers didn't want their crown in the beginning. It's not something they had to work for. It was just thrown on them from birth. Slammed so brutally onto their heads, they either learned to deal with it or took drastic measures to get away from it."

"How do I get away from it? How do I give the power to someone else?"

He gave me the look. "The only way to transfer your Queen's power is to die."

"There's no other loophole?" I asked, trying to think of anything else. "What about the person who would have gotten this power if Dominic hadn't been mated? That person can have it!" I shook my head. "I can't do this. I won't be able to do the Awakenings. It would be ludicrous to put me on the throne."

His sideways gaze held sympathy. "The power goes to who it's supposed to. So it doesn't matter who might have gotten it if Dominic hadn't mated. You have it. It's yours. There's no passing the buck to someone else." Antonio reached to open his glove compartment and pulled out a tiny, ancient book, dropping it on my lap. "Take a look at page fifty-four, third paragraph."

Gingerly, I picked up the leather book. It was flaking it was so old. I carefully turned the tips of the pages until I got to page fifty-four. Skimming down the page, I found the third paragraph, and read aloud from the handwritten chicken scratch, "The unimaginable was proven tonight. They were wrong, and so, my son died in vain. All these years, I believed them. Joseph's death justified. Needed. And now, I weep tears of torture, of anguish, for they were wrong. A hybrid can be used as a magical vessel for an Awakening. Joseph, my beautiful boy, I am so sorry. I will surely burn in Hell for what I let him do." Immediately, I stopped, flipping back a few pages. It was a journal, dated May 31, year rubbed out, unknown.

"It's only a madman's ramblings," I mumbled, brows furrowed, gently closing the book and placing it back in the glove compartment, even as my heart fluttered. "Nothing more."

"You know it's hard for us to conceive compared to Coms," he glanced to me, "a hybrid birth even more rare with self-induced faction separation, but in my extensive searches I've found more journals with similar words inscribed as written proof. I don't believe those accounts are all mere insane ramblings. I believe them to be fact."

"If they were true, then why would they continue killing hybrids?"

"Fear, most likely. If you had kept reading to the end of that journal, you would have found that the father kills himself out of shame, much like all the other accounts I've found. Nowhere in them did the parent indicate they'd tried to enlighten their Ruler of their findings."

I stared blankly at the road ahead. "Even if that were true, I still don't want to be Queen." He obviously believed what he said, his words truth.

Antonio huffed irritably. "It's time to grow up, kiddo. We don't always get to pick what we want in life. You just make the best of the life you're given." Golden eyes rested unbreakably on mine. "Your life has been picked for you. It's time to own up to it."

Jaw clenching, I questioned, "Why have you been helping me my whole life, only to leave me, and then show up now?" My blue eyes held the same hardness he had given me. "You want me to own up to the truth? To reality? Then you can give me the same in return." I waited, watching him closely, scenting the air.

He answered simply, "Because I must." Truth.

I snorted. Nice evasive answer. "Who are you really?" He had left before I had been completely coherent after my first Awakening, last name an alias, and now, I could feel his power with my own humming in my Core, and his power was immense.

He hesitated. "An Elder."

I blinked. "You were a King?" I hadn't seen that coming.

A gradual nod. "Yes."

I studied him even more closely. His age. My eyes unblinking, words measured. "You were a King fifty years ago when Mysticals came out." The war. The upheaval. It all made sense now. How brutal he was at times. Everything he had taught me to keep myself alive.

Another nod. "It's time you knew."

"For being a King, you and Mom didn't teach me shit about Mysticals." My eyes didn't venture away from him while I took in the fact that the King Mage, one of the four biggest bads during the war that had seized the world for ten years, had raised me, right beside my soft mom. It seemed so bizarre. They had always been an unusual pair. They hadn't been lovers from what I could remember, but they had been roommates, co-parenting my upbringing.

The man I knew as my real dad had been King...and he was crazy powerful.

He snorted. "We taught you what you needed to know."

"No wonder Mom trusted your spell on me." The spell he put on me when I was a baby to hide my Vampire power from uncomfortable, curiosity-driven magical probes.

He shrugged. "It took me a few months to perfect it."

Bit by bit, I turned my regard back to the road, muttering, "I know what road you're on." Of course I did. "Were you planning on asking me if I wanted to go back to King Kincaid's? Or were you going to hogtie me and carry me inside?" Knowing who he was now, I wouldn't put it past him.

Even though he was an Elder, Antonio wasn't killing me on the spot for being a hybrid because he believed I could handle an Awakening, leaving me no other option but to believe it, too. For now. Only time would tell. I sure as hell didn't plan on blabbing to anyone anytime soon about what I was.

His lips twitched. "I would prefer you go peacefully." He wasn't kidding.

Eyes on the road ahead, I pointed a defeated finger onward. "Take me to the King's home." He nodded, pressing harder on the gas pedal, and I remarked vaguely, "I met my biological father."

He was silent for a few beats. "What do you think of Atticus Venclaire?"

Confirmation. Of course, he knew. "He seems nice enough." I shrugged, brushing breadcrumbs off my black shirt. I didn't give a shit anymore about trendy clothes. I was going to let out my inner darkness through my attire. "Do you know him well? What do you think of him?"

"I always liked the young man," Antonio stated. And I guess, to him, King Venclaire was younger. Forty years younger. "The few times I met him, he was charming, and very kind to your mother." He hesitated, golden eyes flicking to mine. "I believe he truly cared for her."

I nodded. "I got that off him." I added, so he knew, "I haven't told anyone about me being a hybrid. Only Dominic knew." I stopped, my mind going numb mentioning his name.

Antonio pulled to a stop at King Kincaid's gated property, which was now heavily guarded, rolling his window down to speak to the patrol at the entrance. "Elder Farrar to see King Kincaid."

It was then I knew his actual last name - knowledge a daughter generally had.

The Shifter's eyes went wide, clearly in shock, and he sputtered unintelligibly while nodding his head rapidly. I don't even think he noticed me. He jumped into his little booth and the gates instantly opened. Guess he knew who Antonio was. He was on the phone only a moment later as we began driving through. At least King Kincaid would have a little warning.

Strolling inside the full foyer with Mysticals milling everywhere, all talking quietly and respectfully, all here mourning Dominic, I stared with void eyes, my heart shriveling even further; I was seriously hoping they didn't approach me right now.

Antonio lifted a golden ring, an Elder's ring, from his pocket, slipping it on his finger before he placed a gentle arm over my shoulders, protective, keeping me close against him. He kissed my forehead softly as he murmured, "It'll be alright, Lil. I promise you that."

I nodded mechanically, staying in his strong, quickly familiar embrace, taking what comfort I could. I was so cold. Didn't feel like I would ever be warm again.

The grievers were only beginning to notice me. My face hadn't been flashed all over the news, even though my name had, but any of my classmates here would know who I was. While I was taking a deep, fortifying breath, all four Kings, their two mates, the three Prodigies, and their one mate came around the corner in a flurry, all scanning the packed foyer.

Antonio grumbled on a mere breath against my ear, "I think I hate this more than you."

I didn't get a chance to ask what he meant. As a whole, their group spotted us. Most stared at Antonio in awe. All of them definitely stared in shock when they saw me under his arm.

Dominic's parents, King Kincaid and Fi, rushed forward, swooping in to hug me.

It was awkward, since Antonio wasn't releasing me. His tone quiet, he asked, "Is there somewhere we can speak privately?"

King Kincaid kissed my temple, even while Fi brushed a soft hand over my hair, a few tears trickling down her cheeks. The King's dark eyes examined where Antonio was holding me and he nodded. "In my study." He hesitated, but finally tilted his head to the other Kings, asking, "With the others?"

"That'll do."

King Kincaid nodded once, gesturing for us to follow him.

Once inside the study with the door firmly locked, they again stared at Antonio and then at me. And back again. Still with those emotions of shock and awe flying over most of their faces.

Antonio cleared his throat. "Thank you for meeting with me."

They nodded, no words.

Humor almost found me. I had seen the man in his underwear, eating cereal and his golden hair a rat's nest, almost every Saturday morning of my life. There was really nothing awing about that. He was still Antonio to me, Elder or not.

King Kincaid recovered the swiftest. "It's a pleasure to have you in our home, Elder Farrar. It's been too many years since..." He cleared his throat. "It is a pleasure."

"Thank you, King Kincaid." Antonio dipped his head regally, a comical action to me, and again, amusement tickled my coldness. "I know I've been absent some years, and I'm sure my being here is a shock." Wagering his "absence" had been to help take care of me wasn't a long shot.

"I assure you, we're honored," Fi murmured, still wearing an air of wonder. "Where did you find our Lily?"

"Up a tree," he stated bluntly. Most stared as if they weren't sure if he was serious. He didn't seem to notice. "My Lil, the wolf that loves to climb trees. She always does something to make me smile." He did smile down at me, still tucked under his arm, squeezing my shoulder tenderly. He quickly peered up to King Kincaid and Fi, stating humbly, "I'm very sorry for your loss. Please, excuse me. I should have said that before."

Fi teared up once more and I watched the salty droplets track down her cheeks, still not feeling much of anything unless Antonio was trying to make me laugh or shock me. I blankly observed King Kincaid wrap his arms around his mate, holding her close against his chest and hushing her quietly, while the others moved toward us, giving them a moment.

King Nelson was first, yammering his condolences for so long that Fi had stopped crying by the time he turned to Antonio, stating, "It's truly an honor to meet you. I have many questions I would love to ask you when you have a moment."

So it went, the Kings first.

King Fergus gave me his sympathies before eyeing Antonio and shaking his hand.

I stopped King Kincaid before he stepped back, pulling him close and whispering against his ear, "I don't want to go back to my uncle's."

His wolf huffed quietly, resting his cheek against mine. "You'll stay with Fi and me."

I wasn't through yet. "I don't want him here at all." My uncle might try now.

King Kincaid's frame tensed. "Your reason?"

"Please, just make it happen?"

Ever so slowly, he nodded, pulling back as he stared into my eyes. "Done."

My gaze flittered between his. "It's that easy?"

King Venclaire was standing next to him, eyeing us closely, and he leaned in King Kincaid's direction, muttering softly, "A bullet would rid you of a nuisance." He shrugged, straightening when we cast him a glance. "Just a suggestion."

King Kincaid's dark orbs met mine, and he nodded once. "Yes, it is that easy when I'm King." His smile was feral. "You'll figure that out soon enough." He stepped back, making room for the others.

King Venclaire gave me a warm hug but, since he already knew Antonio, he didn't take long in the line. The two mates in the Kings' group came next. The Prodigies after them.

Pearl gave me a bruising hug before Gideon wrapped me in his arms. It was a small blessing to see Pearl alive and well. And, my God, could she go on endlessly with Antonio. She truly knew all about him, even referencing a few monumental parts of the war he had apparently starred in, and also wanted time later to speak with him alone. Antonio took it better than I would have.

Jack kissed my cheek and yanked me out of Antonio's embrace, practically crushing me against his solid chest. "I'm so sorry." God, he was strong. "I'm just...so sorry." He also surprised me with his level of remorse, since he was so nervous about mates.

Returning his hug, it felt as if I comforted him instead of the other way around, my voice mild. "Thank you." The same answer I gave everyone.

Antonio gently, but firmly, pried me away from Jack's embrace and greeted him.

I watched them but, after a few moments, I felt physical heat on my right side.

Ezra was there, staring quietly at Antonio. He didn't wear the impressed mien the rest did. Instead, his expression was more of stunned wariness. Neither did he give his condolences. Instead, he dipped to my level, asking quietly, "How do you know him?"

"Um..." Trying to think of the safest answer, I decided on the truth. "He helped raise me. I've always known him." Just not exactly who he was.

Ezra stayed lowered at my side. "Curious."

"Is it?" I turned to look at him better. He was acting peculiar.

Ezra shrugged, his nose crinkling a bit as he eyed Antonio, his spikes all sorts of crazy today, using more gel than normal. King Venclaire shot him a stern glance for seemingly taking too long, even though Jack was just finishing with Antonio.

Ezra snorted quietly, but pulled me in for a tight, but gentle, embrace.

Lifting on my tiptoes, I returned his hug.

He whispered quietly against my ear, "Welcome to Ruler's purgatory. It's the special club you love to hate."

I actually snickered against his shoulder, appreciating that he wasn't going to give me any generic line of comfort. That wasn't what I needed right now. "Maybe I'll actually kick your butt on the mats now."

He chuckled quietly, leaning his head back with a black eyebrow cocked. "Never ever going to happen, but if that's what it takes to make you feel all mushy at night, you can keep on fantasizing." He was trying to lighten the mood. Much appreciated.

I merely rolled my eyes.

He gave me another quick squeeze before moving to stand in front of Antonio. Both of their heads were slightly cocked, and they studied one another. Ezra still looked slightly wary, but also thoughtful. Antonio appeared a smidge irritated, and amused, all at once.

Antonio was the first to break their silence, holding out his hand. "Antonio Farrar. Elder. It's a pleasure to properly meet the elusive Ezra Zeller."

Ezra's lips twitched, shaking Antonio's hand.

My thoughts wondered what the hell that was all about, especially when their handshake extended far too long and both of their eyes started glowing, their powers whispering in the air.

King Venclaire had already stepped forward at their greeting, but now he stood directly at Ezra's back, hovering. More than a little protective. It appeared Antonio was respected, and feared, by all. Good to know.

"Yes," Ezra purred, his eyebrow cocking, even though their knuckles were turning white and their eyes were glowing fiercely. "It's a treat to officially meet you, Elder Farrar."

Silence enveloped our group as they continued this.

Ultimately, I elbowed Antonio softly in his ribs, muttering, "You done yet?"

Antonio's smile was wicked as he released Ezra's hand, the flare of his golden eyes steadily quieting to normal and, gently, so did Ezra's. Antonio asked softly, "You're very good, but are you good enough?"

Ezra only stared back, unflinching in his silent regard, even while King Venclaire pulled him back to stand beside the others.

"Let's see now," Antonio muttered, breaking the hush and peering at King Kincaid as he swung his arm back over my shoulders. "Do you have another room here I can use? I'd like to stay close to Lil," a squeeze of my shoulder, "just in case she decides she likes trees more than politics."

My eyes closed, and remained that way. Of course he would stay around to make sure I didn't run off again. I whispered quietly, "I hate you." Sighing softly, I opened my eyes to see King Venclaire and Ezra watching closely, definitely having heard my comment.

Antonio chuckled, even as King Kincaid and Fi practically fell over themselves making sure they had a room available, and he whispered back, "I love you, too, Lil."

I crossed my arms, knowing I would be watched like a mutant, diseased cockroach.

Antonio squeezed me even tighter as King Kincaid told him they had a room close to mine he could have for as long as he wanted.

Perfect Hell.

Antonio sniggered again, giving me a brief, two-armed bear hug before releasing me, his golden eyes steadfast on mine. "I need to pick up clothes and such." He dug into his pocket and pulled out his keys, handing them to me. "You need a car, since yours was taken." I stared at the Hummer's keys, not even knowing my truck had been stolen, and he mumbled with a sigh, "You're welcome." Hands back in his pockets, he clarified, "I'll be back before nightfall."

I glared.

His eyes crinkled in mirth, but I abruptly stood stunned. One minute he was there, the next, he was just gone. No glowing skin. No flaring eyes. Only, poof! Not there anymore.

Into silence, Ezra mumbled, "He raised you? One of the harshest, most vicious heroes in Mys history?"

I nodded dumbly, staring where he used to be.

"And you still can't fight?"

"Shut up."

He shrugged. "Just saying I've got my work cut out for me."

My middle finger made an appearance.

Chapter Six

"Get up," Ezra snarled, scowling at where I lay flat on the mat, frustration hardening the unforgiving lines of his features even further. "I said go left, not right! You need to listen!"

Two and a half months ago, when Ezra had said he had his work cut out for him, well, he had hit the nail on the head, and my little one-finger salute had only egged him on, not helped the situation. He didn't like being argued with. He didn't like anyone telling him no. He didn't like being told what to do. Or, apparently, being flipped off - I should have figured that out the first day I had met him, but no, I was an idiot - since he had laid into me from that day forward.

Even more so now than before.

These new, unimproved, extra morning sparring sessions were followed directly by meetings - right before school - with the Kings and the other Prodigies, since we were at a "Level 5" threat worldwide, compared with previously being at a "Level 10" after Dominic died. An example of peaceful times would be the day before his death. We had been at a "Level 1" then.

That had shown just how complacent the Mys community had become: we had not been clued-up with the intel that a Prodigy was being targeted, much less, all of the Prodigies by the Coms. Our intelligence agency had taken a major hit, to say the least. Only thirty-five percent of those employees still had their jobs within the MSA (Mystical Shield Agency), owed mainly to King Kincaid's fury. The new, and fresh, sixty-five percent were all hardcore, dedicated to the dangers we now lived in.

Pushing onto my side, I glared. "No. You said right, then left!" Sucking in a harsh breath, I realized Ezra had badly bruised my left shoulder blade. Letting my head fall, I bit my lip and blinked tears away. He was so strong. Not to mention, he was so fast I could barely track him.

He growled, stalking me in a circle as I pushed onto my hands and knees. "No. I didn't. Pay attention!" He squatted, glowering into my blinking, glistening eyes. "And there's no damn crying when you spar with me. Learn. Get better. But don't you dare cry."

I closed my eyes. Some days it was so hard to even get out of bed, and when I did make it, the mornings still dark outside it was so early, I had to deal with this. My life. Purgatory had been an apt description by my current tyrant.

At least I was feeling regular emotions again.

"Leave her alone," Pearl muttered from her perch on a soft, cushioned chair. Lucky her. Both she and Jack came over early daily to watch the morning sparring held in King Kincaid's exercise room, since we had to meet in a half-hour anyway. "And your directions weren't very clear."

He grabbed my bicep. Yanked me to my feet. The force almost made me fall. "Again." Grinding his teeth, he ordered harshly, "And this time, left, duck, right."

"Fine," I grumbled tersely, gingerly rolling my aching shoulder, but stayed on the balls of my feet, knowing he would be coming without notice.

I was right. He came at me, and I punched left. Ducked his roundhouse kick. Punched right. Then, he pulled an Ezra move, swiping my feet out from under me when I thought we were done. I grunted as my back hit the mat, and quickly rolled, escaping the foot he slammed down where I had been a second ago, but missing his elbow that hammered against my stomach as he dropped. In these last three months, if I wasn't Mys, he would have killed me.

I gasped, punching blindly through the hurt.

He merely grabbed my wrists, smashing them above my head. Nose-to-nose with me, he whispered harshly, "Not good enough! An experienced Com could take you down. Even with your strength."

Trying to catch my breath, a scowl was all I could manage.

He pushed himself up, stalking across the mats, muttering under his breath.

There were days I could run far, far away, never to see any of these people again.

"Don't even think about it," Antonio groused, eyeing my expression as he stood from the couch where he and King Venclaire had been diligently watching - they always observed our sparring - and privately talking. He was dressed simply in a pair of black cargos, grey t-shirt, no shoes.

I wished I was wearing that much. Instead, Antonio demanded we wear what King Hall had determined as the best attire. Not enough clothing, even if it improved maneuverability.

Me: black sports bra and tiny, black cotton shorts.

Ezra: soft, loose-fitting, black cotton capris.

Moreover, to add to my never-ending misery, it was freezing down here in the basement where the exercise room was located.

Antonio started toward me, and I quickly rolled, pushing to my feet. Whenever he became physically involved in my training the hurt always doubled. Strolling easily, he snapped his fingers at Ezra and crooked a finger, but the obstinate Vampire just stared, not coming as bid. Antonio sighed heavily, muttering, "Ezra, get over here. I don't have time for your attitude today, and her," an agitated jerk of his hand, "flight risk."

Ezra only planted his feet further.

"You know, I want a different teacher," I panted, still breathless, but my conviction was there. "We don't work well together. All he does is yell. All I do is hit the mat. Find me someone else." I crossed my arms, wanting a teacher who wasn't such a drill sergeant. More importantly, someone who believed I could do this, and Ezra certainly didn't.

Ezra spoke then, crossing his own much larger arms. "You won't find anyone better than me. Not Shifter. Not Vampire. Not Mage. Not Elemental." He smiled. It wasn't nice. "I'm the best here, sweetheart."

Glaring at Antonio, I ground out, "Find me someone else."

Startlingly, I actually liked Ezra outside of the mat, especially when he had quit bringing up my Com slang. Rude, crude, and blunt he may be, but remarkably, I got along with him just the way he was when my back wasn't being slammed against a mat repeatedly. Just like I got along with Jack and Pearl. All three of them had been wonderful and supportive since Dominic's death; all of us were frequently together because of the elevated threat level. I was beginning to consider them friends, but if Ezra and I kept this up much longer, it was a real possibility I would begin to hate him. Politically, it wasn't wise to continue risking our future civil relationship.

Ezra opened his piehole, ill-mannered thoughts written all over his features. "I'm the only man foolish enough to even try to train you-"

"Both of you, shut up," Antonio barked loudly, harshly.

We did.

Antonio hardly ever raised his voice, but when he did, it was prudent to at least contemplate obeying.

"Ezra, get over here." He paused, shoulders rising and falling, and added, "Please." When Ezra nodded at the more polite request, his feet moving in our direction, Antonio turned his frustration on me. "He's right. He is the best fighter here. You're stuck with him, kiddo."

My lips thinned, but I didn't argue further, not right there.

Antonio pointed. "Ezra, stand directly behind her." Ezra moved behind me, which elicited a flinch on my part. Having him there usually meant pain on the mat. Antonio rolled his eyes, griping, "I said directly behind her." He reached over me and grabbed Ezra's shoulder, jerking him forward. Ezra banged against my back, and I almost fell. Antonio nodded absently, dropping his hand, and muttered, "There. That's about right."

About right? Ezra was flush against me. I could feel his chest rising and falling against the back of my head; his body and mine were so close we could have been glued together.

Ezra's chest vibrated my head as he asked, "Now what?"

"I have no chance getting away from him starting like this." I tipped my head back, glaring at Antonio. This was going to hurt even more. "I tell you I want a different instructor, and instead, you make the beat down that much easier?"

Antonio slapped a hand over my mouth, rubbing his temple with his free hand. "Just be quiet and listen." My eyes narrowed, but I stayed silent, complying, so he lowered his hand, remaining two feet in front of us. "Lil, I want you to close your eyes." When I merely blinked, resisting him this time, he ordered, "Shut your eyes!"

"Fine," I muttered, closing them.

"Now, I want you to take in your surroundings using your other senses." He paused. "But, most importantly, I want you to feel Ezra behind you. I want you to feel his body heat-"

"What?" My eyes slammed open.

Antonio's eyes were mere slits of gold. "Do as you're told." A blatant command.

With a clenched jaw, I exhaled heavily, shutting my eyes again.

"Now, as I said, use your other senses. Feel Ezra behind you. His heat. His breath. His strength. Every place his body's pressed against yours." He went silent, obviously waiting for me to do this.

"This is weird," I muttered, voicing my opinion, only gradually following his orders.

With a roll of my shoulders, I studied how they moved up and down Ezra's frame, where our bare skin rubbed; a light sweat was misting him, same as me. Inhaling deeply, I smelled his dark, heady flavor, a scent uniquely his own. I felt Ezra's heat as ordered. Focused on it. His resonating warmth, not difficult to perceive, was a furnace of undeniable flames. His solid legs, their sweltering scorch pressed against the sensitive backs of mine. His lean hips, resting just above the small of my back. The sultry blaze of his pecs, brushing the flesh on my shoulder blades, and his rippled abdomen pressed against my back. His curved muscles, his arms lethal and aligned with mine, so much larger that their balminess enveloped mine completely.

Inexplicably, I found myself relaxing. The tension fell away. I nodded. "I'm there."

"Good," Antonio said softly. "Keep your eyes closed and follow his body. Follow his heat, his arms and legs, even his breathing. Don't second-guess yourself, or you'll get hit. Just move with him. Memorize how fluid his movements are, exactly how he's moving. Learn it. Anchor it to your own reactions." Antonio hummed softly. "Ezra, you'll counter my attack, using only defensive, evasive actions. Do not use your Vampire speed. Only react at normal pacing."

"Alright," Ezra murmured leisurely, not arguing.

"I'm ready," I whispered, breathing in time with Ezra's steady, deep inhales.

The raging warmth shifted as the heat of Ezra's right leg pulled away. I followed it with my right foot uncannily. Still keeping my other senses open, I heard a swift, soft drag against the mat from below, and felt the sizzling warmth of Ezra's chest press harder against my back. I went with it, ducking but keeping the heat close, not going too far. A whoosh of air from above.

So it went.

I followed the heat and the lines of his massive body. It wasn't tough. I found it unusually easy, my movements becoming even more fluid as we pivoted and arched backward, more whooshes of air flying past us, exterior scents and heat rushing by. Our arms and legs moved in sync as we lunged, hands on the ground in a push-up position, his body heat still over me as a large whistle of air sprung above us. A second later, we were moving our legs, squatting and then twisting to stand. Crinkling on the mat sounded to the side. Another twirl, ducking with it, and external heat missed us. We stopped.

"Good," Antonio crooned, sounding pleased. I realized I was panting a little from the rapid movements. It had to have been faster than I had thought, but it was still so simple. "Lily, you can open your eyes."

I blinked, my other senses altering from being oversensitive to being natural as I regained my eyesight, and saw Antonio grinning, standing back a few feet and tapping his thumbs on his legs while Pearl, Jack, and King Venclaire stared wide-eyed. My own grin was instant. "I did it!"

Antonio chuckled, nodding, but glanced over my head, stating, "Train her this way, but make sure she has the movements memorized before you spar normally again."

Ezra's warm palms landed gently on my shoulders. "We can handle that." I felt him peer down and I twisted a smidge, gazing up at him, still grinning like an idiot. He chuckled, his teeth blindingly white against his mocha skin. "You didn't completely suck."

Antonio sighed profoundly, walking away.

Only grinning wider, I stared into amused, spring green eyes. "Neither did you. I was following your lead."

Rushing into the study, I heard King Kincaid and Antonio both sigh. I was never on time to these meetings after my morning bouts with Ezra. Always sweating disgustingly, I had to shower afterward. As it was, I wasn't sure my socks matched. Luckily, you couldn't see them under my own black cargos, and I was afraid to double-check to see if I had put on my red t-shirt with the black lettering, Shifters Eat Meat, inside out. That would be a shame because the back read, The Common Meat; the meaning was clear. I'd had it specially made on a shopping trip with Elly. I wasn't in love with Commoners right now.

King Kincaid's eyes narrowed on said shirt as I hustled to the wooden oval table in the center of his study, and he asked, "Is there anything written on the back?"

Flopping on my chair between Jack and Pearl, my expression innocent, I replied, "Can't see it if it does." Guess I had it on right.

Jack choked, having seen the writing, and quickly took a sip of his water, most glancing at him before he mumbled, "A little tickle, nothing serious."

"Germ?" I asked, feeling ornery. He had asked me once.

Pearl snorted, but cleared her throat quickly, guiltless golden eyes following.

Not so virtuous, Jack leaned toward me, resting his arm over my shoulders, his mouth a few inches from mine. "If I've got a germ, you'll have it by nightfall."

"Oh, Jack," I feigned sorrow, talking in a high, girly voice. "That is so sweet, but...our hair clashes. It'll never work out." And, really, red and blue? All we needed to add was a weak Shifter and it would be bizarrely patriotic.

Lips twitching, Jack's mouth parted to say something I guessed was truly ornery by the gleam in his brown eyes, but Antonio cleared his throat, giving us a firm glance. Fine. We were in the presence of the Kings. We settled back on our seats and did what we had to.

We learned that the Com police investigation against us, or more like against King Venclaire, Jack, Ezra, and King Fergus, was officially over. They had been under surveillance since the night of the attack but, since no bodies had been found - a quick glance to King Fergus's green hair told me they were probably buried deep in the earth - the investigation had been put to rest.

We also learned that there were no new leads into which Com group had instigated the planned attacks. All evidence showed it was a small faction - they were all small - and it was near impossible to point a finger at any one particular Com extremist cluster. King Kincaid hadn't been at Hell's Gate in time to capture any of the mob members that had infiltrated the club. They had struck hard, fast, killing not only Dominic, but sixteen other Mysticals, and then fled.

Pretty much the exact same news as every other day.

I had no doubt that once we found the group responsible they would be dealt with swiftly and silently, since our Law didn't always coincide with Com law. There would be no hearing, nor a trial. They would just be dead, once we had factual proof. I really hoped I was on that team, or even leading it. I wanted - needed - my pound of flesh.

When the meeting concluded, I was in the process of dashing out of the room when King Kincaid reprimanded, "Lily, that shirt's not appropriate for what you're doing today."

I pivoted, my red brows together. "What am I doing today that I can't wear this?" I hadn't gotten out of the room fast enough, damn it.

"We've got that thing in New York with the Coms," Jack whispered, yanking softly on the hem of my shirt. "He's probably right."

Jesus.

I had been going to get my book bag for school, having forgotten about the meeting with upper-class Com snobs - soon-to-be politicians of the United States of America - that was planned. It was a meet-and-greet for future contacts. I sighed and mumbled, "I'll go change." My clothing really wasn't appropriate for that crowd, since we were supposed to be getting along.

Peering in the direction of my co-Prodigies, distressingly, I realized what I had missed since entering King Kincaid's study. Not nearly recovered from Dominic's death, certain normal, everyday actions and observations held utterly no sway over me, but now I really appraised their appearance; the delayed perusal showed just how off-kilter I was.

Pearl tempted in her black sassy dress paired with a gold, straight suede jacket. Jack invited with a black leather jacket, a shiny, blue button-up shirt, and black dress slacks. Ezra lured in his black, thin cashmere sweater, black flat-front slacks, and deep sapphire velvet jacket.

Definitely dolled up.

"Just give me a few minutes to find something to wear." Driving them as I normally did every morning, they would have to wait.

"Do you need help?" Pearl asked, her tone careful not to offend.

A shake of my head, irritated with myself. "No. I can handle it." I did.

Jogging to my gifted Hummer - thank you, Antonio - I stumbled, slipping a bit in the December snow, since I was actually wearing heels. Black. In fact, my whole outfit was black, as per usual now, dark like my soul. I had matched the pair of heels with a little black cocktail dress, strapless, the material hugging my chest, but feathered below so it appeared like scarves. A long leather jacket completed my ensemble.

The Prodigy ring Dominic had worn dangled around my neck on a short platinum chain. I hadn't wanted to fit it down to my finger size - it was still his - so I wore it around my neck, close to where my mate mark used to be. When a mate dies, the magic that allowed the scar in the first place disappears, and my skin had healed, unblemished. The ring was one of the only items I kept of his. It was too hard otherwise. I had even switched bedrooms, and so had Antonio, following me like a shadow.

Strapping on her seatbelt, Pearl asked from the backseat, "Can we stop at school first? I need to see Gideon."

"Sure." I didn't ask why she needed to see him. I understood. Turning the heater on low to warm it up and yanking my own seatbelt on, I shivered while waiting for the bodyguards following us to get into their cars. Two cars would drive in front of us, two behind. The new normal, with the threat level as it was. Honestly, it would probably happen from here on out. "You'll need to call the front car to let the guards know."

She nodded, retrieving her cell from her purse, and informed them.

My teeth chattered as I watched the black armored SUV in front of mine, waiting.

Ezra, sitting shotgun, reached over to me, his hand hovering above my exposed thigh. "May I?"

"Do your worst," I muttered, shivers tormenting my body, my breaths visible in bitty puffs.

He rested his heated palm on my bare leg, his eyes flashing once as he ignited his power, a flare of spring green, and peace suffused my entire being.

Though I knew the effect was just mental, I didn't care; I was not about to fight against his power. I felt tranquil instead of glacial, his gifted power not too overriding, soft and gentle, allowing me to feel my emotions, but still removing my immediate discomfort. I groaned, "Thank you."

He nodded, not commenting, and knocked Jack's arm away with his free hand when he tried reaching for the radio from the backseat. Hence, why Jack sat in the back. I had made the mistake of allowing him to sit shotgun the first day the other Prodigies rode with me, and we had all been irritable when we finally arrived at school that day.

The line of cars eventually started moving, and I pulled out with them. I swear it took longer to get the procession started than it did to actually drive to King Hall. Turning onto the road, I tested the vents.

Ezra asked, "Enough?"

"No." I shook my head, still only feeling cold air. "Keep it going."

He squeezed my thigh in acquiescence, turning on the radio with his other hand.

We listened to music on our short drive, entering school grounds through the gated entry. Pulling to a stop in front of the main front doors, we saw Gideon, who was there waiting. Pearl quickly got out with a sigh of relief, seeing him. We watched as they embraced, and I gritted my teeth at their connection, unable to watch for too long; their bond, their constant peace, was too much.

Only to be staggered when Jack cursed profusely, diving down onto the backseat.

Ezra and I scanned the parking lot, snickering simultaneously when we saw an air Elemental staring hard at my Hummer. Everyone knew we rode together now. Jack was hiding from another one of his flings.

Ezra's snigger abruptly cut off, quickly fumbling for the passenger seat controls while wearing an instant expression of irritability, his seat gradually reclining until fully laid back.

My eyes scanning once more, I saw a Vampire woman staring steadfast in our direction and I bit my lip, chuckling deeply, my whole body shaking with it.

"It's not funny!" Jack hissed from his hiding spot. "How many other ways do we have to say it's only a one-off?"

Choking on incredulous hilarity, I asked, "Please tell me you don't actually say that?"

They were both silent, and I really laughed.

Ezra grumbled, "That's not exactly what I say, but it's close." He tilted his head to where Jack hid, grumbling, "You need to work on your tack, man. I'm surprised anyone even stays for the main event after that line."

Jack chuckled cockily. "Oh, they want to stay." I was still snickering when Jack muttered, "Keep laughing it up, Lily. When you get back on the saddle, you'll be dealing with this, too."

My laughter died directly, and I choked a little, an unbidden blush rising to my cheeks.

"Really?" Ezra drawled, watching closely from his hiding spot. "When did this happen?"

"What?" Jack asked, not seeing me. "What happened?"

"It appears Lily's already climbed back on the saddle."

"Oh," Jack breathed swiftly, banging against my seat as he almost rose, but quickly ducked once more. "Who was it?"

"Um," I fumbled, debating internally before deciding to keep it simple, "Antonio said I needed to get back out there. Said me puttering around the house every night for months wasn't healthy." Tense throat-clearing. "So, I did. A few times." I shrugged, playing it down.

"A few times?" Jack banged my seat again. "Alright, who are they?"

Okay, so it was possible I had gone a little crazy in the past two weeks trying to edge past the infinite pain of loss. It hadn't exactly worked. I hadn't forgotten Dominic, but oddly, Antonio had been right. It had reminded me I was still alive. That I was here, breathing, and in the land of the living, not the dead. That I wasn't in the past.

Opening my mouth to tell them, since we were on that level now, I stalled when a knocking on my window startled me, and my head snapped to the outside interrupter. I blinked at the Shifter staring at me. Christ, he was my latest. Even more awful, he still wore the same expression he had when I had left him two nights ago. Like he was love-struck.

I smiled - kind of - and muttered without moving my lips, "Karma's a bitch." He knocked again, his brows rising, so I rolled my window down with resignation, but my tone was polite. "Hi, Jim."

"Hey, you," he said softly, reaching inside the car to brush a piece of my hair from my cheek. He smelled like his animal, bear. "I tried calling you last night." Yeah, he had tried calling seven times. Before dinner. That didn't include how many after. "I wanted to tell you a group of us are going ice fishing tonight." Of course he was. He was a polar bear Shifter. "Want to come?" His lips lifted in a private smile. "There's a cabin there perfect for two."

Even while hearing Ezra chuckle quietly, I gently took Jim's hand - it was still lingering on my hair - and placed it back outside my window, saying just as softly, "Jim, that's very sweet of you, but I'm not interested." I cleared my throat, trying to be nice, my tone respectful. "I told you I'm not looking for anything serious." Uh...you don't say.

Jim's mouth opened, but he was shoved to the side by a hip covered in pink leather.

It was Elly, her lioness growling low before she muttered, "Get out of here, Jim."

Through the front windshield, I could see her dad's limo - he was some high-level Mys official - driving off, having dropped her off for school, but moreover, I saw Jim's jaw clench before he nodded as he cast me a glance that meant to say he would talk to me later.

I barely kept my groan at bay.

As Jim ambled toward King Hall's entrance, Elly took his place at my window with a toothy grin. "You can show your thanks tonight with a tub of rocky road ice-cream."

"I'll even add pink sprinkles," I muttered, sighing. "We're still on for veg night?"

She nodded once, but blinked, sniffing the air, then glanced over her shoulder. Her golden eyes quickly returning to mine, she whispered, "Tom's on his way over. You want to see him?"

I stiffened. "Oh, hell no." I ducked, sputtering, "He squawks." He was a hawk Shifter.

Jack and Ezra instantly laughed at my words, even while Elly simply nodded. She started to turn to cut him off, but stopped. She was staring at my lap, so I peered down. Ezra still had his hand on my leg, gifting me gently with his power, the softest of tranquility past the chill.

I hadn't even noticed. No wonder I hadn't been cold. I had even forgotten to turn the heater up. To make matters worse, in Elly's view, his hand had slipped under my dress when he had reclined his seat.

She bent halfway through the window, over me, asking softly, "What'cha think you're doing with your hand up my Prodigy's dress, Vampire?" Her lioness growled, and it was a fairly frightening sound, coming from a supposedly weak Shifter.

Ezra kept his hand where it was, grinning unrepentantly, not helping the situation any.

Taking a firm grip on her shoulder, I explained, "He's only relaxing me." Realizing that hadn't come out right when Jack choked and Elly's lioness growled louder, I added hurriedly, "Like, literally, relaxing me. With his power. I was freezing in this dress." The growling died down, and I gently pushed her out the window when I smelled Tom on the wind. "I'll see you tonight, Elly."

She still glared at Ezra, but nodded, her nostrils flaring, and she quickly turned to stop Tom's progress. Things had changed. I knew this as I rolled the window up. I wasn't completely used to it - I probably never would be - but I knew why every Shifter treated me differently. I was their Prodigy. I had the power. It had altered my relationship with Elly. Not purposely, but it was undeniable. My mastery of being able to hide my Shifter power was even more important to me now, but it was still a work in progress.

Jack murmured, "Well, I do believe you have some clue what relations are going to be like from now on." He chuckled, a few snorts categorical from the backseat.

Ezra slowly joined him, sputtering, "He squawks? Sweetheart, what were you thinking?"

I groaned, banging my head back against the headrest a few times. "I wasn't." I paused, and then added honestly, "I ended up wanting fowl for dinner. It was like he was prey."

They thought that hilarious.

Arriving at the high-rise commercial building in downtown New York City, I parked in a parking garage a block away. Pearl was still laughing her butt off as we exited the Hummer, Jack and Ezra having a dandy time retelling what had happened. I took it like a champ, almost completely ignoring their ribbing. I shivered as I stepped into the frigid air, only then noticing Ezra must have gifted me with his power the entire drive there. Oddly, the others hadn't complained about the chill.

Blinking slowly, I glanced back inside the car, comprehending that they hadn't complained because the heat had still been on low. It was warm enough for a Mys, but Ezra's added power had kept me oblivious. Wrapping my jacket tighter around my shivering frame, I slammed my door and locked it. Next time, I was going to wear pants when it was this cold, even if I had to dress up.

Pearl was wiping her eyes - still chuckling - and I reached up, fixing a smudge of her shimmering gold lipstick, which she had screwed up smooching forever with Gideon. "There." I shoved my hands in my pockets as the guards surrounded us. "No one will know you had your tongue down your mate's throat for a half-hour." I smiled sweetly.

Said tongue peeked out in a rude gesture. Yep. That was the perfect golden doll.

As we exited onto the streets, everyone's eyes turned in our direction. Stared. Nearly all Commoners, only a few Mysticals in the mix. Like, a ten-to-one ratio.

I shivered, and it wasn't just because of the nippy weather.

Pearl walked next to me, Ezra in front of us, Jack behind, and a shit ton of guards - a mixture of Mysticals all dressed in black - stalked in a protective box around us.

Weirdly, it felt like the longest walk of my life. Even though I had lived with Coms the majority of said life, anxiety still crept up my spine, stiffening my shoulders. I shouldn't have felt threatened, but there it was: my stomach was a churning mess as I eyed the Coms. Living longer lives was nothing when we were so few compared to them.

None of us spoke as we walked that one block. As if at once, the four of us understood the severity of our positions. No jacking around like we had been on the drive there.

Instead, we walked and acted like who we were.

Prodigies, the soon-to-be Kings and Queens, of the Mystical world.

Chapter Seven

"Follow me, please," the concierge Com mumbled, a slight tremor in her voice, her eyes wide on her chubby face. She marched in front of us, leading our way to the elevators. Her hands were slightly shaking and she walked so fast her breathing became labored. She punched the elevator button repeatedly, staring straight ahead at the doors.

We piled in when they opened, the four of us standing with our backs against the far wall as six guards squeezed in with us, blocking the view of the doors, while the other guards took the stairs, and would probably beat us to the floor the meeting was on.

I peered up at Jack, hearing the lady's heart race at being stuck in here with all of us.

Us, the petrifying Mysticals.

Jack's lips were thin, his face blank, but he still rolled his eyes at her behavior.

Pearl tried to maneuver to check her reflection in the mirror as the elevator started rising, but there wasn't any room so, instead, she sighed heavily, sulking.

Ezra just stared forward. Mute.

Exiting the elevator, I saw that the floor was posh with thick champaign-hued carpet, the walls painted a shade darker and with golden art hanging expertly, all of which made our other guards who had beaten us there stand out in their black attire. The concierge charged right past the receptionist, and we followed. The floor plan was open, no walled cubicles, and we walked between rows of desks that sported flat screen monitors and where the employees had paused in their typing, the place silent as they gawked. We ignored them. This was a prestigious law firm in New York City, but I couldn't remember the name.

What I did remember was that the Kings used this law firm and, apparently, most of the parents of the up-and-coming individuals we were meeting today - influential Americans - used this law firm, too. The firm was co-owned by a Com and a Mys, so it was even ground to meet on. Plus, the lawyer owners would be sitting in the meeting to keep conversation rolling. Lawyers loved to talk, so hopefully there wouldn't be too many lulls. Pretty genius on the Kings' part.

Stopping at the back wall of the large, airy office, the concierge opened one of the doors. The dark, hard wood of it banged against the inside wall, she flung it in such haste. She flinched at the sound, but gestured for us to enter, saying, "They're inside waiting for you."

The four of us didn't move.

We let half of our guards go in first, and only when one came out, giving us the all clear, did we move. Their job of a quick sweep was accomplished, shutting blinds, checking any food, yada, yada. We had been dealing with this for three months now. We knew the drill.

The other three went in before me, my steps slower, and I heard chairs squeaking as the occupants stood in greeting. My progress halted next to Pearl as I scanned the conference room where we were to converse and be stuck for an undefined amount of time.

First, my gaze went to the guards that weren't ours. They looked professional, and overboard in number. Good to know we weren't directly trusted. While we, at least, had an excuse for ours, having been previously attacked, they did not.

Second, I took a quick inventory of the individuals we were here to meet. I ignored the owners, identifying them by their pristine black suits, and their familiarity and proximity of one another. That left three men and two women, their ages seeming to range in the twenties.

The Mys Mage owner strolled forward with the Com owner, taking the reins, and held his hands out, stating, "Prodigies, it's an honor to meet you and to have you here." He bowed his head slightly, politely. "I'm Kris Terry and this is," a pat on the Com owner's shoulder, "Blake McMullen." The Com dipped his head respectfully, saying much the same in welcome. Kris continued, ushering us farther into the room. "I'll make the introductions, if that's alright?" Yeah, like we were going to stop him.

He gestured toward the first woman. She looked like the youngest in the room. Brown hair, glasses, and a pencil suit, which appeared tailored so as to fit her small frame. She reminded me of a mouse. "This is Beatrice Brantley. Her father's Senator Brantley. She's currently enrolled at NYU and aspires to follow in her father's footsteps once her schooling is complete."

A hand wave to the next woman. She looked about twenty-eight. Auburn hair, regal features, and a lithe body. She reminded me of a giraffe. "This is Justice Francis. Her mother is Justice Avery Francis." Ah. Explained her name. "She's a lawyer, working toward judge." Also following in Mommy's footsteps.

The next individual was a man around twenty-eight, though when I saw his dark eyes I judged he could have been a little older. Black hair, handsome, and a muscular physique. He reminded me of a wolf. "This is Philip Masterson. Congressman." No other words were needed.

An arm swing to the man standing farthest from us. Brown, curly hair, which looked like no matter how short he cut it, it would always have a tight curl. He appeared about twenty-five. He seemed really familiar and reminded me of a koala bear. I squinted at his slightly rounded face that had yet to lose all baby fat, which did not bode well for him. "This is Curtis Moore." Oh. My. God! "The President's son." The newly elected, first-term President's son.

The last guy was dark complected, had hawkish features - the animal he blatantly reminded me of - and was short for a Com man, but seemed to take up more space than he ought to. Dark hair, brown eyes, and slender. He looked around twenty-nine. "This is Arthur Lamar. He's currently on leave from the Army, so he was able to attend today, but may leave early depending on how long we're here for, since his wife just gave birth to their first child, Makalu, only yesterday. His father is General Lamar." Oh. His daddy worked directly under the President. Any President.

Well. Dang. Furthermore, the most remarkable part was they appeared even more nervous than us. Guess we had better game faces. Either that, or I had too much Com in me, and I was the only Prodigy in awe. I kept it at bay, staying cool.

Kris introduced Pearl, Jack, and Ezra, but when he introduced me, I had their full and absolute attention. My picture still hadn't been splashed over the news, only my name, so I was the new one they hadn't seen before. Here I was, standing next to three extremely fine Mys specimens, and all the Coms could do was eye me, their shock poorly hidden. Perfect. Even Coms thought I was a freak.

Kris straightened his tie, hurriedly turning to Blake. Guess it was the other owner's turn to take the lead. Blake nodded to Kris, and turned to all of us, saying, "Please, take a moment to talk amongst yourselves." That was it.

It was enough, though. The Coms unfroze, moving around the table, professional enough in politics to quit gaping.

Justice went straight to Jack.

Beatrice straight to Ezra.

Arthur and Curtis beelined toward Pearl.

I almost snickered - some things never change - as I started to take my jacket off, the room a bit stuffy. Not even a beat later, I felt warm hands graze my bare shoulders, helping me with my jacket. I stilled for a second and glanced over my shoulder, my silent hilarity gone at the unfamiliar touch. It was Philip. The handsome Congressman.

His lips curved in a small smile, his teeth straight and white, as he slid my leather coat the rest of the way off. He placed it over the back of a chair, his gaze cast downward, but since he was six feet tall, I saw his eyes traveling over me. Covertly, but still, he was checking me out. Leaning back against the table, between chairs, and crossing his arms, he stated bluntly, "So you're the mysterious Shifter everyone's been trying to get the details on." He cocked his head, a black strand of hair falling over an eye. "You don't have two heads, nor are you nine feet tall, like some were guessing."

"Only one head here," my lips twitched, "and I'm much shorter than nine feet tall."

He stared. "Yes, you are. You're also very beautiful." His eyes were intense. Like dark chocolate. They crinkled at the edges as his lips curved. "That's not a line. I'm just stating fact."

My eyebrows rose. "I'm not sure if I should say thank you if it wasn't a compliment, only fact." I gave him the same smile he had given me.

He watched me a moment longer, then chuckled softly. "You may be little, but you're no push over." He rubbed his chin, his eyes assessing. "How old are you, Lily? You don't look as old as your colleagues." His gaze continued roving my features.

"I'm nineteen." Granting that I felt like a hundred in life experiences. Nineteen was only a number. "And you?"

His eyes dipped to my lips. Stayed there. "Not as young as you, but not quite over the hill." He grinned as I chuckled. He definitely wasn't anywhere near old, appearing as good as he did, and he knew it too, his eyes sparkling. "Tell me, Lily the Beautiful - that was a line, by the way - would you care to-"

"Lily, I need your help with my jacket," Jack interrupted. He smiled at Philip in apology, but his brown eyes were frosty. He turned his back to me, pointing behind his head at his collar. "It's stuck on my necklace." Lie. He had a collared shirt on, which he was blatantly showing Philip.

Someone was feeling overprotective. I was positive Philip had been about to ask me out for coffee or lunch or something else equally mundane, and I was sure Jack had sensed it too. I enjoyed the humor of the gesture, and proceeded to "help" Jack take his jacket off. By the time this was done, Ezra was speaking with Philip, distracting him.

As if I needed the help, gentlemen.

I wouldn't do anything with Coms, except drink from them when the mood finally suited. Only bagged blood for me still. Besides, I would probably break a Com if anything ever went past a date. Which I didn't want, even if the Com was as nice-looking as Philip Masterson.

All in all, the first half of the afternoon went well.

I had been thrown into senior classes at King Hall - no more Creative Writing degree for me - taking three years' worth of Political Science courses all at once. My brain was fried - it would continue to be until graduation - from all the studying I had done over the last few months, but those courses definitely helped me understand the conversations.

When placed in a room full of politicians, what did one talk about?

Politics, of course.

Thank God, I hadn't been sleeping in class. Much.

I kept mildly quiet during the discussions, but answered questions intelligently - I hoped - when asked. The most vocal of the Coms were Philip, Arthur, and Justice. Beatrice was quiet, but spoke logically, and none of her questions were at all offensive. Surprisingly - stereotype, whatever - the person who I thought would have the most to say, Curtis, was the mime of the group. He nodded, or gestured with a hand, but I was pretty sure he only said four sentences in the two and a half hours we sat there. I wasn't sure if it was because he was of the quiet, brainy sort, or if it was because he was nowhere near as clever as his father, the President. Time would eventually tell.

Jack primarily led our side of the discussion, Pearl adding factual input only from time to time. Ezra, like me, spoke when he was spoken to. I don't know if it was the mystery he exuded, but anytime he spoke, everyone quieted and listened. I didn't feel him using his power, so it was just him they seemed impressed by. Me, they listened to the same, but added a cocking of their heads, watching me like I was the sideshow at a circus. In other words, I didn't get the impression they were awestruck by little ol' me.

All except Philip. Every look he gave me, or word he spoke in my direction, expressed a quiet, yet confident, interest. One out of five wasn't bad, even if the interest was more personal. I could work with that.

Justice spoke of the Mys/Com treaty and keeping it as strong as it had been for the past thirty years. The rest of the Coms jumped onboard the topic, seeming earnest in their agreement to keep the peace. The same held true for us. No-one wanted another war, or even another of the ten years after that bloody upheaval where an uneasy truce had followed before the treaty was signed. Because of this, I could tell they all knew about the attack that had taken place, but they carefully skirted the conversation around it, only once briefly glancing to me, expressing their sympathies. Justice, by the same token, had unique ideas about integrating our Laws with Com laws to make a more unified nation, but I wasn't positive anyone - Com or Mys - was ready for that.

Arthur wanted to talk about integrating more Mysticals in to the United States of America's defense departments. We carefully edged around the notion. The last thing we were going to do right now was hand over our people to make Com armies stronger. Maybe, in the far, far off future, we could talk about keeping Mys and Coms safe together, but not when there was a Com group targeting us and we didn't know who the head of the extremist group was.

Simply put, we didn't trust them right now.

That would take time, and this was only the first, tiny step.

Exiting the building, we were again ogled.

Pearl peered longingly at a boutique across the street, but kept quiet. The streets here were so busy. So full of Coms. If they mobbed us right then, we were goners. No matter how powerful we were.

Wind whipped through the gaps between the bodyguards, ruffling my hair, and I hunkered down in my jacket, hating that I felt fearful. Like I had much of my life. It felt like a never-ending battle, but I knew tricks in dealing with it. Imagining a safe place, warm and protected, helped to keep me together. Sadly, my life growing up had somewhat prepared me for this.

Jack sighed behind Pearl and me, his words quiet. "I'm hungry. I didn't have breakfast."

Pearl shook her head. "Neither did I."

It probably didn't help that there was a small Mexican restaurant near the parking garage. There was a spicy aroma from it wafting on the frigid breeze. The scent heavenly to my senses, my stomach chose that moment to growl in sympathy and agreement. I hadn't eaten, either. The scent intensifying the closer we got, I murmured, "Maybe, we can find something on the way back to the debriefing?"

We had to talk with the Kings when we got back to Choep. I knew they were going to drill us on our observations of the up-and-coming Com leaders of America. We were going to need sustenance to deal with them.

Ezra growled low in his throat, stopping so suddenly that Pearl and I banged against his back, Jack smacking into us. He pivoted as we unpeeled ourselves, whispering harshly, "We're acting like a bunch of pussies." His fists clenched. "I'm starving, too. Let's get something to eat."

"Ezra," I spoke softly, as all the Coms were halting on the sidewalk, trying to peek through the bodyguards, "I understand you think you're wicked and dangerous, and you don't like feeling small, but right now isn't the time to stay in a city full of Coms." Every fiber in me, everything I had been taught, didn't like our situation.

A roll of his shoulders, then he hissed, "I don't think I'm wicked and dangerous." He grunted. "I am a step beyond wicked and dangerous. If we walk away right now from something as simple as having lunch in New York City, what does that say about us? What door are we opening to being bullied? Not just by Coms, but by our own minds?" He shook his head and turned, making the bodyguards move with him. He was heading straight toward the restaurant. "We're eating here."

"I'm with him," Pearl grumbled. "I won't be cowed like this." She followed Ezra.

Jack grunted, walking after her. "I hope they have good enchiladas."

I blinked. Were they serious? They could not be doing this when we were at a threat Level 5. The Kings were going to be so furious! The Shifter guards stayed glued to my side, and Ezra, Jack, and Pearl stopped, peering back to me.

Pearl smiled sassily, asking, "Coming?" That smile was for any Com who could see her, but her fists were nervously clenched.

No, my flee-addled mind screamed. We're too outnumbered!

"Tacos with extra salsa," Jack murmured, licking his lips, his words speaking legions of how close we had become, knowing my favorite Mexican fare as he did.

"Maybe even empanadas." Pearl's grin was real this time. We loved those.

Again, my tummy grumbled at me. I still hesitated. If I did this, it would be against every ingrained instinct I had. I vibrated with tension, standing on the balls of my feet, ready to rush to safety.

Jaw clenched, Ezra took five long strides in my direction and bent down, whispering against my ear, "Sweetheart, is today the day you run away alone in fear? Or the day you have the balls to trust in our friendship? Trust in the four of us. Together." He straightened, raising a black, arched eyebrow.

I knew what he meant by friendship. Inexplicably, the four of us, four completely different Mysticals, had somehow, someway, made an unsaid and unusual friendship with each other after Dominic's death. After the threat to our lives. Our unsaid friendship was something unheard of within the Mys communities. Being the Prodigy Shifter had made that happen for myself. Every other Mys felt like they were somehow "under" me, and that had altered any real friendships I'd had before. But, these three didn't feel that way. They dealt with the same issues I did. The four of us were on equal footing.

Ezra held out a hand.

I stared at his waiting, steady palm.

Was today the day I made this real? Made this bad dream my reality? Because that's what this was if I chose to go against the one-woman-stand I had going on internally. As I glanced to Jack he jerked his head toward the restaurant, a gentle smile playing on his lips. My gaze slid next to him where Pearl sighed, tapping her foot impatiently, but it was still too fast; she was still as fearful as I was. Again, I stared down at Ezra's hand.

Bit by bit, I lifted my small hand, comprehending this was a stepping stone in my life, and placed it in Ezra's larger one. "I want to go on record and say this is a really bad idea." I was still frightened. Trust in the four of us, or not, fear didn't diminish that easily.

Pulling me toward the restaurant, Ezra grinned naughtily. "Sometimes, the best results come from the worst ideas."

My hand still in Ezra's, Pearl tossed an arm over my shoulders and Jack wrapped one of his around her waist, all four of us connected as we entered the restaurant.

Sitting in the back corner of the small establishment where we could see everyone inside - hungry we were, stupid we were not - we snarfed the best Mexican food I had tasted in a long time. Between bites, I guzzled water, groaning in contentment. I noticed a woman exiting from the one restroom in the place, and I debated if I should go now or eat another taco first.

The taco won.

"Can you believe they're still making us go on that stupid camping trip?" Pearl asked around a mouthful of tamales. "I mean, what are we supposed to be learning from it? Other than how to freeze our butts off?"

I agreed wholeheartedly. Mysticals were naturally warmer than Commoners, so we were able to endure colder climates. But still, a camping trip in the dead of winter? Yeah, I didn't get it.

"Bonding," Jack muttered, rolling his brown eyes and happily rubbing his flat belly. "It's supposed to create trusting and lasting relationships with our," finger quotes, "subjects."

Ezra snorted. "All it's going to do is make them hate us for dragging them out there."

I sighed in contentment, finishing off my last taco before eyeing Ezra's plate where he had chips left. "My subjects are going to be all over me." I repressed a shiver. "At least none of you have to deal with that."

They nodded in agreement since, now that I was Prodigy, the Shifters at school took leave to touch me at any chance that arose, consoling their need when distressed.

Ezra chuckled, pushing his plate toward me. "Since you're back in the game, maybe it won't be too bad to have them all over you."

I threw a dirty glance his way, but still took the offered chips. "It's not like that. When they're all touchy-feely it's because they're upset." I did shiver. "Needing comfort." Another shiver, and then a thought. "Hey, can the four of us share a tent?" Please, please, please, please! "It'll at least keep them away from me at night." Please!

Pearl shrugged. "Gideon has to fly back to London during the trip, so I don't mind sharing." Actually, she looked like she would prefer it. She probably would, since her mate would be gone a few days.

Jack grinned. "I'm game. Any other activities I can take care of beforehand." His grin increased. "It'll give me an excuse, so they don't stay around afterward."

I laughed, shaking my head. Those poor Elementals.

Ezra pointed at Jack. "That's good." He nodded thoughtfully. "I'll find a tent big enough for the four of us." A slow chuckle. "It'll be the first time I've slept with two beautiful women without the worry of sneaking out later." Those poor Vampires.

Chapter Eight

"Try that pole." I pointed with my mittened finger to the pile of poles. "That one looks like what this," a shake of the instructions, "stupid thing says."

"I've already tried that one," Jack grumbled. His eyes narrowed and he pulled his knit cap down further on his head. "Is it possible that we've got the thing backward?"

Ezra jerked his head to the front of what should have been our constructed tent by now. "There's the zipper for the entrance. It's right."

Pearl threw down her section of the tent she had been trying to figure out. "This is hopeless." She pointed a gloved, accusatory finger at Ezra. "You had to buy the most complicated one, didn't you?"

Glancing at all of our subjects, who were easily putting their tents together, I couldn't disagree. Some of them were even through, now working on building a fire in the pit. We had been at this an hour already, and all we had to show for it was one pole in place. That pole had been obvious, since it was the longest one. All the others just appeared the same.

"The guy at the sporting goods store said it wasn't difficult," Ezra muttered, staring at his section, which he gripped like he wanted to rip it apart. He turned that glare on Pearl. "Can't you use your power to," his nose crinkled and he shook the section he held, "put it together? Just wave your hands, and ta-da, it's done?"

"No," she huffed, bending in her huge, down jacket to grab her section again, "I have to know what I want to make it happen." As if that explained a whole lot.

A thought. "Oh!" I exclaimed, "I have an idea!"

"What?" Jack eyed me warily.

"The last time she had an idea we ended up locked in a utility room," Pearl muttered.

"Hey," I complained, "we got out of there quick enough." At least, once the janitor had found us. Unknowingly to us, the door had been magically warded against thieves. Lure and capture. None of our powers had worked on the stupid thing. "Besides, that's where the supplies were to accomplish his," a mittened finger-point at Ezra, "grand plan."

One of many recent plans, and not wholly instigated by Ezra. All four of us had been drowning in mischief after that first defying day two weeks ago at the Mexican restaurant. That little incident had earned us, well, a grounding, for lack of a better word, courtesy of the Kings. Even with the small punishment, the initial defiant act had tasted of freedom, which we rarely experienced anymore. So now, when one of us designed a new scheme for rebellious entertainment, the rest of us seized upon it with vigor.

A crestfallen expression crossed Ezra's features. "It would have been so perfect. Mrs. Jonas would have flipped if all the ceilings were painted with p**n ."

"We can still do it." Jack shrugged, eyes beginning to gleam. "We only need to make sure the door doesn't shut on us again."

I sighed, waving my arms, the instructions crinkling. "Hello! Idea, remember?"

They glanced to me. Turned their heads to glare at the tent in their hands. Finally, back to me. Cautious.

I snickered. "Oh, ye of little faith." I crossed my arms. "Just wait. It'll be up in fifteen minutes." Again, they gave suspicious looks, but I smiled sweetly, and pivoted on the snow pile I was standing on, hollering, "Brock! Felix! Can you come here for a second?"

They were part of the group getting the fire started and, from the looks of it, their tents were perfectly constructed. When in need of assistance, ask the professionals. Or, just have them do it for you. Brock (falcon Shifter) and Felix (panther Shifter) dropped the wood they had been carrying and hustled over. The Prodigy Shifter calls, you come.

"Yes?" Brock asked, brushing snow off his pants.

"We need help. With our tent." A look from under my eyelashes with an added pout. "Think you two can help us?" I could have ordered them, but that just seemed mean. Best to ask sweetly and innocently when we were screwed.

"Sure." Brock nodded, instantly lifting the pole I had been pointing to earlier.

Speechless, the other three Prodigies and I watched as Brock stuck the pole in the right hole on his first attempt.

"What's our reward if we help?" Felix purred softly behind me. His face went to my neck, against my skin, whispering, "Will you share a tent with me tonight instead of them?"

"Sorry," I apologized, turning to face him. "You guys know we've got business to discuss later." That was the story we were giving all of our subjects. Really, I was pretty sure our business was drinking games, since Jack had brought enough alcohol to inebriate all campers here.

Felix stepped forward, once more invading my space, and tilted my chin up with his gloved finger to stare me in the eyes. His gaze held mine, which was pretty impressive; everyone normally looked away from my gaze quickly. He was new, arriving at King Hall only a week ago. A transfer. I hadn't really had a chance to talk with him fully, only having a few chats passing in the hallways.

His hair was black, eyes golden, and his skin tan. He was delectable. And, he was still staring me in the eyes, which meant he was alpha strong, powerful. Finger still lightly under my chin, he said bluntly, "I get that." He bent, those golden eyes coming closer. "What about the hours before?" Shy, he wasn't. Friendly, he was. No build up, just straight to what he wanted. Not a bad thing.

I debated, even as I heard Brock picking up more poles behind me. Again, looking him over, I stated just as bluntly, "Felix, I'm not looking for anything serious, and you seem like the serious type." And, the oh-my-God tasty type.

His lips twitched. "Not that serious. Only in the work I do." His mouth curved. "Be it professional or pleasurable. Anything outside of that, I'm not looking for permanence." His eyes held the truth, not just his words. Honesty and sorrow.

I believed him. "Alright." I took a small step back. "I'll see you later." Oh yes, I would.

He held my gaze, his golden eyes glowing the tiniest bit in assumed anticipation, before nodding and moving to help Brock.

The four of us stood next to each other, watching as they expertly assembled our tent.

Jack elbowed me, asking, "Have a play date set with the panther?" He was smirking.

Shrugging, watching as Felix bent over, I elbowed Jack back. "I couldn't let you guys have all the fun." My head cocking, I ogled Felix's ass. "Do you guys know anything about him? He's strong. Held my gaze longer than any Shifter at King Hall."

Pearl was texting Gideon, but said, "King Nelson said Antonio asked him to transfer. He's from California."

I stilled. "Antonio asked him to come here?" Odd didn't even begin to describe that.

Ezra nodded, also watching him. Just not the part of his anatomy I was eyeing. "That's what I heard. King Venclaire said he was the power at his old school." Spring green eyes met mine, and his eyebrows rose. "Any clue why Antonio would ask him here?"

I shook my head, turning my attention back to Felix.

"I heard Antonio's been transversing," Jack meant disappearing out of thin air, "everywhere. King Fergus said there may be a few more transfers to King Hall." Jack hesitated. "The King's actually a little worried," he confided, rubbing his chin with the back of his glove. "He said if Antonio's permanently come out of hiding, it's probably a bad sign."

King Kincaid hadn't discussed any of those thoughts with me, keeping our dialogues strictly to teaching since I was far behind on what it took to be a Queen.

The four of us glanced to where Antonio was speaking with a lone bodyguard, though there were many more guards here. Barely seen through the trees, the other guards were posted throughout the forested area, the students being in the middle of their protective circle. Mrs. Jonas, along with a few other teachers, was here with us, too, but we had even more guards than normally present watching over everyone. We had dropped to a threat Level 4, but the guards had only increased. It hadn't slipped our notice.

I murmured, "He never says until he chooses. In time, he'll tell us what this is all about."

Slipping inside our tent many hours later, I was sated and relaxed, which was somewhat surprising. Each Prodigy had taken our own subjects to four different points, speaking with them, getting to know them better. That, in itself, had been stressful and nerve-racking, but then, when all four groups came back to camp, we'd had to persuade them to mingle.

Peacefully.

It was required. We had pulled a few Mys individuals from our own groups into the other Mys factions that we had thought they would get along with. It had been a trial and error sort of event. United, yes, in the Mys community, but on a dark winter's night in the middle of a forest, they had become more than a little distrustful of one another.

That hadn't been so much fun. The enjoyments had come afterward, once they had loosened up and food was cooked over the fire. At that point, I had taken the opportunity to slip away - so had Jack and Ezra, who had snuck off like the many others I saw in my trek - and met up with Felix in his tent. And my, my...I was definitely relaxed now.

"Took you long enough," Pearl griped, her irritability showing. I didn't hold it against her. The longer you went without your mate - while they were living - the crabbier you became. After that stage came depression. Gideon wouldn't be gone long enough for that to hit Pearl, but she was still becoming prickly. She tossed her phone down, crossing her arms. "You were supposed to be here a half-hour ago." Yeah, we had decided to be there by midnight.

"You know she's always late," Jack grumbled, stretching like a contented kitten, his eyes roving over me. I wasn't going to argue with his statement, but I did have it in mind to work on my tardiness. He murmured, "Besides, she's got a nice, healthy, flushed face." His smile was lazy. "Enjoy your time, Lily?"

Said flush burned brighter, but I realized something. "Why is it warm in here?" It was like a freezer outside, but in the tent it was almost balmy. Ezra and Jack were only wearing pajama bottoms and Pearl just wore an oversized t-shirt, which I thought was Jack's.

"You didn't answer my question. Don't think you're getting away from it," Jack grinned, "but I had a fire Elemental do a little magic on the tent." Lying on his back, he spread his hands wide. "And then, there was heat."

I snorted, maneuvering through the three Prodigies. The tent was just big enough for the four of us to lie down with our bags around the edges. "The same fire Elemental I saw you sneaking off with?" My brows rose as I took my jacket off. I was starting to sweat.

"Ah, Selene..." Jack murmured, sighing in content and confirming my assumption.

Glaring down at my snowsuit, I sighed, unsnapping the bulky thing. I mean, I had just put it back on. "How was your time, Ezra?"

Ezra nodded, lying on top of his sleeping bag and resting back on his elbows. "Enjoyable." His head cocked, watching me. "Although, from the look of it, not as enjoyable as yours."

Sitting, I pulled the snowsuit over my feet, ignoring the comment.

Pearl grumbled, "All I did was sit in this damn tent, waiting for you guys."

Jack tugged on her golden hair lightly. "Now you know how it is when we have to wait for you and Gideon to pull away from each other." Wasn't that the truth?

She huffed, but a small smile lifted her lips as I dug through my bag, trying to find light pajamas to wear, but I was pretty sure I hadn't packed anything like that for going into the glacial wilderness. Pearl scanned the tent and, from the corner of my eye, I saw her eyes glow golden, and I felt for a second a rush of her power, spells and time. I stilled, glancing at the tent. There was a golden glow shimmering on our tent's fabric. Her hand fluttered as she said mildly, "We can talk without being overheard now."

Instant privacy. "That's handy." I stared at the golden sparkles against the blue fabric.

"We'll have to remember you can do that in the future," Ezra muttered, eyeing it.

Jack nodded, eyes scrutinizing the magic. "We could definitely use this." A glance to Ezra, then back to the tent. "You know Vamps and their hearing. This could be really useful."

Pearl shrugged, but I could tell she was pleased.

"Can I borrow a t-shirt from someone?" I asked, zipping up my bag. There was nothing in there for this heat. "I didn't bring anything thin."

"You're a Shifter." Jack blinked, his blue brows puckered. "Just take your clothes off."

Ah. They didn't know I wasn't all about getting naked in front of everyone. Only some of the Shifters knew. Those Shifters seemed embarrassed by it, so they kept quiet about my modesty.

"I wouldn't give you the satisfaction," I retorted sweetly. I wasn't baring all in front of them unless I had to. They were my closest friends, not bed partners. Even if I would, essentially, be sharing a sleeping space with them. "Really, does anyone have a spare shirt?"

All three blinked when they realized I was serious.

I merely waited.

As they eyeballed me peculiarly - I didn't blame them, knowing how often Shifters stripped - Ezra cleared his throat, rumbling, "I think I've got an extra shirt." Twisting to dig in his bag, he tossed one to me.

"Thanks." I caught it, and turned my back to them before pulling my sweater over my head. I had a bra on underneath, so it wasn't a big deal since they had seen me in my training attire. I hesitated with my jeans, and decided to put on Ezra's shirt before removing them, instead of standing there in my bra and panties.

Behind me, Jack whistled low as I started putting my arms through the armholes of Ezra's shirt. "Get a little rough tonight?"

Arms raised, I stilled. Ah, shit. I had forgotten about the bruises, and scrapes, that had to be nearly healed by now on my back. Felix hadn't held much back. Not to mention, he had a few on his own body, undoubtedly, which would still be fading. Coming out of my frozen state, I mumbled, "Strong Shifter, remember?"

"Is that a bite mark on her shoulder?" Ezra asked, sounding curious.

Quickly, I yanked his shirt over my head, blushing furiously.

"There was definitely one on her side." Pearl reached to lift my shirt for another look.

I swatted her hand away. "Do any of you want me to bring up your sex life?" Jeans off, I turned around, crossing my arms over my chest. "We're all different Mysticals, and I'm sure there's freaky shit you guys do in the sack you don't want aired."

Beautifully, they went mute.

I smirked.

Jack cleared his throat and rolled - showing his bare back muscles with the movement - to pull four bottles of booze from his bag while changing the subject. "What do we want to play?"

I sat as he handed tequila to each of us, and was left staring at the huge bottle in front of me. Did he really expect us to drink all this?

When no response came, he offered, "Up and Down the River?"

Ezra opened his bottle, shrugged a powerful shoulder, and took a swig. "Works for me."

"What's that?" Pearl and I asked as one.

Jack grinned, plucking cards out of his bag. "You'll see."

My forehead banged against Pearl's as I whispered, "Think...I'm drunk." Oh, yes siree, we had most definitely played Up and Down the River. An hour later, and half my bottle downed by my lonesome, we were trying to figure out another game to play.

Pearl burped, giggling. "So'my." She pointed with her own half-empty bottle to Jack and Ezra, neither of them seeming quite as fazed. "What's it with men and holdin' their liquor better?"

I shook my head and rocked the other way, right to Ezra's face. I blinked, trying to study his features up close. Perhaps, I needed to get my eyes checked when we returned to town, since he looked a tad blurry.

He chuckled, returning my regard, letting me look my fill.

When my eyes finally focused, I examined him long enough to realize he wasn't near as drunk as me, so I demanded with a slur, "Let me see your bottle."

A black, arched brow rose in time to his bottle. Half gone. Same as ours.

I grunted, rocking to sit firmly on my butt. "Dunno," I told Pearl. A blink. "Hey! We were supposed to do a game!"

She thumped her forehead with her palm. "Damn, I forgot." She hummed a tune I didn't recognize, swaying back and forth to the beat, while observing the men, their lips twitching. She and I glared at them, and then, she smirked. "Truth or Dare. Mys style."

Both men's eyes were immediately guarded, so I jumped on her suggestion, confirming, "Oh, yeah. That's good." As I took another swig from my bottle, a thought occurred. "Mys style?"

Pearl's eyes flashed gold, and she snapped her fingers, her power surrounding us again. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it. She explained, "Means you can't lie." A burp. "And you have to do the dare."

Uh-oh. Lowering my bottle, I wore the same air as Ezra and Jack now. I had the secret that would get me killed. But then again, I knew Truth or Dare. I didn't have to pick Truth. I could stick with Dare. That was a little frightening with this group, since we always seemed to be in some sort of trouble with our defiant ideas, but no dare was impossible.

I straightened my shoulders. Yeah, I could do this. And it wasn't really up for debate. The men had picked the last game. This one was ours, and it was decided by her words and mine.

"I'll go first, since the guys bamboozled us," Pearl slurred, burping again. She pointed at Jack. "T or D?"

Jack's lips pursed, then he stalled by taking another drink. "Truth." He dove right in.

Pearl grinned. "Have you ever fooled around with someone not Elemental?"

Instant. "No." He glanced around the group, his eyes landing on me. "T or D?"

After some thought, I decided to be brave. Plus, if the questions weren't too bad at first, answering them would appear like I wasn't trying to hide something. "Truth."

Crossing his legs, Jack asked, "Have you ever fooled around with someone not Shifter?"

Straightaway, I felt a pull on my vocal chords. I tried to fight it, but the liquor made me slow, and my response popped out. "Yes. A Com."

Silence.

Oddly, they kept their mouths shut. It was probably because of the spell Pearl had created. No one wanted to speak unless they had to, but their faces said it all. Eyes enormous and unblinking, they gawked. Mys routinely stuck with Mys, but Mys and Com were unable to produce offspring together, so they were acceptable bed partners, even if sniffed at. Swaying, I shrugged, and mumbled, "It was before I met Dominic." Obviously, truth. I had kissed a Com at my old school.

Silence.

"Okay," I muttered, breaking this awkward moment, placing my bottle away from me to rub my eyes. My attention swung to Ezra. "T or D?"

His jaw clenched. "Dare."

"Hmm." I thought about what would be good. Came up with a little revenge for the reaction I had received from the last question. "I dare you to kiss each Mys faction that's not Vampire." An evil grin lifted my lips.

Jack and Pearl chuckled, but Pearl stopped when Ezra was unexpectedly on his hands and knees in front of her. Lips on hers. He was so fast I hadn't been able to track him moving. He swiftly kissed her, then moved like lightening, his lips on a startled Jack's.

I hooted, snorting a few times, seeing Ezra's face scrunch up at the action, but I hastily shut my trap when he was abruptly in front of me.

He glared, eye-to-eye with me, muttering, "Quit laughing, sweetheart." The next second, his lips were on mine. His mouth was wide, his lips full and warm. Both our eyes were open, his scowling, mine wide in shock. He jerked back, opened his mouth to speak, but quickly shut it and returned to lie on his sleeping bag.

I smirked, not the only one of us now to have kissed someone not of their faction.

Pearl snickered right along with Jack.

Ezra didn't appear so amused. He was still glowering at me, but asked, "Pearl, T or D?"

"Truth."

His eyes met hers. "Do you want to be Queen?"

"No." Her mouth snapped shut. Well, well. Guess Antonio had been right. No one really wanted to be Ruler. She cleared her throat and took a drink, asking me, "T or D?"

I picked up my bottle, teetering while taking a large swill. I wasn't sure how this round of questions would go, so I had to be safe. "Dare."

"I've wanted to see this for a while." She leaned forward, almost falling over. "I dare you to shift."

I sucked air, and felt the pull of magic. "Shit," I mumbled, knowing I couldn't fight it in my inebriated state as I hurriedly put my bottle down. Like a robot, unable to do anything else, I yanked my shirt over my head. Sitting there in my bra and panties with hands that weren't being pulled by my own strings and were going to my bra, not able to stop my actions, I requested desperately, "I'm shy, alright. Everyone, close your eyes. Please!" Panic was etched in my tone, but my bra was still unclipped by fingers that worked without my ordering them to. "Please!"

They sat stunned, but my face must have clearly shown how humiliated I was because they quickly shut their eyes when I began yanking my bra straps down my arms.

As my panties went, I mumbled, "Thank you." I shifted.

Wobbling drunkenly, I sat on my haunches so I didn't fall, and woofed to tell them they could open their eyes. They did. Peering up at them, I saw their astonished expressions.

Yeah. I was tiny. Bright red, too.

Pearl murmured in a high-pitched girly voice, "Oh, she's cute!"

I growled a little.

She didn't care, petting the top of my head while steadying herself with her other hand.

I couldn't help leaning into the touch. It felt so good.

"You're miniature," Jack breathed, tilting forward to touch me. He was gentle, his contact very light down my back. "And so adorable."

I growled, which sounded all lazy-slurred being stroked as I was.

"He was right," Ezra whispered ever so softly, gradually lifting his hand. "You're just as beautiful in your shifted form." He scratched behind my ear.

Ah, my favorite. Teetering a bit, I stepped onto Ezra's lap and cocked my head, my other ear not to be forgotten.

He laughed softly, resituating himself when I squirmed, trying to get comfortable on his legs. He ended up lying on his back completely, gently placing me on his chest while he scratched behind my ears and under my chin.

Content, I rolled onto my side, letting Ezra's warmth sink past my fur, heating me.

Jack laughed outright. "I'm thinking she's out of the game."

I nodded, then lifted my chin so Ezra could scratch lower, earning a chuckle from them.

Jack yawned. "I'm out, too. I'm tired." Truth, the spell still activated.

"Fine." Pearl snapped her fingers, and the spell was gone, the air lighter. "I'm tired, too." She tilted, and fell on her side, golden hair spread every which way, snoring not even ten seconds later.

Jack chuckled and covered her with her sleeping bag before rolling his large frame, haphazardly tossing his sleeping bag over himself.

I snuggled further against Ezra's warmth and, a few minutes later, he sputtered a laugh when I whimpered as his fingers quit scratching.

"You're awfully demanding in your wolf form," he whispered, being quiet since Jack's light snore had joined Pearl's. I whimpered again, and he yawned wide, showing me his white molars before mumbling, "Fine, but only a few more minutes. I'm beat."

I woofed softly, and rested my head on his chest, listening to his heart beat gently, as he pulled his sleeping bag over us, continuing to pet me. Ah, the simple life as a wolf.

"Time to get up!" A masculine timbre called, invading my haze of dreamland and flittering at the edge of consciousness. I was pretty sure I knew that voice. "I'm coming in!"

Drifting back into my dreams, I snuggled against strength, and warmth, the air frosty, chillingly cold. Heated, muscled arms squeezed me tight, the large palms on my ass pulling me flusher against a gigantic erection. The sensual action felt magnificent, and I ground against it, lightly shuddering. A quiet, deep masculine moan vibrated against my head as the scorching muscles around me flexed, keeping me close.

A feminine sound from my direct left.

Wait. I blinked open my eyes at the same time the man under me jerked.

We froze.

A disturbance of a zipper being pulled resonated, and an arctic breeze, which made the air even colder than it already was, rushed over the back of my head and bare shoulders as Antonio's voice announced cheerfully, "Good morning, future Kings and Queens! Time to rise and shine."

I choked, breath catching and realization dawning as I woke fully. I knew where I was. I knew who was under me, gripping my ass. I knew from how cold I was that I was butt naked.

Pearl squealed, and my head snapped in her direction.

Oh, oh my.

The heat spell must have worn off sometime in the middle of the night because it had already been frigid before Antonio let in the bitter cold wind and, during the night, Pearl and Jack had somehow made their way to each other. More than likely, for body warmth: having been lying next to each other, now Pearl was lying on top of Jack like how I was lying on top of Ezra. Right next to us. Both of their expressions shocked as they woke at the same time.

Jack shot his hands out from under the sleeping bag, holding them above his head.

This wasn't a great situation all around.

Not glancing at the man I was lying on top of, I cleared my throat while tilting my head up to where Antonio was watching us. His features were calm. At least he wasn't making a big deal of catching us like this, as any other Mys would. Quietly, I said, "It might be a good idea to give us a few minutes." A scan of the tent showed there were no longer any golden sparkles, so I asked, "Can you do a privacy spell before going, though?" I didn't think Pearl could handle that right now, hearing how fast her heart was pumping.

"Sure thing, kiddo," Antonio said, and promptly, we had golden, protective sparkles on the tent's fabric. "Five minutes, though. Everyone's starting to get up." Golden eyes traveled to the man under me.

Oh, no. That wasn't awkward. Thoroughly embarrassed, I mumbled, "Thanks."

He pulled his head out of the tent without another word, zipping it up.

"My God," Pearl whispered, "your hand was down my underwear."

My mouth shut. Yeah, the privacy spell had been needed.

"I thought I was dreaming," Jack sputtered, sounding frantic.

I would let them work that one out, my gaze altering to the man under me.

His carefully blank face turned toward me, spring green, sleepy eyes meeting mine.

We stared at one another.

"Um," I licked my dry lips, "I must have shifted sometime during the night. Sorry."

One arched brow marginally rose; his hands deliberately moved from my ass to my hips. Long fingers spreading, his grip tightened, lifting and settling me lower so my sensitive lower area wasn't pressed to his. Unfortunately, the action made my bare br**sts rub down his equally bare chest, and I gasped even as his eyes hooded.

Uncomfortable didn't even begin to describe this. We were really good friends, and only friends. Both of our nostrils were flared; it meant he was scenting my desire waking like this, and even if the physical evidence wasn't pressed against my stomach, I was scenting his morning arousal. We could even smell that Jack was turned on, but not Pearl, who was magically unable to be without her mate.

Ezra inhaled again, his eyes hooding even further.

I did the same.

Along with our turned on scents, I could smell stress pouring off of all four of us. I had never been able to smell emotions, my Vampire power level too weak. I only scented as a Shifter does. Facts based on our body reactions, unlike Ezra, who would scent anxiety.

Ezra cleared his throat, and his wide lips curved slightly as he said softly, "It could be worse."

He got the "special" look that comment deserved. "How?"

His head tilted toward our friends, who scrambled away from each other. "We could be them."

My chuckle was sluggish. That was definitely true, but I froze when Ezra jerked, giving me his own "special" look because I had bumped him. I swiftly mumbled, "Sorry."

He glared, sucking in a weighty breath.

"What about them?" Jack shouted, gaining our attention as he defended himself against something Pearl had said. "She's naked," a glance at Ezra, "and he looks naked! We didn't do anything wrong in comparison!"

My lips pursed as I pulled the sleeping bag higher over my back. It had slipped when Ezra had moved me. I shivered, not able to stop the motion since it was so chilly.

"I'm mated," Pearl screeched, jamming a finger against Jack's rock-hard chest. "Gideon will kill you if he finds out what your," her fingers waggled, "drifting digits were doing."

I choked on a laugh, really attempting to keep it contained.

Jack's panicky mien turned cocky and he snorted as he raised his brows, rumbling, "He could try, but you and I both know the outcome if he even twitched the wrong way at me."

Pearl crossed her arms, her hair a chaotic mess all over her head. "I have to tell him."

"No, you don't," Jack countered harshly. "We were both sleeping. I didn't do it to you on purpose, so there's no reason to piss off your mate because of an accident."

Pearl snorted hard.

I sniffed the air. "He's telling the truth."

Pearl's eyes closed, and after a few ticks, she grumbled, "Fine. I won't tell him." Her eyes slammed open and she pointed a finger. "But don't you dare try that again." We still had two more nights' worth of camping here.

Jack held up his hands. "I wouldn't dare."

Again, I sniffed, and nodded to Pearl at her silent, questioning glance.

Sighing heavily, Pearl turned her full attention on us, eyeing our position. "What happened with you two last night?"

"Nothing," Ezra explained, his lips twitching as he glanced to Jack. "I didn't even have wandering digits." More or less honest, only wandering hands. "She just shifted sometime during the night and we woke up this way."

Jack's blue brows rose. "Then why aren't you two pulling away from each other?"

I could answer that one. "I'm not wearing any clothes." All three stared and I sighed, bringing an arm out of the sleeping bag, pointing. "Can you hand me my shirt over there?"

Pearl blinked. "I can't believe you're modest." She shook her head, grabbing the shirt. Tossed it to me. "Who ever heard of a Shifter that's skin shy? Much less, the future Queen?"

"Thanks," I griped, scowling. "Just because I don't flash the goods to one and all, that doesn't mean I'm weird."

"That's not what she meant," Jack interjected quickly, and glanced to Pearl, who nodded in agreement. "It's just," he paused, features thoughtful, "new."

"Whatever," I grumbled, feeling self-conscious. I ducked inside the sleeping bag, pulling the shirt with me. The action made the location of Ezra's hands on my hips alter, his fingers running up my sides as I moved down. I breathed shallowly, trying to fight my way through this lingering, unwanted arousal, but all I could smell was our dueling scents under here. It didn't help matters that his ginormous erection was now against my br**sts, his private bit jumping with my movements, his fingers tightening on my bare flesh as I fumbled with the shirt.

Jack muttered, "We're all wearing more clothes tonight or I'm sleeping elsewhere."

"And face the wrath of your next play thing?" Pearl asked sarcastically while, from the sound of it, rummaging in her bag.

The crack of a zipper being jerked open unleashed as Jack probably started going through his own. "That would be preferable to screwing up the best friendships I've ever had."

I stilled, arms all askew in dressing.

"What I mean is..." Jack sputtered. "I meant that..."

"I know what you mean," Ezra spoke softly, his body vibrating under me. "I'm man enough to say, you guys are the three best friends I've ever had."

I sniffed, scenting truth.

There was a quiet pause, and then Pearl murmured softly, "Same with me. I love Gideon. He's my always, but as far as true friendships go," she cleared her throat, "I've never met three people I click with better." She paused, but after a moment, added hesitantly, "You guys get me. Get what it's like to be me, and I get the three of you, too."

Seeing as it was truth time, I unfroze, yanking the shirt over my head, and muttered, "Same back at you guys. Dominic, I loved. But, he never would have been able to fill the place in my heart you guys do."

Ezra squeezed my sides before helping me pull the shirt down.

Jack cleared his throat as I peeked my head back out of the sleeping bag, his words firm, even if his cheeks were slightly flushed, as he said, "Well, if we've got that all cleared up, let's not screw it up again."

We nodded. Pact made.

Chapter Nine

Christmas came...and went...

New Year's came...and went...

Valentine's Day was here, and the four of us, plus Gideon, were hanging out on the beach. Ezra, Jack, and I had all come up with the plan to evade the hopefuls who were sure to bug us to death throughout the day. Pearl had gone along with it. She didn't care as long as Gideon was with us.

We were skipping school. The Kings would find out and be irate, but I needed a small break. Working so hard on my studies and fighting skills, I was about to crack. The only way I was surviving was with the assistance of the people sitting around me right now, each helping me catch up by choosing a subject to tutor me in.

I didn't even feel guilty leaving Elly at school to deal with all the men wanting to "grace" my bed that night. She had taken it upon herself to become somewhat of a liaison between me and the herd. I think she enjoyed it. Now, she had a whole swarm of men to pick from, since they had gotten to know her better instead of just seeing her as a weak Shifter. She was now my subject, right along with the rest. The thought was still vaguely revolting.

"Are you going to see Felix tonight?" Pearl asked, digging her bare toes into the sand. It was a warmer day in February, so it wasn't too cold for Mysticals on the beach with bare feet, jeans, and a light jacket. Really, the salty breeze coming in from the ocean felt wonderful.

I shrugged. "I just saw him two nights ago and I don't want to give him the wrong impression." I had learned in the past few months that he had also lost his mate. In a car accident. A year had passed since her death, and he was still hurting, like me. "I do believe him when he says he wants nothing serious, though."

They nodded. They knew his story by now.

"What about you guys?" I asked Jack and Ezra. "Any hot dates?"

Jack shook his head. "No."

Ezra stated bluntly, "We'll be hiding, same as you. This is the one day a year you don't go near a bed partner." Yeah, I got that.

From behind Pearl, Gideon wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his chin on her shoulder, his golden eyes on Jack and Ezra. "When you find your mates, you won't want to hide."

Jack shuddered, quickly peering away.

Ezra lifted a small stone from the sand, sending it flying into the surf. For a long time, he stared where it dropped. He blinked, his nostrils flaring. His mouth opened, only to snap shut.

"What?" Jack asked, cocking his head.

Ezra cleared his throat, then turned his face from us, saying quietly, "My mate's dead."

I stilled, barely keeping the wheeze at bay, shock radiating throughout my body.

"Her name was Felicia." He ran a hand over his face, his words a mere murmur. "She was beautiful inside and out. She had the biggest brown eyes I'd ever seen and the sweetest voice I can still hear sometimes." His deep voice turned to a gruff rasp. "She was perfect."

We were silent as he dropped that bomb.

Never once had he ever mentioned anything like this. He had never even let on that he had been - no, wait, that wasn't correct. He had always seemed more knowledgeable about mates than someone who had never had one.

I stared at the back of his spiked hair, realizing this was him opening up, trusting us.

Pearl placed a gentle hand on his stiff shoulder, asking quietly, "How did she pass on?"

"I met her right after my Awakening." He shook his head. "We exchanged blood, and we both knew we'd found our mate. We got telepathy as our mate's gift." His whole body was strung tight, sitting like he was solid rock. "We were together for two years before she died. We were skiing in Colorado, goofing around and going way too fast. We were using our speed. She hit a patch of ice. Couldn't stop. Her neck broke in the fall." Mysticals healed quickly, but we weren't impenetrable.

"I left for a while after that." He rolled his shoulders. "Just went off the grid. A lot of people tried to find me." Hooded spring green eyes met mine. "Including Elder Farrar. He was a regular pursuer, even though I only caught glimpses of him before I was gone." I stared, realizing that was what their initial greeting had been about. Ezra turned his head away, his gaze haunted. "I lost it for a little while when she died. King Venclaire found me in the end, and dragged me back to reality. To King Hall." He cleared his throat hard.

Jumping to his feet, his gaze found Jack's. "When you find your mate, you won't run. Gideon's right. The magic won't let you," a shake of his head, "and you won't want to." He turned on his heel and walked away, down the beach, his jeans picking up sand as he went.

We stared at his retreating back, wondering which of us should comfort him. This was our usual. When one of us was upset, one or all of the others would bring them out of their funk.

Spotting the Vamp guards following him, but at a discreet distance so as to give the man space since his stalk told everyone to stay the hell away, as one, Pearl's and Jack's eyes met mine straight on. As if I hadn't seen that coming. Send the one who had also lost her mate. But I got it. Got his pain.

Sighing, I nodded and jumped up, and ran after Ezra. I would have grabbed his hand, but that wasn't what he needed right now. He needed actions that took his mind off his misery, not emotional pity, so I went the other route, as he had done for me when I was at my lowest when Dominic died.

I bumped him hard with my hip. That wouldn't have been such a big deal if he hadn't been wading in the ocean up to his ankles, jeans rolled up. My Shifter strength gave me the edge I had needed.

He hollered, falling to the side, right into the cold, unforgiving tide.

A deep chuckle rushed past my lips as his head poked up from under the water, the surf drawing back, showing his drenched body lying in the dark sand. With his mouth hanging open and eyes wide, I started jogging backward, grinning as I yelled, "Think you can catch me?"

Shaking his head like a dog, red and black hair spiked no longer, his eyes narrowed.

I took off, careful not to use my bit of Vampire speed. The chase was on. He would definitely catch me, but he no longer had god-awful sorrow etching his features. Job well done.

To hell with a job well done.

Grumbling curses, I dragged myself out of the ocean where I had been tossed only moments ago. He had caught me alright. Put me right where I had put him, too. Only, I had gone a whole lot farther through the air than he had.

Stupid, insufferable, powerful, egotistical Vampire.

He watched from dry sand, laughing his ass off while I waded through the water.

Wringing my hair out, I decided he was seriously going to eat sand.

My feet faltered as my brows furrowed, stopping dead in the water.

I sniffed the wind.

My wolf growled.

Coms.

Not just that, but I scented loads of gunpowder and silver.

Only one reason for that.

Instinct had my head thrown back, the surf knocking into me as I howled long and loud, the sound beautifully harsh. Ezra and I had come too far down the beach for Jack, Pearl, and Gideon to see us, but any of the Shifter guards not near us would hear my call, understand it.

We had company.

I bent, and then jumped high, using my Shifter strength.

Ezra had stopped laughing, curious in his regard, watching me land right next to him. His eyes flew wide as I started stripping. "Jack can dry us off. Our clothes, too."

Tossing my shirt aside and unclipping my bra, I quickly stated, "Company's coming. Not the good kind. From the North." I could move faster as a wolf.

His attention flew to the side, and he stilled, cocking his head. I felt a pulse of his power as I stripped my jeans and underwear off. "Forty, maybe fifty, heartbeats." God, his ability was astonishing if he could hear that. His eyes came back to me as I squatted, rolling up my clothes. I felt his gaze traveling over my exposed flesh as he lowered next to me. After a silent moment, he asked calmly, "You alerted the guards with your howl?"

I nodded, pushing my clothes into his hands. "Hold these for me. We need to get back to Jack and Pearl. Regroup. They've got guns," my nostrils flared, scenting the air, "with silver bullets. Time to go." He took his eyes off my lower extremities - men! - and glared toward the North, but I jerked his chin back around. "Look, Ezra. You're scary. You can kill tons of them, but right now we're seriously outnumbered. I know when to run, and that many Coms with silver bullets means get the hell out when we're not prepared. We need Jack and Pearl."

He didn't like it, I could tell, but after a moment of thought, he nodded and stood. "Let's go." The crack of a gunshot erupted, and he ducked with Vampire speed.

I shifted.

We ran.

Shifting had been the right plan to try to keep up with Ezra as he made us run in zigzagging patterns, more bullets flying around us. The guards ran in a straight, tight line behind us, and I heard a few of them go down in our dash as bullets hit their mark. My wolf growled, not even winded, pissed that Mysticals were dying behind me and that I was unable to do anything about it right now. Scared, I was - most definitely - but I hated that Coms were picking us off. Like it was a f**king hunt.

We rounded a bend of rocks and sand, a safe zone, and almost ran smack into Jack, Pearl, Gideon, and their guards, who were racing toward the sounds of the gunfire, all of us stopping behind the sharp sand mound.

Pearl yelled, "What the hell's going on?"

Absently, Jack bent, touching Ezra and I, and we were instantly dry, my fur fluffy and blowing in the breeze as Ezra explained the situation, his wide lips thin as he muttered rapidly over the sounds of incoming attackers, "We can take them."

Everyone was silent.

Even from my lower, four-legged stance on the sand, I could see their faces just fine, the fierce edge in their eyes, and knew what they were going to do. I shifted back and started yanking on my clothes as they talked quickly, strategizing.

We weren't running. We were going to take down this cell. The plan was simple. Flank with the guards while we came at them from the front.

The guards tossed guns to us, and I quickly checked the clip of my two, with shaking hands, scenting and hearing the Coms getting closer, faster. I was thanking God right then for the weapons training at King Hall that year. I had decent aim, could shoot a crossbow, and handle a sword adequately. It was hand-to-hand that I was only now getting the hang of, since Ezra's teaching style had changed per Antonio's instructions.

The guards, along with Gideon, ran left, and the four of us stood regarding one another for a few beats. This was it. The first time we went after the enemy as a team. Pearl put her fist into the center of our circle. Jack followed. Ezra's came next. Mine last.

"Let's kill the Com bastards," Ezra muttered viciously.

We nodded as one, our fists slamming together.

We moved, all of our eyes glowing. Blue. Green. Brown. Gold.

Jack slammed his hands together, and a wall of blue water erupted in front of us, circling as we progressed around the curve. Now I knew how he had been able to move that fateful night. You couldn't see through it if you were on the outside, but on the inside it was clear, only a little distorted.

Protected by the wall, we stalked toward the mass of Coms opening fire on us.

Adrenaline pumped through my veins, and my hands were shaking so badly I wasn't sure I was going to be able to fire the guns effectively. My mind and body wanted to run the other way as bullets hit the watered wall, then dropped to the sand. I made myself stay. With the people I needed to be with. The dropped bullets were buried under the sand as we trekked forward, and Jack was careful with where he placed his bare feet, since they were silver rounds and, if they touched his flesh, his power would fail him. Us. Not an option.

The first screams from the Coms were due to our guards and Gideon in action, firing.

Pearl raised her hands toward the attackers and glowed bright gold, light shooting out the top of our blue watered wall. The guns of the Coms in the first row flew out of their hands as she started murmuring quietly. They turned midair, aiming at their owners. Fired.

At least ten Coms went down, only two getting past their shock to duck before the shots went off.

We were close, almost on them, when Jack dropped the wall of water as they started reloading their emptied guns. The four of us went into action. They weren't the same group that had killed Dominic - no red robes - but they wanted the same thing.

Our heads. Bodies debatable.

Ezra blurred forward. The only way to track him was the small sand cloud kicking up from his feet. At least five throats were ripped out.

Jack sucked in a large breath of air, and then blew out hard, bending with the motion. Blue water appeared in front of five attackers and flew into their mouths in a never-ending stream, even when they tried to run, drowning them.

Pearl murmured, and five other enemies flew straight into the sky inside gold bubbles. They went so high they looked like tiny dots. She dropped them. Hers made the biggest mess.

Scared or not, I raised my weapons, dropping to one knee, and fired on the plain-clothed Coms. Mine wasn't the cleanest - Jack's was - but I still took out seven.

Ezra returned just in time for Jack to slam another wall up as they finished reloading.

The Coms must have forgotten about our guards, or not thought them a threat, because another ten went down in no time while firing on us. That only left ten or so and, seeing they were outnumbered, they went all kamikaze, charging at the watered wall. Jack actually laughed as we watched them slam against it. The force of the rotating water was lethal. Wherever their exposed skin hit...well, it was ripped off, showing us blood, red muscle or white bone.

Still laughing as they screamed in agony, Jack dropped the wall.

We went back into action, which would have been fine for me if they weren't so close. Again, my weakness was hand-to-hand, which was just pathetic because a Shifter's gifts in life were their senses and their strength. Senses, I had just fine, but strength only came in handy if you knew how to use it.

I got one shot off before I was rammed in the stomach by a semi, AKA one pissed off Com.

We hit the sand.

I dodged a punch, hearing Coms shriek as the others ended them. I got a decent blow in against the Com's ribs, feeling the crunch of his bones as they broke. My gaze flared brighter as he lifted a gun, his eyes crazy-wide. Jerking to the left, I shoved his ribs, his injured side, rolling on top of him to grab his arm just as he fired, and the shot went wide. The report didn't hurt my ears - they were already ringing - but I reacted on instinct, moving the way Ezra had taught me. Using my powered strength, I struck with my elbow to his temple. It worked. With a sickening crunch, my elbow broke his skull and his head snapped back, his neck breaking.

He didn't scream.

I wasn't sure if that made it any better as I sat on top of the dead Com with his head half smashed in and his brain coming out of places it most definitely wasn't supposed to.

"Damn," Pearl muttered into the now strange quiet. I tore my gaze away from the gore and saw the other three standing a few feet away. Pearl's nose crinkled. "That's disgusting."

Jack grunted, cocking his head, staring at the Com under me. "Yours was worse."

"Nope." She shook her head. "The fall did that to them, not my elbow."

Ezra glared. "That was too close. He almost shot you." Rough cursing. "I'm going to have to work you harder."

Oh, thank you, master Vampire sensei.

Swallowing hard, I stared at the Com under me. The enemy was dead around us, spread over the sand like beached whales. If they weren't quite dead yet, they were dying shortly the way their heartbeats were fluttering. I had killed my fair share here, but this was the only one I had done with my bare hands. I scarcely kept from ralphing all over his corpse.

Jack yanked me off the dead body, enfolding me in his warm arms, and rubbed my back as he held me tight, whispering, "Don't puke. It'll ruin our cool factor. Laugh a little. It'll keep the stuff down." He chuckled at the expression I gave him. "It works for me. Try it."

I did. Ended up belching.

"Alright, bad idea."

"What the hell did you think you were doing?" King Nelson shouted in Pearl's ear.

King Fergus pointed a finger near Jack's face. "What possessed you to do that?"

"So help me, Ezra!" King Venclaire yelled. "I don't know what to do with you!"

"YOU. SHOULD. HAVE. RUN!" King Kincaid bellowed directly in my face.

The four of us stood in a straight line in King Nelson's home for this specific rant.

"Technically, Ezra and I did run," I muttered.

Ezra grunted next to me.

Jack and Pearl snickered on the other side of him.

Antonio's lips twitched as he sat on the windowsill.

King Kincaid did not find it as charming. He had been walking away, but pivoted sharply, his wolf growling. Stalking back to me, I felt the pulse of his power unleash as his fury exploded. It rocked everyone in the room until he got control of it, a grunt escaping past my lips as he aimed it directly at me. I couldn't breathe as he towered over my smaller frame.

He hissed, "I am still your King, young lady." Another pulse of power, my chest squeezed. "Do not disrespect me!" A harsh, powered push and I physically stumbled while sweat began dripping down my face. "I love you like my own, but don't you dare," a wolf's low growl and a throb of power, my eyes tearing, "disrespect me." He stared me down, his black eyes glowing, the command blatant in their depths as he really let his power ripple.

A scream fell from my lips as I fought his magical push. My body arched as my mind, and my body, begged me to bow down before him in submission. Still, I battled it with all I had.

"Enough," Antonio uttered quietly, all previous amusement gone. And when an Elder gives an order, a voice of knowledge and experience, those around listened, even Kings.

The King's power pulled away, dying a slow and painful death.

I was still dizzy and disoriented, and I staggered, hitting the wall.

King Kincaid spun to face Antonio. "Elder Farrar, she's going to be Queen. She's no longer the little child you raised. She is so powerful she doesn't even know she masks it." Yes, I did, having finally mastered that goal. "She's a tremendous asset to not only the Shifters, but to the Mystical community as a whole." King Kincaid paused, and then really bellowed, "She could have been killed! She's not ready for combat!"

Gulping much-needed oxygen, I sniffed the air, scenting his aggression, but also his protectiveness. He was freaking, not handling it right. He was scared I was going to end up like Dominic.

Pearl and Ezra each took one of my arms, helping me right myself while all three of my best friends stared at King Kincaid with death's own glare, but they wouldn't do anything to interfere between us. The four of us never stepped in when one of the Kings was having a meltdown. We knew their places, and we knew ours. Every Mys faction was diverse in the way they taught and treated their people, because they were different. Although, sometimes it was harder than other times to keep our mouths shut. For the other three, this was one of those times.

"I know her value as a Queen." Antonio's voice was soft, and his eyes glowed as he peered off to the side. "However, pushing your will on her is not the answer," a sharp glance at King Kincaid, his eyes no longer glowing, "and she will always be the child I raised." He held King Kincaid's gaze for another beat. "We need to focus on the attack. Talk to Com leaders in the United States. Find out what they know, keep the relations strong."

Resting against Ezra and Pearl, I watched as all four Kings started shouting again, but this time at one another, and even at Antonio, while I recovered.

We waited for their verdict. We knew we were going to be "grounded" again, since we had been told before - repeatedly - not to fight with Coms. To run until we were stronger. We had directly disobeyed their rule. What we waited to hear was if we would be allowed in the discussion with the United States Com leaders, that now being the subject of their argument.

Eventually, they agreed we would, but disagreed on one subject, which I hadn't even realized was a subject until it was stated and, seemingly, neither had my friends, because all four of us froze at the comments being voiced.

We had known Antonio was traveling the globe, asking certain high-powered Mysticals to transfer to our school, which they had done. First, there had been Felix. Next, was Aros - wolf Shifter. Then, Alex and Ally - Vampire twins. Later, Ross and Jordan - Mages. Lastly, Chris - earth Elemental - and Eda - air Elemental. What we hadn't put together was why they had been specifically asked here. Now, we knew.

For us.

Essentially, they were here to be our elite guard, sworn to stay near, and protect us.

I stiffened further as a ghastly thought intruded my mind. As they argued about whether our elite guard should be introduced to the United States politicians, I interrupted loudly, ice in my tone, grabbing their attention. "Do they know what they are?" My friends stayed silent beside me, and I repeated my question, the Kings' confusion clear. "Do they know what they are? That they're supposed to be our elite guard? Training for it outside of school, perhaps?"

King Nelson's golden eyebrows came together. "Of course they do. And yes, they're training outside of school."

While attempting to push back my ruthless assumption, I asked slowly, "None of you thought to tell us this?"

King Kincaid took a step forward, obviously deciphering I was upset. "We decided to tell you once they had all arrived, and we were planning to this weekend, since Eda finally made it here." Dark eyes scanned my face. "Honey, is there something wrong?"

Jack whistled low, figuring out what I had, the errant thought I couldn't rationalize away.

My eyes met Antonio's. He was the one who had brought them here. He was the one who might have asked. I felt like an ice sculpture when I questioned, "Did you tell each of them to stick close to us?"

Antonio held my gaze steadily, his words blunt. "If you're asking if I told Felix to have sex with you to keep you close, no, I did not." His golden eyes never left mine. "Nonetheless, however he chooses to do his job," he shrugged, "so be it. Just as long as he does it."

I sucked in a harsh breath. God, Antonio was so brutally honest. If you wanted sugarcoated words, even if they were hard to say, he wasn't the one to ask. He just told you how it was when he actually deigned to answer a question asked.

A deafening muteness overtook the room's occupants.

King Kincaid's eyes began narrowing furiously.

Antonio held up a stopping hand in the King's direction and cocked his head, eyes on me. "I didn't think you two were serious. Was I wrong?"

Ignoring the obvious answer to that and my voice cracking, I stated harshly, "Tell me, Antonio, would you want someone to take you to their bed because it's their job to do so? And then, to top it off, you have no clue you're just a job in the first place? Instead, you just think, hey, someone actually thinks I'm nice looking, actually feels something for me sexually, and not because magic made the person feel that way."

Shaking my head, I felt hot tears rolling down my cheeks. I quickly swatted them away. "I don't look like any of you! You're all so damn perfect. And me? Not so much. Do you know how hard that is to be around all the time? To have people only sleep with me because they think it's a privilege to sleep with their Prodigy?" I snorted and swiped away a few more tears. "And now, I'm just a f**king job. The freak-fucking-Queen lay." Another shake of my head. "I wonder if he ran to the bathroom every time afterward, so he could throw up." My stomach churned; I was feeling sick myself.

Silence.

Everyone stared. Like normal. But this time, their jaws were hanging open.

Pearl and Ezra had death grips on my arms, and Jack even had a hand on my shoulder.

Shaking, I tried to calm down, realizing everything I had just spewed.

King Kincaid took a tentative step forward, appearing very much like a man unsettled, not knowing how to deal with an upset woman, like the rest of the Kings appeared. With his palms out wide, he said softly, "Honey, Dominic thought you-"

"Dominic was drunk the first night we had sex," I cut him off, my anger flaring once more, on a damn roll. After a Mystical's Awakened, their magic knows. Elementals feel the pull to their intended mate when their magics meet. Mages much the same. Vampires know by the blood. Shifters through intercourse or, more specifically, right at their climax. It had been two weeks before my Shifter Awakening when we'd first had sex, so I hadn't known then. He had. "How can I not wonder if it was just the magic talking?"

A shake of my head. I had thought about this a lot since he died. "I can't. And now, not only am I a freak," my glare turned on Antonio, "I'm also just a damn job. Thank you for that."

I lurched away from my friends and stormed out of the room, needing to get away before my mouth decided to spout anything else I would rather others not know about me. I, normally, gave off a very confident vibe. And that, in there, hadn't been. Definitely not the tough side I usually tried showing to cover my insecurities.

King Kincaid's voice carried down the hall, growling, "I'm going to kill Felix!"

"King Kincaid..." Antonio murmured in reprimand.

I didn't hear anything else because I picked up my pace, purposely not listening as I rushed out of the house to the backyard. Tears stung my eyes, wetting my cheeks, and my throat felt like it was clogged and burning. Choking on a sob, I ran to the nearest tree I could find. I wasn't going to really run away because I found out a guy had screwed me to keep an eye on his job, to protect me, but I definitely needed some good self-pity time. Even if Felix had just been a fun time for me, it still hurt my ego, the fragile thing that it was to begin with.

Jumping, I caught a branch, and swung my legs up. I hung upside down for a few moments until I coughed on another sob, and then swung myself up. Climbing from branch to branch, I aimed for the large, thick limb halfway to the top. Once there, sitting on the heavy branch, my cheek resting against the hard bark of the trunk, I let the tears take over.

So long I had wondered about Dominic. We had jumped in so fast. When Felix took what I thought to be an honest interest in me physically, I had believed, maybe, just maybe, Dominic might have actually found me attractive like he had said. Oh, he definitely had once we were mated, but that could have been the magic. Now, all those doubts were back.

If I was honest with myself, my issues weren't solely focused on my late mate. They were also inner-focused. On me. I hadn't lied when I had said it was hard being around all these perfect Mysticals. They were all so tall, and curvy, with everything perfectly proportioned. Everything I wasn't. It was pitifully vain, but it still hurt on a daily basis.

My sobs eventually quieted to a sniffle, or two, when I heard footsteps on the grass below. I tried to scent the air, but my nose was too stuffed up. After a moment, I didn't need scents to tell me who was coming. Two heads of hair came into view below through the branches. One blue and the other black and red. The men had found me.

They didn't even look up. They just started climbing.

Wiping my cheeks and rubbing under my nose, I hastily cleared my throat.

Neither glanced in my direction, but both found a branch to sit on near me.

A beat later, Pearl was below, grumbling about breaking a nail, but didn't hesitate when she started climbing, finding a perch under the three of us. Oddly, she seemed at home in the tree as she lay back on the branch, gazing up to me. My eyes darted away, completely mortified from all I had spewed, and she sighed. There was a flash of gold, and she snapped her fingers, stating, "Truth time."

Jack and Ezra groaned, but didn't argue with her using truth magic.

She muttered dryly, "I'll go first, since no one seems to enjoy the spell." She lifted a foot, kicking one of my hanging ones, making me look at her. "Lily, if I wasn't mated, and wasn't straight, and you were a Mage, and we hadn't made that pact for friendship's sake, I would totally screw you. You're beautiful. And, really, most of the women at school are jealous of you. Not just because of your status as Prodigy, but because of your differences. What you call freak, most Mys women would love to be."

She shrugged when I stared in shocked wonder. "I wouldn't mind being a lot shorter. It's awkward with the majority of Coms being so much smaller than me. It makes me feel like a gorilla." Her mouth slammed shut. Really, she pinched her lips in an apparent effort not to say anything else. She pointed to Jack, sporting slightly pink cheeks.

He cleared his throat. "If you were an Elemental, and we hadn't made the pact for friendship's sake, I'd have sex with you in a heartbeat. Your face and body are just as gorgeous as any other Mys. You aren't a freak because you're smaller and you're a Shifter with red hair. I can't believe you don't know you're beautiful." He cocked his head, brows rising, and bent at the waist to peer into my bloodshot eyes, his tone incredulous. "Do you not own a mirror? I mean really, Lily?"

I pretty much gawked at his truth to all.

Pearl pointed to Ezra.

He stated bluntly, "Lily, I think you're sexy as hell. You have hips that a man can hold on to. A perfectly round, firm ass. And after seeing your br**sts today, I'm pretty f**king sure I prefer them over any I've seen since I've been in New York. Your facial features and red hair are just as attractive as the rest of your body." He shrugged. "If you were a Vampire, and we didn't have the friendship pact, I would have seduced you into my bed a long time ago," a roll of his finger, "for lots of sex." Another shrug when my jaw hung open.

Pearl stated factually, "As far as Felix goes, if you want me to kill him, I will. For you."

"Ditto that." Jack cracked his neck. "I'll take care of him tonight, if you want."

Ezra snorted. "I seriously doubt Felix was having sex with Lily because of his job." He paused, and then added, "But, if you want me to kill him, I'll do it."

I sputtered, nothing real coming out until, finally, my vocal chords allowed me to say, "That's so sweet of you guys to offer to kill him for me," I guess I really did think that was true, my vocals still pulling the thoughts from my head, "but I don't want him dead." I felt compelled to offer, "I'd kill for you guys, too. I love you all." I choked, my mouth firmly shut.

Pearl chuckled below. "I love you, too." She sighed heavily before blurting, "I love all of you."

Ezra divulged like he had a hairball caught in his throat that he couldn't expel. "I love the three of you, too." He instantly glared at Pearl.

Jack kept his mouth pinched shut, making noises like a Harley gunning its engine until he gasped hard and muttered, "I love you all, too." His gaze snapped to Pearl. "Turn it off!"

There was a flash of gold, and a snap, and the spell was gone. Pearl instantly kicked my foot again, saying, "Okay, spill. Since we all know Dominic was bloody in love with you, your claim it was magic is entirely ridiculous, and I want the details. How drunk was he? Was it drunk enough for kinky shit? Or so drunk he could barely get it up?" Her golden gaze was angelic.

I snorted, laughing so hard I almost fell off the branch. These were my true friends. There for me not only when bullets were flying at my head, but also when I was having a pity party. No issue was too big or small; it appeared we were stuck with each other.

Chapter Ten

The Kings and Antonio got a wake-up call to technology not two hours later.

Welcome to the world of iPhones, nooks, camera phones, and video cameras.

The four of us were raiding King Nelson's fridge when we heard the bellows coming from down the hall. Pearl stopped chewing her mouthful of chips. Ezra paused, his sandwich halfway to his mouth. Jack had a slice of pizza, which he left hanging half in, half out of his mouth. I paused in sucking on the straw of my milkshake.

"Get them in here now!" King Nelson hollered. "They're probably in the kitchen, eating all my damn food, anyway!"

Said food was quickly tossed back in the cabinets or rapidly snarfed, and the glass thrown in the sink, so when one of the guards came into the kitchen, it appeared as if we had just been talking, our expressions innocent.

"The King requests your appearance," the Mage guard told us.

We nodded, as if this was news to us, and quickly scuttled after the guard to the living room, which was odd in itself. The room was gold, from the couches to the coffee table, the recliners, and the chandelier, right along with the carpet and walls. There was even a piano in the corner continually playing soft music, the keys sparkling gold with magic.

This room had always wigged me out, and not due to the color scheme or the piano.

There were sparkles of magic dusting it in various locations. Like it was spelled. To maybe eat you if you sat where you weren't supposed to. Definitely not my first pick of King Nelson's rooms. A huge, 52" flat screen TV hung above the gold marble of the fireplace - the TV's frame gold - and was turned on to a national news station.

The Kings and Antonio stood below it, watching avidly, not paying attention to us even though they had "called" for our presence, so we stood at the back of the room - careful not to rest against the bizarre wall - and watched what they were.

A Com anchor woman with animated facial expressions stated, "First, with the breaking news, we have video footage of Prodigy Ezra Zeller and Prodigy Lily Ruckler, the designated King Vampire and Queen Shifter, under attack today. As you will see, they were not provoking their assailants. From all accounts of the video, it appears they tried to run, and in self-defense, with the help of Prodigy Pearl Cooper and Prodigy Jack Collins, the designated Queen Mage and King Elemental, they took down their accosters." A pause. "Please be aware this footage is under parental advisory," not even a second's pause, "and here's the footage..."

"Oh, Jesus," Jack muttered as the video began on the too-big, too-clear, screen.

Whoever was videoing it must have been high on a sand dune because there was grass on the outer edges of the angle. The video started with all of us sitting in one spot, talking, while the camera zoomed in to try to get a better shot. From all appearances, the person had been downwind, and far away, to keep off our radar.

"Wonderful. We now have paparazzi," Pearl mumbled.

"Stalker, more like," I clarified.

Ezra grunted.

The shot showed Ezra walking away with his head down, which was pretty much right after he had told us about his late mate. You could hear the wind whipping around as the video showed me running to catch up and then my bumping him into the water. I heard Antonio snicker, but it quickly cut off when King Venclaire nudged him in the ribs. For a moment, it was as if the person recording the video couldn't choose who to film - Ezra and me, or Jack, Gideon, and Pearl - the shot flying back and forth between us.

The person's instincts were right, and the footage trained on me laughing and running away from a soaked Ezra. We were moving closer to the camera, so the shot panned back, going wide, and caught Ezra and me racing down the beach. I was cracking up and Ezra was shouting his planned revenge. Although, from this angle, I could see Ezra was actually smiling.

Cocking my head, I observed the footage, seeing a free, joyful side to him as he sped up to torment me, and then slowed to let me get away. He seemed happy, free from his past. And so did I. I huffed, muttering, "I thought I was actually getting away from you on my own."

He chuckled. "Vampire, sweetheart. Don't forget it."

King Fergus hushed us as King Venclaire and King Kincaid glanced over their shoulders, regarding Ezra and me strangely, their eyes darting back and forth between the two of us.

Finally, Ezra muttered, "What? What did we do now?"

Neither answered, glancing at each other, then turned their attention to the screen where we were almost on the camera - you could actually hear us laughing - and apparently, that was when Ezra put on his real speed.

My jaw fell open when I saw him disappear because, at the time, I had thought he was always behind me but, now, I watched as he reappeared off to the side about twenty yards ahead on the beach, watching me for a beat, his arms crossed and a wicked grin on his face before he disappeared again, then reappeared directly behind me.

"Damn," Jack mumbled. "That was cool."

Ezra shrugged.

The footage showed Ezra picking me up, which was embarrassing because I was shrieking like a girl, the camera catching Ezra laughing as he turned three times in a fast circle before he chucked me into the ocean. Yeah, with me screeching the whole way.

I groaned.

King Kincaid cleared his throat, which sounded suspiciously like covered amusement, and tilted toward King Nelson, muttering, "I might have to try that technique."

Pearl and Jack snickered but, after a quick glare from me, they both shut up.

Onscreen, the wind carried Ezra's deep, booming laugh as I came out of the ocean water looking like a drowned rat, the camera zooming in on me - charming - and showing me grumbling under my breath until I stopped in the surf, nostrils flaring.

Holy shit. I had no clue I could look like that. Gone was the carefree, sweet young woman. In her place was a predator that would have scared me if it hadn't been...well, me.

The room went silent, seeing what I was.

Watching the scene unfold on the flat screen, I saw my eyes flash blue and my head fall back, the breeze picking up my melodious, urgent howl to perfection.

All the Kings went outwardly rigid at the sound, also knowing what it was.

The shot zoomed out, catching me leaping through the air to Ezra's side. It only looked mildly impressive to me, but to a Com it probably seemed as if I had strings attached to my body I flew so high and for so long. And yeah, thank God for those little blurry boxes they put on nude body parts because the camera zoomed in as I started stripping. The recording caught Ezra and me arguing, though not our quieter words, and then you heard the first gunshot even as our guards were rushing to us from the sidelines.

I heard a deep grunt from the person filming when I shifted, letting me know the person taping us was male, and the video showed our mad dash back down the beach. I saw three guards go down - they were dead - then we disappeared from view behind the bend where the guy couldn't film us. Although, he did film the Coms rushing across the beach with their guns drawn.

By this time, the Kings were cursing obscenities at the TV screen, a few phrases I didn't think them capable of, as Antonio took a step forward, watching the screen intently with a look of study on his face.

Footage still rolling, it pictured us as we came back around the curve of the beach, or, at least, as a wall of blue water did. The speakers thundered with all the gunfire erupting. The man recording it panted heavily and the picture moved. Seemingly, the man debated running, but the image steadied, and so did his breathing, as a stream of golden light erupted from the top of the wall of blue water.

The man caught everything on video. The guns being lifted and firing on their owners. The wall of water dropping, me shooting, Jack drowning his victims, Ezra's blood bath, and the men flying into the air only to fall to their deaths. Then the wall of water shooting back up, and our guards attacking when our assailants fired on us again. Disgustingly, the footage kept rolling even as the Coms charged the water-wall. Over the speakers, all you could hear were their screams, the image vivid as blood flew. The camera zoomed in as the wall of water went down. The image caught Jack, Pearl, and Ezra swiftly killing their assailants, and then swung to me being plowed into.

King Kincaid cursed, and then froze, eyes on the screen as the Com's gun was drawn.

The footage indicated my friends had been rushing to help me, but the recording also caught me twisting the guy around so I was on top, missing getting shot, with the picture zooming in right as I put my elbow into the Com's head.

King Kincaid's fists shot in the air.

The picture scanned the beach, showing the dead, before it cut off, going blank.

The anchor woman was shown once more, and she cleared her throat, her eyes considerably panicked as she said rapidly, "We, here at KLGM, would like to express to Ms. Ruckler, Mr. Zeller, Ms. Cooper, and Mr. Collins how deeply disturbed we are by this Com extremist group's activities. It is an atrocity, a truly heinous act. Their beliefs and conduct are not shared by anyone here at KLGM."

Antonio shut the TV off.

As one, all five turned to view us.

As if it hadn't been bad enough before, with all of them knowing what we had done in the first place - the authorities, both Mys and Com, had been called to the scene, probably by the guy with the camera - but now it was in live-and-living color worldwide.

It was safe to say we were in even more trouble.

King Fergus peered down the line of Kings. "House arrest, unless they're with each other at a King's house or school, until Graduation sound about right?"

I swallowed. That was four and a half months.

King Nelson clucked his tongue. "Maybe, they shouldn't even be allowed to be together at the houses. Keep them separate, except at school."

All four of us went rigid. That would be...undoable.

King Venclaire was staring at Ezra, and unhurriedly shook his head. "No. They're here to form bonds with one another." He scowled. "They just need to learn to follow the rules."

King Kincaid stared me in the eyes, his narrowed. "If we don't want to separate them, then let's give them a little something to do while they're at our houses to keep them out of trouble."

My lips pursed as Antonio chuckled. I didn't think I was going to like this.

No, I most certainly didn't. The Kings really knew how to pick their punishment to torturous perfection. The meaning was clear. While they dealt with the influx of calls from Mysticals around the world and the United States of America politicians to set up a time for us to speak together, we got stuck every other night babysitting.

We weren't even paid for it. The Kings just called every Mys they knew in the area that had small children, and dumped them on us, giving the parents free evenings. As an added bonus, we weren't allowed to call in reinforcements.

Like say, oh, people who actually liked kids.

Where most people - Com or Mys - saw adorable bundles of joy, all four of us only saw tiny imps with too much energy, who always smelled of ketchup, had perpetually sticky fingers, and who had no filters on their tiny, loud mouths. To say I was never having children was a no-brainer since I was a hybrid but, even if I hadn't been, I still never wanted to have a kid. My friends agreed wholeheartedly. And what did the Kings stick us with?

Babysitting.

"Take it," Ezra muttered to Pearl, awkwardly holding out the nine-month-old that wouldn't stop wailing. "It stinks."

"No way," Pearl hissed, cleaning the peas smashed on the floor from the five-year-olds' dinner. "I'm busy." She scrubbed viciously, even though that particular area was spotless.

"Here." Ezra held the child out to me. It was our first night of punishment and we were at my place while the Kings were at King Venclaire's house. Cowards. "I think it needs changed."

Blotting the spot of juice on my shirt - I had no clue how it had gotten there, except that it was in the shape of a munchkin's handprint - I scowled. "I'm not changing it!"

Jack raced into the room chasing after a three-year-old, who was carrying a full-sized carrot and making a hacking motion with it.

Ezra jumped in front of him, letting the toddler, who was wearing only a drooping diaper, squeal away happily. "Take this one. I'll get the slasher."

Jack sniffed, and made a face. "Man, I'm not stupid." He tried to outmaneuver Ezra, which was useless since Ezra was a Vampire. "I'm not taking the kid that crapped itself. I've got duty of the one who keeps stabbing the deer Shifter."

"I don't think so!" Ezra shouted, clearly ticked, holding the child away from himself, the kid screaming even louder. "If this kid needs to be changed, we can work this one out together!" He glowered at all of us.

Feeling a little guilty, I nodded. It really wasn't fair to stick him with this task.

Jack and Pearl did the same.

Grudgingly, Jack grabbed the diaper bag the parent had left, digging through it before laying a plastic thing on the kitchen table from its depths.

Ezra quickly placed the squalling kid on top of it.

We stared.

"What now?" I asked, trying to hold my breath. The kid reeked.

Jack shrugged and grabbed a diaper from the bag. "We put this," he shook the diaper, and pointed at the red-faced kid, "on that."

"How?" Pearl's head cocked.

Ezra growled. "I cannot believe they stuck us with these mongrels!"

"That's not going to help." Pearl patted his arm, glancing at the diaper bag. "Is there an instruction booklet in there?"

Digging through the bag, I found nothing except a lot of tiny clothing and some wipes. I held said wipes up. "We could probably use these."

Ezra glared at the squalling kid. "At least we'll know if it's male or female after this." The kid screamed piercingly, its chin quivering. "My money's on female."

Pearl and I glared.

Jack waved a hand at it, saying, "We need to take its clothes off."

Ezra grimaced, but started unbuttoning the once-upon-a-time soft, yellow-footed bodysuit thing it wore, which was now soaked with spit and drool. Debating internally, I decided that if I was the brat I wouldn't want to be soaked, so I pulled a clean, lavender bodysuit thing out of the diaper bag and put it on the table next to the new diaper and wipes. Ezra nodded at the clean clothes, mumbling, "Hey, that's good. Maybe, it'll shut up if it's dry."

We all nodded.

Then, we got a revelation as he pulled the clothes off.

A smell permeated throughout the kitchen that was so foul all four of us gagged.

Holding the clothes away from himself with two fingers, Ezra hollered, "It came out of the diaper! It's all over!" He swung the soiled clothes our way. "Take it!"

Pearl and I screeched, jumping back.

Jack moved into action, snapping on yellow gloves from the sink and grabbing the trashcan. He seized the dirty outfit and dumped it in the trashcan, which he sat down near us.

We gazed from it to the child with disgust.

Pearl's eyes flashed as she muttered, "I can come up with a few ways to get the Kings back."

My own eyes flared as thoughts of revenge took hold. "I've got a few ideas of my own. We'll work out the details later." She nodded, and we gazed back at the kid, who was turning purple from screaming so much, and I muttered, "You'd think it would know to shut up. That can't be healthy."

They nodded.

"So, I guess I'll take the diaper off since I've got," Jack lifted his hands, "the gloves."

The three of us stared in morbid fascination as Jack stepped forward, ripped the diaper on the sides, and lifted it back, his voice guttural. "Holy Mary, Mother of God."

I choked and covered my mouth. That just wasn't right.

Jack bellowed, throwing the diaper back over the kid, but he wasn't fast enough. It was male. And the little bugger took the opportunity to piss all over the front of Jack's shirt. While hollering, Jack tore his shirt over his head and tossed it into the trashcan to stand bare-chested, heaving in great gulps of air. Until he started gagging right along with us because we had started laughing and pulled too much stench into our lungs.

Hearing a masculine chuckle behind us as we coughed, we looked back.

Antonio was resting against the doorframe, his mien entertained, watching us fumble our way through this. His lips twitching, he pushed off the door and patted my head as he passed. Bending over the kitchen table, way too close to the spawn, he started cooing to the tiny, red-faced male. Amazing me even further, the kid shut up, only a few whimpers heard.

Antonio snatched the wipes, talking in a high, grating voice, all the while staring at the munchkin. "Diapers aren't hard." He shook his head, leaning down to kiss the mini-monster's sweaty forehead. "No, they're not." God, he sounded like a mutant. "In fact, I used to change that mean ol' Lily's diapers when she was a baby. Yes, I did." Again, he kissed the sweaty forehead. "There was one time when she was such a mess-"

I kicked him in the butt, cutting him off. No one wanted to hear this.

"Well, it looks like mean ol' Lily doesn't want me to embarrass her." He pulled the diaper off and the four of us backed away, but watched as he used the wipes and applied the new diaper. Efficiently, he put the clean clothes on the little beast. By the time Antonio was done, the male was grinning at him - and drooling - while clapping his hands like Antonio was the ultimate. "There we go."

Antonio handed the squirming male to me, his voice normal once more. "That was as a one-time demonstration. Don't come to me when the next poopie diaper arrives." His lips were twitching again. "By the smell of it, there's plenty more in the living room." Sauntering through the kitchen, he snickered. "Also, they're drawing on the walls in the foyer with the crayons one of you left them unattended with."

We scowled at the shirtless Jack, the crayons definitely his idea.

Jack grabbed a scrub brush from the sink, his shoulders slumped. "This blows."

In silence, we nodded.

Chapter Eleven

Piling into the armored limo, exhausted, I yawned. It was two weeks after the beach attack, and we were on our way to chat with the President of the United States of America about improving relations. Utterly drained, I had barely been able to drag myself out of bed after the late night babysitting at King Venclaire's home the previous evening. Combine that with my studies at school and combat classes, and I was a walking zombie.

At least I had company in my mindless trek. Jack, Pearl, and Ezra weren't any better. They had been putting in just as many long days with our punishment and the late night cramming study sessions.

The Kings were already in the limo, dressed in their finest, stuffy suits, watching us progress inside with charmed expressions. Yeah, it was loads of fun seeing us drag ass. All they kept saying over the past two weeks was that they should have thought of this sooner. Sadly, Pearl and I had decided against revenge, for fear of what new punishment they might concoct in those scheming heads of theirs.

All four of us plopped onto one of the side seats, slumping on the soft leather - not caring if our own stuffy suits that the Kings made us wear got wrinkled - while the driver shut the door behind us.

There were bulletproof vehicles in front and behind us holding our guards and our "elite" guards - the Kings had decided it was time to introduce them to the world. Felix was one of them. I hadn't spoken a single word to him since I had found out what he was, though I was pretty sure my friends had. Especially because of the first day afterward, when he had arrived in class, bloody, bruised, and sopping wet. He had left me alone after that but, unfortunately, still stayed close, doing his job.

As the limo began moving, Jack's head thumped onto my lap and he yawned so big I thought his jaw would break, then Pearl's head landed on Ezra's lap next to me, her golden hair flying over Jack's head, which he didn't even bother to brush away.

I patted Jack's shoulder, my own head falling against Ezra's shoulder, his head falling on top of mine. I closed my eyes to the Kings' chuckling and high-fiving. Whatever. One day, we wouldn't be babysitting New York's finest brats, and we would be wreaking havoc again.

"What do you really think of the precious children?" King Nelson asked, snickering.

I opened one eye, muttering, "Babysitting is the best birth control ever."

Pearl and Jack nodded.

Ezra grunted.

The Kings thought that was just too funny. He, he.

I barely withheld a snarl.

Ezra readjusted himself, sinking lower on the seat and throwing an arm over my shoulder, allowing me to snuggle up while Pearl and Jack flat out put their feet up on the long bench seat and were snoring within thirty seconds. Ezra rested his head back on mine, and I wasn't sure who fell asleep faster, me or him, as we listened to the Kings laugh it up.

It was a long drive to Washington, DC, and I was proud to say we slept the majority of the trip, only waking at lunch to eat enough food to feed a small army, which the Kings watched in wide-eyed amazement, then we promptly fell back asleep, sprawled all over one another.

"Wake up, you unruly Prodigies!" King Venclaire barked loudly.

We groaned, snuggling further against each other.

"Watch this," one of the asshats whispered.

A funny feeling tickled the bottom of my feet, waking me more, but the power-driven shock that zapped each of my toes had me screaming right along with Jack, Ezra, and Pearl, and then we were falling onto the floor in a big pile of arms and legs.

Pearl lifted her head off my stomach, blinking tired eyes at the laughing Kings, and the pretty golden doll bared her teeth, growling, "I will hurt you."

"And, they're up. In their finest form." King Kincaid bumped fists with King Nelson. "That was a nice one."

"Thank you." King Nelson nodded regally, sporting a huge grin.

King Venclaire chuckled. "I remember you doing that to our history instructor when he fell asleep during his own lecture." Snapping fingers. "What was his name?"

"Mr. Knetter." King Fergus laughed. "That was priceless. His chair tipped over."

"And you tell us we're not following the rules?" I griped, waiting for everyone to get off me since I was at the bottom of the pile.

King Kincaid bent over, staring me in the face. "We might have caused a few issues here and there, like any adolescent, but the four of you together..." He lifted to recline on the seat, shaking his head. "You four are a whole other breed."

"Thank you," Ezra stated dryly, grabbing my hand and yanking me up. "We do try to excel at every challenge." He smiled. There was a little fang in there.

King Venclaire waved an irritated hand, even though his eyes were crinkling in merriment. "Put those away, Ezra."

Ezra sighed, and they disappeared. "I'm thirsty."

Jack grabbed his neck, joking, "Don't even think about it."

Ezra rolled his eyes. "A water Elemental tastes," he cracked his neck, "watered-down." He missed Jack's jaw dropping as he stared out a window, pointing at tourists walking by. "Think you can let me out here? I'll catch up at the next light."

"You're serious?" King Venclaire asked, and Ezra nodded. "Just because you didn't drink as you should, you want us to let you out, in Washington, DC, so you can have an illegal Com snack?" He shook his head. "Think again, Prodigy."

"I didn't have time with the babysitting," Ezra ground out, his fangs descending again.

"I think we should let him drink," Jack stated, now serious, staring at the fangs.

Ezra hardly ever showed them. It didn't appear like he was in much control of them. A thirsty Vamp - not to mention, one as powerful as him - wasn't a good example to bring to a meeting with United States officials, much less with the President.

I certainly wasn't volunteering, not with my blood.

"Christ," King Nelson muttered, glaring at King Venclaire. "You should've known this."

"Do you keep track of everything Pearl consumes?" King Venclaire spewed.

No response, because that was just ludicrous.

Holding up her wrist, Pearl mumbled, "Here. Bon appetit."

Silence.

Pearl rolled her eyes, shaking her wrist. "Seriously. You're not going to be able to find a legal donor in the timeframe we have, and if you go in smiling at the President with fang showing that's not good PR." Another shake of her wrist. "Just don't make it hurt."

King Nelson's lips thinned, but he didn't stop his Prodigy from doing this, her offer within our Laws.

Ezra cleared his throat, saying softly, "I prefer the throat."

Pearl grumbled, but lowered her wrist and pulled her hair away from her neck.

"Thank you," Ezra whispered before he blurred, striking so fast I couldn't track him.

Pearl made a soft sound of surprise, and a moment later her arms fell to her sides, body slack with the pleasant vibes Ezra sent her as he drank from her throat.

I cleared my own throat, turning away from them, and started a mindless conversation on the Washington, DC monuments we were passing with the Kings and Jack, giving Ezra and Pearl a little privacy.

King Nelson still kept an eagle eye on the proceeding.

Not thirty seconds later, I heard Pearl whisper, "That wasn't so bad. Nice, actually."

"Here." Ezra pulled an orange juice out of the mini-fridge and handed it to her. "I didn't take too much, but this'll help with the dizziness."

"Thanks," she murmured, drinking it as recommended.

Ten minutes later, we pulled up to the White House.

Pearl had finished the orange juice, appearing perky fresh.

Ezra's mocha skin was slightly flushed, a healthy glow.

Jack was half asleep again.

King Nelson kept glaring at King Venclaire.

King Venclaire only rolled his eyes.

King Kincaid and King Fergus prattled on non-stop, trying to keep the peace.

I, on the other hand, stared out the window in fascination. I had always thought the White House was so cool. I was, embarrassingly, in Com awe right now. It wasn't just that the house was so impressive, but also what it meant to the Coms in America. It was where the most powerful Com in the world lived, and many before him. That was just extraordinary.

"Close your mouth, honey," King Kincaid said quietly, and my mouth snapped shut. "Try not to look too impressed." I nodded, still gaping out a window, and he mumbled softly to someone, "Keep her in the back."

The driver opened our door, and yes, the Kings ushered me toward the back when we got out, placing me between Ezra and Jack, hiding me, since I was still failing to hide my reaction to the "wow" factor. There were Mys and Coms alike outside the gate, protesting about what had happened to us. They stopped their chant and started cheering and hollering when they saw us.

Without warning, a powered fireball arced through the air, catching a tree on fire.

"Put that out," King Fergus ordered Jack instantly.

Jack nodded, eyes glowing, and lifted a hand. Blue water streamed from the center of his palm, the water arcing through the air. Jack's magic always impressed me, and I watched in fascination beside him. Only to catch him right before he hit the ground when he slumped into a dead faint as the water doused the flames. We were instantly swarmed.

Laying him safely on the ground, I screamed his name, breathing heavily, not understanding what was going on. I shook him hard - too hard - in full-fledged distress.

Ezra yanked my hands from him, lifting me to my feet, and held me close.

On his knees, worry stamped across his face, King Fergus tried waking him.

Pearl appeared like she was going to cry, or scream, so I quickly yanked her into Ezra's and my embrace, and the three of us waited to see what the hell had just happened.

Too long, moments later, Jack groaned, and instant relief flooded me as his eyes opened. Blinking sluggishly, he stammered, "Find who...sent the fire." Gasping a deep breath he, bizarrely, became frantic, struggling to stand up as he shouted, "Find who sent the damn fire!" His eyes were glowing, and his features were like when we had been about to fight the Commoners on the beach. Scary-fierce determination.

King Fergus watched Jack wobble as they both stood to their feet, and a quiet expression passed over his face. He snapped his fingers at the guards, ordering sternly, "Search the crowd for a fire Elemental in the same state as Jack."

Jack stumbled, his direction right at us. Ezra and I each grabbed one of his hands, keeping him steadily tucked between the three of us. I didn't understand the situation right then, but I knew it was deathly important to him, so I kept his hand in mine, holding it just as tightly as he did mine. His eyes were trained on the crowd, his lips thin as he watched the guards moving through the masses.

"What's going on?" I whispered to Pearl behind him.

With her steadying hands on Jack's back and her jaw clenched, Pearl didn't respond, also watching the crowd intently over my head.

It was like a jolt went through Jack as the guards stormed back through the entrance, carrying a fire Elemental, who looked barely coherent. Jack's harsh inhale was audible and he dropped our hands, racing to them.

Again, I asked, "What's going on?" I was so damn confused.

"Watch," Pearl murmured quietly, pointing to them.

Jack reached the woman, and lifted his hand. His palm was glowing blue. The woman jolted in the guard's arms, and raised one of her own hands, which was glowing red. Like magnets, their palms slammed together. A shower of blue and red sparkles burst from their connected hands, covering them in a circle.

"Oh, shit," I mumbled stupidly, realizing what this was. "He's found his mate."

Jack spoke to his mate softly where he had carried her to our limo.

She sat inside it now, her brown eyes as big as saucers, regarding him in shock and wonder as he knelt outside the limo. She was twenty-one years old, had deep ebony skin, neon red ringlet hair, was just under six feet tall, and was all kinds of curvy. Her name was Nikki Williams, from the Washington, DC area, here to kick some Com ass. I could smell alcohol on her, which probably explained the ignorant act of throwing a fireball at the President's tree. That was all I had gotten from her since she talked so softly...but, a mile a minute.

"Well," I whispered where the three of us had stood back to give them some privacy. "Guess the Elementals of the world are out of luck."

Ezra nodded, then cocked his head. "I've never actually seen an Elemental find their mate before. That was pretty remarkable."

I nodded. "First time here, too."

Pearl offered, "I saw it once before. Same thing happened when their magic touched. They actually fainted for, like, ten minutes, and then there were the sparkles of yellow and green." She glanced to the news crews outside the gates. "Jack's story is probably already being aired."

Nikki smiled shyly at Jack when he said something.

I almost choked. God, the girl had a lot to learn to keep up with him.

Timid, he wasn't, which he proved by kissing her right in front of everyone, and I did chuckle when he moved back, since she swayed like she was going to faint all over again.

"Oh, poor girl," Pearl muttered.

Ezra grunted in agreement.

I continued snickering.

Jack kept rubbing his palm and pattering his feet, antsy as he glanced back toward the doors where he had left Nikki.

Squeezing his shoulder, I whispered, "Pull yourself together. This won't take that long."

The man had gone from petrified of finding his mate to protective of his mate in the blink of a shower of blue and red sparkles. King Fergus had ended up damn near dragging him away from the limo. Jack had only gone peacefully when at least five guards had been left with her. While she was locked inside an armored limo.

"It's weird," he mumbled, rubbing his palm. He glanced at me. "She's pretty, huh?"

"Very. You're a lucky man," I stated honestly.

Ezra finished speaking with King Venclaire, turning to face us as we waited in the receptionist's area outside the Oval Office, and stated bluntly, "Let's see it."

Pearl bounced on the balls of her feet. "Yes. Show us."

Jack's lips inched into a huge grin, and he unclenched his fist, palm toward the ceiling.

We tilted our heads over his hand. There was what looked like a tattooed red flame. It was faint, so you had to look closely, but it was there.

I squeezed his shoulder once more, this time in congratulations, but a thought occurred. My gaze turned to Pearl. "I've never seen your mark." Mages also got tattooed mate marks, not bite marks like Shifters and Vampires.

Lifting her head from staring at Jack's palm, Pearl blinked. "Oh." Her cheeks pinked, but she covertly unbuttoned a tiny portion of her shirt near her belly button. She parted the material. Around her belly-button was a pale spiraling circle of gold. It reminded me of the mazes from the newspapers that I used to solve as a kid.

We bent, staring.

Ezra grinned, peering up at her. "What exactly were you two doing when your magics touched?" Mages also had to be skin-to-skin for the mark to form.

Her flush deepened, quickly buttoning her shirt. "Uh..."

Straightening, the three of us began to chuckle. Well, well. We now knew Pearl and Gideon did, in fact, have their kinks in the bedroom.

We were sitting along the wall of the Oval Office, and I couldn't even be properly awed because Jack's leg kept bouncing and his body kept jerking next to me.

I glanced around him to Ezra, who sat on the other side of him, and our eyes met.

His widened, clearly meaning: I have no flipping clue.

Sighing, and, even though it was rude as the President and a few Senators spoke with the Kings in the center of the room, I whispered against Jack's ear, "You need to quit fidgeting."

Jack jerked again and, to no one in particular, he mumbled, "Our gift is telepathy. I don't know how to stop it. She's nervous and scared," he smirked, "and she thinks I'm hot."

I was pretty sure two of the Kings heard his rant, and I whispered even quieter, "Concentrate on building a wall around your thoughts. For me, it was trees, but for you, try imagining a wall of water. A wall as tall as the sky is high, all around your mind. Explain this to her through your gift. It'll probably be a wall of fire for her. You'll still be able to hear her if she wants you to, and vice versa. You need to pay attention in here, and her distracting you isn't helping." It was harsh, but the truth.

He nodded slowly, and went still. He must have been communicating with her at first, because after a minute, he gazed blindly at the floor, somewhere far off in his own mind. He started panting quietly - it wasn't easy to do at first - and maybe ten minutes later his large body relaxed against his chair. He wiped his brow, grinning at me sheepishly, and whispered, "Thanks."

I nodded, and went back to what they were saying in front of us.

The President had given a press conference two days after our attack on the beach, and much of his comments were the same here. The Mys community had the full cooperation of the United States of America law enforcement. The Kings and President were now speaking about a joint effort between the Com CIA and the Mys MSA to provide intel between the two organizations about any planned attacks, whether it be Mys against Com - this was a real possibility since, with the attacks against us, our subjects were furious worldwide - or Com against Mys. They were correctly working for peace between our communities.

Although, the President surprised the crap out of me when he looked in my direction, then back toward the Kings, and cleared his throat - almost appearing nervous, but forged on - stating gradually, "I'm not sure if you have met Philip Masterson, Congressman."

King Fergus flicked a finger. "We haven't, but our Prodigies have met him. Along with your son, a few months ago."

The President nodded, smiling. "Yes, my son was impressed by the Prodigies at the meeting." He smiled in a way only a dad could and, really, he embarrassed his son with his next words. "I think he has a crush on Ms. Cooper."

Sitting on the other side of me, Pearl groaned softly.

I only just stifled a chuckle.

The President got back on track, saying, "What I want to talk with you four about today is unconventional by United States standards, and it's only one idea for peace. I hadn't even thought about it until Mr. Masterson approached me with the topic. He appears to have interest in Ms. Ruckler," I stiffened, "and he has proposed a very unique notion for shaping a more united relationship between Mys and Com."

He tapped his fingers, staring at the ceiling for long moments before tipping his gaze back down to the Kings. "His idea stems from hundreds of years past when two kingdoms would marry two individuals of high ilk to unite their kingdoms." His thumb tapped again as my heart rate shot through the roof, knowing where this was heading. "He would like to build a relationship like this with Ms. Ruckler. Have the two of them marry in hopes it will show the world our two divisions can come together peacefully."

I had no clue what the Kings' faces looked like, but mine had to show utter shock. My friends were stiff next to me, glancing from me to the President, but kept mute like we were supposed to. I think they were as shell-shocked as I was.

The President raised his hands when the Kings continued to sit mute. "As I said, it's merely an idea. One to think about." He lowered his hands. "I do believe it's a fairly brilliant proposal. Mr. Masterson is an upstanding man in the United States. An up-and-coming man, really. I wouldn't be surprised if one day he ran for President." He glanced to me, then back to the Kings. "I'm no matchmaker, just the backer, but I do believe they would make a fine political couple."

He had said backer. Which meant that Philip and he were pretty decent friends. Therefore, a marriage with him right now would still be advantageous, even if he wasn't ready - right now - to run for President. Jesus Christ, this was seriously not good.

Chiefly, when King Kincaid - my King - said, "We'll discuss this with Ms. Ruckler."

I almost fainted. They could not do this to me.

All three of my friends stilled further.

Pearl inhaled a giant breath, undoubtedly ready to blast them right there.

I nudged her leg and gently shook my head. Now was not the time for this discussion. If Philip was such a close friend of the President, it wouldn't be PC to abruptly turn the idea down - and not nicely.

The President smiled, nodding to King Kincaid, then went on to talk about future meetings the Kings and United States officials had planned, which were regular quarterly conferences.

As if he hadn't just dropped that huge bomb on me, turning my world upside down. I was seriously alarmed that the Kings would consider his idea, because it wasn't really a bad one, politically speaking. I wasn't ignorant enough to miss the gains it could create.

Breathing shallowly, I barely heard the rest of their conversation. In fact, Jack had to nudge me when I was the only one left sitting when they were all standing, lost in my own thoughts as I was. I was pretty sure I shook the President's hand when we left, but I was absolutely positive that as we made our way through the White House, leaving, I saw Philip standing with a group of Coms, studying papers he held.

Stopping dead in my tracks, I stared.

Pearl slammed against me from behind, whispering, "Lily, keep moving."

I jerked my head in Philip's direction, so she could see what I was seeing.

He was still as handsome as before. He wore his suit well, telling me he worked out regularly. The people around him seemed to genuinely like him as they listened to him speak while he pointed to something on the papers.

"Oh," Pearl breathed, staring right along with me.

"What are we looking at?" Ezra asked, stopped ahead of us, and strolled back.

Jack followed, both of them peering where we were.

They both grunted.

My friends, the group with normally so much to say, expressed their feelings on this topic in such small ways, but all three of them always got their point across.

Philip's eyebrows furrowed and he stopped talking, looking left, then right. Eventually, straight at me. Those dark, intense eyes leisurely ran up and down my body before meeting mine. Held. If one man could put a thought into his gaze, it was him. After only meeting him once, it was there in his eyes. He wanted me. Not just for the political aspect.

"Diplomatic decision, my ass," Ezra rumbled.

Jack snorted and turned his eyes on mine, murmuring quietly, "He looks like he wants to throw you on a bed and gobble you up." He paused. "Bit by bit."

"With honey drizzled all over her body," Pearl whispered, gaining a look from all three of us. She didn't seem to notice, though, peering over my head to where our group had traveled. "We'd better go. The Kings are waiting at the door. They look annoyed."

Glancing that way, I saw she was right. Clearing my throat and walking with my friends, I took one more look-see at Philip. He hadn't looked away. For a Com, he wasn't bad. Not bad at all. But, still, it just seemed wrong. Me with a Com? I seriously hoped the Kings weren't going to push this.

Chapter Twelve

They pushed.

The limo ride home was quiet, except for Jack and Nikki's soft murmurs as they got to know one another. It was automatically assumed she was coming with us and would be attending King Hall for the remainder of the year. Her parents were ecstatic about the news, Nikki having called them from the limo during her alone time at the White House.

The Kings waited until we arrived at King Kincaid's house, then for Nikki to be taken to another room. That was when they attempted to make Jack, Pearl, and Ezra leave the study. The Kings seemed honestly shocked when they didn't obey.

Antonio had joined our group by now, and he raised his hands, asking calmly, "Whatever you want to discuss with Lily, what's the harm in letting them stay?" He gestured toward me while I sat with a clenched jaw, surrounded by my friends. "She obviously wants them here. And they," a gesture to my furious friends, "want to stay, too."

"This is not their concern," King Nelson ground out. "This has to do specifically with Lily. Not them."

"They don't have to do everything together," King Fergus specified slowly.

King Kincaid had been sitting mute for some time, but glanced from me to my friends, lingering on their faces. "Let them stay. This is a political decision."

My friends snorted.

Antonio shut the door and the discussion ended on who was staying or going.

King Venclaire cocked his head and crossed his arms, resting a shoulder against the wall. "You don't believe Philip Masterson wants to marry Lily for political reasons?"

Jack and Pearl laughed sardonically.

Ezra muttered brusquely, "No."

King Nelson didn't appear pleased they were still in here, but asked, "The President seems to think so, and it's essentially not too far-fetched an idea. What do you four know that we don't?" He was giving us that adult look meant for slow kids. "And the President doesn't?"

Ezra gave his own glance of disdain. "He wants to f**k her." Blunt, to the point.

"He was hitting on her the day we met," Jack added.

Pearl was still laughing. "We saw him in the White House today. You should have seen the way he looked at her." She fanned her hand in front of her face. "You could have lit the place up with that gaze."

Each King blinked ever so gradually.

King Venclaire asked evenly, "And this is relevant how?" He pushed off the wall. "If he wants to marry her, there would obviously be sexual relations, so it wouldn't be horrible if he finds her attractive. That doesn't mean it's not a sound political decision."

Pearl probed, "Why wouldn't he just call her like a normal person does? Why go through the back channels first?"

I could answer that one. "Because he knows that Coms killed my mate, and he knows that Coms have attacked us recently." I shook my head. "He knew I would turn him down without a push to say yes. He's smart." Too smart.

King Kincaid reclined on his massive, brown leather chair and steepled his fingers, asking pointblank, "Honey, would you be opposed to a relationship with him for political aims between our communities?" He paused. "I don't think I have to state the benefits which would come from this union."

"No, you don't," I answered softly, even though it wasn't a question. Standing from the couch, I moved to stare out a window at the tree line surrounding my home. The view was peaceful, and allowed me to really think while everyone was silent, waiting patiently as I debated this horrible decision.

Ezra wasn't in the patient category. "You cannot be seriously considering this!"

"Lily, he's a Com!" Pearl exploded in a chain reaction.

"Maybe she needs something to eat to clear the cobwebs from her head," Jack mumbled.

"This is why they should not be in here," King Nelson argued.

"Enough," I murmured, placing my palm on the glass, feeling the wind push against the pane. Taking a fortifying breath, I turned to face my friends. "I never wanted this position. But, I have it nonetheless. I'm going to be responsible for the entirety of Shifters worldwide and this, a marriage to someone who, obviously, has the President - the most powerful Com in the world - in his back pocket," I paused, "and could possibly become the most powerful Com in the world...I have to think about it."

Pearl and Jack glared. Mute.

Ezra spewed, "I can hear your heart rate. You don't want to marry him. Just because you lost Dominic does not mean you have to sacrifice yourself for the greater good by marrying someone you don't love. There are many ways to go about forging alliances. This is only one of them. One that a horny man is taking advantage of-"

King Venclaire interjected. "Ezra, that's enough. This is her-"

"No, that's not enough." Ezra returned the favor, pointing at his King as he stood. He slammed his finger my way, his voice rising as he really let it fly. "You think I don't know what it's like to have that f**king hole in your chest where your mate used to be?"

"I know you do," I answered softly, my own hole pressing like a void of despair.

"That's right. I do. And, I know what you're doing right now. You're on the verge of losing yourself because you think that hole can't ever be filled again." He threw his hands out to his sides, his dress shirt straining over his vast, tense muscles. "Who's to say it can't be? Who's to say you can't actually find love with someone else? Meet a nice Shifter, and fall madly in love, where magic hasn't preordained it?"

Pointing again, he stalked right to me. "I will say it again. There are many ways to form alliances. Ones which don't require you tying yourself down to a man who doesn't even bother with a smart strategy, only manipulates the situation." He jabbed my collarbone. "You say he's smart, but all I see is idiocy. He took the ignorant, back way in, hiding behind power instead of facing you full on and giving it a real shot. And, not only is he unwise, he's a coward to do it that way, and a weakling will never have immense power in America." He jabbed me once again, then crossed his huge arms right in front of my face, glowering down at me.

Quiet.

I stared at Ezra's chest instead of his green gaze. He had spoken of my heart rate and, now, I listened to his thunder like mad in his conviction. Sadly, he knew why I was considering this, had thrown it all back in my face, and he was right on all counts.

I was thinking about sacrificing myself. I had never thought I would want a real relationship again, much less, love. That just seemed absurd. Finding love after having a connection like I'd had with Dominic?

But...the way Ezra had spoken of it made me second-guess myself.

One day, would I really want to find someone?

Would I really want to be in love again?

Into the drawn-out silence, King Nelson stated dryly, "Ezra, that was a fine speech, but what are these alleged alliances that could be made?"

Ezra fairly pulsed in front of me with tension.

The couch squeaked, then Jack cut in, answering, "Money." He moved across the room to us where Ezra and I stood like statues, facing each other. "We have tons of it compared to the Coms. We could begin donating to their causes instead of hoarding it for ourselves. Or, we could become more involved with the defenses here in the United States. We met Arthur Lamar, General Lamar's son, at that same meeting. His ideas were too Com-based but, with tweaking, we could possibly integrate Com and Mys together for national use. In return, they could help us fight our enemies on their soil." He held up his hands, saying quickly, "I said it would involve some tweaking, but it could be done to benefit Mys and Com alike."

"Community service," Pearl stated, coming to stand on the other side of Ezra and I. "All this freaking babysitting has me thinking. We live in these nations that are Com-run, but we do nothing to help them. We use their resources and give nothing in return. We could start a few non-profits around the world. Begin giving back to the nations we live in. A little aid could change the mindsets of Coms so that they don't see us as such a threat - even though we are. They would see we can help them construct residential or commercial buildings so much faster. In return, they could put businesses in these places with a mixture of Coms and Mys. Win-win. Jobs, money, and kindness for all."

"Start putting Mysticals in political positions within the nations. The treaty is designed for that," Ezra stated, still sounding pissed and staring down at me, his heart rate only now beginning to slow. "It'll take time and, more than likely, the positions minor at first, but a lot of small steps will lead to a larger one." A pause. "True acceptance."

I bit my lip, speculating if that was enough. Their ideas were great, and I even had the crazy idea to begin integrating our schools in select cities. In locations already heavily populated by Mysticals, so that the community was already used to them. However, would our ideas be enough?

"You don't have to do this," Pearl whispered harshly, peering down at me. "It's not hundreds of years ago. These are different times."

"Lily, there's more than one road to the same destination. This is only one," Jack spoke gently. "One you don't have to travel."

"Those are all very interesting ideas," King Kincaid murmured into the quiet, speaking softly. "Ones we will be talking with the Elders about." He paused. "The point is, though, that Lily hasn't given us her decision on what she wants to do about Mr. Masterson."

I drew in a breath, and blinked slowly as I moved my gaze from those straining buttons up to a spring green gaze that hadn't turned away from me yet. His eyes bore into mine, his belief still strong. Maybe, just maybe, I was being rash in even considering a marriage to this man because, although it might be a good political decision, I still had no interest in marrying him. He hadn't gone about it the right way, like Ezra had said. Philip manipulated our predicament to better his own goals.

I glanced to my right, to Pearl's golden eyes. The same verdict was there.

I glanced to my left, to Jack's brown eyes. They almost glowed in his belief.

Sucking in another breath, I turned my attention to King Kincaid. "Break it to him easy, since he's friends with the President, but I won't marry him. I don't want to marry a man like him. Had he gone about it differently, I might have been naive enough to fall for it, but he didn't. He showed his true colors up front, and I don't want him or a man like that aligned with the Mys community."

The room was silent until King Kincaid hummed, "I think those are the wisest words, and decision, you've made so far." He nodded, and gradually the other Kings nodded their agreement, after a few moments of consideration. "Get out of here, Prodigies." He waved his hand at the door. "We've got business that will bore you to tears."

Ezra dipped and thumped me on the forehead with his palm, staring me in the eyes. "Don't be that stupid again. You're better than that."

Jack and Pearl nodded, glaring as we crossed the room.

Antonio patted my head affectionately when I walked through the door he held open.

We stopped directly outside it, facing each other.

I felt stupid for being so...well, stupid. I mumbled, "Sorry about that."

"Ah, whatever," Jack said as Antonio shut the door, but it bounced back open a smidge. "We're all entitled to our dumbass moments."

Pearl nodded. "Luckily, we've got each other to-" She stopped abruptly when the Kings started discussing us inside the study.

"I know we want them to bond. Hell, that's why the Prodigies are brought to King Hall in the first place, but they're too close," King Nelson stated heatedly.

"It's as if they can't make a single decision without the others' input," King Fergus said. "Joint decisions are wonderful - and needed - we know that, but they need to be able to make decisions alone that are best for their own people."

The four of us had stopped breathing, eavesdropping, but we froze when King Nelson offered, "Maybe, we should separate them until graduation. After that, they'll be going wherever they choose to set up their home base. It'll give them the time and experience they need to make these decisions on their own before they graduate."

"They came up with some pretty ingenious ideas together," Antonio detailed into the conversation, his voice mild, not irritated like the Kings', "That's progress."

King Nelson grunted.

King Fergus murmured, "Since you've been here, you've been preaching their need to get to know one another. Spend time together. You almost seem pleased with these results, their familiarity with one another." He paused. "Why is that, Elder Farrar? What aren't you telling us? Because we all know you're keeping something back. Why are you even doing this?"

The four of us unfroze, leaning closer to the open crack of the door.

Antonio's response was soft. "Because I must." Well, didn't that explain a lot? He loved using that phrase whenever he deemed it useful.

King Fergus muttered, "Kincaid. Venclaire. Both of you are awfully quiet. What's your opinion on their bond? Should we separate them before it becomes a real problem?"

There was a stretched silence.

Finally, King Kincaid murmured, "I do agree with you two, but I also agree with Elder Farrar. Jack needs to be able to lead his subjects alone, just the same as Lily needs to be able to lead hers, and so on and so forth, but their ideas together today...it just goes to show what their time together has done. Those ideas were genius, and I could tell by the look on Lily's face she has one too, but she was too worried about marrying that weasel to voice it. If they can do that together, think of what they could accomplish once they're Kings and Queens." A quiet pause. "Yes, I agree with Elder Farrar. Let them make their strong bond. I believe each Prodigy is intelligent enough to make decisions for their people when the time comes."

King Nelson huffed, and then queried, "What about you, Venclaire?"

A long silence, then King Venclaire stated steadily, "I believe we should let them stick together. There's nothing wrong with their bond. I'm actually a little jealous. If we'd been half as in sync as they are, we may have been better Rulers for it."

King Nelson sighed, muttering, "I should have known you'd say that. You've always been the most liberal of us." It didn't sound like a compliment.

"What's that supposed to mean?" King Venclaire retorted.

King Nelson snorted. "You've always been the most open with your views. Don't even think we don't know about that Shifter you fell in love with." My heart stopped, and then started again with a crazy-frantic rhythm, my friends around me gaping. I ignored them, and tried to calm down, especially when, even though stunned, Ezra glanced to me with raised brows, but King Nelson wasn't through, saying harshly, "You still loved her after she was gone, when you became the f**king King, Venclaire! You may have tried to hide it, but we all knew. So, yes, you're most definitely the liberal of our group. And, I think it all started with her, because ever since then you've been too free with your decisions and your people."

"I have always been a great King to my people. Ask any of them if they are dissatisfied. No one will tell you they are, I can guarantee you that," King Venclaire growled, sounding infuriated. "And don't you ever bring up Angela. You have no right to say anything about her."

My friends were dumbfounded, their eyes wide, but my heart broke hearing his tone.

King Nelson laughed. "God, you're still in love with her! A Shifter! And it's been how long since she ran away from you?"

I jumped, hearing flesh hit flesh, then a deep curse from King Nelson.

The four of us stood in stunned silence.

My biological dad had just pummeled King Nelson.

"You went too far," King Fergus said softly. "Apologize to him."

"To hell with that," King Nelson thundered. "I f**king bled!"

"You will apologize," King Kincaid murmured quietly, but with steel in his tone. "Not only because she was someone he loved, but because you've just disrespected my Prodigy's mother. I will not have you belittling her name in my house. By all accounts, she was a wonderful woman and mother."

I stood frozen, not glancing at my friends, whose heads had snapped my way. I hadn't told them that little tidbit, nor had I wanted them finding out. And now, they had. Quickly, I pursed my lips to keep from babbling and put my hands in my pockets, no fidgeting.

"I didn't know Angela Springs was Lily's mother," King Fergus muttered incredulously. "I only knew Elder Farrar helped raise her." He paused. "Oh Jesus, Venclaire. How the hell can you stand to be in the same room as the man if you loved her so much?"

"He wasn't with her that way," King Venclaire muttered harshly. "Right?" He sounded like he wanted clarification...and didn't want it at the same time.

I closed my eyes, praying Antonio didn't say he had been more than friends with my mom. I didn't think so, but still, it wasn't something I really wanted to know if they had been.

Antonio cleared his throat and asked softly, "Would it really matter if we had been together? She had already left you."

My head fell. Not really the answer I wanted to hear. It wasn't a yes or a no.

"I helped a good friend raise her daughter. That's all that matters in the end. She's passed on, and now, her daughter's here, alive and strong," Antonio stated into the silence.

"Christ, I had no clue this was so f**king complicated," King Nelson muttered. "Yeah. I'm sorry, Venclaire. But, if you ever touch me again, I'll blast you to the middle of the damn ocean."

My friends were still staring at me.

I kept my focus on the slightly ajar door.

"Back to the matter at hand," King Fergus murmured quickly. "Do we separate them?"

"I'll be the deciding vote since I'm an Elder, and you know what I'll say," Antonio's voice was underlined with coolness. "This means you don't need to vote, since both King Kincaid and King Venclaire have said they want them to stay together."

King Fergus and King Nelson grumbled a bit, but the decision was clear.

We weren't going to be pulled apart.

With the way my best friends were looking at me right now, I wished we were.

Pearl grabbed my hand out of my pocket and yanked me down the hallway, then up the stairs, Jack and Ezra following directly on our heels, where she continued hauling me - silently - all the way to my bedroom, where she unceremoniously pushed me on my bed.

Jack slammed the door, rubbing at his palm, antsy again with his shuffling feet, but his expression told me he wasn't going anywhere.

I didn't even bother glancing at Ezra, knowing he would be scowling.

They stood directly in front of me, arms crossed, a solid wall of ticked off besties.

Pearl broke the silence, asking, "You knew, didn't you?"

My lips thinned, but there was no point in lying about this part. "Yes. The first day of school, he thought I looked familiar." I smiled weakly. "Only a few hours later, it must have clicked. He said I looked just like her. Said they were," I used finger quotes, "friends."

"Did you know that he loved her?" Jack asked. "Still does from the sound of it."

I nodded. "Antonio knew them when they were together. He happened to mention it."

Ezra exploded, "And you didn't bother to tell us? A King falling in love with someone from a different Mys faction is huge!" He rubbed the back of his neck. "It's just not done."

Pearl added, "Don't forget, it sounded like Elder Farrar was with her mother for a time."

I cringed, and gave the only excuse I could. "She was my mom." I shrugged. That should be enough said. Nobody likes to gossip about their mom. "And Antonio didn't actually say they were together." I shook my head. "I never thought they were, anyway."

Still rubbing his hand, Jack squatted to look me in the eyes, since I wasn't meeting any of theirs. "You should have told us, even if she was your mom."

Ezra bent next to him, directly in front of me, glaring. "If anyone had made a crack at my King on this subject, I would have been left high and dry, feeling like a fool for not knowing the truth."

Pearl dipped next. "We have to know these sorts of situations in advance. Be prepared for any snide remarks that would, and probably still will, come out once he's no longer King. That's when they really hit. When you're no longer their Ruler."

My lips pinched even more, and I reiterated, "She was my mom."

"We're not saying anything bad about her, Lily. It wasn't illegal, it's just not done, so if others know about it, there could be talk," Jack stated slowly and softly. "We need to have the correct information to know how to deal with situations like this in the future. You could have put Ezra in a really bad situation when he became King."

Their love affair may not have been illegal, just a horrendous taboo, but I sure was. The old fear came back to me, even as I nodded, saying, "Fine. I understand."

Jack nodded and stood, rubbing his palm.

Pearl patted my leg, kissing my forehead as she straightened.

Ezra's nostrils flared. He held the breath in. His arched brows slammed together right in front of my eyes. Jack and Pearl were already heading toward my bedroom door when Ezra asked, "You smell of fear. What else aren't you telling us?"

My heart rate broke into a wild gallop.

Ezra growled under his breath.

Jack and Pearl turned and stopped, watching. Waiting.

I focused on my own personal brand of fear training, thinking of a warm and safe place, a tree with beautiful, fat green leaves on a cool, summer's day, and said what would only make sense, since he knew I was scared, "Nothing you need to know."

His glare intensified, and I pictured that peaceful tree as he said harshly, "We know everything about each other, and only a threat scares someone this bad."

Jack took a step toward us, his eyebrows lowering. "What is it, Lily? We'll help you, no matter what it is."

Pearl snorted. "You know we'll kill for you."

I almost laughed at that, my lips even twitching, which was a mistake on my part, since they noticed, so I stated honestly, "This is nothing that any of you can help with." You're the ones who will kill me if you know.

"Lily..." Pearl murmured, taking a large step forward, now even with Jack.

I held up my hands to stop their barrage. "Trust me when I tell you it's nothing you should know, and it's nothing you can help me with." I paused, and added, "Please. Just let me keep this one to myself."

Jack sucked in a harsh breath, glancing to Ezra and Pearl, and then back to me before he asked, "Are you being threatened?"

"No." Truth. Not right now, anyway.

"Have you been threatened in the past?" Pearl asked.

"No." Truth. I hadn't directly been.

"Are you afraid of being threatened by someone?" Ezra asked.

"No." Lie. Damn if my heart didn't race, my safe-place not holding.

His Vampire actually hissed. "Who the hell are you afraid of?"

Jack's eyes started to glow.

I sputtered, "Look, I love you all so much, and I know you're worried about me," obviously, "but just let me handle this. If you know..." I scanned my bedroom for an escape, but found none. "I won't let you know. It's mine to bear. Not yours. Please, just stop."

Pearl stared to the side at nothing, her gaze now glowing, spells and time flittering the air before she gasped in a dreamlike voice, "She's afraid of us."

They stilled.

My control snapped with her power usage, which had untangled the answer they wanted. Unable to breathe, I jerked back from Ezra, and started scrambling over my bed, because if Pearl pulled the truth out of me with a damn spell, I was a goner. I lunged off the bed, flying at the window, prepared to take a header out my second-storey window and just praying that my Shifter abilities let me land on my feet.

Instead of the glass I expected, my head slammed against Ezra's chest. He had moved so fast I hadn't even seen him. Nothing new, but it still hurt like hell. I hit the floor, rolling and holding my head. I went for the gun I had under my bed, and got a hand on it, but Ezra grabbed my legs, jerking me back across the carpet. I grunted, and dropped the damn gun as he lifted and tossed me onto my bed. I bounced once, then dove for my weapon on the floor, but it suddenly glowed golden and hurled through the air, straight to Pearl's hand.

I froze from my perch, half off my bed, staring at the gun.

There were silver bullets in the clip. I hadn't planned on killing them with it. I did love them, so I wouldn't do anything too drastic, but I had been prepared to stop anyone from following me. Now, they had my weapon.

Flabbergasted, Jack shouted, "What the hell was that?" His brown eyes swung to Pearl. "Is she under a spell?"

Pearl's eyes were still glowing but, instantly, her skin glowed and her flared gaze began traveling up and down my body, her power pushing against me. She shook her head as I slowly started creeping up onto the bed, and she muttered, "No. No spell. I have no clue what's wrong with her." She lifted the gun and I froze again, but all she did was check the clip. "They're f**king silver!" She glared. "You were going to shoot us with silver bullets?"

Voice croaking in fear, I said, "Not to kill. I wouldn't do that to you guys." That was true, I wouldn't do that even to save my own life, which seemed a little foolish now as I stared at the person holding my means of escape. And death.

A whoosh of air was all that alerted me Ezra was coming and, regrettably, it wasn't enough to help. I was abruptly flipped and shoved onto my mattress with a heavy brute of a Vampire on top of me. Grunting, I tried every possible way to get out of the hold, and almost managed once with a knee to his groin, but he succeeded in keeping me contained. He was too fast, remarkably powerful, and damn muscled for a Vamp. I hadn't been able to beat him in hand-to-hand once yet.

I closed my eyes in defeat, pinned under him.

There was no way I could get away with these three in the room. One of them, possibly, if I had been smart and kept distance between us. I had almost got my gun back, until Pearl had snatched it away, but there was definitely no way of escape with all three of them here.

Blinking my eyes open, I stared up into Ezra's narrowed, spring green gaze.

He hissed softly, "What the f**k's going on, sweetheart? What have you done that you're so scared of us?" His head cocked, his words quiet. "I've done many things that could get me in trouble. Especially after my mate died, but never once did I fear what you guys would do to me if you found out." He paused, grinning, and then drawled, "You've been naughty. Fess up, and I promise it won't be as bad as you're imagining."

A little hysterical, I laughed. "Oh. It's bad. You'll kill me. Instantly. Same as Jack or Pearl. Or any other King or Elder."

Ezra snorted. "I should have been killed eleven times by our Laws." He winked. "I'm still here." Truth.

"I'm not even going to ask what you've done, Ezra," Pearl muttered. "I can only imagine." She sat on my bed beside my head, gun still in hand. "Plus, you're smart enough not to be afraid of us." Golden eyes dipped to me. "But you, Lily, what have you done that has your common sense taking a leave of absence?"

"God, this has got to be good," Jack mumbled, sounding almost excited. He sat down on the other side of my head. "Ezra's right. Just tell us. As long as you haven't killed any of the munchkins, I can pretty much guarantee this isn't as bad as you're thinking. We probably wouldn't be able to hide a dead imp, since the parents would be squawking about their missing brat too much." He smiled. "You never know, though."

Oh, dear Lord. I choked on tears. "God, I love you guys," I shook my head, "but this one's even worse."

"Tell us," Ezra purred soothingly, but his grip had in no way loosed on my wrists. "You know you aren't getting away until you do."

Fat tears trickled across my temples as I looked back and forth between them. Eventually, I stared at the gun. "I'll tell you if you promise to make it as painless as possible." Maybe, a bullet to the brain, like how Dominic had died, would be the way to go.

Jack muttered, "We're not going to kill you, Lily. Calm down."

Pearl placed the gun far away, on my nightstand, her implication clear.

"Sweetheart," Ezra coaxed gently. "Just open your mouth and tell us."

I gurgled, and then laughed deliriously under him. "Funny thing you should mention mouths." Clearing my throat, my chuckling died a short death as I peered into those spring green eyes that were hooded just so I wouldn't be scared, but he wasn't fooling me. "Jack. Pearl. Come in real close. You won't want to miss this." Might as well add some humor to my impending death.

Jack and Pearl bent closer, placing their heads next to Ezra's, all their foreheads touching.

I sighed, staring at them only inches away. "Now, pay attention to my mouth."

Three pairs of eyes lowered to my mouth as I opened it slowly.

My bitty fangs descended.

Chapter Thirteen

Brown, gold, and green eyes gradually widened, then opened wider, just like their mouths were, uncannily, in time with my fangs descending.

Staring at them, I tried to gauge how they were going to kill me. I had lied to them terribly, but I hoped that because they loved me they wouldn't be too brutal. As the minutes ticked by and my friends remained silent, their jaws slowly closing - even though their eyes stayed as big as saucers - I decided they would be swift about it. I didn't believe they would be deliberately cruel.

I tried smiling, but they just stared at my fangs. "Well, how are you going to off me? A bullet or injection?" Those were the two I bet they would choose from.

"You're a hybrid," Pearl murmured in immense shock.

I nodded. Um, yeah. That's what the fangs meant when I also went furry.

"They're so tiny," Jack whispered, lifting a hand, and he touched my left fang.

I flinched, glaring.

"Don't ever touch the fangs, man," Ezra whispered heatedly.

"Why?" Jack asked, finger hovering over my fang, but he lowered it again.

Before he could touch me like that once more, I nipped his damn finger, using a little of my Vampire speed. Fangs were very sensitive. A soft touch felt like an intimate caress.

He yelped, and stuck his finger in his mouth. I had made him bleed.

"Told you," Ezra murmured absently.

My eyebrows came together, rolling the drop of Jack's blood in my mouth. "You're right, Ezra. Watered-down." Odd, that.

"Uh-huh." He nodded mechanically. "I wasn't lying."

Pearl cocked her head the other way, lowering it even more, and stared at my fangs until Ezra knocked her head out of his way with his forehead. Distractedly, she rubbed her head where he had bumped her, murmuring, "They're kind of..." Her voice trailed off as she cocked her head the other way.

"Cute," Ezra rumbled. "They're pretty damn cute. They fit her."

Pearl said, "Yes. That's it."

Jack nodded in agreement. "They're tiny. Like her."

They stared.

I closed my mouth, pursing my lips.

They scowled.

Ezra let go of one of my wrists - totally stunning me - and pinched my chin with two fingers and pushed it down, making me open my mouth again, and before my shock wore off, he grabbed my wrist again.

They stopped scowling, staring in fascination.

My sigh was heavy. Of course, they would act this way first. Who wouldn't? "Guys, the suspense is killing me. Shot or injection is all I want to know."

Jack ignored me, asking, "Do you drink like a full-blooded Vampire?"

I nodded. "Once a day."

"Who do you drink off of since no-one can know?" Pearl asked. "Or do you use your powers to make them forget?" Illegally was left unsaid, but I heard it anyway.

"I only ever drank off Dominic, and he loved it, so I didn't need to use my powers like that," I informed them honestly.

"He knew?" Jack asked, sounding mystified.

"Of course he knew," Ezra rumbled. "He was her mate. She would have bit him twice for their mate mark." He paused. "Right?"

Another nod as I waited for their answer.

Pearl's eyebrows came together even though she still stared at my fangs like the other two. "He was a Shifter. Shifters get naked a lot. How did no one see the Vamp mark?"

My lips twitched.

Ezra chuckled, vibrating on top of me. "She put it somewhere hidden."

Pearl and Jack blinked, and then nodded studiously.

"What do you drink if..." Ezra's nose crinkled. "Sweetheart, not bagged. That's revolting."

I shrugged the best I could under him. "How else am I supposed to drink without doing anything illegal? Since me being alive is illegal enough?"

His straight nose still scrunched, he ordered brusquely, "You're not drinking that shit again. You'll be stronger if you drink from the source, without all the processes they put the blood through. You'll drink from me in the future." I quit breathing under him, and his head jerked toward Pearl. "Or Pearl, if she lets you. I think Jack's a little fang-frightened. Plus, he tastes like crap."

Pearl nodded. "I don't mind. Especially if it'll make her even stronger than she is now."

Jack muttered, "Well, hell. I'm not real big on the fangs, and have never let a Vamp drink off me before, but Pearl said it wasn't bad. I'll donate every third day."

Frozen, I was sure my face was turning a horrible shade, as I hadn't taken a breath yet.

They smirked, gazes still on my pearly fangs.

Ezra murmured, "Breathe. You should have known we weren't going to kill you over some archaic law."

Shaking his head, Jack muttered, "You know us better than that."

Pearl clucked her tongue. "She was even going to shoot us to get away. Bad form, Lily. We would never kill you, so wake the hell up. We're in this together. Haven't you figured that out yet?"

I sucked in a huge breath, and started weeping. They were serious. Their heartbeats were normal and I smelled no deception. They loved me that damn much.

Ezra muttered, "Shit. I didn't expect that." He sounded rattled.

"Of course you didn't. You're a guy. Quit restraining her and hug her," Pearl ordered.

"Do something!" Jack's eyes were enormous. "She looks so pitiful."

I didn't even care that they were staring down at me as I sobbed. I was just so frigging happy I couldn't control myself. As soon as Ezra let go of my wrists, I wrapped my arms around Jack and Pearl, pulling them down onto Ezra and me, where he had followed directions and enfolded me in his arms. I sputtered against their faces, "You guys are so great. I couldn't ask for better friends. Ever."

Jack groaned, patting the top of my head.

Ezra grunted.

Pearl hushed me gently.

Once my sobs quieted, Ezra and Jack made a few manly rumbles and pulled away while Pearl helped me sit up, then she stood as I rested against the men leaning on my headboard, and we watched her pace my room as she pointed to Jack, asking, "Got a few more minutes to talk this through?"

Jack nodded instantly. "Nikki's eating right now." He glanced to me. "Oblivious. She'll stay that way."

Thank you, I mouthed, and kissed his cheek, earning an eye roll from him.

"Okay." She started ticking away on her fingers. "First, drinking." She stopped pacing, asking, "Are you thirsty now?"

My damn fangs wouldn't go back up. "Yeah, I normally drink before I go to bed."

Her tongue ran over her own teeth as she stared. "Alright. Take your pick."

"She can't drink off you today," Ezra commented. "I've already done so."

"Jack or Ezra, then." She clapped her hands. "Chop-chop. We've got a lot to talk about."

Swallowing a laugh, relief still heavily residing within me, I glanced at the two men. The decision was simple, but I felt I had to explain, so I said, "Jack, I'm picking Ezra. You've got your new mate to deal with tonight, and I don't want you to be...tired."

He grinned, because he was a dog that way. "Thank you. I'd prefer not to fall asleep on her when I'm supposed to be-"

I slapped a hand over his mouth, stopping that info. "Don't want to know."

His grin widened under my hand, but he kept quiet.

"How do you prefer it?" Ezra asked smoothly.

"Throat," I answered honestly.

He didn't even blink an eye, and began piling some pillows behind him against my headboard. Once he had a huge mound in place, he rested on them in an almost sitting position, but reclined enough so that he wouldn't fall if I took too much.

I cleared my throat. "I need to-"

"I know," he interrupted, patting his legs. "Hop on."

"Okay," I whispered, and moved to straddle him, climbing on top of him.

"He didn't do that to me earlier," Pearl mumbled.

Ezra educated them. "On a bed, unless she wants to lie to the side, this is the most comfortable for someone as short as her going at the throat. And, really, she won't be able to reach if you're standing, which is a bad idea in case of a fall. I'm taller, and was able to maneuver around you in the limo without pressing on you, but she wouldn't be able to do that. Although, she could do it from behind if I wasn't lying against the headboard, which she could do for you or Jack. Whatever you're comfortable with. I'm used to this position, though, so it doesn't bother me."

"Hmm," Jack hummed. "I'm thinking my mate won't like her on me like that."

We stopped. Stared. That was such a bizarre comment coming from his mouth.

He cleared his throat. "You know what I mean." Yeah. We did. It was the mate bond.

Gently, I lifted Ezra's chin, and lowered my face, strangely nervous.

He stated gently, "Don't be nervous." Damn nose. "You won't hurt me."

"I know that," I muttered, staring at his mocha skin where his pulse throbbed. "But, I only ever did this with Dominic before. I don't know what...vibes to send you."

He chuckled, getting my point. "At first, it might take a few pulls to change your approach, but that won't bother Jack or Pearl because they're mated. I don't mind being your trial run. Just focus on it, and work through your kinks."

"Alright," I mumbled, trying to figure out how to do this without turning him on. "Well, here goes my first bite of someone not my mate."

I didn't strike like Ezra had done with Pearl. I wasn't that used to doing this without harming my donor, plus, I was a little rusty. Instead, I gently placed my mouth against his neck, and felt his pulse with my tongue, and then I let my fangs slice into his throat. He didn't gasp or flinch like Dominic had always done, and I tentatively took my first pull.

My heavy groan followed.

Dear God, he was delicious. After bagged blood, it was like having fine dining instead of fast food. His flavor...Oh my God. Another pull. His blood was laced with dark spice. And power. I knew instantly that he was more powerful than Dominic had been. It was there in the spark of his blood but, through the haze, I realized I hadn't done anything to make it comfortable for him.

I paused in drinking - doing so was really freaking hard - and pushed my Vampire power, shoving emotion through his blood but, like a bad habit, not even recognizing what I was pushing on him.

Even as I began pulling again, drinking his scrumptious blood, he groaned low, his hands slamming on my hips, and his voice was deep as he whispered, "Something else." Instinctively, I sent another wave, and his grip tightened. "Sweetheart, try to think of something else."

Moaning, my mind clouded with his taste, I couldn't understand why he wanted me to think of anything else but his blood, so I sent another wave more forcefully, trying to get him to stop moving.

"Jesus H.," he groaned, his Vampire riding his tone as his fingers dug into my hips.

It was what "popped" up under me that made reality sluggishly set in.

Ezra.

Best friend.

Not...

Shit.

I pulled again, and sent a wave of serenity. Peace. Not pleasure, like I had been.

He panted, mumbling, "Better. Much better." His body started relaxing under me, and his arms wrapped around me lightly. "Try to focus on what that feels like. Send it again. Harder. Remember it. Make it natural."

I took a slow pull, focusing as much as I could, trying to do as ordered. It wasn't as easy as I thought it would be switching emotions. After more focus, I ultimately got it.

He whispered, "Good." Completely peaceful.

Listening to his heart, I pulled back fifteen seconds later, gently swiping my tongue over the wound. Watched it instantly disappear. If I needed any further indication he was more powerful than Dominic had been, it was right there with his healed skin. Dominic had been a really fast healer, but that was just insane.

I leaned back enough to look him in the eyes. His lids were drooping, but from below them I could see his spring green orbs traveling over my face. He appeared all kinds of relaxed, with his lips slightly lifted at one corner. Reflexively, I listened to his heart, double-checking I hadn't taken too much. It was strong and steady, barely slower than normal. He was good. Tired, but good.

"There you are." He lifted a lazy hand, running the hot pads of his fingers over my cheek slowly, sloppily, before his hand flopped on the bed. "It makes sense now." His eyes closed, and he went slack. Asleep.

What the hell did he mean by that?

"He's not dead, is he?" Jack asked quickly, sounding half-serious.

"No," I whispered, taking Jack's hand and pressing his fingers to Ezra's throat, to his steady pulse. "Just sleeping. Give him a minute."

"What happened there at the beginning?" Pearl asked.

I climbed off his sleeping form, flipping my hair out of my face to see, and told them honestly, "It was hard not to send the same vibes I always sent Dominic. It took a second for me to break the bloodlust's hold, and send him peaceful thoughts..." I trailed off when I saw the looks they wore. Their expressions were of shock, and I quickly sputtered, "I think I got the hang of it there at the end. I won't send you guys-"

"No, that's not what all this," Pearl interrupted, shaking her head and waving a hand in front of her stunned face, "is about." She paused, cocking her head. "My God! I can't believe the difference drinking from someone live does!" She pointed to my bathroom. "Go look at yourself. You look like..."

"How she did when Dominic was alive," Jack finished, staring in fascination.

Racing to the bathroom, I gawked at myself in the mirror. I hadn't looked like a zombie before, but in comparison to now, I probably had. My cheeks were currently flushed. My blue eyes sparkled. My lips were red instead of pink. I just flat out looked healthier. "Wow."

Jack had followed me, and nodded. "Yeah. Wow."

Instantly, I pulled out my toothbrush as I stared at myself, mechanically going through the process of brushing my teeth, and mumbled around a mouthful of toothpaste, "I even feel warmer. It's actually kind of hot in here." I hadn't realized the difference it made drinking from the source. After Dominic had died most things had become dull, so I hadn't noticed the physical effects his death had taken on my body.

Jack pointed to me, his brown eyes big. "That explains why you were always so cold!"

I pointed back to him with my toothbrush, grinning bubbles. "I bet you're right." All of this made sense for what Ezra meant as he had stared at me before falling asleep. He had understood because he lived the life of a Vampire. I, on the other hand, only knew the basics.

I spat and wiped my mouth, heading back out to my bedroom.

Pearl was covering Ezra with a blanket. "Can you wake him up? We need to finish this conversation." She shook his shoulder. His eyes stayed closed. "He's seriously out."

My eyebrows came together at his lethargy...and I suddenly remembered he hadn't had a lot of blood today. Plus, he had skipped his blood yesterday. "Fuck." I went to his side, instantly biting my wrist and placing it against his mouth. His heartbeat was slower, still in the range of normal, but his blood sugar had to be too low for this sort of reaction to happen.

"I didn't think about his lack of blood the past two days." He still didn't drink, and my wrist healed. I bit it again, squeezed. More blood came out this time, and he stirred, but only slightly. "Come on, Ezra. Just bite." Not a whole lot of response, so I bit my healed wrist again, repeated squeezing it.

His breath caught.

Unexpectedly, he lifted in a blur.

Not even a blink later, I had a pair of fangs slicing into my neck.

First time for everything, I suppose.

Now on his lap, wrapped in his arms, I grunted because he wasn't being gentle. It hurt like no other, and I had to stop myself from trying to pull away. I knew he wasn't with it right now, thanks to me being a dumbass.

A guttural groan came from deep within his chest as he opened his mouth wide, taking a vicious pull. I sucked in a harsh breath, and remained still. If I moved right now, I would probably end up with my throat sliced open, which he further proved by crushing me against his chest with his next pull.

Jack muttered, "This looks more brutal than today's drinking. Should we stop it?"

"You try to stop it right now, and he will lose it," I rasped as he took another pull.

"Is he hurting you?" Pearl asked quietly.

"I'm fine," I panted. A blatant lie, but if they interrupted, it was sayonara, Lily.

His mouth felt like flames as he took another healthy gulp but, just as suddenly as he had struck, he froze. There was a moment of complete stillness. His fingers spread wide on my back, and a push of power infiltrated my suffering.

I only felt soft, feather-like caresses brushing all over me. It felt like a massage from angels. My entire body and mind went limp. The next thing I remembered was a pair of spring green eyes staring down at me, and I blinked, bringing them into focus.

Ezra whispered, "Now I know why you were so freaked about my fangs the first day we met. Your taste is," he cleared his throat, "unique. I would have known if I had tasted you before." Another clearing of his throat before he asked softly, "Are you alright?"

I nodded. I felt a little dizzy, but I wasn't hurt.

"You did the right thing not trying to get away," he stated very slowly. "I didn't think about my not drinking and the effects it would have." His wide lips thinned. "I'm sorry."

I shrugged and realized I was still wrapped in his arms, my eyes darting away to see Jack and Pearl standing with their arms crossed, glaring at him.

Pearl pointed a sharp finger at him, ordering, "She doesn't drink off you if you're not properly drinking yourself."

Jack nodded. "I agree. That was scary shit."

Ezra's cheeks flushed - an actual blush - more than they were already from drinking, but he held their gazes. "It won't happen again."

I patted his shoulder, and he slowly helped me sit up. Just so I could fall on my side when he let go. I grunted. "Ow."

"We've obviously got a few issues to work through with the drinking," Jack muttered as Ezra helped me back up. "That's not our biggest issue right now though."

I nodded, mumbling, "The Awakenings." I snuggled against Ezra's warm strength, since he wasn't letting me go this time. "Antonio seems to think I'll be able to do it, from what he's read." At their shocked expressions, I stated, "Of course, he knows I'm a hybrid. He helped me through my first Awakening." My brows rose. "Why do you think you can't feel my Vampire power at all?"

I waved a wobbly hand, getting to the other point of their shock. "Anyway, he's been doing research on hybrids. Found multiple ancient journals saying a hybrid can be used as a vessel during an Awakening. I've got one of them over there in the top drawer of my dresser." I had taken the book out of the glove box of the Hummer and hidden it. "Take a look."

Jack practically raced across my bedroom and yanked open the top drawer, only to stop utterly. "It's your pantie drawer."

"Yeah, no one would look there."

He snickered, pulling out a pair of - oh, perfect - my blue panties decorated with tiny, yellow ducks.

I grumbled, "Don't hate. They're cute."

He chuckled further, tossing them back. "If you're five, maybe." He paused, and held up a green pair with grinning alligators. "Alright...maybe, seven."

Wiggling a pointed finger at him, I grumbled, "Would your mate appreciate you going through my underclothes?"

Instantly, he dropped my underwear in the drawer and began digging for the book.

I chuckled. He had a weak point now.

"Do you think Elder Farrar's right?" Ezra asked, placing his chin on top of my head. "If he is, that's big news."

"I don't know," I stated honestly. "I think if he had tangible, unquestionable proof, he would have said so to stop the killings." I shrugged, and hated saying the next part, but did. "I may be the proof he's waiting to use."

"You don't believe that," Pearl said, bringing me a glass of water from the bathroom. Juice was better, but it wasn't handy. "He helped raise you. I know he loves you."

I nodded, telling Jack what page and paragraph to read when he found it, then confessed the truth to them. About how Antonio and my mom had put me in Com schools to hide me and about Dominic and me having empathy as our second unheard of mate gift. Then I dropped the big one on them, saying, "King Venclaire's my biological dad."

Absolute stillness.

Pearl closed her mouth, clearing her throat. "Does he know?"

I shook my head. "No."

"She's got his eyes," Ezra murmured.

"And hair," Jack mumbled, holding the journal carefully. "Minus the black."

Pearl bent toward me, her mien fascinated as she viewed me. "I can't believe I didn't notice the resemblance before."

I shrugged, chugging the water with a steadier hand. "You never would have thought to look his way."

Jack blinked and then went back to reading the passage. After a moment he said, "If this isn't true, we're in big trouble. Not only do they want us to be a part of the Awakenings after graduation, but we have the four trial Awakenings beforehand."

I nodded. "I know, but if Antonio thinks it's possible, I have to try, for all the babies that die from that Law."

"What were you planning to do if it didn't work?" Ezra asked, taking my empty glass from me and placing it on my nightstand. "Run for the rest of your life?" He gently helped me to sit on my own, making sure I was steady this time.

I nodded sheepishly, pointing down. "I've got a suitcase packed under the bed. It's always ready. Just in case."

All three scowled.

I didn't blame them. I would have cut and run, leaving them without a second's hesitation. If the situation was reversed, I would be upset too. "It's what Antonio and my mom trained me to do. I've lived in constant fear my entire life. Try to," I licked my suddenly dry lips, troubled I had upset my friends, "look at it from my point of view." I paused, and added, "I'm sorry."

Their faces softened incrementally, and they nodded one at a time.

Ezra murmured, "We'll still have to come up with a plan to get her out if the trial Awakenings don't work."

"I don't..." Jack cleared his throat. "I don't want her to run." His eyes met mine as he stuck his hands in his pockets. "I'd miss you too much."

Ezra grunted. "That wasn't what I said. I said we'll have to come up with a plan to get her out. Not for her to run away from us."

Pearl nodded firmly. "We'll figure it out."

I smiled, feeling a sense of bravery I had never felt before, knowing they were behind me. "I don't want to run from you guys."

Pearl said simply, "You won't."

Chapter Fourteen

Wiping sweat from my brow, I glowered at Felix. I had no clue where Ezra was right now, and apparently neither did Mr. Bertrand, so he had paired me with Felix. It was almost the end of class, thank God and, to my surprise, I wasn't doing too badly. If you didn't count the twenty or so times I had hit the mat.

But who's counting, right?

"Your butt has hit the ground twenty-eight times," Felix muttered, staring at said butt. Of course, he would count. "I can think of better uses for it."

This was the first real time we had spoken since I had found out about his "elite" position. We hadn't even spoken for the last hour. I still didn't want to speak with him. "Don't talk to me unless you need to."

He slammed me against the mat and, as I tried to catch my breath, he lay over me, feeling all warm and big and very much male, reminding me why I had taken him as a regular lover in the first place. He grinned slowly. "I don't need to talk to use my mouth, so I think I can follow that order." He leaned down, his lips a breath away from mine as he whispered, "I'm only going to say this once. I did not have sex with you for my job. Not once." His eyes lowered to my lips, and stayed there. Truth to all.

"Hey!" Pearl whispered sharply, unexpectedly at our sides. Her face was at our level on the mat. Except, that was all there was of her. A head. Sort of. It was almost transparent, like an apparition.

Felix jerked.

Even I had to hold back a scream. I had no clue she could do that!

Her see-through, golden eyes darted to Felix on top of me, narrowed. "Why is he lying on you? I thought..." The floating head shook, eyes back on mine. "Never mind. We've got more important matters to handle. Meet me outside the girls' locker room. Jack's already here with me." She turned her gaze back to Felix. Glared. "That means get off her, ass**le."

He growled, his panther voicing its annoyance. "She doesn't answer to you."

"No, she doesn't." Her eyes rolled before they met mine. "It's Ezra. Come on."

I nodded. "Coming." The floating head disappeared. I slapped Felix's shoulder. "Off. Now." It was a command.

Again, his panther growled low hearing my tone but, nevertheless, he lifted off me. He had never defied me, which I was grateful for, but he was strong enough to cause problems if that was his intent. He grabbed my hand as I got to my feet, saying softly, "Seriously, Lily. Think about us. You have the wrong idea and we both want the same thing."

I bit my lip, considering it, and eventually said, "I'll think about it." It had been really nice between us, and if he was telling the truth, then there wouldn't be any reason for us not to be bed partners.

He grinned before I turned and walked away. I could feel his eyes. I glanced back, and yep, his heated gaze was on my butt. He hadn't known I was going to look back, which proved that he thought me attractive. That was definitely a plus for him.

Slinging my book bag over my arm, I raced out of the locker room to where Jack and Pearl stood. They didn't say anything, but Pearl put her cell away, which she'd had to her ear, and they turned and started running, so I followed. It had been three full months since Jack had found his sweet mate and, coincidentally, since I had told them about my hybrid nature. The time had flown by. Luckily, the Kings had stopped the babysitting gig a month ago for our study's sake - our finals had been this week - and we had pretty much been together non-stop as, fortunately, our continual "grounding" didn't restrict us from being with each other at the Kings' houses.

We raced clear to the administrative building before we stopped, and Jack immediately filled me in. "Ezra's in trouble. Big trouble. We aren't sure why, but one of my classmates was gossiping about how they heard Mrs. Jonas yelling at him through her office door. Expulsion and jail time were mentioned."

Pearl nodded, fixing her windblown hair. "Gideon just called and said he saw King Kincaid and King Venclaire's cars stop in the parking lot from his classroom window."

I took a steadying breath. This wasn't good, whatever it was, if jail time was being threatened to a Prodigy. Pearl and Jack didn't know anything else, so there was nothing really to ask, and we stalked into the receptionist's area, giving the look to said receptionist, who shut her mouth real fast but, as soon as we were past her, we saw her get on the phone.

We picked up the pace.

The door to Mrs. Jonas's office was locked, and we could definitely hear her yelling inside, so I - oopsy - vandalized school property by turning the knob and pushing so violently it broke the lock. And some of the doorframe. Everyone in the room turned to look at us as we continued to stalk inside.

Mrs. Jonas was there, red-faced. A Shifter named Rebecca was there. A Vampire named Viper - yeah, she thought she was hot stuff - was there. Ezra stood against a row of bookcases wearing a pair of silver-laced handcuffs on his wrists and his ankles, barely visible beneath his jeans.

We stopped dead in our tracks seeing that.

Spring green eyes on us, he showed no emotion, but those handcuffs had to hurt.

My wolf growled quietly.

Pearl's skin started to glow.

"Why is he cuffed?" Jack asked, his voice very quiet. Not really a good sign.

King Kincaid and King Venclaire stormed into the room, almost slamming into us since we had stopped right inside the doorway, but managed to swing around us.

King Venclaire immediately went to Ezra, cupping his face, his blue eyes glowing as he stared at my silent best friend, then his Vampire growled as he swung around, appearing ready to rip Mrs. Jonas's throat out.

I wouldn't have stopped him, but King Kincaid stepped in front of my biological dad, asking what Jack had only a minute before, "Why is he cuffed?"

"They need to leave." Mrs. Jonas jerked her head at us. "This is none of their affair."

"The hell it's not," I said with a definite bite to my tone, thinking quick. "We know you're threatening expulsion. If that happens, our vessel training will be shot to hell. Come Awakening time, not only will we, and the Kings, be embarrassed if we can't pull it off, the school will also be for its mediocre training." A direct hit. "We're staying to see our fate." And get Ezra the hell out of this.

Mrs. Jonas's face had blanked and I knew I had her, so I slammed the door shut and twisted the knob so hard it made the wood groan as I embedded it back together. I smiled, halfway enjoying her face paling at my show of strength.

King Kincaid gave me a covert glance, but spoke to Mrs. Jonas, "They're staying. Now, what is the issue that caused you to silver him?"

King Venclaire's Vampire hadn't stopped its quiet, menacing growl, which would scare just about anyone.

It didn't appear Mrs. Jonas was any different. She tried for posturing, but failed miserably as the sweat beaded on her forehead. Her voice croaked until she cleared it, saying, "Mr. Zeller was caught drinking illegally."

My friends and I didn't even bother glancing at Ezra. The charge was serious. It was expulsion worthy, not to mention that it would include jail time, but we didn't believe it. He had so many donors more than willing at King Hall that the charge was ludicrous. Nevertheless, even if he had done it, we wouldn't give a flying monkey's ass.

King Venclaire appeared cross-eyed for a moment, the charge was so stupid.

King Kincaid had to clear his throat, covering a chuckle.

Everyone in the room knew it was bogus. So, why didn't Mrs. Jonas?

Into the silence, Pearl asked, "Why do you believe this?"

Mrs. Jonas sputtered, "He was drinking from Rebecca and Viper at the same time, working back and forth between their necks. A witness came upon the act, and said that after Mr. Zeller was through with his mind hold, Rebecca started screaming for help." She paused. "Viper says she, herself, was willing, but doesn't remember," she scowled at Viper, "what happened because she was too light-headed afterward."

My lips thinned.

I wasn't stupid enough to not understand this, nor had I missed the covert glances Ezra had been aiming at my throat for the past two weeks. The one, and only, time he had drank off me he had called my blood unique. Ezra never drank off Shifters if he could help it, always Vampires, but what did mixing a Shifter and Vampire's blood make? Me. He hadn't wanted to ask me for some reason, and had gone and bit a damn Shifter who was all about appearances.

My wolf growling low, I stalked forward, peering at King Kincaid. "Mind if I handle this?" With him here, he had precedence, but I wanted to show Rebecca what she had to look forward to if she lied again under my rule.

King Kincaid placed his hands in the pockets of his dress slacks, rocking back on his heels. "Go right ahead. I'd like to see how you would handle this."

I muttered, "A simple tactic really, for what she's accusing a future King of." I stood directly in front of her, glaring down to her eyes where she sat. "Get up."

She was a wolf Shifter. Strong. It ticked me off even more that Ezra had picked her. Hell, her hair was even auburn. Glaring, her wolf growled, but she stood, towering over me.

Focusing, I let her have it, my power hitting her brutally. Probably, too violently, really. I didn't hold much back, I was so furious.

She choked, immediately falling to the ground at my feet. Hard.

The room's occupants jerked and then stilled, feeling the aftershocks.

Quickly tamping my power down to a simmer, I squatted. I knew my eyes were glowing fierce blue as I lay my hand on her auburn head of hair. When I spoke, my wolf vibrated through my voice, demanding quietly, "The truth." None too gently, I thrust the command directly into my palm on her head, and she jerked. "Now."

Instantly, she started rambling, "I consented. I lied to Mrs. Jonas. I saw my friends coming and didn't want them to know." Truth.

Debating my choices, it wasn't too hard to pick.

I slammed her face against the ground.

Shifters are different than any of the other Mys groups in our forms of punishment since we're animalistic in nature. I could have turned the charges around on her and sent her lying butt to prison, which would do me no good since I wanted her to tell the tale of how powerful I was, a little fear never hurting anyone. Or, I had the option to physically punish her, which relieved a bit of my tension. Only a bit.

The force of the blow busted her nose and her lying mouth. Decent trade, I thought.

Ignoring how Mrs. Jonas and Viper jumped at the crunch of bone, I grabbed a handful of auburn hair and yanked her face up, letting the violence of my power cut off, but kept my eyes glowing as I growled in her bloody face, "You lie to harm a King or Queen again, or our Mys community as a whole, and I'll personally rip out your throat. Do you understand me?"

That, I was allowed to do, too. I would do it if she tried to harm my friends again. The death penalty was an option as a punishment for lying to damage a King or a Queen. She was really getting off easy, but she was still young, and I really wanted her out there shaking in fear as she spoke of me. Plus, the fact that I had offered her kindness. She was still breathing, after all, and not behind bars.

She whimpered, and nodded as much as she could with the grip I had on her hair.

I dropped her head in disgust, standing and wiping my hands off. She really was a sniveling, materialistic idiot who would probably only cause more problems. Maybe I should just put her behind bars for the Shifters' sake. I cocked my head, rolling my shoulders, but after a few seconds of thought, I realized even if I wanted to, I couldn't, since I had already given my ruling.

"Shit," I muttered. Live and learn, I guess. I seriously hoped I didn't regret letting her walk out of here free and clear. "I'm done."

Everyone was left blinking, except for King Kincaid. He had seen me use my powers before, since he felt I needed to learn to control them, making me practice on any boarders who volunteered to help with my training. None of my friends had seen me use it, much less felt it, like they had today.

They probably didn't even expect me to know what the hell I was doing, since they never saw the meetings in the study that King Kincaid would drag me into when I wasn't studying. I knew the Law; it was a reading I actually didn't mind. Hell, King Kincaid had even tasked me with deciding a few of the Shifters' fates before. This wasn't new to me, but it was new to them, seeing this side of me.

King Kincaid said, "I agree with the punishment." He wasn't going to rebuke me in front of everyone. Or even later. I could tell by his eyes he did agree, even if I hadn't scented his truth.

King Venclaire recovered the fastest from his only slightly stunned expression, turning to face Mrs. Jonas. "Get the cuffs off him now."

Mrs. Jonas nodded, but she still stood motionless, her eyes darting from me to the bleeding Shifter who was still sniveling at my feet.

I figured she would get moving faster if I moved, so I stepped over the bloody mess on the floor, and went to stand by Jack and Pearl, both of them not glancing in my direction, but were fairly bouncing where they stood.

We watched Mrs. Jonas release Ezra, and he sucked in a sharp breath as the cuffs came off. I had never been silvered before, but I had heard the horror stories. It was like the cuffs sapped your strength and burned you all at once. He flexed and rotated his wrists and squatted once, working out his ankles, then stalked over to Viper, completely ignoring Mrs. Jonas who had been in the process of apologizing.

He bent over her where she sat, his hands on the arms of the plush chair, and his eyes flashed so deeply they were like lasers aimed straight into hers. She stilled instantly, and he asked, "Were you incoherent after the drinking or did you lie to Mrs. Jonas?"

"I lied," she murmured, her voice monotone, sounding like a robot.

"Why?"

"You've ignored me since our last time together, and when you wanted to drink from me again, you brought a Shifter in with us," she replied, tone the same. "It pissed me off."

"Hmm," Ezra hummed low as his eyes stopped glowing. "I believe you need an introduction to just how pissed off I am you lied, an illegal action." He paused, watching her come back to herself, her expression instantly of fright. "I can make it pleasant, as you know, but I can also make it," a quiet, deadly purr, "not so pleasant."

He struck, his sentence on a Vampire charged with lying. Their rules were the same with sending her to prison if he wanted, but he chose an old form of Vampire justice.

Her feet didn't touch the ground as she was held in Ezra's arms, his fangs in her throat, screaming.

God, I had never heard anyone screech quite like that before. Not even the Com men who died on the beach shrieked in such terror. He wasn't pulling hard, more like gently suckling to make it last longer, not trying to drain her, and honestly, I didn't know how he did it with her mouth so close to his ear.

Temptation called, inviting me to cover my ears, but I didn't. I held out, like Jack and Pearl did. Christ, did we hold out. This went on for at least ten minutes.

When he finally released her, dumping her on top of the shivering and crying Shifter, he grabbed the handcuffs from Mrs. Jonas and bent over her, slapping them on her wrists and ankles.

Oh yes, he was most definitely pissed.

She started shaking as soon as they were on, and her eyes flew open, tears rolling down her cheeks.

Ezra jerked her chin toward him, stating harshly, "I'll drain you next time you're so senseless." He stood, and faced the visibly shaken Mrs. Jonas. "Keep her in those for as long as you had me in them."

She looked at King Venclaire, her question silent.

He murmured calmly, "Agreed."

She nodded, staring down at the two liars, then back to Ezra, apologizing again.

Ezra muttered, "I'm out of here." He slung his backpack over his shoulder, stepping over the guilty, and headed our way.

"You won't leave school property, Ezra," King Venclaire stated steadily.

Ezra nodded, waving a hand above his head, but to us, he muttered, "How fast can we make it to the Hummer from here?"

After going through the drive-thru of Ezra's favorite pick, we sat in the park in Choep at a picnic table under the shade of trees while monsters - AKA toddlers - played on the playground watched over by a parent, our guards all around us, but far enough away to give us privacy and not scare the Coms too bad.

Jack bit into his chicken sandwich, saying around the mouthful, "Lily, that was freaking impressive power."

I shrugged, fiddling with the lid of my milkshake. "We've all got our Ruler's power. You just hadn't seen me use mine yet." I was still mad as hell, and had barely refrained so far from throwing my shake in Ezra's face. Instead, I finally settled on picking up a fry and leaning over the table, pointing it at Ezra, hissing, "Why?" I didn't say anything else. He had hurt my feelings. I didn't know why he hadn't asked, and it offended me.

Pearl and Jack paused in their munching, glancing back and forth between us.

"Caught that, did you?" Ezra lowered his half-eaten burger, his eyes on mine.

"Caught what?" Pearl asked, quickly swallowing her mouthful of onion rings.

I jabbed my fry at Ezra. "He was drinking off them that way because he wants..." I pointed at myself with the fry, scowling into spring green eyes. "You didn't answer my question."

Unhurriedly, he wiped his mouth with his napkin, and then placed his arms on the table, leaning over to be nose-to-nose with me. "Because you taste good."

"And?" I asked, exasperated, my hurt feelings overpowering my anger. "Why the hell didn't you just ask me instead of drinking off idiots like Rebecca and Viper?"

He took a deep breath. Blinked for a few ticks. "I hurt your feelings?"

I pinched his nose. Stupid thing. Keeping a good grip on it, I said, "Well, yes. Why wouldn't you ask your best friend if that's what you wanted in the first place, instead of trying to find a replacement?"

He swatted my hand away, wiggling his straight nose in agitation. "Because you are one of my best friends. It would be counterproductive for what we're doing with," he mouthed, "you."

I blinked, realizing he was, in a sense, putting me first. If I drank from one of the three of them, then he drank from me, it would be counterproductive, like I had figured out that first time. I'd had to resort to bagged blood that night because I had been so low after he drank from me. I muttered, "I don't exactly like it, but I don't mind going," I mouthed, "bagged," then, spoke normally, "if you wanted to every once in a while."

We knew I needed to be strong, and going bagged every day wouldn't cut it for me, or for them, since they also liked me strong - like any real friend would - so Ezra couldn't drink from me every day, but if he wanted a treat every once in a while, I could deal with it.

His lips thinned. "That stuff's disgusting. It wouldn't be fair."

It was disgusting, but I had lived off it the majority of my life since my first Awakening. "I really don't mind. Life's not always fair." Again, I pointed with my fry at his nose, which was still close, whispering softly, "Seriously, if you're going around picking donors like you did today to try to get the same taste, I would prefer it this way. You can't be put in jail, Ezra. If it means that much to you, I'm willing."

"Let her do it," Jack said, beginning to eat his food again, now that he understood the tension. "Like she said, it won't hurt her to have the other stuff every once in a while."

"Yes, and I agree with her," Pearl muttered, tossing an onion ring at Ezra's face. "Those picks were stupid. You should have just gone for the real deal instead of imitation."

Sitting back, I kept my gaze on Ezra. "It won't hurt me. It's not really selfish because I don't mind it too much." It wasn't pleasant, but it was doable. If he had something I really wanted, I would ask if I thought he wouldn't mind too much. There's give-and-take in any friendship.

He grunted, his nostrils flaring, and, finally, he nodded. "Alright." His gaze lingered on my throat. "Thank you."

"Just quit looking at me like I'm a juicy steak," I amended. His gaze flew up, and I chuckled. "When we leave here, I'll give you what you want."

"Nikki said that to me last night," Jack murmured absently. He was always saying stuff like that now. The man had a serious case of Nikki-on-the-brain...or other parts.

"I'm sure she wasn't talking about nutrition," Pearl chuckled, going along with it.

He grinned cockily. "No. Not at all." His smile softened, and he looked like the man in love he had become. It was sweet, but also an odd look for him. He worked it, though. "She thinks she has me wrapped around her little pinky. It's adorable."

I choked on my food.

Ezra muttered, "She does, man." When Jack scowled, Ezra clarified, "She made you watch cycling competition reruns all Saturday night instead of coming over to Lily's for movie night with us. And, she was even invited."

Pearl snickered. "She had you babysit her two younger brat brothers when she went shopping with her mom."

"Also," I added, "she bought you that god-awful peach shirt you hate, which you wear. For her." I glanced down. "That shirt, to be exact." Damn, that thing was hideous.

Ezra lifted his little finger. "Oh yes, my friend. She's got you wrapped and," his finger bent sharply, "hooked."

Pearl patted Jack's hand when he sat blinking. "It's alright. You'll get used to it. She's the same with you. I can't believe some of the things she does..." She stopped talking when he shook his head.

"Sorry, I wasn't freaking out about that. She wants," he tapped his head, "us to bring her back something to eat at school. Lunch was barf worthy today, so she didn't eat."

I snickered as he quickly started cleaning his mess. He was interesting being in love.

Ezra expounded, "We can drop it off, but I'm not going back today."

Jack nodded. "I didn't think so. I told her we'd bring it, but I was leaving afterward."

"Good," Pearl murmured, but she was looking at me with eyebrows raised. "So, you think you might explain the situation that led to Felix lying on top of you today?"

Jack and Ezra, at the same time, asked harshly, "What?"

"Um, yeah..." I shot Pearl a dirty glance. Of course she would blab. Nothing ever stayed a secret between any of us for long. "He was my hand-to-hand partner today, since Ezra wasn't available." A quick scowl at him. "He wants to hook up again. He said he never slept with me because of his job." I munched on a fry. "He spoke truth."

"Bad idea," Jack muttered, shaking his head. "Do not sleep with him again. These people are supposed to be our elite guard. Having a relationship - any relationship - with them could complicate things. They're there for one reason, and one reason only. To guard us."

"There are plenty of other guys for you to pick from," Ezra murmured. "After today, I wouldn't touch anyone if I only thought they were being honest." He grimaced. "Those cuffs were atrocious."

Sighing, I rested my elbows against the table, getting what they said, but argued, "It's hard enough to find someone that will even look me straight in the eyes, much less half of what Felix does." I grinned, biting into my last fry. "Very well, I might add."

They sat back, quiet and thoughtful, knowing it was hard to find someone on equal footing. Not timid with us. Or who acted like we were perfect. Because we weren't. No one likes to be cooed over or have someone jump to do your bidding all the time, even though you barely mentioned it. If you found someone with backbone, it was a rare find indeed. Add in the attraction between Felix and me, and yeah, it wasn't an easy decision.

Ezra's lips pursed. "When I left home after Felicia died, I did an extensive amount of traveling. I met tons of different Mysticals during that time, some of them more reputable than others." He cracked his neck. "There was this one alpha Shifter I met-"

I held up a stopping hand. "I don't do blind booty calls."

He shrugged. "It was just an idea."

"I know. I'll figure it out with Felix."

Pearl ended up buying lunch for Gideon, along with Jack's buy for Nikki, so while they were waiting to hand off their bags-o-goodies, Ezra and I slipped into the back of the Hummer, it still running, music playing unobtrusively over the speakers. The guards were still sitting in their cars, which were parked toward the front of the building, halfway between where I had parked - not my normal spot in the back - and where Jack and Pearl were outside King Hall's front doors. Classes were in session for another fifteen minutes, so I had told Ezra he could drink now if he wanted. His wandering eyes had said it all. He very much wanted, so we were sitting on the backseat.

"How do you want me?" I asked, pulling my hair back into a ponytail.

Ezra considered it, then said, "Lie down on the seat so no one sees us." I nodded, and he moved to the edge so I could lie down flat. The leather was warm under me where Pearl and Jack had been sitting, and Ezra maneuvered over me, hovering there for a moment. "Tell me if I'm too heavy."

I snorted. He was very heavy. A solid mass of muscle, not a scrap of fat on him that I had ever seen, and he had plowed into me countless times in our training, so I knew firsthand how it felt having him on top of me. But, this was different, and he was trying to be polite, so I nodded. "Will do." I hesitated as he gently rested his enormous body on me, and then asked, "What do I taste like?"

He jerked his eyes away from my neck to meet my gaze. "Like wild spice. I've never tasted anything like it. Drinking off a Shifter and a Vampire doesn't even compare to your natural taste." He cocked his head. "I'm surprised you've never sampled your own blood before if you were curious."

I shook my head. "Nope."

His eyes were back on my neck. "I'll try not to take too much."

I shrugged under him. "Take what you want."

He grunted, pretty much telling me he was only going to take a small amount no matter what I said, and I tilted my head to the side and back, giving him free access. His hand slid to the nape of my neck, pulling up so my head fell back even farther. He struck. Long, sharp fangs sliced into my neck, but I didn't flinch. He did it so quickly it didn't hurt at all, especially when, a second later, he groaned, and all I felt were those angel's feathers massaging my body.

I moaned in contentment, his power not so overriding this time but more controlled, since he wasn't fearful of hurting me as he had been before. I was able to lift my hands to his spiky hair, fisting it, holding his mouth to my neck, never having felt anything like the caresses of his mind hold, it utterly beautiful. As the sensations faded, reality returning, I felt his thumb brushing back and forth over my nape, and his warm tongue slowly sliding across my wound, licking away any wayward drops. Blinking my eyes open, I turned my head, and our cheeks brushed as he pulled his head back. I still had my hands in his hair, and he smiled down at me, our noses touching.

His cheeks were slightly flushed from his drinking, and he asked softly, "Was it as good for you as it was for me?"

I chuckled.

Tap, tap.

We froze.

Someone was standing outside the window. Had just knocked on it. Our positions were very, well, not the best with him lying on top of me between my legs. Hell, I had even wrapped a leg around his waist at some point in the drinking and he was gripping one of my hips to keep from tumbling off the bench seat. Just...not good.

Slowly, we peered up.

Well, f**k. That was the only word that described this situation.

"Fuck," Ezra muttered. He agreed, too.

A hand made a rolling motion outside the window.

Ezra hesitated, but released my hip, his other hand too buried under my neck and in my hair. He hit a button on the door, and the window rolled down smoothly.

We both stared out the opened window, undoubtedly looking guilty, even though we weren't. If anyone else had caught us, it probably wouldn't have been a big deal, but it wasn't just anyone. It was possibly the worst two individuals who stared down at us with quiet eyes.

Into the strained hush, King Kincaid murmured, "So," a motion to the King at his side, "King Venclaire and I were just finishing up with Mrs. Jonas when we walked outside and saw Lily's car in the parking lot idling, but no one appeared to be in it." His voice was very quiet. "I thought I would turn it off for her, but you can imagine our surprise when we found it," a short pause, "occupied."

King Venclaire said just as quietly, "Ezra, what exactly is going on in the school parking lot? Because, right now, it doesn't appear favorable."

Ezra cleared his throat, starting to lift off me. Seriously, luck was not on our side at the moment because, as he progressively rose, it showed that the loose buttons on my shirt - my favorite, old shirt - had popped off, baring the swells of my br**sts and my pink bra, adorned with winking camels, in full view. Ezra and I didn't notice until the Kings sucked in a harsh breath, staring down at my chest.

We followed their line of sight, and both of us cursed.

Ezra tried a few times to pull my top together, but it was one of those tight cotton shirts and, with no buttons, my br**sts kept "bursting" back into view. He cursed again, and peered up to the Kings, saying, "It's not what it looks like. I swear."

"The shirt's old," I explained quickly, scrambling with it and holding it closed as we fumbled clumsily over one another to sit properly, which probably made us look more guilty. "The buttons were on their last leg and must have broken off under the strain of Ezra's weight."

Little by little, his voice still quiet, King Kincaid asked, "And what was Ezra doing on top of you in the first place? You weren't exactly pushing him away."

Ezra ran a hand over his face, covertly glancing at me.

I nodded. Just tell them. It wasn't that big a deal.

He cleared his throat and, with innocent, spring green eyes, gazed at the Kings. "I was drinking. We were lying on the backseat for privacy."

Both stared, blinking at us until King Venclaire asked, "You were drinking off Lily?"

Again, it wasn't that big a deal, so I informed them, "You've both seen him drink off Pearl before. Just substitute me for her." I shrugged. No biggie, right?

King Venclaire blinked once more, real slow-like, then cleared his throat, blue eyes on Ezra, and asked, "You were still thirsty after drinking off a Shifter and a Vampire," a glance at his watch, "less than three hours ago?"

King Kincaid's nostrils flared. I knew he was scenting for deception, so I stated bluntly before Ezra lied, "He was silvered earlier." Make your own assumptions from that. It was supposed to take a toll on the body. Therefore, it might make him thirsty. I hoped that angle worked for our sakes, so we didn't have to say he just enjoyed my flavor and wanted a nip.

"Hmm." King Venclaire's eyes hooded as they danced back and forth between us.

"Well," King Kincaid adjusted his suit jacket, "that is true."

King Venclaire nodded, but didn't say anything.

"I'm going home. I have business I need to attend to," King Kincaid stated. "Lily, I'll see you there, since you need another shirt." He leaned in through the window and kissed my forehead, whispering against my skin, which was useless because they were Vampires, "Allowing him to drink from you will make you physically weak. Drink some juice when you get home." He paused, and then added against my forehead, "You're lucky it was us who found you." One more peck on my forehead, a slow nod to King Venclaire, and he was marching away to where his car must have been, but I couldn't see it from here.

King Venclaire watched him go and, when King Kincaid was a good distance from us, he turned his attention back to Ezra and me, bending and placing his forearms on the windowsill, hands hanging inside my Hummer, and said quietly, "He's purposefully ignoring a few key factors, giving him plausible deniability. Number one: Pearl was the only one who offered that day, and that's not the case now with a whole school full of willing donors available not a hundred feet away. Number two: You're in Lily's car, instead of inside King Hall. And, not only that, but Lily's car is parked in a different location than it was when we first arrived. Number three and the most important, in my humble opinion: Lily's not dazed or dizzy, and Ezra, you were done when we arrived since your face is flushed, meaning you were not, indeed, thirsty." He folded his hands together, and stared. Waiting.

We sat silent. There was nothing safe to say.

"Well? Have I done the impossible? Rendered the two of you mute?" His mouth opened wide in mock shock when we stayed quiet. "Oh, I do believe I deserve a cookie. I've made the impossible, miraculously, possible. This is assuredly a monumental day. Perhaps hell has frozen over. Or, maybe," he glanced up at the blue sky, "pigs have taken flight." He clapped his hands once, smiling at us. "This would be the perfect occasion to use my new camera phone and take your picture together." His smile widened. "I'd title the photo: Up Shit Creek Without a Paddle." His head cocked, grin gone. "Does that sound about right?"

I swallowed hard. His brand of interrogation was a hell of a lot different than King Kincaid's. Whereas King Kincaid was physically in your face, King Venclaire - my biological dad - was a cunning smartass chock-full of cliches to use when people were that stupid. It was actually a bit more frightening than the frontal assaults I was used to. My hands were clenched on my shirt, and Ezra had silently maneuvered an arm behind me. I think he was ready to chuck me out the other door, so I could make a run for it if needed.

However, our worrying was for nothing because King Venclaire was on the wrong track. His face turned deathly serious, and he stated, "Now, as King I'm not supposed to say this, so I'm not. If you ever claim I had this conversation with either of you, I will deny it, and you'll be named liars." That implication was clear since we had dealt with that subject today. "Right now, I'm speaking with you both as a regular Mys, not a Ruler. Although, almost all Mysticals would, also, never say this to you, but since I'm just that special, I will."

He cleared his throat, and then spoke ever so softly, "If you two are going to partake in sexual acts together," oh my God, "you need to be more circumspect. I mean, really, Ezra. The school parking lot? Even if Lily was Vampire, not Shifter, don't you know better than this? You two are going to be King and Queen to your people, and you know the Mys communities don't...mingle. If this keeps up, for any length of time, you need to keep it private. No one, including your guards, should ever know. It will undermine the way your subjects feel about you, even if it's none of their damn business."

He opened his hands wide. "And this, young Prodigies, is not private or circumspect. You are out in the open with, more than likely, students spying out of their classroom windows, guards watching behind their tinted glass, and anyone walking by."

He stalled, eyebrows together, then pointed with both index fingers, one for each of us. "Also, I feel obligated to remind you that when you have sex, it needs to be protected. I know sometimes having a condom on hand can be forgotten, and in that circumstance, you need to abstain. Our Law is brutal for children born of mixed Mys breeding. I would never want you two to be placed in that situation." He folded his hands together again, and went silent. Done.

Uh.

My brain was numbed dumb as I stared. Neither I, nor Ezra, had moved a centimeter during his - my biological dad's - gross sex talk. I was seriously struck stupid. I didn't know what to say to that, since if we argued that we weren't together, he would go back to the original issue of why we were in the back of my Hummer when there were a crap load of donors inside the school. We weren't going anywhere near that one.

"I really should take a picture of this," King Venclaire mumbled under his breath, glancing back and forth between us. Then, he really went overboard, appearing thoughtful as he asked, "Are there any questions you two have about sex between Mys factions? There are many differences between Shifters and Vampires."

My cheeks flamed. My mind wasn't cooperating with my mouth, so I just shook my head. Same as Ezra. That was, in some measure, a response, and I prayed it was enough to shut him up. This man was still my biological dad, even if he didn't know it. Sex was not something I ever would have discussed with my mom, much less a dad that didn't know I existed.

"Well, then," King Venclaire murmured, clapping his hands in finality. "I think I'm done speaking for myself and King Kincaid." He paused, pointing a thumb over his shoulder. "That was what that little look was about. He's no fool, but since I'm somewhat more open, he elected me to have this conversation with the two of you." A push away from the door and he stood straight, placing his hands in his pockets. "If you two ever do need to talk, my door is always open."

He turned, starting to walk away, but glanced over his shoulder, saying, "That silvering excuse was good, Lily. It might have worked - to some extent - if King Kincaid and I had never worn them before and known the effects they have." His gaze swung to Ezra, eyebrows lowering. "Get to class." Then his long legs were eating up the asphalt to wherever his car was.

Staring after him, I just blinked. I was pretty sure Ezra did too, since he hadn't moved a muscle. I wasn't even sure he breathed for a little while. So, that's what we did. Stared. Stunned senseless and mute.

Not sure how long we sat like that, I barely noticed when Jack and Pearl got back in my Hummer, Pearl thrilled to be in the driver's seat and Jack already fiddling with the radio. They didn't even look back at us until we were out of the gates, jabbering away with each other about the party tonight. When Jack did glance back, saying something to us, his voice trailed off, and he blinked - much like us - and asked, "What's wrong?" His brown eyes skimmed over where my fists were white knuckled on my top, and his eyebrows rose. "Lily, why's your shirt ruined?"

"What?" Pearl asked, her head darting back to us, then forward to the road. "What's going on?"

I tried to speak, but it came out a mumble so, after clearing my throat, I tried again, and managed to say with a hoarse throat, "King Kincaid and King Venclaire paid us a visit." I licked my dry lips. "They came right after Ezra was done drinking. We were lying on the backseat so no one would see us." My mouth flapped for a few seconds, but I eventually succeeded in continuing. "It didn't look good to begin with, and my shirt's buttons popped off sometime during the drinking, since it's old, so when Ezra lifted off me, it looked like we'd been..." No need to finish that. They got the point.

Pearl yanked the Hummer to the curb, both her and Jack looking freaked, and she asked, "Are they separating you two?"

Ezra shook his head slowly. "No. King Kincaid left after we gave some bogus excuses for the drinking. He left King Venclaire to..." He trailed off, his voice just as rough and quiet as mine, all of us vigilant of any Vampires nearby.

"What? What did King Venclaire do?" Jack asked, eyes darting between our faces.

"Did he hurt you?" Pearl hissed.

We shook our heads. No, there hadn't been any physical pain. Only mental anguish, but that wasn't what she meant.

"Well, then what?" Jack asked, throwing his hands up and accidently knocking Pearl in the head. Reflexively, she reached over and thumped him back. Both pairs of eyes glued on us.

I cleared my throat. "They didn't buy our story." I paused, then choked out, "King Venclaire gave us a sex talk."

Ezra added, whispering, "Told us to keep it private."

"And circumspect," I mumbled.

"He mentioned condoms."

I nodded stupidly. "Said we needed to use condoms."

"Asked us if we had any questions about Shifter/Vampire sex."

"His door's always open..."

Jack and Pearl gawked, jaws hanging wide.

"Oh my God," Pearl murmured. Hiccupped. Swallowed hard. Another hiccup. A choked gurgle and then, she busted up, laughing.

Jack wasn't too far behind her, his lips twitching fiercely, and he finally gave in, bellowing with a deep belly laugh. He pointed to us, laughing it up with Pearl. "And they couldn't tell him they aren't having sex," a loud roar of laughter, but words still soft, "because he would have gone back to their original bogus answers."

Pearl nodded, wiping a tear from her eye. "Oh, that's precious." Her whole body was shaking with her hilarity.

"It's not funny," Ezra grumbled, cracking his neck and digging his arm out from behind me. "It was horrible. We had to sit there and take it."

"I think I'm that much more stupid for having listened to it," I groaned while Ezra rubbed his temples. "Both Kings think Ezra and I are getting our freak on."

Jack slapped his knee, bending over, choking on silent laughter. It had progressed to the point he was having trouble breathing.

"Maybe I'll bring someone home tonight after the party," Ezra mumbled to himself, "Make sure King Venclaire sees her."

I nodded, thinking that was a good plan, and wondered who I could bring home myself, but Jack and Pearl found that even funnier.

Pearl sputtered, "That's never," she snorted, laughter bubbling over, "gonna work." More tears wiped away. "If they think you're together, they'll see that tactic for what it is."

"You're lucky it was them that found you like that," Jack sucked in a large breath, trying to get control of himself. "If it had been my King, or Pearl's, you two would already be on planes flying in opposite directions."

I crossed my arms in agitation. "If that won't work, what do you two propose we do?"

Ezra leaned over the back of the seat, and then flopped back down, throwing on my lap a spare sweatshirt I had stored in here. "Cover those up. They're what got us in trouble in the first place."

Pearl and Jack hooted.

I glanced down to where Ezra was glaring. Crossing my arms had opened my shirt again and pushed my boobs up to full view. Bra, cle**age, and all. I sighed and ripped my shirt the rest of the way off since it was a goner anyway, and Ezra tossed it into the back with vigor. Once my sweatshirt was on, I asked again, "What should we do?"

Pearl and Jack were calming themselves, and Jack shrugged, panting a little, saying, "Just give it time. You don't want them coming back to the truth, so let them think what they want, and once they figure out on their own it's not true, hopefully they'll have forgotten your reasons for being in the Hummer in the first place."

Pearl nodded.

Sluggishly, Ezra and I agreed.

Jack added hesitantly, "This situation reminds me that I need to speak with you guys about something." He rubbed his chin. "I think we need to discuss how much we touch each other in public." We stared, and he simplified, "Nikki's still new at school. They talk around her more, not realizing who they're next to. She hears things."

Forehead wrinkling, Pearl asked, "What things?"

Jack sucked in a breath. "Most of the students think it's odd how much we touch each other. A few words Nikki overhears regularly are weird, twisted, and unnatural."

We sat in silence, letting that sink in.

"It's not any of those things," Pearl whispered, clearing her throat. "We aren't like everyone else. We're," her hand flittered as she thought, "on a different level. We need each other because we understand what the other's going through."

Ezra nodded slowly. "Yes, but our subjects believe they own us. Which they do. They wouldn't understand our reasoning since they've never lived a day in our lives."

"Mysticals stay separated," I murmured. "That's how it's always been. And, possibly, for good reason." I chewed on my lip. "This isn't good."

Jack nodded. "Some are already saying we're going to be terrible Rulers since we're ignoring Mys ways."

"Jesus," Ezra grumbled, sliding down on the seat, his arms crossing.

Pearl tapped a fingernail on the headrest, staring out the back window. "I don't think we should stop being seen together. That would give our subjects too much power over us." She paused, a frown lining her perfect face. "But, maybe, we should stop touching each other. It may actually be our easiness with one another that's truly bothering them. We don't want them attacking our friendship. Give them this, and hope it's enough to calm the masses."

Slowly, we nodded in agreement, all of us wearing scowls or frowns because it was awful that we were owned this severely by our people. But we were. We were going to be their protectors, leaders, and punishers in a few years' time. Sadly, as King Venclaire had said, we couldn't have them undermining us. If we began our ruling with subjects who had no faith in us, that wasn't acceptable. The weight was always heavy on our shoulders but, sitting here now, seeing one more freedom slip away, it made that barrier between us and our subjects that much wider. And they wondered why we were so close.

Jack murmured, "The Kings won't be fighting with each other so much, anymore."

We nodded again. The Kings had been at each other's throats a few weeks ago with another argument, which they hadn't even bothered to hide from us.

"Thank God that argument hadn't happened today," I said quietly. "King Kincaid would have probably agreed with King Nelson and King Fergus." King Venclaire had never attempted to separate us, so I didn't worry about him so much.

We sat in depressed and stressful silence.

Quietly, Jack asked, "What kind of touching is acceptable? I need clarification. It just comes so naturally now. I don't even realize I'm doing it."

My shoulders slumped, and my voice was weak, Shifters needing touch. "No nose pinching."

"No holding hands at any time," Pearl gritted between her teeth.

"No hugging," Ezra stated gruffly. "Or kissing." We did that a lot when we greeted or left each other. Simple kisses on the cheek or forehead, but now, it seemed like a biggie.

"No sleeping on each other," Pearl added, rubbing her forehead. "Or massages."

"No drinking," Ezra grunted.

"This is all in public, right?" Jack asked, his forehead lined in worry. "We are still free to be ourselves behind closed doors?"

All at once, Pearl, Ezra, and I said, "Yes."

Jack breathed a sigh of relief.

"We only touch when it's publicly acceptable," I said slowly. "Like if one of us is hurt," a thought, and I grinned, "or dancing."

They stilled, and slow smiles crept over their faces.

We nodded.

It was the party of the year. It was always planned for right before the students had to start cramming for year-end finals, when there was only a month left of school. For the four of us, though, since we had already finished our finals, it was more of a celebration of the hard school year gone by, with our last month of classes to be spent purposely with the Kings teaching us to use our powers together. I had passed my finals - all three years' worth - and so had my best friends. We were dressed in our finest and ready to party.

This year it was held at an abandoned house on the outskirts of Choep. Every year the party changed locations, but this house had been foreclosed on and mentioned as a possibility and, bang, it was a done deal. A Mage had magically turned the power and plumbing back on for the night and it was a good thing there wasn't any furniture, because the place was packed.

I ran a hand through my hair since it was a little windblown. I'd had to sneak out tonight - as had my friends - since we were still "grounded", dodging all bodyguards. Our elite guards were here, so we didn't feel too guilty leaving the others behind.

Nikki poured tequila shots where we stood at the counter. Her expressive brown eyes were wide with excitement as the almost-too-loud music pumped through the air. She held up her shot, asking, "What should we drink to?"

Instant. Pearl held up her shot. "To no more homework. Ever."

"That doesn't really work for me since I've got one more year left, but whatever." Nikki grinned at us happily. "I'm the minority here, so I cave."

Jack picked up his shot, murmuring something against Nikki's ear that made her laugh, before he said loudly, "To never having a number two pencil again."

I held my shot up. "To no more detentions because I fell asleep in class."

Gideon held up his shot. "To hoping I pass my finals." He shrugged at our expressions. "It's relevant to me." His drink sloshed as Pearl swatted his lips with a kiss.

"To no more five-thousand count essays." Ezra held up his shot.

"I've got one," Nikki murmured quickly, blushing. "To new friends."

We grinned at that and knocked glasses, downing the shots, carefully standing with a good foot between each other.

More shots quickly disappeared until we were all toasty warm, just a little tipsy, and that was when warm arms wrapped around my waist from behind, and Felix's familiar voice whispered against my ear, "Dance with me."

I closed my eyes, feeling how good he felt against me. His heat penetrated through my thin black dress, and I felt myself sinking against him. He was everything I wanted in a consistent sexual partner. No strings. Only heat, strength, and attraction.

It was really hard for me to open my eyes and turn around in his embrace, and say, "I can't, Felix. You're one of my two elite. I can't mix business with pleasure when safety's on the line." I had figured this out right before we walked in here, knowing he was attending and would, more than likely, try this.

Felix held my gaze. His jaw clenched. "Lily..." He closed his mouth, lips pursed for a few beats until he spoke quietly. "You're sure about this?" He wasn't going to beg or ask twice. I knew he was stronger than that, so this was his last offer.

My nostrils flared, scenting him, and my eyes closed in remembrance. God, we had been really good together. My own jaw clenched, and I opened my eyes. Nodded. "Yes. I'm sure."

Stooping slowly, he kissed my forehead. "At least we had a little fun in this godforsaken lifetime."

My heart broke, because I knew his heart was still torn for his late mate. I hugged him, kissing his cheek. "Yeah. We had fun."

He squeezed me tight, and then backed away, but not too far, still doing his job.

"That was f**king depressing," Gideon muttered as I turned back to my group. I don't know what my face showed, but he mumbled, "Shit, Lily. Why don't you just go be with him if you want to?"

I poured another shot, and pointed to Gideon around it. "Because I don't want to so badly that I'd risk dying for it. He's here to keep me alive, and he can't do that with his hands on my ass." I downed my shot. "Anyone wanna dance?" I needed contact. Not because of the Shifter need, but because of the woman-in-me need. I needed comforting.

Everyone wanted to, so we made our way to the dance floor, which was in the middle of what had probably been a living room at one time since it had a brick fireplace on one wall, the bricks rising to the ceiling, the only adornment to the navy-blue painted walls. We squeezed through the crowd and started dancing with one another. No-one picked any certain partner. We just piled together and moved.

Two songs later, I was laughing when Pearl bent down in front of me and crossed her eyes, bopping her butt in the air. So un-Queen-like I loved it. Seemingly, Gideon did too because he moved behind her, grabbing her hips, and both of them moved a tad different then.

Jack pulled Nikki against him, their foreheads together, and began slow dancing with her even though the music was upbeat enough to make a rabbit happy.

Turning, I crooked my finger at Ezra, who was being mauled by two Vampire girlies.

Tilting his chin up once, he somehow maneuvered out of their hands. He began pulling me against him right as I felt hands land on my waist accompanied by the smell of polar bear, but those unwanted hands released me as I moved away. Thank God, he had been quick. Jim had become a regular stalker most days, and it was all I could do to avoid him in the hallways at school.

"Thanks," Ezra muttered, glancing over his shoulder.

I snorted. "I should be thanking you, not the other way around."

He lifted his head, peering over mine. His lips twitched. "That guy seriously can't take a hint. I thought you locking him in his own car three weeks ago was ingenious."

I grinned, moving my hips with his. "Just took a little Mage magic."

"Pearl?"

"Yep."

"Nice."

"I thought so."

He pulled us closer to our friends as we moved against one another like it was second nature. So easy. Fluid. He led and my body followed, just like our training sessions every morning.

"You guys dance really well together," Nikki said loudly over the music, nodding her head approvingly. "Jack and I still step on each other's feet."

"They practice fighting every day," Jack grumbled to her. "They should be good." He scowled at us, mouthing, "Mess up."

Ezra and I chuckled and, a few beats later, we bumped heads, making a production of it.

"It's alright," Nikki consoled us. "Nobody's perfect."

Jack mouthed, "Thank you."

Nikki patted my shoulder, then she was dancing again, oblivious.

Ezra held up his little finger behind her back, crooking it.

Pointing at it, I nodded grandly.

Jack shrugged and smiled, bringing Nikki even closer to him.

I moved to the crazy beat with Ezra for another song before nature called. "I'll be back in a minute."

He released me with a twirl, and I kept my head down as I maneuvered through the crowd. The first floor bathroom was taken, so I trotted up the stairs, getting stopped at least seven times by Shifters needing touch. I hugged them and, generally, gave them my presence as alpha before I finally made it to an empty bathroom.

Done taking care of necessities, I was washing my hands when a knock sounded on the door, and I called loudly, "Occupied!"

Not a second later, the door opened.

My mouth was opening to tell the person, who evidently couldn't hear me because of the wild music, I was almost done when I froze in shock. I stared into the mirror, gazing at the reflection of a very handsome man with black hair and intense dark eyes. A Com.

I sputtered, "Philip Masterson. What are you doing here?" He was dressed in jeans and a black t-shirt, looking very casual and sexy...and it was more than a little odd he was here.

He shut the door and locked it, and leaned back against it, crossing his arms. "It's very difficult to speak with you in person. Do you know that?"

I dried my hands quickly and turned around, resting against the sink, reflecting his pose with crossed arms. "No. I didn't know that." I cocked my head. "Did you sneak into this party to try to talk me into marrying you?" Blunt, to the point. King Kincaid had relayed the denial months ago. I had almost second-guessed my decision to have the King tell the President but, after further thought, I hadn't felt the need to say it directly to the individual who had asked me to marry him, because he hadn't actually asked me in person.

"I'm here for your reason for why you said no. Not to try to talk you into it."

I didn't believe him, his wording too vague, but I explained, "If you want the honest truth of it, Philip, it's because I think it would be archaic to marry someone I don't love. Marriage is meaningful in both the Com and Mys communities. I also said no because you asked in the first place. You shouldn't have. You were using the situation to your advantage. If you wanted to have sex with me, you should have just asked for that instead of being deceitful." I tried to not be too harsh, considering who he was. "Women don't need a ring on their finger to have sex, if you weren't aware."

He stared for a full minute in silence before he stated, "I understand what you're saying." He didn't deny it. "I should have handled it differently."

I nodded. Um, yeah.

"Is there any way to mend my actions with you?" he asked slowly. "Because what you said is correct. I do want you." Well, at least he held my gaze saying that instead of ogling my chest like some.

I bit my lip, wondering the best way to break it to him.

"Ah," he murmured softly. "It's written all over your face, Lily. You won't touch me because I'm a Com, right?"

"I'm sorry," I said steadily. It was my turn to not deny it.

He nodded. "At least I understood that part about you." He pushed off the door, taking a step closer. "But, you're wrong to deny me for that reason." He took another step closer. "Not every Commoner is the same, just like not every Mystical is the same. You are unfairly being prejudiced against me in the same way Mysticals can be treated unfairly." Another step, and he was right in front of me. He slowly lowered his head, his eyes staring into mine. "Are you going to be a prejudiced Queen, Lily?"

I shook my head. "No." A pause. "Only a little gun shy." Ironic, that, since I had killed multiple Coms with a gun.

"Really?" he whispered. "I think I can help you overcome that shyness, Lily the Beautiful." His lips were abruptly on mine.

I jerked in surprise, but he wrapped me in his arms, holding me still for his onslaught of leisured, sensual kisses. For a few seconds, I was too stunned to move, and that was all it took to feel his soft, heated mouth doing wonderful things to mine. Ah, God, I really needed to get laid because his mouth felt incredible. And I didn't even like the man.

I pulled my head back. "Philip, this isn't happening. Let me go."

His eyes were on my lips, and he said softly, "You didn't even give it a chance." He dipped, and his lips were back on mine.

Okay, that was enough.

I raised my hands and started to shove him, but he twirled us, slamming my back against the bathroom door. His mouth nipped at mine too hard. Too rough. Just like his uninvited touch when he palmed one of my br**sts. And I, being a Shifter, deciding his touch was too brutal, which was saying something.

"Get off me!" I shouted as I jerked my head to the side, pushing him roughly.

He skidded back, his legs hitting the tub.

Pivoting quickly, I grabbed the handle, needing to get the hell out of there, but my face was slammed against the door. I felt my eyebrow split open on the hard wood, and he pressed against me from behind, his hands instantly going up the bottom of my dress.

His mouth against my ear, his words were brutal as he hissed, "It didn't have to be like this, Lily. You could have enjoyed it."

I hadn't expected this of him. At all. He hadn't seemed like a ra**st to me, but I guess you never knew. I grunted and shoved off the door, using some of my Shifter strength this time, and we both flew back. We stumbled, tripping as we hit the tub, and a sickening crunch sounded under me as we landed inside it. I rolled over on top of him and saw blood start to seep from the back of his head, spreading out like a ghastly halo on the white porcelain. He was unconscious. I had pushed with too much strength for a Com.

Oh, God. He was a f**king Com congressman, and I might have just given the man brain damage. I threw myself out of the tub, scrambling backward toward the door. This could not be happening. This could not be happening here. Not only would I get charged, since Coms would most definitely take his side over mine, but also, possibly, anyone at this party they wanted to pin it on.

Jumping to my feet, I threw open the bathroom door, and looked frantically for my elite guards. I didn't see them anywhere, so I shouted, "Felix! Aros!" The few Mys students who had begun congregating in the hallway glanced my way, and their eyes instantly went to my head. I pressed a palm to my forehead, remembering my eyebrow had split. The wound was long healed, but I had blood drying on the side of my face.

Aros and Felix turned a corner, and took one look at me before sprinting my way. Good. The sooner they got in here the better.

I moved aside, letting them in, and slammed and locked the door. They took in the mess I had made of Philip, but didn't say anything since they looked mighty furious seeing the blood on my head. I stated in a hurry, "News is going to travel fast about the blood on my face, so we need to hurry. Felix, can you make a two-storey drop holding him without injuring yourself?"

He nodded briskly.

"Good." I pointed at the tall window over the tub. "Take him to my Hummer. He's a f**king Com congressman. He can't be here dying. I'll be there in a few."

"Fuck," Aros muttered, glancing back to Philip, then me. Yeah, he got it. I would be put behind bars if the ra**st Com died and was found here with me, but Aros did state, "Head wounds always seem to bleed more than what they should with Coms." He rubbed my arm, trying to calm me. Not really what I needed right now.

Felix was already moving, pushing the window open. He glanced down, saying, "No one's out back yet. That's good." Five seconds later, he was out the window with Philip in his arms.

I trusted him not to lie about hurting himself in the fall. Plus, he was a panther Shifter. Cats landed on their damn feet, right? I turned the shower on hot, and Philip's blood quickly washed down the drain. Grabbing spare toilet paper one of the organizers of this party had placed in here, I wet it and wiped my face quickly. I stored that damp evidence in my purse, and glanced around for any other blood in the room, scenting the air. Other than on my black dress where it had dripped there were no remains, the door clean of dried blood after Aros used a lighter from his pocket on it.

After shutting the steaming shower off, Aros opened the door for me and started pushing people away, since, yes, word had traveled and they were beginning to congregate outside the door. We had made it halfway down the steps, Aros shoving people as they tried to talk to me or stop our progress with needed touch, when I glanced up from his broad back.

My friends, who were still dancing, had noticed the commotion on the stairs. They took one look at my face and reacted much like my elite had, all three pairs of eyes beginning to glow. Jack and Pearl gave their mates quick kisses in farewell, and the three of them started slipping through the crowd.

I pushed Aros faster. We needed to get to my Hummer. I wasn't sure what I was going to do with the Com from there. Maybe, take him to the hospital, or bury his body in the backyard if he was dead - either one was a real possibility - but I couldn't do anything until I got to him.

Pearl, Jack, and Ezra saw where we were heading and beat us there, waiting outside on the front lawn. They didn't say anything, but quickly fell into step with me as I pushed past Aros and started working my own way swiftly through the milling crowd.

Once I hit the sidewalk, I started a fast jog, friends in tow, and Aros taking the rear. My Hummer was a block down the road, but when we arrived I didn't see anyone in the dimly lit area. "Felix?"

"Right here," he stated, coming out from hiding behind my Hummer.

"Where is he?"

"Tree line." He pointed to the row of trees where the park started. "Behind the largest oak closest to us. I couldn't put him in your Hummer because I didn't have your keys."

"Shit," I murmured, having forgotten about that. "Alright, okay." A swift rub of my forehead, trying to think. "Felix, you need to get out of here and burn those clothes." I didn't see or scent blood on him, but I didn't want to take unnecessary chances.

He nodded, eyes turning to Aros as he tossed his keys to him. "I'll run in case you need the car to haul him." He turned, and started a fast sprint that was going to be, at least, ten miles if he was running all the way to where he lived.

A deep breath in and a slow release. "Well, it's time for the real party to start." I unlocked my door and stowed my purse on the front seat. "Let's see if Philip Masterson is still alive."

My friends had been standing quietly, waiting and watching, but froze hearing that name drop, and Jack asked in confusion, "Philip Masterson?"

"Yep." I nodded, talking while walking toward the largest oak. Coming out of their shock quickly, they followed. "He ambushed me in the bathroom. He talked a little, then tried rape on for size. A little too much Shifter strength trying to defend myself, and he hit his head on the tub. He was unconscious and bleeding the last time I saw him."

Ezra went to grab my arm, but fisted his hand - no touching - and quickly dropped it, stating quietly, "There's no heartbeat coming from over there."

I paused, listening. Mindful of Aros, I didn't say I agreed when I didn't hear anything, but I did say, "Shit!" Putting my hands on my head, I turned in a circle, scanning the area and listening to the sounds of the night. Nothing. "Oh, Jesus." That could mean only one thing.

"He tried to rape you?" Pearl asked furiously.

I couldn't even respond I was freaking out so badly, hyperventilating a definite likelihood, as a shovel and shallow grave became the future of this evening with the absence of a much-needed thumping beat.

I stopped moving. Stared. My jaw slightly parted, slack. "Oh, God. I'm not sure if that makes this better or worse." He wasn't dead.

My friends quickly snapped their attention in the direction I gawked, and silently we watched Philip Masterson drive by in a Mercedes, window rolled down, directly under the lone street light.

He was staring right at me. One eye closed, and then opened, winking plain as could be with blood covering half of his face. The next second, he stepped on the gas and his car shot off past the party, and farther, until the only indication he had been here were tiny, red dots of tail-lights in the dark distance.

Pearl repeated her question into the silence, "He tried to rape you?"

I nodded mechanically, my heart rate jumping a frantic rhythm.

Jack stated, "We need to tell the Kings about this."

"And quickly, in case he goes directly to the Com police with a bogus story about Lily," Ezra growled, already stalking toward my Hummer. "Maybe they'll let us kill him."

Pearl and Jack nodded, herding me - without touching - to the vehicle.

Ezra was already in the driver's seat, which I was grateful for, and Jack jumped in the passenger's seat while Pearl helped me into the back, following me in.

Absently, I saw Aros running to Felix's car, and in the distance, the other elite Mysticals jogging to theirs. I hadn't even known they were there, but they had been doing their jobs, and were going to continue to do so, following us.

As soon as we pulled away from the curb, Pearl grabbed my hand, holding tight.

Jack covertly reached back and rested his hand on my knee, squeezing it.

Ezra lifted his hand, and dangling from it was the damp toilet paper stained red with my blood. He must have found it digging through my purse for my keys. He growled deeply, "He made you bleed."

It was a statement, so I didn't answer. I didn't think I could right now. Worried and anxious, I sat mute as the three of them got on their cells to call the Kings at two o'clock in the morning and wake them up to inform them we had snuck out and there was a situation.

We were to meet at King Kincaid's.

The night, or morning, was only getting started.

Chapter Fifteen

The Kings beat us to King Kincaid's. Their cars were in the driveway, and we were informed by Fi - wearing a nightgown, bathrobe, and a worried expression - that they were in the study waiting for us. When we silently entered, they were all there, most of them dressed as informally as I had ever seen, some still in their pajama bottoms with a light jacket over their bare chests, the others in jeans and t-shirts, and while their attire was casual, their eyes were intent and severe.

"What's happened?" King Venclaire asked immediately, skimming our faces and stopping dead on mine. "Lily?"

Instantly, King Kincaid rushed to my side, guiding me to the couch.

Antonio slipped inside the study, locking the door behind him, also wearing his nightclothes. I got the same reaction from him. As soon as he got a good look at me, he immediately disappeared, reappearing directly in front of me to swiftly sit beside me on the couch, wrapping his arms around me in a familiar, protective embrace.

I tried to speak, and it took a full minute to get my voice to work. I started from the beginning, rambling at first about sneaking out, but as I went along my voice evened out until I was talking in monotone, reciting what had happened - exactly - with Philip Masterson.

In harmony, every single Mystical in the room started growling or glowing at hearing what he had done. Even the steadfast Antonio holding me. His arms glowed so bright at one point I had to close my eyes against it for fear it would burn my retinas. Whenever a Mystical was threatened by a Commoner, Mysticals banded together, without fail.

Once I was finished telling them how he drove away with a wink, they all started talking at once.

"We wait," King Nelson said instantly. "I hate it, but we wait."

"Bloody hell!" Pearl shouted. "We kill his ra**st ass. Right now!"

"I could have his throat ripped out in less than a half-hour," Ezra murmured in a whimsical, quiet manner, gazing at the window and even taking a step toward it, but King Venclaire slammed a hand down on Ezra's shoulder, stopping him.

Holding his Prodigy's gaze, his grip tight on his shoulder, King Venclaire growled, "King Nelson is correct. We wait."

"What the hell are you guys talking about?" Jack hollered, his feet pounding the floor as he marched toward the door. "He f**king hurt her!"

King Fergus sidestepped in front of the door, placing his back against it, effectively blocking Jack's path. "We can't hurt him tonight. Who knows who saw him enter that house? I wouldn't worry about the students, but surely a neighbor was watching the party unfold." With obvious forced calm, he murmured, "Patience, Jack. I'm not saying we won't get revenge, because we will, but we wait."

"What if he goes to the Com police?" Pearl ground out. "What if he tells them Lily attacked him?"

"He won't do that," King Kincaid replied, pacing the room, a growl repeatedly erupting from him. "That little f**ker was there for only one reason. He won't press charges because he'll want another shot at her, and he won't get it if she's in jail." He paused in the middle of the room and nodded. "We wait."

All of my friends stood motionless, fuming, while my body started shaking as the adrenaline finally began wearing off, with my thoughts confused about what to do.

Antonio rubbed my arms, his gaze flicking between my friends and I, and said quietly, "You four have grown up so much this year, so I don't want you to take this the wrong way, but you still have a lot of growing up to do. The Kings are correct. If a Com congressman is killed, or disappears, the same night he's seen leaving a Mys party it will only wreak havoc on our community."

He smiled. It wasn't a nice one. "You need to learn that sometimes revenge is best served cold." He kissed my temple, and stood, telling the Kings, "I'll watch the Congressman. Let me know when you need information." They nodded, and he left the room.

To be exact, he left us with four angry Kings with no other outlet but us, and we had definitely caused trouble tonight, again, disobeying their rules. It was safe to assume that babysitting was in our near future. Possibly, our entire future, by the looks on their faces.

The four of us yawned, dragging our feet as we exited through the back entrance of the school, done emptying our lockers and now heading down the hill for our first session with the Kings in Awakening training. The party had been Friday night. It was now Monday morning.

King Kincaid had been correct. Philip Masterson had not pressed charges. In fact, I had received a bouquet of flowers on Sunday, sent anonymously, during one of our punishments of cleaning the Kings' houses. They had been roses. Black roses with a single red one in the middle. That was Philip's way of saying he still cared.

We were exhausted because not only were we ordered to clean the huge mansions all by ourselves, but we had also had, yes, babysitting duty on Saturday and Sunday night. I was actually a smidge thrilled I wasn't mated because Gideon and Nikki weren't exactly pleased with the situation, their mates gone all night and day. Poor Jack and Pearl had to deal with that, too.

None of us spoke, moving like the dead as we headed outside. That was where the majority of our class time with the Kings would be held during this preparation. Apparently, there was the slight possibility we might blow something up in the beginning, so it was a precaution to take our training outside of King Hall. The sunlight hit us as we exited the building, and we flinched at the brightness, holding our hands up to shade our eyes as we moved past the track to the wooded area.

The four Kings were talking quietly amongst themselves just past the tree line in the shade. Oddly, they were dressed in t-shirts, jeans, and boots, looking amused as we trudged toward them. They had told us they had something "special" planned for Philip Masterson when they deemed it the right time, so their minds were off that issue and back to enjoying our state of fatigue.

"Set your things over there," King Nelson pointed to the side.

We stood in place and, as one, let our laden book bags, heavy with our lockers' remains, slide off our shoulders, and we chucked them where he had indicated, glaring.

"Perfect," he said cheerfully, ignoring our attempt to irritate him. "We're going to begin simple." He paused, smiling. That didn't bode well. The man rarely smiled. "Today, you're going to learn to touch one another while exuding your power."

I blinked. Well, that didn't sound so bad, and it was ironic they were ordering us to touch one another. Especially him. The stodgiest of the four.

My shoulders slumped in relief. I glanced at Jack with a small smile. He wore the same look of reprieve. All of us were nervous. Because of me.

First, we had no clue if I could even funnel my power into them as Shifter. Second, when we got to vesseling, we had no clue, other than what an old journal said, if I could do that either. And third, our "final" for this class at the end of the month, was to transform each of one Mys group - only a smidge earlier than the real Awakenings - to make sure we had the kinks worked out before doing it en masse, and again, we had no clue if I could do that.

So yeah, we were nervous.

King Venclaire clapped his hands. "All right, listen up. Each one of you is going to put only a small portion of your power in your hands. Only a bit, that's very important. You will stand in a circle and, one at a time, you will grab the other's hand until you are eventually all linked in a connected circle." He paused. "Think you guys can handle that?"

We glared. Um, yeah.

King Kincaid rubbed his jaw. "Let's keep them out there."

The other Kings peered around their environment, and nodded.

King Venclaire herded us back out into the blinding sun, and then he strolled back to the shade, where he and the other Kings leaned against tree trunks.

"Does it matter who we stand next to?" Pearl questioned loudly.

"No, the order doesn't matter," King Fergus shouted so we could hear him. "Just one at a time with the smallest dose of your power."

"Why do I get the feeling they're not telling us something?" Ezra grumbled, rubbing the back of his neck.

We stopped at that. This did seem too easy.

I murmured quietly, "They keep saying a small dose. I think we'd better listen to them." They hadn't put any special inflection on the word, but it had been repeated a few times.

"Well, let's do this," Jack muttered, his eyes starting to glow brown. "Small, it is."

Standing in a circle, we turned toward each other.

I let my eyes glow blue, feeling my Shifter power surge in my Core, and quickly tamped it down to a small amount, then let it ripple to my hands.

"You ready?" Pearl asked, her eyes glowing gold.

"Yep." I nodded.

She and I held hands.

We staggered as our powers touched. Gasped.

Hers felt like raging spells and time, purely charmed.

My wolf instantly growled. My magic didn't like hers so much.

"Wild..." She whispered, starting to shake beside me. "Animal..."

"What's wrong?" Ezra asked immediately.

I wanted to pull my hand away so badly, but when she started to loosen her hold, I hissed, "No!" It was still Pearl. Differences be damned. "It's still me. Lily. Just me." I held back my wolf's growl wanting to erupt again.

She was visibly trembling, but she gripped my hand harder, which made us jerk, but we didn't let go even as our magic warred with one another's.

Pearl spoke to Jack and Ezra, her voice trembling, "It's bad. Prepare yourselves."

Their jaws clenched as determination etched their features.

Slowly, not really wanting to at all, I held my other hand up to Ezra.

He stared at it for a heartbeat, and then clamped his hand on mine.

I choked, my knees hitting the ground, scarcely keeping the howl at bay.

Ezra stiffened next to me, his Vampire growling deep inside his chest.

His power was dark. Dark and dangerous and sensual. None of those in a good way when it met mine. I instantly wanted to be free. I was a wild animal, as Pearl had said, and not only was I battling Ezra's power against my left hand, I was also battling Pearl's against my right. Dark and sensual on one side, spells and time on the other, and wild animal in the middle. I had never felt my power want to physically take control but, now, it wanted to push them away.

Savagely. Instantly.

I grunted, standing on shaking feet as sweat began pouring down my face, and gasped, "Pearl, can you feel Ezra's power?" He had cut off his Vampire's growl, and was now crushing my hand so hard he was most definitely leaving bruises. That was a good thing. It gave me a focus. If I so much as even contemplated letting my power go off, it would. In a heartbeat.

Pearl shook her head jerkily.

"Ezra, can you feel Pearl's?" I asked, still panting. That was all I could manage.

"No." His voice was deep. Scary deep. Trying to keep himself in check.

"I can feel both of yours." I licked my lips. "It's...horrible. My power's on the verge of exploding to push yours away. I don't know how long I can hold out. Whoever takes-" I grunted, feeling Pearl's power surge a little. "Pearl, don't do that. I can't hold if you-" Her power surged again, not much, but just enough so that mine reacted. "Shit!"

Well, I learned something new. An explosion can be invisible. It wasn't seen but it was most definitely felt. It was like a mini-grenade went off when my power instinctively surged to epic extremes, making theirs counter and surge all at once. And...boom.

All four of us shouted as we went flying high into the air away from one another with a force that took my breath away and cut my shout short. Then, I was falling. Screaming, I watched the ground come at me faster than I had left it, I was pretty sure. I tucked. There was nothing else to do as I hit the ground.

Sinking in to the softest dirt I had ever felt, my screaming abruptly cut off in shock. I kept going down, the ground bowing like I had fallen on a trampoline, until the force of my fall died away, and then the silky earth was pushing me back up slowly to the even surface where it hardened to normal grass and dirt beneath me. From where I lay, I glanced around frantically, and saw King Fergus with his arms raised, eyes glowing.

My best friends were on the ground like me, all of us dazed. I was pretty sure Pearl and Jack could have saved themselves on a normal day from that fall, but it felt like my power was fried right now, which meant theirs probably were, too. King Fergus had just saved all of our behinds.

King Nelson sauntered out of the shade into the sun - smiling - as King Fergus's hands lowered, his eyes no longer glowing. King Nelson folded his own hands together, appearing as happy as a clam, and said, "Let's try that again, shall we?"

"I hate them," I muttered, two hours later.

Pearl and Ezra were currently holding hands.

Looking sickly, Jack stared at Ezra's outstretched free hand.

We hadn't gotten past three of us linked. Whoever was in the middle always blasted us across the lawn. The Kings found this entirely amusing. They had even had Mrs. Jonas bring them lawn chairs and drinks so they could sit comfortably to watch the show and not be parched from the heat.

My wolf growled. "If we didn't need King Fergus right now, I'd say kill them all."

King Venclaire laughed outright, sitting safely away from us, and leaned over as he murmured to the other Kings, probably tattling on me.

"Hurry up," Ezra hissed, gritting his teeth.

"I don't want to," Jack mumbled.

"What are you, like, two?" Pearl muttered. "Grab his damn hand."

"Screw you," Jack retorted, but without much conviction. I didn't blame him. This was awful. Inhaling deeply, he lifted his hand and slowly set it on Ezra's, closing his glowing eyes, jolting at the contact.

Ezra's head fell back, muscles cording in his neck, his Vampire growling furiously.

I blinked gradually as a crawling thought arose. Maybe, we had been going at this too slow. Ezra had said hurry up. We kept grumbling between grabbing the other's hand, the suffering drawing out. Possibly, it should be handled like a bandaid. Rip it off and be done with it. I held up my hands and said quickly, "Everyone, drop hands! I have an idea!"

They groaned, their heads tucked down, all of them physically shaking. Ezra was panting and his fangs were fully extended, appearing like he wanted to use them to rip my throat out, whereas Jack and Pearl looked like they wanted to use their bare hands to rip my throat out.

I said hurriedly, "It's not a bad idea. Hurry and drop hands before we get blown away again." Their bodies shook more. "What could it hurt? Drop your hands!" Hurrying was the key.

As they debated silently, I felt their power rising... They quickly dropped hands.

I rubbed my own hands together, feeling my power zing between my palms. I was giddy I might be right. "Okay, here goes." They were each gasping, bending over with their hands on their knees. "At the Awakening, they touched each other quickly." I paused, slapping my hands together. "We do it like them. Fast. We quit lollygagging around, and get it done." I grinned.

They glared.

"That's your great idea?" Jack asked sarcastically, wiping his brow, and then his eyebrows slammed together and he looked at the ground.

My smile dimmed. "It's not a bad one." I pointed at the lounging Kings. "They do it that way."

Pearl's lips thinned, but she didn't say anything.

"Maybe," Ezra straightened, cracking his neck, "we should try it."

Jack arched, popping his back. He had dirt on his cheek, and his brown, glowing eyes lifted to mine. "That was rude of me. I'm sorry. It's not a bad idea." A sheepish expression. "I've never failed this much before. I'm not used to it and I'm not handling it well."

My grin brightened once more. I reached to pat his shoulder but quickly yanked my hand back, remembering I couldn't touch him, plus, he wouldn't want it now with only my pure power in my palm. "That's alright, but let's try it. Remember, do it quick." I held out my hand to him, feeling hopeful.

He nodded, and grabbed my hand.

His power connecting with mine, I had to grit my teeth as his water currents fought with my wild animal, but I instantly turned my head, holding my other hand out to Pearl.

She grabbed it, and I barely stayed on my feet as an added power bombarded me, spells and time pushing at my wild animal, but Pearl sucked in a harsh breath, ignoring my wolf's growl, and immediately held out her other hand.

Ezra quickly slapped his hand on hers, holding tight, ignoring that Pearl almost crumbled, and slammed his other hand down on Jack's already extended free one.

Sizzling warmth instantaneously suffused my entire being, the kind that makes you want to curl up and slip farther into it, and a groan slid past my lips.

"That's more like it," Pearl sighed heavily.

"Hold!" King Venclaire shouted, suddenly next to us. "Don't let go."

We blinked, staring. As if we were going to do that. This feeling was unworldly. As bad as our powers touching had been, this was worth the torture. Unbelievably cozy and relaxing and exhilarating, all at once.

In one word: perfect.

"We're not planning to," Ezra said softly, even though he scowled at his King. "Why the hell didn't you just tell us to do it quickly?"

"Because you needed to learn, and experience is priceless," King Venclaire answered, glancing to the other Kings, who were slowly making their way to us...exchanging money with each other. He pointed at King Fergus. "You owe me a grand. They did it within three hours."

"And, you owe me a hundred," King Fergus retorted. Grinned. "They didn't beat our time." He and King Kincaid high-fived. "Running champs still!"

"Fine. Nine hundred." King Venclaire's twinkling blue eyes swung back to us. "In five hundred years - it's recorded - no one has beaten our twenty-minute time." He looked downright smug about that.

"They're freaking betting on us," Pearl sputtered. Her golden eyes were on King Nelson. "I can't believe you'd bet on us!"

"It's not the first time," King Nelson pocketed his cash, "and it most assuredly won't be the last." He shrugged when we glared, pointing between himself and the other Kings. "It's our thing."

"Wonderful," Jack muttered, but his features were still relaxed in our power.

It didn't really surprise me, so I asked King Kincaid, my tone sleepy, "Did you win or lose?"

"A little of both." His lips curved. "Although, I did win big, betting you'd be the one to figure out the trick." His grin conveyed, Attagirl. Nice.

"Glad I could help the coffers," I mumbled, letting my head fall against one of my shoulders. "So, what's next?"

King Nelson pulled a quarter out of his pocket, and then flipped it in the air.

King Fergus rapidly said, "Heads."

On this went, until only King Kincaid was left the loser of their quarter toss. The other Kings walked away, snickering, and King Kincaid sighed, turning back to us, and said, "The next thing you need to learn is this." His eyes glowed dark and he rested his hand on the back of Pearl's neck.

And...boom.

Away went our sizzling warmth, and in came an explosion of our powers.

Again, we flew through the air.

At least one of the Kings went with us this time.

Chapter Sixteen

The first week of our lessons with the Kings, we learned a few basic rules.

First, make the connection quick.

Second, do not let only one other Mys power into our group. It has to be all four, and quick, or boom.

Third, amplifying our power - not just a little pure power in our palms - is awful. At first. Then, when we're all touching, it's perfect.

And fourth, which wasn't really a rule, but it still deserved its definite place in my memory log, was that the Kings were sadistic SOBs with a major gambling problem between the four of them.

The second week, we learned how three of us touched just one for funneling.

Hmm. I would like to forget that week. Never in our friendship had we yelled - if that was all we did - at each other so much. I lost count of how many times we flew through the air. It wasn't until the fourth day that we understood - no thanks to the Kings - to put only the teeniest, tiniest spark of our pure power in our palm, and then let it build inside ourselves once three of us were joined with the fourth. More money had been exchanged between Royal hands with arrogant expressions on their handsome faces, since we hadn't broken their record on that one, either.

The third week, which was now, we were to put into action the touching for funneling that we had learned to control.

My throat was dry, and I felt like I was going to puke. Antonio had decided to join us today, and watched silently from his perch on the grass, where he rested against a tree. I knew why he was here. This was kind of monumental. It wasn't an Awakening, but it was proof that, if I could do it, a hybrid could actually push only one of their powers into another to help with whatever the point individual was trying to accomplish.

And, today, it was...

"Jack, you're going to be first on point," King Fergus stated. "Antonio gave us this idea, and I think it'll be marvelous if you guys can pull it off." King Fergus pointed to the pond about a football field away. "You're going to pick up that entire body of water and spread it wide and thin, and then raise it above all of us." Our jaws dropped, including Jack's, which wasn't a good sign, since he was supposed to be the expert. "Then, you're going to hold it there for as long as you can."

Jack swallowed grandly and shut his gaping mouth, staring at the large - yes, large - pond. "You're serious?"

"Yes," King Fergus stated. "This is your test for funneling. The others will have their test, too."

Uh-oh. A glance at King Kincaid showed he was grinning, and my eyes gradually traveled back to the King directly in front of me as I asked slowly, "What did you do during your training?"

King Fergus smirked and pointed to the pond once more. "I created that with a small earthquake. It's extremely deep." He turned his grin on Jack. "Lots of water in there." He paused, and then added, "There's also fish, so don't drop them or Pearl, Lily, and Ezra will be running around trying to save them while you fill the pond back up with water." His grin widened. "Have fun."

The Kings left us so as to sit on their lawn chairs in the shade. They hadn't given us a whole lot of instruction. Just said to push once we were all touching Jack. Thank you very much, Kings. We were left to figure it out ourselves once more.

I would like to "push" them. Into a shark's tank. Silvered. Surrounded by Coms.

"Quit scowling," Ezra grumbled, lifting a hand, where it hovered in front of my face before he fisted it and quickly lowered it. "Plotting their demise isn't going to help right now. That comes later." His eyes dipped to my lips, then back up. "You've got tomato sauce on the corner of your mouth."

I snickered, wiping it away. "I'm not the only one." The spaghetti today for lunch had been wonderful. Three bowls wonderful.

Ezra glared, rubbing at his mouth. "Why didn't you tell me?"

"I thought it was funny." I smiled, chuckling. "The Vamp with red-something on the corner of his mouth." A few students had stared in the hallways, making it a hilarious inside joke, one-woman style.

He finished swiping with the back of his hand, smearing red over his mocha skin, and glowered at the evidence before bending toward me so we were eye-to-eye, and whispering, "I'm meticulous when it counts, and you know it." Yes, he was. He never let a bead of blood drip. He grinned. "I'm going to get you back for this."

Thankful he was keeping my mind off my worries, I pointed at his nose, careful not to touch him. "Just try it."

He chuckled softly. "Oh, I will." It sounded very much the threatening promise.

I had better watch my back. He could be pure evil when he wanted to be.

"Can you all begin, please?" King Kincaid called loudly.

Ezra and I turned our attention to him.

He was staring right at us, his lips thinned.

King Venclaire was sitting next to him, also staring at us, but with a particularly amused mien, since he had been able to hear our whole conversation.

Jack and Pearl were also talking, bickering, actually, about the best way to push.

King Kincaid stated, "You can talk later." His voice held a little growl.

Ezra and I turned our faces back to each other, wearing blank expressions.

He swiftly straightened, moving to stand next to Pearl.

Ugh. King Kincaid and King Venclaire still thought we were doing the deed. It was annoying, to say the least. Ezra and I couldn't even have a conversation without them watching us, making sure our "love affair" wasn't too obvious. If Ezra wasn't one of my best friends, I probably would have thought it funny but, as it was, it was more irritating than anything.

Pearl motioned for me to come over, so I walked the couple of steps to them, listening as she said, "I thought about this last night when we were babysitting. We're supposed to push, right? Well, there was this one brat I wished I could have pushed my will on, but I figured the parents wouldn't appreciate it, so I didn't."

I motioned for her to get on with the point, so she clarified, "I think that's it. We've all pushed our will on our subjects at some point this year training with the Kings. That's all we've got to do. Focus our will on the task, even if it is foreign to us." She paused when we stood mute, only blinking. "Think of it as if you were an Elemental for this task. It's not just Jack that's supposed to raise the pond. Our power is supposed to help him raise it. So, just push your will, thinking as if you had his power."

I debated that internally.

Jack said, "This is hard. I still don't see how you're going to think like me."

"Oh!" I knew this one. "Talk out loud. Tell us what you're thinking. We'll copy it."

"Be specific," Ezra stated slowly. "Otherwise, we might picture one thing while you're picturing something else entirely."

Jack's lips slowly curved until he was grinning. "That might work."

"One more thing," Pearl quickly murmured when we began turning toward the pond. "Push slowly at first. Anytime we've increased our power, we've had to do it slowly. I don't see how this is any different."

"We probably will, anyway, trying to break through that haze of perfection," I mumbled, nibbling on my lips, all my nervousness hitting me again now that we were about to begin.

Jack whispered, "You're going to do fine." He sounded like he believed it.

Rolling my shoulders, I nodded, ready to see if I was screwed. "Thank you."

Ezra rolled his index fingers in circles. "Let's raise this pond."

We turned toward said pond we needed to raise.

We rapidly made our link, the sensations uncomfortable at first, but then, heavenly.

Jack raised his arms, saying, "Imagine picking it up by the outer edges, like it's a pizza. It'll droop at first in the middle, but then imagine the water running like a faucet, but opposite. The water going up, but only until the top levels off flat, so it's no longer drooping. We should see all the water at that point. When that happens, imagine the outside, not the inside, stagnant. Not frozen, but just absolutely still in place." He inhaled deeply. "Push."

I imagined exactly what he had said, the outer edges lifting first, and started pushing a tiny spark of my will into him. Just my will, held steady only by my Shifter power. It was hard, like I had said, because I didn't want to do anything but enjoy the perfect, warm fog I was in, but I shoved through it. My tiny push of will deliberately grew larger, and I watched as the edges of the pond started to tremble. Sucking in a harsh breath, I tried to stay focused and continued pushing even more of my will into Jack, whose gaze was glowing so brightly it overrode the sun, making the area in front of us turn a shade of brown, the same color as his eyes.

Squinting through the brown hue, I saw the pond's edges lift a few inches into the air. Breathless in my excitement, I rolled the remainder of my will into him, only thinking about pulling those edges up. I watched as a miracle happened before me. A hybrid, me, someone who should have been killed at birth, had done the impossible. I had funneled only my will, backed by my wild animal Shifter power, into Jack to help lift the water completely out of the ground, doing exactly as he had said and following his previous directions until it was stagnant on the outside.

Jack's shoulders were tense, but he whispered in awe, "I knew it. I can feel you."

That comment almost broke my concentration, because I was already practically bouncing behind him, between Ezra and Pearl. This was incredible! It was something that could change the way Mysticals think altogether. If I could just do an Awakening, I could burn that f**king Law to the ground.

I did bounce a little. Who wouldn't, if they were me?

"Shh," Pearl hissed. "Shut it and focus, Jack. What's next?"

We stared at the stationary mass of water floating twenty yards into the air, the inside of it still fluid. The pond water was even browner, thanks to Jack's eyes, but I could still see the little fish darting around like mad.

Jack sounded like he was smiling when he explained, "I want to flip it. Flat top on the bottom, pushing the part closest to us up and over, until it's upside down. Then, imagine that pizza again, but now the water is a big pile of dough, the outside still stagnant. Like a rolling pin, I want to roll it flat starting from the side closest to us and moving away, making it long." He paused, cracking his knuckles. "Push."

My will was already at full power, so all I did was think about flipping it over.

It started to flip, then Jack rapidly stated, "Too fast. Too fast." It instantly slowed as I altered my thoughts, and Jack sighed in relief. "You all thought the same thing. I felt it. It overrode mine, so I need to explain I want it all done slowly or it might collapse. Water tends to flow down wherever the sharpest outlet is, so go slow."

We began willing it per Jack's instructions. Watched it rotated upside down, then slowly thin out, leaving just enough room for the fish to swim. It was long. You could see through it to the sky by the time we were done.

Jack instructed, "The next part's simple. Just imagine the outside still stagnant, but floating backward over our heads until it's halfway over us. I'll tell you when to stop. Then, just hold it there."

We did just that.

My head tipped back and I watched all the ugly fish on full freak out mode swim crazily in their long, thin pond floating about twenty yards above our heads, in awe. "Wow."

"Yeah," Pearl muttered, sounding just as impressed.

"Huh," Ezra mumbled, his eyes wide.

"Don't lose focus," Jack grunted, the pond wavering.

We snapped our attention, our will, to keeping the thing above our heads.

The Kings hiked to us, clapping, but wore scowls.

King Fergus grumbled, "You four now hold the record for this."

I didn't jump for joy because that would have wrecked everything, but I still grinned, as did my friends, while the Kings began passing money to one another.

Antonio joined our group, sitting directly in front of the four of us. After peering up, scrutinizing our work, he stated coolly, "I want you to make a dome out of this. The biggest dome you can." It was an order.

The Kings stopped counting their cash to stare.

We peered to them, since they were the ones that gave us our official orders.

One by one, their faces blank, they nodded, then moved to stand behind Antonio.

Jack gave us instructions.

We did it. It was a little funky-shaped, but we did it.

No one was cheering or applauding this time.

Instead, the Kings' gazes were on Antonio.

He hopped to his feet and peered up and down the area we had enclosed ourselves in, rubbing his chin. "Make a," his head teetered in thought, "spout, of sorts. In the middle. Shooting straight into the air, leaving a hole in the middle about half the size of that," he pointed to the side, "large trunk over there."

We did.

He gazed up the hole and instructed, "Taller. Make it taller."

We did.

Standing in front of us now, the Kings watching him intently, he ordered, "I want you four to start moving. Walk together while staying connected. Reach the end of the dome, and then make the dome move with you, keeping it flush with the ground. All the way to the school, and then back. Repeat this. We'll walk with you." He started walking, not waiting.

"Go," King Nelson ordered us quietly. "Do everything he says."

So, again, we did.

Pushing our will and moving the massive dome wasn't easy. Not at all. Especially with the Kings surrounding us, wearing those carefully neutral expressions. It was freaking me out a little. When we stopped after our second trek to the school and back - we had seen students and teachers staring out the school's windows - we rested, but kept our focus because Antonio wasn't done with us.

"The next part," Antonio's lips pursed, his eyebrows lowering, "you won't like. What you are going to hear and see outside of the dome is disturbing. It won't be real. It's only my magic. I want you to walk toward the far end of the property this time while my magic is at work. Try to stay focused." He came closer to us. "Do. Not. Lose. Focus. You will hate what you see around you, but do not lose focus."

Gently, we nodded. Yeah, I was officially wigged out.

He took a few steps back. "You're about to see a piece of my past, a memory. But do as you were told." Instantly, his eyes flared, and he waved a sharp, glowing golden hand.

The four of us jerked as people appeared outside the water dome.

It took everything in me not to scream. The people looked and sounded so real, only their clothing telling me it was a different period. Blood flew through the air as Coms slit throats with their knives or Vampires ripped into Coms' necks with their fangs. Mages threw spells at Coms, killing them instantly, and a second later those same Mages were gunned down by different Coms. Shifters were in their animal form or their natural one attacking Com men and women while other Shifters exploded from grenades different Coms threw. Elementals lit Coms on fire or made them sink in quicksand or fly through the air or freeze right where they stood, explosions tearing up the ground everywhere, even as other Coms attacked Elementals with their weapons.

The dome most definitely wavered.

Antonio shouted, "Focus!"

All that kept me focused was the fact my friends were as speechless as I was. We were in this together, standing rigid, our breaths coming in pants as blood spattered and people were gutted. Swallowing hard, I tried to keep from puking, the scene a hundred times more brutal than the attack on the beach we had endured.

Antonio repeated, "Remember, none of this is real. If you falter, you fail, and I will make you hold this dome for three days straight. You stop for anything, and you fail. Understand?"

The four of us quickly nodded, and I tried not to flinch, hearing a man scream for mercy before his shout sputtered to a gurgle. We began moving toward the back of the property as he had ordered with spelled chaos surrounding us. As we moved, the brutality only became worse.

It was appalling. My heart broke for Antonio, even though I now thought him even more sadistic than any of the Kings, because he had experienced this. The war. Been out there in it. I couldn't even imagine the reality of his life's existence.

I was physically shaking. My hand squeezed Jack's shoulder, probably too hard, but he didn't complain, continuing to move us forward and lead us through the trek. We finally made it to the back edge of the property where it veered off in several directions, and I prayed Antonio wouldn't make us keep going. All four of us wore the same expression.

Wide-eyed and disturbed.

Antonio merely nodded approvingly. "Good." His eyes quit glowing, and thank the heavens, the scene outside the dome disappeared. "Now, head back, and then walk here again. We'll do this until school is out. Continue moving. Never stop. Never waver. Stay focused."

School wasn't out for another three hours.

I bit my lip, glancing back and forth between Ezra and Pearl. That was a long damn time. At least there were no bloody slaying and screeching cries outside the dome.

We didn't argue. We did as told.

"You're done for the day," King Fergus said absently, wiping sweat off his forehead as we finished putting the pond back in its proper place. He waved a hand. "Go relax together." Another absent wave as he started moving toward their lawn chairs.

We blinked after him, wiping our own brows and panting from exertion. We were exhausted and still a tad uneasy from that gruesome show, but King Fergus telling us to go off together? That was even more peculiar.

"What about the gremlins?" Pearl asked, referring to our babysitting duties.

I only just refrained from slapping her over the head.

King Nelson was staring up at the sky, eyes glowing, and he murmured softly, "No more babysitting duties. Just go rest."

We stood there stunned for, oh, maybe, half a heartbeat before we turned and tore away from them. We most certainly weren't going to give him a chance to take that back. Tired, or not, our feet were moving.

King Kincaid hollered, "Don't you dare do anything stupid!"

We nodded, still hurrying away.

"And you're all sleeping at my house tonight, so make sure you have a bag packed!" King Venclaire shouted. "In fact, just go to my house right now and stay there." A pause. "And try to not break anything."

We did stop at his pronouncement. That was news to us. Sanity quickly returned, and we were hurrying off again. Surprised, or not, none of us wanted them to go back on having no brat duty.

"So," Gideon scanned the area around him, "where's King Venclaire's real lair?"

I knew I wasn't the only one who thought that.

We were sitting in the formal living room of King Venclaire's house and, again, it was just too wrong for him compared to what I knew Vampires enjoyed.

"I'd tell you," Ezra took a swig of his beer, "but then King Venclaire would kill me."

There were no guards inside the mansion right now, so we were free to be ourselves.

Ezra was sitting on the corner of the couch with his back to the arm, one leg on the floor, and the other against the back of the couch while I lay between his legs with my back against his chest. My legs were stretched straight in front of me, my feet on Pearl's lap. She was painting my toenails black with gold sparkles while Gideon sat on the floor below her, massaging her sore feet, since she had been wearing new shoes during those hours of walking, breaking them in, and it had been a mini-torture of its own kind. She had not complained once until we were in the Hummer, driving away from King Hall. Jack sat on a recliner with Nikki curled on his lap, both taking a small nap, damn cute all snuggled together.

I tilted my head, looking up at Ezra. "Seriously. The first time I was in here, I knew this room wasn't right. What gives?"

His lips twitched. "I really can't tell you. He would be pissed."

Absently, Pearl waved the brush in the air, indicating the room at large, and cocked her head as she examined my toenail she had just painted. "It doesn't feel right in here."

My eyes didn't leave Ezra's, watching him as he scanned the room with a cocky grin teasing his lips. "Oh, you've got to tell us." I poked him in the ribs, which probably hurt my finger more than it hurt him. "Come on!" My brows snapped together when his eyes met mine again as I suddenly realized a key fact. "I've never seen your bedroom."

A black, arched brow rose. "I've never offered." He was deflecting, and was a master at it. A true Vampire down to his Core.

I shook my head. "Show me your room." That was the real Vampire area.

"The only women who see my room end up on my bed." His lips curved.

I blinked, and glanced at Pearl. "You want to see his room?"

"Hell, yes." Carefully, she painted my pinkie toe. "I bet it's all black and morbid."

"Want to sleep in his bed with me tonight?" A finger flick at her mate. "It's bound to be big enough for Gideon, too."

She shrugged, even as Gideon choked. "Sure. Why not? It'll be like the camping trip." Her hand stalled, and I bit my lip to keep from laughing as she quickly jammed the brush back in the paint bottle. "Gideon will be there, at least."

Ezra was, literally, vibrating under me.

I elbowed him covertly. Gideon didn't know anything about that first morning. I felt compelled to say, "No freaky magical shit in the bed."

Ezra laughed outright.

Pearl rolled her eyes, muttering, "As if I would let you see Gideon like that."

As if I wanted to see Gideon like that.

Luckily, I didn't voice that little thought. That would have been rude. But, Gideon, well, he was just too...proper, maybe? I didn't know exactly what it was, but it didn't make me all woohoo envisioning him naked. I more imagined him at a country club, sitting by a fire and sipping tea while Pearl snuck outside to steal a golf cart and raced it across the course, doing donuts and tearing up the green, as Ezra, Jack, and I cheered her on from the eighteenth hole. Not really erotic fantasy material for me.

Pearl waved a slightly glowing hand over my toenails, and I felt them go from damp-cool to dry-solid.

I thanked her and rolled over, staring Ezra right in his face. "Show us?"

Taking another drink, his nose crinkled. "King Venclaire will seriously be pissed. Only Vamps allowed."

Shaking my head softly, I tried for innocence. "He said we were spending the night." I smiled sweetly. "He didn't specify where."

Ezra's eyes narrowed. "It's definitely possible you were a swindler in another life."

"Whoa," Jack mumbled, staring at Ezra's bedroom. "Just whoa."

Ezra had taken us through a hidden door that, indeed, took us by another living room most definitely Vampire style, all in dark wine and black. The hallway we had walked down was painted a deep plum. Ezra's room wasn't any different. It reminded me of my old room at my uncle's, where I'd lived before my Shifter power had been Awakened.

I asked, "Did you get to decorate it yourself? Or did King Venclaire do it?" I ran my hand against one of the walls, and realized they were papered in black velvet, not just painted.

"He let me do it," Ezra replied, sitting on a massive, black leather chair that was circular with no armrests. "He gave me a pretty sizable amount to spend, so I went a little overboard."

Nikki lifted a red bra by the strap with one finger, holding it out in front of her. "I didn't know you did drag."

We stopped and stared, until Jack murmured something against her ear, and she blushed prettily, dropping the bra and mumbling an apology to Ezra. God, she was so innocent. It was endearing but, really, could she honestly imagine Ezra in drag or, instead, imagine one of his girlies leaving that behind so she would have a valid reason to come back?

Yeah.

I stepped over a purse on the floor. "On the last day of school, you should set up a lost and found table so these women can get their crap back."

Ezra's expression turned thoughtful. "That's not a bad idea, but I've been debating giving it all to charity. I think the disadvantaged could use it more than the women who left it." He pointed to the black wooden door. His closet. "I've got three full boxes in there. It's absurd."

I snickered because he was serious, and wandered to his collection of photographs on his black and grey marble desk. Bending, I peered at them. It was obvious who they were of. His mom and dad. I could tell one was definitely of his late mate by the goofy way he was smiling at her. She was predictably gorgeous. "She was very beautiful."

He nodded, draining the rest of his beer.

I cast my gaze away from him, seeing a familiar grief in his eyes I knew all too well, and went back to studying the pictures. There were photos of him that must have been taken during his travels. In most of them he looked drunk or stoned with other Vampires hanging on him in much the same state. My attention snagged on the framed photo at the end.

I picked it up slowly, and stared. It was of the four of us. Pearl, Jack, Ezra, and I at the New Year's party we had attended. I remembered now that Ezra had found a disposable camera lying on the floor during one of our boogie sessions, and asked someone to take a picture with it for us. Pearl and I wore those stupid pointy hats, and when we had leaned in together, well, the picture captured Pearl and I with our cheeks smashed together with big, silly grins on our faces, Jack holding his eye after Pearl almost put it out with her hat, but he still had a huge grin on his face, and Ezra had his fangs out, standing behind me, dipped to my height, with his mouth spread wide against my throat - not actually biting, but still managing to smile, eyes up at the camera.

My voice was soft. "Can I get a copy of this?"

His eyes tracked over my face. "Sure. I'll scan it and make a print for you."

"Thanks." I ran a finger over my captured smile, it caught forever in this picture. I had been really happy then. I was really happy now. Glancing at each of my friends, I was misty-eyed, and quickly sniffed any tears back, putting the picture down. Once upon a time, at the beginning of the year, I had lost my heart. With these completely different Mysticals, I had found it again in them.

"Come here," Ezra said quietly, watching me.

I took one last glance at the photo, and made my way to him. He pulled me down onto his lap and I curled up there, watching Jack and Pearl go at it over music choice while Gideon and Nikki tried to referee. I asked loudly, "Where is everyone going after graduation?" This had been eating away at me for the past month. My friends leaving. Going home, or wherever they wanted to set up their home base. All of us had been avoiding this topic with one another. After seeing proof like that picture...well, I wanted to know where they would be.

Jack and Pearl shut up, turning their attention our way.

Ezra wove his arms around my hips, holding me.

I was trembling a little, and I knew my voice had shaken just the same.

Into the silence, Ezra kissed my forehead, resting his chin on top of my head. "I haven't decided yet." He paused. "Pearl? Jack?"

Jack cleared his throat. "Nikki, can you give us a minute?"

She nodded, and, as if by cue, Gideon kissed Pearl's cheek, both mates leaving Ezra's room and closing the door behind them. I could hear them walking down the hallway and back out the secret door to the "company", formal living room.

Jack took a step forward. "I actually don't know. King Fergus has been listing location after location trying to get me to decide, but I haven't given him a solid answer."

Pearl flopped on Ezra's bed with a CD clutched in her hand, which she had grabbed behind Jack's back while he had been talking. "I haven't decided, either. Gideon's been hounding me about it, but," her eyes darted to all of us, "I can't decide." Those golden eyes landed on me. "What about you?"

"Assuming I can do an Awakening?" Her eyes rolled at my question, although, her forehead crinkled in worry as she nodded. Sighing heavily and pushing away any of those fears, I answered, "I haven't picked a place." I nuzzled my forehead deeper against the crook of Ezra's warm neck, feeling his pulse beat against my forehead. "King Kincaid keeps going on about staying here in New York, but I haven't told him yes or no."

Biting my lips, I hesitated, and then blurted, "I just can't imagine living away from you guys. Having all those simpering subjects surrounding me. They're good people, but I can't even have a simple conversation with them. They just agree with everything I say because of who I am." I shook my head under Ezra's chin. "That doesn't sound at all pleasant. At least you and Jack have Gideon and Nikki. Ezra and I have no one. We'll be stuck with a bunch of brown nosers."

Unfortunately, it was a dangerous game to ask anything else from our subjects. We were the Law. So, brown nosers they had to be. Not my fault, nor theirs. It just was the way it was. The way it had to be.

Jack sat on the bed, his hand inching toward the CD in Pearl's hand. "You're forgetting that Nikki - after she graduates - and Gideon will be traveling quite a bit for a while, being our eyes and ears and making contacts we can't." Again, that came from us being who we were. Their mates had their roles, too. "We'll be in the same situation as you two, in the beginning." His fingers landed on the edge of the CD, Pearl not noticing.

We sat in silence, all of us detesting our fate. There was no stopping it. We were going to be ripped away from each other a few weeks after graduation when we had to choose.

I whispered, "Maybe, we can choose locations close to one another."

Ezra half cleared his throat/half grunted, the sound odd enough that Jack stopped trying to steal the CD to glance at him as I lifted away a smidge to see his face. Hesitantly, Ezra stated, "I might have an idea for what we're all dreading, but it's a bit...radical...for the Mys community. It would also depend on how we each plan to rule our subjects."

"Ooh," Pearl did a fake shiver, "I love radical." All kidding aside, she was watching him just as intently as Jack and me.

"We aren't leaving immediately after graduation, and we still need to see if," Ezra patted my hip, "Lily can do an Awakening, so I propose we wait until graduation night to have this discussion. Once we're through with King Hall completely and have more freedom to do as we want, we'll sit down and I'll tell you my thoughts."

Jack rubbed his chin. "We wait until after graduation to tell the Kings where we're setting up shop?"

"That would probably be wise if you're interested in hearing me out."

I gawked. "You're thinking about all of us living under one roof, aren't you?"

His lips pursed, and he tilted his head back against the top of his circular chair, staring at his dark ceiling. "That would be part of it, but it would have to be a massive roof and be in more than one location worldwide. It could benefit our subjects in ways the previous Rulers never even contemplated because of their lack of connection, a connection which the four of us have." His face slanted back to our shocked ones. "Like I said, it would be radical. There are a lot of different factors we would have to think about, but," another pat on my hip, "we need to make sure we aren't dealing with other issues before we really consider this."

Silence.

What he was proposing was a first. It could either cause a rebellion or cause unity. It was a formidable line to cross if we chose to be as progressive as that. Like he had said, it was an idea no other four Rulers had ever contemplated, because they had kept themselves separate from one another, which seemed ludicrous to me now. How they hadn't jumped at the chance to have a bond like ours was beyond me.

In the extended quiet, Pearl whispered, "That's ballsy."

"Yes." Ezra cracked his neck. The action had my gaze landing there. His pulse. "It is. Just think about it until graduation, and then, if we want to discuss it more, we can." He paused before adding quietly, "If you don't want to, I won't think poorly of you. Of any of you. It makes me anxious and I was the one to come up with it." His face turned in my direction, although, that wasn't what I was eyeballing. "On that note, we'll put this subject on hold, which is perfect timing because I do believe Lily's got a craving."

His pulse thumped so deliciously under his skin, I licked my lips. "Yeah."

"Well," Jack stood, "I'm thirsty and hungry, but not for," he gagged, "what she wants. I'm going to see if Nikki wants to eat."

"Same here," Pearl said, standing. "It's your day, anyway." Always careful with words in a Vampire's home.

Ezra nodded. "I know." As they started moving across the room, he advised, "Don't eat a lot. The King loves a sit-down political dinner when guests are here. The cook probably has something special planned."

They agreed not to eat the entire pantry - right now - and left us alone.

"Here or my bed?" Ezra whispered softly.

I debated, my eyes never leaving his pulse. "The bed would be better for you."

He easily lifted me in his arms as he stood. Sitting on the bed, he lay back completely.

Moving like clockwork, I straddled him as he tilted his chin back and to the side. His arms rested around me as I lowered, and I gently placed my tongue against his throat, feeling his pulse throb. Breathing in deeply, I sighed - he was my favorite flavor of my three donors.

He chuckled, barely breathing, "Drink up."

My fangs already descended, I bit into his flesh, his blood pouring into my mouth. Groaning softly as the spice of his blood slid over my tongue, I pulled, instantly sending him serenity, and his arms started to go slack, but his fingers hooked into the belt loops on my pants, so they didn't completely fall as I drank from him softly, but greedily.

"You've seriously got issues, Venclaire. This place is a crypt." It was King Kincaid's voice coming from the hallway, making me jolt. "Is this the room?" Hastily, I licked over Ezra's wound. It healed instantly, but I froze as, not even a second later, Ezra's bedroom door opened behind me with a stalling pause, then King Kincaid whispered hoarsely, "Jesus Christ."

Shit.

Luckily, I had pulled enough blood to have my fangs retract, but Ezra blinked open lazy eyes, coming out of the strong mind hold I'd had him in, and he turned his face toward me, his lips against my temple, and asked softly, "Why'd you stop, sweetheart?" He was still dazed as his hands traveled from my belt loops to the small of my back.

Shit and f**k.

"What's the matter, Kincaid?" King Venclaire asked, also behind me, which had Ezra freezing. "Oh, good grief." A heavy, irritated sigh, then he whispered harshly, "Lock the damn door, you two. Secrecy. Not stupidity." The door slammed closed, and he shouted from the hallway, "Dinner's in a half-hour. Don't be late!"

Ezra and I blinked at one another.

I mumbled softly, "At least, my boobs weren't showing this time."

Dinner.

Hmm.

Ezra and I had quickly finished - after locking the door - and then hurried to the sit-down dinner in the Victorian-styled dining room painted in stripes of black and white. All the Kings were in attendance, our friends mingling with them. Jack and Pearl were making excuses for our absence, vaguely remarking on how Ezra was possibly showing me a new fighting technique, when we walked in.

King Kincaid and King Venclaire were mute while Pearl and Jack made this pronouncement. When they noticed us, both pairs of eyes scanned our persons, probably making sure we had remembered to "put all our clothes back on". Finished with his perusal first, King Kincaid strode to the side of the room, pouring himself a very tall glass of whiskey at the bar while King Venclaire merely brushed imaginary lint from his suit jacket.

Pearl said loudly, "There you two are." She hurried to our side. "Learn anything new in," she winked at me as if I hadn't heard their excuses, "training?" God, she was a bad liar.

Note to self: never allow her to speak at future meetings with politicians.

I nodded, but stated quietly, "Our fighting techniques aren't for dinner conversation." I knew King Nelson and King Fergus were more refined, so they didn't talk about issues of combat at a fancy-schmancy dinner like this. It worked. They turned away.

King Venclaire, on the other hand, regarded me with delight until his eyes journeyed to Ezra, scrutinizing him like a disappointed papa for not locking the door.

Ezra muttered a curse under his breath, and strolled to the bar to fix his own drink.

Didn't blame him. I could use one, too. Once again, King Venclaire and King Kincaid had caught us in a compromising position. This time, on Ezra's damn bed. There wasn't a valid reason to give them for it, so they still thought we were screwing.

Jack raised questioning brows over Nikki's head.

I rolled my eyes in answer.

This situation just sucked. Mainly because King Kincaid had just started treating me normal again. After the first incident, he had been sullen and quiet, hardly speaking with me. Gradually, he had gotten over it, probably because of the "no touching" policy my besties and I had created, thinking Ezra and I had ended our distasteful "love affair". Now, by the looks of it, he was going to drown his sorrows in liquor, already having drained his first glass and was pouring another while his wolf ever so softly growled at Ezra, who - intelligently - grabbed the closest beer and relocated, putting space between them.

Everyone began taking their seats at the table.

King Kincaid made sure I sat directly next to him at the end of the table. Away from Ezra where he sat at the other end. As food was served, King Kincaid stated loudly, "Lily, I have a good Shifter friend in New York City. He has a son that's a few years older than you. A wolf Shifter." He eyed me. "His name's Broderick. He's powerful, definitely an alpha, and he lost his mate a few years ago." He took a sip of his whiskey. "I'd like you two to meet."

I choked on my salad and quickly scrambled to grab my Coke. Everyone was watching us, since King Kincaid had voiced this loud enough to be heard at the other end of the table, which had been his plan. I gulped my drink, and then said as calmly as I could, "I'm not sure that's a great idea. I'm not looking for anything serious." If this Broderick guy had lost his mate a while ago, he might be.

The King's eyes glowed, his frustration showing. "Humor me and meet him."

Staring into those dark eyes, I didn't want to make a scene, and King Kincaid was close to doing that, so I mumbled, "If it means that much to you, I will."

He nodded, a real smile gracing his features. "You won't regret it."

Yeah, I probably would.

We stared in morbid fascination at the fire Elemental lying on the edge of Ezra's bed. She was tall, like every other Mys, but still, the amount of noise coming out of someone her size was truly remarkable.

"Does she snore like that all the time?" I asked in wonder. "It's like an atomic bomb booming every time she exhales."

Jack crossed his arms over his bare chest, his black-and-white striped pajama pant legs wide from his stance. "I think it's cute."

Now, we stared at him.

His forehead puckered. "What?"

"Your mate bond is truly something to behold," Ezra mumbled, appearing amused and, also, irritated as Nikki bombed away again.

I nodded. That sound was loud. "I don't know if I can sleep in here."

Jack stalked toward the bed, climbing on the mattress beside her. "Calm down. She quiets when I'm next to her." He snuggled close to her, wrapping her in his arms.

Like a freaking miracle, her god-awful racket did quiet.

"Amazing," Pearl breathed, walking closer to stare down at Nikki. "That really is something."

Gideon shook his head, unplugging his ears. "I'm just thankful my mate doesn't do anything that atrocious."

"Hey!" Jack hissed. "Quit insulting my mate." His eyes glowed as he scowled at Gideon.

"Alright, gentlemen." I held up my hands. "No fighting. Especially since I'm too tired to give a damn, and I'd rather not have to clean up any messes you make." That had never happened between them, but there was always a first time for everything. I pointed at Pearl, then Gideon. "Get in bed before I put you there." My wolf growled testily.

Jack yawned. "That time of the month?" He asked it so sweetly, too, like he was truly curious.

"No. It's not," Ezra answered for me, digging through his dresser. Paused. Tossed a pair of black panties onto the floor behind him before resuming his search.

"That's sick," Pearl muttered. "I would hate being a Vampire."

"It has its perks." Grinning, he glanced over his shoulder. "Vamps get all weeks of the month to enjoy our women."

"Seriously, didn't need to know that," Jack mumbled, letting his head flop on his pillow. "Goodnight." When his forehead touched Nikki's, he was out. That truly was astonishing.

Distractedly, Ezra tossed me a shirt during his hunt.

I went into the bathroom to do my business and change into his oversized t-shirt. I preferred a larger one over what I had brought. Really, I needed to start shopping in the men's department for pajamas. It would be a hell of a lot cheaper and that much more comfortable. The thing practically hung down to my knees, fully covering where it needed to.

Pearl was already in bed, her cute - uncomfortable - golden pajama shorts set only showing a little under the black sheet she had pulled over her and Gideon where they lay on the other side of the bed from Jack and Nikki. I was pretty sure she had situated the gap in the middle, so no repeat occurrence of that first morning of the camping trip happened.

"The shirt good?" Ezra asked, pulling his own shirt off over his head.

"Yep." I blinked at his chest. He had always had a perfect body, had already been large but, now, he appeared more. "Have you gotten even bigger?" He was ginormous. His muscles bulged, his mocha skin seeming to take up more space than before.

Pearl glanced up, scrutinizing him. "He does look more muscular."

Gideon yanked her back down. Guess he didn't like her looking at Ezra.

Ezra's eyes scanned my face, then he shrugged his massive shoulders. "Could be."

I stared. "Yeah. You did." I cocked my head. "Maybe you went through a growth spurt. I heard that happens sometimes right before your aging slows."

"Whatever," he rumbled. Typical male. "Can I get into the bathroom now?" He held black silk pajama bottoms in his hand.

Grasping that I was blocking the bathroom door, I moved, climbing into bed.

Gideon was nodding off and Pearl peered over her shoulder, golden eyes on mine and her nose crinkling as she whispered worriedly, "I hope I don't have a growth spurt, too."

Eyes closed, Gideon droned, "You're beautiful, dear heart. Legs that go on for miles. Quit worrying." He grinned, even though I was pretty sure he had fallen asleep as soon as he had finished assuring her.

"If I get any taller, I'll be bigger than my mate," she complained quietly.

I kissed her cheek. "No worries. If you do grow, you'll only be an average height for most Mys women. And, Gideon's right. You're beautiful." It was so weird comforting her about her body. She was perfect, but insecurities plagued the lovely, too.

Pearl thought about it, and then nodded. "I guess I am a bit shorter than most Mys women right now." She grinned. "Thanks."

"No prob. Now, go to sleep."

She turned back to Gideon and was out before Ezra had exited the bathroom, and he didn't take that long. Damn mate bond. Even though I was exhausted, it would probably take me a few minutes to nod off.

Ezra flipped the light switch and the room went dark. His eyes instantly glowed spring green, like two colored flashlight beams, as he walked toward the bed.

I chuckled. "You could do your own light show with those babies."

"I'm not the only one," he whispered. "Your eyes are glowing, too."

Blinking, I grasped that I was naturally turning on my own Shifter night vision, and peered up, seeing two blue lights hit his black ceiling. "That's pretty cool." He dropped on the bed between Jack and me and pushed his legs under the sheet. "Look up at the ceiling."

Two green lights hit the ceiling next to my blue ones. "Huh. I never noticed that before."

I whispered, "Close one eye." He did, and one green light disappeared. A little slaphappy, I giggled. "Okay, open it, and tell me what this phrase is." He opened his eye, and I closed one of mine and started to move my head, one blue light traveling across his ceiling in a specific way.

He chuckled softly. "Is this the equivalent of a man writing his name in the snow while he's pissing?"

"Quiet down, funny man. Pay attention. If you read it right, you'll get a prize."

"That, I like. Although, there are too many people in the bed to really-"

I elbowed him in the ribs, cutting him off.

He groaned in mock pain.

"You want to play or not?" Keeping one eye shut was hard after a while.

Deeply, he purred, "Oh, I want to play."

I sighed heavily.

"Fine, I'll behave."

I waited.

"Really, I'll be good."

Still, I waited.

"Sweetheart, I want the damn prize. I'll be as virtuous as a saint. Promise." A pause, then a rumbled growl, "Unless, you don't want me virtuous."

"Ezra?"

Innocent. "Yes?"

"Shut. Up."

He did. He even started pseudo snoring when I took so long to start, waiting on him to open his trap once more, but I began moving my head again, writing with my blue eye's light. He hummed in his throat. "It starts with a 'B'."

"Yep." More head moving.

He watched silently, and then slowly sounded it out. "B...Bi...Bit...Bite...M...Me." A gentle chuckle. "Bite me?"

"Yes, sir. I know you're thirsty. You didn't drink tonight."

"No, Lily, that doesn't-"

Slapping a hand over his mouth, I stopped him. "Just take a little. It won't hurt me or make me too weak." I took my hand off his mouth as I felt his fangs descend. "Good, you actually agreed without too much argument."

"I'm parched," he rumbled quietly, beginning to roll. "Arguing isn't in me right now, but I'll make up for it in the morning."

I snickered. He was a grump in the mornings. "Nothing really new there."

"Be quiet," he whispered, yanking me flat on my back.

Gasping at the rough movement, I felt his face against my neck before I could blink.

He inhaled deeply, a quiet groan escaping. He slipped over me, wrapping a hand behind my nape and lifting demandingly, not waiting for me to do so, making half my body arch and my head fall back. Leaning on one elbow, he kept part of his weight off me, but he was still heavy.

Reflexively, I spread my legs, and his own slid between mine, relieving some of his bulk.

He was being more forceful than normal, but he had said he was parched. When Vamps got too thirsty, some of their predator came out. That was normal, so I wasn't afraid when his fangs brushed my skin, sliding from my ear to my pulse as the predator in him tried to scare me.

I merely ran my fingers through his spiked hair, a soothing motion.

His fangs paused on my pulse, and he sucked in a harsh breath, whispering rapidly, "Sorry." Their grip loosening on my neck, his fingers massaged. "I'll try not to take much." His fangs immediately sliced into my flesh, and he groaned gutturally as he took a hard pull, his muscles flexing against my body and, a bare beat later, I was caressed by angel's feathers, the intense, pure grace brilliant.

Sighing in contentment, I blinked open my eyes, perceiving he was done drinking. We were now lying on our sides, facing each other, while I had a death grip on his hair.

He was grinning, his fangs still slightly descended, but not completely lowered, meaning he had, indeed, only taken a little. Just enough to take the edge off. In a break between the full bed of quiet snores, he whispered, "Thank you."

Snuggling my head under his chin, my hands loosened in his hair. "Welcome."

Chapter Seventeen

Unsure of what woke me, I blinked my eyes open to a dark room. Instinct had me scenting the air, and I instantly knew that the man crushing me was Ezra. With another blink, my location came back to me, remembering that all of us were sleeping at King Venclaire's, in Ezra's bedroom, in his bed.

One more blink, and I also realized that in our slumber, Ezra and I had moved from our sides. I was lying on my back and Ezra was using my right boob as a pillow. His other hand was up under my shirt, cupping my left boob - sans bra for bed - and the rest of his body was sprawled over my stomach and legs. He was snoring quietly. Maybe drooling a little, too, since the part of my shirt near his mouth was damp and clinging to my skin. Somehow, us sleeping under the same blanket never ended up proper.

My arms were around his neck, and I grunted, trying to wiggle out from under his frigging immense weight, but he just grunted, pressing down harder, and started snoring full out. Opening my mouth to wake him, I froze. There was another scent in the air. Not one of my friends', either.

Inhaling deeper, I found the scent was...muted. Barely noticeable really, but still there. My heart kicked into overdrive when I couldn't figure it out. The scent confused me and my senses. It was like I should know it, but it was only vaguely hovering. Maybe, come and gone?

That made my heart speed even faster: comprehending someone had been in the room while we were sleeping. Very near breathless, I began scanning the room, my eyes glowing severely as I attempted to see if anything was amiss.

I had accomplished evaluating half the room when Ezra's snore abruptly stopped and he froze over me, his muscles clenching. This also meant his cupping palm squeezed my boob. His hand froze with the action, probably recognizing what he had a hold of. I didn't really pay attention, though, still scanning.

His head snapped up, his eyes glowing on my face. "What's the matter? Your heart's going berserk," he inhaled sharply, "and you're scared." His hand was slowly releasing my breast as if, if he did it slowly enough, I wouldn't notice it had been there in the first place.

"Someone's been in the room," I growled - yes, a little wolf - quietly. "The scent's odd and light, but it's there."

His warm palm slid down my stomach, his fingers trailing over my skin so lightly, and even though I was freaked, goose bumps still popped up on my skin, before he gripped my hip, cocking his head. Listening. His thumb tapped a few times on my lower stomach in an odd rhythm before he started rubbing it back and forth soothingly, whispering, "Only the heartbeats that are supposed to be in the house are. Maybe, you're scenting something on one of their clothes."

Another inhale as I tilted my head left, then right. "No. It's not them." I was starting to tremble. The scent was puzzling, my senses distressed. I even sneezed.

"Sweetheart," Ezra purred softly, repositioning, drifting up so his hard body rubbed over mine and stopped directly above me, his face so close our noses brushed, "Calm down. You're scaring yourself over nothing." His hand on my hip slid to the small of my back, then higher, rucking my shirt up over my hips to my belly button, and I tried to look around his head, wanting another look at the room, but he pressed down heavily on my trembling frame, keeping me immobile.

I glared.

A gentle shake of his head, his fingers delicately massaging my tense back muscles, and he whispered, "If there was anyone in the house who shouldn't be, I would hear them." He bent his head, rubbing his cheek against mine soothingly. His was bristly. Heated lips against my ear, he breathed even more quietly, "Although, I can tell you the cook is getting it on with one of the servants right now. Their heartbeats are going crazy."

That jarred me from the shaking mess I had become, and I chuckled hard, my body shaking for a different reason now. A pleasant one.

"That's it," Ezra murmured on a mere exhale, his words only for us. "Just keep thinking about those old geezers getting their freak on." He chuckled himself. "I have to listen to it every other night. Half the time they complain about their joints aching before, during, and after. I actually bought earplugs."

Snorting, I relaxed my arms around his neck, sliding my hands to his shoulders.

That's when the scent intensified.

My eyes blazed bright and my wolf growled low as my body vibrated.

Ezra paused too, but a second later he shook his head next to mine, teasing, "It could be that I need to buy you a night-light." He lifted his head just enough so that our eyes were a few inches apart. "There's no one here, sweetheart."

A golden light blazed next to the bed in the shape of an immense bubble.

Our heads snapped to it; his Vampire's growl actually overrode my wolf's.

Ezra gripped my back tight and, with Vampire speed, blurred, pushing with his other hand and rising onto his knees with me in his arms, the too-quick motion making my head spin. The other occupants of the bed were stirring from our predators' growls, right as the golden bubble burst outward in a sparkling display of beauty, but with a force that had me screaming and Ezra rotating his back to take the brunt of the explosion, protecting me. He grunted, the blast hitting him full on, and his eyes instantly closed as we collapsed back to our original positions on the bed, me under him and getting the breath knocked from my lungs as we landed, the magic having touched everyone on the bed, but me.

I choked, trying to get air in, and, suddenly, saw King Venclaire, King Kincaid, and Antonio standing where the bubble had been, their scents flooding the room as I finally inhaled and caught my breath, my eyes wide in shock, my body stunned motionless.

Antonio shook his head in disappointment. "You should have paid attention to your instincts, Lil."

King Kincaid tapped his nose, growling, "Always trust your senses."

Antonio lifted a hand, and flicked a glowing finger in my direction.

My eyes widened even further as a tiny, gold spark flew right at me. Jolting, I tried to get out from under Ezra's unconscious weight, but the gold spark hit me dead center on the forehead. I saw nothing else as darkness took me under.

Blinking my eyes open to the dark night, I instantly knew I wasn't where I should be. The side of my face laid on cool sand, along with the rest of my body, a quiet breeze ruffling my hair. Scents flooded my awareness that weren't standard to waking. Wild scents.

Also, there were the sounds behind me.

A lion's roar.

A wolf's growl.

A panther's snarl.

A monkey's screech.

A bear's roar.

Slowly, very damn slowly, I turned my head just enough to peek behind me. Peering through my hair, I saw all of those beasts - a lot of freaking animals - heading my way in a slow stalk, their eyes shining as they reflected the lamplight illuminating the zoo's walkways for the exhibit I was currently lying in, the area where I lay a replica of the Sahara with red sand and ugly, pale brush sticking up sporadically.

Oh, shit.

Even more slowly than before - no sudden movements - I turned my face back the way it had been. Jack, Pearl, and Ezra lay behind me in a pile of arms and limbs, sleeping, all of us still in our pajamas. And the worst part was we were trapped. There was a vast sand wall stretching up at least fifty feet to where a railing lined the top, normally where visitors could look down at the exhibit.

Instead of visitors, all four Kings stood there, beholding us.

King Fergus had a pebble raised, as if he had been in the process of throwing it at us, but lowered it seeing I was awake.

Oh, well thank you for waking me, so I could see death stalk me.

Antonio was there too, sitting on the railing and swinging his legs back and forth merrily, appearing entertained. They had trespassed in the damn zoo. Stuck us in this exhibit.

What the hell?

One day I would...I didn't know, but I would get payback.

Ten, maybe a hundred, fold.

Over the animal's threatening calls, King Kincaid decreed, "This is your challenge for funneling." My jaw dropped, and he paused, his eyes on mine as he shrugged. "Stop them from killing you."

My friends were starting to stir, their reactions the same as mine when they saw what was headed our way and, still not moving, my eyes on my King, I hissed stridently, "I've never controlled a wild animal. Only Shifters."

Surprise showed on the Kings' faces, their attention swinging to King Kincaid.

Chortling this time, he shrugged once more. "You better hope you're a quick learner."

"Oh. My. God," Pearl whispered, fear straining her voice. "They can't be serious." She was beginning to back-pedal on her hands and knees, but she quickly hit the sand wall.

"Have you all lost your damn minds?" Ezra shouted, furious, his glowing eyes on the Kings and his fangs extending. Apparently, he didn't know you weren't supposed to make all that racket around wild animals. They roared or growled or hissed even louder. He didn't seem to care. "She just said she doesn't know how!"

Jack ignored all this, though his face was pale, and he asked, "Where are our mates?"

"Sleeping peacefully and safely back at King Venclaire's home," Antonio chirped, and pointed down to the left. "What's in that shadowed area over there?"

"Gorillas," King Nelson stated, cracking his back. "They were harder than the bears to get down there."

"Hello!" Ezra yelled, jumping to his feet, but lowered to a crouch as the animals went wild. "Did you crazy f**ks hear me?"

"Oh, we heard you," King Kincaid murmured, glaring, his voice dryer than the sand under us. "We're choosing to ignore you." His gaze leveled with mine. "I can't believe you let some," his wolf growled low, "Vampire dissuade you from your initial instinct. You're a Shifter! You knew something was wrong, and you let him persuade you everything was fine." He paused. "For that, I added," he pointed down to the right, "them."

Ezra's attention snapped to me. His eyebrows lowered and his wide lips pinched. He didn't say he was sorry, but I could tell by his gaze he felt - somewhat - apologetic.

I turned my head to where my King was pointing. Saw alligators coming out of a small body of water. Huge freaking alligators.

"They're hard to control," King Kincaid stated factually, then chuckled quietly. "Kind of like Vampires." He clapped once. "Enjoy."

Without warning, we were swiftly doused. In blood. Pig's blood from the smell of it.

Pearl shrieked, her golden hair plastered to her face and shoulders, red rivulets running down into her cle**age, her golden pajamas not so golden anymore.

Jack gagged, wiping the blood from his eyes, and glared up at the Kings.

Ezra and I just scowled at King Nelson and King Fergus as they lowered the previously full buckets they had just dumped on us.

Not even bothering to wipe his face, Ezra asked through clenched teeth, "Why couldn't I hear your heartbeats earlier? And what was that explosion?"

"What explosion?" Jack asked, choking as blood ran off his hair into his mouth.

Antonio waggled his fingers, sitting easily on the railing. "Just a little specialty of mine I learned a long time ago from one hell of a sneaky devil. It blocks every Mystical's senses but a Shifter's. To them," his head teetered in thought, "it makes them anxious. Nervous. They can scent who's inside the magic, but it's dull and off base, a scent not right." He paused, thoughtful. "Plainly, it freaks them out."

King Kincaid sighed. "Honey, behind you."

My friends froze, their eyes widening on their crimson, damp faces, staring over me.

Not a good sign.

A roar sounded directly behind me, and I instinctively rolled, barely missing being swiped by deadly grizzly-bear claws. The brute of a bear rose on its hind legs, roaring again, drool dripping from the corners of its mouth. Thank you God that my wolf didn't let me go out a wimp.

My wolf growled back as I sprang to my feet.

Jumped with a bit of my Shifter strength.

I clocked the grizzly right on the side of its gigantic, frigging furry head, landing in a crouch, again, barely missing a wayward paw full of claws as it stumbled back, a funky whimpering sound eliciting from the beast.

My wolf growled as I gradually straightened.

The bear didn't come back.

Yet again, King Kincaid sighed. "Lily, don't harm the animals, just keep them from attacking you. Get control of them by funneling." He paused. "You'd better hurry up. I think they like the smell of the blood." A merciless chuckle.

"This is seriously more twisted than mine," Jack hissed, standing to his feet and moving behind me. "I don't think we're getting out of it, though."

Pearl and Ezra quickly moved behind me.

The mass of wild animals were now within twenty yards of us. There were so many of them. It was hard to concentrate, much less come up with an idea on the fly to stop them. From grizzlies to cougars to gorillas, well, it was intimidating.

We quickly made the link. There was nothing else to do but do it.

Through the warm haze, I whispered, "I want them to stop."

A feeling like I had never felt invaded my warmth as I stared at the swarm of animals. I felt each and every one of my best friends' unique brand of magical will invade me, touching my Core, and sit alongside mine as I pushed my power, my charged will, forward, shoving it on the animals in front of me. It was enchanting.

The animals didn't stop.

"Oh, God," I whispered, my thoughts flying in circles as I tried to piece this puzzle together. I didn't truly think it was because I was a hybrid. I could feel the part of me that was Vampire in my Core, and it was almost like it was taking a nap, being dormant for this. So, no, it wasn't that. But what else could it be? My hands trembled as the animals slowly closed in another five yards. "I want their paws glued to the ground, unable to move."

I felt the combined push of our wills. It didn't help. Said paws still moved forward.

I whimpered, my eyes scanning. They were all so fierce. All so untamed. All wild. Each ready to savagely tear us apart. Another whimper escaped when they were only ten yards away, those long, bared teeth all I could see, all so primitive.

Wait.

Primitive...

Wild...

Untamed...

An animal that was primitive or wild or untamed doesn't just "stop". They have to have a reason to do so. They don't think logical, rational thoughts. Animal. Not Shifter. I knew enough, my wolf being fearless and imprudent when I shifted, that I should have figured this out before they made it this close. They think with instincts, with how their body is feeling. Like, right now, they were hungry, and smelled the blood, so they were going to eat. Or, if they were protective, they would fight to defend their territory.

If I wanted them to stop, they would have to be...

"Tired," I mumbled rapidly. "I want them exhausted. So tired they can't move."

I pushed our will of lethargy on the mass of animals not five yards away.

It worked. Kind of.

Almost all of the animals were affected by our will, but King Kincaid had been correct. Those damn alligators gave us the most trouble, waddling drunkenly, fighting our will all the way to an inch from my toes before they plopped down, hitting the sand like the other animals had, sleeping, each making a wild kind of snore. All of them.

Absurdly, a thought came to mind, making me giggle and earning me a few glances.

These snoring beasts had nothing on Nikki.

Politely, I kept that to myself.

Chapter Eighteen

Anyone would think after our first two tests in funneling that the Kings would have been just as aggressive on Ezra and Pearl during their tests.

They weren't.

Ezra's was accomplished inside of a class reunion at the local Com high school. The place had been packed, and the Kings and Antonio had snuck us in through a back entrance. They had taken us behind the bleachers, and then King Venclaire had ordered Ezra to command the entire group to do an action in unison. Well, there had been music playing, and Ezra had chuckled evilly. We had willed them to do the macarena for three songs straight. It had looked like a twisted version of zombie meets the drunken 90s.

After that, it had been Pearl's turn. Oh, how she had been disappointed with her test. She'd had to make vegetables grow from seeds to full harvest within an hour. I had been impressed. Damn impressed. Especially because it hadn't just been, like, one or two. It had been an entire field's worth. We had done it, and when we had left the high grass field, I had really hoped the farmer had been ready to gather the harvest, because that was a whole lot of money down the drain if not.

After that, the Kings had let us rest for the remainder of the two days in the week. I couldn't remember a time when I had been such a couch potato. Well, I could, but I didn't like thinking of those memories. Dominic's killers had never been found, so it was unpleasant reminiscing about him, knowing I had never served justice to those who had murdered him.

Friday came. Like it always did. Although, this time, while the four of us, Nikki, and Gideon started to relax and watch a movie in my bedroom, there was a knock at my door.

Swallowing my popcorn and wiping my buttery hands on my shorts, I opened my door, glaring at Jack behind me and saying a few words to threaten him with bodily harm if he started the movie without me. I turned back to the opened door. Stopped. Stared. Not at the person who had knocked, because that had just been King Kincaid, closest to the door. No, I stared at the man standing slightly behind and to his side.

My goodness, oh, my goodness.

I quickly swiped my mouth with the back of my hand, making sure I didn't have any bits of popcorn lingering. Or drool. Come to mama, I sniffed, wolfy. Mmm-hmm.

Already smug, King Kincaid said softly, "Lily, I'd like to introduce you to," a motion to the hottie, "Broderick Dressler. I believe I mentioned he would be dropping by," crap, he had, "and his father and I have some business to take care of. It should take about an hour. Do you think you can entertain him while we're meeting in my study?"

I nodded unintelligently, eyeing the wolf Shifter from head to toe.

He was giant. Like, seven feet tall giant. He was muscular like most Shifters, so he took up that much more space. His shiny silver hair hung almost to his shoulders, his eyes dark. His features might have been plain if evaluated separately, but together they made a perfect unity of naturally arched silver brows, a nose a smidge too long, and plump lips.

I was pretty sure I might have panted there for a moment.

The really beautiful part was he held eye contact with me for a long damn time before his gaze traveled over my facial features, and lower, giving me the exact same treatment I had given him. He didn't even seem too impressed. Meaning, he had some balls to go along with all that scrumptiousness. It was possible I might, in fact, partake in a blind booty call, after all.

"He'll break her," Ezra complained in a whisper from my bed. "She's too small for him."

"I don't know," Pearl stated just as softly, sounding factual. "She likes her men big."

"I think I'm with Ezra on this one," Jack grumbled almost silently.

My face flushed, my friends not so quiet when it was dead silent to begin with.

King Kincaid glared over my head, probably at Ezra, but said to me, "I'll leave you two to it." He patted Broderick's shoulder before walking away.

He held out his hand. "Broderick."

I shook his ginormous appendage. "Lily." He nodded in greeting, releasing my hand, and I asked him bluntly, "Do you know why you're really here?"

"We're being set up," he said with a slightly crooked grin that had my knees weakening. He stuffed his hands in his pockets. "This has nothing to do with you, but I can't say I'm all that thrilled about it." He tilted his head, his silver hair dangling over his shoulder. "I'm not looking for anything serious. And," he jerked his head at my friends, "they're probably right. I'd break you."

Jack stated not so quietly, "See? Even he agrees."

Pearl hummed, not sounding convinced.

Neither was I.

"How about we go for a run?" I asked slowly, thinking this through. At least, trying to think, since my hormones were on overdrive. It had been a very long time since I had a bed partner. "See how it goes from there?"

Once more, his gaze roamed my body, and he nodded unhurriedly. "You're good with nothing serious?"

Pearl chuckled behind me, but quickly coughed, trying to cover it.

"Yeah," I muttered. "Not into serious."

"Okay," he murmured quietly, his voice getting deeper. "I'll give you a head start." He pulled his shirt over his head and started undoing his pants. He jerked his head in the direction of the stairs at the end of the hallway, obviously not shy. "You'd better hurry." His voice was half growl.

A shiver of allure ran down my spine, and I mumbled over my shoulder, "Watch the movie. Don't care." Slamming the door behind me as I hurried out of the room, I raced down the hallway, tossing my own shirt over my head. Oh, hell yes. It had been too long.

Running back up the stairs a half-hour later, I dashed down the hallway with my tail hanging. I whimpered at the door and thumped it with my paw, careful not to chip the paint. I was seriously in need of comfort, and I didn't feel like explaining, hence, my wolf form.

The door flew open, and Jack dropped to his knees, his hands instantly scratching behind my ears. "He hurt you, didn't he?" He sounded furious and smelled of aggression.

Ezra exited the bathroom and blinked, seeing me. Abruptly, he was behind Jack, blurring, and leaned over him. He actually picked me up. I squirmed a little until he adjusted his hold. His fangs were descended, obviously furious, too, as he crushed me against his chest.

Pearl stated with an eerie voice, her eyes glowing, "It's not that." She breathed out slowly, her head tilting even though she wasn't looking at anyone. "She's not physically hurt. He didn't touch her."

Incredulous, Jack muttered, "What? With the way they ran out of here?"

Her lips pursed, and she shook her head, her eyes going back to normal. "He didn't try anything on her. I got that," a wave of her hand, "impression." Her power at work, going all dreamlike, then her knowing what I wouldn't wish her to.

I was woman enough to admit it was creepy at times.

This time, I only stuffed my snout against Ezra's neck, sighing in embarrassment and disappointment.

"Seriously?" Jack asked, still unbelieving.

Ezra moved to my bed and lay down, keeping me on his chest. He didn't comment, and his fangs had retracted when he kissed the tip of my nose. He stared me in the eyes and began scratching behind my ears.

I was grateful he didn't say anything, with his sensitive nose for emotions.

"Is he not into women?" Jack asked, still throwing a fit, even with Nikki trying to calm him. "Because who the hell wouldn't want her?" His mate abruptly scrutinized him, and he rolled his eyes, muttering, "Don't go there. You know what I meant." His expression turning furious again, he started marching toward the door. "I'm going to have a talk with him."

Sighing, my nose wiggled. So much for being able to keep quiet...and the ear scratching had been so nice, too. I lifted on Ezra's chest, hopped to the floor, and raced in front of Jack. I bared my teeth for a second, stopping him, then sped into the bathroom. After shifting in privacy, since I still didn't bare all to all, I called, "He's bi, not g*y. When we were running, we met up with a drifter that's staying here. He's a wolf Shifter, too. They hit it off better than he and I did. End of story."

I shifted back. The hell with it. I wanted my damn ears scratched.

Tail still hanging, I left the privacy of the bathroom and jumped back onto my bed. Almost everyone was staring at me with shock - yeah, someone had turned me down - and I whined. They stopped gawking.

Ezra patted his chest - one of the few that had worn a carefully blank expression - and I whined a little from my melancholy as I got on him, turning in circles on his hard chest until I found a comfy way to lie. He ran his fingers through my fur and shook my head roughly, ordering, "Quit moping. There'll be more opportunities for an alpha." He paused. "Although, don't do it if they resemble Goliath. He really was too big for you."

"She's only moping because she's going through a dry spell," Nikki said, trying to be helpful. I closed my eyes in dismay. She noticed everything. Heard and saw way too much about a lot of people. Of course she had noticed that.

"I'm sorry?" Pearl asked, pausing the movie everyone had been ignoring. "What are you talking about?"

"Sugar, I don't think Lily even knows what a dry spell is," Jack muttered. "She's got more dick lined up than she knows what to do with." Crude, but factual.

"I didn't say she doesn't have her pick of Shifters," Nikki countered. "I said she hasn't been sleeping with them." She blinked in the quiet following that, and her mouth gradually shut as she ever so slowly recognized that might not have been information I wanted out there. Nervously, she glanced at me, mumbling, "You know, maybe, I..." She nodded. "I'm wrong. I remember that guy...um..." She trailed off, her mouth bobbing noiselessly.

Okay, she was officially worse at lying than Pearl.

I closed my eyes again. This evening had gone from bad to worse.

Silence.

"Perhaps she's sick," Gideon whispered. "It's not like a Shifter to not have sex." Pearl had never spilled the beans to him about me, but a Vampire had just as much friendliness as a Shifter.

"No. She wanted it an hour ago," Pearl mumbled, sounding thoughtful.

A rough shake of my head by powerful hands, and I blinked my blue eyes open to stare into green ones that were analyzing me before Ezra asked, "How long's it been, sweetheart?"

As if I could answer him. Not that I would.

His eyes darted to Nikki.

She mumbled, "The kids at school say the last person she slept with was Felix." She paused. "There's lots of talk about it." Her eyes met mine. She was even starting to look worried. "Did you fall for him?"

Everyone in the room froze, watching me.

All over again, Ezra shook my head, hard, and growled, "Shift." I stared at him and, slowly, he blinked, before grabbing the edge of my comforter and throwing it over us.

I shifted.

My face buried in my hair and Ezra's chest, I explained, "I didn't fall for Felix." I paused, licking my lips. "But, I'm not someone that sleeps with everyone and their brother." Another pause. "Although, I did push the extreme when I first started having sex again after Dominic died. And, even though I didn't fall for Felix, I realized I didn't want to sleep with someone who fell in love with me after one kiss. Felix reminded me of what it was like to be with someone strong-willed. I don't want to have a relationship with anyone, but whoever comes to my bed from now on is going to have their own mind and their own thoughts, not beg to know what mine are, so they can conform to them." I sighed. "Never mind. You guys won't understand. You're mated, and the only one that's not is a man-whore."

"Hey," Ezra grumbled instantly, sounding affronted, and grabbed a handful of my hair, lifting my head to stare me in the eyes. "I'm not a man-whore."

I snorted. "When was the last time you had sex?"

Instant. "Last night."

"And the time before that?"

"The night before."

"And, before that?"

"Three days before."

"And were any of those encounters with the same woman?"

"No." Black eyebrows were gradually furrowing.

"I rest my case," I muttered, tugging on my hair, which he didn't let go of.

His brows finished scrunching with a slam, before lowering deeply.

"I think it makes sense," Pearl stated. "Even though I'm mated, I remember what it was like to be single." She paused, and sighed - someone must have been giving her a look, but I couldn't see anything except Ezra's glower thanks to his hold. "She wants her lovers to be men in their own right. Not a bunch of pu**y followers." She made a gagging sound. "Who would want that in their bed, anyway?" A pause. "Other than Ezra. He doesn't have a preference."

His scowl intensified, his eyes rocking in her direction, and he grumbled, "You think I'm a man-whore, too?"

Immediate. "No. I don't." A short pause, then she whispered, "But, I do think you fill your bed to forget."

Silence.

His jaw clenched.

Damn, I hadn't even had the balls to say that.

Gideon cleared his throat loudly. "Who wants to finish watching the movie?"

Quickly, Nikki stated, "Let's put the other one in. It's a comedy." She busied herself doing just that, talking a mile a minute with her soft voice to fill the strained hush.

Ezra turned his head away from the television and shut his eyes, the action so desolate, hiding his face like that.

My heart swelled even further for him, knowing the obvious pain he tried to hide.

His hand had slacked in my hair, and I moved up, placing a gentle kiss against the corner of his mouth. His eyes opened, and I saw his pain there as he stared back. It was deep. So much more profound than he let on, keeping it tucked away much better than I fared.

His lids drooped closed, and he murmured, "Shift. I'll scratch your ears."

Shaking my head, I kissed his temple this time, whispering, "No. I think I'll pet you instead." I did just that, running my fingers through his spiked hair until he fell asleep.

Chapter Nineteen

Awakening.

If I had thought I was nervous before in the past four weeks, well, that was a joke.

Today, I had actually barfed three times throughout the first half of the day. With my stomach in knots, I had only stared at my pizza at lunch. Now, my friends were, literally, yanking me down the deserted hallways after failing to talk me into moving from the cafeteria bench when lunch was over.

"I'm gonna puke again," I mumbled, jerking with the tug Pearl gave my left arm.

"Again, huh?" Jack murmured, hands on my hips, shoving me from behind. "I thought she looked pale."

"Pale?" Ezra snorted, yanking on my right arm. "She looks like shit. The Kings are going to notice."

"I should run now," I mumbled, trying to plant my feet, which didn't work because Jack kicked the back of my knees, making me move forward. "Really. I should just go before I get anyone in trouble."

Pearl jerked my chin around. "They'll catch you if they think you're just trying to skip out on being Queen."

I blinked, my feet stumbling forward with their insistent hauling. "Are you saying they won't catch me if they think I'm running because of something else?"

"There's a real possibility of that." She nodded. "They've gotten to know you. You're someone to them now, not just a type."

Ezra rumbled, "They'd at least give her a head start before they let the hounds loose."

I whimpered, attempting to plant my feet again.

Ezra was done with this. He sighed heavily and moved too fast. The next second, I was over his shoulder with my stomach firmly planted against his shoulder, my head and arms dangling over his back.

Jack and Pearl were both left blinking as he marched down the hallway.

He swatted my butt when I started squirming. "You're going. Hold still and try not to puke on me." The puking thing was a real possibility upside down like this. He smacked my butt again. Harder. "That's for being a pu**y."

Jack and Pearl caught up with us as he stalked toward the gym, where the Kings waited.

With four Mys, one of each faction, ready to be Awakened.

The first four days of the week had mainly been used to train us...to keep a blank face.

Seriously.

The Kings had pretty much done everything possible, magically, or not so magically, to get us to crack and show emotion. It was very important not to show any type of reaction to someone's power level - no hurt feelings - after their Awakening, which was damn ironic with the way they had reacted at mine.

But, I was "unique". How special.

Also, I had been given a book to study in my off time. It was a book on Earth's animals worldwide. A Shifter's Awakening could result in any animal that was a bird or mammal as long as its primary habitat was land based, so I was required to know what they were in case there was ever any question.

We had also been educated on the reasons why an Awakening wouldn't work. Mainly, pregnancy for a Shifter woman. The reason for the overabundance of abstinence talks in my sex education class last year, even though Mrs. Fowler had still harped about it this year.

A possible pregnancy was a perfect example of the necessity for a blank face as a Shifter male tested a Shifter woman for pregnancy. I would never forget the stories the Kings had told us about multiple males - only the father of the baby knows by scent - being called for one female when the Shifter had been a smidge too promiscuous. In other words, forget blood tests. It takes too much of our precious time, so instead, we do it by good ol' fashioned scent if the pregnancy wasn't apparent, with no compunction for the embarrassed woman and man or men. In my opinion, Shifters got the bum end of the deal for Awakenings compared to any other Mys faction.

There was one other reason a Mys might not be able to go through an Awakening: if they were just too weak. I had never heard of this, and the Kings emphasized that in their entire reign they had only come across it three times. Ostensibly, there was no rhyme or reason for it. The explanation they had given was a comparison to the Com's infant mortality rate. Sometimes, nature just grabs hold and takes innocents.

This was the only valid reason I saw for embarrassing a Shifter to test for pregnancy immediately. I wouldn't want to assume the woman is in one category, but she is actually in another, and allow her to leave. It would only leave Mysticals who weren't as powerful as us to attempt the Awakening later for the weak Mystical who was standing on the precipice of living or dying.

King Fergus had glanced at me during that spiel. He had said he thought I was going to be their fourth for this sad circumstance. The three times they'd had to bring in added power to pull someone through an Awakening, it hadn't ended well. They had tried for almost three days straight - I couldn't even imagine the pain those Mysticals had suffered - to pull the Mys through, all to no avail. Those three had died within the year, falling into a coma and passing away in their sleep.

I had kept silent during the King's confessed prior concern. They knew I hadn't been weak when I had finally shifted, my powers going online at that time. I hoped they never revisited why it had been hard for me to shift, happy that they had chalked it up to an anomaly. Again, I was "unique".

Before we had entered the gym, Ezra had dumped me back on my feet - no Ceremony Arena this time for these four Awakenings. He had brushed my hair onto my face, ordering me not to look the Kings directly in the eye, since I looked so dreadful. He had also reminded me to stay far away from King Venclaire and King Kincaid because I stunk of fear. I had done exactly that, then Pearl and I had gone into the girls locker room - Jack had ordered Pearl to keep an eye on me to make sure I didn't run - to change into our black ceremonial robes.

Now, we were back in the gym. The Kings were already changed into their robes and the four guinea pigs were in their white robes and lined up next to each other. Truly, they were test subjects. They had volunteered to be our first. Our practice round, per se, and were fully aware it was, more than likely, going to hurt. A lot. Nonetheless, someone had to do it, and they had been brave enough to donate themselves to the cause.

Shifter male, Vampire male, air Elemental female, and Mage male. It wasn't the same for every Mystical. Elementals had to wait until they were nineteen or twenty, normally the last day of their sophomore year. Mages and Shifters had to be eighteen or nineteen and Vampires had to be sixteen to seventeen, their lower age due to their need for blood.

The only one I really knew was the Elemental. Had I stayed in the grade I had started the year at, I would have graduated with her in a few years, instead of graduating this year. Honestly, I really did like the girl. She wasn't the bad sort, so that made this even worse, knowing I might put her through agony without a real outcome - her Awakening.

"Prodigies, listen up," King Nelson stated calmly. All the Kings were abnormally solemn today. No jokes. No money being exchanged. Just somber faces, knowing what these four Mysticals were going to have to endure - even if I could be used as a vessel. "We went through this before. Each of these individuals' powers are beginning to peak, so when you push your Shifter, Vampire, Elemental, or Mage power into them, it will immediately attach itself to their power. And then, you pull. Pull their power so it physically touches your Core, then let go as soon as you feel it." Or you will put them through needless pain. He didn't say it now, but the Kings had said that just yesterday.

King Fergus glanced at each of us. "Just your raw power. That's all. No other push is needed. When you're on point, your own faction of Mys will call to their new sparking power."

This was exactly why I wasn't sure if I could vessel. I had two. Not one. The push might not work for just raw power without our will, both of which we had used in funneling through a Mystical of another faction.

King Kincaid said quickly, "Don't start the process until the other three are at max power after you're linked. Even the tiniest fluctuation of power during the process can be a distraction to the person on point and cause interference with the pull." And put them through needless pain. Again, not said, but heard.

"Any questions?" King Venclaire asked casually, his poker face the best right now out of all four Kings.

Pearl inhaled sharply. "How long is the average first try?"

We knew they kept logs on this.

"Around eight minutes for the first attempt," King Nelson said softly.

None of us looked at the four volunteers. We knew that meant eight minutes of the most horrific pain they had ever felt before. At our hands. Honestly, I was surprised the Kings didn't bring them in one at a time, so they couldn't hear each other's screams. The last person was going to be a mess by the time we - if we did -got to him or her. Although, I was ecstatic the Kings were making their families and friends stay in Mrs. Jonas's office until we were through. Witnessing the agony of test run Awakenings would have been too much for their loved ones to take.

Pearl and Jack and Ezra had me positioned farthest from the Kings, also, coincidently, the closest to the fire exit, leading directly outside. If I was unable to do this, I was to bolt immediately while they kept the Kings at bay, and meet with them in a week's time in a little restaurant two towns away. I hadn't mentioned where I would hide during that week, but I had places I could hunker down at. We would go from there with whatever strategy we came up with at that time.

"Any other questions?" King Kincaid asked.

We were shaking our heads right as Antonio raced into the gym. He slowed instantly, panting, and gave a little wave before climbing the stairs of the bleachers. I gawked at the man. He actually had a video camera in his hand. I wasn't sure what shocked me more: the fact that he even knew what a video camera was, or the fact that he was possibly filming my demise.

Typical Antonio.

"Well." King Venclaire was staring at Antonio, like the other Kings. "Let's begin." He ushered the Vampire volunteer forward first - probably because he was the youngest - directly in front of us. "This is Benedict Rochfort."

We nodded to him in greeting.

Unsurprisingly, he was staring at me.

I had never seen the guy before, but I knew he was shocked at my size. I wasn't even able to hide my face under the ceremonial robe like I had at my own Awakening, because King Kincaid had ordered my robe specially made for my smaller frame. There was, also, the fact that I looked like shit. I knew I was pale, but add in the sweat and my pounding heart, well, that probably didn't endear me to him, since he knew this was going to be painful anyway. Although, I had to give him his praise due because he calmly peered away from me after a few moments and looked over the rest of my much larger best friends. His heartbeat was a hell of a lot calmer than mine, and I tried to breathe evenly and relax before I started hyperventilating.

Ezra took a large step in his direction as King Venclaire took a hefty stride away.

It was show time.

Moving woodenly, I stepped behind Ezra, to his right, while Pearl moved directly behind him, and Jack moved behind on his left. I breathed deeply, and let my eyes glow like I knew my friends were doing as our power surged. A minuscule amount at first, just a tiny spark traveling to my palm. Another heavy inhale, then I rested my hand on Ezra's shoulder, feeling his warmth beneath the thin black silk, my sweaty palm gluing to his robe.

Ezra breathed heavily once, from the awkwardness of each of us touching him, before the instant serenity and warmth took over.

Concentrating closely on my Shifter power, making sure it was only Shifter power, I began gently pushing my raw power into him, Jack and Pearl doing the same, the Kings having assured us - unknown to them they were dealing with a hybrid - that it would be done exactly like funneling, except with power instead of will, and that the magical charge the point person experienced would be more intense.

Outwardly, it was, because Ezra grunted, his chin falling to his chest.

"Breathe through it," King Venclaire said softly, the other Kings now standing behind him. "It's what you need to pull him through the Awakening." They had said the pull was the hardest part to accomplish of the Awakening.

Ezra nodded jerkily, as I, and my friends, kept pushing raw power into him.

A few moments later, he asked quietly, "Are you all at max power?"

Pushing the last little bit remaining, I was still concentrating, and my eyes glowed brightly. "Yes."

Pearl and Jack repeated my answer.

Ezra muttered under his breath, "Thank God." A shallow breath in and out, and he lifted his hooded head. His eyes must have been shut before because when his face was completely lifted, the Vampire volunteer's face glowed with blinding spring green light, the guy blinking hard and furiously. Ezra raised his hand, placing it on Benedict's head.

To which, Benedict surprised us by jerking back and breaking the connection.

King Venclaire steadied the dazed guy when he teetered, still coaching Ezra the whole while. "Keep the power out of your hand until you're already touching him. The contact needs to be made before your enhanced power releases. You do it before and it'll shock him."

That would have been good to know beforehand, but the Kings were firm believers in experience. Now, I could see they were treating these volunteers as a grander experiment than I had initially thought. It didn't surprise me.

Ezra nodded stiffly, and raised his hand when Benedict stepped forward, albeit this time a little less calmly. He watched Ezra's hand progress warily, but when he didn't get "shocked" from the connection he closed his eyes, his face peaceful.

"Push, Ezra," King Venclaire murmured. "You'll feel it instantly."

Ezra was quiet for a moment, then he stiffened, his muscles bulging rock-solid under my hand.

"Good," King Venclaire continued speaking quietly. "Now, pull, but do not lose the link you have with him." He went silent. Watching. Same as the other Kings.

Too bad that wasn't what Benedict did. He arched, his shout flaying the air.

Ezra stepped forward, not letting his hand leave Benedict's forehead and, in turn, Jack, Pearl, and I had to move with him to keep connected, even as the guy dropped to his knees, screaming bloody murder, all of us having to bend at the waist.

The Kings gave no further instruction.

Ezra knew he was supposed to pull until Benedict's power touched his Core, so that was, seemingly, what he was doing as his massive body began trembling.

At least, I assumed that was what it was. Not me. Not my nature pulling him down.

The key was four powers. Always four. Add another one in and it screws things up. But, like with funneling, I could feel my Vampire side - my weaker side - dormant, like it was hibernating for this and letting the stronger magic overrun my body. I seriously hoped it was enough.

King Venclaire covertly glanced at his watch.

I could have told him it had been a minute and a half. I was counting in my head as the guy continued to scream. He had begun writhing on the ground in torment, but Ezra was keeping his head steady while we squatted around him, keeping our raw power at max.

At two minutes and twenty-three seconds, I felt Ezra's trembling body jolt.

He exhaled harshly, his muscles instantly relaxed...motionless.

"Let it go," King Venclaire ordered swiftly, dipping in Ezra's line of sight. "Let it go!"

Ezra sucked air, nodding languidly.

Abruptly, Benedict stopped screaming, his mouth still open from his last round of agony-induced shouts, so I got a close-up view as a pair of fangs magically grew from his normally flat, white teeth, and when he blinked, his eyes were glowing bright brown and his power charged the air.

I stared as a showcase of emotions swirled through my mind too quickly to process.

Holy shit! I had done it.

My vision went blurry...I fainted.

I woke to a Vampire's hiss.

Pearl and Jack yelling.

The Kings shouting. The loudest was King Kincaid. I had never heard his wolf growl as viciously between bellows as his wolf was now.

Heat bathed my front, but I was lying flat on my back on a hard, cold surface.

Rapidly blinking my eyes open, I stared in a daze at black material as more shouts erupted around me. The heat on my front intensified as the black blurred at me, then warm, massive arms were wrapping around me and lifting me off the ground I lay on, my feet dangling in the air. I sniffed, still in a stupor. The scent was familiar. It was Ezra, who was crushing me to his chest, his Vampire hissing violently.

"Pearl!" King Fergus shouted behind, and above, me. "Stop this! Right now!"

"No!" Pearl retorted, her voice cracking.

"Jack, let us through!" King Nelson roared. "What the hell do you think you're doing?"

"Screw off!" Jack shouted instantly, his voice strained.

King Kincaid's wolf growled so loudly it hurt my ears.

Ezra's Vampire hissed just as fiercely.

Sluggishly, I lifted my hand, unable to see anything except Ezra's chest, and pulled lightly on his ear. "What's going on?"

Silence.

All shouting and growling and hissing stopped dead.

Ezra gently drew my face away from his chest, his glowing gaze on my face.

I blinked hazy eyes across the room.

Jack had a ring of translucent, blue water surrounding King Nelson, who looked furious, and King Venclaire, who was merely standing in the middle of it with his arms crossed.

Pearl had King Fergus inside a golden bubble suspended about ten yards in the air, who didn't appear too happy, either.

King Kincaid was in shifted wolf form about five yards from us with his teeth bared at Ezra and me...or, maybe, just Ezra, since his Vampire had been hissing.

"What's going on?" I asked again, blinking, peering farther back in the gym, and saw Antonio sitting on the bleachers, appearing amused as hell, recording whatever had happened, but below him on the gym's floor level were four freaked out Mys volunteers. One of them sporting fangs and glowing brown eyes. "Oh! Oh my God!" Memories bombarded me.

The Awakening! I had done it!

I peered up at Ezra, whose fangs were also showing, and grinned hugely. "I did it!"

His face was slowly turning from scary-furious to normal. "You were unconscious." He might now look like he was fine, but his voice held a very real worry.

I blushed brightly, mumbling, "I just fainted." I picked at his robe, embarrassed, pulling at it a few times. "I was...overwhelmed." A quick thought to the Kings listening in, and I added, "The Awakening's huge. I was nervous." Truth.

Jack's hands lowered, and the ring of water disappeared. "You fainted? Like a girl?"

Pearl had already lowered King Fergus, and she was wiping tears off her face as she grumbled hotly, "She is a girl, you moron." She stomped in my direction, and shoved my shoulder hard, blubbering, "You scared me." Another shove of my shoulder, then she was hugging me around Ezra's hold on me, bawling like a babe.

I patted her shoulder awkwardly, because of Ezra, but I hushed her, worrying a smidge about our "no touching" policy, and, ever so slowly, it dawned on me. My friends had thought my unconscious state had been because of my hybrid nature. From what had been happening, it appeared as if they had been protecting me. Keeping the Kings away from me. As Jack pulled Pearl away, comforting her, I muttered quickly, "I really did just faint. That's all."

Still in wolf form, King Kincaid took another lurking step forward, his teeth bared.

Ezra completely ignored him to shake me in his hold, all but shouting, "When was the last time you ate? You don't just faint like that! I know you didn't eat lunch, so when was your last meal?"

That stopped me, as I rubbed my ear closest to his mouth. I hadn't eaten breakfast because my stomach had been in knots. Dinner last night...nope, too busy and too nervous, but I had drank from Jack. I had skipped lunch the day before, dealing with one of my touch-friendly subjects. "It's been awhile." No wonder every time I had puked today it had been...unpleasant.

His Vampire growled, but he sat me on my feet gently. He was unexpectedly gone. A second later the gym door banged open and closed.

Stunned, I gawked at his speed.

Swiftly, King Kincaid was rubbing against me, his furred body warm as he circled me, growling a little with the movement. Protective and pissed, he was marking his territory. I guess I should have been happy he wasn't peeing on me. He was my King, and I was his subject. Not only that, his wolf considered me as part of his family. I really was surprised he hadn't attacked Ezra.

King Nelson marched to Jack and Pearl. "Why did you stop us from helping her?"

"Yes, please explain," King Fergus ordered through clenched teeth.

"Er..." Pearl, dear God, Pearl, the atrocious liar, began fumbling, "You see, we-"

Jack stepped in front of her and cut her off, stating factually, "We knew she wasn't feeling well before. She was really nervous." He shrugged. "She's our friend. We wanted to help her. We were afraid you might be upset with her." Not really great excuses, but he had kept it truth to all, not stupid enough to be dishonest with King Kincaid in his wolf form and able to scent deception easily.

King Venclaire was staring at the door Ezra had disappeared through, but he murmured calmly, "We wouldn't have yelled at her for fainting." A quick glance to me, then back to the door. "Although, you really need to take better care of yourself. I know the Awakening can be nerve-racking the first time, but not eating beforehand was inadvisable and foolish."

King Nelson still looked furious, and he pointed directly at Jack's face. "Don't ever try that on me again." His finger swung to Pearl. "And don't you ever use your powers against a King, or Elder, if they've done nothing wrong." He frowned. "You know better than that."

King Fergus stretched, popping his back. "She didn't hurt me. She just stopped my progress." He shot Pearl a swift, cross glance. "Be grateful I didn't retaliate." Quickly, she nodded, and he turned his glare on Jack. "Do that again, and I'll have you digging wells with only a shovel, and magically filling them, for the next month."

Jack nodded promptly.

King Kincaid had positioned himself right in front of me, growling at anyone who happened to take a step in our direction. I scratched behind his ears absently, and he leaned against me further, almost resulting in me falling he was so gigantic, so when the gym door banged open and closed again, and Ezra was abruptly at my side, it startled King Kincaid enough that he lunged at Ezra when he appeared.

Luckily, King Venclaire was on the ball and had already disappeared from where he stood and, suddenly, smashed into Ezra, knocking him back and out of the way from King Kincaid's sharp teeth, which only missed Ezra's side by less than an inch. The room silent, King Kincaid crouched, growling, while King Venclaire whispered softly to the furious wolf, slowly taking the sandwich Ezra had in his hand, holding it out.

The growling stopped, and King Kincaid sniffed. Gradually, he leaned forward and gently bit into the sandwich, bringing it to me. I removed it from his mouth, careful not to hit any of his sharp teeth, and he plunked down in front of me, baring his teeth at Ezra, who stood still with a carefully blank face.

However, Ezra being Ezra, he muttered harshly, "Eat that, because if you faint from stupidity again, I won't catch your ass next time." He glared.

I bit into my gifted sandwich with vigor.

The Kings gave us a fifteen-minute break. I didn't think it was because I had fainted. The break was for the volunteers, who were really freaked from what they had seen in the first Awakening, and then, afterward. Also, King Kincaid needed time to compose himself.

No one wanted to go near him. That much was obvious, since they were giving me - him - a wide berth. Ten minutes into our break, after I stood motionless, allowing him to know I was fine, he lifted a smidge - he didn't have to go far - on his back legs and gave my face a big lick. As I was wiping drool off my cheek, he trotted to where Ezra, Pearl, and Jack were talking quietly. Stopped. Turned his head toward Ezra, silently bared his teeth - Pearl's and Jack's mouths twitched - and then, finished trotting to where his robe was and shifted.

Turning away from seeing him butt naked, I strolled to my friends and mumbled another simple apology, not embellishing, with the Kings in the gym, on why I had fainted. The sandwich had already made me feel better, but I knew it had also been bottled anxiety and overwhelming relief that had made me faint. Plus, they already knew I had been a bundle of nerves earlier.

Now, I was fairly bouncing on the balls of my feet as they grumbled complaints in my direction. All complaints geared toward the fact I had worried them. If we hadn't been in front of everyone I would have hugged them, but we were, so, instead, I nodded, failing miserably to keep the grin off my face.

I did it! I did it!

In fact, I broke down and did a little happy dance. Couldn't be helped.

My friends stopped complaining. Stared. It was like it dawned on them that...I had done it! Then, they were chuckling, and properly vibrating with energy, too. I had done the impossible! I had broken the barriers! No babies needed to be offed because of some stupid, old ass Law, which held no basis whatsoever.

Hybrids could, in fact, do an Awakening. Therefore, the Mys race could continue with them. I wanted to shout to the rafters in delight and excitement! Maybe, it was evolution that had changed hybrids since thousands of years ago or, perhaps, it was just fear our ancestors had experienced that made them create the Law, but hybrids were not what ancient Mysticals had claimed. A hybrid was here to stay - not a plight on the Mys community - when I finally had my say, or demand, and I most definitely would when my dictate held as much value as it was loud.

"We're ready to begin," King Venclaire interrupted our unsaid mini-celebration, "If you four would be so kind?"

Moseying across the gym to the Kings, I grinned at Antonio sitting on the bleachers.

Still filming, he peered around the video camera and smiled, giving me a proud nod.

I did it!

King Venclaire startled me from behind, placing his hands on my shoulders and turning me to the left, murmuring, "Pay attention. It's your turn." A squeeze of my shoulders, then he moved away as King Kincaid brought over the Shifter volunteer.

My friends stood behind me as King Kincaid glared directly over my head at Ezra, whom I heard growl a little in his throat, obviously getting irritated. Hell, I was, too, since King Kincaid had no true basis for the real frustration riding him, but nothing could bring my mood down. Not even after the Shifter was hidden under his robe on the floor, and I knelt, my friends quickly touching me and giving me that god-awful jolt.

Warmth came directly after when we made our link. As they pushed their power into me, my own rose with theirs. I jerked, but quickly steadied myself. It felt like I could run across the entire United States of America and not even be winded. Our combined power was hard to control it was so potent. It built inside me like a ticking time bomb, and I knew I was shaking slightly when I whispered hoarsely, "You guys there?"

All three squeezed where they touched me in answer.

Careful not to put any of this god-fearing power into my hand yet, I reached through the hole of the volunteer's hooded robe. Touching the Shifter's head, I made it a point to take a firm grip on his hair. The Vampire had thrashed around, and this guy, more than likely, would do the same. Feeling Ezra bend over my back, I paused, listening to him whisper, "They didn't tell us this, but don't pull hard. That's what I did wrong. It's difficult, because you'll want to, but pull gently, like taking a tiny spark and making it grow larger, just faster than normal. If you pull all at once his power will fight yours." That was seriously going to be damn near impossible with the amount of power flowing in me wanting to strike.

Nodding jerkily, I pushed my amped Shifter power through my palm. I choked for a heartbeat as the power unleashed, but quickly stifled when I felt the Shifter volunteer's wild animal magic slam against my own, automatically attracted and attaching to my point power.

I pulled.

Too hard, damn it.

The guy screamed as my rocketing power was unleashed on his.

Ezra had been right. I literally felt his magic try to pull away from mine, instinctively protecting itself from the greater pull. Breathing calmly, I pushed back instead of pulling, and he quieted again, trembling under my hand.

I tried again, learning from my mistakes. Struggling with the method, because it was new, I fumbled more than a bit but, eventually, I only let a pinpoint of my power from the center of our connection pull back, like mine was tricking his with an allure that it couldn't deny, since his power was attracted to my magic. His followed. As I pulled and widened the pinpoint in fast increments, it was like a tornado, but upside down, the pinpoint traveling up my arm with the larger opening at my palm.

He did scream, but I moved the magic quickly, memorizing the approach for future use. Our attached magics moved past my shoulder, and aimed straight for my Core. When it hit, just that tiny little point, directly against my Core, it was similar to the warmth that occurred when the four of us were merely linked. But, with the extra power push floating inside me, the sensation was that much more amplified. Sublime serenity.

Against my body's tranquil objection, I quickly broke the connection, yanking my power back, feeling the awesome power of the four of us blow through my frame once more.

His scream mutated to a whinny, and my hand slid off his head as he rapidly shifted.

His robe lifting high above where we squatted, Pearl, Jack, and Ezra gently, but quickly, tamped their power down, mine going with it, and the three of them released me.

Seeing the hooves in plain view, since shifted he was freaking huge, his robe only covering his head and back, I blinked and cocked my head, smiling, already knowing exactly what he was with the extensive white feathering on his legs. Rising from my squat, I yanked the robe off him. Remembering at the last minute not to show any emotion, I stated factually, "You're a Clydesdale horse."

Thanks to Ezra's advice, mine had only taken forty-five seconds.

I grinned at him.

To which he lifted a sardonic eyebrow, but the corners of his mouth curved slightly.

After giving counsel to Pearl, hers only took thirty seconds, even when she messed up at first too, the sensation one that had to be manipulated and learned.

With our words of wisdom given to Jack, his took a mere fifteen seconds with only a minimal scream out of the Elemental I was partial to. Although, I didn't like her so much after she about blew us back against the bleachers - an air Elemental - when her power flared from her outstretched hands, the normal pose for an Elemental Awakening.

The Kings' lips twitched at that. Another lesson they had wanted us to learn.

Lesson: bare down at an air Elemental's Awakening.

I was afraid to ask about a fire Elemental. What were we supposed to do? Wear flameproof robes? Or just duck? It was something I would have to ask Jack later, since he had seen it before at his Awakening. Or, even simpler, I could put in the request they raise their palms up, instead of directly at us, the idea having merit. Better than being soaked, burned, buried, or blown away.

The Kings allowed us leave after that, nodding approvingly and high-fiving each other for "teaching" us so well. Whatever.

School wasn't out yet, and because it was the last day with finals still occurring, the hallways were quiet as we left early, bodyguards following. I stretched as we exited King Hall, and then raced to my Hummer, ready to be able to have a real conversation. My friends chuckled behind me, jogging to catch up.

As soon as we were driving outside the front gates, I gripped the steering wheel tight, squealing, "I did it! I did it!" I sucked air, groaning deep, "I did it!"

From the backseat, Jack moaned in good humor, "God, she faints like a girl. She squeals like a girl. What's next? Does she want praise like a girl?"

Peering at him in my rear-view mirror, I saw his grin. "Yes. I do." I mock scowled, but whispered seriously, "Do you know how hard it was for me to go in there and even try?"

"Hard enough you forgot to eat," Ezra grumbled, but a second later he placed his hand on my thigh, chuckling softly. "Sweetheart, you were very brave." A gentle squeeze, his words soft. "I don't know anyone else who would have gone in front of four Kings and tried to do an Awakening if they were in your shoes." Another squeeze. "You did good."

Pearl's hand landed on my elbow - below window level - and she whispered breathlessly, "That was so amazing! I was so scared there for a second, but you did it! You walked," she paused, and amended, "you were pushed right into that gym and had the balls to go for it! That bloody rocks."

Jack's hand landed right above hers. "Seriously, Lily, what you did today was kickass."

I smiled, feeling truly content. The way I always did around them. "Thank you, guys." I paused, and then my tone was soft. "And, thank you for protecting me when you thought I'd fainted for other reasons." A quick glance at each of them. "Seriously, you guys are the best."

Jack chuckled, rubbing my arm before releasing me. "You would have done the exact thing if the roles were reversed."

I nodded. "Duh. I love your ass."

He groaned again, but I saw him smiling in the rear-view.

Pearl patted my arm again before sitting back. "We need to celebrate. We're done with King Hall. No more classes. No more teachers."

Ezra rubbed his thumb over my leg and pointed with his free hand across me, his arm obscuring my line of sight for a second. "There. Let's grab some grub and head to the beach for a few hours."

My stomach growled on command. Sounded like a plan.

Now, if we went to the beach, we did so on private property. We had promised the Kings we would do so, and since none of us wanted to be caught on national television killing Coms again, we actually obeyed the rule. Plus, this was one of the few privileges afford us during our extensive "grounding" and we didn't want it taken away.

We picked up food and our swimsuits, and went to the assigned older Mage's beachfront house. I really liked the old man, Richard. He always had tons of junk food in his cabinets when we dropped by. Also, I think he enjoyed our company too, since his mate had died many years ago. He was a recluse, and definitely off, his scent even corked, but that didn't mean he didn't chatter up a storm whenever we were there, and his magic felt mighty powerful. Sweet and innocent gramps look-a-like or not, his power was astounding.

After filling our bellies in his kitchen, he herded us out back, babbling merrily, "Shadows aren't always innocent, vegetarians aren't always sweet, not everyone enjoys killing, opposites inevitably attract, emotions can be destructive and deadly, never ask a favor from someone you don't know, the dead stink, kill any bastard with silver skin, children are a true gift, with dark comes light, Commoners can advance, dragons from children's fairy tales are my favorite creature, time keeps moving, innocence doesn't mean innocent, the mighty fall head over heels, and remember you're young." A shooing gesture. "Go act like it while you can."

We stared. Yeah, definitely off.

More hand shooing in our direction.

So, we did.

Pearl and I sunbathed lying on beach towels over warm sand.

Ezra swam so far out he looked like a tiny dot in the ocean, and then zoomed back to the beach in ten seconds flat, only to repeat this multiple times, the equivalent of a Vampire doing laps.

And, what does a water Elemental do around the ocean?

Cause trouble, that's what.

Jack enjoyed making a wave swell up over Pearl and me when we were almost asleep, and then, fall down on us. He also delighted in making Ezra shoot up from the ocean in a spray of water. Moreover, he found it extremely entertaining, immediately following this, constructing a grand throne of water a few feet into the ocean that he sat on high above us so we couldn't reach him when we tried to pummel him.

All in all, it was a perfect afternoon.

Other than the seaweed I had to pull out of my hair.

Chapter Twenty

That evening, the Kings, my friends, their mates, and I sat inside King Fergus's house for an early dinner. Graduation was planned for the next morning. Very early, so we were all going home directly after our meal to get a good night's rest. The Kings had switched it up this year, not having graduation for the seniors the same night as the last day of school with the Awakenings directly afterward. Because of the four of us. For this year, the change was worldwide, every scheduled Awakening happening tomorrow to coincide with our schedule.

Instead of the normal short evening graduations and Awakenings, it was going to be a full-day event, starting early because an influx of Mysticals was coming to our big day. Mysticals from all over the United States of America, and even several from other countries, would be in attendance, endeavoring to see the Prodigies' "first" Awakenings and, generally, there to ogle us. Since there were going to be so many attending, the Kings decided it would be advantageous for us to be introduced to those in attendance with a small celebration between our graduation and the Awakenings. Even though I couldn't be happier with what I had pulled off today, tomorrow's event wasn't entirely a pleasant thought.

King Kincaid couldn't be more cheerful about it, though, which he expressed for, like, the third time before the salads were even placed in front of us. Somehow, he knew it hadn't worked out between Broderick and me, the wolf drifter having been booted from the mansion that night, so he was hopeful I would meet someone tomorrow. I couldn't say I disagreed with his eager thought, but I was hopeful for a different reason than him. He thought I was having lots of no-no sex with a Vampire, when - in the land of reality - my reason was I wasn't having any sex, and hadn't for way too long for my needs.

Pearl and Jack found King Kincaid's behavior entirely entertaining as he said, "It's truly delightful so many Shifters will be there tomorrow." For the fourth time. Fi gave him an odd look, but he didn't seem to notice, taking a sip of his wine and peering at me, smiling grandly. "Don't you think so, Lily? Imagine all the Shifter alphas you'll meet."

Since he had actually brought me into this, I deadpanned, "It'll be a real marathon."

Jack, Pearl, and Ezra choked on their drinks.

King Kincaid merely patted my hand, his grin widening, even as he muttered under his breath, "Let's hope so."

King Venclaire coughed hard - Vamp hearing - while glancing at Ezra, who was studiously wiping his mouth with his napkin (when he hadn't eaten anything yet), his eyes crinkled with mirth as he hid his grin. King Venclaire quickly raised his glass as everyone eyed King Kincaid strangely, saying, "Let's have a toast." Everyone obediently raised their own glasses. "To our Prodigies. Even though they only broke one of our records," he smirked as the other three Kings high-fived each other over the table, "they did fantastic." His grin widened. "Let's have each King say their favorite part of the Prodigies' training." A nod toward King Fergus. "Feel free to go first."

King Fergus rubbed his chin, and then sniggered. "My favorite would have to be watching them fly through the air for the first time. Their expressions were incomparable."

The Kings nodded, all smiles.

Lowering my glass, I rolled my eyes. Here we go again. Kings and their pleasures.

My friends followed suit, glaring or looking bored or picking at their nails.

King Nelson said, "I think the high point was seeing Pearl tackle Jack after their first attempt at linking in preparation for funneling." He chuckled, bowing his head to Jack. "You can really take a hit."

The Kings snickered.

King Kincaid cleared his throat, offering, "My much loved part was when Jack tackled her in return." A head bow to Pearl. "You don't scream at all like a girl."

"More like a banshee," King Fergus grumbled, rubbing his ear as if he still heard it.

In his defense, it had been...bad.

"Ah, that leaves me," King Venclaire murmured, chortling. "I think the most entertaining incident was when Lily shoved Ezra into the deep end of the pond after that one monstrous attempt at linking."

Instantly, my cheeks pinked. That hadn't been my finest moment.

The Kings snorted merrily, probably remembering Ezra dragging himself out of the pond with a catfish stuck under the collar of his shirt, then moving so fast I didn't see him coming and dropping the damn fish down my top, to which I had probably screamed like a girl.

Alright yeah, I had. It was all slimy and flipping and gross.

Fi sighed heavily, eyeing her mate from under her lashes.

King Kincaid stopped snickering, clearing his throat and holding his glass out straight. "In all seriousness, here's to our Prodigies." Warily, I held my glass up for a second time, but only after my friends did so first. "Even though all four of you are lollygagging with your individual choice of home base," his eyebrows rose at our swift innocent expressions, "which I'm sure we'll hear the reason for soon enough - even if we don't want to. Besides that, all of you have done a tremendous job this year.

"The circumstances haven't been easy with all that has passed, but you've prevailed and learned and worked hard, truly impressing us." We blinked at him, and he nodded. "Yes, you've impressed us. I do believe when the four of you become the Kings and Queens that your reign will flourish as none have before. All four of you are utterly remarkable. It has been a pleasure knowing and teaching you."

All occupants at the table, minus my friends and myself, began clinking glasses, shouting, "Hear, hear!"

I was stunned by his words, but they had been truth to all. I had scented the air halfway through to make sure. My friend's demeanors showed the same shock I was in, but we quickly got with the program and toasted along with everyone else. Guess the Kings didn't hate us so much, after all.

Halfway through dinner, King Kincaid received a call on his cell, and he left the room for a few minutes. When he came back, his eyebrows were lowered and his nostrils were flared. Pretty much, he looked pissed. He sat heavily on his chair, flicking his gaze to each of the Kings, and in return they quieted in whatever conversations they were having. King Kincaid closed his eyes for a few moments before turning to me, stating, "Your graduation present has vanished."

I stared. I had no clue what he was talking about.

"When?" King Venclaire delicately placed his napkin on the table.

King Kincaid's attention turned his way. "Yesterday. Just gone. His secretary got worried when he didn't show for work today, and called his house. The housekeeper said he hadn't been home since early yesterday morning. Elder Farrar knows he went to work that day, but after that his whereabouts are unknown. There's even been a missing persons report filed."

King Fergus glowered. "Well," he rubbed his neck, pausing, "if he's dead that's more than what we were going to do." Another rub. "This could be a blessing."

Gradually, King Nelson nodded. "If he were dead, it would be blessing."

King Kincaid's eyebrows lowered. "I wanted that ass**le behind bars. Not to have someone else kill him for me unknowingly."

King Venclaire sat back on his chair, crossing his arms. "Missing doesn't mean dead. Plus, he is a grown man. He could have had an emergency he needed to take care of and hasn't had time to call his office." He waved an agitated hand. "We could still get revenge."

I blinked, finally understanding. "You're talking about Philip Masterson." His name came out on a wolf's growl. After being assaulted by him...well, I hoped he was dead and not just missing or had an emergency. Dammit, the Kings had said they had something special planned for him.

"I'm sorry, honey," King Kincaid crooned softly, placing his arm around me and pulling me in close. "We had it all arranged. Tomorrow, there's a Com function in the city. We had a Com woman we know, and trust, who was set to be bait. In a recorded room. After he started trying the same abuse on her he did you - security was going to be close so she wouldn't really be harmed - she was going to press charges, using the tape. Put him behind bars." He sighed heavily. "It really was our graduation present. We know how much this meant to you."

Hell, yes, it did. I wanted that ra**st taken care of. I didn't give a damn whether it was a Com or Mys he attempted assaulting in the future, the type of person unimportant to me. Point blank, I just didn't want him doing it to another woman. Not really able to speak because I was too upset, I just wrapped my arms around King Kincaid.

King Nelson leaned over the table and actually touched me, patting my arm and saying softly, "When he resurfaces, no matter what, he'll eventually be taken care of. I give you my word." His smile was small. "Even if it takes two bullets."

King Kincaid, King Fergus, and King Venclaire quickly reiterated his vow.

Nodding, I gently pulled away from King Kincaid, and stared gloomily at my food. It didn't appear so appetizing anymore. Picking up my fork, I pushed around the remains on my plate more than I ate. I could only hope Philip was dead and not fleeing from anything else heinous he may have done.

Dessert arrived. Even in the crummiest of moods, I always ate my sweets. Especially any type of ice-cream. It was apple pie. With a huge scoop of vanilla ice-cream on the side for those who didn't like to mix. Dessert was balm for the soul.

Too quickly, I scraped the bottom of my plate, the last of the cinnamon goodness gone.

Ezra asked, "Lily, do you want the rest of mine?"

Attention snapping in his direction, I stared. Nodded.

Rising from his chair, he carried his plate to me, and took my empty one back with him.

I gazed down at the gifted dessert for a good minute, watching the ice-cream melt even further. He hadn't touched it, and I knew he loved apple pie. Normally, he was a bottomless pit, even more so than me. I blinked, peering up at him, but he was already talking with Gideon. Another blink, and I realized that, even though conversation was being carried all across the table, King Venclaire and King Kincaid were both covertly staring at me.

My eyes darted between them, and I quickly gazed back at the dessert, grabbing my spoon. I sat it back down. Cocking my head, I studied the plate...and had to hold back a grin.

Written with apple pie sauce - probably with his spoon it was so terrible - on the side of the plate in teeny-tiny scrawl was: Fair. I had once said life wasn't fair as I donated my blood as a treat to him and drank bagged blood to compensate, being a best friend. He was doing the same now. At a prime time when I needed it, too.

I picked up my spoon once more, peering at him through the veil of my hair.

His eyes met mine, and I nodded my head slightly. Thank you.

He blinked slowly. You're welcome.

Then, he looked away, and I dug in.

Christ, I was running late. I had been doing so much better at being on time, too. Go figure, the big day of graduation and Awakenings, I had overslept. Luckily, my friends were taking their own cars today. The graduation was going to be held on the back lawn of King Hall, instead of the gym where it normally was, thanks to the size of today's crowd.

As for the crowd, they sure weren't helping my tardiness.

Tapping my fingers on the steering wheel, I waited in the long procession of cars to get through the gated front entrance. I was almost there, but "almost" in traffic easily meant another twenty minutes. Sighing heavily, I considered the view before me, regarding the impressive grounds of King Hall. After today, I wouldn't be back here for some time, like, roughly twenty years.

I couldn't say I was too disappointed, but there was something about seeing the place that had been such a monumental part of my life changing. If I had never gone here, I wouldn't have met my mate. If I hadn't gone here, I wouldn't be the Prodigy Shifter. If I hadn't gone here, I never would have met my best friends. So, yeah, the place I had dreaded had altered my life, but not in all bad ways, so I gave it a good perusal for memory's sake as I eventually bypassed the valets, who waved me on when they saw the bodyguard detail in front of and behind me.

I parked in my normal place at the back of the parking lot under a large oak, the spot empty. No one ever parked there. They knew it was mine. There were some perks to my position.

Grabbing my large duffel bag with my graduation gown, ceremonial gown, dress and heels, and make-up, I slung it over my shoulder and started hauling ass to the entrance. I swerved in and out of parked cars and, mostly, tried to keep my head down so I wasn't noticed and stopped. I didn't have time to chat or let Shifters touch right now. I needed to hurry and change clothes to meet with the Kings, my friends, and their families, who were visiting before graduation began.

However, I stalled on the sidewalk, doing a double-take of the next couple pulling up to the curb a few feet away. My guards also stopped, but I waved a hand, murmuring, "Give me a second." All obeyed, backing away a few feet to line the school building as I shoved through the mass of Mysticals congregating on the sidewalk just as the car stopped, a smile curving my lips. I knew I had correctly recognized them, because it was them.

Ezra's parents.

Having seen that one photo on his desk, I saw that they looked exactly the same. His dad was Native American and his mom was Caucasian. Both were imposing and beautiful, and as his dad got out of their car, I could see where Ezra had acquired his bulking muscles. The man was enormous.

Quickly stepping forward, I offered my hand. "Hello! You're Ezra's parents. It's a pleasure to meet you both." Ezra's mom quickly glanced at me, smiled, nodded once, then peered away as Ezra's dad lifted his hand to mine. "I'm-"

"Don't scratch her," he ordered, cutting me off. "She's new. Make sure you park her in the shade." He released my hand.

In my palm was a set of keys and a ten-dollar bill.

I blinked, glancing from side-to-side, and saw the valets were wearing a similar outfit to me. Black pants, black shirt, and a black ball cap. The real valet's eyes next to me went wide - he, obviously, knew who I was, and he quickly handed Ezra's dad a numbered ticket. I was pretty sure my jaw was still hanging as they walked past, not glancing at me again, and his mom leaned toward his dad, linking her arm with his.

I heard her whisper, "They're letting Coms on the grounds today? Unbelievable."

Delicately, the valet took the keys from my motionless outstretched hand, mumbling hastily, "Keep the money. You earned it." He quickly hightailed it away from me.

I was left standing there blinking, wondering how that had gone so wrong, when Aros and Felix stepped on either side of me. As of this morning, they were officially part of my detail, with school now out. Aros patted my shoulder, offering, "Your hair's back in a ponytail, hidden under a ball cap. They probably couldn't see you properly." Also, I was masking my power, which I did normally now.

Felix snorted, but stated factually, "You're late. Remember?"

"Shit," I breathed, and turned, trucking it inside. I really needed to hurry and, besides, I would get the chance to meet them again in, like, ten minutes, or something like that. Pretty much however long it took me to finish getting ready in the locker room.

Hiking up the red graduation robe I wore, which was identical to the black ceremonial robe, thrilled I was able to wear clothing under this one, I raced to the administration building, heading for Mrs. Jonas's office where the familial meet-and-greet was located. I had taken a little longer than I had wanted to in getting ready - fifteen minutes more - so I really was officially late, not just going to be late, like I had been before.

My guards chased after me across the lawn. The mad dash probably appeared like a twisted version of a children's tale, since they wore black fatigues while I resembled a frantic madwoman, red robe fluttering about in the breeze. At least in this situation I was the wolf.

While they stopped, waiting outside, I slammed through the administration building's front doors. A quick wave to the receptionist, then I was stopping to take in a few calming breaths before I hit Mrs. Jonas's office. Running a hand through my hair, I rolled my shoulders, and dug into my pocket before entering. The office was packed.

By some means, I still managed to see King Kincaid sniff the air, then glance in my direction with a demeanor of exasperation. Smiling sheepishly, I maneuvered my way along the edges of the room to stand next to him. He bent to my level, whispering, "Did anyone see you run across the lawn?"

Probably the entire mass of people behind the main building seated for graduation.

"I'm sure they were looking the other way." At least, the ones with the cameras had been, since they were aimed at the stage. In my opinion, those were the most important.

King Kincaid sighed heavily, then glanced behind me over my head, staring, only to sigh deeply all over again before straightening to his full height and running his hands down his suit jacket, smoothing it down when it was already so.

At my back a few beats later, King Venclaire murmured, "Lily, how nice of you to finally join us." A pause, and I could have sworn he chuckled. "I'd like you to meet Ezra's parents." He said, probably to them, "As you know, Lily Ruckler is King Kincaid's Prodigy."

As they murmured something or another to King Venclaire, I saw Ezra advancing from the side. It looked like he was coming from where a table full of breakfast foods had been set up in the corner because he had two croissants in hand. I really wanted one, but I refrained from going there now to turn and meet his parents. Again.

Both physically jerked when I faced them.

They stared.

His mom's jaw flat out dropped while his dad's jaw clenched.

"Mom. Dad." Ezra stopped beside me. "This is Lily. I've mentioned her to you guys before." He held a croissant out to me, biting into his own and grinning evilly at them. "It's rude to stare. At least, that's what you've always told me."

Accepting the proffered croissant with one hand, I offered his dad what I had dug out of my pocket before coming in here with the other. "Here's your ten-spot back." I bit into my gifted croissant, and smiled sweetly as I chewed.

His dad sucked in a breath, making his enormous chest even more impressive, and gently took the money, his eyes hard on me.

Ezra groaned, "Do I want to know why they gave you money?"

"We thought she was the valet!" his mom confessed, appearing mortified.

I pointed around my croissant. "And a Com."

Eyes closing, her face flushed prettily.

Ezra protested gently, "You two have seen her on television."

Her hand fluttered about her head. "She had on a hat."

I chuckled, extending my hand again. "Let's do this right. I'm Lily Ruckler, soon-to-be badass Queen Shifter." I cocked my head. "I've seen the picture of you guys, but I don't know your names." Hint, hint. I'm trying here. Take my damn hand.

His mom did take it after a hefty sigh, saying, "I'm Vivian Zeller. Please accept my apologies for being utterly uncouth earlier. It's lovely to meet you."

After reciprocating, I held my hand in his dad's direction. In the picture, he had been happily smiling with his son and his mate but, right now, he was scrutinizing me pretty hard. By degrees, he raised his hand, and took mine in a crushing grip, so much so that if I weren't a Shifter and able to squeeze back, it probably would have broken my fingers. Casually, he asked, "Badass?"

"That's me." I smiled, and crushed his hand just a smidge more.

He grunted, sounding a hell of a lot like his son. "I'm Cahal Zeller." He smiled, same as me. I think it meant the same as what mine had subtly conveyed. "What picture were you referring to?"

I blinked, discerning that if I said, Oh, you know, the one in your son's bedroom, that might not go over too well, so I stated, "One of the pictures on his cell." My heart didn't even stutter at the lie. Go me.

"You must have a good eye, noticing us as you did earlier," he murmured, unrelenting on his punishing grip. Not only was he abnormally strong for a Vampire, like his son, he was also powerful. It kind of leaked off him, he had so much.

Cocking my head, I tried gauging his age. "Yes. I'm good with faces." I had a bad feeling I should probably know who this man was. I thought back through my history books.

When it clicked a second later, I about dropped. Goddamn!

Faces, yes. Names, obviously, not so much.

Zeller.

And...my last name should be moron.

I had skimmed past that part on him, because I had thought it a fluke - surely, Ezra would have told me - and studied up on...ah, it never failed. He arrived. The object of my focus in that colossal section of coursework.

Antonio stopped behind Cahal, thumping a heavy hand on his shoulder. "Cahal, you trying prick, it's good to see you!"

Cahal didn't release my hand, watching me still, but his lips thinned, saying, "Hello to you, too, Antonio. I'm just meeting the soon-to-be badass Queen Shifter."

Jesus, I had to have said that to him.

Ezra placed a hand on top of our joined ones - they were both turning purple - and I felt a spark of his power pulse from his palm as he said quietly, "You can let her go now, dad."

I didn't jerk at the feeling. I was too used to it by now, even if awkward.

But his dad's eyebrows lowered at the action, and he peered directly at his son. One lowered brow rose, cocking. God, Ezra had gotten so much from him. Except for the eyes. Ezra's eyes were all his mom. His dad's dark brown orbs were staring hard into his son's spring green gaze when I jerked, hearing a familiar voice to my right.

Well, why the hell not? Let's just make it a real party.

Releasing his dad's hand, I turned. I had no clue how the man had gotten in here, but King Kincaid's wolf was already growling. Formally, I nodded, saying, "Uncle."

"Hello, Lily," he stated curtly. Eyes never leaving mine, he held up a piece of paper as King Kincaid started to maneuver around me. "This is Law."

Still, King Kincaid's wolf growled quietly, but he did stop advancing and grabbed the paper from my uncle's hand, quickly skimming it.

Ezra had stepped directly behind me. I hadn't told him anything about my uncle, but it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out the man wasn't wanted here. Especially when Antonio maneuvered directly behind him, aiming death's own glare at the back of his head.

King Kincaid's wolf abruptly quieted. "He has a letter from your deceased mother, which she ordered by Law for him to hand-deliver to you on your graduation day."

My heart stopped, and then fluttered frantically. Immediately, I held my hand out. If my mom had willed a letter to me in the event she died before my graduation, I wanted the damn thing.

My uncle stepped closer, pulling a long, thin white envelope from his inner suit jacket pocket. He placed it on my waiting palm, not letting go of it as he lowered his mouth near my ear, whispering softly, "The best thing your mother ever did was die. She used to be my favorite when we were little, the way her bones broke...a pure masterpiece, but when she swallowed all that water and left you to me...let's just say, you'll always be my particular desire." He sighed. "The way you screamed was a symphony to my ears. One day, ah, Lily, one day, I'll hear it again."

My heart rate jumped further, and not because I was excited for the letter. Memories of my time at his house flooded me. All those hidden moments. The basement. It was soundproofed. His hands. Jesus, how I hated his hands. I still couldn't look directly at them.

The sound of Ezra's Vampire growling snapped me from the downward spiral of my past's haunting terrors. I had never heard this particular Vampire growl from him before. It was different, low and deep and slow - menacing enough a shiver flittered down my spine.

Ezra pressed against me from behind, his palms landing on my hips, and he, literally, lifted me off the ground, making my uncle jerk backward. My uncle had spoken softly enough for his comments not to have been picked up by anyone's ears but the Vampires' nearby. Ezra set me gently on my feet beside him, stepping forward, fangs fully extended.

I slammed a hand against his chest, and whispered gently, "Ezra, stop." I thought he was seriously going to kill him. This wasn't his fight. I wanted it. "He's mine to handle."

He tilted his head, his fierce, glaring eyes piercing mine. "Then f**king handle him."

Gazing back toward my uncle, who stared at Ezra with startled, wide eyes, I questioned, "King Kincaid, now that the letter is in my hand, are there any provisions on that sheet of paper for my uncle's safety?"

Instant. "No."

"May I?"

"You may."

"I need three witnesses who can verify he just threatened me."

"Witnessed," Vivian said, her tone coarse.

"Witnessed," Cahal stated, sounding distracted.

Ezra waved sharply for me to hurry up. "Witnessed. Fucking kill him already."

"Uncle, under Law 671 you've just been judged and found guilty." I cocked my head as Antonio stepped out from behind him. "I think we'd better go outside, so we don't get blood everywhere." Rucking up my robe, I kicked my uncle as hard as I could straight against his chest.

I felt, and heard, his ribs break. I knew that sound intimately since he had done it to me so many times. The force of my blow had his body flying backward, right at the window. He hit it hard, and the shattering of glass was loud as he flew through it. I accepted the offered gun Antonio held out, and sniffed it. Silver. Shoving off the ground, I jumped through the broken first-storey window. Glass crunched under my shoes as I landed.

My uncle was trying to crawl away - pathetic.

Easily kicking him onto his back, before I shot him I had to ask, "Why the hell did my mother name you as my guardian?" It was a burning question inside of me.

He coughed, and a bone must have nicked his lung because he spat up blood. Grinned with it all over his face, his voice breathless. "She knew you'd like it." He laughed softly, more blood spilling from his mouth.

No hesitation, only relief, as I lifted the gun.

Pulled the trigger, my ears ringing from the discharge.

Head shot.

Over too quickly, but so be it.

Guards in black fatigues had already surrounded us. Luckily, cutting off any view the people down the hill might have had where they waited for graduation to begin. Speaking to the guard on my right, I ordered quietly, "Get rid of him." She nodded, instantly moving to do as ordered, so I turned and walked back to the window.

Ezra was there with Pearl and Jack on either side of him, filling the space. They must have been swiftly informed, because they looked as furious as he did right then. Ezra knocked the rest of the glass away from the window, and then leaned outside, picking me up and pulling me back through to set me down inside the office.

He glowered, his body actually trembling.

Pearl and Jack didn't offer any support, either.

I pointed the gun out the window. "I killed him. As you can see, he has a hole in the middle of his forehead. The situation has been taken care of."

"You should have f**king told us about him," Jack hissed, so furious he threw his hands out and stalked away, spewing curses the whole while. I felt bad for Nikki.

"I'm so bloody upset with you right now," Pearl said through clenched teeth. "I...I need to walk away before I say something I'll regret." She pivoted, and started marching, taking three steps. Stopped. Clenched her hands, and put her feet into motion again, going clear across the room from me. I felt for Gideon.

Gazing after her, I really didn't want to look at Ezra with that soft Vampire's growl emanating from his chest. This one wasn't as chilling as the one before, but he was ticked. If any of my besties had hidden an abusive, adoptive relative like I had...well, I wouldn't be pleased with them, either. I would have wanted blood for them. Lots of it.

I peeked up. Quickly glanced away. Christ, he was upset.

"Sweetheart," he snarled on a mere breath, which sounded more Vampire than not and almost hypnotic in tone, but not quite there, his predator only peeking, "you keep something like that from us again, and I will-"

"Goddamn it! I f**king killed him! Alright?" I shouted, interjecting, done with the verbal attack from my friends after shooting my bastard uncle dead.

Unbelievably, his expression actually turned even more furious as he shouted, "No, it's not alright! That f**ker lived how long past his expiration date? And never once did you tell-"

King Venclaire, abruptly next to us with glowing eyes, jammed his hand on Ezra's shoulder, stopping him. No words emitted from his pinched lips - the room had gone silent - but the warning stare he gave us was enough.

Ezra and I glared at one another for a moment longer before we jerked on our heels, turning from one another and stalking away.

Bumping against someone in my haste, I muttered a half-hearted apology, but the person placed a huge hand on my bicep, stopping me from moving along. Instantly, I stepped back from the hold, and had to blink a few times until the red haze disappeared.

Ah, perfect.

Cahal Zeller, himself. Daddio. I wasn't in the mood. "You know, don't feel bad you didn't know who I was before, because I didn't realize who you were, either." My wolf growled a bit. "Your son never mentioned that one, and yet, he gets all pissed when I keep a secret?" Belatedly, I realized I was wildly swinging a loaded gun with silver bullets in a room full of Mysticals. Staring at it a second, I quickly lowered it. "Anyway, sorry we had to meet with me offing someone not ten minutes after I shook your hand." I shrugged. Nothing I could do about that.

Mutely, he was still staring with his hard gaze as his wife held out...my envelope.

I quickly snatched it from her hand, mumbling, "Thank you."

She nodded, silent.

They stared, their heads cocking.

Well, alrighty then.

Antonio slung an arm over my shoulder. "You like the gun?"

Huh? Oh. I nodded. "It fires straight. That's what important."

"It's yours." He smiled. "I spelled the clip. It'll never run out of silver bullets."

My eyebrows rose. "You know, Antonio, I always thought for graduation I'd get, like, a car, or a vacation to someplace warm, but no, instead, I get a letter willed to me from the grave and a gun that always fires." I paused. "I am a woman. Chocolates or roses..." I trailed off as he pulled Rolos and a small, single red rose out of the inside pocket of his suit jacket. I bit my lip, taking the gifts when he held them out.

He kissed my forehead softly, whispering, "Your mother would have been so proud to see the woman you've become. I am too, Lil. So very proud of you."

Vivian deigned to speak, instead of ogling. "You two know each other?"

Antonio nodded. "I raised her, with her late mother."

Cahal blinked, also deciding to speak. "You raised her?" He paused. "Then, how did she end up with that ass**le?"

Keeping his arm firmly around me, Antonio stated, "Before her mother passed away, I left. I had to search for someone who was lost. You might know him. His name's Ezra."

I knew that was why he had left me. The timing fit perfectly.

Vivian jerked, her mouth thinning, but, little by little, she bowed her head to him.

Cahal's eyes narrowed. "What are you really doing here? I haven't seen you since we passed on our reign to our Prodigies." Yeah, that was the history lesson I hadn't put together. Ezra's dad had been a scary-ass King during the war, right alongside Antonio.

Antonio jostled me inside his side. "Watching over this one. She can be a handful."

Cahal grunted, his narrowed gaze finding mine. His eyes didn't soften, either. "She appears to like trouble. It figures you had a hand in raising her."

Antonio grinned.

Cahal's attention returned to him, and his brown eyes ran over Antonio's face, his words slow. "Since you're here, I may stay awhile. See what happens."

Antonio nodded. "Might as well."

They stared at one another.

Mrs. Jonas called loudly, "It's time for the Prodigies to head out. Once they're gone, you'll all want to take your seats down the hill. There's a special area reserved for you behind the students."

I twisted under Antonio's arm, hugging him. "Wish me luck so I don't trip and fall in front of everyone."

"You won't trip and fall, Lil." He kissed my forehead again, squeezing me tight. "Besides, even if you do, you're going to be Queen soon. Blame it on the person who put the stage together."

I chuckled, swiftly pecking his cheek, and inserted my rose in his lapel buttonhole for safekeeping before covertly opening a drawer to Mrs. Jonas's desk and placing my new gun at the back. I couldn't exactly carry it down the school hallway without worrying people. This was a happy day, after all. I would just jump through the window later and get it back when it was time to leave after the Awakenings.

Antonio shooed me off, and I turned, running smack into Ezra's back. Seriously, I had run into walls that were softer. Ezra grunted and growled under his breath, not even glancing backward as I shoved away from him, rubbing my forehead and growling in return.

Mrs. Jonas gave us a disapproving look. "I know you two aren't in attendance anymore at this school, but if you both keep up these shenanigans," she paused, "or if the four of you have planned any pranks for the graduation ceremony-"

"We need to go," Pearl interrupted from where she stood in front of Ezra, her tone clipped. She was still irritated.

"Now," Jack said very quietly, which was never a good sign.

Mrs. Jonas glared at the four of us, her eyes roaming down the line until she got to me. She pointed a finger. "You are trouble."

"You're the second person to say that to me today, so it's not really breaking news."

Her face scrunched in aggravation.

King Nelson cleared his throat quickly, offering, "Mrs. Jonas, I'll take this unruly bunch where they're supposed to go. You just relax before you have to go onstage." He motioned for us to follow him, which we did.

Although, we still heard Mrs. Jonas hollering after us, "There had better not be one person flying through the air, a wet t-shirt contest, wild animals roaming about, or an unwilling flash mob during the ceremony!" She must have paused for breath, because there was a gap of silence, then she shouted, "This is going to be on live television, so don't ruin it!"

Hell, I had only done the wild animal party once. I'd had to have a little fun with that part of my power, since I knew I could do it now. It wasn't my fault if one of the pythons was last seen entering the administration building and never found. That could have happened to anyone. The bugger had just slithered away when I hadn't been looking. Other than the fact the python was hard to control, like the alligators had been, I blamed it on the goat that had been giving me a lot of trouble. It had kept eating everything in sight, including the sandals I'd had on that day, which I had been in the process of pulling out of its mouth for the second time when said python disappeared. At least the python wasn't that big. Yet.

I didn't trip and fall. Thank God for small favors.

I sat with my diploma for Political Science in my hand as the last of my classmates were walking across the stage. We were in alphabetical order, so I hadn't been able to sit next to any of my friends. Not that I had really wanted to but, sadly, once I had calmed down during Mrs. Jonas's droning on - and on - behind her podium onstage, I felt I should apologize again. My abusive uncle had been another secret I had kept to myself, even when they had held nothing back. At times, I definitely acted more Com than Mys.

I had read my mom's letter while I sat on the slip-covered folding chair, instead of listening to Mrs. Jonas. She hadn't written a lot of words. But it had made me misty-eyed, and I had quickly blinked back my tears, not wanting mascara tracks staining my cheeks. The gist of it was that she hoped and prayed I forgave her for sending me to her brother, but that there had been no other choice. She wrote that if I was reading this, then it was my graduation day and she was proud of me and my hard work, and she knew in her heart and mind I would go on to do great things and live a life full of happiness and love. Under her signature, she had, once again, asked me to forgive her.

That was all. It was enough. The letter rested in my pocket now and, as soon as I got home, I was going to put it in the scrapbook in my closet that she had started years ago of us. The only thing, other than her money, I had left of her.

Sighing quietly, I rested further on my chair, ignoring the gazes I felt on me from the audience. When Pearl, Jack, and I had gone across the stage at our separate times there had been freaking standing ovations. Nothing like a little early sucking up from Mysticals who don't even know me, or them. Ezra's name was about to be called, and I cringed, ready.

"Ezra Zeller, Bachelor's Degree of Political Science," Mrs. Jonas stated loudly.

Boom. The applause was almost deafening as he began sauntering across the stage.

I stood, clapping right along with everyone else, mine less polite than the roar, since I also blew through my index finger and thumb, whistling loudly, just as I had for Jack and Pearl.

In due progress, the ceremony was over. In Commoner school, the graduates threw their caps in the air but, since Mysticals wore robes with hoods, that didn't even cross anyone's minds. Instead, we cheered with our hands in the air as the fire Elementals of our class shot sparkling fireballs above our heads from their palms, the air Elementals blowing them high into the air, and then the water Elementals putting them out, keeping us safe. Not too shabby, and pretty damn cool to witness.

Afterward, we only had a half-hour to talk with each other and celebrate.

Following that, we were to go inside and get changed into our snazzy attire, then return to the field to mingle.

I went straight to my friends where they were already standing together to the side of the stage - away from everyone - and I kicked the grass a few times, mumbling, "I'm sorry. Really. It won't happen again."

"Damn straight," Pearl grumbled, arms crossed over her chest.

Ezra's lips were thinned, but he finally nodded.

Jack took a step closer, and bent to peer straight into my eyes, hissing, "Why the hell didn't you tell us?" His blue eyebrows were together, like he was trying to solve a puzzle.

Glancing away, I asked, "Haven't you ever had a secret you were ashamed of?"

A quiet pause, then he softly whispered, "Yes." Another break, then a gruff command, "Ashamed, or not, you tell us in the future so we can rip his head off. Alright?"

I nodded, glancing to the side. Nikki and Gideon were heading our way, so I quickly said, "Ezra, I'd like to have that conversation tonight that you offered before." The one about us sticking together. Living under the same roof, or whatever his idea was. Just so we were all close. Looking away from Nikki and Gideon, I peered up into his spring green gaze. "I'm in, if you're serious."

Unhurriedly, he nodded, his spikes styled wildly chaotic today.

"Me too," Pearl whispered softly, sounding nervous.

The three of us turned to Jack.

He was rubbing his chin, blue eyebrows lowered, and right before Nikki arrived at his side, he stated, "I'm in." No nerves. Just resolute calm.

Ezra crossed his arms, saying simply since Gideon and Nikki were now with us, "We'll discuss it tonight after the Awakenings, but before the dinner King Kincaid is holding for us and our families." This was desirable, because I still hadn't met Jack's or Pearl's relatives. After what they had witnessed this morning in Mrs. Jonas's office, they probably thought I was a barbarian Prodigy Shifter, and I would like the opportunity to prove I wasn't. At least, not all the time.

We nodded. Decision set.

Chapter Twenty-One

"Henry?" Pearl asked, reading the name on the tiny slip of paper.

"Toss," I muttered, silently reading the name on the top paper I held.

"Jasper?" Jack asked, eyeing a scrap of paper.

"Toss," I muttered, throwing down the top slip I had read.

"Love doctor?" Nikki asked with a snicker, eyebrows raised and holding up a napkin.

"Does it really say that?" Gideon asked, yanking the napkin out her hand. He nodded, chuckling. "He's probably compensating for something."

I agreed. "Toss."

"Here you guys are," Ezra griped quietly, ducking behind the tree line where we hid from the onslaught of Mysticals vying for our attention. "I've been looking everywhere." He appeared haggled, his black dress shirt cockeyed, spring green eyes wide, but he asked calmly enough, "What are you doing?"

Pearl waved her wad of papers as I tossed another one of mine on the ground, and she explained, "Going through the numbers passed to Lily."

He blinked, then reached into his pockets, pulling out fistfuls of tiny papers. "Guess I'll go through mine, too."

We gaped.

Gideon asked carefully, "You're not going to keep all of them?"

Ezra glared at the polite question, waving a fistful of papers, some of them blowing away in the breeze, which he didn't seem to notice. "I'm turning over a new leaf." He peered down at his first slip. "Try not to be such a," a glower at me, "man-whore."

I shook my head, going back to my own papers. "Don't blame that title on me. I just call them like I see them."

He grunted, tossing a slip on the ground without further comment.

"BJ?" Jack asked, head cocked, staring at a pink paper.

"Confused or an idiot," Pearl mumbled, answering for me. "Toss."

He tossed.

As a pile grew around his feet, Ezra slipped a torn scrap back into his pocket before continuing to examine the rest.

Huh, perhaps he was serious.

"Tiffany?" Nikki asked nonchalantly, face almost blank. I merely glanced at her and she tossed it, mumbling, "I'm so happy I'm not single anymore. This is ridiculous."

Jack kissed her cheek, then asked, "Ivan?"

"Oh..." I nodded, holding out my hand. "That one's a keeper." I smiled. "He hardly speaks any English." I slid the paper into my purse for safekeeping.

Pearl snorted hard, shaking her head. "You're bad."

"And, he looks oh-so-good." I wiggled my shoulders, winking. "Powerful. Hot. No English. Equals perfect."

Ezra blinked at a slip. Chuckled. Tossed it. Didn't want to know. The next one went in his pocket, which made two out of, like, twenty. Not bad.

Gideon asked, "The Twins?"

I blinked. "They're vulture Shifters."

Without looking, Ezra reached out a hand and grabbed Gideon's slip. Tossed it.

"Squawk," Jack teased quietly.

"Whatever. I learned my lesson." I shuddered. Ugh. I still had nightmares.

We all paused, hearing a song start on the sound system. Music. They had finally gotten the DJ set up for dancing. Each of us glanced at the other, then hurried through the rest of the papers. It was time to boogie.

I ended up with five numbers and Ezra ended up with seven. Go figure. Even being picky he still ended up with more than me. Oh well. At least, I had some choices.

Brushing my hands down my bright red dress - it matched my hair - I made sure there were no lingering leaves or dirt on me from trekking there, and followed my friends out from behind the tree line.

We tried to stay inconspicuous, but we were who we were and some noticed. Mainly, the Kings, Antonio, and a few of the parents. The Kings' expressions were cross, but also amused, at seeing us hiding from everyone. Most of the parents appeared curious.

Antonio just pointed at me, then his hair, a video camera in his free hand.

I quickly found a stick in my hair where he had pointed. Seriously? I was the shortest one of the bunch. How did I end up with a stick in my hair? I tossed it, sighing in defeat, and then was hauled by Nikki toward the makeshift dance floor. The organizers had put it there so the grass wouldn't become mush.

We stuck close in a tight circle on the edge of the dance floor so no-one would try to barrel into our group, and I was quickly tossed in the air by Jack. I squealed, laughing as he caught me then twirled me with a dip. I had no clue how he and Nikki still stepped on each other's feet because he was a fine dancer.

Shaking my body to the beat, I spun to Pearl, and we started bumping hips, generally making fools out of ourselves, incorporating fifties-style moves to the funky retro music. I twirled her, imitating what Jack had done, which was a little awkward since she was so tall, but when I dipped her, my strength held her easily. She laughed, her golden hair dangling to the flooring before I lifted her with one arm.

Ezra cocked an eyebrow at me as he twirled Nikki to Jack. Invitation clear. Shaking my hips like a belly dancer, with my hands in the air, in answer, he chuckled. Rolling up the sleeves of his dress shirt, he wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me close. He and I moved like we always did, even as he spun me and placed his chest to my back. His warm, strong hands ran down my sides to my hips, gripping tight as we partied on the dance floor.

Reaching up behind me, I brought his head down to my level, so I could whisper near his ear, "Should we mess up? Nikki's looking at us again." She seemed envious.

His eyes rose in her direction before lowering. "No. Jack needs to quit being safe with her. Be a little daring. If she gets upset, maybe he will."

My lips curved against his cheek. "Nice thinking."

He shrugged and lifted his hand from my hip. His fingers hovered an inch from my cle**age, his palm so hot I could feel it against my bare skin without him even touching. My attention snapped down to where his gaze and fingers were, and he tucked two of said fingers into the top of my bodice...and pulled out a slip of paper that had been barely showing there.

Stunned, I gaped at it.

"Someone was creative," he murmured, wrapping his other arm around my stomach while opening the piece of paper in front of our faces. "Jett?"

Quietly, I chuckled. "Cheetah. And fast." Fast enough to stuff his number down my dress without me noticing.

Ezra snorted, tossing the paper. "No woman wants it over too fast."

I laughed hard because, well, that was true.

"Kings and," Jack groaned, "parentals headed this way." He shuddered. "God, I think they're actually going to dance."

Ezra and I stilled, and then spun away from each other. It was most definitely too late, King Kincaid and King Venclaire saw everything, but we had to make an attempt at not being glued to one another. It was dancing, yes, but King Kincaid and King Venclaire were relentless when it came to the two of us.

Jack snickered, but widened his and Nikki's dance area, letting me in with them. That didn't really help much because, twenty seconds later, I felt a tap on my shoulder, and by Jack's expression, and the scent, I knew who it was. Can't a woman have a little fun?

I sighed, and plastered on a smile, turning.

King Kincaid immediately wrapped me in his arms and twirled us. "Have you met any Shifters today?"

I nodded. "I have five numbers that are keepers."

He smiled, a small appearance of relief. "Good." He cleared his throat, and whispered on a mere breath, only for my ears, "I'm just worried about you, Lily. That's all."

I knew that. I nodded and jumped, kissing his cheek. It made him - wow - blush, but he seemed pleased. "You're awesome. You know that, right?"

He grinned outright. "An actual compliment. I could get used to that from you."

I snickered, shaking my head. "You've been great to me." I paused, inhaling deeply and holding his gaze. "Seriously. You've been wonderful."

His smile turned soft, and he hugged me while twirling us. "Even though I lost him, I gained you in return."

I sniffled, my throat clogging. I couldn't say anything or else risk bawling. He really was great. Besides Antonio, he was like a father to me. King, yes, and always first, but still a father figure and, with me being unable to tell my biological father who I was yet, our relationship was special to me. He was special to me. Always would be. That was, until he twirled me away when Fi walked over, and I landed smack-dab in Cahal's arms.

I blinked, barely holding back a groan. Ezra's dad was kind of terrifying and most definitely intimidating. I wasn't sure if it was the way he stared at people or the whole leakage of power bit, but add in his huge frame, and he was a smidge too much for me to handle one on one.

He didn't seem to understand that or, if he did, he didn't care, because he lowered one of his hands to my waist and took hold of my hand with his other, then began classically dancing with me. Bizarrely, it worked with the slow rock song that was playing.

Again, he stared.

"How's it going?" I asked, just to fill the void of silence.

"Do you want to know something interesting, Ms. Ruckler?" he inquired, ignoring my question.

"Sure." Not really, with that look in his eyes.

"Before Ezra left with King Venclaire for New York, my wife took him cellphone shopping." Oh, God. Please don't tell me. "I remember Vivian specifically complaining when they came back that the cell they'd really wanted wasn't in stock, so she'd had to get him another barebones cell. One without a camera."

"Email," I stated instantly, breathing shallowly to keep my heart rate down. "The picture must have been an attachment on his email."

A single eyebrow rose. "He doesn't have email capabilities on his cell. He checks those on his laptop. Again, his cellphone is only basic, and he never asked for another."

I swallowed hard. Well, shit. "Maybe, he downloaded it from his laptop?" This is what I get for lying.

He cocked his head, spinning us expertly. "Interesting theory." Not really an answer. His eyes deliberately dipped, then rose. "Cheetah, huh?"

I blinked. This just wasn't good. Glancing on either side of us, I spied Ezra, but his back was to us as he was dancing with his mom. No help there. Out of options, I sighed and turned my attention back to Cahal, telling the truth, "The picture I saw was in his room. A whole group of us were in there." I added helpfully, "It's a very nice family photo." Clearing my throat, I smiled. Hoped it was sweet enough.

"Hmm." He stared. "You lied because?"

"I didn't think it sounded appropriate," I replied honestly.

A c**k of his head. "Why wouldn't it be appropriate?" Again, he glanced down, then up. Implication clear. He hadn't liked seeing his son's fingers down the top of my dress.

"We're just friends," I stated bluntly.

He hummed softly. "I didn't say you weren't."

Right. Said friend needed to get his ass over here. Again, I glanced Ezra's way, and luck was on my side this time because he was looking in our general direction over his mom's head. Swiftly, I merely met his gaze, and then turned my attention back to his dad, saying, "No. You didn't. I just thought it needed saying."

"Why do you think it needs saying?"

My God, he should have been a f**king shrink instead of a King with all of my answers he kept twisting around. Hell, maybe he was one now, when he wasn't doing his Elder duties.

"May I cut in?" Ezra asked his dad, stopping in a twirl next to us. He nodded at his mom in his arms. "I'm sure Mom would love to dance with you."

His dad smiled, and I wasn't able to read it because I didn't know him, but he released me, holding out his hand to his mate. "Beautiful lady."

Vivian chuckled, then kissed Ezra's cheek before taking Cahal's hand, and was swiftly enveloped in his arms as they began dancing.

Ezra instantly grabbed me and whirled us away from them.

Banging my forehead against his chest a couple of times, I mumbled, "Fact: you should have told me who the hell your dad is. Fact: you should have helped me when I lied to him about the photo earlier if you knew he would know it was a lie. Fact: he didn't like you putting your fingers down my cle**age earlier. Fact: he is seriously scary."

Ezra raised his head, looking to wherever his parents were, then spun us even closer to a bulky speaker thumping with music. "Fact: I thought you knew. Hell, we had a test about him in history class." Three years in one year, enough said. "Fact: I didn't know you were going to lie about the photo, otherwise I would have stopped you." His eyes dipped down like his dad's had, but lingered - 'cause he was Ezra - before coming back to mine. "Fact: he wouldn't have been paying attention to where my fingers were if you hadn't lied in the first place. Fact: yes, he can be scary." He paused, then added, "Fact: he's also a Vampire, if you've forgotten, so when you say something even remotely close to him, remember he can hear you."

I glanced at the vibrating speaker. "Unless we're near something like this?"

"Yes. Our voices won't carry over the sound."

As we swayed to the music, I rested my cheek against his chest in frustration, and felt his own cheek rest on top of my head. His chest expanded as he inhaled harshly, and he grumbled, "Guess we can add my dad to the list of people who think we're having sex."

I nodded. "Yeah. That's what I got from him."

"Perfect," he muttered. Grunted. "When are they going to get over this shit? We hardly ever touch unless it's on the damn dance floor. I have sex with other women. You're picking other men to have sex with. What the hell else do we need to do?"

I shrugged inside his strong, familiar embrace. "I have no clue." I joked, "We might as well have sex, and enjoy the benefits, if we're going to be hounded for it."

"You think you're funny, don't you?"

"Definite affirmative."

Ezra led me off the dance floor two songs later, staying clear of King Kincaid, King Venclaire, and now, his dad. Although, I was pretty sure I saw them watching us as we weaved through the dancing couples. I was starving, and so was Ezra, if his rumbling stomach was any indication. We could see Pearl and Gideon at the buffet on top of the hill, and Jack and Nikki were sneaking behind the row of trees where we had hidden before.

Ezra dipped, taking his hand off the small of my back just as we exited the dance floor, asking, "Do you need to eat before the Awakenings?"

I debated that. Blood. He was talking about blood. I really didn't want another fainting spell to occur, but I wasn't all that thirsty, since it was only noon and I normally drank before, or directly after, dinner. "I'm not famished, but it might be a good idea."

He nodded, automatically maneuvering us - without touching me - in a different direction, barely breathing, "I thought about that last night, and made sure I drank double my normal. We can do this before we normally do and I'll be fine."

"Thank you," I said, smiling up at him. "That was thoughtful."

He shrugged. "Better than having King Kincaid attack me again."

I snorted as we hurried up the hill to the back entrance of King Hall. "Exactly where are we headed?"

He was quiet, then whispered, "Under the bleachers in the gym."

I choked on a laugh. "That's your hiding spot? Isn't that a little cliche? How many women have you taken back there?"

His lips curved, drawling, "If it ain't broke..."

I snorted, and then started jogging, glancing over my shoulder. "Race you?"

He grinned and sprinted after me.

Quickening my pace, running as fast as I could without my Vampire speed, I laughed when I stopped abruptly and tripped him on the grass. My only way of beating him. I shot off again, hearing his fake growl where he had landed. I made it to the door before I was picked up off my feet - no one could see us there - and I shrieked as he raced us inside and down the hallway with his Vampire speed to the gym.

The place was silent and dark, but lights weren't needed with our glowing eyes, and he set me on my feet. He bent going under the bleachers ahead of me, but I didn't need to duck the bar there, following him easily. Traveling to the middle, he stopped, his spring green, glowing eyes roving over my dress. "Hike your dress up a little, so you can wrap your legs around me."

Blinking, I glanced about and realized he was right. There was no way to do this unless he got down on the dusty floor, because I was so short, and that wasn't happening with his black attire. I hiked my dress up until modesty could have been threatened if I took it another inch, and he lifted me easily.

Wrapping my legs around his waist, he moved so my back was against the wall, then leaned heavily against me, asking patiently, "You know you can't send me what you normally do, or I'll fall, right?"

I paused. Shit. "What do I send you?"

"Whatever you can manage without making me hit the ground." He grinned. "I fall, you fall."

"Great," I muttered, biting my lip, tiny fangs already descended. "Joy?"

He nodded. "That should work."

My eyes moved to his throat, and I gently tilted his head back and to the side, careful not to mess up his spikes. Placing my mouth against his throat and inhaling softly, I sighed quietly. He didn't smell like food, even though his blood was delicious. He smelled like my best friend. Like Ezra. Against his heated skin, I whispered, "Thank you."

He pressed against me harder, holding me in a tighter embrace. "You're welcome."

I licked over his pulse slowly, feeling the pounding against my tongue. Rubbing along it, I found the exact place I wanted. I tilted my head a smidge more, and gently sank my fangs in. His hot, dark spice blood ran over my tongue and I moaned, gripping the back of his neck. I sent him emotions.

It made his body start to go slack, so I stopped.

He straightened immediately, murmuring, "Try again, but hurry. We need to get back out there before the guards start searching."

Trying again, I started sending him the usual serenity, but pushed through the haze of his dazzling blood when I felt him react the same way. It was hard, and I grunted with the effort, but I knew immediately when he felt joy instead, his body pressing against me harder than before, straightening.

He whispered deeply, "That's good. Perfect."

In answer, I hummed delicately, and then I let myself go back into the fog of dark spice. Gripping the back of his neck, my fingers pressed on his muscles just a smidge, holding tight as one of his hands ran up my back and in my hair, gripping it and pushing my mouth against his neck as he sighed. He seemed to like it, so I knew I was doing a good job.

Moaning at the taste, I rubbed up him for higher positioning, his blood spiced a little different with the joy I was sending him, instead of the serenity. It was scrumptious. Really damn delicious. His other arm slid down under my behind, lifting and giving me the added boost I needed to really get a good pull, and I sent him a heavy dose of joy. In return, he held me tighter.

Two more pulls, because he was that tasty, then I ran my tongue over the wound and leaned my head back, gently massaging his nape and watching his eyes slowly open.

He smiled, and it was a sloppy, happy one. "I like that one better than the other."

"Same here," I agreed, scrutinizing him. "You feel alright?"

"Yeah." He nodded. "Just need another second." He rested his forehead against my shoulder, and I continued massaging his neck.

A minute later, his head lifted, and he cracked his neck both ways, his eyelids no longer drooping. In fact, humor etched his features as his lips twitched. "Sweetheart, you aren't wearing any panties."

Blinking, I belatedly realized what that meant. His arm under me was touching my private bits. His shirt didn't even cover it because he had rolled his sleeves up his forearms earlier. Not moving an inch, because that would make it worse, instead I stated factually, "I couldn't. This dress shows underwear lines."

His lips twitched again, but he nodded studiously. "The dreaded underwear lines." He glanced to his right, the way we had come in. "We better go out another door, just in case anyone's out there."

"That sounds about right."

He unclenched the hand he had in my hair and dropped his other arm, keeping pressure on me with his body so I wouldn't fall. His hands grabbed my hips, which were completely bare by this point with my dress rucked up to my waist. Stepping back from the wall, he held me, and I loosened my legs from around him. Gently lowering me, he kept his gaze on my face, which I was grateful for until I was able to lower my dress.

We ended up taking the gym's back exit directly outside.

Glancing around, Ezra picked me up, and then moved with Vampire speed, going down through the trees and behind the dance floor to the tree line at the edge of the tables and food. Lowering me, he motioned for me to go on, and then he disappeared, blurring through the trees surrounding us, to enter from another direction.

Sidling around a thick tree trunk, I moved covertly, giving the impression I was just winding my way through tables, trying to appear innocent of any wrongdoings. Absently, I ran my fingers through my hair, since he'd had a hand in it and the wind had blown it. Now I knew why he used so much gel. While trying to work tangles out, I waggled my free hand's fingers at Jack and Pearl where they sat to the right...and slammed right into a table. Biting my tongue, I barely withheld a curse, my hip bone jarred with the impact.

Jack and Pearl saw it, and I could hear them laughing from all the way over where they sat. At least Gideon and Nikki weren't busting up, too.

Apology on the tip of my tongue, my attention swung to the occupants of the table, and the words stalled inside my throat, my mouth slightly parted. Sweet baby Jesus. Did this seriously have to happen right now? Out of all the tables on the lawn, I had rammed into King Venclaire, Ezra's parents, Antonio, King Kincaid, and Fi's table.

Flustered, I chuckled, unfortunately sounding damn guilty as I tugged my fingers out of my hair - getting that last f**king tangle out, of course, right when they saw it - and pointed to the food across the way. "Sorry about that. I'm just going to get lunch at the..." I jabbed my finger again at the...what the hell was the word?

"Buffet?" Antonio's golden brows rose as he leaned to rest a crooked arm on top of the table, his chin on his palm with a balled-up napkin covering his mouth.

"Yep," I snapped, swinging my pointed finger at him. "That's it." I started walking backward...and my ass slammed against another table that was, like, a foot away. I didn't even look at that one, for fear of who might be sitting there. Why the hell did they put them so close? "Food. Yeah, at the..." I pointed once more. Shit.

"Buffet," Antonio offered again, his napkin still covering his mouth suspiciously.

"Honey, are you alright?" Concern clouded Fi's expression. "Your face is flushed."

Oh, Lord, have mercy.

I squeaked, "I'm good." A point to the food. "I'm going to the..." Shit. "Over there."

King Kincaid stared. "Come and eat with us when you're done at the buffet."

Instantly, I hitched a thumb over my shoulder. "I was going to sit with-"

"I would prefer it," he clarified, interrupting me.

Oh, God, no.

Out of the corner of my eye...I glanced that way, and saw Felix and Aros storming toward me, all types of pissed. Uh-oh. No time to argue. "Okay." I looked back at the table, their heads swinging toward me, following my head movements. "Be back in a minute." My feet pedaled as fast as they could without the appearance of running until I got to an area where there were no tables - I watched where I was going this time - and went a few feet more, then stopped and waited.

"Where the hell did you go?" Felix loomed over me.

"Won't happen again." I paused. "Sorry to worry you."

Aros growled, "We can't protect you if you run off like that."

"And with a f**king Vampire," Felix hissed on a mere breath.

"We were just running up the hill," I muttered. "We both needed to get away from all these people for a few minutes." Truth to all.

Both inhaled heavily, then shut their mouths, cognizant of when to push and when not to.

Good elite guards. I was the boss. End of story.

Still, I apologized once more, "I'm truly sorry for worrying you both."

They nodded slowly, and stepped back, giving me space, so I moved on to the buffet.

Ezra was already there, on the other side of the table farther up the line, giving me a raised eyebrow once-over, most definitely having heard the conversation with his gifted ears, and even seen it, since there hadn't been any trees in the direction I'd had to run.

I rolled my eyes.

His lips twitched as he lifted a brownie in question.

My mouth watered, and I peered at the table. Last one. Damn. He needed it, since I had just taken his blood. I shook my head, and he placed it on his plate as he progressed down the line. Filling my own plate, I moved to each dish and couldn't help but be envious, since he was going to sit with Pearl and Jack instead of...

"Ezra!" Cahal barked loudly. "Come sit with us!"

I didn't have to glance back. I knew Ezra had been walking toward our friends' table, and now, he wouldn't be. I wasn't sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing. Both of us sitting at that table...on second thought, probably not so good. Finished loading my plate, I actually debated skipping orders and going to sit with my friends, but King Kincaid was watching, so I made my way through the tables and sat beside him.

Fi sat on his other side, and she leaned forward, peering around him, asking, "Are you sure you're alright? Your face is still rosy."

I waved a hand, trying for calm. "I'm really okay." I stuffed my mouth full of pasta.

Antonio's lips pursed and he jerked his head toward where Felix and Aros were standing. "What was that about?"

I had an answer for that one. The truth. "They lost me there for a minute in the crowd and were worried."

"They're your elite," Antonio stated. "Don't let them lose you." A command.

My mouth full again, I nodded, and then found my plate fascinating in examination.

That was, until Ezra, who was sitting next to his dad across the table, reached to grab the salt from the middle of the table, and King Kincaid went quiet. Predatory quiet. More than likely, only a Shifter would notice his animal's wildness silencing, so only Fi and I glanced at him. He was peering down at his plate with his nostrils flared.

Unexpectedly, he moved so brutally fast he scared the shit out of me. He stood, seizing my arm and jerking me to my feet. I dropped my fork and my chair knocked over, but I did manage to keep my yelp at bay. He proceeded to drag me away from the table at a fast clip, not saying a word, working his way through the tables to the woods behind.

No one tried to stop us, and after the initial movement, I tried to keep up the best I could, so we wouldn't make a scene for whatever this was about. Honestly, only a few people noticed, thank goodness. When we were past the tree line, he continued stalking, taking us deeper into the woods, so far that no one would be able to hear us. Eventually, he halted, releasing me with a jerk.

Pacing back and forth between oaks, his wolf growled low and, still being cautious, quietly he hissed, "I thought King Venclaire told you to be private about your goddamn affair!" His nostrils flared. "And, today, of all days, you decide it's a great idea to f**k a Vampire on school property?" His wolf snarling, he got right in my face, making my own wolf want to growl, but I knew better than that. "Tell him as soon as he's done eating to dunk himself in the damn pond. He reeks of you. Any Shifter who comes within a few feet of him is going to recognize, at the very least, he's sleeping with a wolf Shifter. And no-one can f**king know!"

His forehead banged against mine, staying there, so our eyes were an inch apart. "Both of you need to get your f**king acts together before you two start a goddamn revolt! You're going to be the Queen Shifter. He's going to be the King Vampire. The two don't mix, unless it's behind a locked, sealed, and barred damn door, and even then, to almost every single Mys out there, it's f**king wrong. Do you understand me?"

I nodded. I had figured it out, but couldn't explain the truth. It was because of Ezra's arm. When he had held me...well, the sexual fluid of a Shifter gives the animal away to one of our kind. Even though we smelled of each other from dancing, this was a different scent entirely, and no amount of grooving on the dance floor could explain the situation away.

He started stalking away, and pointed at me. "I expect you to call some of those Shifters by tomorrow." An order. How lovely. He continued marching through the trees, rubbing a hand over his face repeatedly, and then began strolling normally before he was out of my view through the vegetation.

I was thankful at the moment that Aros and Felix had stayed back. Whenever King Kincaid and I talked privately, they were instructed to guard at a distance for privacy. Good damn rule.

My wolf was more than a little ticked but I, myself, felt like crying in frustration. I walked it out, pacing back and forth, only sniffling a few times and blinking rapidly to keep any tears from falling. When I felt I had better control of myself, I made my way out of the woods, and back to my table. I could sense the individuals at my table eyeing me, but I moved casually and calmly, and sat on my chair, which had been righted.

I kept my eyes on my plate, and sighed, realizing I needed a fork to eat with since mine was under the table somewhere. After getting another one, I sat back down and made myself eat. I was not going to pass out today. Food was a must.

Once I had finished, not hearing a word of the conversation around me and really hoping no one had tried to converse with me, I lifted my glass and perused the table's occupants. Cahal and King Venclaire were both casually watching me as they talked to one another. Ezra was too, but more covertly, as he spoke with his mom about her lessons. After listening for only half a minute, I decided that if I were her student, I would probably run. By the sound of it, under all of that pretty and sweet was a hard woman. Opportunity knocked when Cahal and King Venclaire turned to view something behind them.

Stealthily, I tapped my nose and then my arm, before they returned to coolly watching me while talking between themselves, and I placed my glass down, fiddling with my fork.

Ezra's conversation stalled. "Mom, I'll be back in a second." Smart, he was.

"Okay," she murmured, confused, as he stood from his chair and sped away in a blur.

King Venclaire and Cahal flat out eyed me, not even bothering to talk.

Well, then...I turned toward Antonio, who was staring at the woods as calm as could be. "See anything interesting out there in the woods of King Hall?"

His gaze slammed to mine. "What did you just say?"

"The woods." I pointed to said woods, having picked him to talk with because I hadn't thought he would be mean. "Anything-"

He shook his head, stopping me. "Exactly, Lil. Exactly, what did you say?"

"Um..." A slow blink. "See anything interesting out there in the woods of King Hall?"

He disappeared.

Chapter Twenty-Two

Dumbfounded, I asked no one in particular, "Did I say something wrong?"

Cahal grunted. "He's always been that way."

My gaze met his dead on. "Not around me."

All of a sudden, Ezra was standing behind his chair wearing a different shirt. It was black, like the other, but it had silver skull buttons instead of plain black ones. He had remembered to roll up his sleeves on his forearms like before. Hopefully, no one would...

"You changed your shirt," Vivian exclaimed. Leave it to Mom to notice. "Did you get something on the other while you were eating?"

I blinked, barely keeping a straight face.

Ezra didn't do so well, though. He coughed hard. Really hard. In fact, he had to walk away, having a coughing fit. When he covered his mouth, I could see little beads of water on his hand. So he had washed, too.

People were beginning to stare, whispering to one another.

Vivian's jaw clenched and she turned to the gossiping tables, stating loudly, "He does not have a germ. He's just got something caught in his throat." Vampire hearing in action. She turned her gaze on Ezra. "Right?"

King Venclaire snickered quietly, making me almost lose it in a bad chain reaction.

Ezra's face was priceless.

Spring green eyes wide, he cleared his throat hard. "Right, Mom. No germ."

She nodded curtly, and then glared at the other tables' occupants. Scary teacher. She patted his seat, still daring the others to dispute her son's claim as he sat down as expected.

Cahal was quietly watching me, but he asked his son, "Why did you change your shirt? And in such a rush?" He turned his head, looking him straight in the eye. "And where did you disappear to after you left the dance floor?" The man had a scary-ass dad face. His parents were a perfect mating.

Ezra held that frightening gaze. "I had to use the restroom, and then got soap on my shirt. I changed it." He shrugged. "And, Lily and I escaped the masses for a little while after dancing." He smiled. "I'm sure you remember how it was when everyone wanted a piece of your time." His smile widened. "Way back in the day."

His dad didn't rise to the bait, only hummed softly, and then turned his attention back to me, staring silently.

"She can give you a picture if you like her face so much," Ezra stated calmly.

"She reminds me of someone," Cahal murmured thoughtfully.

Oh, dear Lord, not another one. "When were you mated?"

His head cocked. "Around forty years ago."

Relief flooded me...until he blinked...and peered right at King Venclaire.

How bad can a day get?

"Yes," King Venclaire murmured. "She's Angela Springs's daughter."

Oh, he just knew about their affair. Again, relief flooded me.

"That must be it." Cahal looked back at me. "You look just like her."

I smiled. "Thank you."

He blinked, his gaze returning to King Venclaire. "Didn't Antonio say he raised her?"

I was really beginning to dislike this man.

King Venclaire's jaw clenched, and he nodded once.

Cahal's roaming gaze again revisited me. He said nothing verbally, but his eyes spoke volumes. He did not - to put it politely - approve of interpersonal relationships between Mys groups, and therefore, my mom, which was a direct consideration of me.

"Well," my voice was soft as I turned to King Kincaid, "I'd like to be," I cleared my throat, determined not to cry in front of this ass**le, "excused, if I may?" My gaze was behind King Kincaid as I let my hair cover the side of my face, just in case my eyes were glistening.

"Go," King Kincaid stated, a little wolf's growl in his tone.

"Thank you." I stood, walking away.

Only to hear Ezra behind me, arguing with his dad. I heard a definite "fucking ass**le" growled from him somewhere in his heated words before, without warning, he was at my side. He didn't wrap an arm around me, still conscious of the people near us, but his arm was brushing mine as we walked through the tables.

I whispered, "Thank you for sticking up for me and my mom." I gazed up at him. "She wasn't a slut, even if she did sleep with a Vampire and, maybe, a Mage."

"I know." Ezra's teeth were clenched. "He's just trying to see what rattles you. It's his way. Find the weakness, and use it when needed. I could tell he didn't honestly think your mom was a slut. He just wanted to see your reaction."

That stopped me dead in my tracks. "Really?"

Halting with me, he nodded.

"Huh." We began moving again. "I can't imagine growing up with a parent like that."

Ezra shrugged, his arm rubbing up and down mine. "It wasn't always fun." He paused, and then grunted. "Everyone thinks his scariest card is that he was the King Vampire during the war, but what they don't realize is his ace in the hole is his mind. The way he thinks. He's a master strategist." Another pause. "But better or worse, he is my dad and I did learn a lot from him."

I thought about that. "Think you just played his game, reacting the way you did?"

"Probably." A casual shrug. "Then again, I know it's bugging the shit out of him that I'm touching you right now." He grinned, his spring green eyes full of mischief. "Want to dance?"

"In for a penny?"

"Always." He grinned evilly. "You in?"

"Always," I echoed. "Let's get Jack and Pearl. That'll really bug the shit out of him."

"Now, that's why I love your ass."

Changed into my black ceremonial robe, sans clothes underneath, I raced down the hallway...late again. I had smelled something lip-smacking after dancing for a half-hour, and had followed the scent to a smaller buffet table. There had been more brownies. I was there awhile, trying not to be too obvious as I went back for my fifth helping. Mmm-mmm.

Again, the platform was different this year. There were close to four thousand Mysticals here, and with no way to fit everyone in the Ceremony Arena, the school had decided to hold the Awakenings outside. The graduation-turned-Awakening area behind King Hall was almost done being rearranged as the organizers finished altering the chairs so that there was a large, empty square space on the lawn for all four Mys groups going through their Awakenings, with the seats surrounding it.

There were even students who weren't from New York who had come here for their Awakening. I was told it was an honor to be amongst the first groups Awakened by the named Prodigies. Whatever. It just meant more practice for us, but I really prayed we didn't screw up too badly. Also, I was really hoping there weren't any pregnant Shifters, because who even knew, since some were from out of town, if their boyfriend - or boyfriends - had come here. Fun all around.

I raced into Mrs. Jonas's office, not even bothering to stop and catch my breath this time. The Kings, the Prodigies, Mrs. Jonas, and again, the parents were in here before the Awakenings began. I halted inside the office, scoping the individuals I wanted to avoid.

King Kincaid was talking with Mrs. Jonas. Check.

King Venclaire was talking with King Nelson. Check.

Cahal was talking with Pearl, who was looking frantically about for help. Well, check and damn. I couldn't leave her with that man. She was the worst liar, besides Nikki, and she wasn't in here for him to pick on.

Sighing, I trudged across the room to Pearl's side, completely ignoring Ezra's dad, my gaze locked to her golden eyes. "Can I talk to you for a second?"

Snubbing him apparently wasn't a deterrent, because he still asked, "Lily, where have you decided your home base will be? Jack mentioned three different locations, Pearl says she's undecided, and Ezra's mentioned five." His head cocked so that he came in my line of sight, and Pearl's eyes were sympathetic. Guess that was what he had been hounding her about.

"Possibly New York," I explained, then altered my gaze to Pearl. "A minute, please?"

"Possibly..." Cahal purred, contemplative in his regard. "The latest any Prodigy has ever picked was a month before graduation and yet, none of you have a solid answer." Another head c**k into my field of vision. "Do you not think that unusual?"

"No," I stated, a little heat entering my tone. "But, I'm sure you do."

"Meaning?"

Taking a deep breath, I remembered what Ezra had said about him. "Nothing. Nothing at all." I smiled sweetly before physically steering Pearl away.

Close to my ear, Pearl hissed, "He's terrifying."

"He's also a Vampire and just heard you say that," I muttered, taking her to where Jack and Ezra stood talking quietly with their backs to everyone. I asked them, "What's going on?"

Jack made room for Pearl and I, and he whispered quietly, "After this thing's over, the plan's to bail. Have some time off before dinner tonight." His gaze was profound.

So we could talk privately about our plans for our home base issue. "My Hummer's where it's normally parked."

Ezra pointed at me. "We were hoping so. We can leave our cars here. Ride together."

Pearl glanced over her shoulder, then back to us. "The beach?"

Silently, we nodded. The beach was private if the guards stayed at a distance.

That decided, Jack glanced over at the group of Kings and parents, then glared at Ezra, griping with a hiss, "Your dad is like a bloodhound."

"And he can hear you," Ezra and I muttered as one.

"Oh." Jack rubbed his chin. "Right." His head cocked. "I always forget about that. What's that like, being able to hear everyone?"

Snickering, and with a quick glance at Ezra, then back to Jack, I whispered, "He wears earplugs to bed."

"How would you know that?" Cahal asked softly at my ear.

I jumped, my heart skipping a beat as I banged against Pearl, but...he wasn't behind me. He was clear across the room, speaking with King Fergus. My friends stared at me peculiarly, obviously not hearing what I had. Moving my wide-eyed gaze to Ezra, I whispered fiercely, "What type of powers does your dad have?"

Ezra blinked slowly, and then peered across the room to his dad. Stared. Spring green eyes flared briefly, dimly, and I was sure that if I hadn't physically seen his mouth move, I wouldn't have heard his voice. My mind knew it should be there, so I listened. It was quiet, like the gentlest of breezes, but ricocheted before me, after me, then farther past me, bouncing across the room until it hit its intended destination. "Leave her alone."

His dad's lips curved but he still held his conversation, evidently receiving the same treatment he had given me. It appeared he found it amusing.

"What was that?" Pearl asked, staggered, rubbing her ears.

"That was sick, man." Jack held up a fist.

Ezra fist bumped him, shrugging. "It's just an old form of communication."

"I don't like it." My wolf growled quietly as I stared at his dad. "So don't do that again, please." The last bit was directed to Cahal, and I got an immediate answer.

"It's so much more entertaining, don't you agree?" Cahal's voice purred at my ear, and I jolted. "Besides, you never answered my question."

I still didn't. If he wasn't going to respect me, then I wasn't even going to respond with a lie, much less the truth. He got no answer.

I lurched again, hearing him chuckle at my ear, and turned to Ezra, whose mouth was moving and I only caught the tail end of him saying in that funky way, "...affecting your hearing? I said to leave her the hell alone."

My voice was a mere breath. "I think he's getting us back for all that dancing."

His eyes were narrowed. "I know he is."

Abruptly, Antonio charged into the room, the door flying wide open to hit the wall. He didn't seem to notice, his nose buried in an old brown leather book of sorts. He had changed his clothes, too. He no longer wore his suit, but now, a pair of black cargos, a black t-shirt, and black boots, and his hair was tied back at his nape, his handsome features showing in sharp relief. His ensemble was completed with the two huge black duffels over his shoulders, their straps like an "X" over his chest. I had never seen him appear quite like this.

Absorbed and fervent and chilling, all at once.

The room went quiet as he trekked across the floor, only peering up from his book when he stood in front of the window I had broken with my uncle earlier. He stared out of it for a few moments, and shook his head slowly, his eyes closing. He whispered, "It's time."

Swiftly, Cahal weaved through the motionless gathering to stand next to him. "For?"

Antonio's eyes opened, and he shut the book. He lifted the duffels off his shoulders and let them fall heavily to the floor with a glance to Cahal, again whispering, "It's time." He turned from him, murmured a word, and the book in his hand glowed golden. Walking to Vivian, he held it out. "Take this. Keep it safe. Know that anyone who tries to read it will directly die."

Her startled, a green gaze flew from Antonio to Cahal.

Bizarrely, Cahal was unbuttoning his suit jacket, but he nodded once.

She took the proffered book, holding it gingerly, as if it might bite her.

"What's going on?" Mrs. Jonas asked, watching, like all of us, as Cahal finished removing his jacket, then began slipping his dress shoes and socks off.

Good question.

One that Antonio and Cahal ignored.

"Do they have time to leave?" Cahal probed, rolling his shirt sleeves up.

A glance at his watch. "The clock chimes twice."

Everyone in the room peered to the wall clock with the swinging pendulum, directly next to the broken window, even though I was pretty sure none of us had any clue what Antonio was talking about. It was one minute until two o'clock.

Cahal inhaled harshly, gazing from Vivian to Ezra with what almost looked like a dose of distress. His eyes slammed back to Antonio. "How many uninvited?"

Antonio squatted and unzipped the duffels, removing guns from their depths. Lots and lots of frigging guns. He whispered, "Too many."

Cahal sucked in another large breath. "How many casualties?"

"Too many," Antonio whispered once more, giving hand weapons to the Kings, who took them mutely, even if they were looking back and forth at each other with blank expressions.

The clock on the wall chimed twice.

"Is something going to happen?" Jack asked quickly, no longer able to stay mute. "If so, we need to know." He pointed toward the window. "Our mates are out there."

"There's no time." Antonio gazed at Ezra and me, then murmured softly, "Catch them."

An explosion rocked the floor beneath my feet, shaking the whole building.

Heart in my throat, I instantly crouched, like everyone else in the office.

With the exception of Pearl and Jack.

Pearl doubled over, holding her stomach and chest, shrieking piercingly.

Jack grabbed his head and chest, arching, bellowing brutally.

They fell.

Without thought, I went to my knees, the floor still vibrating under me, and thrust my arms out, catching Pearl just as Ezra dove and caught Jack. They were both unconscious.

Frantically, I shook Pearl - the sounds of another explosion and the frightened cries from outside harsh in the air - trying to wake her, but it didn't help. My breath seized in my lungs, unable to get oxygen over the fear that my best friends' lives were in jeopardy. I rapidly studied her stomach and chest where she had been holding. There was no blood soaking through her gown. Nothing looked wrong at all. Hands trembling, a sickening feeling began to override my terror, and I ripped into her black silk robe the smallest bit right at her belly button.

"Goddammit!" I roared, patting her flesh repeatedly, trying to make it come back. "No, goddammit!" It didn't reappear. My eyes tearing up, my gaze slammed to Ezra, and I shouted over the chaos, "Check Jack's hand!"

Ezra was staring at Pearl's unblemished belly - no mate mark - and he inhaled sharply, turning to his other best friend on his lap, and even as another explosion rocked the building we were in, the floor shaking violently under us, he slowly lifted Jack's hand and turned it over, spreading his slack fingers wide. It was gone. Jack's mate mark was gone.

Nikki and Gideon were both dead.

Tears instantly cut unrelenting, brutal paths down my cheeks. I stared at my best friends. When they woke... Oh, God. I didn't want them to go through the gut-wrenching agony. Not them. Not my best friends.

Lifting Pearl protectively, I placed her on my lap. I rocked her softly. Sobbing on her golden hair, I rubbed her back gently, and my blurry vision found Ezra.

He was doing much the same, holding Jack's back against his chest with his hand over his best friend's heart, staring down at it. In slow increments, he gazed up at me. His spring green eyes held the same grief for them as mine did.

Our sorrow was deep for our late mates, but time had muted it somewhat. Jack and Pearl's anguish was going to be so new and horrifying and profound that they would willingly drop into the bottomless pit of hell to escape it, just as it had tortured us.

"Wait!" Antonio's voice boomed throughout the room, deep and commanding. Furiously blinking through misery-filled tears, I saw the Kings and Cahal on their feet, rushing toward the door with weapons in hand. From the ground, Antonio thundered, "One more! Get down!"

Cahal stalled, and then moved with Vampire speed, blurring, when the Kings didn't listen, knocking each one to the ground and diving on top of their bodies haphazardly.

The next second, an explosion rocked the building so fiercely I screamed, holding Pearl tight as I fell on my side, Ezra landing next to me, protecting Jack as I was Pearl. The blast was so close it hurt my ears, ringing in pulses, and I watched as Ezra's mouth opened wide.

He roared in my face, covering his own, much more powerfully sensitive, ears.

Reaching out a shaking hand, I covered one of his hands with mine, trying to help him, and gritted my teeth as the explosion reverberated in jarring shocks. Dust flew into the room, clouding the space deep gray. I choked on it and tried to breathe shallowly, but that didn't offer any relief. Only when the dust started billowing out through the broken window was I able to breathe again, my lungs and eyes heavy and burning.

Ezra coughed as harshly as I did, and he lifted my hand I had laid on his, holding it between us as we peered around from the floor. The Kings and Cahal were beginning to rise, Mrs. Jonas and Vivian were watching from the ground under Mrs. Jonas's desk, Antonio was lifting to his knees and digging through the duffels, and Pearl and Jack's parents were slowly crawling to us. They had been on the far side of the room when the first explosion went off and had been trying to make their way here ever since, eyes steadfast on their children.

Antonio stopped their progress and started handing each of them weapons, shouting orders, "Go with the Kings. They'll need your help." They looked to Pearl and Jack, and Antonio barked, "They aren't dead! Unconscious. Not dead. Go!"

They nodded when shots were fired outside on the lawn, adding even more screams.

The Kings and Cahal stared at the doorway. Outside of it, what had once been the hallway was completely demolished. It appeared like part of the building had collapsed.

King Venclaire said to no-one in particular, "There were heartbeats out there."

As one, the Kings quickly nodded their thanks to Cahal for saving their lives.

Cahal shook his head, and pointed at Antonio, who had ordered it in the first place.

"Time to go!" Antonio barked, pointing at the broken window. "Our exit."

Curses of rage and screams of suffering were growing nearer, and everyone holding a weapon took a fortifying pause before they started piling through the window. Antonio waited until the last one was gone before he turned to us where we were laying Pearl and Jack in a corner of the office farthest away from the window and any stray bullets.

My heart was racing like mad, scared shitless, and I was heartbroken for my best friends, but there were Mysticals dying out there. My numb shock of this actuality had worn off. It was time to act. To fight.

Antonio moved in our direction. He kissed my forehead, wiping away my drying tears on my dust-gray face. "Don't go anywhere, Lil. Stay here. Get the gun I gave you this morning, and shoot anyone who enters through that window. Understand?" His voice was quiet, but it held a certain finality you didn't argue with.

But, still... "I can help," I jabbed a finger at the window, "out there."

He bent, face level with mine. "You leave, and Jack and Pearl might die in this room."

My lips pursed, but I gradually nodded. He was an Elder. In this situation, I trusted the Elder. Plus, he had never steered me wrong before.

He straightened, turning to Ezra, and stared him down. "I once asked you if you were good enough." Cries of torment flooded the air outside. "You never answered."

Ezra's voice was void of emotion. "I'm good enough." A simple statement of fact.

"Time tells all," Antonio whispered, before setting a hand on Ezra's shoulder. He peered at me, but tightened his grip on Ezra. "Do not shoot us. Only anyone that enters through that window."

I nodded once.

Antonio's eyes glowed, and they disappeared.

I blinked.

Antonio had just taken Ezra by means of his vanishing act. Transversing. I knew they were outside in the action while I had been left in here. My jaw clenched, but a quick glance to Jack and Pearl and I knew I was in the right place.

Dashing to the desk, I opened the drawer where I had stashed my gifted gun. After grabbing it with only a slightly shaking hand, I positioned myself on the floor in front of Vivian and Mrs. Jonas where they still hid under the desk.

Straightaway, Mrs. Jonas blathered, "He didn't tell me what to do. I'm getting the hell out of here."

"Stay down," I ordered, gun aimed at the window, where I could see Mys and Com attacking each other, their battle coming closer. "You go out there and you're dead." It was pure pandemonium. Like a stampede, but with weapons.

"I'm not going to stay in here and be a sitting duck," she hissed, and pushed out from under her hiding spot, standing. "I'm going."

"Mrs. Jonas, don't be stupid. Get under the damn desk," I pressed, eyes never wavering from my duty.

"Like I'm going to listen to you," she snarled. A hail of bullets from a machine gun fired from somewhere outside, rocking her body, her blood flying out behind her. Making not a sound, she was dead before she hit the floor.

"Mrs. Zeller," I hissed, trying hard not to gag, or gawk, at Mrs. Jonas's corpse, "don't you f**king move. You stay right under that desk. If you don't, I'll hog tie you down."

I saw the book that shimmered golden out of the corner of my eye as she held it out, waggling it once. "He gave me a task. And I'm going to do it. Safe does not mean running into bullets or bombs." She said it so reasonably, too. Logical, scary teacher.

"Good," I whispered, seeing a Com man race by the window too close. He came back, like I had figured he would. As soon as I saw his head, and gun, peek inside, I pulled the trigger, dropping him, then I stated, "Because I like safe, too. And Ezra would be mighty pissed if I let you die. Safe does not mean you piss off Ezra."

"I think we both understand what safe is." She leaned, pointing. "Incoming."

"She's, like, thirteen." I watched in shock as a Com teenager headed toward us.

"She will kill us just the same," Vivian stated, voice hard.

"I don't want..." I trailed off, watching the Com girl lift her gun and take aim on an elderly Elemental. "Oh, Jesus." I altered my aim to her, but before I could fire, she did. As the Elemental fell dead, I pulled the trigger. My heart twisted for all of a beat at ending such a young life, before sanity returned when I saw another elderly Elemental scream and drop on top the dead Elemental. She was holding her chest, and crying out in pain as she passed out.

Her mate.

Taken.

Murdered at the hands of supposed innocence.

My heart hardened in that very instant, rock solid...cold.

"Another one." Vivian pointed. "Com male to the right."

I watched as he came straight for the window. He didn't see me as he walked. He didn't see me as he started to lift himself inside the room. Nor did he see me as I shot him dead.

Four Coms came directly after, doubtlessly from seeing the Com male drop. They all went down. There were the beginnings of a decent body pile outside the window. I worried it would attract more.

It did.

The Coms were like freaking gnats. One right after another came to the window, trying to enter. They came to their death. Shape. Size. Race. Age. Sex. None of that mattered. Every single one of them fell by my hand.

"Perhaps I could grab one of those bodies and have a snack," Vivian murmured.

"We already had this conversation," I grumbled, firing off another shot. Direct hit. I really loved this gun. "You aren't moving a muscle."

"I was kidding. Safe. I like safe, and you're an excellent shot, so you're safe," she muttered. A pause. "How long has Ezra been gone now?"

A quick glance at the clock, which was miraculously still attached to the wall. "Thirteen minutes, give or take a few." It had only been fifteen since the first explosion had gone off. "I'm sure he's fine." He had better be, or I was going to kill Antonio. "And you know your mate's fine." She was still coherent.

Firing, I shot a Com man, who looked like he was near a hundred, as he struggled to move through the dead bodies, his destination the window. How the hell had he survived these last fifteen minutes? It was crazy.

She snorted. "Cahal doesn't die. He may get hurt, but that man just keeps on ticking." She sounded proud. It was so odd having this conversation right now. Especially when the woman had barely talked to me so far today. I was beginning to think she was really terrified, and conversing sanely was how she dealt with a life-or-death situation. "You think this room's spelled? It stayed intact when the rest of the ceilings around us went down."

I do believe I was right. "Who knows?" Who cares? Anyone else would have just been grateful it was still intact, but she was making herself think things through rationally to keep her mind off the situation.

"What do you suppose is in this book?" she asked.

"No clue, but unless you want to die-by-spell, I would suggest-"

"Safe, remember?" she interrupted. "I was just wondering if you'd ever seen it before, since he raised you."

"Never saw it before today," I muttered, but a second later I wondered at the truth of my statement. Antonio had always had tons of books. He liked to read a lot, but kept them under lock-and-spell, never letting me even hold one.

"How long's it been now?" she asked.

"Two minutes since the last-" I stopped cold when Antonio and Ezra reappeared in the same spot they had left. Gasping, I crawled quickly - staying low - over to Ezra. I screamed at Antonio, "You let him get hurt!"

Ezra was panting and bending over with his hands on his knees...covered in blood.

I had no clue where his injuries were, but they had to be extensive. Rising on my knees and cupping his bloody cheeks, I scanned his wide eyes. He looked like he was in shock. My grip tightened on his face as rage and fear warred inside me. Trembling furiously, my brutally glowing gaze swung to Antonio, who was f**king spotless, and I shouted feverishly, "You aren't taking him anywhere else. Never-fucking-again!"

Gasping, breathless, Ezra huffed, "Sweetheart..." Bloody hands lifted off his knees, and he cupped my own cheeks, bringing my face back to his. "I'm not hurt. I'm okay."

My eyes darted over his body, since I couldn't move my head inside his hold, before gazing back into his eyes, and with an emotional, shaking voice, I explained softly, "Ezra, you're in shock. Sit down. I can't tell where you're bleeding from. I need to look you over." My eyes were tearing up, and I blinked hard, determined to stay strong. If he was shot with silver in too many places, or even in just the right place...

"I'm not hurt," he whispered, still trying to catch his breath, bringing his bloody face closer. "The blood's not mine. It's from those things I killed." He peered up at Antonio, who was standing there calmly, aiming my gun, which I must have dropped at some point, at the window. "What were they?"

"Things?" I blubbered, blinking rapidly. "Are you sure you're okay?" I sniffled. Pathetic, really, but he looked so awful. "You could be shot and you don't know it." Definitely, too awful to be unharmed. "I think you should sit down."

Ezra chuckled softly, staring into my eyes. "I wasn't shot." My lips started quivering, and his eyes dipped to my mouth, then back to my gaze. "Don't do that. You know I suck when you start crying." His fingers tightened on my cheeks, and he shook my head a little, which - oddly - did stop my tears. "I'm fine. I promise."

My eyes darted over him again. "You sure?" That didn't smell like his blood.

"I'm sure," he crooned gently, leaning forward and kissing my forehead. "I don't go down that easily. Have more faith."

Believing him, the tension-filled breath that rushed out of me was enormous.

"Now that she's done freaking out," Antonio's tone was factual as he glanced at the clock as Ezra pulled his lips back from my forehead, "it's time for your next job."

My wolf growled, my eyes still glowing. "He's done enough." Whatever it had been. He had enough blood on him that it should damn well be enough.

Antonio raised his eyebrows before returning his gaze to the window. "I was talking about the four of you."

Ezra glanced to Pearl and Jack, both still unconscious. "They aren't going anywhere."

Vivian cleared her throat from under the desk across the room. Ezra and I blinked, both of us having forgotten she was here, and instantly dropped our hands from each other's faces as she began speaking, her tone clipped. "I can probably carry one of them."

"Your job's the book," Antonio specified. "Although, you will be going with the four of them." He shot a Com man trying to get into the office. "And the others."

As I stayed in a crouch next to Ezra in his blood-soaked black robe, my eyes were on Antonio, and I asked, "What job? What do you want us to do?"

After glancing at the clock again, his eyes found mine for a heartbeat before returning to his post. "What I've always trained you to do, Lil." He paused to shoot another Com. "It's time to run."

"Run?" I asked sluggishly. Yes, I knew how to do that and what it took to do it successfully, but that didn't seem advisable in the current situation.

He nodded. Another glance at the clock. "That was only the first round, with two more to go, and they've already got the place surrounded. If you want to save yourself, and your friends, it's time to run. I taught you when. I taught you how. You know the odds. Think, Lil."

First round. Two more to go. Already surrounded.

Slowly, I blinked. "Okay." I nodded as I straightened, understanding. "We run."

