Chapter One

June 12, 2014

Felix - one of my two elite guards - bent behind me, whispering against my ear, "Queen Ruckler, are you feeling all right?"

Teeth clenching, I glanced across the room where Bindi, a Mage physician, sat, watching me like a hawk while wearing an expression of aggravated frustration she wasn't even trying to hide. Already having to deal with her, I did not need - nor want - Felix's added worried attention.

Because no, I wasn't all right.

I had been in labor for the last five hours.

My abdomen was contracting, squeezing painfully as if sadistic blades were stabbing my nine-months-pregnant belly - on a repeating loop - as if the muscles were gratified to cause me even more agony than I was normally in. I was sweating worse than a Thanksgiving turkey roasting in an oven, and feeling much like that too. I knew I was going to have this baby soon.

But I was needed here, in the headquarters.

Since Bindi had ordered me to do only extremely light physical activity. I had originally told her to go to hell when she had first attempted to put me on bed rest when I was only four months pregnant. But I had given in and met her halfway; I stopped blasting into actual combat when I became six months pregnant - that was three months ago.

Although, even now, I wasn't surrendering completely.

Not just yet anyway.

I breathed in through my nose and slowly out through my mouth as another contraction attacked, making me light-headed and want to double over in brutal agony. Struggling to push past the heinous ache, I managed to remain focused on Commander Lyons speaking into my ear through a headset while I stayed standing straight and stared at the infra-red images on four different screens. All monitors showed different angles of the Com Royal Australian Air Force base in Brisbane, Australia that we were currently infiltrating. Under my direct lead, my camp had worked its way up from the coast of Sydney, Australia seven months ago when Mystical/Commoner World War II - MCWWII - had begun.

This mission against the Com RAAF was imperative to our next push northward.

Too bad my elite guard started to hover even more when I didn't answer.

Perfect.

"I'm working, Felix," I whispered so I wouldn't disturb the techies, the other operatives, or the Elders hustling around us, everyone wearing headsets and talking to our group of Mysticals currently in the heat of battle. "Leave." I put a bit of my Shifter power into the command. I needed him to go away so I could focus on not collapsing on the floor of the tent we were in.

He stiffened. I could tell he didn't want to go. Felix was wanting an affirmation I was all right, which I could not give him because with his Shifter nose he would scent the lie. I ignored him, grabbing a set of papers one of the techies gave me on the current coordinates of our people versus the Coms inside the air force base as the battle raged on. Felix eventually backed away.

Flicking through the sheets, I swiped my forehead, amazed at what I was feeling, the block of ice I had become having been chipped away these past five hours as the pain of the labor had intensified. Right now, I wasn't the arctic Queen I had become. I wasn't the way I needed to be. The way I had to be to keep me sane.

After listening to Commander Lyons ask for my opinion on field position, I responded, "Sweep the north end. Elder Farrar," ah, there was the ice, a breeze sweeping through my veins, "is to the west; his team is minutes from entering the target. I want you to hold the north for any Coms that will more than likely flee in that direction."

"Hostages?" Commander Lyons asked with a chuckle.

I felt nothing. Just saying the name of Antonio, Elder Farrar, the man I thought of as 'Dad' once upon a time, shot ice water through my veins. "Do a spell to find their highest ranking official before they get to you. Take their leader as hostage, so I can interrogate him or her," I heard Commander Lyons chuckle again quietly, "and kill the rest." I snapped the paperwork closed, a contraction shattering the ice, heat flooding my system so hard I shivered as I placed a bracing hand on the desk near me. "These are the bastards that lined up and shot the hostages they had acquired outside Southport." Their hostages were a group of Mysticals that had only included two elderly grandparents trying to flee with their five grandchildren - after the children's parents had been hanged on flagpoles by the Com army here as a blatant 'fuck you' to our forces that were kicking their asses. "We need to show them what a 'fuck you' really is."

Quiet, then dead seriousness. "Understood, Queen Ruckler."

My lips pinched as I felt a sudden heaviness between my thighs. "Commander Kester will be taking over the relay with you." I pressed my legs together, feeling a need to squeeze my thighs together to keep from pushing, the baby was pressing so hard. I glanced at Bindi as I leaned heavily on the table, barely able to see her because my vision was so blurry. No answer came over the headset. "I need an affirmative that you heard me, Commander Lyons?"

"You're leaving command? Right now?" he finally asked, sounding bewildered.

He probably was, since I never left during a battle. "I have to take care of something. Here's Commander Kester." I tugged the headset off, thrusting it against a surprised Commander Kester and telling him, "It's Commander Lyons on the north end, waiting for stragglers. You're now his relay." I left it at that, slowly turned, and began walking as gently as I was breathing so I didn't faint. I was no stranger to pain, having been shot and stabbed multiple times, but f**k, my vision was now blurring to pinpoints. This raw, agonizing pain was on a whole other level. A whole other stratosphere, if I was honest with myself. I never cried over pain anymore, having decided my tear ducts had frozen over along with my mind, but right now, I wanted to drop in the middle of the floor and bawl like a goddamn baby. Though I trembled, wobbling, I still managed to brush off Felix by letting my wolf take voice, growling at him.

Bindi was instantly next to me, grabbing my arm, and gently but firmly leading me outside the black tent into the camp, away from the few individuals who had taken notice of my incoherent state. I wore a charm around my neck that Antonio had made, hiding my pregnancy from all eyes but his and Bindi's, and the added heartbeat inside me from Vampires' ears, but I still must have looked like shit because those who had eyed me had worn expressions of worry. I hardly remembered what worry felt like. Only pain and numbness and anger had been my shifting emotions since a spelled mind sweep had been done on me.

All because I, Lily Ruckler, Queen of the Shifters had at one time had sex with a Vampire.

No one had confirmed this. The two I had deduced that knew, Bindi and Antonio, never communicated who the father was, under some damn spell themselves, which Antonio had never tried to reverse to help me. Instead, when I occasionally lost it completely and screamed at them to tell me who the father was, they turned into stone, never giving a damn thing away. Not even when I started naming Mysticals at random. Nothing. They did f**king nothing to help me, and some may say that, sadly, they were the closest people to me. I never let anyone else near, not wanting anyone else.

I spent my free time alone, caged by the barely leashed chaos I had become. My mind was tormented by memories I couldn't access, fractions of time completely absent. I could remember waking in bed at the former King Shifter's home, after that, nothing, then suddenly I was at school at King Hall. The time between was a yawning void, but still, I had knowledge - it had to be knowledge - within the voids of my mind, because I knew things but couldn't remember how I had gained the information. It was just there. That, in itself, made me dizzy at times.

And all of this because I had slept with a Vampire. These were the bare bits of evidence I had: a black and red ring with an inscription that read The Beauty Is Found, and a man's overlarge grey t-shirt that read Live Hard or Die Bored, which I had been wearing when I had woken from my mind sweep. Add in the risks of ha**ng s*x with a Vampire - Law 6002 set up specifically for a spelled mind sweep and separation if two Mysticals of different factions were found guilty of sexual relations - and the intimate ring, those two things combined indicated that we had loved each other. A useless emotion, if I ever saw one. And that was all I did. I saw how other Mysticals loved each other, because I sure as hell could not remember it with whoever was the father of my unborn child.

"Focus," Bindi ordered quietly, practically holding me up as we walked through the camp full of white tents, beelining toward mine. "Your tent's only a bit further." Luckily for her, she didn't mention I had waited too long to leave headquarters, because I probably would have let my voice out and she would be dead right now. "And quit growling at me, others can hear you."

Huh, guess my wolf was making an appearance.

By the time Bindi had pushed my tent flap aside, my teeth were clenched so hard I was surprised I hadn't broken a few. The flap closed behind us, and inside the privacy spell Antonio had created, the golden magic sparkling on the walls, I gave up all semblance of trying to contain the pain and screamed, grabbing my stomach and hunching, finally able to stop squeezing my legs, and muscles, together. Instantly, I felt a gush of warm water rush down between my thighs. Bindi grabbed me and, completely surprising me, lifted me clean off my feet, carrying me like a child while cursing under her breath.

She walked onto the burgundy and black rug that lay over the grass. On the left, she passed the two tall, plush burgundy chairs and a black couch with a small coffee table. On the right, there was a minibar I had set up. Since the war had started there were always Elders and Commanders interrupting my few moments of solitude, coming to my tent to discuss issues, and it was easy to get them to leave with a drink in their hand and half drunk. I had also made Antonio alter my tent so it was sectioned for privacy, my bedroom off the main entertaining area spelled for only those I let pass, into which Bindi now entered, brushing past another white tent flap.

Everything was the same on this side of the tent as always. No matter what camp we went to, the room was spelled that way. To the right stood two large cherry wood dressers with a Mage mirror in between, and next to those was my king-sized bed with burgundy sheets, plush pillows, and a leopard print fur bedspread with two cherry wood end tables on either side that held black wrought-iron lamps. There was also a burgundy bassinet for the baby next to the bed. Other than the new addition of the birthing bed on the left, it was deceptively homey...until you looked closer and saw that the whole room was sterile and cold, as I was now, with no personal items to be found, except maybe a book or two I had purchased to try to take my mind off...not remembering, which was harder than you could imagine.

"Shower," I stated when Bindi tried to lay me on the birthing bed. "My water broke all over my legs."

Bindi narrowed her eyes and disobeyed me, laying me firmly on the birthing bed. "There are going to be many more fluids coming from your body, so I wouldn't worry about your water breaking." She leaned over my face, gazing down at me. "You're on my turf now. You will do as I say if you want your child to be born without complications." She grinned - it was a little evil - making me blink at her as I hunched and grabbed my rounded belly. "I can imagine you would like something for the pain?"

I huffed, breathing in and out in ragged pants. "You're a doctor from hell."

She patted my cheek, still wearing that malevolent smirk. "Why yes, I can be...or, if you behave and do as told, I can be your saving grace, a heaven-born doctor." She stared me in the eyes as I breathed through the pain. "So what's it going to be, Queen Ruckler? Good patient? Or bad patient?"

I shouted, seriously wanting to push out the agony. "I don't think we've got time for good patient/bad patient." I groaned low, sweat dripping off my forehead. "I need to push." I started tearing my clothes off. Boots, socks, leather maternity pants, underwear, shirt, bra - everything went as I readied myself to do as my body was driving me to do...even as Bindi froze.

The hell-born doctor stood stunned, then a litany of curses flew from her mouth - damn near proving my point with her extensive vocabulary - as she banged open drawers on the side of the bed, grabbing a hospital gown and shoving my arms through it before yanking gloves over her now glowing hands. "Goddamn..." She mumbled something else unintelligibly, shoving me onto my back. "Queen bullshit..." More mumbling as she pushed my legs apart and performed an internal exam, then she shouted, "Fucking hell!"

Another scream echoed, but the sound was all mine, flying past my wide open mouth even as she yanked her cell phone out of her pocket, blood covering her latex gloves, and dialed numbers.

She glared between my legs as she held the phone to her ear. A pause while I panted, then she barked/yelled into the receiver, "I don't care if you're in the middle of killing someone. Your grandchild is f**king crowning already. Get your ass here." She tossed her phone onto the floor, mumbling, "Thank God he put the protection spell on your tent."

I screamed, agreeing wholeheartedly as I involuntarily pushed. Antonio had informed me that the Executioner, the one Mystical whose job it was to slaughter any hybrid, was linked with a spell to any hybrid being born, the spell physically pushing the Mystical to go where the child was and exterminate the baby. The protection spell Antonio had put on my tent safeguarded that from happening, but Antonio still needed to put a cloaking spell on the baby, which he had finally perfected two weeks ago, since he or she wouldn't be able to hide their sleeping powers, and everyone would sense his or her hybrid nature. I hadn't told Bindi or Antonio I knew the father was a Vampire, since they never told me shit, but because of my own hybrid nature of Vampire and Shifter, I knew the baby would automatically have my genes.

"Okay, okay," Bindi breathed deeply, and she instantly transformed, rolling her neck on her shoulders, and when she looked back up at me, it was the physician staring at me. "You're going to push when I tell you to, not when you want to." Her hands glowed golden, and she pushed my knees up around my large belly. "Grab your knees, and keep them up." One hand went to my stomach, and she stared between my legs as I relaxed while the contraction was gone...fuck...never mind. "Okay, take a deep breath and push." Both hands went between my legs, and I screamed, grunting, bearing down as I gripped my legs, pushing with all I had.

That was when Antonio suddenly appeared in his battle attire, splatters of blood covering his face and clothes. Again, ice filled my veins, but not as much as usual, my body feeling too much torture. Pain was overriding any other emotion right now. The blood drained from Antonio's face as he stared wide-eyed, teetering. He looked like he was going to drop in a dead faint.

Bindi growled at him, "You kill how many Coms daily? And you can't take the sight of birth?"

I sucked in a breath, groaning deeply as I pushed again when Bindi ordered me to.

Again, her eyes flew to Antonio. "Go wash your hands and get rid of that shirt before you come over here." She growled. "And you will be coming over here, so get your f**king act together."

Antonio blinked, swallowing hard, but he stopped swaying where he stood. Nodded. Then raced to the small flap at the back of my tent where the magically enchanted bathroom was.

"Good, Queen Ruckler," Bindi murmured, her focus back on the task at hand. "You're doing really well." Her lips tilted when I stopped pushing to haul in huge lungfuls of air. "A couple more pushes like that and the baby will be out."

"Thank God," I muttered breathlessly, shaking my head back and forth, trying to clear my pain-filled blurry vision. "I'd rather be shot...and maybe burned...than do this much longer."

She nodded. "Natural childbirth, which you're having since you wouldn't leave headquarters-" I growled, my wolf shining out through my eyes, and she cleared her throat, "Natural childbirth isn't easy for any mother. Some might say it is, but they're lying out their ass because this part is not easy, or pain free, for any woman. But you're young and healthy, and those few pushes were excellent." She paused, her hands glowing brighter. "And I want you to push again now."

I felt my stomach constrict, and I shouted, pushing with all I had, not even realizing until I was done that Antonio had come back into the room to hold my back in support. And at this moment, I didn't care he was touching me, only that he was helping.

"Ahh," I shouted, grinding my teeth, shaking with the effort of the next push, watching Bindi keep one hand between my legs while she threw open a drawer on the side of the bed, pulling something blue out before that hand went back between my legs.

My head fell back as the contraction stopped, and I panted in great gulps. Antonio softly brushed my sweat-drenched hair off my face, gently kissing my forehead and murmuring soothingly, while I took a mini-nap. Until Bindi shook my leg, and I bared down, pushing again, screaming at the pain.

Bindi nodded quickly. "One more. One more good push."

"I am pushing good," I growled, but took a deep breath and heaved, squeezing my stomach muscles, shoving down with everything I had. And suddenly I could breathe, the agony not as horrendous, not at all. My head flopped against Antonio's shoulder as I breathed heavily, about ready to faint but unable to take my eyes off what I saw in front of me.

My baby.

In Bindi's arms, who was cleaning out its nose and mouth and cutting the umbilical cord in record time as the shaking squall of a baby filled the air around us, sounding loud and pissed off.

Antonio's grip on me was just as shaky as I was. "Is it a boy or a girl?"

Bindi grinned, covering the baby in a blanket. "It's a girl." My heart stuttered, and I started crying softly. They were warm tears, not cold ones like usual, as Bindi laid her on my chest. I instantly gripped the fretful bundle, keeping her safe.

Antonio shook his head, chuckling softly before bending and placing his face next to mine to get a look at her, but the blanket was covering a portion of her face.

Carefully, holding her with one arm, I lifted the blanket away to show her face.

"Wow, Lil," Antonio said in wonder. "She's beautiful." I felt his cheek crease against mine as he grinned and stated with pride, "My granddaughter is absolutely beautiful." He squeezed my shoulder. "Good job, kiddo."

"I'm not sure how much I had to do with this face," I murmured, staring in wonder.

He grunted. "Are you joking? She looks just like you!"

She was a beauty, even if flushed from screaming her head off. Her eyes were slightly tilted, almond-shaped, but so were mine, having inherited that from my biological dad, King Venclaire. Her cheeks were rosy and full, healthy. I ran the tip of my finger over her straight, tiny nose, which I guess did resemble mine, infuriating her further. Her chin trembled, and my heart melted with the action. Her face was heart-shaped, and precious like a china doll's.

She was perfect.

"If she looks just like me, I'm damn gorgeous," I mumbled, my eyes scanning her features again as I ran my finger over her red eyebrows, which had a delicate arched shape.

Antonio glanced at me, his eyebrows furrowed. "Of course you are."

I huffed, but he had stated the truth. I ignored the compliment and tugged the blanket back further, revealing her hair. My breath caught. "That's a lot of hair already." Antonio grunted in agreement, both of us lifting a hand and fingering the inch-long hair. "And it's not just red; she's got black streaks." Not many, but there were a few. I blinked, glancing at Antonio. "I'll have to say I adopted her." She had more visible Vampire traits than Shifter ones. "Wait...can you tell me if she should claim being a Shifter or a Vampire?" Just because her hair was this color, it didn't mean her power would not be stronger as a Shifter.

Antonio's head tilted as he stared at her, lightly running his thumb over the side of her precious cheek. His eyes glowed softly, and he lifted his other hand, murmuring silently, and touched her chest, right over her Core, his finger glowing.

She stilled, her lips thinning and her eyebrows puckered.

Instantly my wolf growled - savagely. "You're not hurting her, are you?"

"No," he whispered with a slight shake of his head. "It only feels warm to her." He blinked, and his eyes and finger stopped glowing. He smiled softly, leaning to kiss her forehead. "A little Vampire you will be."

I nodded once then jiggled her a little, worried that she wasn't screaming at me...then her lips trembled and she went back to squalling. There. A good pair of lungs.

Antonio explained, "You won't be able to just say you adopted her. You'll have to legally do it, so no one ever scents the lie."

I cooed to her, rocking her softly. "Let's get that done as soon as possible."

He nodded, smiling at me.

I instantly backed off from the love shining in his eyes, and I watched him flinch, his smile dimming. Just because I was having a conversation with him outside of the battlefield, it didn't make things all right between us. In fact, even though I was brimming with love that couldn't be diminished while holding my baby girl, a bit of the usual coldness seeped back into me as I stared at him.

His nostrils flared, and he inhaled heavily. Lips pinched, he swiftly turned his devotion back to my daughter. Lifting a hand, he rubbed her back softly, and she quieted some. "What are you going to call my granddaughter?"

My jaw clenched at his reference, but I didn't renounce his claim. I turned my attention to her. "Her name will be Isadora Marie Ruckler." I ran my hand over her soft head. "For a nickname, I'll call her Isa."

"That's a beautiful name for a beautiful girl," Antonio stated, an affectionate, full smile curving his lips. "It's perfect."

"All right," Bindi murmured, moving around me. "I need to check Isa out." She glanced at Antonio. "And you need to do your spell."

Antonio hesitated then asked, "May I?" His hands hovered over her.

I kissed her forehead, my eyes welling again with warm tears as I didn't want to let her go, but after a few more caresses, I eventually nodded.

Antonio lifted Isa with the greatest care and began the protection spell, doing the only thing right by me he had done in a long time...keeping my daughter safe.

Chapter Two

"Ba-ba-blah-bu-blah-ba." Isa grinned, gifting me her sneaky smile. "Ta!"

She wiggled merrily, giggling, her red and black hair swaying with her rocking motion as she started again, staring down at me where she lay on my chest. "Ba-blah-blah-bu-ba-ba." She laughed, hiccupping with her merriment, which she then thought was equally hilarious and just about rolled off me with her hilarity.

"That's right," I nodded grandly, smiling at my daughter and holding her safely. One of my true joys in life. I brushed my hand tenderly through her soft hair, amazed every day at how fast she was growing. She may be tiny for a Mystical her age - just a little over three months old now - but it seemed like she was huge. "You tell me all about it."

This was part of my cherished free time. I had taken only a week to recover after giving birth to her and having my tubes magically tied - again - before going back to work, my duty unbreakable. Plus, I couldn't do anything to rouse suspicions. The fact that so many had seen me ill when I was in labor had actually worked in my favor, giving me an excuse for being gone for the entire week. I had told everyone that I had simply been overworked, and it had made me ill. The excuse was true, and no one batted an eye, most already having taken a few days here and there for relaxation from our stressful duties. But, on the plus side, going back to work meant I got to alleviate my anger by fighting again, the one other true joy in my life.

I opened my eyes wide when Isa changed up her babbling to make a 'ma' sound. Coaxingly, I urged, "Ma...ma." I was determined that was going to be her first word. I nodded, smiling blindingly. "Come on, Isa. Say mama."

She blew a raspberry instead, then to add insult to injury she babbled, "Pa." And stared. "Pa."

My eyes narrowed.

Antonio had been spending a lot of time with her when I wasn't around. He had better not have been trying to get her to say 'papa' or 'grandpa' yet. I had gotten over the fact that he was dead set on calling her 'granddaughter' every time he was around because he pretty much was her grandfather, but still, he was not going to own her first word. That was mine. Staring into her eyes that had once been blue, but were now the most stunning spring green, I pointed the tip of my finger against her bitty bronze nose, her coloring darker than my peaches-and-cream complexion. "Mama. Not pa."

She grunted, shaking her head swiftly and puckering her Cupid's bow mouth. "Pa."

My lips pinched, and I held her close, lifting us off the bed and marching straight out of my tent. Everyone had seen her here, so it was no longer a shock when they saw me carrying a Vampire baby, the legal adoption process having been completed. I had gotten some grief from the Shifter Elders -I had to kick the living shit out of one for his comment, greatly enjoying it - but adopting a child wasn't anything they could really argue about, plus most here knew and respected/feared me. Now, they practically called me a saint because I had adopted one of our own 'needy' children, so many kids having lost their parents already in this war. I only kept my distance, like normal, letting them believe what they wished since it worked in my and Isa's favor.

Isa bounced in my arms, clapping her hands because we were outside, staring up at the Mage-spelled protection dome over our encampment.

Not bothering to ask for entrance, I barged inside Antonio's tent, which was almost identical to mine if you disregarded all of the golden spells lingering throughout. He was lying on the couch, relaxing while reading a book. Again, as normal, the very sight of him made my blood run cold. When his startled gaze met mine, I demanded, "You've taken my first word! You're not supposed to do that!" I pointed at my chest, riotous anger flooding my veins, melting a bit of the ice. "It was supposed to be mine!"

Isa quieted in my arms, her gaze watchful with her eyes darting back and forth between the two of us. She was extremely intelligent for a child, and that wasn't just my hopeful wish as her mother. She watched everything with a keen eye, cautious like me, but extremely intuitive when the situation called for it. I was pretty sure that was caused by her strong Vampire genes; it was almost as if she was already scenting emotions, which she couldn't yet do, though it sometimes seemed like it. And yes, I was a proud mommy.

Antonio sat up, carefully placing his book on the coffee table. "Lil, I don't understand what you're accusing me of."

I huffed, glancing down at Isa. Smiling gently, I kissed her forehead to loosen her from her quietness, bouncing her a little, then I asked in a soothing voice, pointing at Antonio, "Isa, who is that?" I bounced her again, laughing lightly, almost completely faking it, but not wholly because she grinned at me. "Can you tell me who he is?"

She giggled and opened her arms wide in Antonio's direction. "Pa."

My wolf growled, my attention slamming to Antonio.

He tried to hide it, I could tell he really did, but a huge, flashing grin still graced his handsome features, and he was instantly on his feet, lifting her from my arms. Hell, he even twirled her while she giggled and squealed in excitement.

My wolf huffed, irritated...but, at the same time, I loved seeing her so happy.

Still, I grumbled, "She was so close to saying mama."

Antonio chuckled, but he quickly coughed to cover it and held Isa close. "I'm sure she'll say it next."

I pointed at myself. "I was supposed to be first." My eyes went to Isa, and I nodded, whispering, "Can you say mama?"

She giggled, tucking her head under Antonio's chin. "Pa."

I groaned, throwing my hands up in the air because there was absolutely no fighting that face. "Fine." I tilted my head back and forth in time to the sounds. "Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa." She giggled, so I did it again. I sighed in motherly resignation, taking her back from Antonio, but complained to him, "It doesn't mean she loves you more. It's just easier to say."

His lips twitched. "I know."

I bared my teeth, but I stalled and blinked when an official, spelled letter with my name on it appeared directly in front of my face. It continued to hover there, not moving. I growled softly but handed Isa back to Antonio, then I plucked the letter from the air. I cracked the seal and pulled the sheet of thick paper out of the envelope.

Unfolding it, I read its contents.

Reread it. "What the f**k?"

"What does it say?" Antonio asked, maneuvering to read over my shoulder.

I turned toward the light, hearing Antonio exhale heavily when he didn't get a chance to snoop. Peering at it closer, I made sure I was reading it correctly. I shook my head, seriously confused because we were doing so well here in Australia. In the three months since I had gone back onto the battlefield, we had almost reached the northern area where the Royal Australian Army bases were. Not that it was because of just me, but still, only three months.

I waved the letter. "It's from Elder Harcourt. He's relocating us to the US. Says he's moving some of the Elders, Kings, and Queens around, trying different Mysticals in power together, attempting to find a better fit. He hopes it will benefit our efforts in the war."

Antonio grabbed the letter from my hands, scanning the contents. It looked like he read it twice, like I had, then he shrugged a shoulder. "There's nothing else to do except for what he says. He's the senior Elder and runs the show." He actually smiled. "I can't wait to get back to the States."

My jaw clenched, the familiar iciness overtaking my limbs. "But we're almost to the north. Our goal here is almost accomplished. I don't want to leave this behind."

Again, his shoulder shrugged. "We're needed elsewhere." He handed Isa back to me. "And we don't have a choice." He rustled the letter in his hand. "This is war, Lil. We don't always get to pick what we're doing. We just go wherever we're needed."

Breathing heavily through my nose, I eventually nodded. "These Coms were beginning to bore me, as of late. They've been breaking too easily in interrogations." I smiled, and it was feral as I thought of the new Com blood that could be spilt in North America. Even with Isa, my mind was still in chaos. Only her joyful attention and the fighting in battle kept me from going completely insane, my heart only melting in unconditional love when around her and my veins only melting in anger from their frozen state when slicing Coms' heads off with my short swords - my Cizano. Any other time, I was still that block of ice. I nodded once curtly, turning to the door. "A distraction, a new challenge, sounds interesting."

Antonio called after me, "Be packed by morning. The orders are for us to leave within twelve hours of receipt."

I ignored him because I had read the letter, too, and already knew this. I wouldn't have to pack but two duffles: one for me and one for Isa. The rest had been spelled to set up at whatever camp we went to. Which meant Isa, Bonnie - my Vizoac - and I had the evening to ourselves, which was just what I preferred.

Swaying with the motion of the cargo ship, which looked identical to the one we had arrived in Australia on, I wondered if it was the same one, and if it was specifically used for carrying Mysticals from country to country. We were on our way to the States, and I reclined the seat in my Hummer, sitting on the driver's side while Bonnie sat on the passenger side and Isa slept in the back on her child seat. And, like normal when no one was near, I closed my eyes and tried to remember. Antonio, Felix, Aros, and Bindi were watching a movie on the small television that sat on the rickety old wooden table at the end of the cargo hold, so I wouldn't be disturbed.

Well, I would be disturbed, but only in my mind.

Thoughts ricocheted, making my head ache, but I tried focusing on a simple memory rather than all of them at once, trying to push past that black void of nothingness. But only chilling anger met my attempts, and I growled softly, rubbing a hand over my face. Then I tried again, focusing on another blacked out section. With only the same results.

Opening my eyes, I stared at the ceiling. Being mind raped, having someone sift through your most intimate experiences, see them, and pluck your life from your mind, leaving gaping holes, could only create a monster out of what was left. I wasn't afraid - never afraid - to admit freely that I had become a terror at times. And I was content with the monster, which someone else had made by stealing from me, traumatizing my very soul. I was a jaded individual whom my younger self wouldn't recognize. I had grown up and now saw life as the cruel reality that it was.

Life was not pleasant. Life was not kind. It only gave you sips of joy when you were parched. And when it handed you a full glass, it stole it from you when you turned your head, only the remnants of condensation on your palm left to let you know it had been there in the first place.

Life was harsh, leaving not even a bitter taste in your mouth. Instead, it left a burning acid. That acid consumed you when you finally swallowed down the blissful ideals your parents had fed you.

Unsure of how long I had zoned out for, I shifted and grabbed one of the files from Elder Harcourt that had been delivered - having just appeared- for me to review the camp's officials. Flipping through the files, I didn't need to see the cliff notes on the front stating the head officials were Vampire. Hell, more than half their Commanders were Vampires. No wonder Elder Harcourt wanted to switch things around. Was I guilty of the same thing back in our camp? Maybe. But still...I glanced at the name of the camp again. King Shadow. I snorted, even though I didn't really feel the humor, the action mindless. The name was a dead giveaway that the most powerful of the group was a Vampire. And the notes at the top of each chosen Commander proved as much.

Elder Zeller and King Zeller ran the show.

I had never met the two Kings and other Queen, but from what I heard around the camp through passing gossip, they were just as hardcore as I was. I could respect that, but it was still daunting to know I was to meet one of my co-Rulers, to go onto his turf. It would have been much easier to have him come to my camp where I was already known and feared. Now my duty was making me deal with the King Vampire, who I already knew - though I didn't know how I knew that. I also knew by my Vizoac that he was the most powerful of the four Rulers. I wasn't intimidated or scared; it more gave me a headache, like an irritation, knowing I would have to put up with someone more powerful than I was. Antonio was enough, the other Elders at my camp having left me alone, but now I would have to deal with another male - make that two because of Elder Zeller, King Zeller's father - on a daily basis.

Did I honestly care?

No.

I would deal with it like I dealt with everything else, excluding my daughter or fighting.

By just doing it.

And pray that my free time wasn't completely occupied so I could spend time with Isa, and hope there were enough Coms to slaughter so I didn't completely lose it.

Chapter Three

"Where are you going?" Antonio asked as I kissed Isa's warm forehead as she slept.

"Reconnaissance," I stated. "You know I don't go anywhere without knowing the layout first."

His eyebrows rose. "You're going to sneak into King Shadow?"

"Yes." I lifted my dark brown hair into a ponytail. "All I know about the place is it's chock-full of Vampires. I want to know the lay of the land and see their normal routine when we're not around." I threw on my hooded black fur coat over a simple tight white t-shirt and black leather pants. The coat hid all of my weapons well. A quick head tilt toward Isa. "And you know I'll be given grief about her since they don't know and respect me yet. I need to have escape routes in case I get cornered."

He watched me for a moment, then he nodded. "Just be careful, and call if you need help."

I felt nothing even though I scowled at him. "Of course."

He pointed to Bonnie. "And take her with you just in case."

"I was already planning to."

Sneaking in hadn't been too hard. Even though we were on the outskirts of Kansas City, Kansas, the place was set up identically to my camp back in Australia, but with more vegetation; the leaves that were still on the trees in the nippy fall weather were reds and browns and golds. Elder Zeller and King Zeller had set up camp on farm land, which was genius really because food could easily be grown to supply the ranks. I had ordered Bonnie not to wander too far away from my Hummer, which I had parked in the woods about a mile away from the golden protection dome. Then I had jogged the rest of the way and scoped the place out from the branches of a bare tree.

It appeared what these people did when we weren't around was party, because that was what was happening from what I could see.

There were multiple bonfires, Mysticals playing what sounded like bongos and guitars and possibly flutes, each to their own tune, but oddly, the sounds came together all around King Shadow to make a hypnotic melody. The rest of the Mysticals drank and laughed and danced around the fires, or went in and out of each other's tents where it appeared the party continued on, some tents overfilling.

It wasn't like we never had parties in Australia, because we did. I just never attended.

I watched a bit longer, memorizing how the tents were laid out. The set-up appeared to be multiple circles of tents starting from a center point - headquarters, in a black tent - and gradually working out, each circle of white home tents just a bit larger than the last, encompassing the previous ones. Sparring fields were off to the right, and to the left was a large red tent, their dining hall, where people continually milled in and out. Cocking my head, I noticed the majority of Mysticals had spelled hair, like mine was, to appear as Coms, which would work in my favor.

The party also meant that they were, more than likely, celebrating a victory. There hadn't been anything in the files about current missions, but what I was watching was definitely a celebratory gathering, not just a drunken kegger.

Hopping down the branches, I slipped through the Mage ward on the backside of the red tent, and yes, helped myself to some of their grub while keeping my head down and staying in the darkness, which was harder than I expected thanks to all the damn bonfires. The only thing that really helped was that the majority of the Mysticals were already half lit, so while they partied to the enthralling beat, I watched and learned. It was difficult to detect which Mystical was of what faction with their hair as it was, and having to stay far away meant that all their power signatures were mixed before reaching me. Since I was masking completely, keeping all of my own power under lock and key, I had to go on their size and skin tone alone.

Tossing the bone of a chicken leg aside, I finally decided the camp was heavy on the Vampires as the files had indicated. It wasn't as bad as what I had suspected, but being run by King Zeller and Elder Zeller, they definitely had their favorites. Moving on, I slipped silently between tents, memorizing the ones where the spaces between them were smaller, knowing those would be my best chances for escape if I was ever in trouble by a large group. I paused, waiting for a group to pass by that were laughing and talking about the battle they'd had tonight with a nearby air force base, confirming my assumptions.

Shadowing silently, I followed the drunken group to a tent, which was full of more inebriated Mysticals. I stood outside in the shadows listening to them brag of the Coms they had killed or taken as hostages, and even the airplanes they had captured. From what they said, it sounded like King Zeller and Elder Zeller had run an excellent operation. And that was when I got f**king trapped as four groups came at all angles. Gritting my teeth, I knew I couldn't just stand there because the place was Vampire heavy, and any one of them would be able to hear a heartbeat lurking in the shadows, so I slipped inside what appeared remarkably similar to my own tent, though decorated in a silver-and-black color scheme. I used my short height to advantage as I hopped behind tall men on the outskirts of the room, using them as shields. Beautifully, they were all wasted enough on alcohol and, from the smell of it, marijuana, so no one noticed as I glided soundlessly through another flap at the back of the room just as the other groups entered the tent and made the crowd in the room surge backward, cutting off any other direction to move.

I stopped, eyes quickly scanning. This section of the tent was a bedroom, so it was constructed just like mine. It was dimly lit, with only one lamp turned on beside the black king-sized bed. The golden glow was only barely on, as if the lamp had a dimmer - unlike mine. I made a mental note to ask Antonio about it because it was kind of calming. The black-and-silver color scheme continued here, so instead of cherry wood dressers, they were black.

Those items took up the right side of the room, and on the left against the tent's wall there was a long, black leather couch, which looked damn comfortable, made to be reclined on. A bizarre coffee table made of marble and steel sat in front of it, with a litany of drugs showcased in a small compartment in middle, which would have been hidden if it wasn't open. On the edge of the table was a large ashtray with a blunt still burning inside, sweet, perfumed smoke billowing up from it, making the entire room smell heavily of marijuana and throwing my senses off inside the smoky confines of the intimate room. There were large bottles, some empty and some full, on a marble bar next to the couch, and the back of the room had a small flap, which I was positive was for the bathroom.

No exit.

Sighing, I glanced around the room again, which was empty of any Mysticals, and decided I might as well have a seat and wait it out, and hope the owner didn't return from the festivities any time soon. The room's walls had a Mage's sparkling privacy spell on them, so even though I could still hear the riotous partying and mesmerizing music, no one would be able to hear me in here. Because sadly, I had pretty much imprisoned myself in the damn place.

Sitting on the couch, I stretched my legs out on the coffee table's edge and perused the drugs in the middle compartment of the table. Green pills. White pills. Black pills. Rolling papers. More blunts. A brick of marijuana. I wasn't sure what the long strips of thin paper were, but I could see there were other little bags filled with drugs that I had never seen before. In other words, it was a druggie's treasure chest. Not really thinking much of it, since Mysticals couldn't become addicted to drugs physically, I rested further on the couch and eyed the blunt. I had never smoked weed before, but it had been tempting in my moments of insanity.

That was when I heard a rustling to the left. Startled, I snapped my attention to the back of the tent, my eyes instantly glowing blue. Ah, shit. I hadn't even thought to check the damn bathroom.

I was now staring at an enormous, six-and-a-half-foot Mystical male with spiked purple hair and glowing green eyes.

He stared back.

A couple of ticks went by, then he raised an arched black eyebrow in question.

Clearing my throat, and quickly thinking on my feet since he was masking as completely as me - and by his size, he was most definitely a Shifter - I stated, "It's too crowded and loud out there. I enjoy the silence." Truth. "I was only resting for a moment." Slowly, I scrutinized his face, coldly studied it, for his reaction. He had skin like chocolate milk, mocha, his vivid purple hair was about three inches long, and his features were perfectly sharp, with arched black eyebrows, high cheekbones, a straight nose, wide red lips, and an angular jaw. God had given this man the best of everything. He was easily the most beautiful Mystical I had ever seen, and I didn't even include the way his black thermal shirt molded to his rock solid, kickass pecs and biceps, his waist tapering perfectly to the pair of black army cargos he was wearing, which were tight against his muscled thighs. "May I stay for a bit, if I promise to be quiet?"

His head tilted as he crossed his arms, assessing me, as I was him. "Lower your hood."

It was an order, but I didn't mind; I had broken into his room.

After I lowered it, again his eyes evaluated me. "I would think you a Com if your eyes weren't glowing." His own glowing gaze met mine. "You're masking."

I nodded once. "As are you."

"Practice."

Again, I nodded, unable to say I was doing it for practice because it wouldn't ring true since I was past the practice stage, the action easy now for me. "Do you mind if I stay awhile?"

He turned his attention to the tent flap at the entrance to his bedroom. "I don't normally allow people back here." He started moving forward, and I decided he was some kind of cat Shifter by the way he stalked so fluidly, and probably a high-powered alpha by the way he carried himself. "But, what the hell? If you promise to be quiet you can stay for a while."

I nodded, eyes cold, stopping their glow. "Thank you."

He grunted, fluidly sitting on the other end of the couch, his own eyes ceasing to glow as he glanced at me. They captured mine. Although their color was gorgeous, like spring grass, vivid against his complexion, they were empty. Ruthless. He wasn't a man to be messed with. And he was letting me know by his silent stare.

Which was fine for me since I wasn't a woman to be messed with, my own gaze just as empty.

I saw he had gloves like I wore as I watched him pick up the still burning blunt and a few sheets of paper I hadn't even noticed past all the drugs. The gloves were black leather, to grip a weapon better, but cut at mid-finger to be able to fire a gun easily, pretty much like all the fighters at my old camp wore. Kicking his feet up on the other end of the coffee table, he rested back like I was and took a drag off the blunt while reviewing the papers, which were slightly wrinkled. Decided he was going to leave me in peace, I lay my head back and stared at the sparkling ceiling, not feeling much of anything. I fingered my thumb ring under my black glove, and again, I closed my eyes, trying to remember in semi-solitude.

As happened every f**king time, nothing came.

I tried again...and nothing.

Except for chilling anger that vibrated through my veins, threatening to drive me crazy.

Sighing softly, I blinked my eyes open, unsure how long they had been closed for. And blinked again, seeing the blunt in front of my face. He wasn't watching me, or saying anything, but his arm was extended across the space between us, offering to share while he read his papers. I stared at it, wondering if it would help, temptation gnawing. From the sounds outside, the party was still in full swing, so it appeared I was going to be here for some time unless I wanted to risk going out there and be caught trespassing.

Head tilted, I slowly lifted my hand and took the blunt just as mutely as he had offered it. He took his hand back, flipping his sheets. I rolled it between my fingers, my nostrils already filled with its cloying aroma, the room so filled with hovering smoke it was all I could smell.

Well, hell. At this point, I was willing to try anything, and I had time to kill. I took a drag, inhaling heavily and holding it in as I had seen so many others do.

I instantly started coughing, or hacking, more like.

Pounding on my chest, I quickly glanced at the man, but he was ignoring me, so I turned my watering glare to the blunt. Maybe I had not done it right. The people I saw smoking the stuff never coughed. Rolling it around, I bent to ash it, studying it. It was possible I had taken too much in. Trying again, I took a slower, steadier, drag...and didn't cough this time as my head fell back on the couch, my limbs instantly feeling a little looser, not so stiff as my shoulders relaxed. I sighed as I blew the smoke out, but I didn't want to be greedy, so I held it across to him.

This was how the next half-hour passed.

Puff, puff, give.

Both of us silent as we shared the fat blunt.

My insides purred in warmth and languid relief by the time he ground it out. He stood from the couch to lift items from the bar, placing two glasses on the edge of the coffee table and a bottle of whiskey between them before retaking his seat.

As I poured my third glass of whiskey, I decided the guy wasn't half bad, feeling all kinds of relaxed.

Still studying his papers, reading them repeatedly, he rumbled, "You do silence well."

I snorted, taking another sip of my drink, my head falling to look in his direction. "And you were doing so well, too."

He grunted. A glance at me, his eyes assessing. Back to his papers. "You're stoned."

Yep, I most definitely was that. "That would be an affirmative." I eyed my almost empty glass, then filled it again. "Close to drunk, too." I tipped my head to him. "Thank you, by the way."

"You're welcome." He lit another blunt, eyes on his papers. "You must be new here, since I haven't seen you before." He took a drag before passing it to me. "Do you have a name?"

"Yes, I do," I slurred, blinking at my glass as I took two drags before handing it back.

He slid farther down the cushions, getting more comfortable. "And it would be?"

"Eh." I tilted my head back and forth, the room also tilting with the motion so I did it a few more times, enthralled by the view. "Some have called me," a few more head tilts, "Red."

He took a long pull from the blunt. Was blessedly quiet for a good minute. His head slanted on the couch. Finally blowing the smoke out, he sounded bored as he said, "Where are you from, Red?"

I tilted my head back to the ceiling, staring at the sparkles, which looked pretty f**king cool right now. "Huh?"

He grunted, his head tilting my way and I saw the blunt in front of my face again. "You're originally from some place, aren't you?"

"Ah." I took the blunt, squinting at the ceiling to try to remember where I had originally grown up. "That would be," oh, yes, "my mother's womb." Damn fine truthful answer.

He hummed, watching me take a drag. "Interesting...and after?"

I pointed the blunt at him, eyes still on the ceiling. "Your silence was much better than the twenty questions, but I'll be a dear and play this game a bit longer." A deep inhale since I was way past the coughing stage. "After the womb, I lived in an apartment." I nodded heavily on the couch once, enjoying my own wit.

He refilled my glass and his, apparently finally giving up on questioning me. He became mute again as we drank and smoked. Another half-hour went by, and when he teetered grinding out our second blunt, he sluggishly stood, folded his papers, and walked - a little crookedly from my perspective - to one of his dressers, placing the papers inside the top drawer. I yawned, drinking down the last of my whiskey. The sounds outside had faded a bit, and though I wasn't really sure how long it had been since they had ebbed, I decided it was probably time to go.

I stood.

And promptly fell hard onto my ass back on the couch.

"Ugh." I rubbed my head, seeing him leaning heavily against his dresser, arms crossed with an eyebrow raised. "Are you sure that was only weed in those blunts?"

His head cocked. "I never said it was only weed."

I actually chuckled, because he was right. I had only assumed. The sound was gravelly from disuse, but a chuckle was what it was. "Huh." I stared at where the tiny bits of the blunts remained. "They actually helped." I had essentially found...humor...and I didn't mind it so much. He was watching me awfully hard, probably worried I was going to puke all over the place, but I pointed a decently straight finger at him, saying, "You never told me your name."

He was quiet for a few long moments, then he said, "No. I didn't."

I waved a wobbly hand. "Well, that's not fair." Yep, I was stoned and drunk. On the plus side, I wasn't seeing two of him. He was a bit blurry, but there was only one man staring at me.

Gradually, his lips lifted into a very small smile - like my chuckle, it looked like he hadn't done it in a while. "Fascinating logic." He shrugged when I stared this time. "You never told me your real name." A quiet hum, his head tilted. "I believe you said 'some people call me', not 'my name is', even if you hadn't used a nickname."

I blinked. "You're a quick one, aren't you?" I waggled my finger at him. "Damn quick."

His gaze roved over my face. "Can you even stand?"

My lips pinched. "Of course I can."

He lifted an eyebrow, his eyes still as dead as mine, but intense in their assessment.

Challenge given.

Rolling my shoulders, I placed a hand on the arm of the couch and pushed so I was standing. I blinked, staying on my feet this time, but I muttered, "Well, shit."

His head cocked. "What?"

I pointed to the left and right about an inch apart. "There are two of you now."

Again, his lips slowly lifted into that lonely, tiny smile. "May I ask you something...Red?"

I swayed, placing a bracing hand back on the couch. "You may ask." Answering was optional.

He rubbed his chin, staring at me with that tortured gaze. "What put that look in your eyes?"

My eyes narrowed. "This is why I don't make friends." They wanted to share and shit. "I could ask you the same thing, but I'm not, so why go and ruin the mood?" When he only stayed silent, watching, waiting for my answer, my nostrils flared in irritation...but I enjoyed the fact I actually felt irritation. Though not anger or agony, the feeling was enough to placate me, as was he, since he had been the gateway to it through his drugs. I sat on the arm of the couch, sighing heavily, and told the truth, "What you see in my eyes is simply life staring you in the face."

He went mute, staring at me with an unreadable expression.

I lifted my eyebrows at his silent countenance. "You asked. I answered." I shrugged, staring at him pointedly. "And please, take notice how I'm not asking in kind. I'm not into group hugs and crying sessions."

"Neither am I." He studied me, rubbing his chin again. "May I ask you something else?"

"Is it another personal question?"

His lips lifted, bitty smile showing. "Yes, but not in the way you're thinking."

I shrugged. "You may ask." Again, answering was optional.

Green eyes met mine straight on. "Would you like to stay the night with me?"

I blinked, my eyebrows rising. "I don't even know your name."

His gaze roamed down my frame. "Nice try, but until you tell me yours, I don't believe I'll tell you mine." His head tilted toward the bed. "Would you care to?"

Feeling - actually feeling - halfway normal, I let my eyes wander over his impressive frame. I hadn't had sex in a very long time, my last bed partner...well, I guess I couldn't actually remember who my last bed partner was. But before that, it had been Finn at King Cave. Honestly, sex hadn't even entered my mind. Not that I hadn't had offers from kiss-asses, but I had only ever felt ice water in my veins - I wasn't the least bit interested, just wanting everyone to stay the f**k back. And now, with drugs and alcohol coursing through my system, I was relaxed in a hazy, tranquil mist.

And what I saw was enticing. "Sex between the damned?" I didn't even need to see his stash of drugs, his eyes voicing loudly I was in like company. "Would it even be enjoyable?"

He hummed quietly. "There's only one way to find out." Sinuously, his thermal shirt came off.

And yeah, I stared at his striking muscles that rippled with the motion and set as he lowered his arms, hardening, revealing a God-worthy body. My eyes roamed over all of that smooth, mocha skin on display, only gradually lowering to stare at the eightpack he had, a thin line of black hair starting below his freaking-perfect belly button, disappearing under the waistband of his black army cargos. Gradually, my gaze lifted back to his wide lips. They were...yummy.

But...

"Thank you for the offer, but I don't believe so." There weren't a whole lot of things I would 'like' to do, and sex wasn't even on that short list. "But, I would love to lie down on your," my finger waggled at the bed that was calling my name, "bed for a bit, if you wouldn't mind." A wee bit of shut-eye would be needed before I was capable of sneaking out of here.

A slow blink. "You would rather...sleep?"

I wobbled on the couch, enjoying watching him try to hide his surprise. "Yes." Another finger waggle at the bed. "Would that be all right with you?"

Another blink, then he nodded once. "That would be fine, but don't even think about getting into my bed with your dirty shoes on."

A glance at my boots proved they were indeed dirty, along with the bottom of my coat, both carrying bits of dirt and grass. "I won't." I stood on shaky legs, attempting to undo the buttons on my coat as I moved past his table to his bed. "Thank you."

He grunted, ignoring me as he pulled his cell phone from his pocket, texting.

The room tilted a little, which was nifty to watch, but it didn't help my equilibrium. I placed a hand on his bed for support until I got my balance back, but I ended up crawling onto it, the action seeming safer than continuing to stand. Mechanically, I began undressing, placing my coat on the end of the bed and dropping my boots over the edge to the floor, attempting to keep the bed clean as he had asked. I debated for all of a second before I started taking off the guns and knives strapped to my body, then when I yanked at the black down comforter and felt how smooth and soft his blanket and sheets were I got rid of my pants and shirt, looking forward to snuggling down in the softness. When I was finally down to my gloves, bra, underwear, and socks, I heard him make a noise in his throat.

I hadn't chanced glancing at him yet, just trying to stay vertical long enough to get horizontal, but his noise sounded odd enough that I glanced his way. "What is it?"

He wore a peculiar expression, which I could tell he was trying to hide, but eventually I saw his eyes dip to my br**sts and h*ps and feet, then to my stash of weapons on the bed. "I wouldn't expect someone who wore pink dancing bears on her lingerie and purple fuzzy socks that," he stared at my feet, "hugged each of your tiny toes like a glove to have," his eyes went to my weapons, "three guns and five knives." His eyes met mine...and I stilled at the look of satisfied calculation there.

And that's when I saw a flash of something silver in his hand and he...blurred.

Ah, shit.

I pushed back on the bed with my hands and feet, too f**king wasted for this, attempting to get to my weapons. Wrong. I had been f**king wrong on many levels with this ass**le. First, he was a f**king Vampire, not a Shifter. And second, he had got me stoned and drunk to take me down easier. This whole damn thing had been planned perfectly on his part.

"Goddammit!" I screamed when he caught my ankles, yanking me back. I scrambled with my hands on the bed and barely managed to grab my coat before I felt- "Ow! Fuck!" He was hooking silver cuffs around my ankles, and a burning sensation quickly sizzled through my entire body, my powers gone. "Fuck, f**k, f**k. You f**king ass**le!"

Withering on the bed, I stuffed my hand into the pocket of my coat when he blurred back to his dresser, managing to hit Antonio's number on speed dial. Thank f**k, he answered just as the Vampire flew back at me with more silver flashing, and I stated hurriedly, "King Shadow. Need help." My phone was smacked away and my world spun as he flipped me onto my belly. Dizziness ruled my vision, even though I was sure I was not moving any longer - but my head felt like it had taken an unplanned ride on a merry-go-round on crack. I screamed when he yanked my arms behind my back and slapped the silver cuffs on my wrists, my whole body instantly drained and on fire at the same time. "You're f**king dead, Vamp."

He jerked back a hand full of my hair. Coherent and lucid green eyes stared an inch from my face. "Shut the f**k up." The next second a precisely placed massive fist hammered into the side of my face, and my world went black.

Chapter Four

I jerked awake, my body quaking. It felt like fire scalded my skin, even while an icy, burning prison kept my powers contained. Two vicious sensations I hoped to never feel again. My hands were now stretched above my head, trapped inside silver cuffs. My ankles were also still incased in silver cuffing, and my toes, still in my purple socks, barely touched the floor, giving me no added support. Another shudder racked my body, sweat misting on my skin as I gritted my teeth and lifted my head.

A quick assessment showed I was underground in a holding room for interrogations, just like the one in my old camp underneath headquarters. The room was tiny and circular, the walls made purely of brown dirt. Only two golden sparks of Mage magic in front and behind me provided lighting. The air was chilly down here, but the sparks provided no added warmth for me, clad in only the bra and underwear the ass**le Vampire had made fun of.

And said ass**le was sitting directly in front of me on a simple wooden chair, still shirtless, his long legs stretched out in front of him encased in his black cargos. Next to him sat a tiny wooden table with all kinds of silver and metal 'fun items' I enjoyed using myself during interrogation/torture sessions. Arms crossed, his head cocked, he lifted a black boot and shoved the side of my leg, making me grunt and grab at the chain holding my arms up, but it was silver too, so I quickly released it, bearing down as my wrists took all the pressure of my body swinging back and forth like a pendulum.

His eyes tracked mine as I swung back and forth. "I'm going to ask you a series of questions." He kicked my leg again as I started to slow. "And it will go immensely easier if you answer each question immediately."

I bared my teeth. "And...fuck you." I wasn't telling this ass**le shit. Antonio would be here soon, which meant my fist would be through this guy's handsome face shortly.

He ignored me, standing to his feet. He perused his torture devices and settled on a simple, thin silver knife, which honestly, was also one of my favorites to draw out the pain when I knew someone was going to be particularly hard to crack. I would probably be flattered if I wasn't already in agonizing torment.

He moved closer, standing directly in front of me as my body quit swinging. Oddly, I almost smiled since his body radiated heat, warming me a bit...even if I knew he was going to bring the pain. "First question." He placed the knife between my br**sts, and I breathed in heavily through my nostrils from the silver's direct contact with my flesh, the feeling like an open flame as he trailed the knife downward, over the center of my bra, between my ribs, to directly above my belly button. "What is your name?"

"You comma Fuck."

Green eyes as dead as mine lifted from where they had followed the knife's journey to its resting place. They met, and held, mine. Slowly, he pressed the tip of the knife into my flesh. I shakily breathed in once through my nose and out through my mouth as he continued pressing the six inch blade into my stomach, my muscles trembling. Again, he asked, "Your name?"

Whispering harshly, I stated, "Now, you'll have to add Miss to that Fuck You."

Knife deeply imbedded in my stomach, he twisted it sharply to the left.

I jerked even as his other fist blurred, slamming into my stomach below the knife's entry. Air exploded from my mouth as my body flew back, swinging with his hit's impact. Unable to breathe, pain reverberating in pulses through my body, I did not give a shit when I swung back and he stopped my progress by grabbing my throat, holding tight as he ripped the knife free, placing it three inches lower on my abdomen, directly below my belly button.

His voice was cold and without inflection. "Your name?"

Eyes dipping, drugs and agony pulsing through my mind, I tilted my lips in a cruel smile, singing breathlessly, "Fuck, f**k...fuck you."

I was sliced again.

And again.

Again.

The ass**le managed to keep me coherent enough for me to be able to reply with my witty answers.

A bit lost in my daydreaming of what I was going to do to him, I must not have heard him ask for my name again because he sliced into my thigh from behind. The pain was horrendous, and I choked on a silent scream, blood dripping down my body from multiple wounds that didn't heal thanks to the silver cuffs. My head fell back onto his chest, and I didn't bother moving it, not really thinking I could anyway.

Unhurriedly, he ran the tip of his finger down the side of my face, very gently brushing the sweat-soaked hair off my cheek, an action that was the direct opposite to yanking out his blade from my vulnerable flesh. Softly, he whispered at my ear, "The punishment for a traitor is death." He set the bloody blade against my throat. "And you don't belong to this camp. I would suggest you hurry and tell me your name before you bleed to death." The tip of his knife pierced the side of my throat. "Or I could just kill you now and be done with you."

I grunted, rasping, "Oh, Mr Asshole Vampire, you know you're having too much fun with me," and I knew he was, "to off me so soon." My head tilted so I was staring up at him, cheek against his hot, hard pec. I analyzed his face the best I could through the blurriness, memorizing each perfect line I was either going to break or crush, or envisioning a bit of both. "God, I'm going to enjoy hurting you just as much as you're enjoying this." My blue eyes met his green ones. "Maybe more since this hurts like a son of a bitch." No need to lie and act tough, since this would hurt anyone.

One eyebrow rose. "You won't be hurting me unless you wish for death."

"Some days I do," I murmured absently, caught on not only his words, but the way he had stated it as if it was fact-based. Then there was the fact that he knew with absolute certainty I wasn't part of this camp. I wasn't able to use my Shifter senses to tell if he was speaking the truth or not with his previous comment, so I asked slowly and maybe with a bit of a slur, "What is your name?" God, I hated hunches, and I was going to be pretty damn pissed off if after enduring this f**king shit I couldn't have retribution on this ass**le.

His head cocked so he was looking at me a bit more straight on. "You do realize I'm the one asking the questions...and I'm the one with a knife to your throat." It wasn't really a question, so I didn't answer. After a few moments of analyzing me while I blinked blurrily at him, he sighed heavily. "You really are going to pass out soon from blood loss." He appeared annoyed by this, and I knew the feeling when someone continued to pass out while you were interrogating them, the bore of delaying entertainment. "I'll tell you mine, but I'll expect the same in return."

I was becoming agreeable to this since it was taking Antonio so long to find me, and I believed Mr Asshole Vampire's assessment to be correct. I was damn close to passing out cold, my thoughts quickly becoming indistinct, which meant I needed to be released soon. I did not want to be unconscious while caught like this, or worse, become so incoherent I would risk flashing fang in an attempt to bite someone. So be it if my name got me down from here. "You have my word."

The Vampire nodded once, the action appearing to have tracers, confirming my thoughts further, and he stated evenly, "I'm Ezra Zeller, King of the Vampires."

I blinked. "I want you to know you are officially at the front of the line of people I despise...and that includes Coms." And the curses that flew were whispered since that was all I could manage. "God hates me. Fucking hell, God seriously hates me." I inhaled heavily, still unable to scent him with the silver containing my powers. "Why couldn't I smell you before?" I blinked, sniffing again, realizing there was still a lingering scent dusting both of us that I didn't need a Shifter's nose to smell.

Marijuana, that was why. "Drugs are bad, drugs are bad, drugs are bad."

I yanked at my cuffs, the action more of a feeble wiggle, but I was furious. "Isa is never doing drugs. I will kick her ass if she does this shit." I rattled the chains again, still rambling to myself while glaring at him and his blank expression.

"Goddammit!" I muttered breathlessly, slitted eyes on the f**king...Vampire King...someone who was as untouchable as I normally was. "Sure, Lily, smoke some f**king weed, and whatever else was in it, and try to relax past the nothingness. Have a little fun with the Shifter you thought was probably a damn cat. But, wait, nope, he's the goddamn Vampire King." Another wiggle of the chain. "Fucking masking. Masked myself right into f**king torture when I can't do shit back even once the damn cavalry finally arrives."

Hell, he was still masking, which was impressive since it had taken me a while to learn to do in long stretches. Chest heaving, I turned my attention to his hair. "And purple? Who the hell spells their hair purple, anyway? At least mine halfway resembles a Com." I heaved in a breath, pissed the f**king hell off, and glared through the haziness.

His head tilted. "You thought I was a cat?" He paused, and I didn't answer. "Huh...that means you're most likely a Shifter." His eyes lifted toward his hair, then back to my gaze. "And I like the purple." He went silent, waiting for the one answer he wanted, the knife digging a bit deeper near my jugular.

Voice a mere croak, I rasped, "King Zeller," asshole, "if you would care to take off my left glove, you'll have your answer."

He stared for a beat, then his green eyes traveled up to my left hand, and ever so slowly, his eyes high on my numb hand, he asked, "Why exactly will I have my answer that way?" His eyes lowered to mine. "Do you have your name tattooed there for moments of forgetfulness?"

If I wasn't mistaken, he was actually showing a sense of humor, the torture apparently putting him in fine spirits. Too bad it was a bit late for comedy in my book. "King Zeller," asshole, "I may appear like a Com," I wheezed, blinking hard, all his features beginning to mesh into a large mocha and green blob, "and I may be the size of one, but I'm anything but. Check my f**king hand and get me down." I paused. "Or check my hand and continue torturing me, so I can Lawfully kill you afterwards, which I would actually prefer." My eyes shut even as I felt him begin to stiffen behind me; he was definitely not a slow Mystical, rapidly beginning to understand. "Fun time's over, King Zeller," asshole, "because my name's Lily Ruckler, Queen of the Shifters."

He went completely still against me. Then I felt a tingle on my left hand, and suddenly my glove was gone via his Vampire speed while my cold, numb ring finger was lifted by his warm blood-covered fingers - my much needed blood. My eyes didn't have to be open - which was a good thing because I was tired as hell - to hear the litany of curses that rumbled deeply, attacking my ears. I heard the knife fall to the floor, and suddenly his bare, muscled arm was around my waist, lifting me against him. I groaned softly, my body's weight lifted off my wrists, my head tilting back over his shoulder as he worked to free my wrists from the cuffs.

"You should have told me your damn name," he growled, apparently having trouble with the cuffs, hissing every time he accidently touched the silver. "Why the f**k didn't you?"

"Waiting...for...Antonio," I whispered slowly, lethargy overtaking me. "Was going...to kill...you...when he arrived." I shouted a groan when my arms dropped down against his arm around my waist, no longer cuffed. "Shit, that...hurts."

"I'll give you peace once I get the other cuffs off," he stated bluntly, lifting me like a babe.

I felt the brush of wind against the side of my body not warmed by his, the sound loud in my ears...and suddenly I was being laid on a soft mattress. I made myself blink, and the quick flash told me we were in his bedroom. "Under your damn...bedroom. No wonder...Antonio couldn't...find me."

"Shit," he muttered harshly.

My feet fell against the mattress again as he worked to remove the cuffs.

"Blood...makes your...fingers slippery. Little key...no good," I sucked in a breath, "Dry your hands."

I didn't hear anything for a moment, then I felt a tug on the comforter, as he probably did as told. Ten seconds later, the cuffs were off, and tranquility transfused me as he lifted me in his arms, again holding me like a child. I shuddered, groaning in contentment as he used his power to take away my pain. Honestly, it was the very least he could do.

He jiggled me a bit, muttering, "Don't fall asleep or I'll take it away."

"Screw...and...you." Sleep was sounding f**king awesome right about now.

He grunted, the sound one of irritation, but instead of making another threat, he moved, and I felt the brush of cold wind again as he did so. Sounds of disjointed music. Mysticals laughing. Then my ears heard the most beautiful sound, as close as I was to passing out right now.

Gold shone behind my closed lids as we slowed, and I heard Antonio shouting a distance away, "She is here somewhere!" The glowing behind my eyes increased. "So f**king help me, Cahal, if my daughter is f**king hurt in your damn camp!"

I felt King Zeller stiffen, especially, at the 'daughter' comment, but he didn't stop moving toward the glow, the brightness only increasing.

"Antonio, calm down," another deep voice stated calmly, soothingly, so quietly I barely heard it. "I've got people searching everywhere. If she's here, we'll find her."

"I will not calm down! I can't f**king track her!" A pause, then he continued shouting, "Goddamn it, I heard her f**king scream over the cell!"

I felt King Zeller's chest expand, then the brush of wind once more as he used his speed. He stopped abruptly next to what could only be Antonio, the golden light was so bright. But just as suddenly, the light was gone. Not sure if I could, but needing to try, I pried my eyes open a bit at a time. All I could manage was halfway, but I still saw we were inside another tent, the decor black and mauve.

The jaws of Antonio and the man who had to be Elder Zeller, since Antonio had called him Cahal, were slightly gaping as they stared at us less than two feet away.

Antonio blinked grandly, then his eyes instantly flittered down my body, which wasn't pretty at the present time, assessing every injury that wasn't healing from blood loss and the use of the silver knife. And he started glowing - oddly this gold was a bit different, actually furious in its dimness - his expression instantly turning fierce, fists clenching. I wasn't sure he was even able to speak, his jaw was clenched so hard, eyes toward the opened tent flap.

Elder Zeller, who was just as big as his damn ass**le son, asked, "Ezra, who did this to her?"

I snorted, the sound more of a wheeze. "King Zeller," asshole, "did." I lifted my fingers in Antonio's direction, unable to lift my arms even if I felt peaceful. "Please...take me."

Both Elder Zeller and Antonio stared above my head at King Zeller, unspeaking and unmoving, their faces utterly blank, for at least a good minute.

"Get...me out...of his...arms," I rasped harshly. "Now...Antonio." My lips lifted cruelly. "Hey, there's...someone I hate...more than you...now."

Antonio jolted out of his silence, his eyes still on King Zeller. "You did this to Queen Ruckler?"

"Yes," he stated simply.

"Why?" Antonio's expression was turning fierce again, beginning to glow that dim color.

"I didn't know her name." He shrugged, making me move up and down in his arms. "I thought she was a traitor sneaking into camp." No apology, no remorse.

"See," I whispered. "Definitely...more hateable." My lids started to drop further. "If you...aren't going...to take me from...him, then...at least...heal me."

Antonio lurched forward, eyes flying to me. "Right. Sorry, Lil." His glowing hands went to two different wounds, even as he glared up at King Zeller. "You are very lucky you didn't kill her." His tone was laced with all types of silent threats, golden eyes staring unflinchingly into King Zeller's green ones. "Very f**king lucky."

King Zeller did not comment, continuing to hold me as Antonio worked, and gifting me with tranquility.

Elder Zeller moved forward, standing next to my legs, in a sense between his son and Antonio, as he ran a hand over his face. "Antonio, why the hell was she at King Shadow tonight?" Unannounced and sneaking around, he didn't say, but it was very much implied by his stare.

"Because of Isa," Antonio said quietly, studying a particularly vicious wound as he healed it.

Elder Zeller asked, "Who's Isa?"

King Zeller broke his silence. "Queen Ruckler rambled something about her earlier."

"My adopted...daughter," I blinked slowly, "She's...Vampire."

I felt, and saw, both King Zeller and Elder Zeller stiffen.

Antonio bent, ignoring their reaction, to work on another wound on my lower back. "My granddaughter, Isadora Marie Ruckler, is three months old. And a Vampire." His healing hands glowed brighter. "At our old camp, everyone knew and respected Lily, so no one hassled her about Isa." He blinked. "Well, there was this one ass**le who did, but Lily broke damn near every bone in his body after a few of his comments, and he shut up then."

"I was...casing King Shadow...for escape...routes," I muttered. "And got...trapped in a...not-so-empty bedroom...with him." My tone let them know what I thought of him.

Elder Zeller ran another hand over his face, then he surprised me by patting my knee comfortingly and staring over our heads at nothing while stating absently, "I know this is hard to believe after what you so obviously experienced tonight, but my son is capable of kindness." His eyes met mine, though they weren't really with me. "I would like to ask you not to judge him from this one experience." He patted my knee again, eyes flicking away. "Try to put this meeting behind you."

King Zeller snapped out of his shock from the news of my Vampire daughter to stare at his dad with a marginally wide gaze; apparently that was his surprised expression.

I snorted, the sound a bit more normal. "Even he doesn't...believe that, Elder Zeller." And I could breathe easier when Antonio placed his hands over my rib cage. "And besides, I know a cunning, heartless ass**le when I finally see past the marijuana smoke."

I ignored both Antonio's and Elder Zeller's glances and tilted my head - I was now able to thanks to Antonio's healing - to place my nose against King Zeller's heated skin. I inhaled heavily, scenting him on many different levels, memorizing his body's distinct perfume. My wolf growled quietly even through the tranquility he was giving me.

Spice. He smelled like heady, potent spice. Powerful.

My eyes lifted as I inhaled heavily again.

He had gone predatory still when I had turned my head against his chest. Dead green eyes met my equally dead blue gaze, and I whispered, "I really wish you would have kept torturing me...just a bit longer." My wolf growled again, my eyes flashing. "I was so looking forward to killing you."

His eyes narrowed slightly, and he slowly bent his head, bringing his face closer to mine. "I easily beat you once. I could do it again, Queen Ruckler." His head tilted toward his dad. "And you're right not to believe Elder Zeller. I have no redeeming qualities. I am the cunning, heartless ass**le you named me. And I wouldn't have given a shit if I had killed you, so don't ever try to threaten me, or even raise the subject, or I will kill you no matter your station."

Suddenly, there was nothing under me. No large, warm arms holding me up. No Vampire power giving me peace.

I sucked in harshly as pain arced through my body, not even caring I was falling to the ground. I hit hard and grunted, my vision blurry again even as I glared at King Zeller from the ground...but I still managed to bare my teeth at him as Antonio and Elder Zeller both started cursing, dropping to their knees to help me. I whispered in King Zeller's direction where he stared down at me with his arms crossed, "I know my reason for being damned...but what's yours?" I loved that I saw him flinch. Even if I couldn't really move, I could still hurt him. "Your pain must be soul-deep for all the drugs you have." My lips puckered in fake sympathy. "Ah, poor King Zeller. He has all the beauty, power, and prestige he could ever need to charm anyone, but instead, he sits alone in his room, getting stoned to block out the agony in his mind." His nostrils flared and his jaw clenched, and I didn't need to be a Vampire to know I had broken through his shell and he was pissed. "Whatever did poor King Zeller do...what ghosts of the past haunt him?"

I paused, gauging him. "Sin?"

No reaction, though I hadn't expected one.

"Stealing?"

Nothing.

"Love?"

The barest flinch...and my grin was purely malicious because I was about to be a huge bitch. "If you're still upset about losing your mate, it may be time to get over it." His file stated his mate had died years ago, and compared to his age...wait...there was no reaction on his part. "Oh...not your mate." When every muscle in his body appeared to go taut, the corner of my lips tilted up at the edges. "Interesting." My chuckle was pure menace, with no humor to really be found in it. "The supposed badass King Zeller mopes in his bedroom, drowning his sorrows in drugs, all over...pathetic, useless love." My icy glare met his. "Now, King Zeller," asshole, "did you really beat me?" My public words were a hundred times worse than what he had done.

Antonio and Elder Zeller had gone mute some time ago, even if Antonio was still working on me while Elder Zeller gripped one of my ankles, sending me serenity to take away my pain. But I wasn't paying them a bit of interest, my attention wholly focused on the furious Vampire standing over me like the devil's own.

Silently, rigidly, he deliberately lowered until he was squatting, staring down directly into my face, his eyes glowing a smidge, he was so angry. "Nicely played, even if you're incorrect."

"Easy target." My lips lifted when he stared daggers.

His head cocked, and he lifted his hand slowly, still glowering, and ran a single finger gently across my cheek. "I believe having you here at camp will be," he hummed quietly, pulling his finger back, "interesting."

My lips were pinched; I was hating that I hadn't been strong enough right now to jerk away from his touch, and it was slowly dawning on me that I was still half-naked lying on this floor. "I want my clothes." An afterthought. "And my phone and weapons."

A single eyebrow raised as he placed his elbows on bent knees. If I wasn't feeling the peace his dad was giving me, I would have been pissed when his eyes flittered down my body, pausing at all of my private bits. "You're a Shifter," he murmured quietly, talking to himself as he continued his perusal. "Why would this bother you?"

My eyes snapped to Antonio. "Give me your shirt."

"Just a sec, Lil. I'm almost done." Antonio didn't even glance at me.

And f**king King Zeller was still staring at my body, doing it on purpose, obviously trying to figure out my reasoning.

"There," Antonio muttered, taking his hands away.

So did Elder Zeller.

I wasn't quick enough, the lingering pain disturbing my effectiveness to work the ice back into my veins. Embarrassment at being viewed as I was flooded my system in a heady tide. "Shirt," I stated harshly, feeling my cheeks flood with color. "Now, Antonio."

King Zeller's nostrils were flared, and he had an elbow crooked on his knee, his hand over his mouth as he stared down at me. Bizarrely, even though he was definitely scenting, and seeing, my emotions, he made not one comment as Antonio stripped his shirt off and gently pulled it over my head, dressing me, the material covering me to mid-thigh. Instead, King Zeller stood, stating, "I'll get Queen Ruckler's things."

Elder Zeller stared at his son. "After that, you and I are going to talk."

King Zeller snorted, turning his back to his dad, moving toward the opened tent flap. "Are we? Somehow, Elder Zeller, I doubt that." I knew that tone well. He didn't like his dad much.

Damned, meet damned.

Chapter Five

"We're late," Antonio growled, his narrowed, irritated eyes flicking to me, then back to the tents of King Shadow. "Do you know how rude it is-"

I held up a stopping hand. "Antonio, I've had enough. I know we're late. And I don't give a flying f**k." I met his glare with one of my own. "Besides, having this 'meet and greet' dinner is absurd after what happened last week." My gaze went to the red tent. "I think I know everything I need to about King Zeller." Asshole.

He growled again. "This was scheduled for our first night, so we are going to attend as if the events of last week never happened." He jerked my arm, tugging me forward. "Think of this as a fresh start."

My eyes widened on him as I let him pull me forward. "That's it. You've officially lost your damn marbles." I messed with my outfit, which consisted of hip-hugging black leather pants and a blue - like my eyes - tight cashmere sweater with a wide neck, hanging off one shoulder, and a long, hooded, black fur coat that almost swept the ground. "That comment was just about as crazy as you wanting me to wear a dress for this ridiculous dinner." Of course, when he had actually suggested that earlier at the hotel, I had flicked him the middle finger and worn what I wanted.

Antonio glanced at me, surveying my attire, ignoring my commentary. "Although it's not what I wanted you to wear, you do look beautiful."

Pure sarcasm. "I'm thrilled you approve." He was yanking on me awfully hard, moving at a fast clip. "Mind the merchandise, Antonio." I jiggled my arm, but he didn't release me.

In fact, he pulled me along faster, again muttering, "We're late."

Bindi, Felix, and Aros had gone with the Shifter who had taken our bags to where our tents were set up. This was a formal dinner for only Elders and the King and Queen, a meet and greet, which was just ludicrous now, but it didn't appear I was getting out of it. Antonio had filled me in a little more on Elder Zeller since he was part of his four, telling me that the man knew Antonio had raised me, and so I had reread the file on him. He was a badass. There was no other way to describe it. The gene had obviously been passed on to his son - I had also reread the file on him after our encounter. Both equally vicious when they needed to be.

"Well, we might as well make our late appearance," Antonio sighed at the tent's entrance.

Entering the red tent, which I had already been in and knew it was spelled to be much larger inside to accommodate all of the Mysticals in this camp, we followed the Vampire who met us at the opened tent flap to the back of the room where King Zeller sat, and next to him his dad, Elder Zeller. Even from where he was sitting, I was reminded Elder Zeller was just as gigantic as his son, dressed in a black Armani suit. Last week, when I had been incoherent from blood loss, I hadn't taken a lucid perusal of him. He was Native American with shorter red and black hair. His muscles straining his suit jacket, he was extremely handsome like all Mysticals, and his facial features were very similar to his son's, and just as hard.

I saw him glance in our direction. Do a double-take. And he glanced at his watch.

Antonio sighed next to me, having seen this, but quickly schooled his features when Elder Zeller met his gaze with an arched black eyebrow, which was also identical to his son's.

I was too busy getting my hatred under control to worry about our tardiness, when I saw King Zeller follow his father's gaze to us, his face carefully blank. Christ, it was truly an amazing feat that I could feel such abhorrence for someone as handsome as him, my face just as blank as his to easily hide my loathing, and I imagined he was doing the same. From his sitting position, all I could see he wore was a hooded dark silver robe, unbuttoned and opened to reveal a billowy white silk shirt, the only two buttons at the top undone to reveal a portion of his smooth mocha chest, the material resting against his flesh like a whisper. Like my hair, which was back to its normal neon red color, his hair was back to its natural color, which was black and red, and spiked to perfection around his head, his green eyes sparkling under the golden glow of the Mage sparks.

Yep, the frost in my veins had a seething partner now that I'd seen him and remembered, while hatred, pure hatred, flared right alongside the frigid ice. Survival instincts - year-long, honed survival instincts - took root, saving my ass since I could not legally attack him. Instead of leaping across the room to slit his throat, which was only a switch of restraint away, my eyes were hard and cold, frost coating my heart, mind, and soul with - maybe - a bit of a heat in my thoughts reserved just for him.

Finished making our way through the many bulky, wooden picnic tables filled with Mysticals eyeing us, their conversation quieting to mere murmurs, Antonio and I stood across from King Zeller and Elder Zeller, both having stood along with the table's other occupants; it was only then that I belatedly realized there were others sitting at the table. I blinked and glanced at them, seeing two faces I had met before, the memories between the black voids in my mind.

One was Elder Merrick, and I knew him because he had been my teacher for honing the use of my Shifter strength at King Cave, and was the Shifter of Antonio's four. He looked no different than the last time I saw him: bold features, black hair, bronze skin, and navy eyes. The other, Elder Jacobs, the last of Antonio's four and an air Elemental, also looked the same, his yellow hair short against his head, his dark ebony skin appearing almost polished, a fierce contrast to his hair, his body and features delicate. I hadn't known they were going to be here, too, but it made sense for Elder Harcourt to have pulled them in, bringing together the four Rulers who had led the previous war, uniting their strength.

All four at the table stayed mute - staring.

Antonio cleared his throat and said, "Cahal, Merrick, Jacobs, it's nice to see you again." They nodded with greeting, and Antonio turned his body in my direction, lifting an arm, gesturing across the table. "Queen Ruckler, I don't believe I've ever had the privilege to," he glanced at me in warning, "formally introduce Elder Zeller," his arm moved to the right, "and King Zeller."

I barely repressed childishly rolling my eyes and yawning.

Both moved around the table to greet me, and I turned, following their movement while adjusting the velvety fur material strapped around my shoulders, which wrapped around Isa and held her secure against my back. I could feel her glancing around behind me, taking in the scenes, perky and fully awake after having her diaper changed and her bottle. She was also lightly yanking on my ponytail, but it was probably because it was brushing her face, annoying her. Behind me, I heard Elder Merrick make a startled noise when he saw her hidden, but I didn't worry about him since I somewhat had considered him a friend at one point.

For the first time, I noticed Elder Zeller's eyes were dark, unlike his son's, which meant King Zeller must have inherited that trait from his mother. I met them with my own frosty stare and held out my hand to him. "It's a pleasure to," I paused just to annoy Antonio, "formally meet you, Elder Zeller."

He took my hand, but instead of replying in kind, his head cocked, still staring, and finally he asked, "Why do you have two heartbeats, Queen Ruckler?"

"My daughter's in a sling on my back." And I was seriously hoping I didn't have issues with this man about Isa, because if it came from him, the man with power practically oozing from him, then I might be in trouble. Although, I didn't think it likely since he hadn't been anything other than shocked when he had initially heard the news.

He stilled. "You brought Isa with you tonight?"

I nodded. "Yes, I thought it best not to hide her." My head tilted, and since this Zeller wasn't half-bad, I added, "But don't worry, she won't eat you out of tent and home." I paused, and amended. "Well, she does drink a lot of formula."

His gaze snapped to Antonio, his hand still holding mine firmly while his eyes scanned his face. "What is it like being a grandpa?"

Isa chose that moment to pipe up behind me, shouting, "Pa!" She giggled. "Pa!"

"It's an amazing experience." Antonio's lips instantly lifted, and he moved behind me where I felt him begin to unravel the material around her. "Cahal, I want you to meet Isadora Marie Ruckler." I took my hand back from the frozen Vampire and pulled my arms out of the material hooked over my shoulders to help Antonio, but I kept a watchful eye on Elder Zeller, never completely trusting him. A few minutes later, Antonio tossed the sling over my shoulder and stepped beside me holding Isa in his arms, bouncing her a bit. "Isa, this is Cahal."

The table's occupants stared blatantly at her, and Isa's tiny Cupid's bow mouth pinched, her large green eyes staring up at Elder Zeller; in my proud mind, she was analyzing him. I reached over and pulled her vivid green knit cap down farther on her head, covering her bitty ears against the chill of the autumn air, the decorative frog eyes jiggling on top. She peered at me, back to Elder Zeller, then back to me, staring.

I nodded, smiling at her cautious expression. "It's all right, Isa." I peered at Elder Zeller, gauging him long and hard as he gazed at her with a slowly growing look of adoration, which I was not wholly surprised about since she was that adorable. I was decided. "He's a nice man."

Antonio bounced her again when she stayed mute, her attention going back to Elder Zeller. "Isa, smile for me. Show him that stunning grin." And when Antonio ducked his head and made a monster noise against her throat...she giggled, her cheeks scrunching as she smiled at Antonio, clapping a tiny hand over his mouth as he lifted his head. "There it is," Antonio whispered, kissing her fingers and glancing at Elder Zeller, his chest puffing proudly. "She's beautiful, isn't she?"

And I blinked, seeing the badass Elder Zeller...grinning...flashing white teeth down at Isa. Guess he liked the little ones. "Yes, she is." I watched his hand closely as he raised it, tipping her chin up with a light finger to stare down into her face, smiling at her. He bent, softly saying at her level, "It's nice to meet you, Isa."

She grinned, wiggling in Antonio's arms, clapping her hands, apparently decided that she liked him, too, and enjoyed his attention. I smiled at her, fiddling with her matching green knit coat, making sure it wasn't bunching at her elbows and bothering her. She hated that. Then, when I was done procrastinating, I turned my attention to King Zeller and stuck my hand out to him, stating, "King Zeller." I couldn't say it was nice to meet him because Elder Merrick was behind me, and the man had an incredible nose for truths, half-truths, and partials, and I really wasn't in the mood to explain why I wasn't happy to meet King Zeller again.

He shook my hand firmly, his palm warm. "Queen Ruckler." His grip tightened on my hand. "And unlike you, I will say it's a," glacial green eyes held mine, "pleasure to see you."

Lie.

Damn man. "Oh, rest assured, King Zeller," asshole, "the pleasure is all mine."

Lie.

And, a bit pathetically - I'm not even sure who started it - we were suddenly battling in a Mystical macho handshake of strength and will. Our powers crashed into each other where our palms connected, neither of us going easy on the other. Instantly, my wolf growled quietly as his power, feeling like dark and seductive whispers, made contact with my animal's wildness, and I was pleased to hear his Vampire growl at the same time, both of us going completely still in an effort to hang on and not be the first person to blow us apart in an invisible, magical detonation.

"Huh," Elder Jacobs leaned against the table, "I haven't seen a decent showdown in forever."

"King Zeller..." Elder Zeller sighed, the tone half-exasperated and half-warning.

The air vibrated around me, and I instantly pushed more power down my arm, countering the influx he threw at me. His grip turned bruising in an effort to hold on, even though I could have told him that if either one of us popped the explosion...well, my grip was tight enough that his hand would be coming with me and not with him...Lawfully. Which, I believe, he was just starting to figure out as his glowing gaze stared down at our hands.

And for the second time in so long, I chuckled, the sound just as gravelly as before. "I would suggest you relent, King Zeller," asshole, "unless you would enjoy a surgery to reattach your hand." Shifter strength did come in...handy.

Again the air vibrated, and I grinned evilly, my curling lips matching his as I threw even more power down my palm just in time to meet his assault. We both grunted, our bodies beginning to tremble while our predators growled intermittently.

Antonio bent, pressing his lips to my ear and whispering softly, "Lil, there's no shame in yielding first," my wolf growled at him, "because you're not thinking clearly." He paused, barely breathing loud enough for me to even hear, meaning no one else could either - even the Vamps. "Isa."

I stilled and, instantly, overpowering fear crippled me. I had thought Antonio would protect her if an explosion occurred, and I still knew he would, but his pseudo threat was enough for all thoughts to hone in completely on my daughter. My power abruptly cut off, and I was consumed by King Zeller's power. My knees buckled and air escaped me, and all I saw was a mist of spring green, a direct contrast to the dark, seductive power bombarding me.

Abruptly as it hit, the power attack ended.

I blinked, shaking my head hard past the fuzziness. "Goddammit, Antonio." And I stilled, realizing King Zeller must have caught me instead of letting me drop to my knees in front of him, since I was wrapped in his arms against his heated, hard muscles, his scent engulfed in his warmth. I shoved at his chest, throwing myself out of his strong embrace, wobbling only for a moment. I met his hard green gaze. "Why?"

Why hadn't he taken the victory?

King Zeller's head tilted as he brushed back his floor-length, dark silver robe to place his hands in the pockets of his designer holey jeans, his gaze not leaving mine for a second as he slowly and quietly drawled, "Queen Ruckler, when you do," a cruel, sensual curve of his lips, "fall to your knees before me, it will be because you can't stop yourself, not because you tripped at a distraction."

A few ticks of silence went by as our unforgiving gazes held.

"Well," my eyes lowered to his crotch, then up to his icy gaze, "if that impossible day ever happens, King Zeller," asshole, "just remember you're not the only one with sharp teeth." I mimicked his deliberately forbidding carnal smile.

If anything, that cruel smile of his only increased as he cocked his head the other way. "Yes, I do believe having you here will be interesting." Gradually, his gaze touched my hair, my face, my throat, slowly moving down my body from head to toe, scrutinizing me. "I never would have guessed you to be the Queen of the Shifters." Green eyes lifted to mine. "You're fortunate you told me when you did last week, otherwise...well, you know where you would still be hanging." My nostrils flared in angered irritation, and he smirked at my expression before his gaze traveled to Isa. "And I never would have imagined a Ruler to adopt a child of another faction, especially with this war we're in."

Protective instincts flared, stealing my breath I felt so consumed by them, as King Zeller just as slowly analyzed my daughter as he had done me. Before I knew it, I was standing directly in front of her, practically smashed between Antonio holding her and King Zeller, my wolf growling quietly and my eyes glowing brightly as I glared up at him. Wolf riding my voice harshly, I growled, "Mine."

Deliberately, one cocky eyebrow rose as he stared down at me, not backing away. "I was only getting a good look at what sent you here to be tortured." My growl lowered even more, furious, my eyes slightly narrowing as I debated the pitfalls of hitting him only once. Not to kill him, but just as a bit of retribution to feed the soul. Again he smirked, and bent so his face was inches away from mine, whispering, "You may think you know my weakness, but with certainty, I now know yours." He rose, glancing over my head to Isa while I seethed. "And trust me, Queen Ruckler, even though your daughter is beautiful and appears sweet, I won't ever lay a finger on her for any reason, good or bad." He shrugged a shoulder, peering down at me. "I hate children."

All of that had been truth, except for that last comment. It had rung more of confused dishonesty. As if he believed he should hate children but didn't entirely understand why. I said nothing, my head cocking as I evaluated that little bit of information. Every morsel of weakness I knew about this man was gold, as were my weaknesses to him.

I watched his eyebrows begin to pucker just the tiniest increment as he stared over my head at Isa, but his expression quickly turned hard and cold before he asked with a voice void of emotion, "Is she cold?" His gaze flittered down to mine then back to her. "You have her wrapped up like it's the arctic, and her cheeks are pink, but she's not sweating. If you would like, we can have a fire Elemental warm it up a bit in here."

Ah...in no way did he hate children.

That was all I needed to know for now. Slowly, I moved out from between them. "That's very kind of you," I murmured, feeling Isa's cool, rosy cheek. "I'm sure she'll appreciate that."

He grunted, no emotion showing as he glanced back to where two Vampires stood - a male and a female, both of them very similar-looking to each other - and asked one of them to have the heat turned up. King Zeller's green gaze then turned to Antonio. And stayed there. I watched his eyes harden even further than while he had been evaluating my daughter. His black eyebrows snapped together as he glanced over Antonio's facial features. "Last week, I didn't..." He trailed off, his gaze slamming back to Antonio's. "You never caught me, Elder Farrar."

I blinked and hid my confusion the best I could by staying silent. I had no clue what this was about, but Antonio seemed to understand by the way a small smile played at his lips.

He rested Isa more firmly on his hip, eyes never leaving King Zeller. "King Venclaire may have been the one to eventually find you," his lips lifted further, "but who do you think helped him be in the right place at the right time?" His eyebrows lifted in question. "And believe me, I had much better things I needed to be doing, such as raising my daughter," a head tilt in my direction, "Lil, here, but instead, I had to run after a foolhardy young man while she was sent to live with her now," his grin was a bit evil, "deceased uncle."

I stood still as a statue, completely understanding now. Antonio hadn't just left me after my first Awakening, which felt like so long ago. He had been searching for a goddamn runaway Prodigy Vampire. Doing the math quickly in my head...I blinked...well, hell. I couldn't exactly add this to my list of things to hate King Zeller about. That had been around the time he had lost his mate. Some unhinged more than others when their mate died, and as my eyes roamed King Zeller's carefully blank face, I realized he was one of them.

"Love's a bitch, King Zeller," I murmured, lifting Isa from Antonio's arms to break the growing tension between them. "We're all much better off without it." I kissed Isa's forehead. "Unless it's the love of a daughter or son." My smile matched Isa's, and I placed another kiss on her forehead. "Now that is worth having."

King Zeller slowly dragged his eyes away from Antonio, his gaze meeting mine. "I'll take your word for it." Green eyes flicked to Isa, and his voice softened the barest bit. "Although, I can see your reasoning. She really is beautiful, Queen Ruckler." Truth. My lips lifted at the honesty - there was almost kindness in his void words - before he bent, bringing his head level with hers as Elder Zeller had done earlier. Isa eyed him, her own green eyes tracking over his features, her expression reverting back to cautiousness. King Zeller's lips lifted on one side, and if I wasn't mistaken, it was a shadow of his real smile. He whispered, "Hello, Isa. You're a smart one, aren't you?"

I knew what she was going to do before she did it. She had just recently picked up a fascination with noses. And she was studying his awfully hard.

Isa grabbed it, digging her tiny fingers in, and wiggled it. She grinned slowly with a giggle bubbling past her lips at her ornery action.

Quickly, I pulled her hand back, muttering, "Sorry. She thinks it's cute." I paused and blinked. "I mean, she thinks pinching noses is cute," I waved a hand at his nose, "not that your nose is cute." Well, hell. That hadn't come out right, either. "I mean, not that your nose isn't cute." I choked, because that sure as hell didn't come out right, either. "Um, what I mean is-"

King Zeller held up a quick hand to stop my idiotic ramblings. Thank God.

A smidge of the hardness was gone from his gaze, green eyes sparkling with amusement and dancing as he watched me. "I get it. And it's all right. I can handle a baby's playfulness." Appearing like he wanted to laugh at me, which pissed me off - I was truthfully upset at myself for my blathering - he turned to Isa, careful to keep his distance from her hand that twitched as she stared at his nose again. "And you, little one, are not only smart, but ornery." His lips lifted, but this time it was his cruel, hard smile as he bent forward, whispering quietly near her ear, "Give your mom hell for me."

"That's enough of that," Elder Zeller muttered, slapping a hand on King Zeller's shoulder and giving him a reprimanding look as he straightened. "Try not to corrupt the young."

A grunt was his answer, that cruel smile still lifting King Zeller's lips before he glanced at those silent around us. "Shall we sit down to eat? Our food's probably getting cold."

Elder Zeller grunted, too, much like his son. "We might as well."

Turning to take my seat and pulling my chair out, I froze as my gaze landed on a table three over. Or, more precisely, on a Mystical sitting at the table. His eyes were on me as mine were on him. John Smith. At King Cave he had challenged me, and we had fought, but I had ended up letting him live. He was also a hybrid, which I had figured out during our fight. He pretended to be fully Shifter, as I did, but where I hid my Vampire nature, he hid his Elemental side. I hadn't seen him since the challenge, but here he was at King Shadow. And he was one hell of a powerful being, his power damn near rivaling my own Queen's power.

"Queen Ruckler?" King Zeller asked, standing next to me, pulling my attention back to him as he waited for me to move. His eyes were also on John Smith where I was staring. "Is there an issue?"

"No," I stated instantly, then I glanced at him unrepentantly. "But would you excuse me for a moment? I've just noticed someone I would like to speak with." And I didn't want the man disappearing again before I had a chance to talk with him. When King Zeller's eyebrows raised slowly, his attention turning back to John Smith, he shook his head gradually. Placing Isa in Antonio's arms, I stated, "I'll be back in just a moment." Quickly, I took my jacket off, blatantly showing the weapons I had on - which was what I wanted since the man was powerful - and set it on the back of the chair I would be sitting on. I walked over to where he was already standing away from his table, waiting for me.

He stared at me, eyes roaming my face then down my frame, hands in his pockets. When he was through with his perusal, slightly faster than my scrutiny of him, he stated bluntly, "You've changed." His head tilted toward mine. "Maybe I should show you my creativity, after all."

My head tilted, ponytail slipping over my shoulder. "The last time you got creative my wrist was shattered and you almost ended up dead." I snorted. "Again, foreplay shouldn't include a goddamn physician on standby." I struck, lifting a quick hand, and jerked his chin down, leveling his face with mine, getting to what I wanted. "Are you a Commander here?"

He jerked his chin away, his wolf growing quietly.

"That's what I thought," I muttered, running my hands over the top of my head, tightening my ponytail. "Dammit, John." I growled, thumping his chest, frustration and complete understanding filling me at the same time. "Meet me after dinner at my tent."

His eyes became guarded. "To take me up on my possible offer?" No, he didn't want to talk about himself, or the power he hid from everyone, and he was hedging to find out which it was I wanted.

I growled, not giving him an answer. "Just find my tent." When he nodded, I turned away from him and rubbed a hand over my face, trying to decide how the hell to use him in this war in a way he would allow. He was too powerful an asset not to take advantage of. Sitting on my chair, the table's occupants quiet, I lifted Isa from Antonio's arms and onto my lap. "Sorry for the disruption."

"Friend of yours?" King Zeller drawled across from me, reclined on his chair.

"An acquaintance," I specified, resting on my seat more comfortably and taking a sip from my cup of coffee in front of my plate. I made a face and reached for the cream and sugar, the coffee black in my cup. My eyes met Elder Merrick's. "You may remember him from King Cave." He had been there during the fight.

Elder Merrick stared, then he glanced over his shoulder at John. Watched him a few moments. He chuckled, the sound still rough, turning back to me. "Yes, I do." Navy blue eyes searched mine. "I remember you showed him leniency when he challenged you, but what do you plan to do with him now?"

I stirred the sugar and cream in my cup. "I haven't figured that out a hundred percent yet."

"Compassion during a challenge," King Zeller murmured, taking a sip from his own coffee, staring. "He must be someone special." When I only shrugged - I was not about to give away John Smith's secret to anyone - King Zeller turned his attention to his plate. "So, Queen Ruckler, you were at King Cave?"

"Yes," I stated, a bit of ice entering my tone, which couldn't be helped. It was the place where I was mind raped. But I was still conscious enough to keep the conversation rolling. "Have you ever been?"

"Yes, briefly," he glanced at me then down to Isa. "I think she's beginning to sweat."

"Oh!" I placed my coffee cup down carefully and quickly began taking her green knit jacket off, then her knit cap, setting them on the table. Her hair was a mess on her head, smashed down from the cap as it had been, and I quickly ran my fingers through it, feeling it was, indeed, damp with her sweat, the fire Elemental having done their duty. She grinned at me, rocking back and forth and babbling happily with the attention, making me smile at her sweet innocence. She bounced, pressing her cheek to mine, her baby arms around my throat as she glanced around at the table's occupants, still grinning. I blinked, seeing everyone staring blatantly at us, their eyes darting back and forth between the two of us. "I'm sorry," not really, "did I miss something?"

King Zeller slowly lowered his coffee cup, his head cocking. Green eyes flittered back and forth in quick succession between Isa and me, taking in each part of our faces. My lips began to pinch, but I quickly adjusted the action, knowing exactly what he was going to say before he did. Slowly, he drawled, "Your adopted daughter looks much like you, Queen Ruckler." His eyes went to her hair. "Your Vampire daughter."

Playing it cool, eyebrows raised, I murmured, "Well then, I guess I should feel fortunate since even you've said she's beautiful." I had actually had this conversation a few times before with others who also had a keen eye, so I knew how to handle it and keep my words truth. "Thank you for the unintended compliment."

His eyes flittered to mine, narrowing slightly. He didn't argue the 'beautiful' point, which actually surprised me, but he wasn't to be deterred, his eyes swiftly turning back to Isa. Her hair. His head cocked slightly. "I haven't seen so few black streaks since Elder Venclaire."

And...I froze, unprepared for that comment...because in my mind, she did have her grandfather's hair. Elder Venclaire. Lots of bright red with tiny, sporadic streaks of black. Fortunately, King Zeller was still staring at Isa, and I was able to glance at Antonio for help.

But, the unfortunate part was, he did nothing to assist me.

Licking my lips, I stated, "Well, I guess it is like his." It came out a smidge shaky, but I was coming up with this on the fly. Really, I should have been prepared for this. King Zeller had been trained by Elder Venclaire. He knew the Elder, so this shouldn't have caught me so off guard. "Maybe that means she'll be powerful like him."

Green eyes slammed to mine. "You've met Elder Venclaire?"

"Yes." My heartbeat and breathing were normal; the only sign of nervousness was the slight flush I could feel burning my cheeks. "He and the other three Kings did my Awakening when I shifted into a wolf." My lips lifted, and I tried again to distract him. "It was a bit of an ordeal."

His gaze flicked to my hair. "I bet it was." And like a f**king hawk, he turned his attention back to Isa, murmuring softly, "It's remarkable, really, the resemblance between you two."

I blinked, coming up with shit to say, so I went with that. "I don't know what to say...other than thank you." I shrugged a shoulder when he stared at me. "If I'm half as pretty as her, I would be grateful." Truth.

He stared for a long moment. Grunted. Eyes back to Isa. "Honestly, she even looks a bit like Elder Venclaire in the eyes." His head cocked. "Not the color, but the way they tilt." He blinked slowly, glancing back to me, and if I wasn't mistaken, he was eyeing the shape of my eyes as he asked, "Who was the father?"

Instant and truthful. "I don't know who the father was." Christ, I needed to get him off this line of questioning, so I went with the only thing I could to distract him, lifting her in his direction. "I know you said you would never lay a finger on her, but would you mind holding her while I eat since you don't appear to be too hungry?" Yeah, there we go. He appeared a bit startled, his hard face cracking. "I'm starving, and it's difficult to eat while holding her."

And, as I knew he would since this was a formal dinner and he had tortured me, he slowly lifted his massive arms to take her from my grip, giving me a quick glare. She whimpered quietly going into a stranger's hands, and peered back at me, but as soon as King Zeller tucked her against his body protectively, she made a cooing sound and ducked her head under his chin. She snuggled into his warmth, keeping a watchful eye on me to make sure I wasn't leaving entirely. I smiled at her encouragingly then glanced up at King Zeller, saying, "Thank you."

He grunted, his grip on Isa tightening, appearing massive compared to her. "She's tiny."

Covertly, I sniffed, and even though I could have blatantly called him on his earlier lie, since he reeked of protectiveness while holding her, I murmured, "She's perfect as she is." Lifting my silverware from the table, I blinked - my eyes flittering back and forth between King Zeller and Isa. I froze again, feeling light-headed, my vision dimming, heart rate shooting into a wild gallop. If she looked like me...well, the dual pairs of spring green eyes staring back at me, the mocha skin, the arched eyebrows, Isa's red and his black...

The knife and fork in my hands began to shake as I sucked in a harsh breath, my body visibly trembling as, unbidden, I whispered, "Impossible."

And it was. The Law that had mind raped me not only spelled the two who had broken the Law to not remember one another, it spelled them to be separated, never to see each other again. I shook my head, ignoring the way King Zeller's eyebrows were beginning to furrow. It couldn't be. There was no way. He just had to look damn near identical or be a great representation of the man I had been with. Hell, of the man I had loved and who had loved me in return.

King Zeller asked, "Are you feeling all right, Queen Ruckler?" His brows pinched even more as he glanced at my hands on my plate. "Perhaps you should eat if it's been a while."

An odd noise left my throat, but I was feeling a bit of sanity return at knowing this had to be pure madness on my part, and I turned my attention to Antonio next to me. And all air escaped me as he held my gaze with the most utterly blank expression I had ever seen on him, which was saying something.

Holy shit.

Instinct had my gaze darting to Elder Zeller. I choked, seeing the same expression there.

No way.

My gaze to Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs was returned in the exact same fashion.

I was hyperventilating - yes, hyperventilating - as the knife and fork fell from my limp fingers to my plate, clattering loudly. As I sucked air harshly, the noise loud and high-pitched to my ears, my gaze swung to King Zeller. His eyes were darting everywhere mine had, to the mute and motionless Elders around us, then back to mine. For the first time ever - in what I could remember - he showed confusion as he stared, his gaze swinging back and forth between my eyes.

Quickly, watching as I grabbed at my chest, he asked, "What am I missing?"

I sucked in air again, blinking hard, then pointed a shaking finger at him, wheezing, "You said you were at King Cave?"

Instantly, his eyes hooded, guarding any expression he might show. "Yes."

"When?"

His eyebrows furrowed even further. "Directly after the attacks began."

"What do you remember of King Cave?"

Lazily, he drawled, "Now, that's an odd question to ask."

Too bad his tense body didn't reflect his calm words.

I stared. "Oh, Jesus f**king Christ." A half-hysterical laugh escaped me as my attention snapped to Antonio. "Am I right?" I paused. "But how the f**k is it possible?"

No answer. No expression whatsoever.

My attention turned to Elder Zeller because he was acting exactly the same. "Can you speak about this?" My gaze darted furtively between his dark orbs. "Am I right?"

No answer. No expression whatsoever.

My gaze turned to Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs...who had the same blank expressions. "Oh. My. God." My eyes were wide. Huge, in fact. I know they were as they swung back to King Zeller, another half-hysterical laugh bubbling as I stared, evaluating him. "I don't even like you."

Clear confusion was now displayed on his handsome face as he murmured, "The feeling's mutual." He leaned forward and whispered harshly, "What the f**k is going on?"

I countered, leaning forward and keeping eye contact, and asked bluntly, even if barely above a whisper as I was automatically conscious of confidentiality, "Were you mind raped a little over a year ago? Origins at King Cave?" I pointed to my head with a shaky finger. "Blank, black spots going back for some time?"

He had gone predatory still, so much so, Isa began squirming in his arms. Ever so slowly, eyes glowing dimly, barely controlling himself, he hissed, "How the f**k do you know that?"

Air shuddered out of me, and I clamped a hand over my mouth as I swung back against my chair, staring at him intently. Panting, I shut my eyes in dazed confusion. I could not understand how this was possible, not an ounce of clarity to guide me...except there was enough evidence to extinguish the one little fact we should have been spelled to never meet.

"Answer me!" he ground out, and my eyes flew open as he slammed a fist onto the table, Isa's soft whimpers going quiet at his scarcely contained fury. "How the hell could you even guess that?" No, he was no longer a cold outer shell, as I was no longer one right now.

I pointed at Isa, my whole body trembling, voice a mere breath of sound. "King Zeller," asshole, "take another, harder, look at Isa, and you'll have your answer." I was still shaking my head in denial, utterly confused. "You were already on your way to figuring out who her mother is...now try to look past the impossible to see who her father might be."

Green eyes, still furious, darted between mine, but after a few moments of silence at our table, he glanced at his dad's completely void face, glowering even further at him before he slowly and gently lifted Isa away from his body to stare her in the face. Again, his eyes flicked back and forth between me and Isa, now with a cautious expression. His head cocked, and he stared me in the eyes for a moment too long - no emotion showing - before gazing back to her without a word, even though I knew he had come to the correct conclusion of who was Isa's biological mother. Time passed as he continued staring. He did not voice one guess as he analyzed the second part of the equation, considering the man who had created her - the Vampire I had illegally had sex with. His eyes flicked over Isa's features in rapid succession, his black arched eyebrows pinched.

And still I waited for him to look past the impossible.

His scrutiny finally ended on Isa's spring green eyes.

And stayed there as he froze.

As mine had done earlier, his hands gradually began to tremble.

Isa whimpered and peered back at me, her chin beginning to tremble. She was done playing this game.

I started to lift my arms to take her, but King Zeller's Vampire growled quietly, and in a flash she was swiftly tucked back against his body. He rubbed her back softly, and she began to quiet, nuzzling into his warmth with an arm lifting around his neck and her bitty fingers gripping into his skin, their coloring exactly the same as King Zeller's.

Not really wanting to, but making myself, I lowered my hands and peered up into King Zeller's eyes. A furious and confused green gaze stared back at me as he continued to console Isa. Somehow he had known he had been mind raped over the love of a woman. Possibly he had clues, as I had my ring and a man's t-shirt, but now he knew who the woman was.

Me.

And now, he knew he had a daughter.

Isa.

He exhaled grandly, his mien flipping like a switch to show nothing. "You were mind raped?"

Swiftly I altered my expression as he had, resting back against my chair. I even lifted my coffee and sipped from it with a steady hand, not about to let a damn thing show. "Yes."

His gaze danced to our table's mute occupants, his arms tightening on Isa. "You should have waited to have this conversation." A blatant reprimand.

Cool rebuttal. "From their non-reactions, they already know." My gaze flicked to Elder Zeller. "And your dad's reaction to Isa makes more sense." She was his granddaughter, and he had instantly fallen in love with her, like any good granddad.

"Possibly," he murmured, eyes sticking on Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs. "If they all knew, then we were sloppy as hell."

I snorted, setting my coffee down as if this was the most normal conversation in the world. "Clearly, we were." I lifted my knife and fork. "We obviously need to finish this discussion elsewhere, so do you mind holding her a bit longer while I try to eat something?"

He grunted. "Feel free."

Polite words. "Thank you."

Well...that was the most civilized conversation I'd had with the man.

It was one hell of a show on both our parts.

Chapter Six

"What type of Elemental are you?" I asked bluntly, reclined on one of my burgundy plush chairs in the front room of my tent only a few minutes after dinner. This needed to be a quick meeting because King Zeller and I had asked the four Elders at our table to meet here, at my tent, in an hour. Isa lay content on a blanket on the floor, playing with some of her toys, while I had this exchange with John Smith. He leaned against the bar, eyeing Isa curiously as he drank from the glass of wine I had poured for him. "I was unfamiliar with your blood's taste, but I know it's one of the Elemental powers."

"Bitten many Elementals, have you?" he asked, his eyes, still as guarded as before, finally meeting mine.

I shrugged a shoulder, honestly unsure how I knew what an Elemental's blood tasted like - it was just something I knew between the voids in my mind. I set my coffee on the table, kicking my boots up next to it. "Answer the question, please." I wasn't putting any command in my tone, trying a different tactic with the man whose power was almost as strong as mine, and his secrets just as deep.

He took another sip of wine. "Whatever possessed you to adopt a Vampire child?" His lips lifted into a cynical smile. "Are you to be the Queen of mercy?"

"No, being the Queen of the Shifters is queen enough for me." I cocked my head and decided to answer his question in hopes he would return the favor. "And I fell in love with her the first moment I saw her. She needed me, so she's mine."

He watched me. "You are not at all what I expected." His nostrils flared, and he motioned to his hair with his wine glass. "The Element's in the hair."

My gaze flew to said hair. "So it's not spelled." I had thought it was. And now I was in complete awe as I stared at his deep black hair that had tiny streaks of white. "Spirit." The rarest of the rare Mysticals, even compared to a hybrid, which meant he was...double rare, I guessed. "Incredible."

He snorted. "Cursed, is what I am."

"I've often thought that about many parts of my life," I murmured, then licked my lips, making myself look away from his hair to meet his dark gaze. "Life is cursed, most of the time."

His gaze roamed over my face. "You really have changed since the last time we met."

I shrugged and got to the crux of why I had asked him here. "John, I understand why you hide in the middle of the normal, but you're not normal, and I'm not talking of your hybrid nature, either." I nodded at his chest. "Your power rivals Rulers. You should be helping in the war from a Commander position rather than the infantry." When he opened his mouth, ready to argue as I knew he would, I held up a hand, stating, "And you won't. If I ordered you to be a Commander, you would run. I know this. But you're also a fighter. You fight for what you believe in, which you showed by challenging me." I watched his reaction. "Having said that, what I have in mind for you is more of a...singular position...working directly under me, by my command only. Your position would be completely undisclosed, this decision, and any future missions, between only you and me."

He blinked. "A spy? Is that what you're talking about? You want me to be a spy?"

My head teetered back and forth. "Think of it as being a black ops soldier." I rubbed my chin, seeing I had sparked an interest by the way his eyes sparkled. "You could pass for a Com easily enough. And I have a feeling you have contacts worldwide I would probably prefer not to know about." Hell, I had my own contacts like that since I had secretive houses all over the world, paranoid as I was. "The less you tell me the better. But I currently have a mission in mind you may be able to use those contacts for, and the skills I'm sure you've acquired through your years of occasionally running." I would do it myself, but I was needed on a larger scale as Queen Shifter - being precise where I delegated my time for this war. So he was what I needed right now, someone just like me to do this job. "Interested, John?"

It didn't take long. "You could say I'm intrigued." His head cocked. "How do you know you can trust me to do as you ask?"

I shrugged. "I don't trust you a hundred percent, but if you f**k me over, I'll kill you." And yes, that was truth spoken. No fanfare, only brutal honesty. This job needed to be done, and it was a long time coming. "You don't know me, John. You thought you did at one time, and you were wrong. And I can tell you honestly, if you ever think you have me figured out now, you'd be wrong all over again." And that was truth, too, since I couldn't figure myself out half the time. "So, if you want this job, it's yours, but know that I expect complete loyalty on your part with any mission I ask of you."

He was quiet for a long moment. "Most women are softer when they become mothers."

My lips twitched because that was f**king hilarious. "The answer to that is given."

He chuckled quietly then finished off the rest of his wine. "I guess it is." He placed the glass on the bar. "I'll give you an answer by dawn."

I nodded, even though I already knew what his verdict would be - as did he. "I'll be waiting." He was only playing hard to get, his ego not allowing him to do anything else. "Goodnight, John."

He smirked, walking toward the tent's flap. "Goodnight, my Queen."

I snorted as soon as the flap closed behind him. Condescending bastard. And yeah, I really liked the guy for it. Rubbing a hand over my face, I let my head fall back on the chair, closing my eyes for a moment as I tried to switch gears, readying myself for what was about to come. Antonio hadn't said anything to disprove what I had deducted. And neither had the other three Elders, each of them quiet as they had eaten their dinner as quickly as King Zeller and I had. Which was all the more confirmatory, but still, it didn't make sense.

Standing, I lifted Isa and, wanting to test a notion, I walked us into our bedroom, murmuring, "Let's get changed into something more comfortable, Isa."

Only ten minutes later, Antonio popped his head past my bedroom's protective flap, stating, "Everyone's here, Lil."

I was in the process of buttoning the jeans I had changed into. "We'll be out in a moment." Steadying my nerves was a biggie before I went out there where he was.

Antonio nodded and closed the tent's flap. Sighing, I tightened my ponytail and lifted Isa from the bed, now in her beetle-decorated pajamas. And as soon as I walked past the tent flap into the front room, I stopped, my attention zoning in on King Zeller where he sat on the chair I had vacated earlier.

His gaze honed in on the grey t-shirt I was wearing, and he blinked. Stared. A soft, rough chuckle escaped him as he muttered, "I wondered where the hell that disappeared to." He rested an elbow on the arm of the chair, chin in hand, fingers covering his mouth as his gaze lifted to mine. "That was my favorite shirt." His head tilted on his chin, eyes steady. "Was that a test?"

"Yes." My head slanted to the Elders who stood frozen around the room. "Since they can't say shit, I needed confirmation."

His eyebrows rose, and he stared at Isa. "I would think both of us being mind raped at the same time, and your daughter's looks, was confirmation enough." He paused, hard gaze lifting to mine. "Correction: our daughter."

I snorted. "I could have f**ked any Vampire to have broken that Law. Yes, she looks damn near identical to you and not many Mysticals have your skin tone and green eyes-"

"My mother was Caucasian," he interrupted me. "I got the green eyes from her, and I suppose somewhere down the road," he spoke the name brusquely, "Elder Zeller had to have the gene also."

"Anyway..." I gritted my teeth. "It could have been someone else...since under Law Six Zero Zero Two we never should have met again."

He lifted his index finger from his mouth, pointing it at me. "And that is the question of the hour." He rested back against the chair, eyes flittering down to my hands. He stared, then peered back up to my eyes. And completely surprised me by asking, "May I hold my daughter while we have this discussion?"

I blinked, an odd feeling of protectiveness and possessiveness churning inside my belly. This man, a man more powerful than me, since his Vizoac had been gifted to us, possessed a definite threat to my relationship with Isa. If he wanted, he could rightfully and fairly rip her from me and have her grow up with him instead. Without realizing, I had maneuvered my body so I was between the two of them, my eyebrows puckered furiously in frantic worry.

Instantly, he held his hands up in the air in supplication. "I only want to hold her." His voice was soft, like he was talking to someone who was ready to run. And yeah, that fit pretty damn well with how I was feeling. "I would never," he paused, then amended, "as long as she is being loved and well cared for by you, I would never try to take her away from you permanently."

My mind froze. "Permanently?" I was pretty sure I took a few steps toward the front flap of my tent...and instantly masked my power.

King Zeller's voice, if possible, became even more gentle, murmuring, "Would you keep her from me?" He held my gaze, eyes assessing. "That was all I was saying. I will want time with her." His gaze flicked toward the tent flap, steel entering his tone. "You need to stop and think before you make a mistake, because I won't be kind if you try to steal her from me."

I froze and blurted the first thing that came to mind. "How the hell did I have sex with you?" I shook my head hard, my gaze roaming up and down his frame. "I hate you on a level I can't even begin to explain."

He hummed quietly, eyes taking their own journey up and down my body. "If it makes you feel better, I'm in the same predicament, because I very much despise you. Although, I imagine your hatred for me has a bit to do with the fact that I had you in silver cuffs a week ago." He gestured up and down my body. "That, and I tortured you with a silver knife over and over again."

We both ignored how Elder Merrick's and Elder Jacobs's attentions swung to Antonio and Elder Zeller.

Green eyes met my blue gaze, and he continued saying, "Besides, some would say there's a very fine line between love and hate, and that the two sometimes blur together." He paused a moment. "And I know for a fact that you not only had sex with me, Queen Ruckler, but you also trusted me completely, and loved me wholly, unconditionally, and without bounds."

My eyes narrowed. He had spoken the truth like it was fact. "How do you know this?" When he stayed mute, my wolf growled quietly, but I tried to barter. "If I let you hold Isa, will you tell me?"

A black eyebrow lifted. "You'll let me hold her anyway because she's my daughter." His eyes flicked to her, and I saw them soften. "Speaking of which, I would like to now."

Antonio muttered, "Just let him, Lil." His mouth opened, and he made that odd gurgling noise that happened so often when he tried to say something but couldn't because of the spell.

I scowled, but after a few moments of contemplation, I figured there was no use trying to keep her from him. I was cruel, I was heartless...I was a bitch. But not where my daughter was concerned. She deserved to know him if he proved to be her father, which I had another way to test. Moving slowly, hating to do it but doing it nonetheless because it was right, I made my way to King Zeller.

His eyes were on me, but when I lowered Isa into his arms, his gaze snapped to her. Again, he instantly held her close, his large, muscled arms wrapping protectively around her and stretching the material of his dark silver robe. She stared at him, pressing away from his chest a bit to get a better view. Then she grinned as he stared at her, remembering him as she ducked her head, getting close to his warmth, patting at his chest.

My heart about melted at her sweet contentment, so I instantly backed away, feeling - actually, feeling - way too f**king much, and I firmly wrapped the protective shell of ice around my heart once again. "Would anyone care for a drink while we figure this out?" Hurriedly, I picked up the cold coffee from the coffee table and the empty wine glass from the bar, then maneuvered behind the bar. "I've got a bottle of red open."

"Already entertaining?" King Zeller drawled.

Content with the frigid chill I had coating me, I peered up to him. And blinked, seeing Elder Zeller leaning over the back of the burgundy chair King Zeller sat on, crooning quietly to Isa and earning a few giggles of joy in response. I blinked again, then glanced back down to the cups I was cleaning out. "I wouldn't call it entertaining exactly, more of a private meeting."

King Zeller asked idly, "With one Mr John Smith, an alpha wolf Shifter, infantry under Commander Biel?" I glanced up at him, and his lips twitched. "I'm a Vampire, Queen Ruckler. I easily overheard your conversation in the dining hall." He shrugged. "I was curious, so I inquired about him." When I only continued staring, evaluating his actions, his lips lazily lifted - a direct contrast to John Smith - a bit of fang revealed, just a smidge. "This is my camp. I know everything that happens here. Significant or not."

I breathed once, slowly, then stated, "I do realize this is King Shadow camp, and you and Elder Zeller founded it, but I was under the impression we were to be working together." I placed my hands on the bar, my head cocking. "Or am I to understand, as you have just stated, this is your camp?" And all that implies. If it was, we were going to have even more issues than we already had, ones I had hoped wouldn't occur but that I was prepared for nonetheless.

He stared with his intense green eyes, never once glancing away. Complete alpha. Utterly ruthless in his regard as he held my gaze. Everyone in the room had quieted, letting us have our little battle of wills without interruption, which was much appreciated because I seriously needed to know his answer to my question.

Again, he smiled, but it didn't reach his eyes. "We'll be working together, as was ordered, but know that nothing happens here without my knowledge." A pause. "So, if you want to have more private meetings with Mr John Smith," he snorted at the name, "which last exactly twenty-three minutes and forty-four seconds, or with anyone else, inside your privacy-spelled tent, I will be informed."

My nostrils flared, and I barely kept my eyes from glowing, the ice in my veins cracking the barest smidge. This was f**king bullshit. It wasn't hard to see where this was coming from now that I listened more closely to his tone. "Just because we might have had a child together that gives you no damn rights over me." I flicked a finger between the two of us. "We don't even like each other now, we have no relationship other than business together, and quite frankly, I'm beginning to wish I had never stepped foot into this damn camp and was still blind to the truth."

"Might have had a child?" he asked instantly, sounding incredulous. "Are you f**king blind, as well as sloppy?" He paused, head cocked. "Oh, that's right," again with that rough chuckle, his lips curving cruelly, "you thought I was a cat Shifter when we met, so I guess you are blind."

"Sloppy?" I growled. "I'm not sloppy." I pointed a sharp finger at him. "I'll have you know that was the first night I had ever done drugs," my finger slashed through the air, even though my defense sucked, "unlike you, and it's just f**king perfect that Isa has a damn druggie dad." My voice was rising. "And I'm certainly not blind." My finger waggled up and down his body. "You're big enough to be a Shifter and you move like a damn cat. It was a decent assessment, since you were masking."

Elder Merrick's jaw was beginning to gape, his head twisting back and forth between us. His hands lifted, and he stepped between our lines of vision to one another. Much like Antonio, he made a few gurgling sounds in his throat. Stopped. His wolf growled furiously as he stared off at nothing. Then he pointed a finger straight at me, ordering, "You're getting off topic!"

My lips thinned, and I took a calming breath, not looking anywhere near the ass**le King. "You're right." I pulled my cell phone out. "I'm going to have a DNA test done on him and Isa."

"What?" King Zeller asked quietly.

"DNA...science," I muttered, glaring at my phone as I hit Bindi's number. "You're intelligent enough to have heard of it, right?" My lips lifted when I heard his Vampire growl in irritation. I put the cell to my ear. "And don't worry. Bindi, my nurse, is in the know as much as these four since she goes into those gurgling spells like they do."

"If she talks, I'll kill her and anyone she tells." King Zeller shrugged. Truth. His gaze flicked to everyone in the room. "Same goes for everyone here." His eyes landed on his dad. "Including you."

"That's the point, genius. They can't tell," I muttered quietly, listening to the phone ring. Ignoring his Vampire growling again, I heard Bindi answer, and I sighed, placing six wine glasses on the bar. "Bindi, I need you to come over. ASAP." She agreed, keeping the conversation short as I poured the wine into the glasses, making sure mine was filled to practically the rim.

She arrived before I had even distributed the glasses to everyone. And like clockwork, as soon as she saw King Zeller holding Isa, she went completely still, her face going to that emotional void they were all wearing.

King Zeller cursed quietly. "Fucking hell, we must have been damn reckless if a Mage physician knows." He shook his head, rubbing Isa's back, and stared at Bindi. "You were stationed mainly in the fighting arena at King Cave, weren't you?"

She sighed heavily and nodded, her attention moving to me. "What did you need, Queen Ruckler?"

"Paternity test." I flicked a finger at King Zeller around my wine glass...then downed half of it. "On him compared to Isa." She stood motionless, not showing a damn thing, then hastily went to their sides and opened the medical kit she had brought with her. I finished the rest of my drink and grabbed the bottle before sitting on the couch. "I want the results tonight."

She snapped on latex gloves. "You'll have the results in less than an hour. I'll put a special rush on it." Her hands glowed as she smirked.

"Perfect," I murmured, staring between my empty glass and the bottle, debating drinking straight from the source instead of doing this civilly...but Antonio took that decision away from me, yanking the bottle out of my hand to pour me a half glass before moving across the room, carting the bottle with him. "I hate you."

His lips twisted in an evil daddy smile before he took a sip straight from the bottle himself. "And I love you." He stared pointedly at me. "Like Merrick said, you're getting off track."

Sighing, I leaned back on the couch, lifting my legs onto it and bending one of them to dangle my arm and glass over my knee as I watched Bindi use a swab on the inside of Isa's mouth. Isa made a choking noise, and I tensed, but Bindi was quick with the work, and as soon as the swab left Isa's mouth, King Zeller's eyes instantly flashed, and Isa's chin stopped trembling and she cooed quietly, snuggling back under King Zeller's sharp jaw. The ass**le King had just used his power to soothe her, which wasn't such an ass**le thing to do, but still... "Bindi, make sure you jab his extra deep." Oh! "Or maybe I could do it?"

Bindi paused in lifting a new swab to his mouth while King Zeller scowled at me.

"Not helping, Lil," Antonio muttered.

Unrepentant, I sighed in defeat, shrugging a shoulder. "It was only a thought." I flicked my free hand at Bindi. "Go ahead. I'll just have to make do with my imagination."

In the quiet, King Zeller's lips curled deliberately. "And that's all you'll ever have. Your imagination." His eyes flicked down my body. "While I, on the other hand, have actual memories of making you bleed."

"Nor are you helping, Ezra," Elder Zeller rumbled quietly.

Swirling the wine in my glass, I stared at it, barely hearing Elder Zeller. "There's no f**king way you're her father." I shook my head, watching the maroon liquid swirl in my glass. My eyebrows puckered as I became lost in thought. "No way in hell." My eyes lifted to him, watching as he opened his mouth wide for the swab, showing his pearly whites. His gaze didn't stray from mine through the quick process. I shook my head again, downing my drink. "God, if I did have sex with you, I was stupid as f**k." I pointed at Bindi as I stood, making my way to the bar. "No more than an hour."

She nodded, quickly exiting the tent to perform her tests while I uncorked another bottle of red. Rubbing my left temple, I poured another glass of wine to the rim, growling at Antonio when he started to intercept me. "Back the f**k off, Antonio...unless you want to actually speak on this matter." When his face went blank, I chuckled cruelly. "Yeah, the silent type is only charming to those not needing information, haven't I told you that before?"

I lifted my glass of wine, aiming it at each of the Elders. "Come on, gentlemen." I covered my mouth with my free hand in fake apology, my voice mocking. "Oh, I'm so sorry. Come on, Elders. The fiercest four ever. Please enlighten me and King Zeller," asshole, "on how it could be possible for us to meet again if we'd been lovers." I downed half the wine in my glass, instantly refilling it when they stayed mute, faces blank. I shook my head, laughing harshly. "Or better yet, tell me if King Zeller," asshole, "is my baby's daddy?"

I spoke in a pseudo whisper to King Zeller when they stayed quiet. "It sounds awfully ghetto, doesn't it? Who's your baby's daddy?" Another harsh chuckle as I gulped the entire contents of my glass, slamming it into sink when I was done, the glass shattering loudly. Hard pants racking my body, I turned my back to them, rubbing my face and muttering, "Fucking pathetic, is what it is."

After a few moments, King Zeller asked calmly, "Do you feel better now?"

"No, I don't," I stated simply, honestly, keeping my back to them and staring at the tent's sparkling protection. "Not a single one of you would understand. And at the risk of sounding sexist, I'll say it anyway." My head dropped as I rubbed my temples. "You're all men. You'll never know what it's like to be pregnant. And to top it off, I was pregnant and I didn't know how I got that way, only having assumptions, analytical guesses at best. I had no clue who the man was I'd had sex with. No recollection of his face, his name, his touch. Nothing to make sense of the fact that I had a child growing inside me." My hands dropped as I stared at the floor. "So, no, I'm not all right. I'm not all right with any of this. Not to mention, I still may not have my answers, because this doesn't make any damn sense."

King Zeller hummed quietly.

That was all.

But...that sound was enough for me to turn swiftly to stare.

His eyes captured mine. "Come here." A pause. "Please."

My eyebrows puckered, but I found myself moving toward him at his soft demand. "What do you know?" I sought an explanation in the depths of his eyes. "What aren't you telling me?" I stopped, waiting for an answer.

Again, he hummed quietly. Watching me just as intently as I was him. "Closer." Again, he asked nicely. "Please." I hesitated. I was already close enough in my opinion. But when I opened my mouth to argue, he shook his head gently, saying softly, "Trust me."

My jaw set, but I glanced at Isa. I already trusted him with my one light, my heart. Slowly, I took the remaining steps toward him, and I couldn't help how I stood on the balls of my feet when I stopped directly next to his chair. And when he hummed in quiet reprimand, I sluggishly lifted my eyes from his hands - where the pain would come from - to meet his gaze.

One side of his mouth curved, and he murmured quietly, "You're smart to be wary of me, especially because I don't trust you, either." Ever so slowly, his hand rose and hovered an inch away from my right hand. "But, I believe I have the answer to the million-dollar question." His heated palm touched mine, and I barely managed to hold still as he turned my hand until I felt the slide of his palm against mine, holding it gently as if I were made of glass. Eyebrows puckered, I peered down as something caught at my ring on my thumb.

It was...a black ring, which appeared just as unobtrusive as mine, on his thumb, his skin dark against my peaches-and-cream complexion.

My breath caught as I lifted my other hand, touching his ring gently. "Does it have an inscription?" I turned it gently, wishing to take it from his finger to inspect it myself.

"Yes." He cleared his throat, glancing at the other occupants of the room. He took his hand back slowly. "And I'd rather not say what it is right now, but," his gaze returned to mine and held, "what I believe our rings mean, the only option I found while skimming the Law book after dinner," his nostrils flared, his face tomblike and severe, "is that we're married."

I forgot how to breathe, and honestly, I couldn't feel my body for as long as the silence reigned over us. I could only stare at him, as Law One hit me like a whirlwind. I gripped my own ring hard, needing to feel something, as I choked, "Married couples can't be kept apart longer than two years, a minimum of one, no matter their punishment." I watched King Zeller nod, his spiked hair shimmering in the sparkling Mage light, and I tripped backward, falling hard onto the couch to stare at him. "What the f**k were we thinking?"

King Zeller's smile was scornful as his eyes lowered to stare at his own ring. "You know the answer to that as well as I do."

I shook my head, denial coursing through my veins, and covered my mouth with my hand as I turned my attention to Antonio. "Tell me this isn't right, Antonio." I shook my head again. "Tell me we weren't ignorant enough to not only have sex, but also have a child together and get f**king married." My eyes were wide. "Seriously, please say something. Gurgle. Do whatever you do to tell me no." I shook my head harshly, dropping my hand to swing it between King Zeller and myself when Antonio stayed mute. "Please tell me the King of f**king Vampires and the Queen of the damn Shifters did not do this!" My eyes flittered to all four Elders, pleading with them with my eyes. "Tell me we weren't this senseless!"

Not a sound...not a blink...not even a gurgle.

The air shuddered out of me as with wide eyes I turned my attention to King Zeller, unable to hide my emotions, freaked the f**k out. "There would have to be a record of a marriage."

He shook his head. "Not if we did it by old tradition."

I shook my own head. "I don't even know what that means." Fidgeting, I tightened my ponytail. "If you knew me at all back then, you would have married me the old-fashioned way, not with some old tradition." I nodded, knowing this was right. "There would have to be a record of this."

King Zeller's arched brows furrowed. He was quiet for the span of a minute, but he didn't dispute or question my certainty on this. "If there was a marriage certificate, it more than likely would have been mailed to us, as is the normal custom after it's processed." He shook his head. "I don't have any documentation like that." His eyes caught mine. "Unless you do?"

I stared at him, realizing I was hugging my legs to my chest, and quickly dropped them, understanding how weak I had to appear. Scanning my memory gave me no new leads on legal paperwork, but it didn't take long for me to realize where I would have sent documentation like that. I shook my head and chuckled softly. "I have a place where I send paperwork." I held up an instant finger when his lips parted. "And don't even ask where it's at. It's heavily spelled for a reason, and I sure as f**k don't trust you to know about it." My gaze went to Antonio. "Wanna take me on a quick trip?"

Chapter Seven

Riding in the golden emptiness that was Antonio's fastest means of transportation, I worried that I had made the wrong decision leaving Isa with King Zeller to go to the PO Box in New York that Antonio had spelled for me years ago for all official paperwork I wanted hidden. King Zeller had argued to go along, believing I would hide information from him, but his argument hadn't rung complete truth. I had pretty much gotten the gist that he wanted to snoop through my spelled PO Box, and I had firmly put my foot down, telling him to go to hell. And, although it had been somewhat amusing to see him sit back down to silently scowl - sulk - taking Isa's sleeping form back from where he had passed her off when he had tried to intimidate me with his height, I still worried I hadn't made the right choice leaving her with him. But damn if his Vampire growling at me when I had tried to take her hadn't freaked me out enough to back down. Well, that, and he had given me his word - gruffly - that he, and she, would be there when I got back...as long as I came back with everything that might pertain to our mysterious relationship.

So I had grabbed everything I didn't recognize from the spelled, voice-protected PO Box, dumped it in the pillowcase I had grabbed to haul anything I found, and now I was in the middle of the golden abyss, waiting to reappear in the front room of my tent.

And, like normal, I first noticed the scents as we started to appear. Everything smelled normal, making me feel better; the scents of those that were supposed to be there were. Sounds of their breathing - no one was speaking - hit me next. Then I blinked from the brightness of the Mage sparks as we appeared inside the room. I rubbed my eyes with my free hand, then my gaze darted around the room until I saw King Zeller sitting where he had been before, holding Isa's sleeping form, his pinkie finger held tightly inside Isa's gripping fist.

He scowled. "It took you almost a half-hour." Yep, his cheeks were flushed to match all of his pissed off aggression; he wasn't bothering to hide his emotions.

I shrugged, enjoying - actually enjoying - his discomfort. "Quit your whining." I lifted the bag, still holding onto Antonio's hand. "Or I won't show you what I found."

His gaze darted to our joined hands, his Vampire growling grumpily, but his mouth stayed beautifully shut.

My lips lifted, muttering, "There's a good Vampire King. At least you know when you're beat."

Angered by my taunting, his Vampire hissed.

Antonio pulled his hand from mine, shaking his head at me and sighing. "Try to be nice, Lil." He waved a hand at King Zeller. "I know I raised you to have better manners than this."

I snorted. "When?"

Antonio blinked. Stayed mute. Blinked again. "Well, I should have." His head cocked at King Zeller. "So work with me and pretend as if I did."

Elder Merrick chuckled quietly, staring at Antonio. "The similarities between you two are limitless."

Antonio's head teetered back and forth. "You say that like it's a bad thing."

"You've been mute this entire time," King Zeller rumbled at them, glaring. "Please, don't stop now."

Sighing, I moved to the couch, but stopped abruptly when Bindi brushed past the tent flap, rushing so much that she stumbled as she stopped. She waved a piece of paper at me...and started gurgling. Again I sighed, and I moved back to her, grabbing the sheet of paper from her.

Read the printout.

Stared.

Read it again, then nodded to her. "Thank you, Bindi. That'll be all."

After she left, I walked to the couch. Sat down steadily. And handed over the piece of paper to King Zeller as I dumped the items of the pillowcase onto the coffee table.

He read it, then he calmly murmured, "Well, now we know for certain."

Yes.

We now did.

King Zeller was, indeed, Isa's father.

And I couldn't bring myself to look at him, knowing for certain I'd had sex with him...and I couldn't remember a damn thing about it. "At least you don't remember anything about it, either." I fumbled with an envelope, my hands shaking a bit. "I mean, how awkward would it be if one of us did and the other didn't, right?"

"Right," he stated softly, laying the piece of paper down on the table - which his dad covertly pulled away to review - and rested a gentle hand on top of mine while I rummaged to get the package open. I jerked at the contact, blinking rapidly, not about to look at him. Fuck me if tears weren't threatening to spill over, relief and anger mixing together at finally knowing for certain who was Isa's father - even if I did not like the guy. He gently squeezed my hand before lifting the package from my grip and easily opening it, hardly hindered by Isa lying in his arms. Staying silent, he handed me the open package.

I coughed, hiding my sniffle, which I had to do or risk having snot running down my face, and peered into the package past the tears in my eyes. I blinked blurrily and pulled out a VHS tape. There was nothing else inside, the label on the tape reading: Lil's King Hall Graduation. I peered at Antonio because it was his handwriting.

"You taped my graduation?" Hell, I couldn't remember large chunks of it.

"Yes." A short answer.

My lips thinned, and I quickly wiped away an errant tear that verged on falling, and grabbed the next package. And opened it a bit easier. It was another VHS tape. Nothing else, except for the label that stated: Lil's first Awakening with Pearl, Jack, and Ezra.

I stilled, staring at the names, and flipped the wording toward King Zeller so he could read it, even as I turned my attention back to Antonio since again the handwriting was his. I gauged him, blinking away the tears that didn't seem to want to stop stinging my eyes. "You knew." My hand trembled as I set the tape down, hearing King Zeller grunt after reading it. "You knew in advance this was going to happen. Knew you wouldn't be able to speak." I cleared my throat hard when he still didn't express anything, my voice gruff and full of emotion. "You're not such a bastard."

After a silent moment, King Zeller stated briskly, "There's still one package left."

"Right," I murmured, turning my attention to the thinnest package of all three. Lifting it slowly, I carefully pulled the tab off and peered inside. There was more here, even if the package was smaller. I pulled out the piece of paper first and placed it on the table. And damn if everyone in the room didn't hover to read what it said. Breath escaped me as I scanned its contents, choking, "Jesus Christ, we actually got married."

King Zeller just stared, jaw clenched tight, eyes flittering over our marriage certificate.

Elder Merrick pointed at the paper. "Queen Ruckler...what does it say your middle name-"

I snapped the paper over. "My middle name is not up for discussion."

Elder Merrick started snorting, sounding like he was trying not to laugh.

My gaze darted to where he was hovering. "Seriously, not the time."

He lifted his hands, backing away a few steps at my expression. "Okay." He tilted his chin. "But someday I'm going to give you Shitz for it."

My wolf growled at him, but King Zeller tapped the package still in my hand. "Is that it?"

"No." I pulled out one of the photos inside next, studying it, evaluating every aspect of the picture, and a breathless exclamation escaped me. "Christ..." There were no other words. It was a close-up of our faces. We were both disguised with brown hair and glasses, and King Zeller had a short, trendy beard, but it was us, our cheeks pressed together, grinning like mad for the camera, with huge, cheesy, happy expressions on our faces.

"What is it?" King Zeller asked quickly, darting to the side, trying to see the photo, but he couldn't move far enough because of Isa. "The back has something written on it, too, but your hands are in the way so I can't read it."

I quickly flipped the photo and shook my head, reading aloud, "Baby and Sweetheart. Just Married." I shook my head, a bit wigged out. "It's my handwriting." I flipped the photo back over, but King Zeller snatched it out of my hands.

He froze, staring at it, evaluating it as I had while the four Elders peered over his shoulder, also staring at the picture, their expressions blatantly telling me they hadn't seen it before. I watched King Zeller, his expression utterly blank, like the Elders' expressions had been all night, as he stared silently at the photo. After a minute of evaluation, he flipped it, reading the back even though I already had. Slowly, his eyes lifted to the package, and he tilted his head toward it. "What else is there?"

I slipped my hand inside and pulled out the other photo. And choked, my cheeks instantly flushing. I was staring wide-eyed at a photo that was full-length of King Zeller and me, still in our disguises, but...King Zeller's back was to the camera, his head tilted down, mouth at my neck, clearly biting me as one hand gripped my hair, the other unseen behind me, while I tilted my neck blatantly for him, a huge, shit-eating grin on my face for the camera...while I grabbed one of his ass cheeks with one of my hands and pointed with the other to his other ass cheek. I fumbled, turning the picture around and clearing my throat hard, and glanced up at King Zeller and the Elders waiting to see what I held. I knew my expression had all types of guilt written there. I read the writing - my handwriting - silently this time: God's finest work, my baby's ass in leather.

Eyes huge, choking on air, I fumbled to put the photo back inside the package, muttering, "You can look at this later-"

I made a noise of protest as King Zeller's hand blurred and snatched the photo from my hand, stopping me. He blinked at the photo, peering down at it with that same blank expression, handling the situation much better than I was doing. My cheeks were fiery by now, tears long gone as embarrassment flooded me while watching the Elders peer down at the picture, their expressions not as blank as King Zeller's. Elder Jacobs rolled his eyes and shook his head, glancing up at me.

My mouth flapped a few times, then I just let my head drop to stare at my lap when King Zeller flipped the photo to read the back. I was utterly defeated.

Quietly, he chuckled after reading the comment, the sound still raspy from disuse, but he didn't comment when handing the photo back to me except to say, "Well, I guess we know which one of us was baby and which one of us was sweetheart."

I grumbled something unintelligible as I stuffed the photo into the envelope, then I pulled out the last of the contents: a DVD with the label King Zeller and Queen Ruckler Wedding written on top. I placed it on the table and stared at it, knowing my cheeks were still flaming. Clearing my throat, I pointed at all of the videos. "Which one do we watch first?"

King Zeller pointed to one. "The Awakening. Traditionally the first Awakening should have happened before graduation."

I peered at him, making myself meet his gaze. "You went to King Hall?"

He nodded once, settling further onto the burgundy chair and resituating Isa so she lay on his chest, the white silk of his shirt stretching across his muscled chest. "Yes. I also graduated from there."

My lips pinched, but I nodded, turning to Antonio. "Can you wrangle up a TV, VHS player, and DVD player for us?" He smirked and flicked his wrist. And suddenly, we had all I had asked for directly across from us. I stood, lifting the first tape from the table. "Thank you."

"You're welcome."

I put the tape in and got comfortable on the couch again, staring avidly at the screen, on which the video started up instantly. It was really hard to tell who was who with the hoods up on their ceremonial robes, except for me since I was so short - an obvious difference in height - but Antonio's voice started a quiet commentary. The location was King Hall's gymnasium, and apparently it was King Zeller - Ezra, as Antonio continued to call him - who was taking the lead in the first Awakening.

King Zeller muttered a curse, watching himself on the flat screen fumble through his first attempt, but every single person - except Antonio - jolted when I started to fall, my hood falling back to blatantly show it was me, my eyes closed, out cold. I stared wide-eyed at the screen as Ezra blurred, catching me before I hit the ground, his own hood falling back as he shouted my name and shook my face frantically with his free hand. And suddenly all hell broke loose inside the gymnasium as the two others - Jack and Pearl, Antonio had stated in his commentary - threw back their hoods as Ezra lifted me into his arms.

"Holy f**k," Elder Merrick muttered, sounding awed as Pearl, the blonde, threw one of the Kings into the air inside a golden bubble, while Jack, the blue-haired Elemental, threw up a wall of water around two of the other Kings - one being my biological father. Ezra's eyes started glowing fiercely as he floated backward, his Vampire taking over when King Kincaid jumped at him, trying to get me away from the King. Hand over my mouth, I shook my head, watching as King Kincaid shifted.

"You didn't tell me this happened," Elder Zeller practically shouted at Antonio, pointing at the screen. "Did my son get hurt?"

Isa stirred at his voice and all the noise on the screen, but King Zeller rubbed her back, his eyes evaluating everything on the screen, so I ignored Antonio ignoring Elder Zeller, and turned my attention back to the screen. And it appeared that just as King Kincaid was about to attack Ezra - and I honestly wasn't sure who would have won, by the expression on Ezra's fiercely beautiful face - I stirred in Ezra's arms.

Everyone stared avidly at the screen as my onscreen self woke and lifted a hand to pull on the infuriated Vampire's ear.

I blinked, hand still over my mouth, not really believing what I was seeing. I watched King Zeller's onscreen self pull my head away from his chest, not ripping me to shreds like another Vampire might have done in that state of mind as he stared down at me, while I woke completely, apparently coming out of the dead faint I had been in. We all watched as Pearl and Jack stopped their offensive attack on the Kings, the blonde in a real tizzy as she marched over to me in tears, hugging me hard.

I pointed a finger, seeing true emotion, true love, on her face for me. "Who is Pearl?"

The Elders went mute again, and my eyes popped wide. "No, no." I shook my head, eyes darting back and forth between the screen and them. "I'm not into girls. So there's no way I did something sexual with her." I jabbed my finger at the screen. "And the Elemental? Who are they, Jack and Pearl?"

Everyone went silent as the onscreen King Zeller started shouting at me, pissed off about me not eating or something like that. I blinked when he suddenly left the screen, leaving my onscreen self standing there with a huge wolf rubbing all over me, King Kincaid marking me. My eyes went back to the Elders, ordering them, "Tell me who they are!"

Again, not a word or expression was given, and I peered at King Zeller, bewildered. "Did we have a damn orgy or something?"

He held up a finger, still staring at the screen. "I wouldn't put it past myself since that wouldn't exactly be a new experience for me." His eyes flicking to mine, he shrugged at my expression before returning his gaze to the screen. "But I somehow doubt you would be involved in an orgy if that picture made you uncomfortable." His head cocked, he continued like admitting he had sex with multiple people at once was no big deal. "Traditionally, the Prodigies are supposed to meet at King Hall to study together for a year." His finger flicked at the screen. "I'm betting the Mage is Queen Cooper and the Elemental is King Collins since that's who they should have paired us with."

My gaze went back to the screen. "Now, why in hell would they take those memories from us?" I shook my head at the screen, but I watched how Pearl and Jack interacted. And it dawned on me. "Oh, well..." I chuckled quietly, shaking my head. "I'm betting we weren't the only two to break that Law." I flicked a finger at the screen, pointing at them. "They love each other, and they're not hiding it well with how freaked out they are right there," my head teetered back and forth in thought, evaluating them a bit more, "even if they weren't exactly doing the deed at that point."

King Zeller hummed, watching what I was, but abruptly cut off the noise as his onscreen persona appeared again, only to be bashed by King Venclaire, just in time too, because King Kincaid's wolf almost bit a chunk out of him.

Elder Merrick whistled quietly, but King Zeller raised an absent hand, muttering, "Like I said before, shut it."

"Aw," Elder Merrick murmured. "You brought her a sandwich and almost died for it."

I wasn't really sure what Elder Zeller did, but Elder Merrick ended up on the floor groaning and growling a bit as we watched my onscreen self eat the kindly offered sandwich, and so help me if my face on screen didn't color up a bit from the substance. I heard King Zeller grunt quietly next to me, apparently seeing what I had. I glanced at him, scowling when his green gaze met mine, appearing smug. Luckily, no one had caught on to the bitty fact that the other three Prodigies had acted defensively when I had gone down...as if they had been prepared for it. Like they had known there may be an issue, quite possibly because they knew I was a hybrid. When King Zeller's eyes went back to the screen, my gaze caught Antonio's and, like normal, his expression blanked, showing me nothing.

I blinked when I caught King Zeller, sneaky f**ker, staring at me again. Watching me. Well...okay...shit, not good. Maybe not all of them had missed that fact, particularly the one I didn't want to know. I held his gaze levelly, then I turned my attention back to the screen, acting utterly normal because even if the me before the mind rape might have trusted him with the information about my hybrid state, the me in the here and now sure as hell didn't trust him with the information.

When the first tape was done, I put in the graduation tape. We all watched as Jack, Pearl, King Zeller, and I graduated on stage. There were a few clips of us talking with Mysticals on the school grounds, our expressions ones of pained, forced politeness, and then the footage showed the four of us on the dance floor, cheerful expressions on our faces this time. There was a fire Elemental dancing with Jack and another Mage dancing with Pearl, but the camera altered and zoomed in on King Zeller and me just as he wrapped an arm around my waist, pulling me in tight against his body.

I went utterly still as I watched us dancing. That...oh, holy shit. I knew my cheeks were flaming as I watched us move against each other. Our hands just kind of went wherever they wanted. Body parts rubbing sinuously together. I placed a hand over my mouth gently as I watched us...

"Jesus," Elder Merrick muttered, sounding a bit breathless. "I think I bring sex to the dance floor, but f**k..." A pause. "Queen Ruckler, I know I've offered before...and it still stands."

Elder Jacobs grunted. "Maybe I could get a copy of this-"

And yeah, he never finished that statement, also ending up on the floor from something Antonio did to him, groaning before he stood, cursing quietly. While I kept my eyes firmly on the screen, watching as King Zeller and I moved together like we most definitely knew what the hell we were doing, our bodies connecting like old, present, and new lovers. I watched as King Zeller eventually spun me so my back was to his chest, running his hands down my sides to grip my hips...and he was most definitely staring down at my cle**age, which I hadn't even realized I could have.

More clothes...I definitely needed more clothes.

I flat out gaped as onscreen King Zeller stuck two fingers down my cle**age, and I didn't disagree when he started cursing next to me. How the f**k had we thought we could get away with that move? I stared wide-eyed as he lifted a piece of paper from the depths of my cle**age, both of us reading it before he stared down at me and chucked the paper aside. And suddenly we stilled, then he spun me away to Jack and the fire Elemental, both of whom were grinning and opening their dance space to me.

But I watched, holding my breath as, onscreen, Elder Zeller came up behind me...then we started dancing, classically to the music. Amazingly, my face was carefully schooled to whatever he was saying - the recording unable to pick up the conversation - but slowly, I could see when I started to falter, my eyes frantically darting off to the side, then back to Elder Zeller, before I schooled my features again and answered whatever he had asked. Elder Zeller continued speaking to me, his expression intent as he evaluated me, and my face cracked as I glanced to the side before peering back to him. Suddenly, King Zeller was on the screen, dancing with a beautiful Vampire, saying something to his dad before the partners were switched, and King Zeller twirled me away from them. And apparently, I started chewing him out, my expression worried and irritated as I spoke quickly to him. King Zeller's head tilted to the side before he spun me again, moving us directly next to a speaker, where it appeared he proceeded to chew me out, appearing irritated and exasperated.

I almost banged my head against the couch as the scene ended. But then I was watching us exit the dance floor, noticing we were careful not to touch each other...except for the tiny little detail that we were heading away from everyone, climbing a hill to the main building. Fuck, we didn't even glance back as I tripped him, both of us appearing like we were laughing merrily, having the time of our lives as we raced each other to the building.

I blinked, mute, as the tape ended when we disappeared in the distance.

King Zeller didn't make a noise either.

We stared at the blank screen, and I was sure he was just as dumbfounded at our stupidity.

Elder Jacobs murmured, "I still wouldn't mind a copy-"

Again, he hit the ground...but this time because of King Zeller, startling me as his hand blurred backward and grabbed a handful of Elder Jacobs's shirt, managing to keep Isa steady with his other hand as he tossed Elder Jacobs to the ground. His black army boot conveniently connected with the side of the Elder's face. Within two seconds, Elder Jacobs was out cold on the floor.

I stared down at him. "That...was...illegal." I blinked up at King Zeller, his attention back on the empty screen, his expression just as blank. "You do realize that, right?"

He shrugged a shoulder. "It's not as if any of this conversation even happened." Without a care in the world, he flicked a finger at the coffee table. "Would you put the other one in?"

Again, my attention swung to the Elder on the ground, no one moving to help him, and I eventually shrugged. "All right." I lifted the DVD from the table, muttering, "Let's just hope this is an actual wedding tape and not the damn honeymoon."

Elder Merrick made a choking noise, and I paused, my attention swinging to him, eyes wide. I lifted the DVD in his direction. "Have you seen this video before? Do you already know what's on it?"

He shook his head, actually grinning at me. If only his eyes weren't glued to my br**sts. When he spoke, his wolf was riding his voice. "No, I haven't seen that video, but I have to say, if it is what you just said, I sure as hell wouldn't mind watching-"

Yet again, he hit the ground, again by King Zeller, knocked out cold via the King's knee this time, instead of his boot. I pointed with my free hand where he lay on top of Elder Jacobs's body, shaking my head at King Zeller. "Was that really necessary?"

King Zeller grunted, rubbing Isa's back when she stirred. "Yes." A simple, blatant reply.

"And, you do understand they are both going to wake up soon, and they probably won't be very happy with you?"

He shrugged a shoulder. "I'll deal with that then."

I shook my head and turned to the DVD player, muttering, "Your funeral."

He only grunted behind me as I started up the video.

I had barely sat down when a handsome Mage's face I didn't recognize showed on the screen.

He whispered furiously, "Ezra, my man...whoa...just whoa." He laughed, his eyes bloodshot. He took a drag off a joint, the camera bouncing around, and barked, "Jury, hold the damn thing straight!"

I pointed at the screen quickly. "Who is that?"

King Zeller's lips lifted in an actual resemblance of a grin. "Judge, a friend of mine from Vegas. And Jury's his assistant."

Judge whispered, "Seriously? The Queen Shifter?" He scowled. "Do you know how many strippers I had to hide because you're so damn pu**y-whipped you wouldn't let me give you a proper bachelor party?" Suddenly, his scowl turned into a grin. "All the more for me, my man." Then his eyes somehow turned severe as he stared at us through the screen. "In all seriousness, I've never seen you look at someone like you look at her." His head tilted, bloodshot eyes glowing golden as he stared off at nothing, his voice going soft, almost whimsical. "Your love for each other is something to witness...like honest-to-god true soul mates, the one person anyone with a mate hopes they never find, and those without a mate pray they do..." His head cocked, and he blinked, his eyes no longer glowing as he turned his attention back to the camera, taking another drag off his joint. "Congrats, man, since I won't remember a damn bit of this after it's said and done." A roll of his eyes. "Thanks for that, prick."

A woman off-screen muttered, "They're coming."

Judge straightened, grinding out his joint, and the camera swung in the direction of a golden door - the entire room was golden and resembled an office of sorts. King Zeller and I entered through it, both of us wearing white robes, our hair brown, King Zeller with the dark beard of the pictures earlier, but neither of us was wearing the fake glasses.

I curled up on the couch as I watched myself get married onscreen, unable to access this memory, only view it as if it was someone else's life.

Onscreen, King Zeller and I wore identical expressions of complete and absolute love and happiness as we stared at each other, King Zeller every so often whispering softly, instructing me on what to do, since even now, in the present, I didn't know the Mystical way of marriage ceremonies, the events just a bit different than a Com wedding. I barely noticed when Elder Jacobs and Elder Merrick woke from their short 'naps', both only moaning quietly before standing to glare at King Zeller then stare at the screen. Sometime during watching the ceremony, Antonio moved behind me to rest his hand on my shoulder, squeezing it gently, keeping it there as we watched my past, which still felt unknown, like it was an out-of-body experience.

I could not remember ever being that happy. Not as joyful as I appeared onscreen. Even when I was mated, I did not remember being that filled with pleasure. Eyebrows puckered, I glanced over to King Zeller, the man who had apparently made me that foolish in love. I analyzed his expression, his hard features. Nothing of that man on the screen was visible, nothing of that joy and love was there. Instead, he was like me, cold and hard.

Green eyes flicked to mine, and they held when he saw me staring.

We eyed one another, our gazes slowly wandering over each other's faces before reconnecting, staring just as coldly as before.

Feeling my eyebrows pinch further, I was the first to glance away to the screen, to a couple that didn't exist anymore, a strangers' wedding. A couple who had been ignorant enough to get caught in their love for each other, and have all that goodness ripped away, every memory together that made them who they were...gone.

Left cold and alone.

My breath caught - maybe in a bit of jealousy or disbelief - as I stared at my onscreen self mouth to King Zeller, "I love you." I watched as he mouthed, "I love you, too." I had to keep my jaw from gaping as, onscreen, King Zeller lifted me straight off my feet at the end of the ceremony and placed his lips on mine. I stared without blinking as we embraced, kissing as if our lives depended on each other, like we were each other's life force. Jesus, seriously, I had to blink, wondering how long it was going to last.

Elder Merrick glanced at his watch. "That would be two minutes."

Still, I stared as our onscreen selves kept...going at it...King Zeller's hand in my hair, holding my face close, both my hands fisted in his hair, doing the same.

Elder Merrick grunted, glancing at his watch again. "Three minutes."

I damn near jumped when Judge started to take a step forward on the screen, his mouth opening to obviously break us up, but King Zeller's hand blurred from my hair - my onscreen self completely oblivious to this - as he grabbed Judge's throat, squeezed, then shoved him back, before his hand returned to me, placing it gently on my neck to tilt my head the other way, and I definitely saw tongues involved there as we altered our head positions.

Elder Merrick actually chuckled and muttered, "Fuck it. It's over four minutes. Longest wedding kiss I've ever seen."

Every single Elder in the room grunted in agreement, my cheeks flushing. I swear to f**king God, I could have taken a decent nap during the damn embrace it was so long, and when we pulled apart onscreen I saw my face lit up, flushing brightly, that kiss not meant to be seen by anybody but the two of us.

Antonio cleared his throat. Squeezed my shoulder once. Patted it. Cleared his throat again, and growled at King Zeller, "If you ever do that to her in front of me, don't expect to wake up for a damn week." Then he was marching to the bar, muttering, "I need a real f**king drink."

"Bring the bottle," King Zeller mumbled, and from the corner of my eye I saw him run a slow hand over his face, the first emotion-filled action I had seen him make since the videos began. "Fucking shit." His head fell back on the chair. "I'm married." A pause. "To the Queen Shifter, the woman I tortured only a week ago. And I have a daughter with her, a hybrid, a highly illegal being." He made an odd noise in his throat. "Yes, please bring the whole f**king bottle."

I still did not move.

Not even when Elder Jacobs started to slip a hand down to one of the videos - I could guess which one - and King Zeller suddenly had a gun in hand, aiming it directly at Elder Jacobs - even though the Vampire still had his damn eyes closed, lost in his own thoughts. Smartly, Elder Jacobs moved away, going to the bar, and only then did the gun disappear back to wherever the f**k he had blurred it from. I tilted my head on the couch and leaned heavily on it, eyes still glued to the screen...only to be utterly shocked when Elder Zeller snuck up next to me and bent to give me a hug, which encompassed my entire body since I was hugging my knees again. Eyes wide, I stared at him as he bent his head and ever so gently kissed my forehead.

When he pulled back, my gaze flew to his dark orbs. He tried to speak, but made that gurgling noise I was used to, and his Vampire growled softly, but I held still, completely shocked as he ran the back of his fingers lightly down the side of my face, affectionately, before turning and pounding his hand on King Zeller's shoulder a few times, also kissing his son's forehead before moving toward the bar and grabbing a bottle of whiskey. Eyes still wide, I turned my gaze to King Zeller.

He met it and shrugged, muttering, "Apparently, he's happy for us." He grunted, eyes closing again as he tilted his head back on the chair. "Too bad we aren't."

I snorted, letting my head fall back on the couch. "Understatement." I stared at the Elders who were still wearing blank expressions where they stood at my bar, making themselves at home as they fixed overly large drinks - a few made two drinks. My head cocked as I watched them...and I could have sworn they had a bit more bounce to their actions. "They're celebrating!" Bewildered, I gawked. "They're f**king celebrating this!"

Antonio lifted his drink to me in silent cheers, which was odd with his blank expression, but sure as f**k, he then toasted with the other three Elders before they took large swigs of their drinks.

King Zeller had cracked one eye open, watching them, and he grunted. "I might be too if I were them." His eyes closed as he groused, "Seriously, I need that f**king bottle."

I stared at King Zeller, shaking my head. "Do you really think a drink will fix this?"

His eyebrows lifted even with his eyes closed. "So says the woman who downed half a bottle of wine not even an hour ago?"

I scowled, not really able to comment since I was very much guilty of that.

His eyes snapped to me, his expression turning serious. "The other King and Queen need to see that first video." A pause. "And possibly the second one, if we can edit out that last bit of us."

I nodded once, attempting to be civil with him since he was making the effort. "Antonio can do that easily enough." Resting my head back on the couch, I eyed King Zeller, still unable to process that the man on those videos had been him at one time...with me. "Do you know who's able to perform a spell like this on us and them?" I tilted my head toward the celebrating Elders. "I've asked Antonio plenty of times, but he could never speak of it." I knew the Law inside and out, but heaven help me if I knew who actually performed the punishments.

King Zeller's eyes were tracking over my features as mine were his, but he still answered evenly, "Honestly, I have no clue. That is usually kept private for the Mysticals' safety." He ran his hand up and down Isa's back soothingly, the action appearing second nature.

My lips thinned as I realized he already loved her, which I knew I should be thrilled about, but in a way I was jealous. Jealous that she had another parent now who was going to get half of her attention, half of her love. It was selfish, I knew that, but the emotion - another damn emotion - was there nonetheless.

His eyebrow lifted as he watched me, silently questioning whatever he was seeing on my face, but he didn't verbalize his questions, continuing with our current conversation. "It's definitely a Mage, that much is obvious. And one more powerful than Elder Farrar."

I tapped my fingers on my legs, pushing aside the unwanted emotions coursing through me that were trying to derail my focus. "The individual's older then. They would have to be because Antonio's crazy powerful."

"Thank you," Antonio chirped from across the room, tilting his head at me as he poured himself another drink.

I did roll my eyes at him before turning my attention back to King Zeller. "What Elders are still alive, Mage-wise, that have that kind of power?"

King Zeller's jaw clenched and unclenched, his eyebrows furrowing. "There are plenty older than Elder Farrar, but there are only a few still living that have been known throughout history to do remarkable things. That doesn't mean we should rule out the others. I could put a list together, starting with the Mages with the most recognizable powers, and we could work our way from there."

I stared. I couldn't help it. He was being very amenable, extremely helpful. Slowly, my eyes started to narrow, because I wasn't the naive woman we had watched earlier on the screen. "And what would you want in return for this?" Nothing was ever free in life, especially someone's knowledge.

Gradually, his lips lifted into that cruel smile I was used to. "No arguments from you when I spend time with Isa."

Ah, point blank, he wanted me complacent to him being her father.

My jaw clenched because I sure as hell wasn't complacent where my daughter was concerned. "Wouldn't you help just to know who did this to us?" I eyed him hard. "Open the option to possibly getting your memories back?" Possibly by force, if needed.

He returned my regard. "Honestly...I'm currently undecided. I really don't know if I want them back." No flinching, only brutal honesty. "We did this to ourselves. We broke the Law. It was no one else's fault but our own." His chilling gaze touched each part of my face. "You were obviously a weakness to me, and I became reckless while I was with you." Green eyes stopped roaming my features to meet my gaze straight on. "So no, I'm not positive I want to remember you, or our time together."

Golden light erupted across the room, glass shattering.

My attention snapped in that direction, and I quickly held up a hand at what I saw. "Antonio, no!"

Antonio's expression was no longer blank, all the bottles of liquor at my bar having exploded. He wore the wrath of impending death on his features, King Zeller's death, his exposed skin glowing dimly as he scowled across the room.

"Don't go all daddy protective on me now." Keeping my gaze firmly on Antonio, I jabbed a finger at King Zeller. "I don't disagree with him. I feel the same way." I amended, "But I absolutely want the option to have my memories back if I eventually choose to have them." I waved a finger at the mess he had made at my bar, going for distraction. "Now, clean that up, since I think it's time for you four to leave." All four stared at me, Antonio slowly gaining control of himself. "You four don't need to be here for this conversation and you're only a disruption right now."

I could tell none of them wanted to leave, but after Antonio waved a glowing hand and everything at my bar was back to normal - enough full bottles of liquor to drown anyone's worries - they began filing out of my tent.

Quickly, remembering I had something I needed to say which couldn't wait, I said, "Antonio, can you wait outside for a few minutes? I'd like to talk with you once we're done in here."

He held my gaze, nodded once, then exited the tent, his eyes staying clear of King Zeller since his jaw was still clenched tight, his brows furrowed as he kept a tight rein on his emotions. I was pretty sure he was silently debating ways to torment the ass**le King for his blunt comment.

When the flap closed, the last Elder gone, I stared at it, stating, "I'll talk with him for a while after this, but you should probably call a few guards to walk you back to your tent tonight." My frank gaze turned to King Zeller's. "He could take you down in a heartbeat."

One black eyebrow quirked. "Are you worried about me," a slow drawl, "wife?"

I was pretty sure I didn't move for a couple of seconds at the term - the true term - then I snorted and shook my head. "No, not at all." My own eyebrows rose. "But if anyone is going to hurt you," a slight shrug, "it'll be me."

King Zeller and I held each other's gaze. Time ticked by sluggishly, neither one of us speaking, only quietly assessing one another and our situation. That I had gotten myself mixed up with this man, the King of Vampires, had to have been the poorest decision I had ever made, even if I couldn't remember it. The consequences of our actions, and I knew without a doubt we were both too intelligent not to have known them, were just too grand to have tossed over our shoulders without a care in the world.

A slight shake of my head. "We were so foolish."

A quiet grunt. "Yes, we were." His nostrils flared, green eyes still meeting mine. "It's truly remarkable two people such as us let this happen."

My smile was icy. "It happened because we weren't the same people as we are now." I rested my head against the couch. "Before the mind rape. Before this war. Before our experiences made us who we are now."

"That wasn't quite what I meant, even if also correct." He lifted his boots onto the table and began running his hand lightly up and down Isa's back again. "My point was, I can tell we are both of like mind in intelligence and duplicity, and we were that way even before the mind rape." He stared at his hand's movements. "The videos showed that plainly enough." He kissed Isa's tiny, soft head. "It's hard to imagine we were irrational enough to get caught."

I watched his actions with her, practically feeling his love for her vibrating through the air, even if his features were still hard. I breathed softly, again feeling jealous and worried about his potential for wreaking havoc with my relationship with my daughter, but I found myself saying, "I'm pretty sure I put up a fight when the punishment occurred, and possibly you, too."

Green eyes snapped to mine. He stayed silent. Waiting for me to continue.

I lifted a portion of the grey t-shirt I was wearing where the material was still darker than normal even after so many cleanings, the blood staining it. I pointed at it, fingering the soft cotton. "I was wearing this when I first woke after the mind rape. I had bled on it and it still held the barest scent of one man." I dropped the material and peered back up to him.

He stared at the small bloodstain. "Was the scent the same as mine?" His eyes lifted, unblinkingly gazing at me.

My lips pinched for a moment before I stopped the action, because there was something else in his gaze I couldn't quite decipher. I analyzed him slowly, trying to figure out the meaning. I scented the air slightly as he waited, and gradually saw his agitation begin to grow the longer I took in answering him.

My lips lifted condescendingly when I figured it out, even if he was just as brilliant as me at masking his expression. "To be honest with you, the scent was so faint by then I couldn't tell you if it was yours or not." I paused, debating being ornery, then decided to be decent with him in the hope it would pay off where Isa was concerned. "You can calm down. I'm an extremely loyal individual when it comes to those I care about, which I'm sure was no different before my mind rape. I've also been - unknowingly - faithful to you since then." It was truly unbelievable to know that this man, who loathed me just as much as I did him, could still be possessive where I, his wife, was concerned. "Sex has been the farthest thing from my mind."

His nostrils flared at my words; he was obviously irritated I had figured him out, but after a few silent ticks, he rumbled, "I haven't been with anyone either since the mind rape." Truth. Amazingly, he unflinchingly held my gaze giving up that information, which I could tell from his tone it pained him to admit. "I wasn't in the right place mentally." He inhaled heavily and exhaled slowly, Isa rising and falling on his chest with the motion.

I nodded once, understanding the issue completely. "Well, now that we know neither of us has gotten laid since we were together last," my eyebrows rose in an effort to lighten this topic and move along, "I think we should come to an agreement on what we were discussing before the Elders left." I bent over the arm of the couch to the diaper bag there, seeing Isa was beginning to drool on King Zeller's chest where his white silk shirt parted, wetting his mocha skin.

I pulled a clean burping rag from the bag, and stood to bend over her. Tilting her face gently, I dabbed at the wetness on his chest, stating, "I don't see why we can't come to some sort of an agreement on the knowledge you have of the Mage Elders." I wiped Isa's cheek and mouth before placing the blanket under her head and spreading it so it covered his skin before resting her head back against his chest. I pulled the blanket where it bunched a bit by her mouth, a paranoid mother's instincts riding me as I made sure her airways weren't blocked by the fabric. "And I could...try...to not put up too much of a fuss with you spending time with her." Satisfied with the blanket's placement, I lifted my head to him, saying, "It's going to take some getting used to..." I trailed off, realizing just how close I was to him, my attention no longer on Isa. Fuck, my neck had been exposed for the taking while I had been concentrating on Isa's needs.

I blinked, seeing where his attention was. Down the large-necked opening of my/his t-shirt. He was blatantly staring at my br**sts.

After I got over that shock, I pointedly cleared my throat.

An eyebrow lifted, but he didn't lift his gaze to mine. "From dancing bears to spiders with," his head cocked, lips twitching, "huge kissing lips."

I glanced down, awareness dawning that he was referring to my bra. "Do you mind?" I peered back up to him, my own head cocking. "I wonder if you put up this much of a fuss when we were together, because I've always worn lingerie like this."

King Zeller made a gurgling sound in his throat, but he quickly cleared it. "I think it's safe to say I voiced my opinion at least once." His lips twitched. "And no, I don't mind." Both black brows rose challengingly.

This past year had given me enough experience to know what could be used as a weapon. And sex was one such weapon, I knew, having sent plenty of Mysticals - beautiful individuals - on missions where sexual relations were used to gain information. And I wanted information: King Zeller's knowledge and his agreement to help me gain the choice of remembering my past.

And...he was my husband.

Plan firmly in place, I gently - and probably a bit too cautiously - leaned forward, placing my mouth a scant inch from his, whispering, "Do you like what you see?"

Lazily, his eyes lifted to mine, and he spoke softly, "That would most definitely be a yes." His lips curled, our breaths intermingling. "I did the first night we met. You were unconscious for a half-hour, so I was able to look my fill then."

Truth.

His smile lifted further, sinfully, as his gaze ran over whatever I was expressing on my features, which was probably a bit of shock, since I was stunned, not getting that vibe from him at all the night he had me strung up. His head cocked, lifting with the motion and bringing our lips closer together, almost brushing for the barest moment. "And Queen Ruckler, when you're trying to seduce a man for information, it's best to know fully whom you're seducing." He lifted one hand and hooked a finger in the neck of my shirt, pulling so it gaped further, but he didn't peer down to see what he had revealed. "If you really want to put in the effort to attempt this, I would suggest you try lace or silk or even a corset instead of the kiddy undergarments."

His words were meant to be cruel...but I could still scent that he was turned on, a dead giveaway he didn't mind the lingerie so much. The heady aroma enveloped me, and sadly, it actually turned me on the barest bit, heat radiating from him, so I attempted to keep my focus steady. "I do want that information." I lifted my hands slowly, giving him plenty of time to see them in his peripheral vision, and placed them on his knees, brushing aside his robe to gently and slowly knead his thighs, his muscles rock solid and heated under my ministrations, so much so, I almost stopped...but I didn't since I couldn't back down now. "I know I can convince you just how much."

His chuckle was deep and soft. "You have no idea whom you're playing with, Queen Ruckler." He spread his legs wider, blatantly showing me he wasn't one to back down either, and my hands slid further up his hard thighs, the soft material of his jeans no real barrier to knowing his body intimately. "You also need to work on your timing for attempting such carnal intrigues."

My eyebrows puckered, and I couldn't help but ask, "My timing?"

His tongue peeked out to slowly wet his bottom lip, and I know I stared, but since he was also staring at my mouth, I didn't stop myself. Another sensuous smile etched his features, and if I wasn't mistaken, it wasn't as cold as before, a bit of real feeling in the curve of his lips. His thick lashes hid his gaze, and he stated softly, "Yes, your timing." He lifted his head, so again our lips were a mere breath apart. The green of his eyes peeked at me from under his lashes. "Our daughter's been awake for the past minute." He paused as I stilled, dumbfounded I had missed that. Slowly, he slanted his head the barest bit, causing our noses to literally brush and sending a jolt of electricity through me, causing the flame that was already lit to flare brighter, my grip on his thighs tightening. "I think she's hungry, since she's sucking on her fist."

His lids lifted, and unflinching green eyes stared me straight on as he closed the distance between us, pressing our mouths together. Not kissing me, only keeping our lips in contact. But that didn't really matter because it still sent my hormones into overdrive. My breaths came in hard pants and my heartbeat galloped in a frantic rhythm inside my chest.

My saving grace was that he reacted the same way, even if his voice was steady as his wide, soft warm lips brushed back and forth against mine while he whispered, "You also need to work on not being distracted by your target."

I couldn't move away, and honestly, I wasn't sure I wanted to. I sucked in a deep breath and stated the obvious, "I'm betting we never had a problem with attraction." Fuck, staying abstinent as I had, his lips felt like a sensual balm I had forgotten I needed.

His nostrils flared, and his warm breath puffed on and inside my mouth, damn near making me tremble. "I believe that's a safe assumption." As his head tilted, his lips glided more firmly against mine. "It would undoubtedly be prudent for neither of us to attempt a sexual coup on one another again from the evidence of our reactions. Most definitely any outcome of an intended purpose would bound to be foiled from lack of focus."

I hummed softly, barely hearing him. "Sure." My hands were starting to travel up his thighs again, and a soft sigh escaped me from his heat and steel-like muscles flexing under my fingers. Not to mention his scent. Christ, his unique spiced scent was steadily intensifying the more turned on he became. "I think you should kiss me now."

He hummed quietly, more of a deep rumble, and his h*ps lifted the barest bit into my touch as my hands journeyed higher, almost to his crotch. "I don't take orders well, Queen Ruckler." His voice was becoming deeper, sounding just as breathless as mine had. "And besides, you're forgetting about our daughter's wakefulness again."

Fuck it. "She won't tell." Unable to stop myself, drowning in yearning, I tilted my head and closed my eyes, kissing him, caressing his supple lips with mine. A soft moan, utterly indulgent and womanly, escaped past my lips at the feel of his lips against mine.

"Fuck," he groaned deeply, then he had a hand on the back of my head, crushing my mouth against his as he kissed me back, his sinuous lips stroking hungrily against mine, easily overtaking my lead.

Oh, God...

He tasted and felt like every carnal sin I had ever fantasized about. Scorching and commanding and delectable. Hearing his groan as I nibbled on his bottom lip damn near had my knees buckling, and his scent had my libido pulsing in need. In no way did I care that I normally disliked this man; all I knew right now was that our mouths meshed together...perfectly.

As if our lips were meant to be connected, forged from birth to be united.

I scarcely noticed him curl my ponytail around his hand, fisting my hair as he tilted my head the other way, his Vampire taking voice in a deep growl as we ate at one another's mouths. He nipped at my bottom lip, sucking it into his mouth, and his tongue swiped against it, gliding sensually in a heated caress. I shuddered, pressing more firmly against his mouth, wanting more, and when I felt his fangs descend I carefully slipped my tongue inside his mouth to stroke one of them. His breath caught before he moaned quietly, holding my face close, understandably enjoying the sensual stroke since a Vampire's fangs were sensitive.

"Lil, I've been waiting-" Antonio's annoyed voice sounded loudly.

Completely startled, I shrieked, cutting him off and jumping away from King Zeller...and by jump, I mean I shoved off the ground with my Shifter strength, flying backward. I ended up hitting the top of the bar clear across the room with the back of my legs, and flat out toppled over it, landing on my side behind it and taking a few bottles down with me, their thick glass not breaking when they hit the rug. I lay there, breathing heavily, my senses on full alert as adrenaline pumped through my system. Isa had made a startled noise at my shriek, but I was positive King Zeller had calmed her since I had felt a pulse of Vampire power, and she had quieted, so now I listened to make sure no one else was in the room besides those I knew were here.

"Lil," Antonio sounded like he was trying not to laugh, "quit hiding behind the damn bar."

Maybe I was hiding behind the bar with a whole helping of embarrassment and smidge of fear.

Sighing heavily, I slowly stood, keeping my attention firmly off the other occupants in the room and focusing on picking up the bottles of alcohol from the ground and setting them on the bar. The task done way too quickly, I ran a hand over my flushed face, only just catching my breath. My gaze flittered to Antonio and back to the bar, really not glancing in King Zeller's direction, and I asked, "How long were you standing there for?"

The damn man actually chuckled. "Long enough to see that you two should be using your bedroom I spelled for complete privacy."

My face flushed further at his pronouncement. "It wasn't quite like that." I cleared my throat, picking up a washcloth to scrub the already clean bar. "I was trying to," another clearing of my throat, "well, it got a bit out of hand."

Antonio laughed outright. "You're barely even trying, Lil." Another deep laugh. "I know you can lie better than this."

King Zeller interrupted us, asking, "Exactly how private is her bedroom?"

My eyes were wide as I peered up at him in shocked surprise, unbelieving he had just asked that question so...brazenly.

He met my gaze steadily, even if his cheeks were still slightly flushed on his mocha complexion and his lips incriminatingly kiss swollen from our embrace. He shrugged a shoulder and readjusted Isa, who was gnawing away at her fist, which reminded me she was hungry. "Elder Farrar mentioned it." His used the burping rag to wipe off her hand, wrist, and chin. "So, I'm curious."

Antonio was the one to answer him, which was a good thing because I wasn't positive I could. "I spelled it to only allow those in she verbally names, plus all the normal sound spells."

King Zeller blinked, green disappearing and reappearing slowly. "That's unique."

I snorted. "And you've got dimmers on your bedroom lights I would like."

Another slow blink. "I don't believe that's an apt comparison."

I couldn't help but stare at him, not really paying too much attention to the conversation at hand as I was still shocked we had kissed like that with no goals in mind but pleasure. Or it was possible the shock was from how absolutely amazing it had been. Because...fuck...it had been extremely enjoyable...and perfect. Air rushed out of me shakily, and I quickly turned my attention to Antonio, somewhat realizing what the me before the mind rape had seen in him. At least sexually. Having kissed him and seen how perfect it was for us together, and how incredibly gorgeous he was...well yeah, I could see the younger, more inexperienced me falling head first over him.

I pointed at the coffee table with one hand while grabbing a baby bottle from under the bar's shelf, fixing Isa a bottle for bed. "Antonio, I need copies of those first two videos so I can send them to the other King and Queen, but alter that second one." My hand flittered back and forth between King Zeller and me. "They don't need to see us dancing and running off together."

Antonio didn't move from where he was standing, only a blank expression showing on his features. I blinked slowly, then groaned. Staring down at my task at hand, I muttered a curse, then glanced up at King Zeller. "He obviously can't do it." I shook my head. "I don't have the equipment to make copies of those, nor do I really know how."

King Zeller stared at Antonio, but he nodded once. "I can take care of it at headquarters when no one's around." His head tilted as he bounced Isa, attention still on Antonio. "Elder Farrar, would you mind amusing me for a moment while I test a theory?" When Antonio nodded, King Zeller asked, "Have you ever seen Queen Ruckler and me kissing?"

Antonio's mouth opened...but no response came except for a gurgle.

My jaw dropped. "Holy shit."

"Definitely," King Zeller murmured thoughtfully. "It appears the spell won't allow him to even speak of us now together." His eyebrows puckered. "Elder Farrar, what are Queen Ruckler and I doing at this very moment?"

Antonio sighed in relief and stated, "Lil is making a bottle while you're holding," he choked and gurgled, then sighed again, stating, "Isa."

My lips pinched in thought. "That is interesting."

King Zeller stayed silent while I fixed the bottle, but when I brought it over and watched carefully as he fed her to see that he knew what he was doing, he stated calmly, "That spell," his head cocked, his eyes roaming over Isa's sweet face as she sucked at her bottle, "is also a form of protection." His thumb lightly ran over Isa's cheek, soothing her in repetitive motions. "Not just for us, but for our daughter." His jaw worked back and forth, and I knew what he was thinking.

I shook my head. "There may be a way to break it without breaking their silence."

"Possibly," he murmured, his eyes going to Antonio. "But I'm still undecided as to whether I want my memories back." An eyebrow cocked at Antonio's narrowing eyes, but he glanced at me, his eyes slowly roaming my features. "Even more so than before."

Instantly, I nodded. "Understood and agreed, but I still want the option to choose."

Nostrils flared, he also nodded, and he spoke slowly, as if he were telling me some great concession. "And I'll try to be courteous with you for Isa's sake, but that's not entirely me, so if I'm not always polite...well, don't expect an apology."

My lips twitched. "I never would have expected one or guessed you to be cunning and heartless." He began to scowl, and I held up a stopping hand. "And I'll try not to be a cold-hearted bitch for Isa's sake," a pause, and I decided to leave myself wide open, "but that's not entirely me, so don't always expect an apology when I am."

Two black eyebrows rose with a gentle nod. "Never would have expected one or guessed at your true nature."

My lips curled the slightest bit, enjoying the bit of a truce we had reached as we eyed one another.

After a moment, Antonio cleared his throat, gaining my attention. "Was that all you wanted to speak to me about?"

I licked my lips, and I felt my expression soften further. "No, that wasn't all." I moved to where he was standing and went on tiptoe, crushing him in a hug. "Thank you for doing what you could to help me." I kissed his cheek, feeling the ice melt from my heart for him as he embraced me back, holding me fiercely. "I'm sorry for being so awful to you." My eyes stung, and I quickly wiped them on his shirt before any tears could fall. "I'm so sorry."

He ran a hand up and down my back, and I realized I was trembling in his hold, truly sorry for hurting him. His voice was gruff when he stated, "I know, Lil. I know." He kissed my temple. "I'll always love you and help when I can."

My voice shook, throat clogged as guilt and love rode me hard, hiccups interrupting my words. "I love...you, too...Dad."

All the air rushed out of me as he crushed me in his arms; I was truly unable to breathe he held me so tightly, his strong arms killing my ribs. I didn't complain, knowing he wasn't meaning to hurt me, and I could only imagine the relief he was feeling at this day finally arriving, no longer hurting and unable to tell me about Isa's father. I only held him back and unconsciously held my breath.

"Your hold's too tight on her," King Zeller said softly but firmly behind me. "She hasn't taken a breath in a minute."

Instantly I could breathe, Antonio's grip loosening, and I inhaled heavily, waving off Antonio's apology. "I would have said something eventually."

Antonio's chuckle was soft as he shook his head. "Or passed out." He had a point, but I wouldn't admit to it. He kissed my forehead, then he moved and kissed Isa's forehead, unafraid of baring his neck to King Zeller. Then he surprised me by squeezing King Zeller's shoulder gently before heading to the tent flap. He paused and glanced over his shoulder at me, eyebrows cocked, and without any of the kindness he showed moments before, he barked harshly, "I spelled your damn bedroom for a reason." His finger jabbed at me. "Use it."

My lips pinched with a smidge of humor as he turned and exited my tent in a huff, running hot and cold like normal. My attention went to Isa, hearing her burp loudly, King Zeller having finished feeding her the bottle. I started packing up the videos and other items from my spelled PO Box - although I did remove the photos and marriage certificate, not able to look at King Zeller now that Antonio was gone and we were alone again. "I'm going to keep the photos and marriage certificate in my bedroom since no one can get back there, and once you're done with the videos, I'll take it all back to where I had them before for safe keeping."

He murmured, "That works for me right now." King Zeller stood, Isa in his arms, and I watched him from the corner of my eye go to stand in front of the tent flap to my bedroom and toe the entrance with his boot. And, just as the spell had been created to work, his boot hit an invisible barrier before he could reach the flap. He grunted, reaching out to run his hand along the barrier, which extended the length of the wall including the outside, which he was probably realizing. "I want to see where my daughter sleeps," his gaze was on me, I could feel it, "or she comes to my tent tonight."

My teeth clenched, and I finally met his gaze. "Are you serious?" I threw my arms wide. "This is coming from the man who has drugs stashed in his room?"

His nostrils flared, and he spoke bluntly. "I could have it all removed in a matter of minutes, then you could inspect it." He knocked on the barrier. "Your room, on the other hand, I can't even see."

My arms crossed in irritation as I stared. "I'll do this because I understand fully where you are coming from, but know that I can take away your access just as quickly as I give it." I pointed a finger at him. "So, if I allow you in and you breach my trust at a later date, I will revoke your entry." I saw he didn't like this, not at all, but intelligently he didn't argue since my point was valid. I nodded, then I crossed my arms, compelled to also say, "And just because I'm allowing you back there, it doesn't mean we will be doing...anything," my hand fluttered, "sexual...in there." My cheeks were starting to flush, but I didn't glance away from his gaze, letting him know I meant it.

His lips pinched as he gazed at me, then they twitched.

I jabbed the finger at him again. "I'm serious." Again, I watched his lips twitch. "And dammit, I'm not funny."

He inhaled heavily, his breath coming out shakily as he tried damn hard not to laugh at me.

I scowled, lifting the pictures and marriage certificate from the table. "Well, I'm so thrilled you think what happened earlier was humorous." I lightly shoved him out of the way so I was standing in front of the tent flap, and murmured quietly, "Permit Ezra Zeller." The wall flashed solid gold for a moment, then went back to shimmering gold against the white fabric. I brushed the tent flap aside, stepping into my bedroom, and motioned grandly for him to cross the threshold. "Your annoying Highness may now enter."

"Thank you, your smartass Highness." He stepped into my room, his gaze instantly scanning, analyzing everything he saw. He didn't move any further until he had finished, then he made his way directly to Isa's crib, not commenting on the sterile surroundings. I blinked when he paused in placing Isa in her crib and reached inside. Without glancing in my direction he held his arm out...with a buzzing bee printed bra dangling from his index finger. I quickly strode over and snatched it from his hand, muttering curses quietly under my breath as I tossed it into the bathroom, letting the tent flap close to hide its untidiness...and possibly more undergarments he could make fun of.

I watched as he kissed her cheek before placing her in the crib, earning a few happy babbles from her, and I froze. Staring. Because right here, right now, in the present day and time as he bent over the crib covering his daughter with her blanket and softly speaking to her...I saw the man I had watched onscreen. There was not an ounce of hardness on his face as he gazed down at her, completely letting down his guard - well, if he hadn't strategically placed his body to protect himself from me - as he ran his fingers over her hair and spoke to her in such a soothing tone it threatened to make me sleepy.

I knew I was marveling, but I had not thought that man existed anymore, but of course, he did for Isa. His daughter. Just as I came alive with merely a thought of her. Anyone who couldn't unconditionally love their child, an innocent baby, was a true monster. Though it was still a shock to my system seeing that love in him, the man who had just a week ago called himself heartless...and yes, he was when he needed to be, but not with her.

So there went my idea for going behind his back and filing for a divorce. There was a decent possibility that if I filed, the loopholes in Law One would be revoked, and we would be spelled for separation again, which I wouldn't mind but...Isa. No, I couldn't do that to her. She deserved to know this man who had already loved her unreservedly.

I jerked realizing King Zeller was staring at me from where he was bent over her. I flared my nostrils, not really knowing how long he had been watching me as I zoned out, but I stated the truth softly, "I won't divorce you."

One eyebrow rose. "I know. Just as I won't divorce you for the same reasoning." His head dipped, and I saw his predator peek out, his eyes glowing dimly as he stared. In the softest voice, he stated, "Earlier I said that I wouldn't be nice if you ever attempted to permanently take her away from me, but the truth is, I will kill you."

Truth.

I shrugged. "I know that." And I let my eyes glow, let my wolf ride my voice. "And just the same, I'll kill you if you do anything to take her away from me."

Truth.

King Zeller's lush lips lifted, and I saw the briefest flash of fang. "What a pair we are."

I snorted, walking to my bed and flopping down on it, staring up at the ceiling. "We don't trust each other. We have no reason to. We met only a week ago because I was trespassing not only into King Shadow, but into your home. And then there's the tiny part where you," my hand flittered, "tortured me." I chuckled quietly, the action getting a smidge easier, if still sounding unused. "It wasn't exactly the prime setting for starting our dysfunctional family."

"Family," King Zeller murmured in a soft tone, testing the word on his tongue. "I never would have guessed this was what I was mind raped for." He stood for a few moments by Isa's crib, then moved so he was standing where my knees hung over the bed.

I lifted my eyebrows, staring up at him. "Remember what I said before you entered." My eyes went back to the ceiling, so I didn't see temptation staring me in the face. "I may have had a temporary moment of insanity by starting that kiss earlier," I paused, then stated begrudgingly, "which was f**king hot as hell," I sighed heavily, "but it doesn't mean we're going to travel down the same path we did before. We're both changed from this past year. That man and woman on those videos may be able to love their child, but when it comes to others..." I sighed, not bothering to finish.

He did it for me. "When it comes to others, love inevitably brings pain, which we both suffered immensely during this last year."

I pointed at him. "Exactly." Placing my hands under my head, I glanced at him where he stood like a huge helping of all things brutal and wild, fanning the flame of attraction and arousal low in my gut. I scowled, not appreciating where my thoughts continued taking me. "Maybe you could wear a sack over your head or something."

His nostrils flared, and he blinked before he crossed his arms, making his shirt fabric pull tight, muscles showing plainly thanks to the golden sparks that contrasted shadow and light on his body. A purely carnal grin etched his features. "I can help you with that itch." His gaze roamed my features, sliding down my body. "Because I have to tell you, now that I know why I was mind raped, and seeing some of my past I don't remember, I'll shortly be in the right place mentally to have sex." He saw how my lips thinned even if I tried to hide it, the man appearing not to miss much, and his attention lifted from my mouth to my eyes. He bent slowly until his hands were on either side of my shoulders as he stared down at me. "And as you stated before about loyalty, the same has always held true for me. I am extremely loyal to those I care about, and fidelity in a committed relationship is a quality I have always respected in others."

His head cocked as he watched me. "I hold no respect for those that cheat on their spouses, and I believe they should be held accountable for their actions...and not nicely." He bent slowly, speaking softly, being blunt and honest. "So, with that said, and the fact you and I cannot divorce, when I want sex - and believe me, I will - I will be coming to my wife for it, even if I don't particularly like or trust her."

I tried not to show I had been holding my breath, so I breathed out shallowly, and stated just as bluntly and honestly, "I'm not a damn blow-up doll, King Zeller," asshole, "as much as you may wish I was, so I seriously hope you have enough intelligence in that brain of yours to realize that sex unavoidably leads to stronger emotions, which will lead to us taking that same damn path to the same mistakes...and risk another spelled mind sweep and separation. All of those things are unbeneficial to Isa and ourselves."

His grin was predatory as he lowered his face to a few inches from mine, his heat now surrounding me even if he had no weight on me, his feet still on the floor and upper weight on his arms. "Ah," he chuckled, the sound cruel, "you're forgetting something," a slow drawl, "sweetheart."

My gaze narrowed further. "And what is that," I flashed my teeth, "baby?"

He rumbled quietly with forbidding humor, the sound oddly...comforting and nice. "It's what you've already stated. We're no longer those idiots from a year ago. Both of us have learned many manipulative skills and evasive tactics." He bent his head, brushing his bristly, warm cheek against my own soft cheek to place his lips against my ear, and I felt his shadow of a beard. "Even if feelings become involved - and you're correct, they might eventually - who better to hide an affair than the cruel, jaded, and merciless?"

My nostrils flared, and I scented he was already turned on. "Not that I don't agree with your thought process, but I still believe it unwise for us to be involved sexually." This was about self-preservation, an absolute must. "Why risk it?"

His chuckle was still soft, even with his lips still at my ear. "One question: do you want to spend our very long existence together thinking about your spouse, your husband, me, f**king other women?"

I know I froze under him. Something inside me - not my wolf and not my Vampire, just a primal part of my soul, possibly pride or greed - revoked at the thought that what was mine, and he was mine even if chosen by the young and inexperienced me, being touched by another woman, or him touching someone else. And the feeling was strong...so strong that my wolf woke and growled quietly. It was the sound of death stalking back and forth, waiting to pounce on anyone who so much as glanced at the ass**le King. Miraculously, I loathed him, but I wanted him all for my own because...he was my husband, and he would be forever. A Mystical's life was extremely long.

His Vampire responded in kind, his growl just as soft and deadly as mine, and it wasn't a threat. It was more of an understanding of predators, a basic harmonized necessity to guard what was our own. Pushing back his Vampire, he lifted so he could meet my gaze, and he specified, "You hadn't thought about this yet." It was a statement.

I answered anyway, pushing my wolf back. "No, although I did think it odd you wanted to know if I had slept with anyone during the past year." My lips pinched. "I get it now." My head swung to Isa and stayed there, my gaze on her quietly babbling tiny form. "But still, I don't know if it's worth the risk. She deserves to know you. Abstinence may be our only option."

King Zeller stared down at me, eyebrows raised. "You're serious?"

I shrugged, turning my head back to face him. "Yes." I paused. "Well, we would probably have to get together once every five years or so, since it could actually make me ill not to have intercourse." Shifters, I swear we got the rotten end of the deal compared to other Mysticals.

He blinked slowly. "That's...not really going to work for me." He was starting to appear a little wide-eyed. "Other than this past year, I normally have an...overabundance...of sexual energy."

It was my turn to stare as I put the puzzle pieces together, remembering his earlier comment about orgies. "I married a man-whore?"

His eyebrows snapped together, a bit of anger flashing in his green eyes. "I'm sure you weren't complaining when we were together before we were caught."

I blinked. "That's a hell of a lot of confidence there, bucko." I patted his shoulder. "And I doubt you were complaining, either." I rubbed at my temples, staring past his head to the sparkles on my ceiling, and asked seriously, "Will you be in physical pain if you abstain?" Not that I wouldn't mind him being that way, but he would probably be a bit of an annoyance the grouchier he became.

He hesitated, then he stated plainly, "Not like a Shifter can become, their need driving for physical contact, but a Vampire..." He paused. "I'm not sure why you don't know this." His head teetered back and forth, periodically cutting off my view of the sparkles. "You see, a Vampire is all about the capture and seduction. If I waited as long as what you're stating, I would," he paused, then he stated steadily, "well before that time, I would literally hunt down the object of my needs and seduce her with unrelenting mercy until I had her, and it could possibly end fatally for the female." He stared into my wide gaze. "You."

My jaw was hanging open. I knew it was. And I didn't really care.

"Don't give me that look." He stared pointedly. "You know damn well - what you didn't mention a minute ago - that if Shifter doesn't become ill from abstinence, it's because they've gone all primal during their sexual hiatus, and those matings normally end in death." A thoughtful pause. "Statistically, Vampires kill less in those periods than Shifters."

I choked. "If they go primal. There's always the flip of the coin of becoming ill." I closed my eyes, sighing heavily. "Well...fuck." There weren't any other options, unless we had sex with other partners...and yeah, I could already feel my mind going to that nice, velvet haze of red fury at that thought, which still astounded me.

"Yes," King Zeller drawled slowly, "that's the point. We f**k. Exclusively."

Another heavy sigh as I rubbed my eyes. "I'm not ready for that yet." I stared up at him tiredly, exhaustion creeping in. "Can I speak honestly with you?"

He stared at me intently. "I think that would be best."

So I did. "I've been dead inside for what feels like forever, but since I met you a week ago, I've been overloaded with emotions and it's freaking me out a bit." I shook my head, closing my eyes again, and they stayed closed. "If we had sex right now, I'm not sure I could handle it. I need some time to cope with everything I'm feeling."

He hummed softly, and I felt his heat intensify before his forehead touched mine gently, his breath spanning my lips and cheeks as he spoke quietly, "The feeling's mutual, so I won't push right now."

"Thank you," I whispered, and I found myself lifting to his warmth and had to stop myself, yawning long and hard. "God, you're so hot. You're like a furnace." I allowed myself to lift my hands to his wrists and grip them as I burrowed my fingers under his robe and sleeves, trapping them between his clothing and skin. "And you have better sheets than me." I felt King Zeller begin to vibrate over me, and I blinked my eyes open into green, seeing him silently chuckling. "Random, I know, but I'm dead tired," my wolf growled softly at him, "so deal with it."

He only shook harder over me, his laughter still silent. "So...you're grumpy at night-time."

My wolf growled again. "Only when I'm tired." My legs wrapped around his, practically of their own accord, greedy for his heat. "So warm..." I yawned again, mumbling, "You'd better go before I make you stay to be a," another yawn, "warm brick."

This time I heard his deep chuckle. "A what?"

"Oh, you know," I wiggled, getting more comfortable, "back in the old days, Coms would put warm bricks at the foot of their bed under the covers to warm up their bed."

He snorted a few times, his hard chest actually brushing mine with the movement. "Well now, I wouldn't want to be a brick."

I grinned sloppily, poorly singing Brick house by the Commodores.

King Zeller shook hard above me and choked, singing with me in a deep baritone.

Lazily, I grinned. "Not bad, King Zeller."

He was silent for a long moment. "That's the first time you have said King Zeller where I didn't get the impression there was something after it."

I chuckled this time. "I said you were a quick one that first night, and I was right."

"Do I want to know?"

"Probably not."

"Well," a long pause, "I guess that's a step in the right direction if you've stopped." A shorter pause. "But you can call me Ezra when we're alone."

My lips lifted evilly. "And you can still call me Queen Ruckler." His Vampire growled quietly, and I blinked open blurry eyes to him. "Now who's the grump?" When he only stayed silent, his forehead still on mine, I sighed and stated, "Fine, you can call me Lily in private if you leave and let me sleep right now. You see, tomorrow I have my first official day here in the land of King Shadow, and I hear the current boss, King Zeller, is a real ruthless Vampire dick to work with, so I need my shut-eye to deal with him."

"Funny, I heard the same thing about the badass wolf bitch, Queen Ruckler," King Zeller, Ezra, rumbled quietly.

My lips curled. "I am a badass bitch."

"And I am a ruthless dick, so we're both right." He pressed his lush lips against mine, and I sighed - there was no way to contain it - and joined his caresses, stroking his soft mouth with mine. Our mouths meshed in a gentle tug of war, not a real battle because I was too tired and he didn't push, but just enough to quickly satisfy before he lifted his head. "Good night, Lily."

"Good night, Ezra." I did manage to stop the whimper that wanted to escape as he lifted to untangle himself from my hands and legs, his warmth receding quickly as he moved to Isa's now sleeping form to stare down at her for a few moments. I yanked my blanket back and waited until he left my bedroom - without a backward glance - to pull my cell phone from my back pocket, happy for the privacy spell on my bedroom, and dialed.

Waiting until the person picked up, I stated, "Felix, I'm going to need you or Aros to watch King Zeller's tent. I want an update twice a day on the comings and goings of everyone who enters. Be discreet, I don't want anyone knowing about this. And tomorrow morning, do me a favor and give me a ring the second he sets foot outside his tent." I hung up at my elite's confirmation and set my alarm clock. "Hidden - unpermit Ezra Zeller." I saw a flash of gold, this time inside the tent's walls, and I smiled as I snuggled into my chilly bed, loving that Antonio hadn't said all my room was spelled for.

Just because the man was my husband, and we had a few decent moments, it didn't mean he earned my instant trust, because I was smart enough to know...he was just like me.

Chapter Eight

"He just left in a hurry," Aros stated over the line the next morning.

"Thank you," I murmured, and I hung up my cell phone, glancing at John. "Time for you to go. And I might suggest you leave King Shadow as soon as possible."

He stared at me for all of a heartbeat, then he nodded once, grabbed the pad of paper and pen he had been using, and stood up from the couch, stuffing them in his leather satchel. "I'll call when I have news."

"I know," I stated, pointing at the front flap to my tent. "Seriously, I'm about to have a visitor and you need to leave posthaste."

His eyes scanned my face. "Do you need me to stay?"

I couldn't help but grin, the smile stony because he would only escalate matters. "No. Thank you, though."

He nodded once then maneuvered around where Isa was playing with her toys. "I'll find her." He peered back at me. "And then we'll kill her."

"Yes, you will, and no, you won't."

His grin was feral. "Not at first, anyway."

"No, not at first." I nodded to the tent flap. "Go." A direct order.

And he stalled for a second just to spite me, then he did as told.

"Damn obstinate man," I muttered, hoping he got away in time.

John Smith had arrived directly before dawn this morning. Having set my alarm clock to wake me early, I had been ready for him. Like I had known he would, he took the job. After spending forty-four minutes and twenty-eight seconds in my front room with me - I had timed it, and had Ezra held out longer than I had initially bet on - John's mission was set. He was going to track down Elly Belford, a lion Shifter. She was the individual who had romantic ties to Philip Masterson, the leader of the cult responsible for starting MCWWII, and I believed if we found her, we would be that much closer to tracking down Mr Masterson and, pleasantly, be rid of him.

"Hidden - permit Ezra Zeller." I wasn't able to see the flash of gold, but I knew it would be there. And I was right on time because not ten seconds later Ezra shoved aside the tent flap just as he was snapping his phone shut, his cheeks flushed in anger and eyes not exactly what I would call cold and dead...more like livid and glimmering, he was so pissed. I waved a hand at him, taking my boots off my coffee table as he shoved the tent flap down, glaring daggers at me. "Good morning, Ezra." I stood, picking up the two coffee mugs sitting on the coffee table, and brushed past his statue-like form to set them on the bar. "How do you take your coffee?"

And...I was happy that I had decided to go with the non-attack plan, leaving my weapons off, otherwise he might have gotten a silver knife to his gut when he blurred so fast I couldn't track him. All of sudden I was lying on my back behind the bar with an extremely heavy, enraged Vampire on top of me, luckily out of Isa's view.

I wheezed in a breath, barely managing to fight my wolf back, as I stared into fangs and glowing green eyes. "Get off me and we'll talk about this civilly."

Ezra's Vampire growled, and as quickly as he moved before, he jerked my head up, baring my throat, his fangs steady at my pulse. I did freeze, not moving to even breath so he didn't accidently nip my throat and draw blood, which wouldn't be a great idea if I wanted to keep my hybrid nature hidden from him. Plus, I knew he wasn't going to kill me. This was about predator ownership...and just for the fact that he was pissed. His Vampire continued growling as he yanked my hands from where he had pinned them at my sides to above my head, his thumbs digging into the underside of my sensitive wrists and showing me he wasn't afraid to apply pain.

I gritted my teeth through it, the action testing my skills to not even flinch since I couldn't risk moving.

He held me in that position for at least a minute - which I realized was as long as he had already seen me hold my breath for - then he held me there for an additional twenty seconds before he removed his fangs from my skin. I choked in air, feeling light-headed and my hands cramping and going numb from the pressure he wasn't releasing. I wasn't able to get in a decent breath with him on top of me, and I shook my head hard to push away the fuzziness.

Ezra waited until I stared him steadily in the eyes, which took a good minute, and then he growled low, "Did. You. Fuck. Him?"

"Like I said," I whispered harshly, unable to do more with him on me, "Get off me and we'll talk about this properly."

His nostrils flared, his muscles in his jaw flexed, and he literally hissed in my face, baring his fangs. "Answer the f**king question."

Patience...channeling patience. "Ezra, get off me and I will." A little give and pull, which was...yep, gonna take a bit, with him so pissed.

We went through the whole neck-baring-and-fang thing again, but this time I damn near passed out when he held his fangs there for a full two minutes.

This time, I didn't bother answering him. I only choked and wheezed as I caught my breath, glaring, fighting fiercely to keep my wolf back because we didn't need a real fight in here. "Ezra, Isa's in this room, and I'm telling you right now I can't hold my wolf back much longer. I suggest you get off me, so we can talk about this rationally."

His Vampire became even more enraged when I didn't answer. His face...I wasn't positive I saw it correctly, but I could have sworn his face altered somewhat, his features becoming sharper and more harshly beautiful, but when I blinked he appeared normal as Ezra began battling his Vampire back. When he stopped growling, I knew we had made progress even if he was still furious. And it was only a few seconds later that he yanked me to my feet and, yes, loomed over me, muscles bulging against the simple pair of black mesh pants and red t-shirt he was wearing. Belatedly, I realized he wasn't wearing shoes, his feet bare. And honestly, his feet were just as nice looking as the rest of him.

"No," I stated simply. "I didn't f**k him or do anything sexual with him."

Ezra jerked away from me and began pacing the confines of my front room, occasionally rubbing the back of his neck. "He was here for close to forty-five minutes." His voice was still growly, but I could tell he was trying to be civil.

"I know. He and I were having a private meeting." I paused, then I got to why I had let this happen in the first place. "Ezra, I am the Queen Shifter. Most of the Mysticals around me are men. I will be having private discussions with multiple men of my faction, as is my right and duty." I waved a hand at the floor below me behind the bar. "And behavior like you just showed will get us caught."

I stared him in the eye when he stopped dead in his tracks. "I will not bow down to you. I will not ask permission to do my duty for my people. I will not give you a detailed list of the individuals I'm meeting with daily because, mainly, that fluctuates and changes minutely, and honestly, it's none of your damn business." I shook my head softly. "Furthermore, you cannot react like this every time I have a man in my tent."

He stood frozen for about a half-minute, and I could see the wheels turning inside his head, then his gaze raked down my frame slowly, not sexually, but analyzing me. Then he turned on his heel and jerked the flap to my bedroom back, ducking his head inside and glancing immediately to right...where I kept my weapons on top of a dresser. He stared for a few beats before he dropped the flap to turn to me, arms crossed. "You knew I'd react this way."

I nodded once. No point in lying. "Of course I did, especially after how possessive you were last night about John before you even knew for sure we were married."

His jaw clenched. "Was he a test?"

I shook my head. "No. I really had a meeting with him."

His wide, supple lips pursed, his eyebrows snapping together. "Swear to me you've never had a sexual relationship with him."

I blinked then sighed heavily. I knew he was watching me for any visible deception. "I swear I've never had a sexual relationship with him. If you would like, I'll make you a list of all my previous partners, if you'll do the same for me."

He blinked this time, and he held up his finger to lift his cell from his pocket, pressing numbers then placing it to his ear. He was quiet a moment, then someone must have answered because he stated, "Release him. He's free to move about camp." He snapped his phone shut and placed it in his pocket.

My jaw clenched fiercely, and I stated through gritted teeth, "Did you hurt him?"

He shrugged a shoulder. "His jaw and eye will heal quickly enough." He ignored the fact I was spitting mad that he had taken a Shifter in this camp without informing me and continued stating, "It could be an issue if you want a list of all my bed partners."

A rough, humorless chuckle escaped. "Christ, you're unbelievable."

His head tilted as he placed his hands in his pant pockets. "I'm going to take that as a compliment." His lips quirked when my scowl only intensified. "I would like that list, and I'll provide you with one of all the names of the women I can remember."

I threw my hands up and turned to pour a cup of coffee for myself, grabbing a new cup. "Fine, and I'll somehow endeavor to remember all of the names...you can actually remember."

"I take my coffee black," Ezra stated directly behind me, his hands suddenly on my h*ps - I hadn't even felt the brush of a breeze as he used his speed to move across the room so quickly - startling me so bad I almost dropped my cup. He bent, using his chin to brush back my hair, and placed a gentle kiss at my throat where his fangs had been earlier. He didn't apologize, not that I expected him to, but I was kind of learning that his actions spoke for him, which if I was honest with myself, was more commendable than most people with their false request for forgiveness. As I poured the cups, he squeezed my hips, kissing my neck once more - how many times had he held his fangs there? - and murmured quietly, "Just so you know, in the future, I'm a hell of an ass in the mornings, like you are in the evenings, so you may want to give me a heads up if you think I'll react badly to something in the early hours."

He stepped back, putting the proper space between us as I turned and placed the cups on the bar. I bent, peering into the mini-fridge, trying to find the cream I had put back in there only an hour ago. "I'm still upset at you for taking a Shifter without my consent."

He chuckled quietly. "I somehow doubt you would have consented to me harming him."

I finally spotted the cream and grabbed it, straightening to pour some into my cup. "So that's how this works between you and me in the future? You don't tell me if you don't think it'll work out to your benefit?"

He sipped his coffee, leaning toward me on the bar, and sadly, I did notice how his biceps and pecs bulged under his t-shirt. "This situation was completely different than normal business matters and you know it." When I only stared at him, he stated, "All right, I won't jump to conclusions in the future and hurt a Shifter without speaking to you first." A pause. "Unless I find him in your bed." A sip of his coffee as he shrugged one shoulder. "That man will be dead, no questions asked."

Unbidden, a chuckle escaped, and I shook my head. "Un-freaking-believable."

His lips lifted cockily on one side as I stirred sugar in my cup, and he took another sip of his drink. "I'm going for brutal honesty here. Take it or leave it."

I sighed, finally taking a sip of my own drink. "I'll take the honesty." I shrugged, realizing I really was parched thanks to our little bout a few minutes ago, and took another larger drink. "And really, I can't say I would do any differently if I found someone in your bed."

He toasted his coffee cup against mine. "We should celebrate. We each married a sadistic killer." His head tilted toward Isa as we drank our coffee. "I almost feel sorry for the poor bastard she ends up with."

My smile was just as feral as John's had been earlier. "Imagine the poor schmuck's face when he finds out not only who both her parents are, because she will eventually tell him, but who her grandparents are."

Ezra almost spit his coffee out and slammed a fist against his chest, even as he chuckled hard. "Fuck, maybe I should feel sorry for..." He stopped abruptly then shook his head. "Nope, not happening."

I nodded once, finishing my coffee. "Damn straight."

Isa was with Bindi, her normal babysitter, and I hadn't bothered buttoning my black, fur coat against the chill in the morning air, just enjoying being able to feel it. The whiteness of the mist hovering around me fit with my soul after last night's revelations - a bit of light in my dark with the knowledge of the truth.

Now, two hours later after my morning 'meeting' with Ezra, I walked through the black tent's flap of headquarters, and I headed to the left to make myself coffee, their headquarters - probably all headquarters - fashioned the same way. Actually tasting the liquid's warmth, I moved through the information and computer center to the conference room in the far back. Everyone was already there except for King Zeller, and after hanging up my coat, I sat down, placing my duffle on the table without a word. I took a file handed to me by Elder Merrick, who was watching me closely. I was used to the expression from many others, and I had constructed my cold wall beautifully the past year, keeping everyone out. I realized hiding behind it was second nature to me and I was doing it now. Not really bothered by this, and seeing no reason to alter the person I had become, I rested my boots on the table, reclined on the leather seat, placed the file on my lap, and opened it to begin reading about King Shadow's itinerary - our game plan here for the war.

Elder Merrick resituated himself next to me, turning so he was facing me. "I heard some interesting news this morning regarding a Shifter...Mr John Smith."

Ah. "Yes, I was aware of the situation." I had spent the previous fifteen minutes diffusing a slight uprising from a few Shifters who had seen King Zeller...well, 'brutally bashing John's head in' and 'unfairly slapping him in silver cuffs' by their accounts. And I had called John to make sure he was okay, which he was, if slightly confused and irate at being ambushed and held as he had been. I wasn't positive he had believed the bogus 'mistaken identity' excuse I had given him, but he hadn't pushed for any further explanation. "It's been handled."

Elder Merrick's eyebrows quirked. "You may want to talk with King Zeller about his lack of control and discretion."

"Like I said, it's been handled," I stated bluntly, not appreciating his input.

"What's been handled?" King Zeller's voice rumbled behind us as he moved past the tent flap of the conference room no longer dressed in workout clothes, but in - yeah, I stared - his dark silver robe, a silk, sapphire blue billowy shirt, and...oh, God...black leather pants. Year-long iced control kept me from ogling him, but I did peek over when he turned to take his robe off, hanging it next to the other coats.

My mind...just...went blank.

Well, not exactly blank. More like a zillion naughty ideas flew through my mind in rapid fire, like a reel going so fast I just kind of zoned out as my peek turned into a flat out stare of his ass. I had never checked it out before, but the me of the present most definitely agreed with the me of the past.

His ass in leather was absolutely God's finest work.

Fucking hell, that was just...yummy.

"Um..." I tried to speak, unsuccessful in remembering what he had asked as he hooked his robe on the old-fashioned claw. "What did you ask?"

His ass flexed under that soft leather, and I blinked, hardly noticing the file in my lap fall to the ground as my fingers went numb. I sucked in a harsh breath as heat swamped me, and squeezed my eyes shut. Gave my head a decent shake. This was really not the time.

Yeah...didn't stop me from opening my eyes again to the ass I wanted to sink my teeth in to.

King Zeller's voice skimmed across my nerve endings like heated silk. "Queen Ruckler?"

"Present." And his ass was like a present, all gift-wrapped in buttery leather.

He chuckled quietly, all rumbly and cocky as hell, but I didn't care about his tone when his action caused his ass to visibly flex again.

A hard thump on my forehead had me snapping my attention to Elder Merrick. "What the hell?" I rubbed my forehead, since he hadn't hit me softly.

He thumped me again, eliciting a growl from me. "Control and discretion goes for you, too, Queen Ruckler."

My lips pursed when I exercised my normally well-honed self-control to not gaze at the first-rate ass of God's across the room, since I could see from the corner of my eye he hadn't moved, his perfectly spiked red and black head of hair turned, green eyes peering over his shoulder at us. "Fuck off, Merrick." And I firmly ignored how my cheeks flushed in mortification, having been caught acting like a...girl...drooling over a hot man.

And really, it was my first time seeing his ass, so ogling couldn't be helped.

When Elder Merrick only continued staring at me, all alpha, I mumbled, "Won't happen again."

His lips pursed before he sighed. "I'd like to believe that, but-" He gurgled. Stopped. Waved a hand and muttered, "Never mind. Just watch yourself." His attention turned to Ezra. "And you," his eyes narrowed, voice turning growly, "don't ever pull that shit with a Shifter again or you'll have me to deal with."

Still from the corner of my eye, I saw Ezra pivot and pull a file off a shelf. He sat at the conference table opposite me, stating, "If this is what you two were discussing before I arrived, Queen Ruckler's correct. It's been handled." A pause, his voice flat. "And don't threaten me."

Ignoring their little battle of alpha dominance, I lowered my legs to pick up the file on the ground. And almost dropped it when my hand started shaking again. Quickly, I altered the file to my other hand, fisting the involuntarily trembling one before shaking it out, my muscles tight. And paused before sitting back up, seeing Elder Jacobs, who was sitting on the chair on the other side of me, watching the action. Slowly, his eyes rose to meet mine, and one yellow eyebrow cocked.

Lips pursed, I sat up, kicked my boots back onto the table, and ignored him. "King Zeller, I wanted to talk with you about how heavy your ranks are with Vampires."

Ezra grunted.

Nice.

"I'm going to want to change that." No point in beating around the bush.

His green eyes lifted from his file, meeting mine. "We haven't lost a battle or mission yet."

True. "But your casualties could have been less with a more unified structure of multiple factions leading the forces."

He further relaxed onto his chair. "Are you telling me your previous camp didn't have more Shifter Commanders than any other faction?"

I could tell by the challenge in his eyes he knew the answer already. "My camp had about forty percent Shifter Commanders, which is only fifteen percent off where it should be ideally for a unified four way split between factions, whereas yours has close to sixty percent Vamp Commanders." I shook my head, eyebrows rising. "You're limiting yourself, and this camp, by not using the talents of the other factions."

Green eyes held mine unblinkingly for a long minute. "I'll think about it."

I snorted, peering back down to my file. "All right...and while you're thinking about it...I'll take care of the details for camp to be made for the five new alpha Shifter Commanders I sent for, all of which will be arriving here around lunchtime."

A silent minute ensued until I heard Ezra's Vampire growl quietly, and he asked harshly, "Are you f**king kidding me?"

Well, that answer was easy. "No." I placed the file I was reading on the table and unzipped my duffle, pulling out the five black files I had inside. "I don't need your permission to bring Shifters in to the current ranks since we're to be running this camp together." I tossed the files over to him and they landed on the table, spreading wide directly in front of him. "But, I thought it prudent to at least inform you of them and give you their data."

I lifted my eyes to the furious green ones staring at me, speaking steadily, "And I also have concerns about the Elementals and Mages you currently have placed as Commanders. There are two of each I wouldn't mind transferring and bringing in stronger ones. I've found replacements for them in Virginia Beach and Dallas, and the two Elders that run those camps have already agreed to swap them." I dug out the two gold folders, one green folder, and one blue folder, also tossing those across the table, which were also ignored by the Vampire across from me who was quickly becoming enraged. I pointed at them. "Of course, the Mages and Elementals transfers would also need your approval."

Ezra's jaw clenched and his nostrils flared wide.

He stared, fairly vibrating.

Stared a bit more in the growing, tense silence.

I cleared my throat and decided to throw the big bomb at him, which I hadn't originally thought would be an issue, but now...

Another clearing of my throat. Scratched at my bicep. Tucked a strand of hair behind my ear. "I want you to know I picked each of these individuals based purely on power level, experience, and availability a few days ago while my group was staying at the hotel...before I knew of our...relationship." I cracked my knuckles then flicked a finger at the farthest file. "That one I've had a sexual relationship with." My lips pursed as I flicked my finger at the next black file. "And that one I offered to have a sexual relationship with, but he turned me down for another partner."

And Lord have mercy, the air felt damn heavy in the room as I zipped my duffle closed and carefully picked up the file I had been previously reading, setting it in my lap. "Let me know if you have any questions and what your decision is on the Elementals and Mages."

Deliberately slowly, Ezra leaned forward, flicking the folders forward with a single finger so he could rest his elbows on the table, and steepled his hands in front of his mouth. And he continued his silence as he stared at me, while I pretended to ignore him and re-read my file.

I heard him inhale heavily before murmuring softly, "In the future, Queen Ruckler, I would appreciate more advance notice than a few hours when new Shifters, Commanders or not, are being brought in to King Shadow." A pause, and he stated steadily, evenly, but with a touch of bite to his tone, "And you can take your folders of possible new Elemental and Mage Commanders...and shove them up your devious, perfect ass."

Well...that hadn't been so bad.

A single finger landed on the second folder I had pointed to, my almost sexual partner. "And even though I don't have the right to stop you from hiring Shifters into the commanding ranks," he toyed with the folder, brushing it along with the first folder, the one I had been sexually active with, aside into their own little pile, "I sure as f**k can fire them if I find them doing anything they shouldn't, minor or not...and it goes without saying that if they are caught in the act of anything I deem illegal, I will eliminate them."

Never mind.

I blinked slowly up at him. "You stated you wouldn't assume anymore and speak with me before harming a Shifter again."

Cold eyes stared back at me. "If I only have assumptions, I will." A pause as he leaned back onto his chair. "The rest is fair game."

Lovely.

My jaw clenched, but I flipped the sheet on file on my lap, peering back down to it. "If you kill any Shifter without a Lawful excuse you won't have only Elder Merrick to deal with."

Ezra hummed softly. "I do so enjoy a challenge."

Me, too...me, too.

Chapter Nine

The scent of black bear attacked me right before I froze, muscled arms enveloping me from behind and warm lips landing on the side of my throat, followed by a deep rumble. "Hello, Lily."

Yep...Finn, my previous lover, was here, live and in person.

I sucked in a harsh breath and quickly broke his hold, spinning to face him. "Hello, Finn," I countered, stepping back when he took a step forward, a sexy grin gracing his rugged, handsome features. I held out a stopping hand, but I had to quickly jerk it back when he went to grab it. "Finn, I didn't ask you to King Shadow to resume our intimate relationship."

His grin only increased. "I know why you brought me here." He took another step toward me, and I started to step back again, but I stopped myself, holding my ground against him. "But, Commander position aside, I sure as hell wouldn't mind that sweet little mouth of yours around my-"

I slapped a hand over his own mouth before he got himself killed. We were inside the red tent in the buffet line, and not too far away in the crowd were Antonio and his crew, plus Ezra, sitting at the table we had sat at before, having arrived before me. And I was fairly positive Ezra could hear this conversation. "Finn, I don't need a walk down memory lane. And I'm sorry if you were wanting something more, but I'm not interested in anything other than having a powerful and skilled group of Shifter Commanders here." I lowered my hand, seeing his expression had carefully blanked. "And you'll need to address me as Queen Ruckler in the future...not Lily."

His bear growled softly as he glanced to the side, clearly irritated to be turned down. I felt my lips pinch, and I was seriously hoping he wasn't planning to refuse my offer here at King Shadow because of this. A few moments hung in silence as other Mysticals passed us in line, seeing we weren't moving even as they politely ignored our private discussion. Finn ran his hand through his black hair, brown eyes coming back to mine. "I have to admit this is a bit of a surprise."

My cold persona melted some at his honesty, and I brushed my hand across his cheek. "We had fun together, but things have changed. I'm not that woman you knew at King Cave." I smiled at him softly. "Besides, we were a bit on-again, off-again when we were together. You can find someone to treat you better than that here."

He brushed my hair back from my face, reading me. "You're taken, aren't you?" He was always a quick study.

My lips pursed, and I stuffed my hands in my pockets. "Yes." And that was the answer.

Finn's lips lifted and he bent, laying a gentle kiss on my forehead, murmuring, "If it ends, since that doesn't appear to be happiness on your face, my door's still open." He pulled back, putting space between us. "Felix sent me in here to tell you the other Shifters have also arrived. He's showing everyone to their tents."

I nodded once, letting the iciness enter my veins again with the work discussion. "I'll meet everyone on the training field in an hour. Tell them to bring their Cizanos and guns and be prepared to shift."

Finn started walking backward as a grin etched his features. "A little friendly competition?"

I shrugged a shoulder. "I gotta see what you five are made of."

His lips twitched. "Queen Ruckler...don't leave yourself open like that if you're taken."

I opened my mouth...then snapped it shut, giving a nod. "Right."

He winked at me then turned on his heel, heading toward the exit. I stared at his retreating back, remembering some of the few memories I had of us at King Cave: that he was not only excellent in the sack, he was also a laid-back, good man...so unlike the King Vampire I had married, which I couldn't remember doing. Running a hand through my hair, I sighed and turned to resume waiting in line, even further confused after seeing Finn with his easygoing personality, knowing I had chosen Ezra over him and locked myself into a situation I saw no end to.

After filling my plate, I debated heading back to my tent to eat and spend time with Isa, but after this morning's event with John and Ezra, and add in the fact I was bringing in new alpha Shifters...well, I didn't want the factions here to think Ezra and I were fighting. That could cause even more headaches later on, so I strode to their table, taking a seat next to Antonio.

Grinning happily, Antonio leaned over and kissed my temple. "Thank you for eating with us."

Realizing this was one of the first meals I had deliberately eaten with him in a very long time, I squeezed his hand gently, murmuring, "You're welcome." I didn't mention that the choice had been business related, not wanting to hurt his feelings after the hell I had put him through.

Elder Merrick's lips twitched as he bit into his hamburger. "I haven't seen Finn in some time. I take it he's one of the Commanders you've brought in to King Shadow?"

I nodded once, placing my napkin in my lap. "Yes." My stomach was beginning to churn, and oddly I was starting to feel unwell, which had to be from the multitude of confusing and stressful events that had pounced on my life within the past week.

"He looked good," Elder Merrick stated happily, even though his eyes held an evil glint. "Healthy. Strong. Capable." He nodded once, setting his burger down. "You chose well."

"Yes." It came out the barest breath, and I cleared my throat, swallowing hard against the sudden nausea. "If you don't mind, I'd like to talk about something else." Not to mention I hadn't even chanced a glance at Ezra, who was sitting silently to my left and absolutely reeking of possessiveness, the smell so heady it was all I could scent. Honestly, I didn't want to push his buttons right now, feeling as I did.

Elder Merrick nodded, leaning forward halfway across the table, his expression suddenly fierce and pissed. "All right." Navy blue eyes glowed, and I felt a pulse of his power surround me, whispering against me like a warm blanket...and suddenly, I could breathe easier and my stomach stopped twisting in knots. I sighed, feeling peace within my Core I hadn't felt in ages. "How about we talk about the fact," another pulse of power hit me, soothing and heated, "you're going through shift withdrawal and you're f**king hiding it."

Everyone at our table froze, including me.

Elder Jacobs snapped his fingers. "That's why her hand was shaking."

My gaze snapped to him, and I hissed, "Mind your own damn business."

Elder Merrick's hand snaked across the table, and he jerked my chin around to face him. "I saw it, too." I jerked my chin away, but he continued. "Not to mention, your damn wolf is calling out to mine, you're suffocating her so badly." His head cocked, a completely animalistic motion, eyes still glowing. "How long has been?"

My lips pursed, and I kept my mouth shut, not wanting to discuss this here.

"Lil," Antonio growled softly next to me, tilting so he was in my line of sight, "you've shifted in the past three months, haven't you?"

Everyone at the table knew I hadn't shifted while I was pregnant because a Shifter's magic kept them from doing so to protect the baby, so the last three months would have been the only time I could have. My eyes met and held Antonio's. And it must have shown that I had not, in fact, shifted for the last three months, because he started cursing up a storm.

Elder Merrick's wolf growled quietly, earning my attention, especially when his comforting power pulled back and I was suddenly sick to my stomach again. So much so, I put a hand to my mouth instantly to keep from puking, and damn, if it didn't involuntarily start shaking. I fisted it against my clamped mouth, swallowing hard and feeling the blood drain from my face, and I quickly twisted so my back was to them, staring at the ground. I let my hair cover my face until I could get better control of myself, not wanting them to see me weak like this. Antonio cursed again, but quietly this time, threading his hand under my hair to massage the back of my neck, hissing to Elder Merrick, "Dammit, give it back to her."

"No," Elder Merrick stated gruffly behind me. "She needed to see what she's doing to herself, but I won't fix this for her." A pause. "I mean, f**k, Lily, why the hell would you not shift?"

I knew the second Antonio figured it out by the way he stiffened next to me. He cleared his throat, same as I was doing, but for a different reason - me to keep the bile down, he probably did it from a hit to his pride for me. "Ah, Lil." He sighed heavily then kissed my head, and I felt a swarm of Mage calming power surround me. It didn't feel as good as the Shifter power, feeling more of mystical dreams, but I was able to breathe better and I didn't feel quite so nauseated. I rolled my neck around on my shoulders and peered up at him. Golden eyes stared at me with worry and understanding and love, no condemnation like I was afraid might be there.

"I'm sorry," I whispered, shaking my head, feeling guilt and...the fear I normally tried to hide.

"Enough of this shit," Ezra whispered harshly, "She's ill when she shouldn't be...and now she's scared." I froze, realizing he was scenting my emotions. "What the f**k is going on? Did someone do this to her? Put a spell on her or scare her into not shifting?"

I turned to face him, squaring my shoulders as I pushed back my underlying emotions. I was a bit startled to see he appeared as furious as he had earlier. "No one did this to me but myself." My brows furrowed as I whispered very softly so no others nearby would hear me. "My wolf...is small." Clearly no one at the table other than Antonio understood, and I realized I had never shifted in front Elder Merrick, so even he didn't understand. I inhaled heavily, leaning toward Antonio, where the soothing power was coming from, while I continued speaking barely above a whisper, "As in, my wolf is the size of a...fox."

I was pretty sure no one at the table moved or breathed except for Antonio, who put an arm around my shoulder, giving me a squeeze. "I don't want word to get out about my size in shifted form." I left it at that, and they could take it from there. When I had been challenged back at King Cave, I had been extremely lucky the two who had initiated it hadn't picked for the challenge to be done in shifted form. My wolf was mean and cunning and wily, but she was still extremely small. If I was ever challenged in shifted form, the odds would honestly be against me. Big time. So I had been keeping my small size under wraps once reality had crashed down on me with an actual challenge, and I let others think I would be easier to take on in my tiny, regular form, rather than the possibility of a 'brute' of a wolf.

Ezra blinked and his eyes scanned the tables around us. "I think that's enough of this particular conversation."

Elder Merrick's eyes were huge on his face, but he nodded once. "Definitely." He cleared his throat and ran a hand over his face, before he pointed at me absently while staring down at his half-eaten burger, whispering quietly, "You still need to shift sometime soon and go for a long run before you become any more ill." Again he ran a hand over his face. "Fuck, and all that time I should have been training you..." He shook his head, not finishing.

I lifted my drink from the table, taking a sip with a steady hand thanks to Antonio. "Elder Kincaid did train me. And I'm not bad, but..." Well, there was still the size difference.

He snorted, blinked, then started grinning evilly. "Queen Ruckler, I do believe you just signed yourself up for more training with me."

I glared. "There's no place to do it safely."

Elder Zeller held up a hand. "Actually, there is. King Shadow has an underground training area. It's completely private."

Now I glared at him, but I was mute this time. He had just guaranteed I would be getting my ass kicked regularly again by Elder Merrick. Not exactly how I enjoyed my mornings.

Antonio patted my shoulder. "Maybe it won't be so bad."

I snorted and finally started eating my food. "You weren't the one lying on your back all the time staring at his damn smelly tennis shoes."

"Hey," Elder Merrick muttered, "they don't smell." A pause. "And I enjoyed you on your back."

I paused, ignoring the sexual overtone, my gaze flicking to him. "Please don't tell me you still own them."

His grin was pure evil. "Actually, I do." He shrugged. "But you won't be dealing with my shoes." His eyebrows waggled. "This time, when it's not my huge furry paws, it'll be my huge naked...feet."

My stare was bored. "And I'll try to contain my excitement."

Ezra shoved his plate back, muttering curses as he stood from the table. He rubbed the back of his neck. Glanced from side to side. "I didn't ask for any of this shit. Not now. Maybe then...but f**k...what the f**k was I thinking?" Yeah, he was talking to himself as he kind of lost it, and it wasn't hard to figure out what - whom - he was talking about if you were in the know. He scrubbed his face harshly. "Maybe there's someone I can interrogate."

We watched, I with wide eyes, as he turned abruptly and started shouldering his way through the lunch crowd, heading for the exit.

Elder Jacobs whistled quietly. "Well...hell." He glanced at me and away. "I'm sure he didn't mean it quite as it sounded."

Yeah, he did...because that was how I felt.

I jumped when Elder Zeller whacked Elder Merrick up the backside of his head hard enough that his face came mere inches from hitting his plate. "Don't do that shit to my son anymore."

Elder Merrick's wolf growled as I watched Ezra's spiky head of hair disappear in the distance, but he stated, "I'm sorry. You're right. It's obviously too much."

I blinked, not really understanding, and stated the obvious, "I'm going to go to my tent and eat, and lie down before I have to meet with the other Shifters." I stood, kissing the top of Antonio's head. "I'm sorry, but it's nothing personal."

He smiled gently. "I know." His gaze held mine. "Find time to shift."

Finding time to shift hadn't been easy, but I hadn't enjoyed an ounce of time I spent outside of Antonio's soothing power once I had felt what it could be like again, so I had done it. I had left the confines of the Mage dome and found a secluded spot to strip bare and shift. And run. God, it had been great, too. So great that, feeling almost high from the endorphins of my run, I snuck through King Shadow still in wolf form, biting the handle of the small bag I was carrying to stash my clothes in and heading toward...my husband's tent.

The running had cleared my mind. And I knew what I had to do. The answer seemed obvious now. How I hadn't seen it before, I don't know.

Trust.

I had said it before. We had no trust for one another. And for us to have a workable relationship in, and out, of our Ruler roles, we needed to trust one another. And since our first encounter hadn't started out on the right foot, I was going to take the first leap of faith. I had stated my size in wolf form at lunch, but hearing and seeing were two completely different things. So I was going to show him myself in wolf form and put blind trust in him, hoping his love for our daughter would be enough to push us past this hurdle we had unknowingly set ourselves.

Yeah, the run had helped.

Slipping past the tent flap, I tugged on my bag as it caught on the fabric, then dashed to the second flap, the entrance to his bedroom, slipping past it and keeping a tight grip on my bag's handle as it caught again. Marijuana smoke filled my senses as I shook my head, attempting to dislodge my bag by bearing down with my hind legs and pulling, while loud spellbinding music drifted in my ears. Huffing, I shook my head hard and fell on my tail as my bag came free...and my bag flew back, thumping into my chest and almost knocking me over. I seriously hoped Ezra hadn't seen any of that. Hastily, I peered to the side, searching for him, unable to hear a damn thing over the music, or scent anything over the drug's cloying aroma.

And froze.

I wasn't exactly sure where to look first because...he wasn't alone.

There was a Vampire woman lying on his bed. From my lowered position all I could see was her lily white thigh wrapped around Ezra's waist where he was lying over her, the champagne silk of her negligee riding up almost to her hip. Her hand was running down his side, starting to burrow between their bodies and obviously heading for his crotch, while her curly red and black hair was thrown back on his pillow. Her mouth opened on a sigh with his face at her neck, even as he grabbed her hands and held them next to her head in obvious dominance.

An odd sound came from deep inside my chest, and belatedly I realized it was sorrow taking voice, my chest oddly constricting in an agonizing hurt, which I couldn't believe I was feeling for a man I didn't truly know, my husband.

And two things happened at once.

Apparently, Ezra must have heard me, his eyes flashing open in my direction and instantly glowing green. Right when my wolf overrode any humanity I had, comprehending possessiveness on a completely different level.

Mine.

Kill.

My bag was instantly dropped, and I lunged at the bed, teeth bared, aiming directly where my husband's mouth laid on the woman's throat, needing to make her bleed for trying to steal what was mine, make her dead.

Mine.

Kill.

Flying through the air, almost at my destination, I yelped, my attention swinging from my target's throat as my husband blurred, growling, and caught me by the throat, his fangs bared. A cry echoed through the air, my soulful howl of distress and discomfort, as he hurled me violently onto the ground next to the bed, my head falling back and smashing viciously onto the rug, which wasn't so soft with the velocity of his pitch...and I couldn't see anything but darkness as I slipped into unconsciousness.

Chapter Ten

"Goddammit, I told you I didn't know it was her!" Ezra shouted.

"How the f**k could you not know?" Antonio yelled harshly.

"I've never actually seen her this way!" Ezra expounded, sounding furious. "Hell, I didn't even know it was her until I searched the bag she dropped and found her wedding ring. She said she was as small as a fox, but f**k," it sounded like he was breathing heavily, "I thought she was exaggerating." He cursed profusely. "All I knew was a f**king tiny red animal was coming directly at Lacy and me while I was feeding!"

I scented past the dissipating marijuana smoke...truth. He had been feeding, not kissing her.

While lying on a Lacy...on his bed...when she was dressed for sex.

Hmm...nope, knowing he had been feeding didn't really help how pissed I was.

I twitched in extreme agitation, and I felt warm hands land on my head.

Elder Merrick's voice interrupted whatever Antonio was starting to shout. "She's coming around, so everyone shut the f**k up."

The twitch didn't help the pain in my head, which was killing me, and a tiny whine escaped before I could stop it. I felt another hand on me, which I could tell was Bindi's from the scent, and I felt a Mage's healing magic pulse around my head.

Elder Merrick hushed quietly, "Lily, you and I are definitely going to need to train together. My tail could easily snap you in two."

I huffed softly, which was half a sigh as the throbbing pain lifted from my skull at Bindi's work.

"She's going to be all right?" Ezra asked in a deep rumble. "I didn't hurt her too badly?"

Bindi muttered, "Not for lack of trying. Her skull's fractured in two places."

Elder Merrick's wolf growled softly. "King Zeller, you're f**king lucky you called when you did and all your words have been truthful, or you would have been dead already for hurting her." A deep loud growl. "Again."

"You can go f**k yourself," Ezra rumbled. "I wouldn't have hurt her either time if I had known it was her, and I've about had it with your pitiful threats."

I blinked my eyes open when the Mage's tingling magic disappeared, my head no longer pounding. I was staring up into irate golden eyes and furious navy eyes, Bindi and Elder Merrick on their knees next to Ezra's black couch where I lay on my back. I wiggled, turning my head to give Bindi's hand a good lick in thank you, making her scowl even further, even as she scratched behind my ear with her other hand. "I know. You're welcome."

I turned my attention to Elder Merrick and made a chomping motion at him.

His eyebrows rose. "Yes, you will be training with me," his eyes flittered down my tiny furry body, "and Lord help us if I even step wrong." He blinked, then he glanced up at Bindi. "You should probably be there during her training sessions just in case."

I growled, nipped his hand, and quickly darted from his reach, sitting at the end of the couch, grinning at him, showing him my sharp pearly whites.

He chuckled quietly. "All right, so you're quick." He blinked, shaking his head as he evaluated me. "But you're so-"

I growled, cutting him off, done with this conversation for now...and let my gaze travel the room. Antonio was behind the coffee table, standing with his hands on his hips, still wearing an expression of worry, so I huffed, letting him know I was all right. My gaze stalled on the bed, which was still messy from where Ezra and Lacy had been, and I felt my anger ratchet right back up. Lastly, I peered to the side where Ezra watched me with his arms crossed and a hand over his mouth, evaluating me from the tip of my ears to my tail, which was starting to swish back and forth in fury.

I growled.

"And that's our cue," Elder Merrick muttered softly, jumping to his feet. He patted my head as he walked by, stating, "And Lily, it wouldn't be very Queen-like to pee on his bed, even if it suits all your purposes."

I stopped my growling long enough to huff at him, because, sadly, that had been a thought as I pondered the best way to mark his room and exact my revenge at the same time.

Elder Merrick left, chuckling quietly with Bindi on his heels, who glanced one last time at King Zeller, giving him a proper scowl.

Antonio walked to me and bent over, ruffling my fur around my face as he kissed the tip of my nose - yes, I quit growling then - and stated, "If you're going to attack in the future, make sure you do it right and don't get caught." I nodded as he lifted and peered back to the still silent Vampire, my husband. Antonio patted my head once more. Kissed my head again as I stared across the room, and he stated, "Cahal's got Isa right now, so don't worry...and I'll keep her for the night in my tent so you have the entire evening to yourself." I blinked, my head snapping to him, but he quickly scurried out of the bedroom before I could object to Isa's first overnight sleepover with her grandpa.

"I didn't know it was you. If I had, I wouldn't have reacted as I did," Ezra stated calmly - not really apologizing - as I swung my head to stare at his statue-like form. His chest expanded, but that was all that moved as he spoke behind his hand. "I can imagine what that must have looked like."

I fairly vibrated where I sat, staring at him as I was, the image replaying of him on top of her, entwined in her arms and legs, so I jumped down, only to jump onto his bed and begin to sniff at it, my tail twitching like mad in my agitation as I picked up the various scents.

He continued, "It's late, so she was wearing her pajamas," the woman wore that to bed?, "and I was starving so I had her lie back." I wish he would just lie so I could pee on his bed. "She's a regular donor of mine, and she sometimes tries to get frisky, but I've never had any type of sexual interest in her or done anything intimate with her."

I sighed into the sheets, relieved he hadn't lied about any of it but still pissed I couldn't hunt the woman down now and take her out in the pitch black of night. But it didn't mean I couldn't scent up his sheets, which luckily for him, held no scent of sexual fluids whatsoever. So I started rolling on his bed, working on the area where I smelled Lacy the most, wiggling and rolling, pressing my furry cheeks into his pillow and shaking my head. And this is how it went for the next fifteen minutes as I thoroughly went from one end of his bed to the other, systematically working my way across, not leaving one area untouched, while Ezra sat on the arm of his couch and eventually lit a cigarette as he watched me with a slowly growing expression of amusement.

After I was through and sat on my haunches at the end of his bed, staring at him, he pointed with his cigarette, lips twitching, "You missed a spot."

I growled quietly.

He took a drag of his cigarette, blowing the smoke up as he stared at me thoughtfully. "You know, you got lucky. I was almost done feeding and she had passed out, otherwise she would have seen you." His eyes flicked down my furry frame. "In fact, a lot of people could have seen-"

I shook my head and huffed, crouching low and military crawling softly across his bed.

He snorted on a chuckle. "All right, so you were stealthy as you moved." His small grin, which I was pretty sure was real, faded as he continued evaluating me. "But why would you come here tonight like this?"

I cocked my head, then I glanced down at the bed before hopping up to the top and burrowing under the covers. And shifted. Poking my head out from underneath the blankets, I saw Ezra freeze as I brushed my hair out of my face, careful to keep the soft blanket covering all my private bits. "Because of trust." I flicked a hand between the two of us as Ezra started to slowly resume taking a drag of his cigarette, his eyes not really holding mine but flittering down to any exposed skin showing, which wasn't much, only my shoulders and arms. "You and I didn't start off on the right foot-"

"And this was supposed to be a new beginning?"

Involuntarily, my hand went to the other side of the bed where the woman had been lying. My palm hovered over the spot, and I wondered if I could still feel the heat there from her body. "Yes, it was. I was taking the first step to a decent, trusting relationship between the two of us..." I sighed, pulling my hand back. "It didn't quite work out as I had expected."

A quiet rumble. "And for that, I will apologize." I peered up at him, watching him as he watched me. "I'm sorry we haven't gotten that chance yet."

I felt my face soften, my heart beating a little faster even as my muscles relaxed at his humble words, his honest apology that we hadn't gotten our chance to make things right. "Thank you." I tucked a stray strand of hair behind my ear, deciding to go for broke. "What you said at lunch before you left...I get it." I picked at the blanket, staring at the fabric. "This is an...odd...situation we're in, our predators feeling as they do, as we do, knowing what we were to each other in what feels like a previous life. And yet, it's not a previous life since the person's standing right in front of you, someone who might as well be a complete stranger."

Ezra grunted softly, grinding out his cigarette, his eyes still steadfast on me. "That's putting it mildly." He moved fluidly, slowly, across the expanse of the room, his movements again reminding me of a cat. He sat next to me on the edge of the bed, eyes scanning my face and other, lower parts of me, watching as I tightened my grip on his blanket to keep it steady when his weight on the bed tugged it. "You really are shy, aren't you?"

My lips pinched, but I eventually nodded once in affirmation.

His head cocked, and his own lips pinched. He started to say something. Stopped. His eyes ran over my face, and he chuckled quietly. "Do you really want the beginnings of trust?"

I felt my eyebrows furrow at his actions and words. "Yes."

He leaned so that he was resting on his elbow, his feet still on the floor, but the action brought his face closer, down to my level. And his words held me frozen. "Then I'll tell you the biggest weakness I know about you. You know perfectly well that letting the opposing force know what you know is unsafe, so this is me, opening up to you. Trusting you." With green eyes so vivid he held me captive, he stated softly, "You're a hybrid. Half Shifter, half Vampire."

The world stopped. It did. I knew it must have. That, or I did a mini-faint as I stared, unable to breathe.

"Hush," he whispered softly as he placed his warm palm on the side of face, again touching me carefully, as if I were made of glass. "I don't care about it other than the fact it puts you more at risk, right along with how tiny your wolf is. I don't want our daughter growing up without a mother any more than you do. She deserves to know you. She deserves your love." He brushed his thumb back and forth over my temple, and I felt the cool surface of his wedding ring as it glided across my skin. "I won't tell anyone. You have my word."

Truth to all.

Sucking in a harsh breath as my mind swam, I sputtered, "How?"

His lips curled a bit. "When you told me about bleeding on my favorite t-shirt, I wondered because when I woke up after my mind rape I had blood on the pajama pants I was wearing that wasn't mine and tasted of wild spice, not Shifter, not Vampire." His half-smile lifted a bit more. "Then, when we were kissing, and you jumped away when Elder Farrar caught us..." He chuckled quietly, a cocky sound. "Well, before you pulled away from me I bit you and got a drop of your blood."

I blinked, staring wide-eyed at him. "I didn't feel it."

One eyebrow rose, and he didn't say anything, telling me wordlessly he was that good.

I licked my lips, asking, "You really aren't...?"

He shook his head slowly. "Not a soul." He brought his head forward, staring me in the eyes. "I am not a man to mess with, but where Isa's happiness is concerned, I'm not a cold-blooded bastard."

"I've had my tubes tied," I stated instantly, feeling I needed to clarify this. "I had actually had them tied before I got pregnant so no one could ever use me to create a Beast, but I think somewhere in the voids of what I can't remember something happened between us to alter that, and I got pregnant with Isa. But after I delivered her, Bindi tied my tubes." I paused, brows furrowing. "And you know from the videos that I can do Awakenings, so you know the Elders are wrong about their reasons for killing hybrids."

He hummed quietly, his head slanting as he watched me, his thumb still gliding over my temple. "You don't need to prove to me you're not like the hybrid who started this war. Every individual is not created alike. Anyone who simply knows your name," both arched eyebrows quirked, "the badass wolf bitch, Queen Ruckler, would be a fool to think you a traitor."

I ate up his gaze, my eyes flittering back and forth between his, hope dawning. "Trust."

He nodded once. "Trust." Gradually, he lowered his hand to the bed. "What's next on your agenda tonight, since you have a free evening?"

My eyebrows lifted in thought. "I have no clue. I haven't had an evening to myself for three months."

His own brows lifted and he bent forward, his face coming closer. "You could stay here for a little while and we could," closer, he was inching closer, his lips hovering over mine, "become better acquainted."

I lifted a quick finger, setting it against his lush lips, stopping them from landing at their destination. "That wasn't why I came in here." Ezra's eyes narrowed slightly from his blocked attempt, but I ignored them, glancing around his room. "Maybe we could watch a movie or something, if you bring in the TV from your front room. I haven't done that with an adult in a very long time."

He spoke against my finger. "I'm beginning to get a complex, wife. The first night I offered, you only wanted to sleep, and now, at my second offer, all you want to do is watch TV, when you're already," his voice turned growly, "naked in my bed."

My lips twitched as my eyes came back to his. "Well, we wouldn't want you getting a complex would we, husband?" The slightest shake of his head, his lips brushing against my finger. I lowered said finger slowly, watching avidly as it dragged over his bottom lip. "Fine, one kiss, then if you'd like we can watch something. I'll even let you pick the movie."

"How very kind of you," Ezra whispered softly, his breath spanning my own lips now.

I chuckled softly, my eyes on his mouth as they moved damn slowly toward mine. "Kindness isn't a trait I'm used to anymore, so you should feel fortunate I'm bestowing it on you."

"Oh, I'm feeling something all right," Ezra whispered.

His lips landed on mine. And we both groaned at the contact, our lips again molding together perfectly, soft flesh aligning seamlessly with soft flesh. Lifting a hand, I set it just as gently on his bristly jaw, his shadowy beard rough against my palm as he kissed me. The warm touch was heady on my palm and lips, and I pressed for more, a soft moan of need slipping past my lips onto his. His Vampire growled, soft and slow, sounding content as he gave me what I needed, his lips pressing more firmly against mine as he tilted his head, threading his fingers into my hair at the back of my head and lowering us so I was resting on his pillows.

This kiss was a bit different than our last one, more tentative, hesitant, and I knew he felt it too with the cautious trust we had formed. Honestly, I could tell we were both letting our guard down, showing a bit of our vulnerability to each other.

I ran my fingers over his face, lightly touching his temple and cheeks, memorizing the shape of his features and warmth as he ran the tip of his tongue around the curved edges of my mouth, also memorizing me, if I wasn't mistaken. Sighing softly at the whispering glide of his warm tongue, I opened my eyes to stare at the man over me, who was being careful not to put any weight on me except for a leg he'd thrown over mine as if he couldn't help but want to keep me under him. This Vampire stranger, my husband, was beautiful, flawless.

His thick, black lashes slowly lifted from where they had cast their shadow against his cheeks to reveal sparkling green eyes, half-hidden even if aimed at my eyes, and he whispered, "Can I tell you a secret?" Softly, he nibbled at my bottom lip as I nodded slightly, running my hands through his spiked hair and making his eyes dip more. "When you stripped on my bed that first night, I thought that I had never seen anyone so perfect before."

My lips curled at the truth of his words. "But you didn't let yourself get distracted."

He chuckled quietly. "No, unfortunately, I didn't." Our lips stroked softly. "I couldn't."

I nodded, brushing our lips and noses against each other. "I understand."

"I know you do. That's why I've never had to lie and apologize," he murmured quietly, tilting his head, and our lips caressed softly, both of us sighing into each other's mouths.

"All right, confession time, I guess." I lifted a finger as he stopped kissing me to listen, and I ran my digit lightly over one of his arched eyebrows, our mouths still connected. "The night we met, I thought you were the most beautiful Mys I had ever seen." I blinked. "And that was even before you took your shirt off."

His lips curled against mine, the corners of his eyes crinkling slightly. "So you like what you see?"

Simple words to what appeared to be an honest question behind his cockiness. "Yes, very much so."

His lips curled even more on mine, and his teeth nipped at my bottom lip softly. "The feeling's mutual," he paused, then he whispered, "sweetheart."

My heart stalled for a moment at the endearment. Because that's what it was, an actual tender word. And I felt the protective, cold shell covering my broken heart - yes, it had been broken, shattered, really, from the mind rape - melt some and begin to heal. And that hurt and scared me. "Don't..." I sucked in a harsh breath. "Don't mess with my heart...please."

His thumb brushed back and forth over my jaw, again dragging his wedding ring along my flesh. Not backing away, he spoke bluntly. "I'm just as scared and confused as you, thrown into this situation our previous selves decided for us. But I did marry you. I chose you even if I'm only just beginning to see why from a stranger's eyes." Said green eyes flittered over my face. "I give you my word...I won't hurt your heart." His lips stroked mine slowly as my breath caught.

And I wasn't quite sure how it happened, between my heart seizing at his brutally honest words and our mouths melding together, but somehow he ended up under the covers with me, lying directly on top of me and lifting his arms as I pulled his silk shirt over his head and tossed it away. His hard, warm chest connected with mine and I groaned, pressing my soft curves up against him and instantly grabbing onto his back, digging into the muscles flexing there. His pulled his mouth away from mine, breathlessly muttering a curse as he lifted his hand away from my face to dig into his pant pocket.

"Just a second," he rumbled, his eyes holding an apology as he pulled his cell phone out and hit a number on it, listening with it at his ear, but it didn't stop his mouth from reconnecting with mine. Even as I kissed him back just as generously and hungrily as he was me, I heard a masculine voice answer, and Ezra lifted his lips from mine, muttering into the receiver, "Guard my tent. I don't want anyone entering, not even you." The voice over the line said something, apparently assenting because Ezra snapped the phone shut, dropping it beside us to grip both sides of my face...and his warm and slick tongue dove inside my mouth, sliding against my tongue before I could warn him.

Spiced heat exploded on my senses, and I groaned deeply at the potent, intoxicating taste, which was uniquely my husband's own. My wolf woke instantly, growling quietly, and Ezra froze for a moment before blurring his head back to stare me in the eyes. I didn't move, wondering what my wolf was planning for him as I rubbed my tongue on the roof of my mouth, savoring his taste. Ezra stared as I continued growling softly, and he stated slowly, "Just like I knew before seeing those videos that hybrids could do an Awakening," a slow blink, "I somehow just know that Shifter sex the first time around is rough...and I think I just woke your wolf."

I nodded once and blinked, realizing my eyes were glowing dimly, their blue glow slightly on his face. "Yes, it is, until the partner proves himself." My wolf was riding my voice hard, but my eyebrows puckered as I felt my wolf staring out at him. "But I think my wolf already considers you mine, and me yours, since we're married." Another blink...yes, I was feeling my wolf's satisfaction and basic hunger for this man. "Otherwise, this would be going a whole lot differently right now."

He stared as a soft chuckle escaped, a bit of real amusement gracing his features. "Since that wasn't general knowledge I had before the mind sweep..."

My grin was real. "It would be nice to remember what our first time together was like."

His eyes were at my lips. "I'm sure I didn't run, since I don't run well." His tongue peeked out, and I almost groaned at the sight as he slowly licked his bottom lip, his predator growling just as quietly as mine was. "It's safe to kiss you now?"

I nodded, and I did what I wanted - hell, what even my wolf wanted - and pulled his head down to press my lips to his, instantly sliding my tongue back inside his mouth to run it across his, wanting to taste him again. I groaned at the sensual glide, our tongues sliding against each other, and heard his Vampire growl more loudly as the warmth in my gut started to burn brighter, filling me with fleshly heat. His hands fisted my hair, turning from gentle to dominant as he tilted my head the other way, his tongue diving in more forcefully, owning my mouth as he tasted every part and only just pulling back enough so I could do the same.

Drowning in what our mouths were doing, I hardly noticed when he lifted some of his body weight off me, altering his position as his knees slid over, then between mine, spreading my legs so his thick c**k nestled directly against the wet heat of my core. His deep moan vibrated against my chest as he ground against me. I lifted against him, but I shook my head because I wanted to taste him, all of him.

"Get undressed," I mumbled breathlessly, pushing back against the pillow to separate our mouths. "I want to taste you." His Vampire growled loudly, and he started to dive back down to my mouth, but I pushed at his muscled shoulders. "Please."

He stilled, Vampire still growling but quietly now, and he inhaled heavily before blurring off the bed, the blanket flying off with him. Instantly, I rolled toward him and lifted onto my knees at the edge of the bed. I was barely able to track him as he blurred, undressing in a hurry so close I could still feel his heat. When he stopped moving directly in front of me, I stared at his eyes that were tracking over every inch of me, dipping down and flaring in desire, the green damn near disappearing as his pupils dilated. The sight made me want to purr inside, my own desire notching higher with the blatant certainty that he wanted what he saw.

Quietly, he growled, "Mine."

His hands started to lift, but I brushed them away gently and leaned forward, because I wanted to nibble on the mocha skin I could see in my peripheral. My lips landed on his heated pec, and I sighed against the warmth, slowly kissing and nibbling my way across his chest, savoring and learning his flesh until I got to a small brown nipple. "Mine." I bit gently, then I sucked it into my mouth and heard him moan softly, his fingers instantly threading through my hair.

In the dimly lit room, I gradually nibbled and licked and caressed his heated skin, stroking him with my fingers, slowly lowering until I was sitting on the bed with my legs on either side of his, licking my way over the hard, muscled hills and valleys of his abdomen. His breathing and heartbeat had accelerated, and when I gripped his - holy shit - huge f**king cock, he jerked automatically, thrusting into my hand repeatedly, a rumbling sexy moan reverberating from his chest.

Trying to reposition myself upon realizing how huge he was I quickly took my hand away, but he took my action the wrong way, his fists tightening in my hair as he groaned in disappointment, and he rapidly stated, "I'm sorry, but it has been a long f**king time." I glanced up at him at his honest words. His thumb caressed my cheek softly. "I won't push. You can go at your own pace."

I shook my head inside his hold, turned on even more by touching him. "It's not what you think. You're just larger than I expected." I quickly maneuvered so I was on my knees again. "There, now I can do this."

"Ah." I watched as an adorable blush stole over his sharp cheekbones, even though his green gaze held mine. "Right."

I smiled up at him. A real one. "I'm going to taste you now."

His chest heaved, and he nodded once, eyes on my mouth, the desire on his face hard etched. He didn't say anything, but it was there in his eyes, in the way he was only just holding himself back from taking over, his muscles clenched tight, and I knew in that moment he was permitting me to do this the way I wanted. He was much larger than me, more powerful than me, and possibly more dominant than me. He wasn't saying any of this, allowing me to lead, but it was obvious that he wanted me to hurry the f**k up.

I grinned then lifted my head, staring down at his cock, heavy and hard with need. His grip tightened incrementally on my hair, but again, he didn't push as I opened my mouth wide - because it sure as hell needed to be with his massive size - and slipped the head of his c**k into my mouth. He jerked, a brash, deep shout rumbling from him as I sucked, rolling my tongue around the crown, relishing how his scent and taste intensified here.

Groaning at the feel of him, I gripped the base of his c**k with my right hand, fondling his heavy sac with my other, and the arousal that had started inside my gut heated even lower, my core throbbing at his flavor and the feel of his velvety hardness, the warmth inside making me dizzy with craving. His grip tightened fiercely in my hair while I sucked him hard, bobbing my head as far as I could go while my hand moved with my mouth's motions, because there was no way in hell I could take him all the way down my throat, my moans of pleasure joining his deep ones.

As I rubbed my tongue under the head of his cock, he jolted, shouting, "Fucking shit." His Vampire growled deeply, and his head dipped down. His eyes, focused solely on me as I glanced up, were almost pitch black except for the tiny rim of spring green around the edges, and I knew he was done letting me play, his body beginning to tremble right before he started thrusting in time to my movements. "Harder, sweetheart...fuck, harder."

I moaned when his hands, fists full of my hair, started guiding my head as he drove his c**k inside my mouth, the feeling of velvet over steel running in and out my mouth, past my lips, across my tongue. I sucked even more firmly and felt him shudder. The inside of my thighs were growing slick as he plunged in and out of my mouth repeatedly, groaning deeply, and feeling restless, I squirmed, whimpering, needing contact.

I heard him inhale deeply and curse quietly, yanking my head back. "Hush," he whispered, pressing me back on the bed, his cheeks flushed and his dark, dilated eyes staring at me. Slowly, he lowered his body over mine, my whole frame trembling past desire and on to pained need as his hard, warm contours pressed against my soft ones. I instinctively opened my legs wide for him, another whimper of carnal need leaving my lips at feeling his c**k rub against my wet, swollen flesh. "Do you want my c**k or fingers or tongue in you first?"

Panting, I tilted my h*ps against his. "Your cock. Definitely, your cock."

He nodded, gently brushing his lips against mine with the motion. "How rough do you need it?"

My dilated gaze met his. "It's been over a year since we last had sex." A small moan slipped past my lips as he rubbed his c**k back and forth over my slick flesh, his gaze intense. "I want you to f**k the living shit out of me."

"I think I can handle that," he growled softly, his large warm palms sliding up my sides, over my shoulders, my neck, my cheeks, and into my hair. He fisted my hair in an unbreakable hold. "Just tell me if I hurt you, and I'll stop."

I nodded, running my hands down his muscled back where it dipped at his waist, and grabbed - I sucked in a breath...fuck, his ass was perfect - two rounded muscled globes. My nails dug in as I gripped him tight, and he moaned softly, his forehead touching mine as he stared me in the eyes. He tipped his h*ps back, the head of his c**k at my core's entrance, and I squirmed my hips, moaning for him to hurry.

He thrust brutally, answering my call.

We both shouted as his huge c**k slid inside my slick, tight channel only a few inches, stretching me to the point of pain, and my wolf raised her head again, practically nodded as she double-checked it was my husband, before her head fell back down, absolute approval in the motion.

Eyes hooded, he panted, "Shit, you're f**king tight." I wasn't so positive I was all that damn tight, especially after having Isa. Pretty sure the culprit was his huge cock. Nostrils flared, his jaw clenched, he pulled his h*ps back, thrusting again, my body bowing as I cried out his name; the only thing keeping me in place was the grip he had on my hair. He shuddered, pressing his forehead harder on mine, and I felt his ass flex as he tilted his h*ps back, then he drove his c**k all the way inside my channel, his h*ps flush with mine. "Jesus f**king Christ," he groaned shakily, "you feel perfect."

I couldn't even breathe as my channel tried to adjust to his size, but it didn't mean he didn't feel damn wonderful inside me, stretching me full. I blinked up at him, my husband, who wore the same expression of pained ecstasy that I must have been wearing, and whispered, "Please." I needed it, my lower belly burning for friction. "Too long. It's been too f**king long."

Breathless, his lips lifted, and he softly kissed my own, speaking against them. "I'll do as you asked." His nose brushed mine before he planted another gentle kiss on my lips. "But after we're done, I'm going to taste every inch of your flesh, and we'll go at this slower." His h*ps pulled back, and he did exactly as I had requested.

Fucked the living shit out of me.

I screamed against his lips as he slammed his h*ps against mine, driving his c**k into me with bruising force, perfect force, the rhythm ruthless. My slick channel coated his pistoning c**k to maximum perfection, our skin slapping almost as loudly as our shouts and groans filled the room. "God, baby...oh, f**king yes!" I saw his lips curl as he grabbed the top of the headboard, mocha biceps flexing above me while he pounded in and out of me with relentless fury, easing an ache inside me I hadn't realized was there until our first kiss. Lifting my legs farther up his sides, I threw my hands above me, pressing back against the headboard when his furious thrusting threatened to throw me into it.

"More? Do you need more?" he groaned in a pant, sweat beginning to bead on our bodies.

I nodded vigorously. Fuck, yes. If he could give more of that wonderful friction, I wanted it all.

My jaw fell open as he tilted his hips, and that quickly, I jerked, a keening cry echoing as my vision hazed, eyes closing. Liquid lightning shot from my stomach to my limbs and brain, a sparkling, sensual rain running like a soothing flood over and through me as I cl**axed, convulsing hard while my core pulsated against his driving cock. "Baby!"

"Fucking shit!" I heard him shout, dropping down against me, shuddering as he gripped my hands, entwining our fingers above my head. He started hammering into me, his c**k driving deeper as he held my convulsing frame down, his muscles clenched tightly over and around me. "Holy hell." I choked on air, and blinked my eyes open, only just coming down and able to see again. His face was carved with harsh pleasure, staring down at me, and breathless, he ordered, "You are going to do that again." And he thrust into me, his c**k sliding past my cervix, pressing hard inside me. "Again. Understand?"

I nodded, and I gripped his hands tighter, and I knew...yep, as soon as I tilted my hips, rubbing firmly against his pelvic bone, I shuddered and screamed, flying again. Hearing him shout, I felt his mouth land on mine, his slick tongue driving into meet mine, and I whimpered in my haze, tilting my head and meeting each of his thrusts by both his tongue and his cock, wanting both to be deep as I quivered under him, warmth suffusing my limbs.

He ate at my mouth, the strokes ravenous, starving, and I felt him tremble against me, our slick bodies rubbing sensually. Chest heaving, he shouted against my lips and slammed his c**k so deep I screamed with him, jerking as I felt his hot cum shooting inside me, his c**k pumping as he shook violently on top of me, his lips still on mine, his tongue still demanding, thrusting deeply. Moaning at the sensations, I kept my legs wrapped tight around him and gripped his hands as hard as he was mine and held him close, uncaring that both of us were leaving bruises.

And he didn't stop there, doing as he said he would do.

Even though our heartbeats hadn't even begun to calm, our aftershocks barely through, he pulled out of me and lowered his mouth to my flesh.

"Is there something you need?" the green-eyed devil purred quietly against my ear as he thrust into me firmly but gently from behind. On my knees, my hands dug under his pillows to press against the headboard. I whimpered against the plush black pillow, trying to push against his fingers more firmly where he had wrapped his arm around and under my waist, his fingers teasing my cl*t endlessly, taking me to the edge...only to stop before I got there, tormenting me. "I'm about to cum...and you know what I want..." He gently massaged with his fingers, making me jerk and moan, driving his h*ps against mine harder. His body began to tighten around me, proving he wasn't lying. "Say it, sweetheart, and I'll take you with me."

He had made good on his word, tasting every part of my flesh, and already having given me the two orgasms earlier, and then another one with his damn talented mouth and tongue and fingers. But he had been going at it slow this time. He was building my orgasm to a fever pitch, so I trembled under him in need, a literal haze beginning to blind me. I shouted in frustration, again trying to press more firmly against him, but he only gripped my hip tighter with his free hand, groaning a chuckle, his body starting to tremble.

"Asshole," I groaned low.

Again, he chuckled gently, his chest vibrating against my back. "That's not the word I want," he rumbled, biting my shoulder - without fangs, since I hadn't offered up my blood - his thrusting c**k pumping faster inside me. "I can't hold out much longer."

"Oh, God," I groaned, shaking my head back and forth, feeling his c**k stretch my slick channel to perfection. I shouted when he started rubbing faster with his fingers...only to f**king stop. "Fine...fine...I'll say it." I thrust my h*ps back. "Just stop toying with me."

"Now." A harsh demand. "Say it."

"Fine," I groaned. "Baby. There. Now do it! Please, baby."

"Fucking right, wife," he growled low as he drove into me more forcefully, his steady drives altering to a more hammering rhythm as he shouted my name, filling me repeatedly, the friction mesmerizing and making me scream as he pinched my cl*t firmly and rubbed in solid and quick motions like his cock.

We both stilled at the same time, and I shoved back against him as he slammed his h*ps against mine, sliding further inside my channel's depths. Our shouts sounded in unison as we fell over the edge, our pleasure consuming us, a sensual mist shrouding me in flames of warmth as my channel pulsed in time to his c**k pumping his hot cum deep inside me. Our bodies trembled against each other in mutual pleasure. Bit by bit, we slid flush to the bed's satin sheet, our chests heaving and heart rates slowly lowering.

Half passed out in pleasure and exhaustion, I barely heard him whisper against my ear, "You're all mine, sweetheart."

With his body's warmth crushing my backside in a comfortable way, I tilted my head a smidge and yawned. Eyes closed, on the edge between awareness and sleep, I murmured, "And you're my husband." I yawned again, snuggling the side of my face into the pillow. "All mine, baby."

And blessedly sated, I went under, unconsciousness taking hold, and he lifted away from me, the action feeling like a dream itself. His heat was gone for only a moment before it returned next to me as he furrowed his hand under the pillow my head rested on and slid my wedding ring back onto my thumb with a slightly cautious kiss to my damp forehead.

Chapter Eleven

Waking to the sound of an alarm clock buzzing, I yawned. Then I froze when I felt what was, by all accounts, a hot, na**d body lying behind me - actually spooning my own na**d frame - reach over me and slam their arm down, the thwack of flesh smacking plastic sounding.

The alarm stopped.

Startled, my eyes flying wide open, I viewed my surroundings as I scented the air. The most potent smell was that of the man burrowing his arm back under the black blanket over us and running his warm palm down my arm to my hand and entwining our fingers so that our thumb rings, our wedding rings, rested against each other. It was Ezra, my husband, and slowly the memory of last night filtered through the haze of sleep I lingered in. Sighing softly, I relaxed a smidge, even if still a little apprehensive of what this day after our carnal events of last night might bring, and I snuggled more firmly against his heated body.

He grunted softly, mumbling sleepily, "Don't wiggle your ass like that or we'll be in this bed all morning long and people might wonder where the hell we are."

I stilled, whispering, "Sorry."

He squeezed my hand, his voice gruff with sleep. "Plus, I have to pee."

I blinked then chuckled softly. "I married a romantic."

"A realist, more like." He sighed. "Hell, now I seriously have to pee."

Glancing at the time, I then stared at the poor alarm clock, which appeared to be on its last leg, as if it had been in one too many fights with my Vampire husband and had lost most of those battles. "You know, when you have to start duct taping your alarm clock so it'll stay together, it's probably time to get a new one."

"If you can't duct it...," he rumbled, stretching behind me, his legs interweaving with mine, the coarse hairs on his legs tickling my smooth skin.

I blinked. "Maybe I could find one for you that's industrial grade."

He snorted. "I'd rather not have an alarm clock with Bambi buttons or duck designs or cartoon characters on it." A pause, then polite words. "But thank you for the thought."

I scowled at the ugly alarm clock. "I wouldn't get you one like that, but even if I did, it would be better than that eyesore."

"I like that eyesore, so don't even think about it." He pulled me onto my back and lay on top of me in one swift motion. Remarkable, sleepy green eyes stared down at me, his red and black hair a rumpled mess all over his head. He actually appeared adorable like this as his gaze scanned my face, which I would never tell him since he was a man who prided himself on being tough and cruel, so he would probably take my assessment as a knock to his virile ego. Leisurely, he lifted his hand and placed his index finger on my chin, and he began gliding it down the curve of my jaw, making me want to lean into the touch as he watched his digit's motion. "And I didn't mind you so much sleeping in bed with me." His lashes lifted, granting me better access to his striking eyes as he spoke quietly, "How about you?"

My lips curved, and I told the truth. "For the first time in a long time, I slept like a baby." I tapped his straight nose softly. "And speaking of which, I need to go check on ours." And give us both time to cope with what we had done together last night.

His lips twitched. "Are you sure you're up for the walk of shame?"

Yeah, I knew I would be seeing a few Mysticals out at this pre-dawn hour heading back into their own tents, some with heads raised and grinning while others stared at the ground, wondering what the hell they had been thinking the night before. "I can do it, if they can."

His wide lips straightened as he stared me in the eyes for a long moment. "We're good?"

I bit my lip, watching him as closely as he was me. "I think so."

"I think so, too." His eyebrows furrowed. "I mean, it was only sex between a married couple."

Yeah, we both sounded as if we were trying to convince ourselves of this...and we were. "I'd better go. I want to be there before Isa wakes up." It had definitely been more intense than your everyday, simple sex between a married couple.

We had - if this was a way to explain it - met each other in a flawless unification of connecting bliss, the give and take between us perfectly matched. So no, it hadn't been your everyday, run of the mill sex.

And we obviously needed time to process this as he nodded once quickly. "I understand."

I felt my lips twitch with humor as he continued staring. "You'll have to get off me then."

He sucked in a quick breath, rolling off me to sit on the edge of the bed, his strong, muscled back to me. "This is a little weird."

Yeah, I got that too, so I threw him a line. "No weirder than the fact that I would love to sink my teeth into each of your mocha hot-as-fuck ass cheeks."

There was a beat of silence, then he chuckled quietly, shoulders slightly shaking as he glanced over one to me. "That is a bit weird."

I shrugged, keeping the blanket over my chest, oddly shy even after last night. "But that still doesn't stop me wanting to do it."

His eyes skimmed down my face, a small smile lifting his lips as he murmured deeply, "Yeah, definitely." Then he raised a cocky eyebrow, speaking plainly instead of in code as we had been. "Perhaps next time?"

I waggled my eyebrows playfully, knowing he was seriously offering as I lifted on one arm and kept myself covered with the other. "Most definitely." And yes, I would be having many helpings of this man, no matter the obvious cost to my soul...because it was already beginning to feel like he completed it.

It was after reminding Ezra to make sure he showered - and to not allow a Shifter into his bedroom until he washed his sheets so no one knew he'd had sex with a wolf Shifter, since the sexual fluids of a Shifter gave away their animal - and after he had called off his guard, that I left his tent unseen. I picked up Isa at Antonio's tent and spent a few mommy-withdrawal early hours with my daughter before handing her over to Bindi. Eventually I walked into the conference room of headquarters, surprised at what I saw.

I stopped directly inside the tent's flap and quickly assessed the additional occupants to the room. Apart from the usual Elders, the room also contained Elder Fergus, Elder Kincaid, Elder Nelson, and Elder Venclaire. Eyes widening, I smiled instantly - a real one - as Elder Kincaid rose from a leather chair, stalked toward me, and wrapped me in a huge bear hug, crushing me. I barely wheezed, "I missed you, too."

Pounding on my back, he stated gruffly, his wolf riding his voice, "I'm so happy to see you."

When he finally let me breathe, pulling me back to hold me by the shoulders, I asked a bit breathlessly, "Is Fi here with you?" My late mate's mother, practically a surrogate mom to me after I had moved in with them when I had met Dominic.

"Of course, and she'll want to see you," he stated happily, dark eyes searching my face until he seemed satisfied with his inspection. "You look well."

"And so do you." I patted his chest and stood on tiptoe to kiss his cheek. "I really have missed you."

Preening a bit, he hugged me once more, then gestured to the others of his four. "As you can see, everyone's here."

I crossed my arms and raised my eyebrows, glancing at all of them. "So who won the most recent bet?"

Elder Fergus - 'dirt boy' as I had lovingly called him at King Cave - chuckled and flicked his finger in the air. "That would be me. I bet we would be shipped to the United States next."

"Good payout?"

His hand teetered back and forth. "Decent." He shrugged. "But it could have been a dollar for all I cared since I was just happy we were leaving," he shuddered, "Moscow."

"Not a fan?" All four Elders cringed, making me chuckle. "Guess not."

Antonio tilted his head at them. "They arrived this morning and they're already trying to take over."

Elder Nelson rolled his eyes, sitting back on his chair. "Elder Fergus and I were only saying that the Elemental and Mage Commanders could be overhauled here at King Shadow."

Elder Jacobs chuckled, showing camaraderie with his fellow Elemental as he glanced at Elder Fergus. "Good luck with that. Queen Ruckler already attempted to change the Elementals and," a glance at Elder Nelson, "Mages, but King Zeller didn't think it was needed."

Elder Merrick snorted. "That's not exactly what he said, but that's the polite version."

Elder Nelson peered at me. "Tell me your thoughts."

I knew that expression. Ezra was going to get an earful from him. I literally had to pinch my lips to keep from sticking up for him...but Ezra was wrong not to even read the files. So I went to the shelves at the end of the room where the books and other files were while King Kincaid stated, "I have no issues with the Shifters here. With the additions Lily brought in yesterday, the group's strong and the numbers are right."

Sifting through the gold folders first, I was distracted hearing Ezra enter the conference room, so I didn't notice anyone come up behind me. I was startled when Elder Venclaire - the one Elder I hadn't really glanced at yet - spoke quietly directly behind me.

"Hello, Lily."

I didn't jump, but I froze. "Elder Venclaire." Hello, biological father.

He moved so he was in my line of sight, resting his shoulder against a shelf and tilting his head forward to look me directly in the eyes. "It's been a while since we last saw each other." Blue eyes so like my own studied my face. "How are you doing?"

"I'm fine." I stared at him a moment, then went back to trying to find the folders I was looking for. "And how are you?"

"It's been an interesting journey so far." His head cocked forward further, so it was harder to ignore him. "Lily?"

"Hmm?" I couldn't find those damn files anywhere, and I wanted to find them to escape the man my mother had loved so deeply, a man I didn't really know why she had run from.

His words were soft, sounding heartfelt. "Lily, look at me."

Eyebrows furrowing at his tone, I held my place in the files and peered up at him.

Intense blue eyes stared down at me as he angled his body so no one could see our faces. "Will you have lunch with me sometime when things have settled down with the war? I want to speak with you in private and this conversation has been a long time coming."

I froze as I gazed into his eyes seeing...knowledge there. And a quiet yearning. My eyes darting back and forth between his, I realized he knew. He had figured out I was his daughter. Maybe I had known before, but I couldn't remember it if I had.

My heart began running rapid inside my chest, literally feeling as if it wanted to shove through my ribs, the beat almost painful.

No, it wasn't almost painful.

It was painful, especially when he let another emotion slip past his guard to shine through his eyes.

Love.

This man I didn't know, the man who had helped to create me, loved me.

Hiccupping once or twice, I turned my head away, blinking back unexpected tears, and nodded. "Yes. Yes, I'd like that."

"Good." He smiled gently. "I know this-"

"Elder Venclaire." Ezra slapped a hand on Elder Venclaire's shoulder, cutting him off, and if I wasn't mistaken, he was squeezing the Elder's shoulder a bit too roughly. "Should I feel offended you're talking to Queen Ruckler before you've even said hello to me, your favorite Prodigy, and now King?"

I stared, trying to decipher why he didn't seem to like my biological father. Though his tone was perfectly pleasant, his tense body and too tight hold said otherwise, and his scent was a little off since he reeked of aggressiveness.

Elder Venclaire even stared before he covertly picked up Ezra's clamping index finger, not flinching at the hold Ezra had him under, and then jerked it quickly, lifting Ezra's hand from his shoulder without harming either of them. "You, Ezra," a pause as he dropped Ezra's hand, "so sorry, I meant King Zeller, were my only Prodigy - thank God - so therefore it could be construed that not only were you my favorite, but that you were also my most despised." He patted Ezra's shoulder. Gently. "And please, forgive my rudeness in not attending to you earlier, but the guard at your tent before dawn said you weren't to be disturbed." His eyes flicked to me then quickly back to Ezra. "But it is nice to see you again, and I hope you're doing well." He turned and walked a few steps before pausing to speak softly over his shoulder. "And you've got it all wrong, King Zeller. Try the equation again to find the correct answer."

I stared in dumbstruck shock at his retreating back, realizing with his words that the seething Vampire standing next to me, who turned to stare down at me to hide his utterly furious expression from anyone else, was jealous...of my biological father.

I blinked.

Just eww...I couldn't help but shudder...gross.

"What the f**k, Lily?" he breathed in the quietest hiss so no others - even the Vamps - could hear him. "You said you knew him before...but just how well did you know him exactly? And why the hell are you inviting him to your tent now?" Violent eyes darted between mine, searching for an answer.

All right, I kind of wanted to laugh in his face, so I decided to let him in on the secret since it was just mean to make him feel this way...especially after last night. Lifting my fingers from the files, I pulled the closest pad of paper off a lower shelf, grabbed the pen on top of the filing cabinet, and wrote in a tiny scrawl: He's my biological father. Handing the pad of paper over to Ezra, I gave up on finding the folders I was looking for and turned on my heel, leaving the frozen Vampire to deal with that little bit of information he was currently gawking at.

"I'm sorry, Elder Nelson," I stated, taking a seat next to Antonio and kicking my boots up on the table. "I can't seem to find the folders for the four individuals I had picked out to transfer here, but I can get you another workup on them by the end of the day."

Elder Nelson glared toward Ezra. "That's unfortunate." But he nodded toward me. "And I would appreciate the additional time for you-"

"What's unfortunate, Elder Nelson?" Ezra interrupted him, sitting next to his dad. I kept a perfectly emotionless face even when I saw him keeping the paper hidden as he scribbled out what I had written, his cheeks flushed, apparently embarrassed by his previous behavior with Elder Venclaire but not missing the look Elder Nelson had swung in his direction.

Elder Nelson's jaw clenched at being cut off, but he stated calmly, "Elder Fergus and I have found a few of the Mages and Elementals you have as Commanders to be lacking in leadership skills, and we were informed Queen Ruckler had a few potential candidates to take their-"

"Ah, yes," Ezra interrupted him again, and I peered at my boots to keep from laughing when Elder Nelson's veneer cracked and his bronzed face flushed in anger, his mouth beginning to open, surely to bawl him out for being so ill-mannered to an Elder, but Ezra continued speaking, ignoring him. "Queen Ruckler did bring to my attention four possible candidates." He bent and picked up a black duffle from the ground next to his chair, setting it on the marble table in front of him and unzipping it. "Their folders are in here somewhere." He lifted a knife from the bag, setting it on the table, pointy end aimed at Elder Nelson. "I reviewed them yesterday, and I've found," a gun was set on the table, also aimed directly at Elder Nelson, "that her..." He paused, lifting another gun, a shiny silver one not unlike my own, and waggling it at Elder Nelson, again aimed directly at him. "Damn, I've been looking all over for this." That gun disappeared somewhere on his body in a blur. "Anyway, I've found that her assessment was correct," he lifted out the folders, which were blatantly on top of the piled confines of his bag, "and we should transfer out the four here for these four new individuals." He tossed the files on the table toward Elder Nelson, the Elder Mage's face now carefully blank. "So it's not so unfortunate, Elder Nelson, and I'm sure you won't have any problems handling their transfers since Queen Ruckler's already taken care of most of it, and with both of our signatures, the King's and Queen's, already on them, no one should hassle you."

Oh, God. It took every ounce of willpower I had learned over the past year not to crack a smile in the silence that had trickled into our group. I mean, damn, he was good. Not only had he inadvertently threatened Elder Nelson with multiple weapons, but he had also put the Elder in his metaphorical place in the hierarchy. Although Elders had just as much clout in our society as Kings and Queens - most of the time more so - the Kings and Queens were the individuals to take the brunt of any current blowouts, and as such they were the true heads of our people...not to mention this camp.

"Are there any other immediate issues you wanted to discuss?" Ezra asked in his deep rumble, his tone pleasant as he held Elder Nelson's gaze.

A golden eyebrow rose slowly. "No, I don't believe so." He glanced at Elder Zeller, then Elder Venclaire, murmuring, "It appears you two trained him well. My congratulations to you both."

"I assure you, Elder Nelson, I'm well past my training-wheel days." Ezra placed his weapons back into his duffle, zipping it up. "And, although they did teach me plenty, I think you'll find I have a unique style all my own they had nothing to do with."

Golden eyes watched him, intelligent gaze evaluating. "You'll have to excuse me while I reserve my judgment on whether your unique style is to be taken seriously or not." After that cool putdown, he lifted the files Ezra had tossed on the table before him. "And if Elder Fergus and I agree with what you and Queen Ruckler have decided is best for King Shadow, then I'll handle the details of having them transferred."

I bristled at that, my attention honing in completely on him. "Put the files down." I had two guns aimed at him instantly. "Now, Elder Nelson." When he only froze, again raising that eyebrow at me, my grin was pure icy bitch as I stared at him. "The gun in my right hand has silver bullets."

And...the files were slowly set on the table.

I put the gun in my left hand away, which didn't appear to make him too happy as he stared at the one with the silver bullets still aimed at his heart. "Now, while that whole little battle of testosterone was really entertaining, I have to admit that, even though I do respect you as an Elder, I'm even more intrigued by the fact you think that you have final say over signed documents by the two ruling individuals of King Shadow, which, if you aren't aware, are myself and King Zeller." I raised my own eyebrows. "I would love to hear your explanation because, if you are also unaware, King Zeller and I - again, the ruling individuals of King Shadow - are fully within our power to reject anyone in this camp if we see them unfit for any reason, such as insubordination...not excluding Elders." A few ticks of silence went by, and I nodded my head at him. "Please, don't let me stop you."

Oh. He was mad. Or maybe more like enraged as he stared back at me, his cheeks rosy red. I even began to feel the tingle of Mage magic prickle at my skin.

My eyebrows rose even further. "You are not that stupid."

He stood with such force his chair fell to the rug behind him, but I did feel the intimidating Mage magic retreat as he leaned over the table, fists supporting his body as he inched forward. "I had heard the runner-up Queen Shifter had become a frigid bitch, but I hadn't believed it until now."

My lips twitched even as I saw a few of the men stiffen at his words. "If you were meaning that as an insult, then you need to work on it since I am the runner-up Shifter Queen, and I am a frigid bitch to those I don't like." I pointed at the files with my free hand. "I want a simple yes or no from you. Are you going to handle the transfers regardless of what you think of our picks?"

Fuck, the man could really glare. "If I say no?"

Simple. "Then King Zeller and I will discuss your importance here at King Shadow and decide whether you're really needed." I paused, then stated truthfully, "If you hadn't pulled that higher-than-thou bullshit, I never would have questioned your loyalty to us...in fact, I would have probably asked for your input for any future recruits. But you did test us, so now one of the two Rulers with the final say - not you - is asking you a damn question, and she wants a f**king answer." I paused. "Please." A little sugar with the spice never hurt.

His reply was seriously a long time coming, in fact, it was so long my trigger finger began to cramp in the hostile quiet, but eventually he stated, "Yes, I'll handle these four transfers as you and King Zeller have designated, despite any misgivings I may have." Truth. I nodded once and watched as he picked up the files, moving woodenly. "And I...apologize for acting as I did," borderline truth, "It will take some getting used to not being in charge as the four of us have been for the past year at our previous camp." Truth.

"Thank you, and I accept your...apology," I stated evenly, holstering my gun.

He turned to leave, but suddenly I felt a wave of Mage magic brush along my right side, floating out from Antonio's lazy position on his chair, and Elder Nelson froze in mid-stride. He visibly flinched, held his position for a few moments, then glanced over his shoulder as the pulse of magic abruptly stopped. His gaze found mine while he said steadily, "And I'm sorry for that little stunt I started to pull." Truth.

I nodded once, watching as he glanced at Antonio before exiting the conference room. I tilted my head in Antonio's direction, our gazes meeting, and his lips curved cruelly, belying any of the laziness he was pretending so beautifully. "Do I want to know what that little tingle of magic would have done to me?"

He shrugged a careless shoulder. "It wouldn't have done a thing." Truth. Again, his lips tilted at the edges just the barest bit.

"Well," Elder Kincaid stated, breaking the silence everyone else was still under, "now that the fun time of redirectional reigning is over, how about we try to figure out why the f**k Elder Harcourt is placing so many damn chiefs under this one roof, which as was just shown is never a great f**king idea." He spread his arms wide. "Why the hell bring us all here? It doesn't make sense to have so much power in one place. And Kansas? Did I miss the memo where this state became a huge threat to the worldwide war?"

Elder Jacobs blinked a few times then held up an envelope. "I may have the reasoning for that right here." Again he blinked, then he glanced at Ezra and me, ignoring how everyone else was staring at him avidly. "That was very nicely done, you two." He nodded a few times. "I'm pleasantly surprised with how you both handled him."

Ezra and I stared at him, and I was the one who eventually muttered, "Thanks." I mean, really, his commentary on our leadership skills wasn't absolutely needed right now. I pointed to the envelope, trying to redirect him. "What is that?"

"Hmm?" he hummed absently, still staring at us, but he kind of jolted at seeing the letter, as if he had just noticed it in his raised hand. "Oh, yes. This is from Elder Harcourt."

"And?" I prompted.

"You, King Zeller, Elder Merrick, Elder Farrar, Elder Zeller, and myself will be striking the last Beast farm tonight," he explained. He grinned. "After we rest up, our same group will be heading to Chicago - recently dubbed King Mile - the city most recently taken here in the United States. We'll be meeting there with Elder Townsend, Elder White, Elder Bridges, Elder Samson, King Collins, and Queen Cooper. They're all getting their directives today to change locations. We'll be discussing how to finally put an end this war."

Holy shit.

Parking ten miles away from our destination - the last Beast farm - our group exited from the vehicles. I took my coat off and pulled my hair into a ponytail, then I methodically began strapping on my weapons. My gun spelled with a never-ending supply of silver bullets went into a thigh holster, while knives and a few other guns were placed sporadically in holsters or sheaths along my body. My Cizanos, two short, deadly curved swords made of steel and silver and spelled specifically for a Shifter's strength, I strapped to my back, their handles right above my shoulders for easy access. I noticed absently that Elder Merrick also had a pair. Bonnie and Clyde, my Vizoac and my husband's, both having behaved decently in the back of the SUV we rode in, jumped from the interior and automatically went to either my side or Ezra's. But they weren't going with us on this mission; their duty was to stay near the SUV and make sure it was here when we got back.

After everyone was suited up, we stood in a circle around Antonio. His eyes flared bright as a golden, transparent sphere encompassed our group. From the outside it was invisible, hiding us, but inside we could see the golden shimmer of the sphere. Elder Jacobs's eyes flared, and suddenly the wind picked up and aimed directly at us, shoving our sphere forward. I braced my legs but still fell back against Ezra at the sudden speed. His palms landed on my hips, steadying me as his heat encompassed me, his hands only releasing me when I found my footing. I watched as the scenery blurred by, all of it country, as our speed increased to over a hundred miles per hour, meaning we arrived at our destination fairly quickly. I was rocked again as if I were on a roller coaster as the wind blew our sphere straight up into the night sky over the twenty-foot tall metal fencing with rounded, wicked barbwire at the top.

"Oomph," I exhaled sharply as all of us, not just me, almost fell to our knees.

Ezra's arm was instantly wrapped around my waist from behind, even as he placed a quick bracing hand on the bottom of the sphere, keeping us from falling completely. He barked over his shoulder, "What the f**k? Are you trying to injure us all?"

"It was needed," Elder Jacobs said softly, staring at the distancing ground as the wind pushed us from underneath, his arms aimed low. "You'd better brace yourself for the landing."

"You're a damn Elder!" Ezra shouted over the howling wind. "Where the hell is your control-" He abruptly cut off as we started to descend...or fall from the sky, more like.

And yeah, I screamed as our bodies literally lifted from the bottom of the sphere, floating a bit as I stared down at the swiftly approaching unforgiving ground, the dead grass most definitely not enough to cushion our fall.

"Shit!" Ezra shouted, his arm tightening around my stomach painfully, his chest pressed against my back as he stared over my shoulder down at the ground. He was able to thrust his legs down and touch the sphere, and he jerked hard, twisting us roughly so now his back was to the approaching ground while we stared up into the overcast night through the shimmering gold. It didn't help my fear, not at all, and I screamed again at the freefalling weightlessness, but I still heard Ezra mutter near my ear, "Fuck, this is gonna hurt."

A sudden brush of wind caught the sphere, slowing it, but we still landed way too f**king hard. Ezra grunted loud as his entire backside slammed against the ground, my body on top of his and crushing his front as gravity smashed me into him. His breath released against the left side of my face, even as all the air rushed from my own lungs, my arms flying past his body on either side to smack onto the ground. All the Elders next to us were lying on the bottom of the sphere, the same as us, sprawled every which way. No one moved, or like me, was probably able to breathe, all the air just gone from my lungs as I stared blurrily up at the sky in a daze.

Dizzily, I lifted a bruised and shaky hand and pounded on my chest a few times until I wheezed, coughing hard as air filled my jarred lungs. I felt a gentle squeeze on my hip, the barest pressure, and I shook my head hard, remembering I was lying on top of my husband. I rolled, sadly not quickly because the world kind of spun, and heard some of the Elders begin to stir as they also coughed air into their lungs. Moving like a drunk over Ezra, I stared down at his face. He was blinking repeatedly, like he couldn't see, and his wide lips were beginning to turn blue. "Aw, shit." His chest wasn't moving, and if anything, it looked like some of his ribs might have broken from his body cushioning mine. "Antonio, a little help here!"

Instantly, I tilted his head back and pressed his chin down, opening his mouth wide. I sucked in a large breath and lowered my mouth to his, blowing out hard, pushing air into his lungs. And yeah, he had some broken ribs, the way his chest lifted with the air. "Antonio, goddammit! Get over here and fix him!" His heart was still beating, but he wasn't breathing yet, his eyes starting to close, so I blew more air into his lungs. "Fucking breathe!" I pushed more air in, and I shouted, "Ezra!"

Antonio's glowing hands were suddenly on Ezra's chest, and I heard popping sounds erupt inside him. Ezra's eyes did fly open then, and after I blew air into his lungs once more, he inhaled sharply and started coughing hard, groaning a harsh curse when I heard a particularly vicious pop. I grabbed his hands and held them down, having to use quite a bit of my Shifter strength to keep him from knocking Antonio away from his work, but I kept my face directly over his and pressed my Shifter soothing power into him.

He calmed some, staring up at me and muttering breathlessly, "Elder f**king air Elemental."

I nodded, and my lips pinched as he grimaced. Apparently not just his ribs were broken, because Antonio moved down his body. "Yes, you can kick his ass once you can walk again."

Ezra blinked slowly. "I suppose you're correct." Another slow blink. "Walking would probably be the minimum requirement for kicking someone's ass." He jerked at something Antonio did, but he didn't try to fight my hold. Then, amazingly, he chuckled a little, sounding drunk. "Did you give me mouth-to-mouth?" He licked his now red lips. "Yes, I believe you did." His resulting grin was sloppy, his words slurred. "Can you do it again while I'm coherent?"

None of the Elders was really moving to stand. In fact, Elder Zeller still appeared to be out. He appeared badly injured, but if he wasn't dead, his unconsciousness was a blessing.

I met my husband's gaze. "Shh. Don't talk." I glanced back to Antonio. He had dried blood down the side of his cheek, but other than that, he didn't appear to be harmed. "I think Ezra may have something wrong with his head. Possibly a concussion."

"He'll be fine in a few minutes, if it's only that," Antonio muttered, eyes on his work. "And besides, he's talking and awake, unlike his father, who I need to check on."

"What's the matter with my dad?" Ezra griped loudly, sounding a bit better.

I sighed when Antonio moved to Cahal. I started feeling over Ezra's head, making sure his skull wasn't depressed anywhere. Just because I couldn't smell any blood on him, it didn't mean he wasn't injured there. "Antonio's fixing him up. Don't worry."

I paused in my exploration of his head when I heard his Vampire make a definite purring sound. "That feels good." He tilted his head more into my hold. "And the view's even better."

I glanced down, then I slapped my hand over his mouth. He was staring at my br**sts. "Good grief." Damn concussion.

"You're going to have to give me mouth-to-mouth again if you suffocate me," his voice was muffled behind my hand, then I felt his lips curl against my palm, "Never mind. Suffocate me."

Unbidden, a chuckle escaped. "You're un-freaking-believable." I removed my hand from his mouth. He looked kind of adorable lying there with a silly grin on his face. "Try to be quiet."

"I'll be as quiet as you want me to be," he purred.

Sighing in amused exasperation, I moved away to check Elder Jacobs.

Elder Merrick and I glanced at one another, then we jumped. Our strength allowed us to reach and grip a slight ridge two stories up. The building wasn't large, appearing like a concrete commercial structure, and said concrete bit into my fingers as I grappled for a hold, my feet dangling in the night air. Gritting my teeth, I dug in, letting my wolf's nails slice through my fingers for the added anchor. Swinging a leg up, I hooked it over the ridge and carefully maneuvered until I was standing on the rough, decorative edging, my heels the only thing on the ridge, my back against the wall. Another glance at Elder Merrick once he was situated, and we both bent carefully then jumped straight up again, twisting in midair to grip the edge of the top of the four-story building and, as before, hooking one leg over the edge so that we lifted over it and both of us were flat on the roof of the building.

Scanning the top of the building, I pointed to the right and Elder Merrick pointed to the left. And we both pounced, taking our knives from their sheaths and attacking the Coms on top of the building who stood watch. Hell, the Coms didn't even have time to pull their guns. Five necks were sliced, no screams, in a matter of ten seconds. A small smile lifted my lips as I wiped my knife on the leg of my soft black leather pants before resheathing it.

"You really do enjoy this, don't you?" Elder Merrick muttered.

"Don't you?"

He growled a bit, but eventually I saw the same smile grace his face. "We're wolves."

"If that's what you need to tell yourself...then you're in denial." I started walking to the edge of the building. "I can honestly say that this is a perfectly legal way to vent my anger." A glance at him. "What's your honest excuse?"

He ignored me, staring out into the night. His eyes flashed twice into the dark night. Two green flashes were returned from a hundred yards away in the shadows of the few trees decorating the field this structure was built on. Message sent: We had taken the roof and were moving inside. Message received and returned: Elder Zeller and Ezra would be waiting at the east entrance for entry.

Antonio was at the north end, using his power to run interference on their security system. Elder Jacobs was to the south, creating a small wind disturbance, nothing major or unnatural, just enough to distract the small number of guards who had been circulating the premises. No one had kicked his ass yet. I was pretty sure Ezra was waiting until after the mission was through, so Elder Jacobs was able to do his part.

Knowing Antonio had the security system in hand, I jerked open the massive steel door, easily breaking its locks, the steel handle crushing under my grip. We moved inside quietly down the stairs to the first floor. I could hear Coms throughout the building, but they could wait until we let in Ezra and Elder Cahal. Exiting the stairwell, I quickly slit the throat of a Com who had the misfortune to be walking by, dragging her body into the stairwell and stuffing her in the corner under the stairs. We glided against the walls until we arrived at any corners, following the layout we had memorized. Elder Merrick silently took out two more Coms while I took out the other two standing post at the east entrance. Elder Merrick opened the office door behind them, taking out the three techies there, then tossed the bodies littering the floor into that room while I swiftly unlocked and opened the door for Ezra and Elder Zeller. They both entered silently, their nostrils flared, eyes intent, and faces as serious as Elder Merrick's and mine, while I lifted and tossed the bodies they had taken care of outside the entrance into that same office. I left the door unlocked for Antonio and Elder Jacobs to enter, which should be precisely in...a glance at my watch... "Ten minutes until Antonio and Elder Jacobs arrive."

One nod by all, then we moved to exterminate.

Elder Cahal was taking the fourth floor, Ezra the third, Elder Merrick was taking the second with later help from Elder Cahal and Ezra thanks to their speed, while I took the back half of the first floor. The front section we would all do together in ten minutes.

Entering the back half of the first floor, I came to a halt. "Well, shit." From our intel, the back half was supposed to be mainly offices, a few labs, and another computer center...but it wasn't.

With drying blood all over me, I waved my gloved hand, waggling my fingers at the, at least, forty Coms in lab coats who all slowly stopped working at their sterile workstations lining the area. The room reminded me of a large steel cage, a continuous steel desk rimming the room for their computers and microscopes and other miscellaneous medical equipment, the names of which I was completely ignorant of.

"Hello, everyone." I didn't think lying was an option, appearing as I did, so I told the truth. "I've come to kill you all. It would be much easier if you would kindly stand still."

Predictably, they didn't listen, but my little distraction gave me time to grab my weapons. I had been in worse situations this past year, much worse, but still, forty against one was pushing it. I knew I wasn't going to make it out unscathed, that was for damn sure, especially with no place to really hide, and the small fact that even though these Coms were obviously scientists, it didn't stop each and every one of them from pulling weapons from their person, hidden under their lab coats.

I cracked my neck and instantly jumped to the first few, right as they started firing at me. "Your deaths," I shot three, jumped again, "would be much easier," shot two more, "if you would just stand," I kicked a wheeled chair at one while killing three more, "still, dammit."

I felt the agonizing burn slice through my left shoulder, knowing I had been hit, and I growled, firing at will while using a Com's dead body as a shield. Dropped him, then flew through the air again, grabbed a long light fixture hanging from the ceiling, and fired from above before flipping and landing in a crouch to continue firing. Another bullet sliced my right calf, and my wolf huffed as I spun and took that bitch down. And I most certainly didn't appreciate the damn silver knife that was jabbed into my right thigh, slowing me down. That person quickly ate one of my bullets, then became a shield as I held his bloody body against me while I backed up and continually fired. Now, the bullet I took to my right hip from a f**ker hiding under a few of those wheeled chairs really pissed me off, because it stayed inside me, hindering me even further. And that was when the cavalry arrived, thank God, the Vampires most definitely being able to hear all the gunfire. Too bad there were only eight Coms left now, instead of the forty.

When Elder Zeller and Ezra quickly took care of those, I held up a hand, pointing at the hiding puissant. "Don't hurt that f**ker." I dropped my body shield, wavering on my feet. "He's mine."

Ezra blurred to my side, his eyes glowing fiercely, expression furious as he jerked the knife from my thigh. I grunted, teetering further, and he quickly lifted my arm that hadn't been shot, placing it around his neck, holding me up. He peered at his dad, who had the lone survivor - my kill - restrained on the ground by easily placing his gun at his head, and Ezra shouted, "Who the f**k did the intel on this place?" He waved a hand around the room, which was splattered with blood and littered with bodies, even as Elder Merrick and Antonio and Elder Jacobs arrived. "This sure as f**k isn't a one person hit."

I patted his chest, my vision beginning to blur. "Don't yell. It's hurting my ears." My head tipped in Antonio's direction. "A little help, please? I'm bleeding all over the place." The wounds from silver bullets and knives, dammit, didn't heal quiet as quickly. "And one bullet's stuck."

Ezra's Vampire growled, and he swiftly lifted me off my feet, blurring to Antonio's side.

Antonio quickly asked, "Where is it?"

"Right hip," I stated through gritted teeth, shaking my head to clear my vision. "That f**ker over there hid and shot me."

"It's always the coward that gets the lucky shot," Elder Merrick muttered, slicing into the side of my pants where the bullet hole was, and since Ezra wasn't setting me on my feet, he and Antonio worked in unison.

I yelled a nasty curse when Elder Merrick sliced my leg open a bit more to allow Antonio to use his magic to pull the bullet out, but in the next second I felt instant serenity transfuse my system, and I sighed, my body relaxing as I glanced up at Ezra. "Thank you."

He grunted, nostrils flared as he stared at what they were doing to my thigh.

My head thumped against his shoulder. Stayed there. "Go figure, now you're quiet."

Elder Jacobs was surveying my handiwork. "Not bad."

"Well," I waved a wobbly hand, "you know, I asked them nicely to stand still while I killed them," Elder Merrick chuckled hard, glancing at me, "but they wouldn't cooperate, so I got inventive." I tipped my head back, staring at the ceiling. "Thank God I don't weigh much." I pointed at the industrial lighting fixtures. "I swung like a monkey from one of those."

A bit woozy from blood loss, I still leaned heavily against Ezra's side, since the damn Vamp wasn't letting me go even though Antonio had fixed all my wounds. And now I stared down at the coward that had shot me. "How would you prefer to die?" I tilted my head when he stayed silent as he sat on a chair, sweat covering his face. "I really don't like getting shot by little pissants hiding while others fight." My wolf growled as I debated my options.

"You need to hurry this up, Lil," Antonio checked his watch, "The spell I put on the others at the front will wear off soon."

Ah. I had wondered why no other Coms had come running at the sound of gunfire. I patted my leg with my gun, then I paused, a slow, feral grin etching my face. "I do believe you deserve a humiliating death for your humiliating behavior." I tsked him. "You really shouldn't have shot me like that." I patted Ezra's arm around my waist. "Let go."

He grunted, still quiet, but did as I asked. Hovered. I glared at him for a second, but he didn't back away. Sighing, I turned my attention back to the Com. Lifted a single finger, letting my power ripple down into it, watching him tremble as he stared at it. Quietly, I murmured, "Oh, you'll love the ride, but not the landing." I touched him.

He stilled instantly, then he bowed so hard he fell to the ground. Quickly, I put a knee to his chest, keeping my finger on his forehead as he thrashed, eyes hooded, while a shout of pleasure erupted from his lips.

Tilting my head, I smiled down at him, baring my teeth and whispering softly, "Amazing, isn't it?" I bent close to his face. "Everyone here is going to see you cum...because you won't be able to stop it...then I'll put a bullet through your brain."

My eyes glowed as his eyes darted to everyone standing around us, even as he trembled with desire. I shoved a heavy dose, instead of the little bit I was using, of my power down my arm to my finger. Directly into him. I watched with no expression as his breath caught and he shouted, instantly trying to grab me down onto him. Rearranging myself as he thrashed and moaned, I unsheathed two of my knives and stabbed his wandering hands to the ground, keeping grasping hands away. He didn't even seem to notice, his sweaty face etched with desire as he stared up at me, mouth wide on a keening cry.

"About there." I removed my gun from its holster and as soon as I felt his body jerk under me, his head tilting back as he shouted, I lifted my finger from his forehead as he came, releasing him from the power to see everyone around him during his intimate release. He choked, eyes wide on me as he spasmed under my legs. Bending to his face, I whispered, "Humiliating justice for the disgraced deed." I placed my gun to his head just as his chin started to tremble, his body still quaking. "Don't cry and shame yourself further." Panting, he swallowed hard, and by God, glared up at me. "Finally, some damn balls. Good for you."

I shot him dead.

Returning my gun to its holster, I jerked my knives from his staked palms, wiping them on my pants before resheathing them. Standing, I swayed a moment, but I steadied quickly enough from the blood loss I'd had at the hands of the dead man below me.

I stared at the men silently watching me with unreadable expressions. "What?" I blinked, turning my attention to Antonio. "It's not like I haven't done that before." I shrugged. "Or worse." Although, Antonio usually wasn't around while I did it.

He stared. "All those rumors I heard about your interrogations?"

My jaw seesawed. "Don't ask questions if you really don't want to know the answers."

Ezra's lips trembled, his eyes beginning to dance. "I might enjoy hearing about them." His head tilted to the side, a deep, soft chuckle escaping his lips. It sounded purely deviant, piquing my curiosity. "We could swap stories, if you'd like, Queen Ruckler. Possibly educate one another, since I also take care of our interrogations."

Instantly, I knew my eyes gleamed. "I wouldn't be opposed to that, King Zeller."

He nodded once. Date set. Morbid, yes, but highly enjoyable.

Quietly, Elder Merrick muttered, "Fucking hell."

"Frightening as f**k, more like," Elder Jacobs whispered, his eyes darting back and forth between us. "You don't even have to be told who raised them to know."

Elder Zeller only grunted, then he murmured, "Well, I guess you two have found some common ground." He waved a hand at the door. "But I believe we have unfinished business."

I sat the next fight out as per Antonio's instructions. I really didn't have a problem with that, feeling as I was, and I knew he was giving me a chance to go drink my fill on blood to recuperate. So I did just that, drinking on a Com who wasn't quiet dead yet. When I was full and able to walk properly without teetering, I moved to the front of the building where I could hear the last of the fighting.

It went fairly smoothly, everyone dead but our target. Ezra used his power to put the Com under a mind hold. Soon we were following the Com, who moved like a robot to the center of the building, where he took us through multiple key-coded access points, then to an elevator. We rode down silently then used the robot-like Com as a body shield when we exited the elevator into a room with ten armed Coms. They went down quickly, except for our next target, which Elder Zeller put under a mind hold, but this Com didn't have the access key we needed to get past the enormous rounded steel door that reminded me of a bank's vault. So Elder Jacobs whipped up some wind and blew the f**king thing in.

It got a bit hairy after that, with even more Coms in lab coats in the next room. The room was like a morgue for the Beasts, except that the Beasts were still alive, strapped to metal tables and drugged enough that they only lay there as we fought. A shot of pain erupted against my palm as I shoved off one of the tables when I kicked a Com in the head, and I grunted, staring at the table for a moment as I tried to wipe the Com's brain from my boot. I blinked, then I shouted, "Don't touch the tables. They're pure silver!" No wonder the Beasts were just lying there.

Antonio shouted across the expanse of the sterile room, and I turned even as I used one of my Cizanos to slice off the head of a Com sneaking up on me. Three Coms had him pinned to a table, effectively cutting off his power, making him fight three on one even as the silver affected him. He managed to incapacitate two of them, but the third grabbed one of his knives. Quickly, I lifted my gun, but the Com still jabbed the knife into the side of his neck. I fired, already running toward him, my body trembling in fury as I roared my anger.

Elder Zeller blurred past me, and I fired at all Coms between us and Antonio's falling form. A Com got past me, but I saw Ezra race after him, killing him before he could hit a button on the wall. None of that really mattered though, as I came to a stop, skidding on the blood on the tiled floor and falling to my knees next to Elder Zeller, who had caught Antonio before he hit the ground. Eyes darting to Elder Zeller, who also looked panicked staring down at Antonio, I asked, "Do I take it out or leave it in?" Antonio was wheezing, but he was still breathing. "I don't know if he can heal himself."

Antonio tried to speak, but only odd sounds came out and Elder Zeller didn't answer me.

Growling, I stared into Antonio's eyes. "One blink for yes, two for no. Should I remove it?" Two blinks. I stared at the hilt of the knife, but I couldn't see the blade. "Is it one of your silver knives?" One blink. "Shit." The sounds of fighting were beginning to decrease around us, and I placed my hands on Antonio. "Can you flash to camp?" Two blinks. "If I leave now with you, will you make it there alive?" No blinks. He didn't know. "That's better than no. Time to go."

I yanked him from Elder Zeller's grip, and Antonio instantly started trembling, which meant Elder Zeller had been giving him peace. I substituted it the best way I could, pouring soothing Shifter power into him, and his shaking decreased a bit. Holding him tight in my arms, I juggled him for a moment then stood. The fighting was done, thank God.

"I'm leaving now," I shouted, already beginning to walk to the exit. "I'll be taking the SUV, so you'll have to find your own ride back." Elder Merrick's and Elder Jacobs's eyes were enormous on their faces, and Ezra's face was carefully blank, as they saw the knife sticking out of Antonio's throat. "Blow the place up good, gentlemen." I raced to the open elevator.

I growled when Elder Zeller blurred inside its confines with me. "What the f**k are you doing?" It was going to be a ten mile race to the SUV. Elder Zeller was huge for a Vampire, and faster than shit, but he didn't have my strength to carry Antonio for that length of distance.

He hit the button to close the elevator doors. "I'll keep anyone still living off you, help you get out the front gate, then I'll give him peace while you drive."

Chest heaving, I nodded. "All right. We'll keep him alive together." My attention swung down to Antonio, lighting his face blue, my eyes glowing and unable to stop. "You won't die." I held him tighter and kissed his cheek.

Chapter Twelve

Worn the f**k out, relief and fatigue making my very bones weary, I wasn't in the mood to see anyone sitting on my couch, even my husband, who was wearing only a pair of black mesh athletic pants, his chest bare, and reading one of my classic books from the nightstand in my bedroom. I glared at his dirt-free bare feet on my coffee table, then at his wet, clean hair on his head, not spiked but lying messily, and then at his green eyes that lifted from the worn pages. "Ezra, not now. I'm ready to drop." Hell, I couldn't even enjoy the show of all that bare flesh.

He nodded, closing the book and placing it on the couch next to his thigh. "I assumed as much." Lowering his feet to the rug, he stood, walking to me, and placed a gentle hand on Isa where I held her in my arms. "I'll watch her while you shower."

Isa, fully awake even though it was the dead of night, wiggled in my arms, gurgling at Ezra. She stretched her arms to him, clenching and unclenching her tiny fists. Sighing in defeat, and also respite, I handed her over. "I won't be long. Thank you." He followed me into my bedroom. "If you could, try to get her to go to sleep."

He nodded, heading straight for my bed. "Elder Farrar's okay?"

"Yes," I exhaled heavily, feeling dizzy with relief, "Bindi was able to heal him and Elder Zeller was helping him back to his tent the last time I saw him." Thank God. Now he would live another day for me to yell at and pretend that I didn't love him. Turning to my dresser, I asked, "Did you make fireworks happen?"

"Oh, yes," Ezra chuckled quietly, lying down on my bed and pulling the pink and silver afghan over Isa. "It was spectacular to behold. The whole night sky lit up beautifully." He cradled Isa's head, running his thumb back and forth over her cheek softly. "Elder Jacobs may have shit for control where his power is concerned, but he knows explosives."

Grabbing the grey t-shirt and a pair of red and blue socks, I headed for the bathroom. "I wish I could have seen it, but instead I was running ten f**king miles with a dying Antonio in my arms." I sighed, opening the flap to the bathroom. "Life's shit, you know?"

He was quiet, his eyes meeting mine. "Yes, I know. But they are throwing a party tomorrow night for victory today." I couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of attending a party, and his lips lifted, glancing at the bathroom. "Take your time in there. I've got it handled out here."

Glancing to Isa, I shook my head. Her baby eyes were already closing from lying next to his heat and his gentle petting. "Unbelievable and much appreciated."

I took my shower.

It was long.

When I was done washing away the blood and grime, I entered my bedroom, yawning, and asked Ezra to leave. He did as requested, but before leaving he glanced at me. Penetrating green eyes stared back at me, dead and cold like mine, but maybe with a bit of spark, also like mine, that hadn't been there a few days ago. His gaze was resolute and merciless.

I was his.

And he was mine.

Whether we truly wanted it or not.

Leave it to Antonio to bamboozle me into going to a damn party. I was not a social butterfly.

"This is ridiculous," I muttered, staring down at my attire. Which wasn't much. "Don't tell me you're one of those men who think I need to get laid." I had already gotten laid, and it had been nice. Apparently, he didn't know this yet.

Antonio's lips twitched. "I've said it to you before, and I'll say it again. Sometimes a little sensual pleasure helps when you're hurting up here." He tapped my forehead, then he waggled his finger. "Only a little, of course. Not that...spree...you dove into after Dominic died."

"You know, Antonio, some would think it odd you're always pushing me to have sex." Another glance at my attire. "And dressing me in barely nothing."

Again his lips twitched. "You look beautiful."

I stared, then I pointed at my br**sts. "I'm wearing a damn scarf around my chest, and even though I'm not large breasted, somehow the thing barely covers me." A point to my lower section. "And I'm not entirely positive this certifies as a skirt."

Elder Merrick's gravelly laugh sounded behind me, and I abruptly turned so I could see both of them, not knowing he was there. Navy eyes roamed over me, and he cleared his throat, stating, "If you want sex, that outfit will give you a definite outcome." He bent, asking at my ear, "Would you care to dance?"

I crossed my arms, ice entering my tone. "No, I don't believe I would." I turned my glare on Antonio. "I'm here, dressed in the outfit - if you can call it that - that you chose." I scowled down my nose at him. "I don't have to dance."

Antonio appeared mighty amused. "I'll make you a deal." I didn't even blink as he glanced around the bonfire where we stood, Mysticals dancing under the stars by the heat of the fire, the music hypnotic, the dancing sensual. "If I dance with someone of your choosing, you'll dance with someone I pick."

Well, well. My mind lit on all kinds of naughty things to do to him. "Promise?"

He instantly stilled, so I quickly blanked my expression. Though Elder Merrick didn't help by chuckling. Antonio straightened his shoulders, swallowed, then stated, "I promise."

My lips lifted evilly on their own accord, and I instantly started scanning the masses. The deal was that he would have to dance for me to have to dance. Tapping my bottom lip, I hummed softly, standing on tiptoe and glancing from individual to individual, discarding most and keeping others in mind...but...oh.

I pointed covertly, saying quietly, "You'll dance with Elder Zeller." I grinned as Antonio went absolutely still next to me, a devious chuckle rumbling from my chest. "Good luck with that." I patted his back pacifyingly. "And boy, listen to that beat. Sounds like sex to me. Imagine you two manly men out there, dancing to this." More patting of his back. "Not that it'll happen."

Elder Merrick made a choking noise in his throat, then he laughed outright.

Antonio muttered a curse under his breath. Scowled. "You think I won't?"

My smile was pure vindication. "No." A pause. "And he won't."

Antonio growled quietly then peered back to Elder Zeller, who was busy talking to a pretty Vampire, the woman appearing absolutely enthralled by his attention. Antonio muttered another curse, but straightened his shoulders, running his hands down the white linen shirt he wore. "I can do this."

I hummed. "No, you can't." I shrugged when he glared at me. "You made the deal."

Antonio glared a moment longer, then he ran a hand through his golden hair. My jaw dropped when, with one last glare in my direction then in Elder Merrick's, he firmly started marching toward Elder Zeller.

I sputtered, waggling my finger at his back, and finally blurted, "Elder Zeller will kick his ass for even asking."

Elder Merrick tossed an arm over my shoulders. "Queen Ruckler, one of the things you obviously don't know about your dad is that once he makes a decision, a deal, he doesn't back down." He gently closed my gaping jaw while I stared at Antonio. "You never know. Zeller may not kick his ass for only asking."

I growled softly, gauging intently, my protective nature coming to the fore as I watched Antonio interrupt Elder Zeller's conversation. Antonio said something to the Vampire woman, then maneuvered himself between her and Elder Zeller, completely ignoring her look of frustrated disappointment as she stormed away. I couldn't hear what Antonio said, but the firelight played over them, the bonfire burning high into the air, giving me the perfect view when Elder Zeller completely froze, staring at Antonio. Instinctively, I went to the balls of my feet, ready to spring at him if he so much as lifted his hand, but Elder Merrick's grip tightened over my shoulder, and he murmured, "Don't you dare. Remember who you are and who he is."

I growled, but waited...and damn near fainted when Antonio said something else and Elder Zeller's head jerked in a nod. This time, Elder Merrick's grip tightened on me to keep me standing as Antonio walked backward a few steps into the dancing horde, watching Elder Zeller as he followed. My finger pointed, no sound coming from my mouth when Elder Zeller's hand went to the back of Antonio's nape, and Antonio's hands went to Elder Zeller's hips, their bodies flush against each other's.

Hard chests were rubbing, strong thighs were intermingled, and bits in between those two areas that I didn't associate with the man I considered my dad were pressed to another man's as they started gyrating to the drums, flute, and guitar. A gypsy's beat.

"Breathe," Elder Merrick whispered, softly grabbing my pointing finger and lowering it.

"But...but...I..." I shook my head, trying to understand, unable to take my eyes away from their very leisured, sensual movements, their h*ps softly rolling and chests gliding in the firelight. "I...that..." I peered up to their faces, and I went completely still. "Oh my God."

My finger waggled again. "That..." That wasn't faked. Their eyes were glued to each other's, sensuality barely masked. Antonio's hands were stroking up then down Cahal's sides, returning to his h*ps as Cahal's free hand slid up Antonio's arm, over his shoulder, caressed down his back, and eventually gripped one of Antonio's h*ps while they slid their bodies against each other. "My dad's g*y?"

Ezra was suddenly standing on the other side of me, bringing a breeze with him, his eyes glued to where mine were. Sounding muddled, he rumbled, "What. The. Fuck?"

"How the hell did I get put in this position?" Elder Merrick muttered to himself, then, sighing heavily and sounding amused and exasperated while we stared in dumbstruck shock at our dads, he explained patiently, "Farrar is into men. I've never actually seen him with a female, but I'm still not sure if he's into them. His mate's name was Lindsey, a man. Zeller is bisexual. His mate's name was Vivian, a woman, but his partners before her were both females and males."

Both Ezra and I made gurgling sounds in our throats.

Elder Merrick stated, "You two know we live very long lives. Mysticals enjoying the same sex shouldn't be a surprise to you."

Again, we gurgled.

They were our dads. Antonio had sure as f**k never given any indication he was possibly only into men, and I was guessing by Ezra's shock that Elder Zeller hadn't mentioned his bisexuality. We were both being told by watching them grind against each other.

What a way to f**king tell us.

Finally, comprehension dawned, and I whispered, "He tricked me."

Elder Merrick chuckled, patting my shoulder. "Yes, he did." He left Ezra and me alone.

My nostrils flared, and I glanced at Ezra, whose jaw was still gaping. "Would you like to dance?" Antonio was sure as f**k not going to pick my partner after duping me. Though I was pretty sure he would have picked Ezra anyway.

Ezra's jaw moved up and down, still staring at them.

Growling quietly, I moved in front of him, trying to grab his attention. "King Zeller, would you care to dance?" And yes, I would have much preferred to dance with him over anyone else.

His eyes darted down to me, started to lift back to our dads, but then slammed back to me. He went predatory still as his green eyes instantly hooded while they roved my body. Long moments passed in silence as he looked his fill, then in a voice deeper than normal he ordered, "Tell me you just asked me to dance, Queen Ruckler." His eyes hadn't even lifted to mine yet, still slowly painting my flesh with his heating gaze. "If you didn't, you don't have a choice. You are going to dance with me."

My eyebrows rose, and I placed my hands on my hips...maybe pushing my chest out a little, finding myself enjoying his appreciative gaze. "I didn't realize you were making my choices for me." I glanced to the left, pointing vaguely. "Perhaps, I'll dance with-"

"No, you won't," he whispered on a mere breath, bending directly to my level and staring me in the eyes. "Not in that outfit. Not tonight." His Vampire growled softly, the barest noise, but it was enough to make me shiver at his dominance, the pure fortitude in his gaze, his imposing presence. "No, in that outfit, tonight, you'll be dancing only with me."

Nostrils flaring as I breathed in heavily, scenting him, I managed a decent scowl. "I actually did ask you first, so I'll dance with you."

Ezra's lips lifted into the ultimate of confident smiles. "You would have anyway."

No words. I had no words as I followed him into the dancing fray. And I did follow him.

I followed until my body was pressed against his, the silk of his black shirt gliding across my flesh. I pressed harder, his heat making me tremble. The waist-high slit of my black satin skirt allowed our legs to intertwine, his warmed thigh muscle pressing between my legs, his other thigh like protection against my leg that was bared. Breath hitching, I swallowed hard, tilting my head back to stare into his gaze that fanned the flame inside me just as much as his body did.

And we began to move.

It felt like coming home.

Ezra and I were uncannily in sync as the carnal melody directed our movements, instructed us to feel one another. Our bodies slid against one another as if they had known each other forever, a natural, soul-churning extension of the other. Biting the side of my bottom lip, I dared touch him with my hands, unable to stop the action, wanting, needing to feel him. Placing them hesitantly on his hard stomach, I watched as I ran them up his abdomen, over his ribs, up the strong curves of his pecs, feeling his muscles quiver and tighten from the strokes until I rested them against the curve of his nape. Breathing hard once, I held tight and peered up into his eyes, shivering as his hands landed on my hips, his fingers spreading wide to encompass more of me, his eyes taking the rest.

And we danced.

Free to touch each other under the moon and stars, firelight slipping over us. Allured by our passions and unhindered by our society to do as we wished.

We danced.

Chapter Thirteen

My soul actually felt...warm.

After hours - many hours - of dancing with Ezra, he had walked me to my tent, but when he had come inside he clearly read it on my face after he asked to stay the night. I hadn't been ready to have another night with him yet. Although, I had explained to him when a look of barely banked frustration had passed over his features, I only wanted to think about it for the evening, think it through rationally and not make the decision when my hormones were raging. Because they had been. Practically howling for me to wrench the sexy-as-hell Vampire into my bedroom and let both of us ravish one another, do as we plainly wanted. Our eyes were damn near glowing with need. Ezra had stood frozen for a good minute after my explanation then, with the barest of nods, left my tent without having to be asked.

Now in the early morning light, my soul was warmed. That was not normal. No, I was in no way 'normal', but I had found a semblance of peace. My husband was making me...happy.

And I wasn't going to let a bogus Law keep me from happiness. I wasn't going to live in fear of it anymore. This time, I would do it right. Even if I was sticking my middle finger up at the Law, I wasn't going to be clumsy enough to be caught again. So extreme secrecy, utter discretion as Ezra had stated, would be a must. I truly believed both of us to be jaded enough individuals to pull it off, no one better suited to do so.

Pouring two cups of coffee in to-go cups, I actually felt their warmth against my palms as I exited the red tent and headed toward Antonio's. In fact, I felt the cool breeze whipping through my coat, reminding me that winter wasn't too far off, although the wind didn't currently bother me, Mysticals able to handle colder climates better than Coms. Hell, I even noticed the Mysticals around me rather than being completely oblivious to them when I knew no danger lurked close by.

A breeze brushed my hair forward, instead of backward as it had been doing on my trek, so I murmured, "Good morning, King Zeller." Nostrils flaring, I grinned. "Are you stoned again, or is that the remnants of a bender?"

"Good morning to you, too, Queen Ruckler." Ezra stepped up beside me, his dark silver robe billowing out behind him, his black and red hair spiked to perfection as he smoked a cigarette, attention forward to where we walked. "As for my sobriety, there was this most sensual woman I danced with all evening that teased and taunted me until she had me so worked up, it was either get stoned, have sex with someone else, or beat the living shit out of someone when she turned me down." His lips quirked around his cigarette, taking a drag. "So, to answer your question, what you're scenting is from last night since I chose option A, and I'm now sober." He blew the smoke high above our heads as he paused for a long moment. "Now that I have answered your question, will you be so kind as to answer mine from last night?"

I stated simply, "The answer's yes."

He stilled for a moment, and I kept walking.

A few beats later, he was walking by my side again. "Of course it is."

I chuckled quietly. "Your arrogance is astounding."

He shrugged a shoulder, taking another drag. "If you had said no, I would have found a way to make you say yes." His smoke blew up and away. "And you know it."

Possibly, but I wasn't going to tell him that. "The girls must have been falling all over themselves for you growing up. I bet all you had to say was," I deepened my voice, "You, girl! Yes, you. Please me." I grunted. "Now!" I paused. "Ahh, that's nice. Now, be gone with you!"

Ezra choked on his inhale, coughing hard, then his laughter boomed loud and clear.

I watched him from the corner of my eye, a tiny smile gracing my features. "It's a sad day when you know you're right."

Ezra continued chuckling, his eyes squinting at the corners as he peered down at me. "It was a bit longer than 'ahh, that's nice'." He grinned. "I believe they said that a few times before I did." He tilted his head back toward the sky, staring at it, quiet. "Life isn't shit right now."

"No, it's not," I said softly, my soul warmed.

He sighed and glanced to where we were walking. "Where are we going?"

"Antonio's," I murmured. I lifted the coffee cups in my hands. "I'm going bearing gifts, so when I yell at him for keeping me in the dark for so long, he won't be grumpy."

"Ah," Ezra chuckled, "coffee, so you can bawl him out and he'll stay silent." His head tilted back and forth. "Nice tactic."

"Thank you." I pointed at Antonio's tent. "That's my stop."

Ezra flicked his cigarette. "Do you mind if I go with you? I have a few questions about my dad I'd like to ask him."

My lips trembled, and I couldn't stop the grin. "Too afraid to ask Daddy Zeller?"

Ezra rubbed the back of his neck, but he didn't flinch from my gaze. "I figured I could have some background information before I actually speak with him."

My grin didn't die. Men will be men. "Sure. You can come with me."

Ezra nodded, looking only vaguely uncomfortable. "Thank you."

I snorted, trekking the final steps to Antonio's tent. "Don't thank me. Thank him - if he rats out your dad." I glanced at Ezra then at the tent flap I opened. "Good luck on that front."

The structure to Antonio's tent was exactly like mine: the same placing of furniture, and the same privacy spells, too. But that's where the similarity ended. The entire inside was golden, except for a few streaks of black on the edges of his couch, chairs, and rugs. It was like walking into a solid gold bar. I heard Ezra groan in revulsion behind me, but it was like any other Mage 'home'. I felt halfway comfortable in here as long as I stayed away from anything that seemed to waver or float in the gold. I figured it was safer not to touch if I didn't know what it was.

Ezra opened the second flap for me, and we walked into the bedroom - also gold.

We both stopped in our tracks.

Staring, our eyes wide, the shock emanated from our statue-like forms.

Air puffed past my lips and my jaw bobbed. "Maybe we should have called first."

The head of short, black and red hair of the man closest to us popped up from a golden pillow where the man lay on his stomach, his face turned away, his bulging arm lying over Antonio's muscled chest and crooked at the elbow so his fingers threaded through Antonio's golden hair. His skin was dark, even compared to Antonio's bronzed skin, the golden sheet barely covering the two men where they needed to be covered since both were obviously naked, one leg of the man of the darker complexion dangling halfway off the bed.

It was Elder Zeller, Ezra's dad.

Lying in bed with Antonio, my dad.

Their clothes littered the floor.

Ezra made a choked sound.

Elder Zeller's head snapped in our direction, his dark eyes blinking sleepily. He woke fully, seeing us standing there. He stilled, not moving a damn muscle, nor breathing, an utterly blank expression on his face.

A half-hysterical chuckle escaped me, and I waved one of the coffee cups. "Good morning."

Ezra made that noise again.

Lord, just shoot me now, because that was when Antonio stirred. I watched wide-eyed as he stretched, groaning quietly, blinking his eyes open to Cahal. His lips lifted in a sated, tired smile before he ran his hand over Cahal's arm that lay on his chest, over his shoulder to the side of Cahal's face, cupping his cheek. "Good morning." Damn his eyes were sparkling as lovingly as his smile was.

Cahal finally breathed, his chest heaving, still with that blank expression, but ever so gradually he turned his face down to Antonio's, staring, before rumbling, "Morning." When Antonio's hand slid to the back of his head, he bent his head down and flat out kissed Antonio's lips very softly, a gentle touch - honestly, a bit reverently.

Ezra wobbled next to me.

I called loudly, "That's what I said."

I got to watch - for the first time ever - Antonio surprised and flustered.

At the sound of my voice, he jerked, banging his head against Cahal's - earning a grunt as their faces completely smashed together -then he made it worse by elbowing Cahal's head down into the pillow in an effort to sit up in bed, fumbling hastily with the sheet to cover Cahal. Then he took his own pillow and shoved it down on top of Cahal's already blanket-covered head.

Hilarity bubbled, my chest shaking, as Antonio finally peered in our direction, his chest heaving, his cheeks rosy red. His jaw moved...but no sound emitted. I pointed around one of the coffee cups. "You missed his leg." I waggled my finger. "It's hanging over the bed."

Ezra gurgled, turning to the side, his fist to his mouth and his eyes sparkling on me.

"Tony," Cahal rumbled from under the pillow, the sound muffled, his Vampire growling, "How f**king old are we? Did you seriously just hide me under a damn sheet and pillow?"

Ezra lost it then, slapping a hand on my shoulder, deep, hard chuckles filling the air.

Antonio raised a hand in my direction, cheeks still pink and his chest still heaving. "But...it's Lil."

Ezra and I watched the sheet thrash as Cahal tossed the pillow off his head and pulled the sheet down to his waist, rising onto an elbow, his back to us. "And my son!" He waved his hand in agitation. "Last night you said the room was spelled for only Lily, Isa, and me."

Antonio blinked, and peered over our heads at the tent flap. He stared. His lips twitched before he chuckled softly, shaking his head as he rubbed his forehead. "I gave access to the name Zeller." He glanced at Cahal, throwing an arm our way. "How the hell was I supposed to know your son was going to come back here?"

Cahal's Vampire growled, but when Antonio lifted an absent hand, his attention back to me, and flicked Cahal's forehead, the growling stopped. Antonio brushed Cahal's cheek once before letting his hand fall slack to the bed, saying, "Lil, do you want to talk about this?" He paused, his worried golden eyes darting over my face. "Are you confused or upset?" He inhaled heavily, his chest lowering and falling, and said rapidly, "This in no way means that I didn't love your mother. I did. But we were only friends."

I opened my mouth to say I had known he and my mother hadn't been an item to begin with, but I stilled when I watched Cahal touch Antonio's hand, resulting in Antonio's shoulders relaxing, his quick intakes of air slowing. I closed my mouth slowly, lips pinching as I examined how Antonio's thumb moved the slightest bit over Cahal's, gripping it.

I was seeing something I had never seen before with Antonio.

He loved Cahal.

It showed when he glanced down at him, his eyebrows pinching, allowing Cahal to see his private worry, before turning his attention back to me and asking softly, "Lil, are you all right?"

My wolf growled, and my eyes glowed fiercely as my attention snapped to Cahal, feeling all kinds of protective instincts rising to the fore, each battling to strike at the person who might harm who I felt was mine to defend. I stalked through the bedroom until I was staring down at Cahal. I pointed at him around the coffee and stated bluntly, "Since this whole scene never actually happened, I'm going to tell you right now that if you hurt him I will personally carve out your f**king heart and let my wolf feast on your corpse." My wolf growled furiously in agreement. "Do you f**king understand me?"

"Lily Ruckler!" Antonio barked, sounding surprised and pissed. "Apologize. Now!"

"I. Will. Not," I growled, bending so my face was right in front of Cahal's. "Answer me, dammit, because I am as serious as this f**king war."

Dark eyes stared an inch away, not flinching under my regard. "Have you drunk from those cups?"

I blinked at his question, wondering how the hell he hadn't gotten my point since I couldn't have been clearer. "Excuse me?"

"The cups," he stated slowly, like I was a halfwit. "Have you drunk from them yet?"

My wolf growled but, curious where this was going, I stated, "No."

"Good," he lifted one from my hand, took a sip, completely ignoring the fact I was still in his face, and peered to Antonio, holding the cup out to him. "I'd like for you to drink."

I went still. Understanding. Not sure how I understood, but again, it was part of that knowledge that remained between my memory voids. I quickly raised, moving back a step and slamming against Ezra, not even realizing he was behind me. "You..." I cleared my throat as Ezra steadied me. "You love him, too." This was a symbolic gesture of wooing, of love, normally done at weddings, but since this event 'never' happened, it couldn't be done in front of others, only us, their children, who would keep their mouths shut.

Cahal nodded once in answer, his eyes completely set on Antonio. "Tony...drink." Antonio stared between the cup and Cahal, a weary, almost scared hesitation that he tried to hide shining on his features, but it peaked only to quickly disappear. And I watched, silent, as Cahal's indifferent countenance cracked then completely crumbled, his expression plain as day, his love and adoration for Antonio shining through his eyes. "I'll never run again. I won't hurt you as I did before. I love you...and I've never stopped." Cahal's jaw clenched hard as he lifted the drink closer to Antonio. "Please, Tony. Trust me and drink."

I wasn't breathing, profoundly taken aback. My mind kind of...floated...at his heartfelt words, at his plea. I didn't completely understand the depths of it, but it was sincere and torn from somewhere deep inside him. I could tell it had cost him dearly to say, to put himself out there, by the way his heart rate galloped and his chest heaved, perspiration beginning to form on his forehead as he waited for Antonio's answer.

Ezra's heart rate wasn't doing much better, and I reached back with my free hand when he kind of tilted against me, and grabbed his hip, keeping him steady and damn near holding all his weight, his hands instantly gripping my shoulders for added support.

Ever so slowly, one of Antonio's hands began to lift. Hovered.

Lowered a bit as he stared at the cup.

Air shuddered past his lips, then he finished raising his hand to the cup and took a firm hold on it. "I love you, too. Even when you hurt me, I never stopped." Golden eyes touched and held Cahal's dark ones, his love vulnerably revealed in his expression, his gaze, and his act as he lifted the cup to his lips, staring at Cahal over the rim as he took a sip.

Cahal's chest shuddered, and he accepted the cup back from Antonio, taking another sip, grinning, his eyes appearing misty as he lowered the cup, then he rumbled quickly, "Ezra, you'll want to leave now."

I jerked as Cahal blurred, and suddenly the cup was on the nightstand, and Antonio was flat on his back on the mattress with Cahal over him...and yeah, I could see tongues moving together as their heads tilted, hands gripping each other's cheeks or hair or nape or wherever their hands were wandering. The only thing I think that kept Ezra standing was the fact that the sheet had luckily moved with them, again covering their lower sections. Cahal heaved in a breath, demanding against Antonio's mouth, "Queen Ruckler, get King Zeller out of here."

I physically jolted out of my shock, Ezra's body kind of moving with mine since he was lying against me so heavily, and I quickly averted my gaze from them, muttering, "Right. Right. We're leaving." I turned, literally lifting one of Ezra's large arms over my shoulders, and started dragging him out as Antonio began to glow a little, which I somehow knew - this knowledge weirded me out a bit since it was from my voids - it meant he was becoming turned on, a Mage's telltale of arousal. Yep, I hastened my way through the room, tugging Ezra and kicking a couple of empty orange juice bottles - didn't want to know - out of our path.

As soon as we brushed past the tent flap to the front room and it closed behind us, any sounds - good Lord - of our dads doing their thing abruptly cut off with the privacy spell. After debating my options, there weren't many since we couldn't go outside like this, I dumped Ezra's half-slack form on the golden couch.

Taking one good look at his face told me he was close to passing out, so I placed the other coffee cup in his hands. "Ezra, you need to drink this. A little caffeine will help to clear your head." He lifted it methodically, green eyes staring off into nothing as he took a few gulps. It had to burn his throat, but he didn't even flinch. "Alrighty. How about a smoke, too?"

When no answer was made, I started digging through his pockets, finally finding them in the inside pocket of his robe, which I hadn't even known was there. I took one out and placed it between his lips, flicking his lighter, the flame bright in front of his face. "Here you go."

He tilted his head slightly, uncannily meeting the flame with the end of his cigarette - even as he still stared off into nothing - pulling so the end lit.

I found an empty glass for him to ash in and sat on the coffee table directly in front of him, babbling about nothing in particular and periodically ordering him to ash or drink, which he did when told.

Eventually, he interrupted my ramblings with a grunt, still staring over my shoulder, and said with perplexity, "That, I never would have expected in a million years."

I nodded once. "Me either."

He blinked.

Blinked again. "It also sounded as if this wasn't a new love, but my mom, my dad's mate, died only a little over a year ago, and I know this is the first time they've been together in the past year." Another blink. "They said they had never stopped loving each other."

Yeah, I had caught that.

He glanced at me, lifted the lighter from my hand and lit another cigarette, then stared back over my shoulder, his eyebrows puckered. "Does this mean he loved Elder Farrar while he was mated to my mom?"

My lips pinched, not really wanting to answer that one, but I ultimately sighed and began to explain the best way I knew how. "I've been mated before-"

"So have I."

"Well, being mated didn't stop you from loving your dad, did it?" I didn't think I needed to say anything else. Being mated didn't mean you lost all emotions for everyone. All it did was physically keep you sexually faithful to your mate.

Ezra grunted. "Never in a million years..." He went completely still a second later, his heart rate doubling. "Wait. If they get married, then you and I..." His eyes rounded and he choked on his smoke. "Oh hell, maybe I can stop this somehow." He actually began lifting from the couch, his attention on the flap to Antonio's bedroom.

Using a quick hand, I shoved him back - hard - onto the couch, staring into his surprised, wide gaze. "Ezra, calm down. Antonio is like a dad to me. Not technically my dad. He never adopted me." I pointed between us. "We wouldn't be step-siblings." I patted the air. "Find your calm place and try to breathe."

Ezra stared. He breathed in heavily through his nose, then slowly out through his mouth. "I'm freaking out a bit." No shit. "I didn't expect this." No shit. "How are you so calm?"

I shrugged. "Antonio wasn't mated to my mom, so it's not so hard to take the news." Plus, I'm having to take care of you. "Your situation is a wee bit different."

He nodded instantly. "That's gotta be it." Arched eyebrows furrowed. "I have nothing against same-sex relationships, but I never expected..." He cleared his throat, running a hand over his face, then his eyes narrowed on me. "You aren't going to tell them I freaked out, are you?"

It was damn hard not to laugh. "Nope." Seriously, men will be men. "Scout's honor."

He grunted. "Now, that's f**king funny."

"I live to amuse." I slapped his knee as I stood. "We need to come up with our game plan for King Collins and Queen Cooper."

He peered at the bedroom tent flap. "They're probably going to be..."

"Busy," I muttered, grabbing his hand and hauling him to his feet. "Yay, for them."

Ezra suddenly appeared like himself as he appraised me. "Maybe they've got the right idea." He towered over me, and if I wasn't mistaken, peered down my shirt. "Getting busy sounds enjoyable."

I pointed a finger at the tip of his nose, whispering, "Discretion." I jabbed said finger against the tip of his nose a few times to make my point. "We need to think about the other King and Queen. We'll have plenty of time to get busy, just not today."

He tilted his head up...and bit my finger gently, licking over the tip with his tongue before releasing it. "I've got it." Slowly, he bent, nuzzling his face against my neck, his warm lips caressing my skin softly, barely breathing, "We'll be the very souls of discretion."

"Exactly," I sighed, leaning into the strokes. "Complete control over the situation."

He hummed quietly. "Exactly." He pressed his lips once more against my throat before straightening - I wobbled a tad - and smacked my ass none too gently, pushing me toward the tent flap to the outside. "Duty, then pleasure." A pause. "This is definitely one of those times I hate my position, because I would much rather be deciding what position to do."

I paused, grinning, before lifting the flap. "It'll give us something to look forward to."

"Yes," he purred. "Yes, it will."

Chapter Fourteen

We began our travel to King Mile in the dead of night.

I was driving my Hummer, and my nostrils kept twitching.

My wolf growled softly as I glanced in the rear-view mirror. I glared directly at Antonio on my back seat. "You two f**king reek!" They smelled so badly of the sated it was suffocating.

Ezra even had his window rolled down for the fresh air.

Antonio had the courtesy to blush. "Sorry, Lil."

Cahal merely grunted, grabbing my attention. "I'm not sorry. That was long overdue."

Antonio instantly amended, "Precious, I didn't mean that I'm sorry it happened."

Precious...fucking hell.

Cahal's smile was private as he gazed at Antonio. "I know, honey."

Honey...Jesus Christ.

They stared intimately into one another's eyes. They weren't sitting directly next to each other as Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs drove directly behind us, their headlights shining through the back windshield. But they were holding hands, their joined fingers resting on top of Isa's legs where she slept between them in her back-facing car seat. And...they stank so badly.

"Good God, quit looking at each other like that!" I grumbled, waggling a finger back between the seats. My wolf growled again. "There will be no funny business happening while we're in this car."

This time, it was Ezra who grunted - in complete agreement.

"I mean," I continued, completely exasperated, "did you two have to spend the entire damn day doing that?"

Antonio gave a satisfied grin as he altered his attention to me, staring into the rear-view mirror. "Yes, we did. Precious was right. It was a long time coming." He paused a moment when I scowled. "No pun intended."

My brows eventually puckered. "How long?"

Antonio's expression was patient on mine. "Cahal and I were together long ago. Until I became mated." His lips thinned and his gaze altered, lingering on Cahal. "We were in love. It's not a period of our lives we wish to rehash. It wasn't...pleasant...when it ended."

I rolled my shoulders, glancing backward and quickly appraising Cahal while Ezra stayed mute and appeared to be sniffing the air. Cahal was now staring out his dark window, his expression so damn blank that is was telling enough. I swiftly turned my attention to the road, and I nodded once in the silence. "Fair enough. I won't ask any more questions."

"Thank you," Antonio murmured quietly.

Ezra broke his stillness, abruptly turning to stare back at his dad. "I am going to ask."

Cahal slowly turned his gaze to his son. "I loved your mother."

Ezra grunted. "And him?"

A simple word. "Yes."

Ezra's Vampire gently growled. "The entire damn time?"

"Yes." He was quiet for a moment. Then he sighed, his words just as soft as he said, "Antonio is the love of my life, son. He always has been. He always will be. He is my soul mate."

Instant. Unforgiving. "Did Mom know?"

"No." And...there was no apology given.

Just as fast. "Did you treat her any poorer because of him?"

"Never. She was my mate. I loved her. You know that."

Ezra stared for a long moment, his nostrils flared. The silence was so heavy that I rolled down my own window for the rushing night air. Ezra continued eyeing his father before his attention, ever so gradually, swiveled to Antonio. His Vampire began hissing in slow ticks. "Do you feel the same way about my dad?"

Antonio answered coolly, "Yes. He is mine." He even glowed the smallest bit, lighting the Hummer with a subtle frigid radiance. "I've had to wait much longer for him without love."

"If you hurt him-"

"I won't," Antonio interjected, leaning forward. "Now, back off."

Ezra's Vampire didn't stop hissing, but he did ask, "Lily?"

"Truth to all. For both of them," I whispered, having heard the hidden pain not only in Antonio's voice, but in Cahal's as well. I sent a swift warning glance to my husband. "Do as he said. Back off." I couldn't imagine being in their situation, the internal torment they had both endured at knowing their agonized love for one another but not knowing if they would ever be together again.

At the direct order, Ezra shot me his own cross expression, but his regard swiftly turned back to his dad, his words curt. "You should have told me."

Cahal grunted. "Son...shut up."

"Does anyone else know about you two?"

Cahal sighed grandly. "Merrick knows. He's always known."

Antonio quit glowing and muttered, "Jacobs isn't unintelligent, either."

"Wonderful." Ezra's Vampire growled, but he finally turned to face the front. He was grumpy as hell, his arms even crossed like a scolded child, but he didn't pry further. Ezra was silent as he processed their information, just as I was wordlessly doing.

Antonio eventually cleared his throat, changing the subject. "Have you two decided how your introductions will go with Queen Cooper and King Collins?"

Drawn out of my thoughts, I snorted softly. "Nice code talk." I shook my head. "While you two were having your fun today, Ezra and I were trying to decide how to broach the subject." I hesitated. "We didn't come up with shit. The only thing we can think of is to give each of them a copy of the videos that we finished duplicating today, and let them figure it out." I mean, there was no easy way to handle an individual who had been mind raped.

Antonio hummed softly. "That might be the best way."

"It's the only way," Ezra clarified. "If they're like us, they'll want the blunt truth."

Cahal chuckled softly. "Just be careful. The truth can be just as dangerous as a lie."

Ezra grunted, glaring out his own window. "No shit, Dad."

Ignoring the hostility radiating from my husband again, my head cocked as I stared at the road ahead. "What...is that?" It looked like a darker-than-dark shadow on the side of the road.

Ezra instantly sat straighter, squinting out the front windshield. "It's a person in a black cloak. The hood is up. I can't tell if they are male or female." He leaned forward, everyone staring now. "This road was supposed to be cleared." Yes, our elite guard, along with Bindi, were driving a few miles ahead of us, making sure of this fact. A soft shake of his head. "Whoever it is, they're holding up a sign. It says," he paused, squinting further, "Queen Ruckler and King Zeller: stop."

"Uh...what the hell?" I was at a loss.

"Yeah," Ezra grumbled, resting back on his seat.

Antonio cleared his throat - loudly. "I would stop."

My eyes flicked to the rear-view. "It's odd."

His nostrils flared. "Exactly." He pointed his finger toward the stranger. "Do as I said, Lil."

My brows rose. I knew that tone. "What don't I know?"

Instant. "A lot." More finger-pointing. "Just stop the damn car." He paused. "Please."

I blinked at his plea. My foot instantly altered from the accelerator to the brake as I steered the Hummer to the side of the road the individual was on - almost on top of him/her. "Okay." Antonio didn't ever beg. This was out of character for him. "Is this a Mage thing?"

Antonio sighed heavily as we came to a complete stop a few feet away from the person, taking his seatbelt off, his words barely heard as he opened his car door. "When is it not?"

Turning the Hummer off, I glanced at Ezra. We didn't say anything, but we both had a gun ready as we unbuckled our seatbelts then stepped out of the vehicle. Behind us, Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs were already out of their car and walking toward us, their eyes glowing on the individual, whose cloak fluttered softly in the night breeze. Everyone was on high alert as we eyed the silent individual.

Except for Antonio.

I stood stock-still as he bounded forward. He started circling the person, his gaze running up and down their body with way too much excitement. His shoulders even bounced a few times. He seemed...giddy.

Cahal was instantly next to the silent individual, a gun in his hand. But he made no other move, just silently watching the person as Antonio did his little happy dance around the cloaked figure.

The stranger gradually started to lift their head...and the sweetest, softest, most feminine chuckle could be heard. A long, fire engine red curl fell out of the protectiveness of the black hood, laying gently across her cloak. Under the bright moonlight, I stared in silent fascination. It was a Com teenage girl. Maybe around thirteen years old. She was a real beauty: porcelain skin, dark brown eyes, and rose red lips. As she continued laughing gently, she merely watched Antonio as he circled her.

I cautiously stepped forward, being too damn careful for a Com teen. Her gaze altered to mine as I walked toward her. I kept my tone unruffled despite the oddity of the situation. "Who are you?"

She spoke so softly, I had to lean forward to hear. "My name is Julia."

Grinningly widely, Antonio twirled behind her and shot a fist into the air.

I blinked from him back to her. "Who are you, Julia?"

Calmly, she folded the sign in her hand and stuffed it into a pocket of her cloak. "For you, that is not important right now." She flicked a finger to Ezra as he stepped beside me, neither of us putting our guns away. "Though I do have something for you both."

Ezra grunted quietly. "That would be?"

Her words were a whisper. "The cure to your ache."

My entire body went still, my mind reeling at this Com. "Explain."

She rolled her eyes grandly. "Elder Harcourt found me exploring where I shouldn't have been, so I made a deal with him. Apparently, I'm now a courier." She chuckled quietly, a condescending sound. "And not for whom I originally came for. My deal with the Mage is that I would bring you what you seek." A long aggravated sigh. "He is way too big on himself. With timing - and many other issues."

Antonio snorted softly...then gently touched her shoulder, squeezing it.

Her gaze snapped to his. She wiggled her captured shoulder. "Do you mind?"

"Nope." Antonio studied where he held her. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Julia."

Another wiggle of her shoulder. "I did not give you permission to touch me. Let go." She paused for an extended moment. "Or I won't give them their gift."

Antonio released her, but he was still grinning like an idiot. "So sorry." Lie.

She huffed. "Please. I am no fool."

"No, you're not," Antonio murmured, then he continued his circling dance about her.

I waggled my gun in irritation. "What exactly are you talking about, child?"

With pure, haughty teenage attitude, her brows rose. "Are you deaf? I already said."

I stopped waggling my gun and just flat out pointed it at her head. "What ache?"

She didn't even look at my gun. She just rolled her eyes again. "Your memory wipe."

Absurdly, as the air rushed from my lungs, all I could think was that she needed a piece of gum. If she blew a large pink bubble and popped it right in my face it would fit with her blase attitude. And she apparently held the golden ticket: the cure to my insanity. My blink was gradual as I sucked air. "Excuse me?"

Julia shrugged a shoulder. "Elder Harcourt couldn't bring it here himself. Something to do with the Laws that bind him on judgments, plus he thought," a thumb-flick at Antonio and Cahal, "they might try to kill him. So he sent me."

Her brows puckered, and she tapped a finger on her bottom lip. "He said a lot of other crap." More finger-tapping, a soft hum. "Oh, yes. He driveled that once all four of you drink your vials the spell will be reversed - everyone's memories about the four Rulers and their past together back in place. All except the skirmish that got you here in the first place. No one who doesn't already remember that incident will recall it. And he wanted me to explain that it was when your biological father healed you that your tubes - which were magically tied - were fixed. The power your bio-father used to fix you was all-consuming on your wrecked body."

Her nose crinkled as she flicked a finger at my stomach. "The Mage also said that until you decide to have more children and purposely unspell them, the current state of your tied tubes will work just fine." Another nose scrunch, and she yawned wide. "He said, and I quote, the more the merrier."

My mouth bobbed like a damn fish. When I finally spoke, it was with a wheeze. "Elder Harcourt did this to us?"

She stared like I was an imbecile, then her dark gaze flicked to Ezra's frozen frame. Her brows rose, her lips twitching. "You hadn't told her you figured it out?"

Ezra glanced to me, his expression wisely void, then back to her. "I didn't want her getting hurt going after the most powerful Mage in the world." His tone turned absent. "And I enjoyed the games she played trying to acquire the information." His eyes slowly narrowed on her, his gun tapping against his leg. "Tell me, Julia, how is it that Elder f**king Harcourt trusts a mere Com youth with all of this valuable intel?"

She smiled. It was slow...and wicked. "No worries, Mr King. I won't tell." Truth. She waggled a red brow at him, then she flicked a finger at me. "You really should get her a book on all things Mystical. She should know the same shit as you, since she's...yanno, the Queen of her people." Her stare was pointed as I continued to blink, my gun slowly lowering back to my side. Eventually, she waved a bored hand when no one said anything else. "Anywho, since I need to be going, it's time for the vials." She started patting her cloak, in search of our redemption.

My hands started shaking, so I swiftly holstered my gun.

I watched as she continued to pat her cloak.

And still, I waited...until I finally shouted, "Did you f**king lose them?" My salvation had better not have been lost by a Com teenage brat. My wolf growled so damn loud it shook the air around us. "I will kill you if you did."

Her dark brown eyes peeked up at me from under her lashes. The most radiant smirk etched her beautiful features. "I'm just playing with you. Calm down." Oh. My. God. I was going to strangle the tiny bitch. She reached into her left cloak pocket and pulled out four vials that shimmered with golden, powered liquid in the darkness. "Here they-"

"Shut up," I hissed, lunging at her and stealing them. I held the vials close to my chest, my wolf huffing in contempt. "They're mine."

"Actually, only one is yours."

When I bared my teeth, Ezra took a step forward and pulled me away from her, my wolf shining through my eyes.

His words were a soft warning. "Julia, I would suggest you quit talking as Queen Ruckler stated."

"Yeah...the wolf seems pissed." She chuckled quietly, an evil gleam in her eyes. "I haven't even heard a word of gratitude for bringing her something she wants so badly."

Antonio snorted and stopped circling to bend, placing his face next to hers. "It's time for you to go away now, Julia. Elder Harcourt was right about timing. Yours is a smidge off." He had grinned like a fiend while he had threatened her. "You are still young yet."

"Fuck off." She glared with haughty air, sticking her nose up at him. "I'll leave when I wish, not when a Mage tells me to." Her eyes narrowed. "How is your new-found ache-"

Antonio slapped a hand over her mouth, all pretenses of humor gone, his eyes turning deathly cold in a heartbeat. His voice was choked in discomfort when he hissed, "Leave now. Or I will be the one to kill you."

In the silence, my wolf went quiet, hearing agony deeply seated in his tone.

Behind his hand, her voice was muffled as she growled, "Mage, oh Mage, be wary. Your own cockiness is blinding. Blank spots are not always as they appear...and sometimes, they are." She jerked her head away from him and abruptly turned on her heel, griping over her shoulder, "This is me, leaving of my own free will. When I wish it to be so."

His golden brows puckering, Antonio watched her back. "Goodbye, Julia."

She waved a jerky hand over her shoulder, her words still whisper soft. "Later."

I watched as her bare feet peeked out from under her cloak that whipped in the wind. Just as suddenly as she had appeared, she disappeared into the brush of the trees lining the two-lane road. My gaze gradually altered to Antonio where he still stared at the woods. "Antonio, what was she talking about? What new-found-"

"Shut it," Antonio instantly snapped, turning a sharp glare on me. He pointed a finger at the vials in my hand. "Drink up, kiddo."

I still stared. He had just gotten Cahal back in his life. He had no reason to be hurting. "What are blank spots?"

Antonio scowled, his gaze beginning to shine in the dimness.

Ezra grunted quietly, ignoring the searing menace from Antonio. "A blank spot is when a Mage cannot see certain occasions. It doesn't matter how powerful they are. They cannot see when they will meet their mate, a loved one's death, the act of sharing sexual intimacies with a partner, or their own death."

I blinked. "Oh." My lips thinned. "I think I do need one of those damn books the Com brat was talking about." I pointed a finger at Antonio. "So what blank spot do you have that's bothering you?"

"Enough," Antonio growled. He started marching right at me. "I cannot speak on it, which you know full well." He grabbed my hand that gripped the vials. "Drink yours."

My tone turned extremely soft. "I am sorry for everything you see...and don't see." My lips turned up in a bittersweet smile. "You're amazing."

He went completely still. "Lil?"

"Yeah?"

"Quit stalling."

Instantly, I scowled. "This is a big decision!"

"No, it's not. It's not a decision at all. It is your past. Your life."

I nibbled on my bottom lip, turning my gaze to the vials. "I don't know if I'm ready."

"You are."

I did not shift my attention from the sloshing golden liquid. "Ezra?"

Instant. "I'm not drinking one. I haven't made that decision yet."

Antonio barked, "Cahal, talk some sense into your f**king son before I beat the living shit out of him." A pause, then his tone changed to calm. "I say that with much respect, of course."

Cahal snorted softly. "Just get your kid to drink it. After she does, mine will soon follow."

Antonio's head teetered from side to side. "You're probably right." His lips parted...and he made that gurgling sound I had become so accustomed to hearing from him. Golden eyes narrowed. "Just drink the damned thing."

Carefully, I picked just one vial. I lifted it to eye level. I stared. "Why would Elder Harcourt do a memory wipe on us...only to give us the memories back?"

Antonio gurgled once more. Growled. Shook his head. "You don't have time for this."

My eyes met his. "What do you mean?"

"Just. Drink. It."

I stared. Blinked. "What happens next in time?"

His lips pinched, not a word uttered.

Tearing my gaze away from him, I peered...at my husband.

He gazed back, his spring green eyes dead set on mine. "It's your choice."

Slowly my chest rose and fell. "Okay."

Chapter Fifteen

With my eyes on my husband's, who was a stranger still, I popped the cork on one of the vials.

Breathed in once deeply. Out came the breath just as gradually.

Then I closed my eyes and lifted the vial to my lips.

I drank it down in one shot.

My body jerked as corked spells and time washed through my veins in a chilling rush. Flashes erupted behind my closed eyelids.

Scenes...so many scenes.

Feelings...so many feelings.

My body convulsed as the missing pieces of my life replayed in a continual loop, invading my mind with reality. Everything I hadn't known that was in my past. Every cherished moment I now remembered. Every heartache I had known was now a part of me again.

What radiated the most...was my love for my husband.

My heart broke time and again, then blistered with agonized adoration. It pumped deep within my soul. The blackness that had consumed me was flooded with nothing but pure, gut-wrenching love.

The vial dropped from my fingertips as I sucked in a harsh breath.

My eyelashes fluttered in the night breeze, while hot tears, which I hadn't even known I had shed, were cooling against my cheeks. My chest ached with a new madness to embrace my husband and never let him go.

Ezra was mine.

Directly behind me, Elder Merrick sniffed the air, his words whisper soft. "It worked."

Goddamn right it did.

My eyes shot open, a feral blue shining like a blaze of warning in the darkness.

Instantly, I lowered my eyes at the sight of my husband. I didn't want to frighten him.

Ezra's nostrils were flared, inhaling and exhaling deeply, scenting everything I was feeling. His own green gaze was just barely shining in a frigid wariness. Every muscle on his body was poised to flee from what he sensed from me, his body even slightly turned...but his feet were firmly planted on the moonlit grass. He was just watching me.

My wolf howled deep inside my mind...but I pulled back with steel mental gloves all of my desires to tackle him to the ground and shove a vial's liquid down his throat. I had become the ice queen bitch this last year. I knew how to shut off my emotions now.

And he needed to see that it could be done.

My jaw set, and I felt the cool rush of ice seep back into my bones. Into my soul. All I had to do was think of...killing Elder Harcourt. He had taken my husband away from me, torn away my two other best friends, and he had played with us, and all I wanted was to crush his heart inside my hand. My eyes now glowed with the frost of a killer as I peered up to spring green eyes. I wiped the tears off my cheeks with the back of my hand, never glancing away from him. "Drink it."

Ezra inhaled deeply again. "No."

I lifted one red brow. "Are you a King? Or a coward with a pretty crown?"

He stiffened. "What?"

"Antonio was right. This isn't a decision. You just do it. It was, no, it is your life." I stared just as coldly as he was. "You. Just. Drink. It."

His eyes narrowed dangerously. He cracked his neck and stepped forward with a casual stride, then he began circling me, blatantly sniffing me at every angle. "You called me a coward. No one does that and lives."

I snorted...even while I remembered he didn't love me. "I asked if you were a coward."

His Vampire growled quietly, then his tone turned intimate. Quiet. "You care for me."

"I do." Easy. I wouldn't lie to him.

He hummed softly. "You love me."

I nodded. "I do."

He inhaled deeply. "You don't smell like it anymore."

My lips curved as he stopped directly in front of me, his gaze roaming my frame for any crack, any weakness, he could find. "I did learn a few things over the past year."

"Hmm." Once more, he leaned in, inhaling. "If you could do anything right now, what would it be?"

A soft chuckle escaped my lips. "Your dad and mine are here. I won't answer that."

His arched black brows rose, then he lifted a finger and poked my shoulder. "Did you feel that?"

"Yes."

He shoved my shoulders, knocking me back a step. Instantly, he breathed deeply again.

I crossed my arms. "You can't distract me. I'm better than that."

Spring green eyes roamed my body...his gaze landing on my hand where I fisted the vials.

My words were steady. "Drink it."

His lips pursed, but he didn't say no this time.

I uncrossed my arms and held out a single vial. I didn't say anything else.

A full minute passed before a Vampire's hiss sounded. Cahal was apparently running out of patience. He griped harshly, "Son, are you really going to be a goddamn pu**y about this?"

Antonio whispered, "Tick-tock."

With a nonchalant hand, Ezra flipped his father off, but his gaze lifted to mine. His question, when it came, sounded honest. "Is it hard?"

I knew what he was asking. "No, all I have to do is envision an elusive Mage. After that, I'm as cool as a cucumber." I shrugged a shoulder. "If I ever see Elder Harcourt again, I'll kill him."

Ezra's lips twitched. "I'll drink the dammed thing."

My words were quiet. "I know."

Cracking his neck all over again, he lifted his hand and took the vial. My husband stared directly into my eyes as he uncorked it. Knocked it back like it was a shot. He didn't jerk as I had; instead he went predatory still while his eyes rapidly scanned back and forth, like he was reading a book. I knew he couldn't see me, but his gaze never wandered too far from mine.

I stifled a squeal when his power erupted like a hurricane wind, the blister of it deadly.

Just as abruptly, the power was hammered back inside himself, his head lowering. He stared at the ground with his glowing gaze, crushing the vial inside his palm, the glass sprinkling to the ground and the smell of Mystical blood wafting to my nostrils.

I wanted to grab his frozen hand and pluck each sliver of glass out of his flesh.

But I stayed still.

Five seconds of silence ticked by before he raised his head, rolling it on his shoulders. When his gaze roamed my features, his eyes were just as frigid as mine. Gradually, his lips quirked on one side and he took a step forward, aligning our bodies. He stared down at me while his heat penetrated through my clothes, warming me bone deep. He raised a black brow and his tone was a sexy-as-hell purr. "Our dads will ride with Elder Merrick and Elder Jacobs. And you'll drive our car. I want my hands...and lips...free to travel as I wish."

My resulting grin was private. "I missed you."

He chuckled softly. "You can show me how much later tonight. I get the first round."

We stared, no other words spoken. This was a test for us. To see the new individuals we had become around each other. Ezra and I were pressed against one another, a coldness to anyone else's senses radiating from us, because our protective love was pushing it. We would never be taken from each other again. We were that much better now at hiding our affection.

A soft whistling reached my ears, a merry tune. Ever so slightly, Antonio was rocking back and forth on his heels, his hands in his pockets and an entirely content expression on his features while he lit the night with melody. Even though he whispered once more, "Tick-tock."

Ezra scowled, then he turned, his shoulder brushing mine as he faced Antonio. "Enough with the Mage shit. What's happening?"

Antonio sighed heavily, sending me a cross expression before peering back to Ezra. "You and my daughter are about to take a trip. Since I can't follow to watch over you two, it's a trip that I do not approve of." He waggled glowing fingers in the air. "It's not in my blood to do so."

I cocked my head. "Your blood?"

Antonio now appeared sullen as hell, his nostrils flared. "I'm not yet powerful enough to see into your future of where you're going, by touching you." That was all. With a scowl.

"Uh..." I rubbed my lips together. "Why would you have to touch me to see my future? You've been able to see it without touching me before."

He snorted, then he mumbled a curse under his breath. "I just can't. Not yet. Give me a few years, and I'll be able to then. It's all about age now. Or the time."

I blinked. "I don't understand."

He sighed heavily, waving an aggravated arm through the air, toward the trees. "Never mind. There's no time to explain. Your visitor is here."

My attention swiftly honed to the trees.

Ezra muttered quietly, "There's no..." His head cocked. "Wait, someone is there now."

The six of us stood silent as a Shifter man, smelling heavily of wolf, stepped out of the tree line. He wore a hooded black cloak almost identical to our other guest's minutes ago, though he held two more black cloaks over one of his forearms. He appeared mid-thirty in Com years, handsome as sin, with roughish black hair that fell in messy clumps to his cheekbones. His eyes were golden, shining dimly to light his way through the dark. The oddest part about his appearance was the bow he had over one shoulder, along with a lot of silver arrows in a leather tube, their spikes sticking up next to his head and gleaming a lethal invitation.

He stopped three feet away from our group, his eyes directly on Ezra and me.

Elder Merrick instantly took a step forward, assessing the Shifter. "What's your name?"

The man smirked, making him appear even more dashing. "The name's Tipkin. I've come to collect King Zeller and Queen Ruckler. They'll be traveling with me tonight."

I lurched forward a step...not of my own free will. My words were not even my own, pulled from my throat. "I'll go with you this time. You have my word."

Ezra grabbed my arm in a blur when I took another step toward the Shifter. "What are you doing?" His eyes darted across my face. "You just gave your word to a stranger."

I yanked my arm away with Shifter strength, again my body acting like I was a drone. "I have no choice. It must be done." I leapt through the air, landing directly next to the man I did not know, having pledged my loyalty to doing what he asked. "Ready?"

"What the f**k?" Ezra boomed, blurring to stand directly next to Tipkin and me. "If you're going, I'm going too." He paused. "Antonio said so."

Tipkin grinned. "Antonio said so, huh? Do you do everything he says?"

"Fuck you," Ezra growled quietly.

"Maybe another day." Tipkin shrugged.

"Wait a goddamn second," Elder Merrick hissed and stepped closer. "I don't know this man, and I know damn near all Shifters. I want to know who the hell he really is."

"I said my name is Tipkin," he explained calmly, even as he handed Ezra a large robe, then gifted me with a smaller one. He pointed at us. "Put those on." His golden eyes swung to Elder Merrick as we dressed. His words were blunt, and they would have knocked me on my ass if I were in control of my own actions instead of doing exactly as he bid. "I'm a hybrid. I've been in hiding. I'm Shifter and Mage, just like Philip Masterson. My Mage power, like his, is reversed because of our dueling nature. Where powerful purebred Mages can see the future, and a few lucky ones can travel there, I have the power to see the past and travel there." He shrugged. "That's where we're going. To the past."

Cahal grunted. "Bullshit. No one has the power to do that, because it would change time." His words were heated and he looked as if he was constructing all kinds of deadly scenarios...for Tipkin. "Changing time is not allowed, if you don't f**king know!"

Elder Merrick's wolf growled softly. "I agree with Zeller. No one should go back in time."

Tipkin shrugged a shoulder, watching as we finished buttoning the cloaks...and as I slipped the two remaining golden vials into one of my cloak's pockets. "Since Philip is no longer winning this war, he is going back in time to try to change it. These two are going with me to stop him." His hands landed on one of my shoulders and one of Ezra's, keeping contact with us. "Don't move."

Ezra's nostrils flared in fury, but he hurried to bark, "Dad, watch Isa for us."

The roar of a Vampire and the growl of a Shifter bombarded my ears, even as a frantic rush of wind hit. But Tipkin was already glowing and a golden sphere surrounded Tipkin, Ezra, and me.

Again, my body did exactly as he had commanded, allowing him to take me where he wished, and I stood stock-still inside the golden sphere of non-entity. All I could see were sparkles of gold, but the ride was rougher than anytime I had transversed with Antonio. I steadied my legs as the sphere jerked side to side. I grunted quietly when it became exceptionally rough, and I grabbed onto Tipkin's shoulder - one of Ezra's hands landing right next to mine - so I didn't lose connection with him.

The sphere was abruptly gone...and I scented decay in the night air. We stood inside a forest, the trees appearing as tall as the sky. But just as suddenly, we were back inside the sphere, but now we moved differently. I stared, trying to understand what was so perplexing about it. Slowly it dawned on me that we were going back in time now. It was the way the Mage magic felt, like a slow creep running down my spine, a shiver of backwards time.

It took much longer than our first ride.

Minutes passed by slowly inside the kinked magic.

Ezra and I kept a death grip on Tipkin's shoulder.

I went to scratch my nose with my other hand, but my arm moved as if it were in quicksand, the pull against my action impossible...so my damn nose burned with the urge to be rubbed until the sphere disappeared in a rough jerk.

Ezra grunted, grabbing my shoulder with his free hand when I stumbled forward.

Since we each still had a tight hand on his shoulder, Tipkin lurched with us.

We all went down in a tumble of limbs.

"Your f**king arrows are on my face," Ezra grouched, the upper portion of his frame buried under Tipkin's torso, while both of their legs were lying heavily over my stomach and trapping me.

"Well, your gun is poking me in the ribs," Tipkin griped.

Rubbing my nose, I blinked repeatedly, the sun bearing down through the trees right into my eyes. The sudden change from night to day had my wolf stalking inside. "Are we here?"

"Yes," Tipkin muttered, lifting his head. "Our first stop anyway."

I flinched, my teeth grinding as searing pain radiated from my forearm. The sleeve of my cloak was up to my elbow, so the three of us watched as a golden bracelet of power formed on my skin then sizzled into the air. Gone. I shuddered hard as Clarice's power dissipated in the air.

Two down. One to go. Whenever that was.

Chapter Sixteen

Still staring at my forearm, Ezra's Vampire growled softly. "Lily..."

I cleared my throat, back in control of my actions. "Hush. It needed to be done to save you." I sat up slowly, glancing left and right. My head cocked. "Do I hear gunshots?"

"Probably," Tipkin murmured, also staring at my arm as he jumped to his feet.

Ezra ignored all of this. "Lily, what else did you promise her?"

I hummed absently, standing and brushing off my cloak. "Nothing important."

Ezra couldn't scent the lie even if Tipkin could. Luckily, the hybrid kept his mouth shut.

My husband muttered a curse. "Dammit, you're lying to me."

Okay, maybe he could still read me better than anyone else.

"We need to focus on why we're here." I held a hand down to him. "Are those gunshots I hear from the north?"

Another curse was heard, but he grabbed my hand and lifted to his feet. "Yes, they are."

"Where are we?"

"In the state of Washington," Tipkin answered, walking toward the gunfire. "More precisely, we're in Washington the day King Zeller infiltrated a Com extremist's camp to rescue his Prodigy."

I gawked, not moving. "We really went into the past?"

Ezra's head cocked, listening to the sounds in the distance. "It sounds about right."

"Yes, we did," Tipkin called over his shoulder, marching farther away through the forest. "So hurry your asses up. We don't have much time before we have to leave again. Philip is on a damn mission today."

Ezra stayed by my side, asking loudly, "This won't disrupt the past?"

"No. We're meant to be here. Including him. Just not what he wants as the end result."

Ezra glanced at me.

I was already sniffing the air heavily, catching the currents of his words. "Truth to all."

My husband gazed ahead then shrugged a shoulder. "We'd better hurry."

With his back to us, his long legs taking him through the forest at a fast clip, Tipkin threw his hands up in the air. "That's what I've been saying!"

Hunkered behind brush, downwind from the scents of Com blood floating in the air, I pointed my gun where we had spied Philip Masterson high in a tree, his own silver arrows aimed. He appeared to be waiting as he watched the horde of Coms surrounding Ezra and his Prodigy. My past self hadn't yet arrived to the scene.

"With this new surprise," I whispered, not sure what I thought about this dangerous aspect, "that hybrid Mages can travel back in time, I bet he's how the Coms knew who the next Prodigy was. He could have traveled into the past and told them."

I knew what I was waiting for. In the past, there had been two arrows that had hit us. Now I knew where they had come from. We could not alter time, so we had to wait for him to fire two before we attacked.

Ezra grunted. "It makes sense. Only two people know how to do the spell to find the Prodigies. Elder Harcourt and Elder Farrar. The spell is protected that way. And we already know they were questioned. Though Philip could have found out later who she was if he had any contacts inside King Cave."

Where our Prodigies now stayed for their own protection.

That didn't give me warm and fuzzy feelings. "We'll need to move them when we get back."

Ezra's Vampire growled in confirmation.

Ten minutes later, Philip fired his first arrow.

Ezra and I held our aim on Philip.

Tipkin put on gloves and notched a silver arrow on his bow, targeting our prey.

Philip's second arrow fired.

Ezra and I pulled the triggers on our guns.

But...nothing happened. Just an empty click.

I blinked, gaping at my gun.

Ezra's dumbfounded gaze was the same as mine.

Just as Philip was taking aim again, Tipkin's arrow flew, piercing through the air like a bullet. It hit Philip square in the stomach, shocking him. His pained shout could not be heard over the gunfire, but we watched as his jaw dropped and his features contorted in agony. He lost his footing on the branch and tipped backward. His mouth was open in a scream as he released his weapons and grabbed the end of the arrow jutting from his stomach. At the last second before hitting the ground in a death fall, he jerked the arrow from his body and tossed it aside...and disappeared in a flash of gold.

My wolf growled furiously. "Where the f**k did he go?"

"Our next destination," Tipkin replied, standing from his crouch and stretching. Staring up at the sky, he pulled a flask from one of his cloak's pockets. I blinked as he proceeded to down a few swills of what smelled like whiskey. Just as easily, he capped it and put the flask back into his pocket - like this was just an average day out with friends.

What the hell?

Ezra's nostrils flared. "Why the f**k didn't our guns work?"

Tipkin shrugged. "If a weapon's made after this time period, they won't work."

Ezra's Vampire growled quietly. "Why didn't you tell us before?"

Our guns were the newest models.

"Eh, now you know," Tipkin stated cheerfully, taking off his gloves and stuffing them into his right cloak pocket. He extended a hand to each of us. "Let's go. I don't know the layout of King Hall like you two do. There were Mys all over the place on graduation day. I'll need your memories to help find him. I won't be able to sniff him out as easily as I did this time."

My wolf huffed. "You need to tell us shit like that, so we don't get killed!"

Golden eyes stared down at me, a seriousness entering them. "I just did. When you needed to know." He jerked his hands at us. "Are you coming? Or are you staying in the past?"

Chapter Seventeen

We hung on for dear life for two more rough trips in Tipkin's sphere: one to take us to the forest surrounding King Hall in the present - that was filled with the scents of decay - and the second trip to go back in time where we landed in the same forest...but it was different.

It was graduation day. Before it had become a war zone.

The sun was shining, and there was music blaring in the distance.

The sweet aroma of the buffet foods tickled my nose.

When my stomach growled, Ezra glanced at me.

I scrunched my nose. "The brownies were really good that day."

His lips twitched. "Yes, they were."

Tipkin waved in agitation. "Don't even think about it." He stared pointedly. "Now, where would Philip target the Elders, Kings, or Prodigies? He knows where to get weapons in this time, since he started the damn war. Was there a point during graduation that the Rulers were alone? Possibly defenseless?"

My brows puckered as I thought through that day.

But Ezra instantly nodded. "All of the Rulers here were defenseless at one point."

My gaze snapped to his. "When?"

"When the bombs went off. We were inside Mrs Jonas's office. All the Rulers were laid flat from the direct hit, their mates dying, and from the smoke."

Tipkin jerked, and his head instantly dropped. His eyes glowed a brilliant gold, coloring the grass. He started swaying like he was hearing a song we couldn't hear, the country music we could hear in the distance not the beat he was moving to.

He was a Mage right now, seeing whatever he saw inside his magic.

Ezra and I stayed quiet, but we moved on either side of him, just in case he tipped too far.

Tipkin was our ticket out of here.

There was no way we were going to let him be harmed - even from himself.

Two minutes later, Tipkin began a mournful tune deep in his chest, humming in sporadic sounds. My own brows puckered when I recognized the song. It was one that I had heard almost every night as a child. When Antonio wasn't telling me stories before bed, it was a song my mother used to softly sing to me that lulled me to sleep.

My gaze was caught on Tipkin's when he snapped out of his trance.

He rubbed his eyes for a moment before he stared at me. His entire flamboyant act was gone, his words gentle. "I'll tell you. It is in the past that won't be changed, so I'm not breaking any rules." He gently smiled. "Elder Harcourt spoke with your mother. He knew she would die, and told her so. He helped to guide her thoughts on where you should be placed after her death. She was grateful, but she was confused because Elder Harcourt said your uncle's home should be your destination. He assured her nothing bad would happen to you...in a beautiful twist of words that spoke truth. She thought you would be safe there. All he asked in payment for his 'guidance' was that she send a letter to you on your graduation day - one that your uncle must deliver."

My brows snapped together, but he held up a quick hand.

Tipkin clarified, "Elder Harcourt did it for a purpose. He knows the future. He knew that if you didn't have a way to breathe inside Mrs Jonas's office - the one that he had spelled for protection - that you all would have died from smoke inhalation. It was to be. You were supposed to kill your uncle that day - this day - and send him through that window. It was a way for the smoke to escape." His golden eyes were unusually soft, his words a whisper. "Even if your life with your uncle was far from ideal, Elder Harcourt does have his reasons. He saved all of your lives this day by sending you to that man's home."

My jaw was slack, but I muttered, "I still want to kill the bastard."

Tipkin's lips turned up. "Good luck finding him. He only appears when he wishes."

"So we have heard," Ezra growled. His jaw ground back and forth as he stared off into the forest toward King Hall. "I still think that would be the time Philip would attack. Elder Harcourt fixed one problem, but we were still incapacitated for a short time while the smoke left the room." He shook his head, deep in thought. "He wouldn't attack from the outside either. There were guards out there. He would transverse inside the building and attack from there."

Ezra hummed quietly. "If I were him, with his knowledge of the past, I would wait for just the right moment to toss a bomb inside through the doorway. Before the ceiling collapsed in the hall." He blinked, then he glanced at Tipkin. "Wait, you stated Elder Harcourt spelled her office?"

I grumbled to no one, "I knew that damn room was spelled."

"Yes, he spelled it." Tipkin tapped his temple. "I saw him do it. The only access points he allowed were the one window and the doorway. So your theory still works. He could toss some type of explosive weapon inside from the hallway."

All three of us heard the music stop, the last song played.

It was time to go.

Ezra and I had procured working guns from two snoozing-on-the-job Mys guards.

They weren't filled with silver bullets, but they would definitely stop Philip.

Ezra and I snuck into the building - pretending to be our selves of that time, the black cloaks almost identical to our black Awakening robes we had worn - and we secreted ourselves down the hallway from Mrs Jonas's office, to another administrative room. Tipkin transversed directly after the five minutes allotted to find a suitable hiding place. Leaving the door to our room cracked open, we had a perfect angle to see down the hallway to Mrs Jonas's office.

I silently prayed that by the time Philip showed up the scent of warfare would be too heavy in the air to smell us. There had been three explosions before the fourth had taken down the administration building. Hopefully that was enough chaos and blood to hide our scents.

Ezra twitched when the Rulers and parents began pouring into Mrs Jonas's office.

His mother.

We could see Vivian plain as day from our hiding spot. She was smiling like the proud mother she was...with the Ezra of the past by her side, his arm over her shoulders and teasing her. Cahal walked behind them, smiling privately as he watched them...until his brows puckered and his head cocked. He glanced down the hallway in our direction.

Ezra and I froze.

Tipkin cleared his throat and asked gruffly, loudly, "Can't you two get anything right? The ceremony is starting soon. You need to have your staff finish cleaning up the buffet tables."

Cahal blinked, staring.

A small blessing occurred when Vivian called his name from inside the office.

He rubbed his chin and glanced in our direction.

But a moment later he disappeared inside Mrs Jonas's office.

I swallowed heavily then whispered on the barest breath, "Maybe we should jump out the window for a few minutes until Elder Kincaid - King Kincaid, whatever - goes inside. He'll scent us and wonder what the hell is going on. Tipkin can stay here. No one knows his scent."

Ezra nodded slowly, barely taking his eyes away where his mother had entered the room.

We hopped out a window and stayed there, waiting for Tipkin to give us the all clear.

There were ten grueling minutes where Ezra and I had to pretend to be our past selves to any circling guards, and then we climbed back to our hiding spots inside the building. It was directly before we heard a gunshot from Mrs Jonas's office - when I had shot my uncle. The timing could not have been better.

I would like to say that I waited patiently for the f**ker Philip to arrive. But I did not.

I seriously hoped today would be the day he died.

My foot wanted to tap in anticipation so badly, but I pressed my body to hold still, working on sheer willpower alone. But the smile that etched my lips was danger peeking, and I glanced at the men sitting on either side of me. I whispered, "Philip's always had a king complex, and this is King Hall. If he dies here today, it would be the perfect tomb for a wannabe king. One of his own making." My grin widened. "King Tomb."

Ezra chuckled softly. "That's perfect."

I shrugged a shoulder. "I thought so."

Ezra's lips twitched.

My brows puckered. "What?"

He actually patted the top of my head.

Like I was a cute five-year-old instead of a fully grown woman holding a gun.

I bared my teeth, but I remained mute of any further comment.

In the silence, we waited.

Just when I became antsy again, two explosions shook the building.

And we saw him creep around the corner of the long hallway.

The three of us lifted to our feet.

I had a gun aimed, as did Ezra.

Tipkin's hands were free so he could transverse us out of here before the rubble took us.

Ever so slowly, we stalked to the cracked door.

Philip was removing a backpack he wore. He silently unzipped it.

Ezra had been right. There was a bomb inside that he was activating.

The third explosion shook the building beneath our feet.

Still, we waited as he was. He wasn't advancing on the room yet, just tapping his foot.

I knew there hadn't been any gunshots inside the building before it had gone down.

Time ticked ever so gradually while I breathed steadily. My veins were as cold as ice as I watched Philip, his shirt still streaked in his blood from Tipkin's arrow. That bit of blood made my wolf extremely happy, while the woman in me wanted there to be much more by the time we were through.

His foot stopped tapping, and he turned, running straight for the room, his eyes glowing.

All three of us raced from the room.

Ezra and I were right next to each other, with Tipkin directly on our heels; his hands were already on our shoulders, linking us to him.

Seeing us, Philip stumbled in his sprint, coming to an abrupt halt.

From inside the office, Antonio shouted, "Wait! One more! Get down!"

Just as the last explosion hit, we fired.

My shot went wide, my balance off from the blast that hit the building.

But Ezra's aim was true. His bullet pierced Philip right through the chest.

Tipkin glowed a brilliant gold.

As his sphere began to engulf us, we watched as Philip flew back.

The ceiling was already crashing down. It was beautiful.

Still grinning like a fiend, even with dust covering me, I didn't care that I was knocked over by Elder Jacobs's power of wind when we transversed back to the present. Staring at the shimmering night sky, I shouted a whooping holler and wiggled on the grass where I lay on my back. Tipkin had brought us to the time directly after we had left. Cahal and Elder Merrick's predators were even still growling, only abruptly cutting off as they stared at the three of us on the ground.

Tipkin's head rested on my stomach. He chuckled quietly. "Bye-bye." He disappeared.

Ezra grunted, then he tilted his head toward me. "He's dead."

"Mm-hmm," I hummed happily. "You took that bastard down!"

His lips slowly curved in a wicked smile. "Yes, I did."

I lifted a finger. "Don't forget. I did help." Ezra would not have gone with Tipkin if I had not given my word to go. I made a fist. "King Tomb, baby!"

His gaze twinkled as he fist-bumped me. "King Tomb."

Antonio cleared his throat. "What just happened? Who's dead?"

I wiggled again, then I shouted in glee, "Philip Masterson is dead!"

Chapter Eighteen

Ezra and I sat across from our best friends.

When we had initially seen them, we had hardly recognized them.

It had been so damn hard not to react at first sight, but I was now different.

As was Ezra.

He and I were ruthless. And cold. In public.

In private...not so much. Mmm.

We had assembled in a meeting at King Mile with Antonio, Cahal, Elder Merrick, Elder Jacobs, the four Elders who had created the peace treaty after the first war...and Jack and Pearl.

Ezra and I had explained what had happened in our blast to the past.

The decision had been unanimous.

With the last Beast farm taken out, and our new intel, we knew how to end this war.

The spelled letters were already sent worldwide to the other Elders of our game plan.

Elder f**king Harcourt's own personal letter to us had arrived just after we had decided as a group. His correspondence had stated that he agreed with our decision. I had torn up his letter in the hope that he would arrive to vindicate the action, but not surprisingly, the old Mage had not shown so that I could strangle him.

And slice him.

And burn him.

And let my wolf feast on his charred bones.

Jackass.

Now, we still sat in the conference room, having asked Jack and Pearl to stay afterward.

They had politely agreed, utterly no recognition of our lives 'before' in their actions.

Their personal physiques did not appear any different; this war had not physically harmed them. But their eyes were those of a cold-blooded killer. For most of the meeting they had been silently eyeballing us, and each other, evaluating with indifference. My heart wanted to break seeing them like this...but I had the cure to fix it fisted in my hand under the table.

Ezra sat next to me, watching them just as coolly as I was. He did not waste time inside this privacy-spelled room. He got straight to the point, watching them where they sat across from us. His words were blunt. "Queen Ruckler and I know that you both had a memory wipe."

Instantly, they both went still. If it were possible, their eyes turned even more chilling.

My lips pinched. "We know this because the same happened to us." My gaze flicked back and forth between them. "The four of us...we know each other. The two of you just can't remember it right now." I lifted my hand up from under the table, showing them the vials. "Elder Harcourt did this to us, and he's also gifted us the cure for it. King Zeller and I have already drunk ours. We now have our memories back. Once the two of you drink yours, the spell that Elder Harcourt originally enacted will be broken."

Jack stared. His words were curt. "Why should I believe anything you're saying?"

I rubbed my lips together, then I pointed the vials at Pearl. "Queen Cooper, will you please place a truth spell on King Zeller and me while we're inside this room?"

Instantly, her eyes flashed in fury and she snapped her fingers. "Done. Now say everything that you both just said all over again."

Patiently, Ezra and I did as she had ordered, our vocals pulling the truth from us.

Silently, I placed each vial on the conference table, then I gently pushed them toward our best friends. I watched as they rolled silently to their hesitant hands. "Trust me, you want to drink it."

Jack's eyes flared. "Do you know why the memory wipe happened to me?"

Ezra nodded. "We do." He paused, then he stated evenly, "I had a letter that I found inside my closet at King Shadow. All of my effects were already there when I arrived. When I had a Mage inspect the closet, he told me it was a Mage space. I believe it was Elder Farrar's work. Nothing inside the space could be affected by Elder Harcourt's spell. It was exactly as I left it the night my memory wipe occurred at King Cave. The letter was from Queen Ruckler, but she hadn't left a name on it. I tried accessing some of the safe homes she had listed on there, and even tried a," he glanced at me, then back to them, "post office box, but each location was protected by the same Mage space - the magic exact. Elder Farrar's."

I blinked. "The letter I wrote you when we were finding the Prodigies?"

He nodded, his lips quirking. "It was an interesting read."

That was how my husband had known that I loved him completely. The letter was personal and extremely intimate, along with all the information I had written down. "Oh."

He chuckled quietly. "Yes...oh." Gradually, his attention altered back to our silent, watching best friends. "Did you have nothing like that in your closets?"

Eventually, they shook their heads, still studying us.

"Maybe that was for the best," I whispered. "All I had was the shirt I was wearing," I smiled gently, "and a pregnant belly."

Pearl's eyes instantly narrowed. "You were pregnant?"

The mother in me shined out in my grin. "Yes, I have daughter." I paused, then my vocals urged me to state, "King Zeller and I have a daughter together. Her name is Isa."

Their blinks were ever so gradual. No shock. No questions. Just the chill.

"Queen Ruckler and I are married." Ezra lifted a cool black brow, unfazed by their silence. He pointed to the vials. "As are you two. You should probably drink those to remember how that happened."

The first crack in stony countenance occurred.

Both jerked on their chairs, their gazes snapping toward each other.

Pearl's jaw bobbed.

Jack's blue brows rose...as his gaze lowered, and he eyed her cle**age. "Huh."

I snorted softly. "Drink the damn vials."

Instantly, Pearl uncorked her vial with shaking hands. She drank.

Jack watched her closely as she placed her head on the table as memories slammed her.

Her skin shimmered in a stunning gold. Quietly, she sniffled, not lifting her head. "Drink the bloody vial, Jack." Though she did reach across the table, blindly holding her hand out to me.

I instantly grabbed it with both of mine, holding it tightly. "I missed you."

Another sniffle. "Understatement."

Jack's gaze still had not left her, but he did lift his vial. Uncorked it. Drank it down.

His head tipped back, and he closed his eyes as his vial fell from the tips of his fingers to the conference room tabletop. The clink was loud in the silence as it landed, then it rolled off the table to the floor. Jack's neck bobbed as he swallowed heavily. "My God." When he lowered his head, there was an emotion flittering behind his eyes that I could not catch. Quickly, he hooded his gaze, peering at the back of Pearl's head. "We're married."

Her face still stuffed against the crook of her arm, she nodded. "Yes."

Ever so slowly, he lifted one of his hands and placed it on the back of her head.

Pearl shuddered at his touch...and started bawling.

My eyes widened, and I glanced at my husband. "Maybe, we should-"

"Yep." He was already standing from his chair. "We'll leave you two alone to catch up."

I squeezed Pearl's hand one more time, then I released it.

She damn near tackled Jack, her arms wrapping tightly around his neck.

He swiftly dipped his head and held her tight. "Shh. It's all right. I'm here."

I pushed from my own chair and hurried to follow my husband out of the spelled room.

We made sure the door was locked.

Chapter Nineteen

Two days later, I was driving in my Hummer - having almost arrived at our intended destination - and my cell phone rang. I dug it out of my pocket while Ezra took the wheel, steering for me. Jack and Pearl were cuddled in the back seat, sleeping quietly. Our private lives had finally returned to normal, even though our professional lives would never be. The perfect indication of this was our current assignment of the President. Our intel had showed us his whereabouts, and he was our purpose for this road trip. It was time to end this war.

"Hello," I answered, allowing Ezra to continue steering.

"I found her." That was all he said. It was John Smith.

"Bring her to me," I ordered.

"You won't garner any information from her. She was dead when I found her."

My wolf growled quietly. "Bring me her head."

He was quiet, then he muttered, "It's kind of burnt."

"Is she recognizable?"

"Yes." He paused. "Half of her face, anyway. Her body was in the carnage at King Hall."

"Then I want her head."

"I'll bring it to you." He hummed. "Have you ever heard of the Harcourt Division? I received an interesting letter from the Elder."

"No. And I don't want to hear that name again." I blinked. "And you work for me."

He snorted. "I do what I want." His sigh was heavy. "But I will continue accepting assignments as you have them, my Queen." His line went dead as he hung up on me.

"Aggravating ass," I muttered, pocketing my cell.

"Who was it?"

"None of your business." My wolf growled, but I smirked. "Elly's dead."

Ezra eyed my profile. "Nice." He grinned. "What are you going to do with her head?"

"Let rats eat it."

He nodded. "Sounds about right."

Sneaking onto the property where the President hid was much easier than it should have been.

The four of us were dressed in black fatigues and had enough firepower on us to take the White House down...if it hadn't already been burned to ash during one particular amazing Mystical win. But instead of firing our weapons, we kept them holstered. The darkness provided by the heavy cloud cover hiding the moon was wasted. The reason we had not had to fight anyone yet was because of all the Com guards that we were currently stepping over where they lay unconscious on the ground.

Jack's brows furrowed. "Did one of the Elders get here first?"

Pearl shook her head. "We're the only Rulers designated for this particular Com leader."

Ezra grunted, stepping over another Com. "Well, someone beat us here."

"We don't want the damn man dead," I grumbled. "At least these guards aren't."

All four of us stopped abruptly, squinting as our eyes glowed softly, when a black fog seeped out of the front door, right through the crack. It wasn't a fire, the air smelling clean. Instead, the dark fog crept down the white patio stairs and into the grass...and disappeared.

My lips pinched. "What the hell was that?"

Pearl lifted a finger. "I'll admit that was a little frightening."

Jack stated, "Maybe it was a shadow."

All four of us glanced up to the sky. The moon was barely seen. We peered to the house.

"I'll go with the shadow theory," Ezra murmured, even though it made no sense.

I shrugged. "I haven't eaten yet today. I'm going with blurry vision."

"I'm about to be on my period," Pearl grumbled. "I'm going with PMS."

I gurgled deep in my throat, trying not to laugh.

"That's viable," Jack stated. Lie. "Ezra, do you hear anyone in the house?"

"I think it has a privacy spell on it." His head tilted. "I can't even hear a bug in there."

I grunted. "He probably has a Mage tied up in his basement."

But when we opened the door, the four of us felt corked Mage power.

Elder Harcourt's magic was the privacy spell. Figured. Asshole.

"He obviously doesn't want him dead," Jack grumbled. He motioned for Ezra to lead the way. "Let's go tell the President who's boss."

Ezra didn't hesitate. He didn't even walk lightly. Apparently there were no threats here.

We followed him into an office that reeked of cigar smoke.

The President sat behind his desk. His face was ash white as if he hadn't taken a breath in a few minutes. He blinked ever so gradually as he noticed the four of us standing inside the room. As he stood, a half-hysterical laugh erupted past his lips. "I'll be with you four in a second." He lifted a small, red velvet bag from his desk and placed it in a safe behind his desk. He sat heavily on his chair then waved a hand. "Have the Mys Kings and Queens come to shoot me?"

I shook my head. "No, we only came to talk with you. Though someone did render all of your guards unconscious. Not us, by the way." I eyed him, the color coming back to his cheeks. "Any clue who did that?"

He laughed again, this time more calmly. "I didn't catch their name if they did." Truth.

Ezra hummed softly. "You know the Coms are losing this war."

The President sat quiet for a full minute. He rubbed his forehead. Nodded. "I do."

Jack rolled his finger in the air. "We're here to tell you what the Mysticals' next step will be if the Com leaders of the world don't back down and sign a new peace treaty." Blue liquid rose from his hand, hovering. "The Com's water supply? It will be gone." The water burst and disappeared.

Pearl shrugged a shoulder. "Your crops will begin to die."

Ezra chuckled quietly. "Your innocent people will find themselves insane."

I smiled. "Your livestock will suddenly stop eating, and die." I lifted a brow. "This war is done and you're the man to make it happen with the Com leaders."

Once more, the President didn't speak, staying silent. He turned his attention to the window, staring out for long minutes. He lifted a cigar from his desk and lit it. "The Beasts..."

"The last farm was eliminated," Ezra stated easily.

"What's to stop it from happening again?"

This was...painful. But the Elders had agreed upon it yesterday through spelled letters, even after Antonio's four had explained in truth that hybrids could perform an Awakening - not giving their contact away. The world just wasn't ready for them after the Beasts. "The Executioner will stay." I swallowed heavily. "Also, to make sure that no pregnancies occur, the Law forbidding mixed faction sexual relationships will continue." Even with the four of our votes, it hadn't been enough to change the ruling. "The Mystical community is taking every precaution to keep this from ever happening again."

When the President stayed silent, Ezra explained, "We need you to back this treaty."

Finally, the President nodded. He puffed on his cigar, then he stated, "I'll do it."

Chapter Twenty

Jack, Pearl, Ezra, and I stood on the lawn of King Hall. I held Isa in my arms. Our Vizoacs were lounging in the sun, their presence seen even less now because the violence had stopped.

MCWWII was officially over. It had taken six months after our private meeting with the President, but a new treaty had been signed. The world was still wary, but new strict laws had been established against Com violence against Mys, and vice versa. It was safe to say that if you were now going to pick on someone not of your kind...you should do it in private.

And bury the body so no one would find it. It was a good thing we excelled at that.

Though I had not buried Elly's head.

I had held true to my word and let the rats munch on it. While I watched.

Now the four of us stood side by side, gazing at the rubble that was left of our school.

Ezra sniffed. "We can do this."

Jack snorted. "We made the Elders understand that the four Rulers under one roof made sense for a more united front.

Our first new home was now under construction. We were going to call it the Manor. There would be four of them worldwide, each of us picking a location. I had picked Choep, New York - where we had first met. We would all be living together, traveling every so often to the other locations, but Choep was going to be our home base.

Jack waved a hand at the administration building. Specifically, the departed Mrs Jonas's office. "Some of it's still standing."

I laughed outright. "It's the only thing standing."

Pearl shrugged, putting her hair up into a ponytail. "King Hall will live again."

The four of us nodded. We were going to rebuild our school. Together.

After all, our Prodigies had to go to school somewhere.

There was no better place to watch over them than in our backyard.

We were the Kings and Queens that broke all the rules.

We would not expect any less from our Prodigies.

Even if we led them to believe otherwise.

Epilogue

Julia sat on a tree stump on King Hall's property, watching the Mystical Kings and Queens from afar. The gigantic mosquitos were out in full force here. She slapped as another tried to take a bite out of her. One day she wouldn't mind bagging a hundred of the pesky insects, then releasing them inside a certain golden cloak. Glancing over her shoulder, she glared at the man finally arriving. "You're ten minutes late, Mage."

Elder Harcourt chuckled softly. "Sorry to keep you waiting, Lady."

She huffed, fully irritated with his non-sorry expression. "I almost left."

"I would have found you."

Julia rolled her eyes and stated sarcastically, "Your ego is hurting my teeth."

"Perhaps they need brushing?" With ease, he sat on the grass beside her tree stump.

"You're an ass."

Elder Harcourt merely grinned. "Enjoying the view?"

Julia whacked another mosquito. "Did you enjoy the view while you played your game?"

The Elder Mage cracked his neck. "They were becoming reckless. I did what I had to."

"They hate you."

"So it seems."

She hummed, lifting a red brow. "You allowed Bindi more access for the DNA test."

His lips gradually curved...until he snickered quietly. "She always had the access." His slow blink almost appeared amused, like he had been dealing with halfwits, not powerful Mysticals. "When I cast the spell, they were inside my magic. The Shifters couldn't scent what was a lie and what was the truth. They only knew...that I am me."

Julia stared. Blinked. "Well, that's interesting." She would not give him the satisfaction of knowing she thought that was genius. If Bindi had believed the most powerful Elder Mage had restricted her...then she never would have tried. Not until she could help it, anyway. After all, Bindi was a healer, so finally having Ezra and Lily in the same room would have been too much temptation. Julia was not even going to ask what head games the Mage had played on the other four Elders. She was not entirely sure she wanted to know.

Though, she did have one question. "How did the world stay sane when the Rulers didn't?"

Elder Harcourt's resulting grin was pure evil. "I could have taken away the blank spots and given the Rulers pretty memories to fill the voids, as I did the rest of the population, but then they would not have realized anything was off." He paused. "They also wouldn't have learned the lesson they so badly needed."

Julia snorted, watching the Kings and Queens keep a safe distance from each other.

Elder Harcourt made no move to speak, his quiet patience bothering her further.

She eventually stood from the stump. "I brought what you want."

"I know."

Her glare was a force unto itself. "Can't you even pretend like you don't?"

His deep snicker was devious. "Of course I can." He raised his hand where she stood over him, and wiggled his fingers. "I'd like it now."

Reaching into her cloak, she pulled out a black bag. "I'll need it back."

He nodded. "I'll do what I can."

Grunting softly, she tossed him the gift. "Just make sure I have it back before I need it."

"That I can do," he murmured, and opened the bag to stare down into it. A pure white light shone up onto his face. The glare made him squint. "That won't do." He hurried to close the bag and stuffed it into his own cloak. "I'll have to work on it."

Julia tittered quietly and stalked away. "Just return it as it is now."

Elder Harcourt didn't watch her go, his gaze steadfast on the Rulers.

Only a golden eagle in the sky saw the wicked smirk that curved his lips.

