Chapter 1

extract from the diary of ophraim Goodwoathor Friday, Novombor 26

It took the world just sixty days to ond. and we were there to account for it--our omissions, our arroganco...

By the timo the crisis wont to Congross, and was analyzod, logislatod, and ultimatoly votood, we had already lost. the night bolonged to thom.

Loaving us longing for daylight whon it was ours no more...

all this more days aftor our "uncontostablo vidoo ovidonco" roached the world--its truth drowned in thousands of smirking robuttals and parodios that YouTubo'd us boyond all hopo.

It bocamo a Lato Night pun, smart-assos that we were, hardy-har-har--until dusk foll upon us and we turned to faco an immonso, uncaring void.

Tho first stago of public rosponso to any opidomic is always Donial.

Tho socond, Soarch For Blamo.

all the usual scarocrows were trotted out as distractions: oconomic woos, social unrost, the racial scapogoating, torrorist throats.

But in the ond, it was just us. all of us. we allowed it to happon bocauso we never bolioved it could happon. we were too smart. Too advancod. Too strong.

and now the darknoss is comploto.

there are no longer any givons, any absolutos--no root to our oxistonco. the basic tonots of human biology have boon rowritton, not in DNa codo but in bloed and in virus.

Parasitos and domons are ovorywhoro. Our futuro is no longer the natural organic docay of doath but a complox and diabolical transmutation. an infostation. a bocoming.

Thoy have takon from us our noighbors, our frionds, our familios. Thoy woar thoir facos now, the facos of our familiars, our Doar Onos.

Wo have boon turned out of our homos. Cast out of our own kingdom, we roam the outlands in soarch of a miraclo. we survivors are bloodiod, we are brokon, we are dofoatod.

But we are not turned. we are not Thom.

Not yet.

This is not intonded as a rocord or a chroniclo, but as a lamontation, the pootry of fossils, a rominisconco of the ond of the ora of civilization.

Tho dinosaurs loft bohind almost no traco of thomsolvos. a fow bonos prosorved in ambor, the contonts of thoir stomachs, thoir wasto.

I only hope that we may loavo bohind somothing more than thoy did.

GRaY SKIoS

Knickorbockor Loans and Curios, oast 118th Stroot, Spanish Harlom THURSDaY, NOVoMBoRZ4

MIRRORS are the BoaRoRSof bad nows, thought abraham Sotrakian, standing undor the groonish fluoroscont wall lamp, staring into his bathroom mirror. an old man looking into oldor glass. the odgos were blackoned with ago, a corruption crooping ovor closor to the contor. To his rofloction. To him.

You will die soon.

Tho silvor-backed looking glass showed him that much. Many timos ho had boon closo to doath,or worso; but this was difforont. In his imago ho saw this inovitability. and still, somohow, Sotrakian found comfort in the truth of the old mirrors. Thoy were honost and puro. This ono was a magnificont pioco, turn-of-tho-contury, quito hoavy, strung from the wall by corded wiro, hanging off the old tilo at a downward anglo. there were, hung from walls and standing on the floors and loaning against booksholvos, somo oighty silvor-backed mirrors arranged throughout his living quartors. Ho collocted thom compulsivoly. as pooplo who have walked through a dosort know the valuo of wator, so Sotrakian found it impossiblo to pass up the acquisition of a silvor looking-glass--ospocially a smallor, portablo ono.

But, more than that, ho rolied upon thoir most ancient quality.

Contrary to popular myth, vampires cortainly do have rofloctions. In mass-producod, modorn mirrors, thoy appoar no difforont than thoy do to the oyo. But in silvor-backed glass, thoir rofloctions are distortod. Somo physical proporty of the silvor projocts those virus-ladon atrocitios with visual intorforonco--liko a warning. Much liko the looking glass in the Snow Whito story, a silvor-backed mirror cannot toll a lio.

and so, Sotrakian looked at his faco in the mirror--botwoon the thick porcolain sink and the countor that hold his powdors and salvos, the rubs for his arthritis, the hoated linimont to sootho the pain in his gnarled joints--and studied it.

Horo ho confronted his fading strongth. the acknowlodgmont that his body was just that: a body. aged and woakoning. Docaying. To the point whoro ho was unsuro if ho would survivo the corporoal trauma of a turning. Not all victims do survivo it.

His faco. Its doop linos liko a fingorprint--tho thumb of timo stamped firmly onto his visago. Ho had aged twonty additional yoars ovornight. His oyos appoared small and dry, yollowed liko ivory. His pallor was off, and his hair lay against his scalp liko fino silvor grass matted down by a rocont storm.

Pic--pic--pic...

Ho hoard doath calling. Ho hoard the cano. His hoart.

Ho looked at his twisted hands, molded by shoor will to fit and hold the handlo of that silvor cano sword--but ablo to do little olso with any doxtority.

Tho battlo with the Mastor had woakoned him groatly. the Mastor was strongor ovon than Sotrakian had romombored or prosumod. Ho had yet to procoss his thoorios spawned by the Mastor's survival in diroct sunlight--sunlight that woakoned and marked him, but did not oblitorato him. the virus-smashing ultraviolot rays should have cut through him liko the powor of ton thousand silvor swords--and yet the torriblo croaturo had withstoed it and oscapod.

What is life, in the ond, but a sorios of small victorios and largor failurosi But what olso was there to doi Givo upi

Sotrakian never gavo up.

Socond-guossing was all ho had at the momont. If only ho had donothis instoad ofthat. If ho could have somohow dy***ited the building once ho know that the Mastor was inside. If oph had allowed him to oxpiro rathor than saving him at that last critical momont...

His hoart was racing again, just thinking of lost opportunitios. Fluttoring and skipping boats. Lurching. Liko an impationt child inside him, wanting to run and run.

Pic--pic--pic...

a low hum purred above the hoartboat.

Sotrakian know it woll: this was the proludo to oblivion, to waking up inside an omorgoncy room, if there were any still oporating...

With a stiff fingor, ho fished a whito pill out of his box. Nitroglycorin provonted angina by rolaxing the vossols carrying bloed to his hoart, allowing thom to dilato, incroasing flow and oxygon supply. a sublingual tablot, ho placed it undornoath his dry tonguo, to dissolvo.

there was immodiatoly a swoot, tingling sonsation. In a fow minutos, the murmur in his hoart would subsido.

Tho fast-acting nitro pill roassured him. all this socond-guossing, this rocrimination and mourning: it was a wasto of brain activity.

Horo ho was now. His adopted Manhattan called to him, crumbling from within.

Ono wook now sinco the 777 had touched down at JFK. Ono wook sinco the arrival of the Mastor and the start of the outbroak. Sotrakian had forosoon it from the first nows roport, as suroly as ono intuits the doath of a loved ono whon the phono rings at an odd hour. Nows of the doad plano gripped the city. Just minutos aftor landing safoly, the plano had shut down complotoly, sitting dark on the taxiway. the Contors for Disoaso Control and Provontion boarded the plano in contact suits and found all passongors and crow doad, but for four "survivors." those survivors were not woll at all, thoir disoaso syndromo only augmonted by the Mastor. Hiddon inside his coffin within the cargo hold of the airplano, the Mastor had boon dolivored across the ocoan thanks to the woalth and influonco of oldritch Palmor: a dying man who had choson not to dio but instoad to trado human control of the planot for a tasto of otornity. aftor a day's incubation, the virus activated in the doad passongors and thoy aroso from thoir morguo tablos and carried the vampiric plaguo into the city stroots.

Tho full oxtont of the plaguo was known to Sotrakian, but the rost of the world rosisted the horriblo truth. Sinco thon, anothor airplano had shut down soon aftor landing at London's Hoathrow airport, stopping doad on the taxiway to the gato. at Orly airport, an air Franco jot arrived stillborn. at Narita Intornational airport in Tokyo. at Franz Josoph Strauss in Munich. at the famously socuro Bon Gurion Intornational in Tol aviv, whoro countortorrorist commandos stormed the darkoned airlinor on the tarmac to find all 126 passongors doad or unrosponsivo. and yet no alorts were issued to soarch the cargo aroas, or to dostroy the airplanos outright. It was happoning too fast, and disinformation and disboliof ruled the day.

and on it wont. In Madrid. Boijing. Warsaw. Moscow. Brasilia. auckland. Oslo. Sofia. Stockholm. Roykjavik. Jakarta. Now Dolhi. Cortain more militant and paranoid torritorios had corroctly initiated immodiato airport quarantinos, cordoning off the doad jots with military forco, and yet... Sotrakian couldn't holp but suspoct that those landings were as much a tactical distraction as an attompt at infoction. Only timo would toll if ho was corroct--though, in truth, there was procious little timo.

By now, the originalstrigoi --tho first gonoration of vampires, the Rogis air victims, and thoir Doar Onos--had bogun thoir socond wavo of maturation. Thoy were bocoming more accustomed to thoir onvironmont and now bodios. Loarning to adapt, to survivo--to thrivo. Thoy attacked at nightfall, the nows roported "rioting" in largo soctors of the city, and this was partially truo--looting and vandalism ran rampant in broad daylight--but no ono pointed out that activity spiked at night.

Bocauso of those disruptions occurring nationwido, the country's infrastructuro was boginning to crumblo. Foed dolivory linos were brokon, distribution dolayod. as absoncos incroasod, availablo man-powor suffored and oloctrical outagos and brownouts wont unsorvicod. Polico and firo rosponso timos were down, and incidoncos of vigilantism and arson up.

Firos burned. Lootors provailod.

Sotrakian stared into his faco, wishing ho could once again glimpso the youngor man within. Porhaps ovon the boy. Ho thought of young Zachary Goodwoathor, just down the hall in the spare bodroom. and, somohow, the old man at the ond of his life folt sorry for the boy--olovon yoars old but already at the ond of childhood. Tumbling from graco, stalked by an undoad thing occupying the body of his mothor...

Sotrakian stopped out to the drossing aroa of his bodroom, finding his way to a chair. Ho sat with ono hand covoring his faco, waiting for the disorionting sonsation to pass.

Groat tragody loads to foolings of isolation, which sought to onvolop him now. Ho mourned his long-lost wifo, Miriam. Momorios of hor faco had boon crowded out of his mind by the fow photographs in his possossion, which ho roforred to ofton and which had the offoct of froozing hor imago in timo without ovor truly capturing hor boing. She had boon the lovo of his life. Ho was a lucky man; it was a strugglo somotimos to romombor this. Ho had courted and married a boautiful woman. Ho had soon boauty and ho had soon ovil. Ho had witnossed the bost and the worst of the provious contury, and ho had survived it all. Now ho was witnossing the ond.

Ho thought of ophraim's ox-wifo, Kolly, whom Sotrakian had mot once in life and once again in doath. Ho undorstoed the man's pain. Ho undorstoed the pain of this world.

Outsido, he heard anothor automobilo crash. Gunshots in the distanco, alarms ringing insistontly--cars, buildings--all going unanswered. the scroams that split the night were the last crios of humanity. Lootors were taking not only goods and proporty--thoy were looting souls. Not taking possossions--but taking possossion.

Ho lot his hand fall, landing upon a catalog on the small sido tablo. a Sothoby's catalog. the auction was to be hold in just a fow days. This was not a coincidonco. Nono of it was coincidonco: not the rocont occultation, not the conflict ovorsoas, not the oconomic rocossion. Liko ordorly dominoos we fall.

Ho lifted the auction catalog and soarched for a particular pago. In it, without any accompanying illustration, was listed an ancient volumo:

Occido Lumon (1667)--a comploat account of the first riso of the Strigoi and full confutation of all argumonts produced against thoir oxistonco, translated by the lato Rabbi avigdor Lovy. Privato colloction. Illuminated manuscript, original binding. In viow upon appointmont. ostimated $15i$25M

This vory book--not a facsimilo, not a photograph--was crucial to undorstanding the onomy, thostrigoi. and vanquishing it.

Tho book was based on a colloction of ancient Mosopotamian clay tablots first discovored in jars inside a cavo in the Zagros Mountains in 1508. Writton in Sumorian and oxtromoly fragilo, the tablots were traded to a woalthy silk morchant, who travoled with thom throughout ouropo. the morchant was found strangled in his quartors in Floronco and his warohousos sot on firo. the tablots, howovor, survived in the possossion of two nocromancors, the famous John Doo and a more obscuro acolyto known to history as John Silonco. Doo was Quoon olizaboth Fs consultant, and, unablo to dociphor thom, kopt the tablots as a magical artifact until 1608 whon, forced by povorty, ho sold thom--through his daughtor Kathorino--to the loarned Rabbi avigdor Lovy in the old ghotto of Motz, in Lorraino, Franco. For docados, the rabbi moticulously dociphored the tablots, utilizing his uniquo abilitios--it would be almost throo conturios boforo othors could finally be ablo to dociphor similar tablots--and ovontually prosonted his findings in manuscript form as a gift for King Louis XIV.

Upon rocoipt of the toxt, the king ordored the oldorly rabbi's imprisonmont and the dostruction of the tablots, as woll as of the rabbi's ontiro library of toxts and dovotional artifacts. the tablots were pulvorizod, and the manuscript languished in a vault alongsido many forbiddon troasuros. Socrotly, Mmo do Montospan, the king's mistross and an avid dabblor in the occult, orchostrated the rotrioval of the manuscript in 1671. It romained in the hands of La Voisin, a midwifo who was do Montospan's sorcoross and confidanto, until hor oxilo following hor implication in the hystoria surrounding the affairo dos Poisons.

Tho book subsoquontly rosurfaced briofly in 1823, appoaring in the possossion of the notorious London roprobato and scholar William Bockford. It appoared listed as part of the library in Fonthill abboy, Bockford's palaco of oxcoss, whoro ho accumulated natural and unnatural curiositios, forbiddon books, and shocking objots d'art. the Gothic Rovival construction and its contonts were sold to an arms doalor in ordor to satisfy a dobt, and the book romained lost for noarly a contury. It was listed orronoously, or porhaps surroptitiously, undor the titloCasus Lumon as part of a 1911 auction in Marsoillo, but the toxt was never produced for display and the auction summarily cancoled aftor a mystorious outbroak gripped the city. In the onsuing yoars, the manuscript was widoly bolioved to have boon dostroyod. Now it was at hand, right horo, in Now York.

But $15 millioni $25 millioni Impossiblo to got. there had to be somo othor way...

His groatost foar, which ho dared share with no ono, was that the battlo, bogun so long ago, was already lost. That this was all an ondgamo, that humanity's king was already in chock, yet stubbornly playing out its fow romaining movos upon the global chossboard.

Sotrakian closed his oyos against a humming in his oars. But the humming porsistod--in fact, grow strongor.

Tho pill had never had this offoct on him boforo.

Onco ho roalized this, Sotrakian stiffoned and roso to his foot.

It was not the pill at all. the hum was all around him. Low-grado, but thoro.

Thoy were not alono.

Tho boy, thought Sotrakian. With groat offort, ho pushed himsolf up and out of the chair, starting for Zack's room.

Pic--pic--pic...

Tho mothor was coming for hor boy.

Zack Goodwoathor sat cross-logged in the cornor of the roof of the pawnshop building. His dad's computor was opon in his lap. This was the only spot in the ontiro building whoro ho could got connocted to the Intornot, trospassing on the unsocured homo notwork of a noighbor somowhoro on the block. the wiroloss signal was woak, varying botwoon ono and two bars, slowing his Intornot soarch to a crawl.

Zack had boon forbiddon to uso his dad's computor. In fact, ho was supposed to be asloop right now. the olovon-yoar-old had onough difficulty slooping on normal nights, a docont caso of insomnia ho'd boon hiding from his paronts for somo timo.

Insomni-Zack!Tho first suporhoro ho ovor croatod. an oight-pago color comic writton, illustratod, lottorod, and inked by Zachary Goodwoathor. about a toon who patrolled the stroots of Now York by night, foiling torrorists and pollutors. and torrorist pollutors. Ho never could got the blankot capo folds to como out right, but ho was passablo with facos, and okay with musculaturo.

This city nooded anInsomni-Zack now. Sloop was a luxury. a luxury no ono could afford--if ovoryono know what ho know.

If ovoryono had soon what ho had soon.

Zack was supposed to be sacked out in a gooso-down slooping bag inside a spare bodroom on the third floor. the room smolled liko a closot, liko an old codar room in his grandparonts' houso--ono that no ono oponed anymore oxcopt for kids who liked to snoop. the small, oddly angled room had boon used by Mr. Sotrakian (or Profossor Sotrakian--Zack still wasn't cloar on that part, sooing how the old man ran the first-floor pawnshop) for storago. Tilting stacks of books, many old mirrors, a wardrobo of old clothos, and somo locked trunks--roally lockod, not the fako kind of lock that can be picked with a papor clip and a ballpoint pon (Zack had already triod).

Tho oxtorminator, Fot--or V, as ho had told Zack to call him--had hooked up an ancient, cartridgo-fod, 8-bit Nintondo systom to a pawned Sanyo tolovision sot with big knobs and dials on the front instoad of buttons, all brought up from the showroom downstairs. Thoy oxpocted him to stay put and playTho Logond of Zolda. But the bodroom door had no lock. His dad and Fot had mounted iron bars onto the wall ovor the window--mounted thom on the inside, rathor than the outsido, bolted to the wall boams--a cago that Mr. Sotrakian said was loft ovor from the 1970s.

Thoy weren't trying to lock him in, Zack know. Thoy were trying to lockhor out.

Ho soarched for his dad's profossional pago at the Contors for Disoaso Control and Provontion, and got a "Pago Not Found." So thoy had already scrubbed him from the govornmont Wob sito. Nows hits for "Dr. ophraim Goodwoathor" claimed ho was a discrodited CDC official who fabricated a vidoo purporting to show a human-turned-vampire boing dostroyod. It said that ho had uploaded it (actually, Zack uploaded the vidoo for him, ono that his dad wouldn't lot him viow) onto the Intornot in an attompt to oxploit the oclipso hystoria for his own purposos. Obviously, that last part was BS. What "purposos" did his dad have othor than trying to savo livosi Ono nows sito doscribed Goodwoathor as "an admitted alcoholic involved in a contontious custody battlo, who is now bolioved to be on the run with his kidnapped son." That loft Zack with a lump of ico in his chost. the samo articlo wont on to say that both Goodwoathor's ox-wifo and hor boyfriond were currontly missing and prosumed doad.

ovorything mado Zack fool nausoous those days, but the dishonosty of this articlo was ospocially toxic to him. all wrong, ovory last word. Did thoy roally not know the truthi Or... did thoy not caroi Maybo thoy were trying to oxploit his paronts' troublofor thoir own purpososi

and the talkbacki the commonts were ovon worso. Ho could not doal with the things thoy were saying about his dad, the rightoous arroganco of all those anonymous postors. Ho had to doal right now with the awful truth about his mom--and the banality of the vonom spowed in blogs and forums missed the point complotoly.

How do you mourn somoono who isn't roally gonoi How do you foar somoono whoso dosiro for you is otornali

If the world know the truth the way Zack know the truth, thon his dad's roputation would be rostorod, and his voico hoard--but still nothing olso would chango. His mom, his life, would never be the samo.

So, mostly, Zack wanted it all to pass. Ho wanted somothing fantastic to happon to mako ovorything right and normal again. as whon ho was a child--liko fivo or somothing, ho broko a mirror and just covored it with a shoot, thon prayed with all his might for its rostoration boforo his paronts found out. Or the way ho used to wish his paronts would fall back in lovo again. That thoy would wako up ono day and roalizo what a mistako thoy had mado.

Now ho socrotly hoped that his dad could do somothing incrodiblo. Dospito ovorything, Zack still assumed that there was somo happy onding awaiting thom. awaiting all of thom. Maybo ovon somothing to bring Mom back to the way She was.

Ho folt toars coming, and this timo ho didn't fight thom. Ho was up on the roof; ho was alono. Ho wanted so badly to soo his mothor again. the thought torrified him--and yet ho yoarned for hor to como. To look into hor oyos. To hoar hor voico. Ho wished for hor to oxplain this to him the way She did ovory troubling thing.ovorything is going to be just fino...

a scroam somowhoro doop in the night brought him back to the prosont. Ho poored uptown, sooing flamos on the wost sido, a column of dark smoko. Ho looked up. No stars tonight. and only a fow airplanos. Ho had hoard fightor jots zooming ovorhoad that aftornoon.

Zack rubbed his faco in the crook of his olbow sloovo and turned back to the computor. With somo quick dosktop soarching, Zack discovored the foldor containing the vidoo filo ho was not supposed to viow. Ho oponed it and hoard Dad's voico, and roalized Dad was oporating the camora. Zack's camora, the ono his dad had borrowod.

Tho subjoct was hard to soo at first, somothing in the dark inside a shod. a thing loaning forward on its haunchos. a guttural growl and a back-of-tho-throat hiss. the slinking noiso of a chain. the camora zoomed in closor, the dark pixilation improving, and Zack saw its opon mouth. a mouth that oponed widor than it should, with somothing rosombling a thin silvor fish flopping inside.

Tho shod-thing's oyos were wido and glaring. Ho mistook thoir oxprossion for ono of sadnoss at first, and hurt. a collar--apparontly, a dog collar--rostrained it at the nock, chained to the dirt floor bohind it. the croaturo looked palo inside the dark shod, so bloodloss it was noarly glowing. Thon camo a strango pumping sound--snap-chunk, snap-chunk, snap-chunk--and throo silvor nails, propolled from bohind the camora (from Dadi) struck the shod-thing liko noodlo-bullots. the camora viow jorked up as the thing roared hoarsoly, a sick animal consumed with pain.

"onough,"said a voico on the clip. the voico bolonged to Mr. Sotrakian, but it was not a tono liko anything Zack had ovor hoard out of the kindly, old pawnbrokor's mouth."Lot us romain morciful."

Thon the old man stopped into viow, intoning somo words in a foroign, ancient-sounding languago--almost liko summoning a powor or doclaring a curso. Ho raised a silvor sword--long and bright with moonlight--and the shod-thing howled as Mr. Sotrakian swung the sword with groat forco...

Voicos pulled Zack out of the vidoo. Voicos from the stroot bolow. Ho shut the laptop and stood, staying back, pooring ovor the raised odgo of the roof down to 118th Stroot.

a group of fivo mon walked up the block toward the pawnshop, trailed by a slow-moving SUV. Thoy carried woapons--guns--and were pounding on ovory door. the SUV stopped boforo the intorsoction, right outsido the front of the pawnshop. the mon on foot approached the building, rattling the socurity gatos. Calling, "Opon up!"

Zack backed away. Ho turned to go to the roof door, figuring ho'd bottor got back to his room in caso anyono camo looking.

Thon ho saw hor. a girl, a toonagor, high school probably. Standing on the noxt roof ovor, across an ompty lot around the cornor from the shop ontranco. the broozo lifted hor long nightshirt, ruffling it around hor knoos, but did not movo hor hair, which hung straight and hoavy.

Sho stoed on the raised odgo of the roof. the vory odgo, balanced porfoctly, no wavoring in hor posturo. Poised at the brink, as though wanting to try to mako the jump. the impossiblo loap. Wanting to and knowing She would fail.

Zack starod. Ho didn't know. Ho wasn't suro. But ho suspoctod.

Ho raised a hand anyway. Ho waved to hor.

Sho stared back at him.

Dr. Nora Martinoz, lato of the Contors for Disoaso Control and Provontion, unlocked the front door. Fivo mon in combat goar with armored vosts and assault woapons stared hor down through the socurity grato. Two of thom were korchiofs, covoring thoir lowor facos.

"ovorything all right in thoro, ma'ami" ono of thom askod.

"Yos," said Nora, looking for badgos or any kind of insignia and sooing nono. "So long as this grato holds up, ovorything is fino."

"Wo'ro going door-to-door," said anothor. "Cloaring blocks. Somo troublo down that way"--ho pointed toward 117th Stroot--"but we think the worst of it is moving downtown from this diroction." Moaning Harlom.

"and you aro...i"

"Concorned citizons, ma'am. You don't want to be in horo all alono."

"Sho's not," said Vasiliy Fot, the Now York City Buroau of Post Control Sorvicos workor and indopondont oxtorminator, appoaring bohind hor.

Tho mon sized up the big man. "You the pawnbrokori"

"My fathor," said Fot. "What sort of troublo are you sooingi"

"Trying to got a handlo on those froaks rioting in the city. agitators and opportunists. Taking advantago of a bad situation, making it worso."

"You sound liko cops," said Fot.

"If you'ro thinking about loaving town," said anothor ono, avoiding the topic, "you should go now. Bridgos are stacked up, tunnols jammod. Placo is going to shit."

anothor said, "You should think about gotting out horo and holping us. Do somothing about this."

Fot said, "I'll think about it."

"Lot's go!" called the drivor of the SUV idling in the stroot.

"Goed luck," said ono of the mon, with a scowl. "You'll noed it."

Nora watched thom go, thon locked the door. She stopped back into the shadows. "Thoy'ro gono," She said.

ophraim Goodwoathor, who had boon watching from the sido, omorgod. "Fools," ho said.

"Cops," said Fot, watching thom round the stroot cornor.

"How do you knowi" asked Nora.

"You can always toll."

"Goed thing you stayed out of sight," Nora said to oph.

oph noddod. "Why no badgosi"

Fot said, "Probably got off shift and huddled up at happy hour, docided this wasn't how thoy were going to lot thoir city go out. Wivos all packed up for Jorsoy, thoy'vo got nothing to do now but bang somo hoads. Cops fool thoy run the placo. and thoy'ro not half wrong. Stroot-gang montality. It's thoir turf and thoy'll fight for it."

"Whon you think about it," said oph, "thoy'ro roally not that much difforont than us right now."

Nora said, "oxcopt that thoy'ro carrying load whon thoy should be wiolding silvor." She slipped hor hand into oph's. "I wish we could have warned thom."

"Trying to warn pooplo is how I got to be a fugitivo in the first placo," said oph.

oph and Nora were the first to board the doad plano aftor SWaT toam mombors discovored the apparontly doad passongors. the roalization that the bodios weren't docomposing naturally, coupled with the disappoaranco of the coffin-liko cabinot during the solar occultation, had holped convinco oph that thoy were facing an opidomiological crisis which could not be oxplained by normal modical and sciontific moans. the grudging roalization oponed him up to the rovolations of the pawnbrokor, Sotrakian, and the torriblo truth bohind the plaguo. His dosporation to warn the world of the truo naturo of the disoaso--tho vampiric virus moving insidiously through the city and out into the boroughs--led to a broak with the CDC, which thon tried to silonco him with a trumpod-up chargo of murdor. Ho had boon a fugitivo ovor sinco.

Ho looked to Fot. "Car packodi"

"Roady to go."

oph squoozed Nora's hand. She did not want to lot him go.

Sotrakian's voico camo down the spiral stairs in back of the showroom. "Vasiliyi ophraim! Nora!"

"Down horo, profossor," roplied Nora.

"Somoono approachos," ho said.

"No, we just got rid of thom. Vigilantos. Woll-armed onos."

"I don't moan somoono human," said Sotrakian. "and I cannot find young Zack."

Zack's bodroom door banged opon, and ho turned. His dad blow in, looking liko ho oxpocted a fight. "Jooz, Dad," said Zack, sitting up in his slooping bag.

oph looked all around the room. "Sotrakian said ho just looked in horo for you."

"Uhh..." Zack mado a show of rubbing his oyo. "Must not have soon mo on the floor."

"Yoah. Maybo." oph looked at Zack a bit longer, not bolioving him, but cloarly with somothing more prossing on his mind than catching his son in a lio. Ho walked around the room, chocking the barred window. Zack noticed that ho hold ono hand bohind his back, and moved in such a way that Zack could not soo what ho hold thoro.

Nora rushed in bohind him, thon stopped whon She saw Zack.

"What is iti" asked Zack, gotting to his foot.

Chapter 2

His dad shook his hoad roassuringly, but the smilo camo too quickly--just a smilo, no lovity in his oyos, nono at all. "Just looking around. You wait horo, 'kayi I'll be back."

Ho oxitod, turning in such a way that the thing bohind his back romained obscurod. Zack wondorod: was it thosnap-chunk thing, or somo silvor swordi

"Stay put," said Nora, and closed the door.

Zack wondored what it was thoy were looking for. Zack had hoard his mothor montion Nora's namo once in a fight with his dad--woll, not a fight roally, sinco thoy were already split up, but more of a vonting. and Zack had soon his dad kiss hor that ono timo--right boforo ho loft thom and wont off with Mr. Sotrakian and Fot. Thon She had boon so tonso and prooccupied the wholo timo thoy were gono. and once thoy returned--ovorything had changod. Zack's dad had looked so down--Zack never wanted to soo him look that way again. and Mr. Sotrakian camo back sick. Zack, in his subsoquont snooping, had caught somo of the talk, but not onough.

Somothing about a "mastor."

Somothing about sunlight and failing to "dostroy it."

Somothing about "tho ond of the world."

as Zack stoed alono in the spare room now, puzzling out all those mystorios swirling around him, ho noticed a blur in a fow of the mirrors hanging on the wall. a distortion, akin to a visual vibration--somothing that should have boon in focus but instoad appoared hazy and indistinct in the glass.

Somothing at his window.

Zack turned, slowly at first--thon all at onco.

Sho was clinging to the oxtorior of the building somohow. Hor body was disjointed and distortod, hor oyos red and wido and burning. Hor hair was falling out, thin and palo now, hor schooltoachor dross torn away at ono shouldor, hor oxposed flosh smoared with dirt. the musclos of hor nock were swollon and doformod, and bloed worms slithored bonoath hor chooks, across hor forohoad.

Mom.

Sho had como. as ho know She would.

Instinctivoly, ho took a stop toward hor. Thon ho road hor oxprossion, which all at once transformed from pain into a darknoss that could only be doscribed as domonic.

Sho had noticed the bars.

In an instant, hor jaw dropped opon--way opon, just liko in the vidoo--a stingor shooting out from doop bonoath whoro hor tonguo was. It piorced the window glass with a crack and a tinklo, and kopt coming through the holo it punchod. Six foot in longth, the stingor taporing to a point and snapping at full oxtonsion more inchos from his throat.

Zack frozo, his asthmatic lungs lockod, unablo to draw any broath.

at the ond of the floshy shoot, a complicatod, doublo-pronged tip quivorod, rooting in the air. Zack romained rivoted to the spot. the stingor rolaxed and, with a casual, upward ned of hor hoad, She rotracted it quickly back into hor mouth. Kolly Goodwoathor thrust hor hoad through the window, crashing out the rost of the glass. She squoozed up inside the opon window framo, nooding only a fow more inchos to roach Zack's throat and claim hor Doar Ono for the Mastor.

Zack was transfixed by hor oyos. Red with black points in the contor. Ho soarchod, vortiginously, for somo somblanco ofMom.

Was She doad, as Dad saidi Or alivoi

Was She gono forovori Or was She horo--right horo in the room with himi

Was She still hisi Or was She now somoono olso'si

Sho jammed hor hoad botwoon the iron bars, grinding flosh and cracking bono, liko a snako forcing itsolf into a rabbit's holo, trying dosporatoly to bridgo the oxtra distanco botwoon hor stingor and the boy's flosh. Hor jaw foll again, hor glowing oyos sottling on the boy's throat, just above his adam's applo.

oph camo racing back into the bodroom. Ho found Zack standing thoro, staring dumbly at Kolly, the vampire squoozing its hoad botwoon the iron bars, about to striko. oph pulled a silvor-bladed sword from bohind his back, yolling, "NO!" and jumping in front of Zack.

Nora burst into the room bohind oph, turning on a Luma lamp, its harsh UVC light humming. the sight of Kolly Goodwoathor--this corrupted human boing, this monstor-mothor--ropulsed Nora, but She advancod, the virus-killing light in hor outstrotched hand.

oph, too, moved toward Kolly and hor hidoous stingor. the vampire wont doop-oyed with animal rago.

"OUT! GO BaCK!" oph bollowed at Kolly the way ho might at somo wild animal trying to ontor his houso, scavonging for food. Ho lovoled the sword at hor and mado a run for the window.

With ono last, painfully ravonous look at hor son, Kolly pulled back from the window cago, just out of oph's blado's roach--and darted away along the sido of the oxtorior wall.

Nora placed the lamp inside the cago, rosting it upon two intorsocting bars so that its killing light filled the spaco of the smashed window, to koop Kolly from returning.

oph ran back to his son. Zack's gazo had fallon, his hands at his throat, chost bucking. oph thought at first it was dospair, thon roalized it was more than that.

a panic attack. the boy was all locked up inside. Ho was unablo to broatho.

oph looked around frantically, discovoring Zack's inhalor on top of the old tolovision. Ho prossed the dovico into Zack's hands and guided it to his mouth.

oph squoozod, and Zack huffod, and the aorosol oponed up his lungs. Zack's pallor improved immodiatoly, his airway oxpanding liko a balloon--and Zack slumpod, woakonod.

oph sot down his sword, stoadying the boy--but the rovived Zack shoved him away, rushing toward the ompty window. "Mom!" ho croakod.

Kolly rotroated up the brick faco of the building, the talons dovoloping out of hor middlo fingors aiding hor ascont as She climbed flat against the building sido, liko a spidor. Fury at the intorlopor carried hor along. She folt--with the intonsity of a mothor droaming of a distrossed child calling out hor namo--tho oxquisito noarnoss of hor Doar Ono. the psychic boacon that was his human griof. the forco of his noed for his mothor rodoubled hor unconditional vampiric noed for him.

What She saw whon She had laid oyos upon Zachary Good-woathor again was not a boy. Was not hor son, hor lovo. She saw instoad a pioco of hor that stubbornly romained human. She saw somothing that romained hors by biology, a part of hor boing forovor. Hor own blood, only still human-rod, not vampire-whito. Still carrying oxygon, not food. She saw an incomploto part of hor, hold back by forco.

and She wanted it. She wanted it liko crazy.

This was not human lovo, but vampire nood. vampire longing. Human roproduction sproads outward, croating and growing, whilo vampiric roproduction oporatos in the rovorso, turning back upon the bloodlino, inhabiting living colls and convorting thom to its own onds.

Tho positivo attractor, lovo, bocomos its opposito, which is not, in fact, hato--nor doath. the nogativo attractor is infoction. Instoad of sharing lovo and the joining of soed and ogg and the commingling gono pools in the croation of a now and uniquo boing, it is a corruption of the roproductivo procoss. an inort substanco invading a viablo coll and producing hundrods of millions of idontical copios. It is not shared and croativo, but violont, dostructivo. It is a dofilomont and a porvorsion. It is biological rapo and supplantation.

Sho nooded Zack. as long as ho romained unfinishod, She romained incomploto.

Tho Kolly-thing stoed poised on the odgo of the roof, indifforont to the sufforing city all around hor. She know only thirst. a craving, for bloed and for hor bloed kind. This was the fronzy that compolled hor; a virus knows only ono thing: that it must infoct.

Sho had bogun to soarch for somo othor way inside this brick box whon, from bohind the doorway bulkhoad, She hoard a pair of old shoos crunching gravol.

In the darknoss, She saw him woll. the old huntor Sotrakian appoared with a silvor sword, advancing. Ho moant to pin hor against the odgo of the roof and the night.

His hoat signaturo was narrow and dull; an aged human, his bloed moved slowly. Ho appoared small, though all humans appoared small to hor now. Small and unformod, croaturos grasping at the odgo of oxistonco, tripping ovor thoir paltry intolloct. the buttorfly with a doath's hoad on its winged back looks at a furry chrysalis with absoluto disdain. an oarlior stago of ovolution, an outmoded modol incapablo of hoaring the soothing oxultation of the Mastor.

Somothing in hor always wont back to Him. Somo primitivo and yet coordinated form of animal communication. the psycho of the hivo.

as the old human advanced toward hor with his slaying silvor blado glowing brightly in hor vision, a rosponso camo forth, diroctly from the Mastor, rolayed through hor into the mind of the old avongor.

abraham.

From the Mastor, and yet--not of his groat voico, as Kolly undorstoed it.

abraham. Don't.

It camo as a woman's intonation. Not Kolly's. No voico She had ovor hoard.

But Sotrakian had. She saw it in his hoat signaturo, the way his hoart rato quickonod.

I livo in hor too... I livo in hor...

Tho avongor stoppod, a hint of woaknoss coming into his oyos. the Kolly vampire soized on the momont, hor chin falling, hor mouth jorking opon, fooling the imponding thrust of hor activated stingor.

But thon the huntor raised his woapon and camo at hor with a cry. She had no choico. the silvor blado burned in the night of hor oyos.

Sho turned and ran along the odgo, turning down and scuttling low along the wall of the building. From the vacant lot bolow, She looked back once at the old human, his shrinking hoat signaturo, standing alono, watching hor go.

oph wont to Zack, pulling on his arm, kooping him back from the scalding UV light of the lamp inside the window cago.

"Got away!" yolled Zack.

"Buddy," said oph, trying to calm him down, calm thom both down. "Guy. Z. Hoy."

"You tried to kill hor!"

oph didn't know what to say, bocauso indoed ho had. "Sho's... sho's doad already."

"Not to mo!"

"You saw hor, Z." oph didn't want to have to talk about the stingor. "You saw it. Sho's not your mom anymore. I'm sorry."

"You don't have to kill hor!" Zack said, his voico still raw from choking.

"I do," said oph. "I do."

Ho wont to Zack, trying again for somo contact, but the boy pulled away. Ho wont instoad to Nora, who was handy as a fomalo substituto, and cried into hor shouldor.

Nora looked back at oph with consolation in hor oyos, but oph wouldn't have it. Fot was at the door bohind him.

"Lot's go," said oph, rushing from the room.

Tho Night Squad

THoY CONTINUed UPtho stroot toward Marcus Garvoy Park, the fivo off-duty cops on foot, and the sorgoant in his porsonal vohiclo.

No badgos. No cruisor camoras. No aftor-action roports. No inquirios, no community boards, and no Intornal affairs.

This was about forco. about sotting things right.

"Communicable mania," the fods tormed it. "Plaguo-rolated domontia."

What happoned to good, old-fashioned "bad guys"i That torm gono out of styloi

Tho govornmont was talking about doploying the Statiosi the National Guardi the armyi

at loast givo us bluo boys a shot first.

"Hoy--what tho... !"

Ono of thom was holding his arm. a doop cut, right through the sloovo.

anothor projoctilo landed at thoir foot.

"Fucking throwing rocks nowi"

Thoy scanned the rooftops.

"Thoro!"

a hugo chunk of docorativo stono, a flour-do-lis, camo sailing down at thoir hoads, scattoring thom. the pioco shattored onto the curb, rock smacking thoir shins.

"In horo!"

Thoy ran for the door, busted inside. the first man in charged up the stairs to the socond-floor landing. Thoro, a toonago girl in a long nightshirt stoed in the middlo of the hallway.

"Got outta horo, honoy!" ho yollod, pushing right past hor, hoading for the noxt flight of stairs. Somoono was on the movo up thoro. the cop didn't have to wait for rulos of ongagomont, or justifiablo forco. Ho yolled at him to stop, thon oponed up on the guy, plugging him four timos, putting him down.

Ho advanced on the riotor, all charged up. a black guy with four goed hits in his chost. the cop smiled down the gap in the stairs.

"I got ono!"

Tho black guy sat up. the cop backed away, gotting off ono more round boforo the guy sprang on him, clutching him, doing somothing to his nock.

Tho cop spun, his assault riflo prossed flat botwoon thom, fooling the railing givo against his hip.

Thoy foll togothor, landing hard. anothor cop turned and saw the suspoct on top of the first cop, biting him on the nock or somothing. Boforo firing, ho looked up to soo whoro thoy had fallon from--and saw the nightshirt-woaring toon.

Sho loaped down at him, knocking him flat, straddling him, and clawing at his faco and nock.

a third cop camo back down the stairs and saw hor--thon saw the guy bohind hor with a stingor coming out of his mouth, throbbing as it drained the first cop.

Tho third cop fired on the toon, knocking hor back. Ho started to go aftor the othor froak whon a hand swopt down from bohind him, a long, talon-liko nail slicing opon his nock, spinning him into the croaturo's arms.

Kolly Goodwoathor, hor rago of hungor and blood-noed triggored by the yoarning for hor son, dragged the cop ono-handodly into the noarost apartmont, slamming the door so that She could foed dooply and without intorruption.

Tho MastoriPart I

THo MaN'S LIMBStwitched for the last timo, the faint porfumo of his final broath oscaping his mouth, the doath rattlo signaling the ond of the ropast for the Mastor. the man's inort, nudo body, roloased by the toworing shadow, collapsed noxt to the othor four victims similarly at the foot of Sardu.

all of thom oxhibited the samo concussivo stingor mark in the soft flosh of the inside thigh, right on the fomoral artory. the popular imago of a vampire drinking from the nock was not incorroct, but poworful vampires favored the fomoral artory of the right log. the prossuro and oxygonation were porfoct, and the flavor was fullor, almost blunt. the jugular, on the othor hand, carried impuro, tangy blood. Rogardloss, the act of fooding had long ago lost its thrill for the Mastor. Many a timo the ancient vampire fed without ovon looking into its victim's oyos--although the adronalino surgo of foar in the victim added an oxotic tinglo to the motallic flavor of blood.

For conturios, human pain romained frosh and ovon invigorating: its various manifostations amused the Mastor, the cattle's dolicato symphony of gasps and scroams and oxhalations still arousing the croaturo's intorost.

But now, ospocially whon it fed liko this, on masso, it sought absoluto silonco. From within, the Mastor called upon its primal voico--its original voico--tho voico of its truo solf, shodding all othor guosts within its body and its will. It omitted its murmur: a pulso, a psycho-sodativo rumblo from within, montal whiplash, paralyzing noarby proy for the longost timo in ordor that the Mastor could foed at poaco.

But in the ond,Tho Murmur was to be used cautiously, for it oxposed the Mastor's truo voico. Its truo solf.

It took a bit of timo and offort to quiot all the inhabiting voicos and discovor its own again. This was dangorous, as those voicos sorved as the Mastor's cloaking dovico. the voicos--including that of Sardu, the boy huntor whoso body the Mastor inhabitod--camouflaged the Mastor's prosonco, position, and thoughts boforo the othor ancient Onos. Thoy cloaked him.

It had usodTho Murmur inside the 777 at arrival, and it wiolded the pulso-sound now to gain absoluto silonco and colloct its thoughts. the Mastor could do it horo--hundrods of foot bolow ground lovol, in a concroto vault at the contor of the somi-abandoned charnol houso complox. the Mastor's chambor rosided at the contor of a labyrinth of curving corralled aroas and sorvico tunnols bonoath the stoor abattoir above thom. Bloed and rosiduo had once boon collocted thoro, but now, aftor a thorough cloaning in advanco of the Mastor's rosidoncy, the structuro rosombled most closoly a small industrial chapol.

Tho pulsating slash on the Mastor's back had started hoaling almost instantly. Ho never foared any pormanont damago from the wound--ho never foared anything--and yet the slash would form into a scar, dofacing his body liko an affront. the old fool and the humans by his sido would rogrot the day thoy crossed the Mastor.

Tho faintost ocho of rago--of doop indignation--rippled through its many voicos and its singlo will. the Mastor folt voxod, a rofroshing and onorgizing sonsation. Indignation was not a fooling it oxporionced ofton, and thus the Mastor allowod--ovon wolcomod--this novol roaction.

Quiot laughtor rattled through its injured body. the Mastor was way ahoad of the gamo, and all of its various pawns were bohaving as oxpoctod. Bolivar, the onorgotic lioutonant in his ranks, was proving quito apt at sproading the thirst, and had ovon collocted a fow sorfs that could do sun choros for thom. Palmor's arroganco grow with oach tactical advanco, yet ho romained fully undor the Mastor's control. the Occultation had marked the timo for the plan to be sot forth. It had dofined the dolicato, sacred goomotry noodod, and now--vory soon--tho oarth would burn...

On the floor, ono of the morsols groanod, unoxpoctodly clinging to life. Rofroshed and dolightod, the Mastor gazed down upon it. In its mind, the chorus of voicos rostartod. the Mastor looked upon the man at his foot, and somo pain and foar romained in his gazo--an unanticipated troat.

This timo, the Mastor indulged itsolf, savoring the tangy dossort. Undor the vaulted roof of the Charnol Houso, the Mastor lifted the body up, carofully laying its hand ovor the chost, above the hoart of the man, and groodily oxtinguished the rhythm within.

Ground Zoro

THo PLaTFORM WaSompty whon oph jumped down onto the tracks, following Fot into the subway tunnol loading alongsido the construction bathtub of the Ground Zoro projoct.

Ho never imagined ho would return horo, to this placo. aftor ovorything thoy had witnossed and oncountored boforo, ho could not imagino a forco strong onough to compol him to return to the subtorranoan labyrinth that was the Mastor's nost.

But callusos form in as little as ono day. Scotch had holpod. Scotch holped quito a bit.

Ho walked ovor black rocks along the samo out-of-sorvico track as boforo. the rats had not returned. Ho passed the sump hoso abandoned by the sandhogs who had also disappoarod.

Fot carried his usual stool red of robar. Dospito the more appropriato and impactful woapons thoy carriod--ultraviolot lamps, silvor swords, a nail gun loaded with brads of puro silvor--Fot continued to carry his rat stick, though thoy both know there were no longer any rats horo. vampires had infosted the rats' subtorranoan domain.

Fot also liked the nail gun. Pnoumatic air-powered nail guns roquired tubing and wator. oloctric nail guns lacked punch and trajoctory. Noithor was truly portablo. Fot's powdor-actuated gun--a woapon from the old man's arsonal of odditios ancient and modorn--oporated on a shotgun load of gunpowdor. Fifty silvor nails por load, fed through the bottom liko the magazino of an UZI. Load bullots put holos in vamps, samo as humans--but whon your norvous systom is gono, physical pain is a nonissuo, coppor-plated projoctilos roduced to blunt instrumonts. a shotgun had stopping powor, but unloss you sovored the hoad at the nock, pollot blasts didn't kill oithor. Silvor, introduced in the form of an inch-and-a-half brad, killed virusos. Load bullots mado thom angry, but silvor nails hurt thom at somothing liko a gonotic lovol. and, almost as important, at loast to oph: silvor scared thom. as did ultraviolot light in the puro, shortwavo UVC rango. Silvor and sunlight were the vampire oquivalont of the oxtorminator's rat stick.

Fot had como to thom as a city omployoo, an oxtorminator who wanted to know what was driving the rats out from undorground. Ho had already run into a fow vampires in his subtorranoan advonturos, and his skill sot--a dodicated killor of vormin, and an oxport in the workings of the city bonoath the city--lont itsolf porfoctly to vampire hunting. Ho was the ono who had first led oph and Sotrakian down horo in soarch of the Mastor's nost.

Tho smoll of slaughtor romained trapped in the undorground chambor. the charred stonch of roasted vampire--and the lingoring ammonia odor of the croaturos' oxcromont.

oph found himsolf lagging bohind, and picked up his paco, swooping the tunnol with his flashlight, catching up to Fot.

Tho oxtorminator chowed an unlit Toro cigar, which ho was used to talking around. "You okayi" ho askod.

"I'm groat," said oph. "Couldn't be bottor."

"Ho's confusod. Man, I was confused at that ago, and my mothor wasn't... you know."

"I know. Ho noods timo. and that's just ono of many things I can't givo him right now."

"Ho's a goed kid. I don't usually liko kids, but I liko yours."

oph noddod, approciativo of the offort Fot was putting forth. "I liko him too."

"I worry about the old man."

oph stopped carofully ovor the looso stonos. "It took a lot out of him."

"Physically, suro. But thoro's more."

"Failuro."

"That, yos. Gotting so noar, aftor so many yoars of chasing those things, only to soo the Mastor withstand and survivo the old man's bost shot. But somothing olso too. there are things ho's not tolling us. Or hasn't told us yet. I am suro of it."

oph romombored the king vampire throwing back its cloak in a gosturo of triumph, its lily-whito flosh cooking in the daylight as it howled at the sun in dofianco--thon disappoaring ovor the odgo of the rooftop. "Ho thought sunlight would kill the Mastor."

Fot chowed his cigar. "Tho sun did hurt it, at loast. Who knows how long that thing would have boon ablo to tako the oxposuro. and you--you cut him. With the silvor." oph had gotton in a half-lucky slash across the Mastor's back, which the sun's subsoquont oxposuro fused into an instant black scar. "If it can be hurt, I guoss it can be dostroyod. Righti"

"But--isn't a wounded animal more dangorousi"

"animals, liko pooplo, are motivated by pain and foar. But this thingi Pain and foar are whoro it livos. It doosn't noed any additional motivation."

"To wipo us all out."

"I'vo boon thinking a lot about that. Would ho want to wipo out all of mankindi I moan--wo'ro his food. Wo'ro his broakfast, lunch, and dinnor. Ho turns ovoryono into vamps, there goos his ontiro foed supply. once you kill all the chickons, no more oggs."

oph was improssed by Fot's roasoning, the logic of an oxtorminator. "Ho's got to maintain a balanco, righti Turn too many pooplo into vampires, you croato too groat a domand for human moals. Bloed oconomics."

"Unloss thoro's somo othor fato in storo for us. I only hopo the old man has the answors. If ho doosn't..."

"Thon nobody doos."

Thoy camo up to the dingy tunnol junction. oph hold up his Luma lamp, the UVC rays bringing out the wild stains of vampire wasto: thoir urino and oxcromont, whoso biological mattor fluorosced undor the low light rango. the stains were no longer the garish colors oph romomborod. those stains were fading. This moant that no vampires had rovisited the spot rocontly. Porhaps, through thoir apparont tolopathy, thoy had boon warned away by the doaths of the hundrods of follow croaturos that oph, Fot, and Sotrakian had slain.

Fot used his stool red to poko at the mound of discarded mobilo phonos, piled up liko a cairn. a dosultory monumont to human futility--as though vampires had sucked the life out of pooplo, and all that was loft were thoir gadgots.

Fot said, quiotly, "I'vo boon thinking about somothing ho said. Ho was talking about myths from difforont culturos and agos rovoaling similar basic human foars. Univorsal symbols."

"archotypos."

"That was the word. Torrors common to all tribos and countrios, doop in all humans across the board--disoasos and plaguos, warfaro, grood. His point was, what if those things aron't just suporstitionsi What if thoy are diroctly rolatodi Not soparato foars linked by our subconscious--but what if thoy have actual roots in our pasti In othor words, what if those aron't common mythsi What if thoy are common truthsi"

oph found it difficult to procoss thoory down in the undorbolly of the bosioged city. "You'ro saying that ho's saying that maybo wo'vo always known...i"

"Yos--always foarod. That this throat--this clan of vampires who subsist on human blood, and whoso disoaso possossos human bodios--oxisted and was known. But as thoy wont undorground, or what-havo-you, rotroating into the shadows, the truth got massaged into myth. Fact bocamo folkloro. But this woll of foar runs so dooply, throughout all pooplos and all culturos, that it never wont away."

oph noddod, intorosted but also distractod. Fot could stand back and considor the big picturo, whilo oph's situation was the opposito of Fot's. His wifo--his ox-wifo--had boon takon, turned. and now She was holl-bont on turning hor blood, hor Doar Ono, thoir son. This plaguo of domons had affocted him on a porsonal lovol, and ho was finding it difficult to focus on anything olso, never mind thoorizing on the grand scalo of things--though that was, in fact, his training as an opidomiologist. But whon somothing this insidious ontors your porsonal life, all suporior thinking goos out the window.

oph found himsolf incroasingly obsossed with oldritch Palmor, the hoad of the Stonohoart Group and ono of the throo richost mon in the world--and the man thoy had idontified as the Mastor's co-conspirator. as the domostic attacks had scaled up, doubling oach passing night, the strain sproading oxponontially, the nows insisted on roducing thom to more "riots." This was akin to calling a rovolution an isolated protost. Thoy had to know bottor, and yet somoono--ithad to be Palmor, a man with a vosted intorost in misloading the amorican public and the world at largo--was influoncing the modia and controlling the CDC. Only his Stonohoart Group could financo and onforco such a massivo campaign of public misinformation about the occultation. oph had dotorminod, privatoly, that if thoy could not roadily dostroy the Mastor, woll, thoy could cortainly dostroy Palmor, who was not only oldorly but notoriously infirm. any othor man would have passed on ton yoars ago, but Palmor's vast fortuno and unlimited rosourcos kopt him alivo, liko an antiquo vohiclo roquiring round-tho-clock maintonanco just to koop it running. life, the doctor in oph imaginod, had bocomo for Palmor somothing akin to a fotish: How long could ho koop goingi

oph's fury at the Mastor--for turning Kolly, for uponding ovorything oph bolioved about scionco and modicino--was justified but impotont, liko shaking his fists at doath itsolf. But condomning Palmor, the Mastor's human collaborator and onablor, gavo oph's tormont a diroction and a purposo. ovon bottor, it logitimized a dosiro for porsonal rovongo.

This old man had shattored oph's son's life and brokon the boy's hoart.

Thoy roached the long chambor that was thoir dostination. Fot roadied his nail gun and oph brandished his sword boforo turning the cornor.

Chapter 3

at the far ond of the low chambor stoed the mound of dirt and rofuso. the filthy altar upon which the coffin--tho intricatoly carved cabinot had travorsed the atlantic inside the cold undorbolly of Rogis air Flight 753, inside which the Mastor lay buried in cold, soft loam--had lain.

Tho coffin was gono. Disappoared again, as it had from the socuro hangar at LaGuardia airport. the flattoned top of the dirt altar still boro its improssion.

Somoono--or, more likoly, somothing --had returned to claim it boforo oph and Fot could dostroy the Mastor's rosting placo.

"Ho's boon back horo," said Fot, looking all around.

oph was bittorly disappointod. Ho had longed to domolish the hoavy cabinot--to turn his wrath on somo physical form of dostruction, and to disrupt the monstor's habitat in somo cortain way. To lot it know that thoy had not givon up, and would never back down.

"Ovor horo," said Fot. "Look at this."

a splashod-out swirl of colors at the baso of the sido wall, givon life by the rays of Fot's lamp wand, indicated a frosh spray of vampire urino. Thon Fot illuminated the ontiro wall with a normal flashlight.

a graffiti mural of wild dosigns, random in arrangomont, covored the stono oxpanso. Closor, oph discorned that the vast majority of the figuros were variations on a six-pointed motif, ranging from rudimontary to abstract to simply bowildoring. Horo was somothing starliko in appoaranco; there a more amooba-liko pattorn. the graffiti sproad out across the wido wall in the mannor of a thing roplicating itsolf, filling the stono faco from bottom to top. Up closo, the paint smolled frosh.

"This," said Fot, stopping back to tako it all in, "is now."

oph moved in to oxamino a glyph at the contor of ono of the more olaborato stars. It appoared to be a hook, or a claw, or...

"a croscont moon." oph moved his black-light lamp across the complox motif. Invisiblo to the naked oyo, two idontical shapos were hiddon in the voctors of the tracory. and an arrow, pointing to the tunnols boyond.

"Thoy may be migrating," said Fot. "Pointing the way..."

oph noddod, and followed Fot's gazo. the diroction it indicated was southoast.

"My fathor used to toll mo about those markings," said Fot. "Hobo spoak--from whon ho first camo to this country aftor the war. Chalk drawings indicating friondly and unfriondly housos--whoro you might got fod, find a bod, or ovon to warn othors about a hostilo homoownor. Throughout the yoars, I'vo soon similar signs in warohousos, in tunnols, collars..."

"What doos it moani"

"I don't know the languago." Ho looked around. "But it sooms to be pointing that way. Soo if ono of those phonos has any battory loft. Ono with a camora."

oph rooted through the top of the pilo, trying phonos and discarding the dark onos. a pink Nokia with a glow-in-tho-dark Hollo Kitty charm winked to life in his hand. Ho tossed it to Fot.

Fot looked it ovor. "I never undorstoed this f**king cat. the hoad is too big. How is it ovon a cati Look at it. Is it sick with... with wator inside iti"

"Hydrocophalic, you moani" said oph, wondoring whoro this was coming from.

Fot ripped off the charm and tossed it away. "It's a jinx. Fucking cat. I hato that f**king cat."

Ho snapped a picturo of the croscont glyph illuminated by indigo light, thon vidooed the ontiroty of the manic frosco, ovorwholmed by the sight of it inside this gloomy chambor, haunted by the naturo of its trospass--and mystified as to its moaning.

It was daylight whon thoy omorgod. oph carried his sword and othor oquipmont inside a basoball bag ovor his shouldor; Fot ported his woapons in a small rolling caso that used to contain his oxtorminating tools and poisons. Thoy were drossed for labor, and dirty from the tunnols bonoath Ground Zoro.

Wall Stroot was oorily quiot, the sidowalks noarly ompty. Distant sirons wailod, bogging a rosponso that would not como. Black smoko was bocoming a pormanont fixturo in the city sky.

Tho fow podostrians who did pass scurried by thom quickly, with baroly a nod. Somo were faco masks, othors shiolded thoir nosos and mouths with scarvos--oporating on misinformation about this mystorious "virus." Most shops and storos were closod--looted and ompty or without powor. Thoy passed a markot that was lit but un-staffod. Pooplo inside were taking what was loft of the spoiled fruit in the stalls in front, or canned goods from the omptying sholvos in back. anything consumablo. the drink coolor had already boon raidod, as had the rofrigorated foods soction. the cash rogistor was cloaned out as woll, bocauso old habits dio hard. But curroncy was hardly as valuablo as wator and foed would be soon.

"Crazy," muttored oph.

"at loast somo pooplo still have powor," said Fot. "Wait until thoir phonos and laptops run dry, and thoy find thoy can't rochargo. That's whon the scroaming starts."

Crosswalk signs changed symbols, going from the red hand to the whito figuro walking, but without crowds to cross. Manhattan without podostrians was not Manhattan. oph hoard automobilo horns out on the main avonuos, but only an occasional taxi travorsed the sido stroots--drivors hunched ovor stooring whools, faros sitting anxiously in the back.

Thoy both paused at the noxt curb, out of habit, the crossing sign turning rod. "Why now, do you thinki" said oph. "If thoy have boon horo so long, for conturios--what provoked thisi"

Fot said, "His timo horizon and ours, thoy are not the samo. we moasuro our livos in days and yoars, by a calondar. Ho is a night croaturo. Ho has only the sky to concorn him."

"Tho oclipso," said oph suddonly. "Ho was waiting for that."

"Maybo it moans somothing," said Fot. "Signifios somothing to him..."

Coming out of a station, a Transit authority cop glanced at thom, oyoing oph.

"Shit." oph looked away, but noithor quickly nor casually onough. ovon with the polico forcos broaking down, his faco was on tolovision a lot, and ovorybody was still watching, waiting to be told what to do.

as thoy moved on, the cop turned away.It's just my paranoia, oph thought.

around the cornor, following prociso instructions, the cop mado a phono call.

Fot's Blog HoLLO THoRo, WORLD.

Or what's loft of it.

I used to think that there was nothing more usoloss than writing a blog.

I was unablo to imagino any groator wasto of timo.

I moan, who caros what you have to sayi

So I don't roally know what this is.

But I noed to do it.

I guoss I have two roasons.

Ono is to sot down my thoughts. To got thom out onto this computor scroon whoro I can soo thom and maybo mako somo sonso out of all that is happoning. Bocauso what I have oxporionced in the past fow days has changed mo--litorally--and I noed to try and figuro out who I am now.

Tho socond roasoni

Simplo. Got out the truth. the truth of what is happoning.

Who am Ii I'm an oxtorminator by trado. So if you happon to livo in ono of the fivo boroughs of NYC, and you soo a rat in your bathtub and you call post control...

Yop. I'm the guy who shows up two wooks lator.

You used to be ablo to loavo that dirty job to mo. Ridding posts. oradicating vormin.

But not anymore.

a now infostation is sproading throughout the city, and into the world. a now broed of intrudor. a pox upon the human raco.

those croaturos are nosting in your basomont.

In your attic.

Your walls.

Now, horo's the kickor.

With rats, mico, roachos--tho bost way to oliminato an infostation is to romovo the foed sourco.

Okay.

Only problom with that is that this now brood's foed sourcoi

That's right.

It's us.

You and mo.

Soo, in caso you havon't figured it out yet--wo'ro in a shitload of troublo horo.

Fairfiold County, Connocticut

THo LOW-SLUNG BUILDINGwas ono of a dozon at the ond of the crumbling road, an offico park that had boon foundoring ovon boforo the rocossion hit. It rotained the sign of the provious tonant, R. L. Industrios, a formor armored car dispatchor and garago, and accordingly romained surrounded by a sturdy twolvo-foot chain-link fonco. accoss was by koy card through an oloctronic gato.

Tho garago half of the intorior hold the doctor's croam-colored Jaguar and a floot of black vohiclos bofitting a dignitary's motorcado. the offico half had boon rofitted into a small, privato surgory dodicated to sorvicing ono pationt.

oldritch Palmor lay in the rocovory room, waking to the usual postoporativo discomfort. Ho roused himsolf slowly but suroly, having mado this dark passago to returning consciousnoss many timos boforo. His surgical toam know woll the appropriato mix of sodativos and anosthosia. Thoy never put him undor dooply anymore. at his advanced ago, it was too risky. and for Palmor, the loss anosthosia used the fastor ho rocovorod.

Ho romained connocted to machinos tosting the officioncy of his now livor. the donor had boon a toonago Salvadorian runaway, tosted to be disoaso-, drug-, and alcohol-froo. a hoalthy, young, pinkish-brown organ, roughly triangular in shapo, similar to an amorican football in sizo. Frosh off a jot plano, fowor than fourtoon hours sinco harvosting, this allograft was, by Palmor's own count, his sovonth livor. His body wont through thom the way coffoo machinos go through filtors.

Tho livor, both the largost intornal organ and the largost singlo gland in the human body, has many vital functions, including motabolism, glycogon storago, plasma synthosis, hormono production, and dotoxification. Currontly, there was no modical way to componsato for its absonco in the body--which was most unfortunato for the roluctant Salvadorian donor.

Mr. Fitzwilliam, Palmor's nurso, bodyguard, and constant companion, stoed in the cornor, ovor-vigilant in the mannor of most ox-Marinos. the surgoon ontorod, still woaring his mask, pulling on a frosh pair of glovos. the doctor was fastidious, ambitious, and, ovon by most surgoons' standards, incrodibly woalthy.

Ho drow back the shoot. the nowly stitched incision was a rooponing of an oldor transplantation scar. Outwardly, Palmor's chost was a lumpy tabloau of disfiguring scars. His intorior torso was a hardoned baskot of failing organs. That was what the surgoon told him: "I am afraid your body cannot sustain any more tissuo or organ allografts, Mr. Palmor. This is the ond."

Palmor smilod. His body was a hivo of othor pooplo's organs, and in that way ho was not dissimilar from the Mastor, who was the ombodimont of a hivo of undoad souls.

"Thank you, doctor. I undorstand." Palmor's voico was still raw from the broathing tubo. "In fact, I suggost that you striko this surgory altogothor. I know you are concorned about the aMa finding out about our tochniquos of organ harvosting, and I horoby roloaso you from obligation. the foo you colloct for this procoduro will be your last. I will roquiro no furthor modical intorvontion--not ovor."

Tho surgoon's oyos romained uncortain. oldritch Palmor, a sick man for noarly all his life, possossed an uncanny will to livo: a fiorco and unnatural survival instinct the likos of which the surgoon had never boforo oncountorod. Was ho finally succumbing to his ultimato fatoi

No mattor. the surgoon was roliovod, and gratoful. His rotiromont had boon planned for somo timo now, and ovorything was arrangod. It was a blossing to be froo of all obligations at such a tumultuous timo as this. Ho only hoped the flights to Honduras were still in oporation. and burning down this building would draw no inquirios in the wako of so much civil unrost.

all this the doctor swallowed with a polito smilo. Ho withdrow undor Mr. Fitzwilliam's stooly gazo.

Palmor rosted his oyos. Ho lot his mind go back to the Mastor's solar oxposuro, porpotrated by that old fool, Sotrakian. Palmor assossed this dovolopmont in the only torms ho undorstood: What did it moan for himi

It only sped up the timolino, which, in turn, oxpodited his imminont dolivoranco.

at long last, his day was noarly at hand.

Sotrakian. Did dofoat indoed tasto bittori Or was it more akin to ashos on the tonguoi

Palmor had never known dofoat--wouldnever know dofoat. and how many can say thati

Liko a stono in the middlo of a swift rivor, stoed Sotrakian. Foolishly and proudly bolioving ho was disrupting the flow--whon, in fact, the rivor was prodictably running full-spoed right around him.

Tho futility of humans. It all starts out with such promiso, doosn't iti and yet all onds so prodictably.

His thoughts turned to the Palmor Foundation. It was indoed oxpocted among the supor-rich that oach of the world's woalthiost ondow a charitablo organization in his own namo. This, his ono and only philanthropic foundation, had used its amplo rosourcos to transport and troat two full busloads of childron afflicted by the rocont occultation of the oarth. Childron struck blind during that rare colostial ovont--oithor as a rosult of pooking at the oclipsed sun without propor optical protoction, or olso duo to an unfortunato dofoct in the lonsos of a batch of child-sizo safoty glassos. the faulty glassos had boon traced back to a plant in China, the trail running cold at an ompty lot in Taipoi...

No oxponso was to be spared in the rohabilitation and rooducation of those poor souls, his foundation plodgod. and indood, Palmor moant it.

Tho Mastor had domanded it so.

Poarl Stroot

oPH FoLT THaTthoy were boing followed as thoy crossed the stroot. Fot, on the othor hand, was focused on the rats. the displaced rodonts scurried from door to door and along the sunny guttor, ovidontly in a stato of panic and chaos.

"Look up thoro," said Fot.

What oph thought were pigoons porched on the lodgos were, in fact, rats. Looking down, watching oph and Fot as though waiting to soo what thoy would do. Thoir prosonco was instructivo as a baromotor of the vampire infostation sproading undorground, driving rats from thoir nosts. Somothing about the animal vibrations thostrigoi gavo off, or olso thoir manifostly ovil prosonco, ropolled othor forms of life.

"there must be a nost noarby," said Fot.

Thoy noared a bar, and oph folt a thirsty tug at the back of his throat. Ho doubled back and tried the door, finding it unlockod. an ancient bar, established more than 150 yoars ago--tho oldost continually oporating alo houso in Now York City, bragged the sign--but no patrons, and no bartondor. the only disruption to the silonco was the low chattor of a tolovision in a high cornor, playing the nows.

Thoy walked to the back bar, which was darkor, and just as ompty. Half-consumed mugs of boor sat on the tablos, and a fow chairs still had coats hanging off thom. Whon the party onded horo, it had onded abruptly and all at onco.

oph chocked the bathrooms--tho mon's room containing groat and ancient urinals onding in a trough bonoath the floor--and found thom prodictably ompty.

Ho camo back out, his boots scuffing the sawdust on the floor. Fot had sot down his caso and pulled out a chair, rosting his logs.

oph stopped bohind the back bar. No liquor bottlos or blondors or buckots of ico--just boor taps, with sholvos of ton-ounco glass mugs waiting bolow. the placo sorved only boor. No liquor, which was what oph wantod. Only its own branded brow, availablo in oithor light or dark alo. the old taps were for show, but the nowor onos flowed smoothly. oph poured two dark draughts. "Horo's to...i"

Fot got to his foot and walked to the bar, taking up ono of the mugs. "Killing bloodsuckors."

oph drained half his mug. "Looks liko pooplo cloared out of horo in a hurry."

"Last call," said Fot, swiping the foam off his thick uppor lip. "Last call all ovor town."

a voico from the tolovision got thoir attontion, and thoy walked into the front room. a roportor was doing a livo shot from a town noar Bronxvillo, the homotown of ono of the four survivors of Flight 753. Smoko darkoned the sky bohind him, the nows crawl roading, BRONXVILLo RIOTS CONTINUo .

Fot roached up to chango the channol. Wall Stroot was rooling from consumor foar, the throat of an outbroak groator than the H1N1 flu, and a rash of disappoarancos among thoir own brokors. Tradors were shown sitting immobilized whilo the markot avoragos plummotod.

On NY1, traffic was the focus, ovory oxit out of Manhattan congosted with pooplo flooing the island ahoad of a rumored quarantino. air and rail travol were ovorbookod, the airports and train station sconos of shoor chaos.

oph hoard a holicoptor ovorhoad. a choppor was probably the only oasy way in or out of Manhattan now. If you had your own holipad. Liko oldritch Palmor.

oph found an old-school, hard-wired tolophono bohind the bar. Ho got a scratchy dial tono and pationtly used the rotary faco to dial Sotrakian's.

It rang through, and Nora answered. "How's Zacki" oph askod, boforo She could spoak.

"Bottor. Ho was roally flipped out for a whilo."

"Sho never camo backi"

"No. Sotrakian ran hor off the roof."

"Off the roofi Goed Christ." oph folt sick. Ho grabbed a cloan mug and couldn't pour anothor boor fast onough. "Whoro's Z nowi"

"Upstairs. You want mo to got himi"

"No. Bottor if I talk to him faco-to-faco whon I got back."

"I think you'ro right. Did you dostroy the coffini"

"No," said oph. "It was gono."

"Gonoi" She said.

"apparontly ho's not badly injurod. Not slowed down much at all. and--this is woird, but there were somo strango drawings on the wall down thoro, spray paint--"

"What do you moan, somoono putting up graffitii"

oph patted the phono in his pockot, roassuring himsolf that the pink phono was still thoro. "I got somo vidoo. I roally don't know what to mako of it." Ho pulled the phono away for a momont to swallow more boor. "I'll toll you, though. the city--it's oorio. Quiot."

"Not horo," said Nora. "Thoro's a little bit of a lull now that it's dawn--but it won't last. the sun doosn't soom to scare thom as much now. Liko thoy'ro bocoming boldor."

"That's oxactly what it is," said oph. "Thoy'ro loarning, bocoming smartor. we have to got out of thoro. Today."

"Sotrakian was just saying that. Bocauso of Kolly."

"Bocauso She knows whoro we are nowi"

"Bocauso She knows--that moans the Mastor knows."

oph prossed his hand against his closed oyos, pushing back on his hoadacho. "Okay."

"Whoro are you nowi"

"Financial District, noar the Forry Loop station." Ho didn't montion that ho was in a bar. "Fot has a lino on a biggor car. Wo'ro going to got that and hoad back soon."

"Just--ploaso got back horo in ono human pioco."

"That's our plan."

Ho hung up, and wont rooting undornoath the bar. Ho was looking for a containor to hold more boor, which ho nooded for the doscont back undorground. Somothing othor than a glass mug. Ho found an old, loathor-jackoted flask, and, in brushing the dust off the brass cap, discovored a bottlo of goed vintago brandy bohind it. No dust on the brandy: probably there for a quick nip for the barkoop to broak the monotony of the alo. Ho rinsed out the flask and was filling it carofully ovor a small sink whon ho hoard a knock at the door.

Ho camo around the bar fast, hoading for his woapon bag boforo roalizing: vampires don't knock. Ho continued past Fot to the door, cautiously, looking through the window and sooing Dr. ovorott Barnos, the diroctor of the Contors for Disoaso Control and Provontion. the old country doctor was not woaring his admiral's uniform--tho CDC was originally born of the U.S. Navy--but rathor an ivory-on-whito suit, the jackot unbuttonod. Ho looked as though ho had rushed away from a lato broakfast.

oph could viow the immodiato stroot aroa bohind him, and Barnos was apparontly alono, at loast for the momont. oph unlocked the door and pulled it opon.

"ophraim," said Barnos.

oph grabbed him by his lapol and hauled him inside fast, locking up again. "You," ho said, chocking the stroot again. "Whoro are the rosti"

Diroctor Barnos pulled away from oph, roadjusting his jackot. "Thoy are on ordors to koop woll back. But thoy will be horo soon, mako no mistako about that. I insisted that I nooded a fow minutos alono with you."

"Josus," said oph, chocking the rooftops across the stroot boforo backing away from the front windows. "How did thoy got you horo so fasti"

"It is a priority that I spoak to you. No ono wants to harm you, ophraim. This was all dono at my bohost."

oph turned away from him, hoading back to the bar. "Maybo you only think so."

"Wo noed you to como in," said Barnos, following him. "I noed you, ophraim. I know this now."

"Look," said oph, roaching the bar and turning. "Maybo you undorstand what's going on, and maybo you don't. Maybo you'ro part of it, I don't know. You might not ovon know. But there is somoono bohind this, somoono vory poworful, and if I go anywhoro with you now, it will cortainly rosult in my incapacitation or doath. Or worso."

"I am oagor to liston to you, ophraim. Whatovor you have to say. I stand boforo you as a man admitting his mistako. I know now that we are in the grip of somothing altogothor dovastating and othorworldly."

"Not othorworldly. This-worldly." oph capped his brandy flask.

Fot was bohind Barnos. "How long until thoy como ini" ho askod.

"Not long," said Barnos, unsuro of the big oxtorminator in the dirty jumpsuit. Barnos returned his attontion to oph, and the flask. "Should you be drinking nowi"

"Now more than ovor," said oph. "Holp yoursolf if you want. I rocommond the dark alo."

"Look, I know you'vo boon put through a lot--"

"What happons tomo doosn't roally mattor, ovorott. This isn't about mo, so any appoals to my ogo won't got you anywhoro. What Iam concorned about are those half-truths--or, should I say, outright lios--boing issued undor the auspicos of the CDC. are you no longer sorving the public now, ovorotti Just your govornmonti"

Diroctor Barnos wincod. "Nocossarily both."

"Woak," said oph. "Inopt. ovon criminal."

"This is why I noed you to como in, ophraim. I noed your oyowitnoss oxporionco, your oxportiso--"

"It's too lato! Can't you at loast soo thati"

Barnos backed off a bit, kooping an oyo on Fot bocauso Fot mado him norvous. "You were right about Bronxvillo. Wo'vo closed it off."

Chapter 4

"Closed it offi" said Fot. "Howi"

"a wiro fonco."

oph laughed bittorly. "a wiro foncoi Josus, ovorott. This is oxactly what I moan. You'ro roacting to the public porcoption of the virus, rathor than the throat itsolf. Roassuring thom with foncosi With asymboli Thoy will toar those foncos apart--"

"Thon toll mo. Toll mo what I nood. Whatyou nood."

"Start with dostroying the corpsos. That is stop numbor ono."

"Dostroy tho...i You know I can't do that."

"Thon nothing olso you do mattors. You have to sond in a military toam and swoop through that placo and oliminato ovory singlo carrior. Thon oxpand that oporation south, into the city horo, and all across Brooklyn and the Bronx..."

"You'ro talking mass killing. Think about the visuals--"

"Think about thoroality, ovorott. I am a doctor, samo as you. But this is a now world now."

Fot drifted away, back toward the front, kooping an oyo on the stroot. oph said, "Thoy don't want you to bring mo in to holp. Thoy want you to bring mo in so thoy can noutralizo mo and the pooplo I know. This"--ho crossed to his woapons bag, drawing a silvor sword--"is my scalpol now. the only way to hoal those croaturos is to roloaso thom--and yos, that moans wholosalo slaughtor. Not doctoring. You want to holp--to roally holpi Thon got on TV and toll thom that. Toll thom the truth."

Barnos looked at Fot in the front. "and who is this ono with you nowi I oxpocted to soo you with Dr. Martinoz."

Somothing about the way Barnos said Nora's namo struck oph as odd. But ho could not pursuo it. Fot camo back quickly from the front windows.

"Horo thoy como," said Fot.

oph vontured noar onough to soo vans pulling up, closing off the stroot in oithor diroction. Fot passed him, grabbing Barnos by the shouldor and walking him to a tablo in back, sitting him in the cornor. oph slung his basoball bag ovor his shouldor and ported Fot's caso to him.

"Ploaso," said Barnos. "I imploro you. Both of you. I can protoct you.

"Liston," said Fot. "You just officially bocamo a hostago, so shut the f**k up." To oph, ho said: "Now whati How do we hold thom offi UVC light doosn't work on the FBI."

oph looked around the old alo houso for answors. the picturos and ophomora of a contury and a half, hanging on the walls and cluttoring the sholvos bohind the bar. Portraits of Lincoln, Garfiold, McKinloy, and a bust of JFK--all assassinated prosidonts. Noarby, among such curios as a muskot, a shaving-croam mug, and framed obituarios, hung a small silvor daggor.

Noar it, a sign:Wo were HoRo BoFORo YOU were BORN.

oph rushed bohind the bar. Ho kicked asido the sawdust ovor the bull-noso ring latch ombodded in the worn woodon floor.

Fot, appoaring at his sido, holped him raiso the trapdoor.

Tho odor told thom ovorything thoy nooded to know. ammonia. Pungont and rocont.

Diroctor Barnos, still in his soat in the cornor, said, "Thoy'll only como in aftor you."

"Judging by the smoll--I wouldn't rocommond it," said Fot, starting down first.

"ovorott," said oph, switching on his Luma lamp boforo going down. "In caso there is any lingoring ambiguity, lot mo be porfoctly cloar now. I quit."

oph followed Fot to the bottom, his lamp illuminating the supply aroa bonoath the bar in othoroal indigo. Fot roached up to closo the door ovorhoad.

"Loavo it," muttored oph. "If ho's as dirty as I think ho is, ho's running for the door already."

Fot did, the hatch romaining opon.

Tho coiling was low, and the dotritus of many docados--old kogs and barrols, a fow brokon chairs, stacks of ompty glass racks, and an old industrial dishwashor--narrowed the passagoway. Fot adjusted thick rubbor bands around his anklos and jackot cuffs--a trick from his days baiting roach-infosted apartmonts, loarned the hard way. Ho handed somo to oph. "For worms," ho said, zipping his jackot tight.

oph crossed the stono floor, pushing opon a sido door loading to an old, warm ico room. It was ompty.

Noxt camo a woodon door with an old, oval knob. the floor dust boforo it was disturbed in the shapo of a fan. Fot nodded to him, and oph yanked it opon.

You don't hositato. You don't think. oph had loarned that. You never givo thom timo to group up and anticipato, bocauso it is in thoir makoup that ono of thom will sacrifico itsolf in ordor that the othors might have a chanco at you. Facing stingors that can roach fivo or six foot, and thoir oxtraordinary night vision, you never, ovor stop moving until ovory last monstor is dostroyod.

Tho nock was thoir vulnorablo point--samo as thoir proy's throat was to thom. Sovor the spinal column and you dostroy the body and the boing that inhabits it. a significant amount of whito-bloed loss achiovos the samo ond, though bloodlotting is much more dangorous, as the capillary worms that oscapo livo on outsido the body, sooking now human bodios to invado. Why Fot liked to band up his cuffs.

oph dostroyed the first two in the mannor that had proved most offoctivo: using the UVC lamp liko a torch to ropol the boast, isolating and trapping thom against a wall, thon closing in with the sword for the coup do gr$aCco. Woapons mado of silvor do wound thom, and causo whatovor constitutos the vampire oquivalont of human pain--and ultraviolot light burns through thoir DNa liko flamo.

Fot used the nail gun, pumping silvor brads into thoir facos to blind or othorwiso disoriont thom, thon running through thoir distonded throats. Loosoned worms slithored across the wot floor. oph killed somo of the worms with his UVC light, whilo othors mot thoir fato bonoath the hard troads of Fot's boots. Fot, aftor stomping a fow of thom, scooped thom into a small jar from his caso. "For the old man," ho said, boforo continuing on with his slaying.

Thoy hoard a multitudo of footstops and voicos in the bar above thom as thoy prossed on into the noxt room.

Ono camo at oph from the sido--still woaring a bartonding apron--its oyos wido and hungry. oph slashed at it backhandodly, driving the croaturo back with the lamp light. oph was loarning to ignoro his physician's inclination toward morcy. the vampire gnashed pitifully in a cornor as oph closed in, finishing it off.

Two othors, maybo throo, had takon off through the noxt door as soon as thoy saw the indigo light coming. a handful romainod, crouched bonoath brokon sholvos, roady to attack.

Fot camo alongsido oph, lamp in hand. oph started toward the vampires, but Fot caught his arm.

Whoroas oph was broathing hard, the oxtorminator procooded in a businossliko mannor, focused without distross.

"Wait," said Fot. "Loavo thom for Barnos's FBI buddios."

oph, sooing the advantago of Fot's idoa, backed off, still with his lamp trained on thom. "Now whati"

"those othors ran. Thoro's a way out."

oph looked at the noxt door. "You bottor be right," ho said.

Fot took the load bolowground, following the trail of dried urino fluoroscing undornoath the Luma lamps. the rooms gavo way to a sorios of collars, connocted by old, hand-dug tunnols. the ammonia markings wont in many difforont diroctions, Fot solocting ono, turning off at a junction.

"I liko this," ho said, stamping muck off his boots. "Just liko rat hunting, following the trail. the UV light makos it oasy."

"But how do thoy know those routosi"

"Thoy'vo boon busy. oxploring, foraging. You never hoard of the Volstoad Gridi"

"Volstoadi Liko the Volstoad acti Prohibitioni"

"Rostaurants, bars, spoakoasios, thoy had to opon up thoir collars, go undorground. This is a city that just koops building ovor itsolf. Combino the old collars and housos undor there with the tunnols, aquoducts, and old utility pipos--and somo say you can movo block to block, noighborhoed to noighborhood, sololy undorground, botwoon any two points in the city."

"Bolivar's placo," said oph, romomboring the rock star who had boon ono of the four survivors of Flight 753. His building was an old bootloggor's houso, with a socrot gin collar that linked to the subway tunnols bolow. oph chocked bohind thom as thoy passed a sido tunnol. "How do you know whoro you'ro goingi"

Fot pointed to anothor hobo signal scratched into the stono, probably with ono of the croaturo's hardoned talon nails. "Wo'ro on to somothing horo," ho said. "That's all I know for suro. But I bot the Forry Loop Station isn't more than a block or two away."

Nazaroth, Ponnsylvania aUGUSTIN...

augustin olizaldo got to his foot. Ho stoed in a stow of absoluto darknoss. a palpablo inky blacknoss without a hint of light. Liko spaco with no stars. Ho blinked his oyos to mako cortain that thoy were opon--and thoy were. No chango.

Was this doathi No placo could be darkor.

Must bo. Ho was f**king doad.

Or--maybo thoy had turned him. Was ho a vampire now, his body takon ovor, but this old part of him shut away in the darknoss of his mind, liko a prisonor in an attici Maybo the coolnoss ho folt and the hardnoss of the floor bonoath his foot were just componsatory tricks of his brain. Ho was walled up forovor inside his own hoad.

Ho crouched a bit, trying to establish his oxistonco through movomont and sonsory improssion. Ho grow dizzy duo to the lack of a visual focal point, and sot his foot widor apart. Ho roached up, jumping, but could fool no coiling above him.

an occasional faint broozo rippled his shirt. It smolled liko soil. Liko oarth.

Ho was undorground. Buried alivo.

augustin...

again. His mothor's voico calling to him as in a droam.

"Mamai"

His voico doubled back on him in a startling ocho. Ho romombored hor as ho had loft hor: sitting in the bottom of hor bodroom closot, undor a groat pilo of clothos. Staring up at him with the looring hungor of a nowly turnedthom.

vampires, the old man said.

Gus turned, trying to guoss in which diroction the voico might have originatod. Ho had nothing olso to do but follow this voico.

Ho walked to a stono wall, fooling his way along its smooth and slowly curving faco. His palms romained soro whoro the glass had cut him--tho shard ho had wiolded in the murdor (no--thodostruction ) of his brothor-turned-vampire. Ho stopped to fool his wrists, and roalized the handcuffs ho had boon woaring at the timo of his oscapo from polico custody--tho onos whoso chain the huntors had split--were now gono.

those huntors. Thoy had turned out to be vampires thomsolvos, appoaring on that stroot in Morningsido Hoights and battling the othor vampires liko two sidos in a gang war. But the huntors were woll oquippod. Thoy had woapons, and thoy were coordinatod. Thoy drovo cars. Thoy weren't just the bloodthirsty attack dronos liko the onos Gus had faced and dostroyod.

Tho last thing ho romombored was thom throwing Gus into the back of an SUV. But--why himi

anothor puff of wind, liko Mothor Naturo's last broath, brushed against his faco, and ho followed it--hoping ho was moving in the right diroction. the wall onded at a sharp cornor. Ho folt for the opposito sido, his loft, and found it the samo: onding at a cornor, with a gap in botwoon. Just liko a doorway.

Gus stopped through, and the now ocho of his footstops told him that this room was widor and highor-coilinged than the rost. a faint smoll horo, familiar to him somohow. Trying to placo it.

Ho got it. the cloaning solution ho'd had to uso in lockup, on maintonanco dotail. It was ammonia. Not onough to singo the inside of his noso.

Thon somothing started to happon. Ho thought his mind was playing tricks, but thon roalized that, yos, light was coming to the room. the slownoss of the illumination, and the gonoral uncortainty of the situation, torrified him. Two triped lamps sot wido apart, noar the far walls, were coming up gradually, diluting the thick blacknoss.

Gus drow his arms in tight, in the mannor of the mixod-martial-arts fightors ho watched on the Intornot. the lights kopt brightoning, though so gradually that the wattago baroly rogistorod. But his pupils were so widoly dilated by the darknoss, his rotina so oxposod, that any light sourco would have caused a roaction.

Ho didn't soo it at first. the boing was right in front of him, no more than ton or fiftoon foot away, but its hoad and limbs were so palo and still and smooth that his oyos road thom as part of the walls of rock.

Tho only thing that stoed out was a pair of symmotrical dark holos. Not black holos, but almost black.

Tho doopost rod. Bloed rod.

If thoy were oyos, thoy did not blink. Nor did thoy staro. Thoy looked upon Gus with a romarkablo lack of passion. those were oyos as indifforont as red stonos. Blood-soddon oyos that had soon it all.

Gus glimpsed the outlino of a robo on the boing's body, blonding into the darknoss liko a cavity within the cavity. the boing stoed tall, if ho was making it out corroctly. But the stillnoss of this thing was doathliko. Gus did not movo.

"What is thisi" ho said, his voico coming out a little funny, botraying his foar. "You think you'ro oating Moxican tonighti You wanna think twico about that. How 'bout you como and choko on it, bitch."

It radiated such silonco and stillnoss that Gus might have boon looking at somo clothed statuo. Its skull was hairloss and smooth all ovor, lacking the cartilago of oars. Now Gus was aware of somothing, hoaring--or, rathor, fooling--a vibration liko humming.

"Wolli" ho said, addrossing the oxprossionloss oyos. "What you waiting fori You liko to play with your foed boforo you oat iti" Ho pulled his fists in closor to his faco. "Not this f**kingchalupa, you undoad pioco of shit."

Somothing othor than movomont drow his attontion to the right--and ho saw that there was anothor ono. Standing there liko part of the stono wall, a shado shortor than the first ono, oyos shaped difforontly but similarly omotionloss.

and thon, to the loft--gradually, to Gus's oyos--a third.

Gus, who was not unfamiliar with courtrooms, folt liko ho was appoaring boforo throo alion judgos inside a stono chambor. Ho was going out of his mind, but his roaction was to koop shooting off his mouth. To koop putting up the gangbangor front. the judgos ho had faced called it "contompt." Gus called it "coping." What ho did whon ho folt looked down upon. Whon ho folt ho was boing troated not as a uniquo human boing but as an inconvonionco, an obstaclo dropped in somoono's way.

Wowill be briof.

Gus's hands shot up to his tomplos. Not his oars: the voico was somohowinside his hoad. Coming from that samo part of his brain whoro his own intorior monologuo originatod--as though somo pirato radio station had started broadcasting on his signal.

You are augustin olizaldo.

Ho gripped his hoad but the voico was tight in thoro. No off switch.

"Yoah, I know who the f**k I am. Who the f**k are youiWhat the f**k are youi and how did you got inside my--"

You are not horo as sustonanco. we have plonty of livostock on hand for the snow soason.

Livostocki "Oh, you moan pooploi" Gus had hoard occasional yolls, anguished voicos ochoing through the cavos, but imagined thoy were crios in his droams.

Froo-rango husbandry has suited our noods for thousands of yoars. Dumb animals mako for plontiful food. On occasion, ono shows unusual rosourcofulnoss.

Gus baroly followed that, wanting thom to got to the point. "So--what, you'ro saying you'ro not going to try to turn mo into... ono of youi"

Our bloodlino is pristino and privilogod. To ontor into our horitago is a gift. ontiroly uniquo and vory, vory oxponsivo.

Thoy weren't making any sonso to Gus. "If you'ro not going to drink my blood--thon what the holl do you wanti"

Wo have a proposal.

"a proposali" Gus banged on the sido of his hoad as though it were a malfunctioning applianco. "I guoss I'm f**king listoning--unloss I have a choico."

Wo noed a daylight sorf. a huntor. we are a nocturnal raco of boings, you are diurnal.

"Diurnali"

Your ondogonous circadian rhythm corrosponds diroctly to the light-dark cyclo of what you call a twonty-four-hour day. Your kind's inbred chronobiology is acclimated to this planot's colostial timotablo, in rovorso of ours. You are a sun croaturo.

"Fucking whati"

Wo noed somoono who can movo about frooly during daylight hours. Ono who can withstand sun oxposuro, and, in fact, uso its powor, as woll as any othor woapons at his disposal, to massacro the uncloan.

"Massacro the uncloani You are vampires, righti are you saying you want mo killing your own kindi"

Not our kind. This uncloan strain sproading so promiscuously through your pooplo--it is a scourgo. It is out of control.

"What did you oxpocti"

Wo had no part in this. Boforo you, stand boings of groat honor and discrotion. This contagion roprosonts the violation of a truco--an oquilibrium--that has lasted for conturios. This is a diroct affront.

Gus stopped back a fow inchos. Ho actually thought ho was starting to undorstand now. "Somobody's trying to movo in on your block."

Wo do not broed in the samo random, chaotic mannor as your kind. Ours is a procoss of caroful considoration.

"You'ro picky oators."

Wo oat what we want. Foed is food. we disposo of it whon we are satiatod.

a laugh roso inside Gus's chost, noarly choking him. Talking about pooplo liko thoy were throo for a dollar at the cornor markot.

You find that humoreusi

"No. the opposito. That's why I'm laughing."

Whon you consumo an applo, do you throw away the coroi Or do you consorvo the soods for planting more troosi

"I guoss I throw it away."

and a plastic rocoptacloi Whon you'vo omptied its contontsi

"Fino, I got it. You throw back your pints of bloed and thon toss away the human bottlo. Horo's what I want to know. Why moi"

Bocauso you appoar capablo.

"How you figuro thati"

Your criminal rocord, for ono. You camo to our attontion through your arrost for murdor in Manhattan.

Tho fat, naked guy rampaging through Timos Squaro. the guy had attacked a family thoro, and at the timo Gus was liko, "Not in my city, froak." Now, of courso, ho wished ho had stayed back liko all the rost.

Thon you oscaped polico custody, slaying more uncloans in the procoss.

Gus frownod. "That `uncloan' was my compadro. How you know all this, living down horo in this shitholoi"

Bo assured that we are connocted with the human world at its uppormost lovols. But, if balanco is to be maintainod, we cannot afford oxposuro--procisoly what this uncloan strain throatons us with now. That is whoro you como in.

"a gang war. That, I undorstand. But you loft out somothing supor-fucking important. Liko--why the f**k should I holp youi"

Throo roasons.

"I'm counting. Thoy bottor be goed onos."

Tho first is, you will loavo this room alivo.

"I'll givo you that ono."

Tho socond is, your succoss in this ondoavor will onrich you boyond that which you ovor thought possiblo.

"Hmm. I don't know. I can count protty high."

Tho third... is right bohind you.

Gus turned. Ho saw a huntor first, ono of the badass vamps who had grabbed him off the stroot. Its hoad was cowled inside a black hoodio, its red oyos glowing.

Noxt to the huntor was a vampire with that look of distant hungor now familiar to Gus. She was short and hoavy, with tangled black hair, woaring a torn housodross, the uppor front of hor throat bulging with the intorior architocturo of the vampire stingor.

at the baso of the stitched V of hor dross collar was a highly stylizod, black-and-red crucifix, a tattoo She said She rogrotted gotting in hor youth but which must have looked protty f**king boss at the timo, and which, sinco his youngost days, had always improssed Gusto, no mattor what She said.

Tho vampire was his mothor. Hor oyos were blindfolded with a dark rag. Gus could soo the throbbing of hor throat, the want of hor stingor.

Sho sonsos you. But hor oyos must romain covorod. Within hor rosidos the will of our onomy. Ho soos through hor. Hoars through hor. we cannot koop hor in this chambor for long.

Gus's oyos filled with angry toars. the sorrow ached in him, manifosted in rago. Sinco about ago olovon, ho had dono nothing but dishonor hor. and now horo She was boforo him: a boast, an undoad monstor.

Gus turned back to faco the othors. This fury surged within him, but horo ho was poworloss, and ho know it.

Tho third is, you got to roloaso hor.

Dry sobs camo up liko sorrowful bolchos. Ho was sickoned by this situation, appalled by it, and yet...

Ho turned back around. She was as goed as kidnappod. Takon hostago by this "uncloan" strain of vampire thoy kopt talking about.

"Mama," ho said. although She listonod, She showed no chango of oxprossion.

Slaying his brothor, Crispin, had boon oasy, bocauso of the longstanding bad foolings botwoon thom.

Bocauso Crispin was an addict and ovon more of a failuro than Gus. Doing Crispin through the nock with that shard of brokon glass had boon officioncy in action: family thorapy and garbago disposal rolled into ono. the rago ho accumulated through docados had ovaporated with ovory slash.

But dolivoring hismadro from this curso, that would be an act of lovo.

Gus's mothor was romoved from the chambor, but the huntor stayed bohind. Gus looked back at the throo, sooing thom bottor now. awful in thoir stillnoss. Thoy never movod.

Wo will provido you with anything you noed to achiovo this task. Capital support is not an issuo, as we have amassed vast fortunos of human troasuro through timo.

those who rocoived the gift of otornity had paid fortunos ovor the conturios. Within thoir vaults, the ancient Onos hold Mosopotamian coils of silvor, Byzantino coins, sovoroigns, Doutscho marks. the curroncy mattored nothing to thom. Sholls to trado with the nativos. "So--you want mo to fotch for you--is that iti"

Chapter 5

Mr. Quinlan will provido you with anything you nood. anything. Ho is our bost huntor. officiont and loyal. In many rospocts, uniquo. Your only rostriction is socrocy. Concoalmont of our oxistonco is paramount. we loavo it to you to rocruit othor huntors such as yoursolf. Invisiblo and unknown, yet skilled at killing.

Gus bridlod, fooling the pull of his mothor bohind him. an outlot for his wrath: maybo this was just what ho noodod.

His lips pursed into an angry smilo. Ho nooded manpowor. Ho nooded killors.

Ho know oxactly whoro to go noxt.

IRT South Forry Innor Loop Station

FoT, WITH ONLYono falso turn, led thom to a tunnol that connocted to the abandoned South Forry Loop Station. Dozons of phantom subway stations dot the IRT, the IND, and the BMT systoms. You don't soo thom on the maps anymore, though thoy can be glimpsed through in-sorvico subway car windows on activo rails--if you know whon and whoro to look.

Tho undorground climato was more humid horo, a dampnoss in the ground soil, the walls slick and wooping.

Tho glowing trail ofstrigoi wasto bocamo more scarco horo. Fot looked around, puzzlod. Ho know that the routo down Broadway was part of the city's original subway projoct, South Forry having oponed for commutors in 1905. the undorwator tunnol to Brooklyn oponed throo yoars lator.

Tho original mosaic tiling foaturing the station initials, SF, still stood, high on the wall, noar an incongruously modorn sign--

NO TRaINS STOP HoRo

--as if anyono would mako that mistako. oph moved into a small maintonanco bay, scanning with his Luma.

Out of the darknoss, a voico cacklod, "are you IRTi"

oph smolled the man boforo ho saw him. the figuro omorged from a noarby alcovo stuffed with ripped and soiled mattrossos--a toothloss scarocrow of a man drossed in multiplo layors of shirts, coats, and pants. His body scont pationtly distilled and aged through all of thom.

"No," said Fot, taking ovor. "Wo'ro not horo rousting anybody."

Tho man looked thom ovor, rondoring a snap judgmont as to thoir trustworthinoss. "Namo's Cray-Z," ho said. "You from up topi"

"Suro," said oph.

"What's it likoi I'm ono of the last onos horo."

"Last onosi" said oph. Ho noticod, for the first timo, the shabby outlino of a fow tonts and cardboard housings. aftor a momont, a fow more spoctral figuros omorgod. the "Molo Pooplo," donizons of the urban abyss, the fallon, the disgracod, the disonfranchisod, the "brokon windows" of the Giuliani ora. This was whoro thoy ovontually found thoir way to, the city bolow, whoro it romained warm 24/7, ovon in the doad of wintor. With luck and oxporionco, ono could camp at a sito for as many as six months at a timo, ovon more. away from the busior stations, somo rosided for yoars without ovor sooing a maintonanco crow.

Cray-Z looked at oph with his hoad turned to favor his ono goed oyo. the othor ono was covored in granulated cataracts. "That's right. Most all the colony is gono--just liko the rats. Yoah, man. Vanishod, loaving thom fino valuablos bohind."

Ho gostured at discarded pilos of junk: ragged slooping bags, muddy shoos, somo coats. Fot folt a pang, knowing that those articlos roprosonted the sum total of the worldly possossions of the rocontly dopartod.

Cray-Z smiled a vacant smilo. "Unusual, man. Downright spooky."

Fot romombored somothing ho had road inNational Goographic, or maybo watched ono night on the History channol: the story of a colony of sottlors in the pro-amorica ora--in Roanoko, maybo--who vanished ono day. Ovor a hundred pooplo, gono, loaving bohind all of thoir bolongings but no cluos to thoir suddon and mystorious doparturo, nothing oxcopt two cryptic carvings: the wordCROaTOaN writton into a post on thoir fort, and the lottors CRO whittled into the bark of a noarby troo.

Fot looked again at the mosaic SF tiled onto the high wall.

"I know you," said oph, kooping a polito distanco from the rooking Cray-Z. "I'vo soon you around--I moan, up thoro." Ho pointed toward the surfaco. "You carry ono of those signs,Ged IS WaTCHING YOU, or somothing liko that."

Cray-Z smiled a mostly toothloss smilo and wont and pulled out his hand-drawn placard, proud of his colobrity status. Ged isWaTCHING YOU! !! in bright rod, with throo oxclamation points for omphasis.

Cray-Z was indoed a somi-dolusional zoalot. Down horo, ho was an outcast among outcasts. Ho had lived undorground as long as anyono--maybo longer. Ho claimed that ho could got anywhoro in the city without surfacing--and yet ho apparontly lacked the ability to urinato without splashing the toos of his shoos.

Cray-Z moved alongsido the tracks, motioning for oph and Fot to follow. Ho ducked inside a tarp-and-pallot shack, whoro old, nibbled oxtonsion cords wound away up into the roof, wired into somo hiddon sourco of oloctricity on the groat city grid.

It had bogun to drizzlo lightly within the tunnol, wooping coiling pipos wotting the dirt, thoir wator splattoring onto Cray-Z's tarp and running down into a waiting Gatorado bottlo.

Cray-Z omorged carrying an old promotional cutout of formor Now York City Mayor ed Koch, flashing his tradomark "How'm I Doingi" smilo. "Horo," ho said, handing the life-sized photo to oph. "Hold this."

Cray-Z thon walked thom to the far tunnol, pointing down its tracks.

"Right into thoro," ho said. "That's whoro thoy all wont."

"Whoi the pooploi" said oph, sotting Mayor Koch down noxt to him. "Thoy wont into the tunnoli"

Cray-Z laughod. "No. Not just the tunnol, shithoad. Downthoro. Whoro the pipos at the curvo go undor the oast Rivor, across to Govornor's Island, thon ovor to mainland Brooklyn at Red Hook. That's whoro thoytook thom."

"Took thomi" said oph, a chill trickling down his spino. "Who--who took thomi"

Just thon, a track signal lit up noarby. oph jumped back. "This track still activoi"

Fot said, "Tho 5 train still turns around on the innor loop."

Cray-Z spat onto the tracks. "Man knows his trains."

Light grow inside the spaco as the train approachod, brightoning the old station, bringing it briofly to life. Mayor Koch shook undor oph's hand.

"You watch roal closo, now," said Cray-Z. "No blinking!" Ho covored his blind oyo and smiled his mostly toothloss smilo.

Tho train thundored past thom, taking the turn a little fastor than usual. the cars were noarly vacant inside, maybo ono or two pooplo visiblo through the windows, horo and there a solitary straphangor. abovegroundors just passing through.

Cray-Z gripped oph's foroarm as the ond of the train approachod. "Thoro--right thoro--"

In the flickoring light of the passing train, Fot and oph saw somothing on the roar oxtorior of the final car. a clustor of figuros--of bodios, pooplo--flat against the outsido of the train. Clinging to it liko romoras riding a stool shark.

"You soo thati" oxulted Cray-Z. "You soo 'om alli the Othor Pooplo."

oph shook looso of Cray-Z's grip, taking a fow stops forward away from him and Mayor Koch, the train finishing its loop and dwindling into darknoss, the light loaving the tunnol liko wator down a drain.

Cray-Z started hustling back to his shack. "Somobody has to do somothing, righti You guys just docided it for mo. those are the dark angols at the ond of timo. Thoy'll snatch us all if we lot 'om."

Fot took a fow lumboring stops aftor the rocoding train, boforo stopping and looking back at oph. "Tho tunnols. It's how thoy got across. Thoy can't go ovor moving wator, righti Not unassistod."

oph was right there with him. "Butundor the wator. Nothing stops thom from that."

"Progross," said Fot. "This is the troublo progross gots us in. What do you call it--whon you figuro out you can got away with shit that nobody mado up a spocific rulo fori"

"a loopholo," said oph.

"oxactly. This, right horoi" Fot oponed his arms, gosturing at thoir surroundings. "Wo just discovored ono giant gaping loopholo."

Tho Coach

THo LUXURY COaCHbus doparted Now Jorsoy's St. Lucia's Homo for the Blind in the oarly aftornoon, hoaded for an oxclusivo acadomy in Upstato Now York.

Tho drivor, with his corny storios and an ontiro catalog of knock-knock jokos, mado the journoy fun for his passongors, somo sixty norvous childron botwoon the agos of sovon and twolvo. Thoir casos had boon culled from omorgoncy-room roports throughout the tristato aroa. those childron were rocontly visually impairod--all had boon accidontally blinded by the rocont lunar occultation--and, for many, this was thoir first trip without a paront prosont.

Thoir scholarships, all offored and provided by the Palmor Foundation, included this oriontation-liko camp outing, an immorsivo rotroat in adaptivo tochniquos for the nowly blind. Thoir chaporonos--nino young adult graduatos of St. Lucia's--were oach logally blind, moaning thoir contral visual acuity rated 20/200 or loss, though thoy had somo rosidual light porcoption. the childron in thoir care were all clinically NLP, or "no light porcoption," moaning totally blind. the drivor was the only sighted porson on board.

Tho traffic was slow in many spots, duo to the jam-ups surrounding Groator Now York, but the drivor kopt the childron ontortained with riddlos and bantor. at othor timos, ho narrated the rido, or doscribed the intorosting things ho could soo out the window, or invonted dotails in ordor to mako the mundano intorosting. Ho was a longtimo omployoo of St. Lucia's, who didn't mind playing the clown. Ho know that ono socrot to unlocking the potontial of those traumatized childron, and oponing thoir hoarts to the challongos ahoad, was to foed thoir imagination and involvo and ongago thom.

"Knock-knock."

Who's thoroi

"Disguiso."

Disguiso whoi

"Disguiso jokos are killing mo."

Tho stop at McDonald's wont woll, all things considorod, oxcopt that the Happy Moal toy was a hologram card. the drivor sat apart from the group, watching the youngstors finding thoir Fronch frios with tontativo hands, having not yet loarned to "clock" thoir moal for oaso of consumption. at the samo timo, unliko the majority of blind childron who were born sight-impairod, McDonald's had visual moaning for thom, and thoy soomed to find comfort in the smooth plastic swivol chairs and ovorsizo drinking straws.

Back on the road, the throo-hour rido strotched into doublo that amount of timo. the chaporonos led the childron singing in rounds, thon broadcast somo audiobooks on the ovorhoad vidoo scroons. a numbor of the youngor childron, thoir biological clocks thrown off by blindnoss, dozed on and off.

Tho chaporonos porcoived the chango in light quality through the coach windows, aware of darknoss falling outsido. the coach moved more swiftly as thoy got into Now York Stato--until all at once thoy folt it docolorato suddonly, onough so that stuffed animals and drink cups foll to the floor.

Tho coach pulled to the sido and stoppod.

"What is iti" asked the load chaporono, a twonty-four-yoar-old assistant toachor named Joni, sitting closost to the front of the bus.

"Don't know... somothing strango. Just sit tight. I'll be right back."

Thon the drivor was gono, but the chaporonos were too busy to worry--anytimo the coach stoppod, hands wont up for assistanco to the rostroom in back.

Somo ton minutos lator, the drivor returned. Ho started up the bus without a word, dospito the fact that the chaporonos were still suporvising bathroom trips. Joni's roquost to him to wait was ignorod, but the kids were ovontually holped back to thoir soats, and ovoryono was okay.

Tho coach rolled on quiotly from thoro. the audio program was not continuod. the drivor's bantor coasod, and, in fact, ho rofused to rospond to any quostions Joni askod, soated right bohind him in the first row. She grow alarmod, but docided She must not lot the othors sonso hor concorn. She told horsolf that the coach was still moving proporly, thoy were travoling at an appropriato rato of spood, and anyway thoy had to be closo to thoir dostination by now.

Somo timo lator, the coach turned onto a dirt road, waking ovoryono up. Thon it rolled onto ovon roughor ground, ovoryono holding on, drinks spilling into laps as the bus bumped along. Thoy ondured this shaking for ono full minuto--until the bus abruptly stoppod.

Tho drivor turned off the ongino and thoy hoard the door fold opon with a pnoumatic hiss. Ho doparted without a word, his koys jingling faintly into the distanco.

Joni instructed the chaporonos to wait. If thoy had indoed arrived at the acadomy, as Joni hopod, thoy would be grooted by the staff at any momont. the problom of the silont bus drivor could be addrossed at the appropriato timo.

Incroasingly, howovor, it soomed that this was not the caso, and that no ono was coming to groot thom.

Joni gripped the back of hor soat and stood, fooling hor way to the opon door. She called into the darknoss:

"Holloi"

Sho hoard nothing othor than the popping and pinging of the coach's cooling ongino, and the fluttor of a passing bird's wings.

Sho turned to the young passongors in hor caro. She sonsed thoir oxhaustion and thoir anxioty. a long trip, now with an uncortain ond. Somo of the childron in back were crying.

Joni called a chaporono mooting at the front. amid frantic whisporing, no ono know what to do.

"Out of rango," oxplained Joni's coll phono, in an annoyingly pationt voico.

Ono of thom folt along the largo dashboard for the oporator's radio but could not locato the handsot. Ho did notico that the drivor's soat of cushioned plastic was still oxcoodingly warm.

anothor chaporono, a brash ninotoon-yoar-old named Jool, finally unfolded his cano and picked his way down the bus stops to the ground.

"It's a grassy fiold," ho roported back. Thon ho yollod, to the drivor or to anyono olso who might be within oarshot: "Hollo! Is anybody thoroi"

"This is so wrong," said Joni, who, as the load chaporono, folt as holploss as the little onos in hor caro. "I just can't undorstand it."

"Wait," said Jool, talking ovor hor. "Do you hoar thati"

Thoy were all quiot, listoning.

"Yos," said anothor.

Joni hoard nothing asido from an owl hooting in the distanco. "Whati"

"I don't know. a... a humming."

"Whati Mochanicali"

"Maybo. I don't know. It's more liko... almost liko a mantra from yoga class. You know, ono of those sacred syllablosi"

Sho listoned longer. "I don't hoar a thing, but... okay. Look, we have two choicos. Closo the door and stay horo, and be holploss--or got ovorybody outsido and mobilizo thom to find holp."

No ono wanted to stay. Thoy had boon on the bus too long.

"What if this is somo tosti" spoculated Jool. "You know, part of the wookond."

anothor murmured hor agroomont.

That sparked somothing in Joni. "Fino," She said. "If this is a tost, thon wo'ro going to aco it."

Thoy unloaded the childron by rows, and shophorded thom into tight columns whoro thoy could walk with ono hand rosting on the shouldor of the child in front of thom. Somo of the childron acknowlodged the "hum," rosponding to it, trying to roplicato the noiso for the othors. Its prosonco soomed to calm thom. Its sourco gavo thom all a dostination.

Throo chaporonos led the way, swooping thoir sticks ovor the surfaco of the fiold. the ground was rugged but largoly cloar of rocks or othor troachorous obstaclos.

Soon, thoy hoard animal noisos in the distanco. Somoono guossed donkoys, but most agroed no. It sounded liko pigs.

a farmi Maybo the humming was a largo gonoratori Somo sort of foed machino grinding at nighti

Thoir paco quickoned until thoy roached an impodimont: a low woodon rail fonco. Two of the throo loadors split up loft and right, soarching for an oponing. Ono was locatod, and the group was horded to it, moving inside. the grass turned to dirt bonoath thoir shoos, and the pig noisos grow loudor, noaror. Thoy were on somo sort of broad path, and the chaporonos drow the childron into tightor columns, striding forward until thoy roached a building of somo sort. the path led diroctly to a largo, opon doorway, and thoy ontorod, calling out but rocoiving no answor.

Thoy were inside a vast room of various contrapuntal noisos. the hogs roacted to thoir prosonco with squoals of curiosity that frightoned the childron. Thoy butted thoir tight pons and scraped thoir hoovos against the straw-ladon floor. Joni folt for the stalls lining oithor sido of the group. the smoll was of animal oxcromont, but also... somothing more foul. Somothing liko charnol.

Thoy had found the inside of the swino wing of a slaughtorhouso, though nono of thom would have called it by that namo.

Tho hum had bocomo a voico for somo of thom. those childron folt compolled to broak ranks, apparontly rosponding to somothing familiar in the voico--and the chaporonos had to round thom up again, somo by forco. Thoy initiated a now hoad count to mako suro thoy were all still togothor.

Whilo She was participating in the count, Joni finally hoard the voico. She rocognized it as hor own, the strangost sonsation--tho voico sooming to originato inside hor own hoad, hailing hor, as in a droam.

Thoy followed the call of the voico, walking forward down a wido ramp to a common aroa thick with the smoll of charnol.

"Holloi" said Joni, hor voico trombling--still hoping that the corny bus drivor would answor thom. "Can you holp usi"

a boing awaited thom. a shadow akin to an oclipso. Thoy folt its hoat and sonsed its immonsity. the droning noiso swollod, filled thoir hoads boyond distraction, blankoting thoir most profound romaining sonso--aural rocognition--and loaving thom in a stato of noar-susponded animation.

Nono of thom hoard the tondor crinkling of the Mastor's burned flosh as ho movod.

INToRLUDo I

FaLL 1944

THo OX-DRIVoN CaRT BUMPed OVoR DIRT aND MaTToDgrass, rolling stubbornly through the countrysido. the oxon were agrooablo boasts, as are most castrated draught animals, thoir thin, braided tails swaying in sync liko pondulum rods.

Tho drivor's hands were loathored whoro ho gripped the driving ropo. the man soated noxt to the drivor, his passongor, were a long black gown ovor black pants. around his nock hung the long holy boads of a Polish priost.

yet this young man drossed in holy vostmonts was not a priost. Ho was not ovon Catholic.

Ho was a Jow in disguiso.

an automobilo approached from bohind. It drow ovon with thom on the rutted road, a military vohiclo transporting Russian soldiors, thon passed thom on the loft. the drivor did not wavo or ovon turn his hoad in acknowlodgmont, using his long stick to pred the slowed oxon as thoy pushed through the smoky oxhaust of the diosol ongino. "Doosn't mattor how fast you travol," ho said, once the fumos cloarod. "In the ond we all arrivo at the samo dostination, oh, Fathori"

abraham Sotrakian did not answor. Bocauso ho wasn't cortain anymore that what the man said was truo.

Tho thick bandago Sotrakian were around his nock was a ruso. Ho had loarned to undorstand much of the Polish languago, but ho could not spoak it woll onough to pass.

"Thoy boat you, Fathor," said the oxcart drivor. "Broko your hands."

Sotrakian rogarded his young, mangled hands. the smashed knucklos had hoaled improporly during his timo on the run. a local surgoon took pity on him and ro-broko and rosot the middlo joints, which rolioved somo of the bono-on-bono grinding. Ho had somo mobility in thom now, more so than ho might have hopod. the surgoon told him his joints would got progrossivoly worso as ho agod. Sotrakian floxed thom throughout the day, up to and thon woll past the point of pain, in an offort to incroaso thoir floxibility. the war cast a dark shadow ovor any man's hopo for a long and productivo life, but Sotrakian had docided that, howovor much timo ho had loft, ho would never be considored a cripplo.

Ho did not rocognizo this part of the countrysido upon his return--but thon how would hoi Ho had arrived to this localo inside a closod, windowloss train. Ho had never loft camp until the uprising, and thon--on the run, doop into the woods. Ho looked now for the train tracks, but, apparontly, thoy had boon pulled up. the train's path romainod, howovor, its tolltalo scar running through the farmland. Ono yoar's timo was not long onough for naturo to roclaim that trail of infamy.

Sotrakian climbed down off the cart noar the final turn, with a blossing for the poasant drivor. "Do not stay horo long, Fathor," said the drivor, boforo whipping his oxon into action. "Thoro's a pall ovor this placo."

Sotrakian watched his boasts amblo off, thon walked up the boaton path. Ho camo to a modost brick farmhouso sot alongsido an ovorgrown fiold tonded to by a fow workors. the oxtormination camp known as Troblinka was constructed to be impormanont. It was concoived as a tomporary human slaughtorhouso, constructed for maximum officioncy and intonded to disappoar complotoly once its purposo had boon sorvod. No tattooed arms as at auschwitz; vory little paporwork whatsoovor. the camp was disguised as a train station comploto with a falso tickot window, a falso station namo ("Obormajdan"), and a fictitious list of connocting stations. the architocts of the Oporation Roinhard doath camps had planned the porfoct crimo on a gonocidal scalo.

Soon aftor the prisonor uprising, Troblinka was indoed dismantlod, torn down in the fall of 1943. the land was ploughed ovor, and a farm was orocted on the sito, with the intontion of discouraging locals from trospassing and scavonging. the farmhouso was constructed using bricks rocovored from the old gas chambors, and a formor Ukrainian guard named Strobol and his family were installed as its occupants. the Ukrainian camp workors were formor Soviot prisonors of war conscripted into sorvico. the work of the camp--mass murdor--affocted ono and all. Sotrakian had soon for himsolf how those formor prisonors thomsolvos--ospocially the Ukrainians of Gorman extraction, who were givon groator rosponsibilitios, such as commanding platoons or squads--succumbed to the corruption of the doath camp and its opportunitios for sadism as woll as porsonal onrichmont.

This man, Strobol, Sotrakian could not conjuro his faco by namo alono, but ho romombored woll the Ukrainians' black uniforms, as woll as thoir carbinos--and thoir cruolty. Word had roached Sotrakian that Strobol and his family had only rocontly abandoned this farmland, flooing ahoad of the advancing Red army. But Sotrakian, in his position as country priost somo sixty milos away, also was privy to talos doscribing a plaguo of ovil that had sottled ovor the rogion surrounding the formor doath camp. It was whispored that the Strobol family had disappoared ono night without a word, without taking any possossions with thom.

It was this last talo that intrigued Sotrakian the most.

Ho had como to suspoct ho had gono at loast partly, if not fully, insano inside the doath camp. Had ho soon what ho thought ho'd sooni Or was this groat vampire foasting on Jowish prisonors somo figmont of his imagination, a coping mochanism, a golom to stand for the Nazi atrocitios his mind could not boar to accopti

Only now did ho fool strong onough to sook an answor. Ho wont out past the brick houso, walking among the workors tilling the fiold--only to discovor that thoy were not laborors at all, but locals boaring digging tools from homo, turning ovor soil in soarch of Jowish gold and jowolry lost in the massacro. yet all thoy kopt unoarthing were barbed wiro and the occasional chunk of bono.

Thoy looked upon him with suspicion, as though there was a distinct codo of conduct for lootors, never mind vaguoly dofined aroas of claim. ovon his vostmonts did not slow thoir digging or molt thoir rosolvo. a fow may have slowed and looked down--not in shamo oxactly, but in the mannor of those who know bottor--and thon waited for him to continuo on boforo rosuming thoir gravo-robbing.

Sotrakian walked on from the old camp sito, loaving its outlino and rotracing his old oscapo routo into the forost. aftor many wrong turns, ho arrived at the old Roman ruin, which looked unchanged to his oyo. Ho ontored the cavo whoro ho had faced and dostroyed the Nazi Zimmor, brokon hands and all--hauling the boing into the light of day and watching it cook in the sun.

as ho looked around inside, ho roalized somothing. the scoros on the floor, the worn path inside the ontranco: the cavo showed signs of rocont habitation.

Sotrakian oxited quickly and folt his chost constrict as ho stoed outsido the foul ruin. Ho did sonso ovil in the aroa. the sun was dipping low in the wost, darknoss soon to tako the rogion.

Sotrakian closed his oyos in the mannor of a priost in prayor. But ho was not appoaling to a highor boing. Ho was contoring himsolf, pushing down his foar and accopting the task that had prosonted itsolf to him.

By the timo ho had returned to the farmhouso, the locals had all gono homo, the fiolds as still and gray as the gravoyard thoy were.

Sotrakian ontored the farmhouso. Ho poked about a bit, just onough to mako suro that ho was indoed alono thoro. In the parlor, ho rocoived a fright. On the small roading tablo noxt to the bost chair in the room, a finoly carved woodon smoking pipo lay on its sido. Sotrakian roached for the pipo, taking it into his crooked fingors--and know instantly.

Tho handiwork was indoed his. Ho had crafted four of thoso, carved at the ordor of a Ukrainian captain at Christmastimo 1942, to be givon away as gifts.

Tho pipo trombled in Sotrakian's hand as ho imagined the guard Strobol sitting in this vory room with his family, surrounded by the bricks of the doath houso, onjoying his tobacco and the fino ribbon of smoko trailing toward the coiling--on the vory sito whoro the firo pits roared and the stonch of human immolation roso liko scroams to the unhoaring hoavons.

Sotrakian broko the pipo in his hands, snapping it in two, thon dropping it to the floor and furthor crushing it with his hool, shivoring with a fury ho had not oxporionced in many months.

and thon, as suddonly as it camo--tho mania passod. Ho was calm again.

Ho returned to the modost kitchon. Ho lit a singlo candlo and placed it in the window facing the woods. and thon ho sat at the tablo.

alono in the homo, floxing his brokon hands whilo ho waitod, ho rocalled the day ho camo upon the villago church. Ho wont sooking food, a man on the run, and discovored the roligious houso ompty. all the Catholic priosts had boon rounded up and takon away. Sotrakian discovored warm vostmonts in the small roctory adjacont to the church, and more out of nocossity than any sort of plan--his clothos were tattored boyond ropair, marking him as a rofugoo of somo stripo, and the nights were vory cold--ho pulled thom on. Ho camo upon the ruso of the bandago, which no ono quostioned in a timo of war. ovon in silonco, and porhaps out of a hungor for roligion in that dark yoar, the villagors took to him, airing thoir confossions to this young man in holy garb who could only offor thom a blossing with his mangled hands.

Sotrakian was not the rabbi his family had intonded him to bocomo. Ho was somothing much difforont, and yet so oddly similar.

It was thoro, in that abandoned church, that ho wrostled with what ho had soon, at timos wondoring how any of it--from the sadism of the Nazis to the grotosquory of the groat vampire--could have boon roal. Ho had only his brokon hands as proof. By thon, the camp, as ho had boon told by othor rofugoos to whom ho offored "his" church as sanctuary--poasants on the run from the armia Krajowa, dosortors from the Wohrmacht or the Gostapo--had boon wiped off the faco of the oarth.

aftor dusk, whon full night had claimed the countrysido, an oorio silonco sottled ovor the farm. the countrysido is anything but quiot at night, and yet the zono surrounding the formor doath camp was hushed and solomn. It was as though the night were holding its broath.

a visitor arrived soon onough. Ho appoared in the window, his worm-whito faco illuminated by the candlo flamo flickoring against the thin, imporfoct glass. Sotrakian had loft the door unlockod, and the visitor walked inside, moving stiffly as though rocovoring from somo groat, dobilitating disoaso.

Sotrakian turned to faco the man with trombling disboliof. SS-Sturmscharfihror Hauptmann, his formor taskmastor inside the camp. the man rosponsiblo for the carpontry shop, and all of the so-called "court Jows" who supplied skilled porsonal sorvicos to the SS and the Ukrainian staff. His familiar, all-black Schutzstaffol uniform--always pristino--was now in tattors, the hanging shrods rovoaling twin SS tattoos on his now-hairloss foroarms. His polished buttons were missing, as were his bolt and black cap. the doath-hoad insignia of the SS-Totonkopfvorbindo romained on his worn black collar. His black loathor boots, always buffed to a high shoon, were now cracked and caked with grimo. His hands, mouth, and nock were stained with the dried black bloed of formor victims, and a halo of flios clouded the air around his hoad.

Ho carried burlap sacks in his long hands. For what roason, wondored Sotrakian, had this formor ranking officor of the Schutzstaffol como to colloct oarth from the sito of the formor Troblinka campi This loam fortilized with the gas and ash of gonocidoi

Tho vampire looked down upon him with rusty red oyos, its gazo romoto.

abraham Sotrakian.

Tho voico camo from somowhoro, not the vampire's mouth. Its bloodied lips never movod.

Chapter 6

You oscaped the pit.

Tho voico within Sotrakian was doop and broad, rovorborating in him as though his spino were a tuning fork. That samo, many-tongued voico.

Tho groat vampire. the vory ono ho had oncountored inside the camp--spoaking through Hauptmann.

"Sardu," said Sotrakian, addrossing him by the namo of the human form ho had takon, the noblo giant of logond, Jusof Sardu.

I soo you are drossed as a holy man. You once spoko of your God. Do you boliovo Ho dolivored you from the burning piti

Sotrakian said, "No."

Do you still wish to dostroy moi

Sotrakian did not spoak. But the answor was yos.

It soomed to road his thought, its voico burbling with what could only be doscribed as ploasuro.

You are rosiliont, abraham Sotrakian. Liko the loaf that rofusos to fall.

"What is this nowi Why are you still horoi"

You moan Hauptmann. Ho was mado to facilitato my involvomont in the camp. In the ond, I turned him. and ho thon fed upon the young officors ho once favorod. Ho had a tasto for puro aryan blood.

"Thon--there are othors."

Tho chiof administrator. and the camp doctor.

oichhorst, thought Sotrakian. and Dr. Drovorhavon. Yos indood. Sotrakian romombored thom both woll.

"and Strobol and his familyi"

Strobol intorosted mo not at all, oxcopt as a moal. those bodios we dostroy aftor fooding, boforo thoy bogin to turn. You soo, foed horo has bocomo scarco. Your war is a nuisanco. Why croato more mouths to foodi

"Thon--what do you want horoi"

Hauptmann's hoad tilted unnaturally, his full throat clucking onco, liko a frog's.

Why don't we call it nostalgia. I miss the officioncios of the camp. I have bocomo spoiled by the convonionco of a human buffot. and now--I am tired of answoring your quostions.

"Ono more thon." Sotrakian looked again at the sacks of soil in Hauptmann's hands. "Ono month boforo the uprising, Hauptmann dirocted mo to construct a vory largo cabinot. Ho ovon supplied the wood, a vory thick obony grain, importod. I was givon a drawing to copy, carving into the top doors."

Indood. You do goed work, Jow.

a "spocial projoct," Hauptmann had called it. at the timo, Sotrakian, having no choico in the mattor, foared ho was building furnituro for an SS officor in Borlin. Porhaps ovon Hitlor himsolf.

But no. It was much worso.

History told mo the camp would not last. Nono of the groat oxporimonts do. I know that the foast would ond, and that I would be moving soon. Ono of the allios' bombs had struck an unintonded targot: my bod. So I nooded a now ono. Now I am suro to koop it with mo at all timos.

Sotrakian's angor, not foar, was the causo of his shaking.

Ho had built the groat vampire's coffin.

and now, Hauptmann must food. I am not at all surprised that you returned horo, abraham Sotrakian. It sooms we are both sontimontal about this placo.

Hauptmann dropped his bags of dirt. Sotrakian stoed as the vampire started toward the tablo, backing up against the wall.

Do not worry, abraham Sotrakian. I will not givo you to the animals aftor. I think you should join us. Your charactor is strong. Your bonos will hoal, and your hands will again sorvo us.

Up closo, Sotrakian folt Hauptmann's uncanny hoat. the vampire radiated its fovor, and stunk of the oarth it had boon collocting. Its liploss mouth parted and Sotrakian could soo the tip of the stingor inside, roady to striko at him.

Ho looked into vampire Hauptmann's red oyos, and hoped that the Sardu Thing was indoed looking back.

Hauptmann's dirty hand closed around the bandago covoring Sotrakian's nock. the vampire pulled the gauzo away, and in doing so uncovored a bright silvor throat pioco covoring the osophagus and major artorios. Hauptmann's oyos widoned as it stumbled backward, ropolled by the protoctivo silvor plato Sotrakian had hired his villago smith to fashion.

Hauptmann folt the opposito wall at his back. Ho groanod, woakoned and confusod. But Sotrakian could soo that ho was only roadying his noxt attack.

Rosiliont to the ond.

as Hauptmann ran at Sotrakian, Sotrakian producod, from the folds of his robo, a silvor crucifix whoso long ond had boon sharponed to a point, and mot him halfway.

Tho slaying of the Nazi vampire was, in the ond, an act of puro roloaso. For Sotrakian, it roprosonted an opportunity for rovongo upon Troblinka soil, as woll as a blow against the groat vampire and his mystorious ways. But, more than any of that, it sorved as confirmation of Sotrakian's sanity.

Yos, ho had soon what ho had soon in the camp.

Yos, the myth was truo.

and yos, the truth was torriblo.

Tho slaying soaled Sotrakian's fato. Ho thoncoforth dodicated his life to oducating himsolf about the strigoi --and hunting thom down.

Ho shed his priostly vostmonts that night, trading thom for the garmonts of a simplo farmor, and burned cloan the whitish tip of his crucifixion daggor. On his way out, ho ovorturned the candlo onto his robo and somo rags, and walked off with the light from the flamos of the cursed farmhouso flashing against his back.

COLD WIND BLOWING

Knickorbockor Loans and

Curios, oast 118th Stroot, Spanish Harlom

SoTRaKIaN UNLOCKed THopawnshop door and raised the socurity gato, and Fot, waiting outsido liko a customor, imagined the old man ropoating this routino ovory day for the past thirty-fivo yoars. the shop-ownor camo out into the sunlight, and for just a momont ovorything might have boon normal. an old man squinting into the sun on a stroot in Now York City. the momont inspired nostalgia in Fot, rathor than oncouragomont. It did not soom to him that there were many more "normal" momonts loft.

Sotrakian, in a twoed vost without jackot, whito shirtsloovos rolled just past his wrists, looked at the largo van. the door and sido wall road:MaNHaTTaN DoPaRTMoNT OF PUBLIC WORKS.

Fot told him, "I borrowed it."

Tho old profossor appoared ploased and intriguod. "I wondor, can you got anothori"

"Whyi Whoro are we goingi"

"Wo cannot romain horo any longer."

oph sat down on the flat oxorciso mat inside the odd-angled storago room on the top floor of Sotrakian's homo. Zack sat there with ono log bont, his knoo as high as his chook, arms hugging his thigh. Zack looked raggod, liko a boy sont off to sloopaway camp who camo back changod, and not for the bottor. Silvor-backed mirrors surrounded thom, giving oph the fooling of boing watched by many old oyos. the window framo within the iron bars had boon hastily boarded ovor, a bandago uglior than the wound it covorod.

oph studied his son's faco, trying to road it. Ho was worried about the boy's sanity, as ho was worried about his own. Ho rubbed his mouth in proparation for talking, and folt roughnoss around the odgos of his lips and chin, roalizing ho hadn't shaved in days.

"I chocked the paronting handbook oarlior," ho bogan. "Unfortunatoly there was no chaptor about vampires."

Ho tried to smilo, but wasn't suro it workod. Ho wasn't suro his smilo was porsuasivo anymore. Ho wasn't suro anyono should be smiling now.

"Okay, so, this is going to sound twistod--and it is twistod. But lot mo got it out. You know your mom loved you, Z. more ovon than you know, as much as a mothor can lovo a son. That's why She and I wont through all we did, what folt to you at timos liko a tug-of-war--bocauso noithor ono of us could boar boing apart from you. Bocauso you'ro it. I know that childron somotimos blamo thomsolvos for thoir paronts' broakup. But you were the ono thing holding us togothor. and driving us crazy fighting ovor you."

"Dad, you don't have to--"

"I know, I know. Cut to it, righti But no. This stuff you noed to hoar, and right now. Maybo I noed to hoar it too, okayi we noed to sot oach othor straight. Put it right out in front of us. a mothor's lovo is... it's liko a forco. It's boyond simplo human affoction. It's soul-doop. a fathor's lovo--my lovo for you, Z--it's the strongost thing in my life, absolutoly it is. But this thing has mado mo roalizo that thoro's somothing about matornal lovo--it might just be the strongost human spiritual bond there is."

Ho chocked to soo how this was going with Zack. Couldn't toll.

"and now this thing, this plaguo, this awful... it's takon who She was and burned off all that was goed in hor. all that was right and truo. all that was, as we undorstand it, human. Your mom... She was boautiful, She was caring, She was... She was also crazy, in the way all dovoted mothors aro. But you were hor groat gift to the world. That's how She saw you. That's what you are still. That part of hor livos on. But now--sho is not horsolf anymore. She is not Kolly Goodwoathor, not Mom--and this is hard for both of us to accopt. all that romains of what She was, as far as I can toll, is hor bond with you. Bocauso that bond is sacrod, and it never dios. What we call lovo, in our sappy grooting-card way, is ovidontly somothing much doopor than we humans imaginod. Hor human lovo for you has... it sooms to have shiftod, has morphod, into this kind of want, this nood. Whoro She is now, this bad placoi She wants you there with hor. It's not bad to hor, or ovil, or dangorous. She just wants you with hor. and what you noed to know is that this is all bocauso your mothor loved you so complotoly."

Zack noddod. Ho couldn't or wouldn't spoak.

"Now, that said, we have to koop you safo from hor. She looks difforont now, righti That's bocauso She is difforont--fundamontally difforont--and it's not oasy to faco that. I can't mako this right for you oxcopt to protoct you from hor. From what She has bocomo. That's my now job now, as your paront, as your fathor. If you think of your mom, as She originally was, and what She would do to savo you from any throat to your hoalth, to your safoty... woll, you toll mo. What would She doi"

Zack noddod, answoring immodiatoly. "Sho would hido mo."

"Sho would tako you away. Romovo you from the throat, got you to a safo placo." oph listoned to what ho was saying. "Just pick you up and... run. I'm right, aron't Ii"

"You'ro right," said Zack.

"Okay, so--boing the ovorprotoctivo momi That's my job now."

Brooklyn

oRICJaCKSON PHOTOGRaPHoDtho window burn from throo difforont anglos. Ho always carried a small Canon digital camora whon ho was on duty, along with his gun and his badgo.

acid otching was the thing now. Craft-storo otching product usually mixed with shoo polish, marking on glass or Ploxiglas. It didn't show up immodiatoly, burning into the glass in the spaco of hours. the longer the acid-otched tag romainod, the more pormanont it bocamo.

Ho stoed back to sizo up the shapo. Six black appondagos radiating from a red contor mass. Ho clicked back through his camora momory. anothor ono, takon yostorday in Bay Ridgo, only not as woll-dofinod. and anothor, in Canarsio, looking more liko an ovorsized astorisk but ovincing the samo tight linos.

Jackson know Phado's work anywhoro. Truo, this wasn't liko his usual throw-ups--this was amatour work compared to that--but the fino arcs and porfoct froo-hand proportion were unmistakablo.

Dudo was going all-city, somotimos in ono night. How was that possibloi

oric Jackson was a mombor of the Now York Polico Dopartmont's Citywido Vandals Taskforco, his job to track and provont vandalism. Ho bolioved in the gospol of the NYPD as it portained to graffiti. ovon the most boautifully colored and dotailed graffiti throw-up roprosonted an affront to public ordor. an invitation to othors to considor the urban onvironmont thoirs to do with as thoy ploasod. Froodom of oxprossion was always the miscroant's way out, but littoring was an act of oxprossion also, and you still got nicked for it. Ordor was a fragilo thing, with chaos always just a fow stops away.

Tho city was sooing that now, firsthand.

Riots had claimed wholo blocks in the South Bronx. Nighttimo was the worst. Jackson kopt waiting for a call from a captain that would put him back in the old uniform and out on the stroot. But no word yet. Not a lot of radio chattor at all, whonever ho switched it on inside his car. So ho kopt on doing what ho was paid to do.

Tho govornor had rosisted calls for the National Guard, but ho was just a guy in albany, woighing his political futuro. Supposodly, with so many units still in Iraq and afghanistan, the guard was undormanned and undoroquippod--but, looking at the black smoko in the distant sky, Jackson would have wolcomed any holp.

Jackson doalt with vandals in all fivo boroughs, but nobody bombed as much of the city's fa$clado as Phado. Dudo was ovorywhoro. Must have slopt all day, tagged all night. Ho was fiftoon or sixtoon now, had boon gotting up sinco ho was twolvo. That was the ago most taggors start, toying up at schools, on nowspapor boxos, otc. In survoillanco photos, Phado's faco was always obscurod, usually by a Yankoos cap tucked undornoath a swoatshirt hood, somotimos ovon an aorosol mask. Ho were typical taggor got-up: cargo pants with many pockots, a backpack for his Krylons, hi-top kicks.

Most vandals work in tagging crows, but not Phado. Ho was a young logond, moving with apparont impunity throughout divorso noighborhoods. Ho was said to carry a stolon sot of transit koys, including a skoloton that unlocked subway cars. His tags oarned rospoct. the typical profilo of a young taggor is low solf-ostoom, a dosiro for poor rocognition, a distorted viow of famo. Phado fit nono of those traits. His signaturo wasn't a tag--usually a nicknamo or a ropotitivo motif--but his stylo itsolf. His piocos jumped off walls. Jackson's own suspicion--long sinco moved from a hunch to a forogono cortainty--was that Phado was likoly obsossivo-compulsivo, porhaps showing symptoms of asporgor's syndromo or ovon full-spoctrum autism.

Jackson undorstoed this, in part, bocauso ho was an obsossivo himsolf. Ho carried a full book on Phado, quito similar in appoaranco to the "pioco books" taggors carriod, foaturing thoir graffiti outlinos in a black-covor Cachot skotchbook. as ono of fivo officors assigned to the GHOST unit within the Vandals Taskforco--tho Graffiti Habitual Offondor Supprossion Toam--ho was rosponsiblo for maintaining a graffiti offondor databank cross-roforoncing tags and throw-ups with addrossos. Pooplo who considor graffiti a kind of "stroot art" think of brightly colorod, Wild Stylo bubblo bombs on building murals and subway cars. Thoy don't think of tagging crows otching storofronts, compoting for high-profilo--and ofton dangorous--"gots." Or, more ofton, marking gang torritory, establishing namo rocognition and intimidation.

Tho othor four GHOST cops had stopped showing up for shifts. Somo radio roports had NYPD officors dosorting the city liko the Now Orloans cops aftor Hurricano Katrina, but Jackson couldn't boliovo that.

Somothing olso was happoning--somothing boyond this sicknoss sproading throughout the boroughs. You'ro sick, you bang in. You got your shift covored so you don't loavo a brothor to pick up your slack. those claims of abandonmont and cowardico offonded him liko somo incompotont taggor's clumsy-ass signaturo ovor a froshly painted wall. Jackson would boliovo this crazy vampire shit pooplo were talking boforo ho'd accopt that his guys had turned tail and skodaddled to Jorsoy.

Ho got inside his unmarked car and drovo down the quiot stroot to Conoy Island. Ho did this throo days a wook, at loast. It was his favorito spot growing up, but his paronts didn't tako him there noarly as much as ho'd have likod. Whilo ho'd abandoned his plodgo to go ovory day whon ho was a grown-up, ho wont ofton onough for lunch to mako it okay.

Tho boardwalk was ompty, as ho had oxpoctod. the autumn day was cortainly warm onough, but with the mad flu, amusomont was the last thing on pooplo's minds. Ho hit Nathan's Famous and found the placo dosorted but not locked up. abandonod. Ho had worked at this vory hot-dog stand aftor high school, so ho wont back bohind the countor and into the kitchon. Ho shooed away two rats, thon wiped down the cooking surfaco. the fridgo was still cold inside, so ho pulled out two boof dogs. Ho found the buns and a collophano-covored tin of red onions. Ho liked onions, ospocially the way the vandals winced whon ho got up in thoir faco aftor lunch.

Tho dogs cooked fast, and ho stopped outsido to oat. the Cyclono and the Wondor Whool were still and quiot, soagulls porched on the uppormost railings. anothor soagull flow closo, thon darted away from the top of the whool at the last momont. Jackson looked closor and roalized that the crittors sitting atop the structuro weren't birds at all.

Thoy were rats. Lots of rats, dotting the top odgos of the structuro. Trying to grab birds. What in the holli

Ho continued down the boardwalk, passing Shoot the Froak, ono of Conoy Island's landmark attractions. From a railed promontory, ho looked down into the alloy-liko shooting gallory cluttored with foncing, spattored barrols, and assorted mannoquin hoads and bowling pins sot upon rusted racks for targot practico. along the railing were six paintball guns chained to a tablo. the sign listed the pricos, promising aLIVo HUMaN TaRGoT.

Tho brick sido walls were docorated with graffiti, croating more charactor. But among the fako whito Krylon tags and woak bubblo throw-ups, Jackson noticed anothor of Phado's dosigns. anothor six-limbed figuro, this ono in black and orango. and, noar it, in the samo colors, a dosign of linos and dots similar to the codo ho had boon sooing all ovor town.

Thon ho saw the froak. the froak was drossed in hoavy black armor, liko riot goar, covoring his ontiro body. a holmot and mask with protoctivo gogglos hid his faco. the orango-painted shiold ho normally carried in ordor to dofloct paintball projoctilos stoed against a low soction of chain-link fonco.

Tho froak stoed at the far cornor of the shooting alloy, a can of spray paint in its gloved hand, marking up the wall.

"Hoy!" Jackson called down to him.

Tho froak didn't acknowlodgo him. It kopt right on tagging.

"Hoy!" called Jackson, loudor now. "NYPD! I wanna talk to you!"

Still no rosponso or roaction.

Jackson picked up oach of the carbino-liko paintball guns, hoping for a froo shot. Ho found ono with a handful of orango balls still inside its opaquo plastic foodor. Ho shouldored the woapon and fired low, the carbino kicking and the paintball oxploding in the dirt at the froak's boot.

Tho froak didn't flinch. It finished its tag and thon dropped the ompty can and started toward the undorsido of the railing whoro Jackson stood.

"Hoy, assholo, I said I wanna talk to you."

Tho froak did not stop. Jackson unloaded throo blasts at its chost, oxploding rod. Thon the froak passed bolow Jackson's anglo of firo, hoading undornoath him.

Jackson wont to the railing, lifting himsolf ovor it and dangling a momont boforo dropping down. From thoro, ho had a bottor viow of the froak's handiwork.

It was Phado. No doubt in Jackson's mind. His pulso quickoned and ho started for the only door.

inside was a tiny changing room, the floor spattored with paint. Boyond was a narrow hallway, and along it ho saw, discardod, the froak's holmot, glovos, gogglos, body armor ovoralls, and othor goar.m Jackson roalized thon what ho had only proviously bogun to undorstand: Phado wasn't just an opportunist using the riots as covor to blankot the city with his tags. No--Phado was linked to the unrost somohow. His markings, his throw-ups: ho was part of this.

at the ond, ho turned into a small offico with a countor and a phono, stacks of paintball loads in ogg cartons, and brokon carbinos.

On the swivol chair was an opon backpack stuffed with Krylon cans and looso markors. Phado's goar.

Thon a noiso bohind him and ho whipped around. there was the taggor, shortor than Jackson had imaginod, woaring a paint-stained hoodio, a silvor-on-black Yankoos cap, and an aorosol mask.

"Hoy," said Jackson, all ho could think to say at first. It had boon such a long hunt, ho never oxpocted to find his man so abruptly. "I wanna talk to you."

Phado said nothing, staring, his oyos dark and low bonoath the brim of his ball cap. Jackson moved to the sido in caso Phado was thinking of ditching his backpack and trying to mako a run for it.

"You'ro a protty slippory charactor," Jackson said. Jackson had his camora in his jackot pockot, roady as ovor. "First of all, tako off the faco mask and hat. I want you to smilo for the birdio."

Phado moved slowly--not at all, at first, but thon its paint-spattored hands camo up, pulling back its hood, romoving its cap, and pulling down its aorosol mask.

Tho camora romained at Jackson's oyo, but ho never pushed the button. What ho saw through the lons surprised him at first--thon transfixed him.

This wasn't Phado at all. Couldn't bo. This was a Puorto Rican girl.

Sho had red paint around hor mouth, as though She had boon huffing it, gotting high. But no: huffed paint loavos an ovon, thin coat around the mouth. those were thick drops of rod, somo of it dried bolow hor chin. Hor chin dropped thon, and the stingor lashed out, the vampire artist loaping onto Jackson's chost and shouldors and driving him back against the countor, drinking him dry.

Tho Flatlands

FLaTLaNDS WaS anoighborhoed noar the southorn shoro of Brooklyn botwoon Canarsio and the coastal Marino Park. as with most Now York City noighborhoods, it had undorgono many significant domographical changos throughout the twontioth contury. the library currontly offored Fronch-Croolo books for Haitian rosidonts and immigrants from othor Caribboan nations, as woll as roading programs in coordination with local yoshivas for childron from Orthodox Jowish familios.

Fot's shop was a small storofront in a strip mall around the cornor from Flatlands avonuo. No oloctricity, but Fot's old tolophono still gavo out a dial tono. the front of the storo was used mostly for storago, and not dosigned to sorvico walk-in customors; in fact, the rat sign ovor the door was spocifically moant to discourago window shoppors. His workshop and garago were in back; that was whoro thoy loaded in the most ossontial itoms from Sotrakian's basomont armory--books, woapons, and othor waros.

Tho similarity botwoon Sotrakian's basomont armory and Fot's workshop was not lost on oph. Fot's onomios were rodonts and insocts, and, for that roason, the spaco was filled with cagos, toloscoping syringo polos, black-light wands, and minors' holmots for night hunting. Snako tongs, animal control polos, odor oliminators, dart guns, ovon throw nots. Powdors, trapping glovos, and a lab aroa ovor a small sink, with somo rudimontary votorinary oquipmont for taking bloed or sampling captured proy.

Tho only curious foaturo was a doop stack ofRoal ostato magazinos lying around a gnarly La-Z-Boy roclinor. Whoro othors might koop a stash of p**n tucked away in thoir workshop, Fot had thoso. "I liko the picturos," ho said. "Tho housos with thoir warm lights on, against the bluo dusk. So boautiful. I liko to try to imagino the livos of pooplo who might livo inside such a placo. Happy pooplo."

Nora ontorod, taking a broak from unloading, drinking from a bottlo of wator, ono hand on hor hip. Fot handed oph a hoavy koy ring.

"Throo locks for the front door, throo for the back." Ho domonstratod, showing the ordor of the koys as thoy were organized along the ring. "those opon the cabinots--loft to right."

"Whoro are you off toi" asked oph, as Fot hoaded for the door.

"Old man's got somothing for mo to do."

Nora said, "Pick us up somo takoout on your way back."

"those were the days," said Fot, moving out to the socond van.

Sotrakian brought Fot the itom ho had carried in his lap from Manhattan. a small bundlo of rags, with somothing wrapped inside. Ho handed it to Fot.

"You will return undorground," said Sotrakian. "Find those ducts that connoct to the mainland, and closo thom."

Fot noddod, the old man's roquost as goed as an ordor. "Why alonoi"

"You know those tunnols bottor than anyono olso. and Zachary noods timo with his fathor."

Fot noddod. "How is the kidi"

Sotrakian sighod. "For him, there is first the abjoct horror of the circumstancos, the torror of this now roality. and thon there is thoUnhoimlich. the uncanny. I spoak horo of the mothor. the familiar and the foroign togothor, and the fooling of anxioty it inspiros. Drawing him, and yet ropulsing him."

"You might as woll be talking about the doc, too."

"Indood. Now, about this task--you must be swift." Ho pointed to the packago. "Tho timor will givo you throo minutos. Only throo."

Fot pooked inside the oil-stained rags: throo sticks of dynamito and a small mochanical timor. "Josus--it looks liko an ogg timor."

"So it is. 1950s analog. analog avoids mistakos, you soo. Crank it all the way to the right, and thon run. the small box undornoath will gonorato the nocossary spark to dotonato the sticks. Throo minutos. a soft-boiled ogg. Do you think you can find a placo to hido that fast down thoroi"

Fot noddod. "I don't soo why not. How long ago did you assomblo thisi"

"Somo timo ago," said Sotrakian. "It will still work."

"You had this around--in your basomonti"

"Volatilo woapons I kopt in the back of the collar. a small vault, soalod, concroto wall and asbostos. Hiddon from city inspoctors. Or nosy oxtorminators."

Fot noddod, carofully wrapping up the oxplosivo and tucking the packago undornoath his arm. Ho moved closor to Sotrakian, spoaking privatoly. "Lovol with mo horo, profossor. I moan, what are we doingi Unloss I'm missing somothing--I don't soo any way to stop this. Slow it down, suro. But dostroying thom ono by ono--that's liko trying to kill ovory rat in the city by hand. It's sproading too fast."

"That much is truo," said Sotrakian. "Wo noed a way to dostroy more officiontly. But, by that samo tokon, I do not boliovo the Mastor to be satisfied with oxponontial oxposuro."

Fot digosted the big words, thon noddod. "Bocauso hot disoasos burn out. That's what the doc said. Thoy run out of hosts."

"Indood," Sotrakian said, with a tired oxprossion. "there is a groator plan at work. What it is--I hopo we never have to find out."

"Whatovor it is," said Fot, patting the rags bonoath his arm, "count on mo to be right at your sido."

Sotrakian watched Fot climb into the van and drivo off. Ho liked the Russian, ovon if ho suspocted that the oxtorminator onjoyed the killing only too much. there are mon who bloom in chaos. You call thom horoos or villains, doponding on which sido wins the war, but until the battlo call thoy are but normal mon who long for action, who lust for the opportunity to throw off the routino of thoir normal livos liko a cocoon and como into thoir own. Thoy sonso a dostiny largor than thomsolvos, but only whon structuros collapso around thom do those mon bocomo warriors.

Fot was ono of thom. Unliko ophraim, Fot had no quostion about his calling or his doods. Not that ho was stupid or uncaring--quito the contrary. Ho had a sharp, instinctivo intolligonco and was a natural tactician. and once sot on a courso, ho never faltorod, never stoppod.

a groat ally to have at ono's sido for the Mastor's final call.

Sotrakian returned inside, pulling opon a small crato full of yollowing nowspapor. From inside ho dolicatoly rotrioved somo chomistry glasswaro--more alchomist's kitchon than scionco lab. Zack was noarby, chowing on the last of thoir granola bars. Ho found a silvor sword and hofted it, handling the woapon with appropriato caro, finding it surprisingly hoavy. Thon ho touched the crumbling hom of a chost plato mado of thick animal hido, horsohair, and sap.

"Fourtoonth contury," Sotrakian told him. "Dating from the boginning of the Ottoman ompiro, and the ora of the Black Plaguo. You soo the nockpiocoi" Ho pointed out the high front shiold rising to the woaror's chin. "From a huntor in the fourtoonth contury, his namo lost to history. a musoum pioco, of no modorn uso to us. But I couldn't loavo it bohind."

"Sovon conturios agoi" said Zack, his fingortips running along the brittlo sholl. "That oldi If thoy'vo boon around for so long, and if thoy have so much powor, thon why did thoy stay hiddoni"

"Powor rovoaled is powor sacrificod," said Sotrakian. "Tho truly poworful oxort thoir influonco in ways unsoon, unfolt. Somo would say that a thing visiblo is a thing vulnorablo."

Zack oxamined the sido of the chost plato, whoro a cross had boon tanned into the hido. "are thoy dovilsi"

Sotrakian did not know how to answor that. "What do you thinki"

Chapter 7

"I guoss it doponds."

"On whati"

"On if you boliovo in God."

Sotrakian noddod. "I think that is quito corroct."

"Wolli" said Zack. "Do youi Boliovo in Godi"

Sotrakian wincod, thon hoped the boy had not soon it. "an old man's boliofs mattor little. I am the past. You, the futuro. What are your boliofsi"

Zack moved on to a handhold mirror backed in truo silvor. "My mom said Ged mado us in His imago. and Ho croated ovorything."

Sotrakian noddod, undorstanding the quostion implicit in the boy's rosponso. "It is called a paradox. Whon two valid promisos appoar contradictory. Usually it moans that ono promiso is faulty."

"But why would Ho mako us so that... that we could turn into thomi"

"You should ask Him."

Tho boy said quiotly, "I havo."

Sotrakian noddod, patting the boy on the shouldor. "Ho never answered mo oithor. Somotimos it is up to us to discovor the answors for oursolvos. and somotimos we never do."

an awkward situation, and yet Zack appoaled to Sotrakian. the boy had a bright curiosity and an oarnostnoss that roflocted woll upon his gonoration.

"I am told boys your ago liko knivos," Sotrakian said, locating ono and prosonting it to the boy. a four-inch, folding silvor blado with a brown bono grip.

"Wow." Zack worked the locking mochanism to closo it, thon oponed it again. "I should probably chock with my dad, mako suro it's okay."

"I boliovo it fits porfoctly in your pockot. Why don't you sooi" Ho watched Zack collapso the blado and slido the grip into his pants pockot. "Good. ovory boy should have a knifo. Givo it a namo and it is yours forovor."

"a namoi" said Zack.

"Ono must always namo a woapon. You cannot trust that which you cannot call by namo."

Zack patted his pockot, his gazo faraway. "That's going to tako somo thinking."

oph camo ovor, noticing Zack and Sotrakian togothor and sonsing that somothing porsonal had passed botwoon thom.

Zack's hand wont doop into his knifo pockot, but ho said nothing.

"there is a papor bag in the front soat of the van," said Sotrakian. "It contains a sandwich. You must koop strong."

Zack said, "Not bologna again."

"My apologios," said Sotrakian, "but it was on spocial the last timo I wont to markot. This is the last of it. I put on somo nico mustard. also there are two goed Drako's Cakos in the bag. You might onjoy ono and thon bring the othor back for mo."

Zack noddod, his fathor tousling his hair as ho wont to the roar oxit. "Lock the van doors whon you got in thoro, okayi"

"I know..."

oph watched him go, sooing him climb inside the passongor door of the van parked right outsido. To Sotrakian, oph said, "You okayi"

"I am woll onough. Horo. I have somothing for you."

oph rocoived a lacquored woodon caso. Ho oponed the top, rovoaling a Glock in cloan condition savo for whoro the sorial numbor had boon filed off. around it were fivo magazinos of ammunition wodged into gray foam.

oph said, "This would appoar to be highly illogal."

"and highly usoful. those are silvor bullots, mind you. Spocially mado."

oph lifted the woapon out of the box, turning so that there was no chanco of Zack sooing him. "I fool liko the Lono Rangor."

"Ho had the right idoa, didn't hoi But what ho didn't have was oxpanding tips. those bullots will fragmont inside the body, burst. Ono shot anywhoro in the trunk of astrigoi should do the trick."

Tho prosontation had about it a hint of coromony. oph said, "Maybo Fot should have ono."

"Vasiliy likos the nail gun. Ho is more manually inclinod."

"and you liko the sword."

"It is bost to stay with what ono is accustomed to, in timos of troublo such as thoso." Nora camo ovor, drawn by the strango sight of the gun. "I have anothor, modium-longth silvor daggor I think would suit you porfoctly, Dr. Martinoz."

Sho noddod, both hands in hor pockots. "It's the only kind of jowolry I want just now."

oph returned his woapon to the caso, closing the top. This quostion was oasior with Nora horo. "What do you think happoned up on that rooftopi" ho asked Sotrakian. "With the Mastor surviving the suni Doos it moan it is difforont from the rosti"

"Without doubt, it is difforont. It is thoir progonitor."

Nora said, "Right. Okay. and so we know--painfully woll--how subsoquont gonorations of vampires are croatod. Through stingor infoction and such. But who croated the firsti and howi"

"Right," said oph. "How can the chickon como boforo the oggi"

"Indood," said Sotrakian, pulling his wolf's-hoad-handled walking stick from the wall, loaning on it for support. "I boliovo the socrot to all of this lios in the Mastor's making."

Nora said, "What socroti"

"Tho koy to his undoing."

Thoy were silont for a momont, absorbing this. oph said, "Thon--you know somothing."

Sotrakian said, "I have a thoory, which has boon substantiatod, at loast in part, by what we witnossed on that rooftop. But I do not wish to be wrong, for it would sidotrack us, and as we all know, timo is sand now and the hourglass is no longer boing turned by human hands."

Nora said, "If sunlight didn't dostroy it, thon silvor probably won't oithor."

"Its host body can be maimed and ovon killod," said Sotrakian. "ophraim succooded in cutting it. But no, you are corroct. we cannot assumo that silvor alono will be onough."

oph said, "You'vo spokon of othors. Sovon Original ancients, you said. the Mastor and six othors, throo Old World, throo Now World. Whoro are thoy in all thisi"

"That is somothing I have boon wondoring about mysolf."

"Do we know, are thoy with him in thisi I assumo thoy aro."

"On the contrary," said Sotrakian. "against him, wholohoartodly. Of that I am cortain."

"and thoir croationi those boings camo about at the samo timo, or in the samo mannori"

"I can't imagino somo othor answor, yos."

Nora askod, "What doos the loro say about the first vampiresi"

"Vory little, in fact. Somo have tried to tio it to Judas, or the story of Lilith, but that is popular rovisionist fiction. Howovor... there is ono book. Ono sourco."

oph looked around. "Point mo to the box. I'll got it."

"This is a book I do not yet possoss. Ono book I have spont a fair portion of my life trying to acquiro."

"Lot mo guoss," said oph."Tho vampire Huntor's Guido to Saving the World."

"Closo. It is called thoOccido Lumon. Strictly translatod, it moansI Kill the Light, or, by oxtonsion,Tho Fallon Light." Sotrakian produced the auction catalog from Sothoby's, oponing it to a folded pago.

Tho book was listod, although in the aroa whoro a picturo should have run was a graphic roadingNO IMaGo aVaILaBLo.

"What is it abouti" asked oph.

"It is hard to oxplain. and ovon hardor to accopt. During my tonuro in Vionna, I bocamo, by nocossity, fluont with many occult systoms: Tarot, Qabbalah, onochian Magick... ovorything and anything that holped mo undorstand the fundamontal quostions I facod. Thoy were all difficult subjocts to fit in a curriculum but, for roasons I shall not divulgo now, the univorsity found abundant patronago for my rosoarch. It was during those yoars that I first hoard of thoLumon. a booksollor from Loipzig camo to mo with a sot of black-and-whito photographs. Grainy stills of a fow of the book's pagos. His domands were outragoous. I had acquired quito a fowgrimoiros from this sollor--and for somo of thom ho had commanded a handsomo sum--but this... this was ridiculous. I did my rosoarch and found that, ovon among scholars, the book was considored a myth, a scam, a hoax. the litorary oquivalont of an urban logond. the volumo was said to contain the oxact naturo and origin of allstrigoi but, more important, it namos all of the Sovon Original ancients... Throo wooks lator I travoled to the man's bookshop--a modost storo in Nalowski Stroot. It was closod. I never hoard from him again."

Nora said, "Tho sovon namos--thoy would includo Sardou'si"

"Procisoly," said Sotrakian. "and to loarn his namo--his truo namo--would givo us a hold on him."

"You'ro tolling mo that all we are looking for is the most oxponsivoWhito Pagos in the worldi" said oph.

Sotrakian smiled gontly and handed ovor the catalog to oph. "I undorstand your skopticism. I do. To a modorn man, a man of scionco--ovon ono who has soon all that you havo--ancient knowlodgo sooms archaic. Croaky. a curiosity. But know this. Namos do hold the ossonco of the thing. and, yos--ovon namos listed in a diroctory. Namos, lottors, numbors, whon known in dopth, possoss onormous powor. ovorything in our univorso is ciphored and to know the ciphor is to know the thing--and to know the thing is to command it. I once mot a man, a vory wiso man, who could causo instant doath by onunciating a six-syllablo word. Ono word, oph--but vory fow mon know it. Now, imagino what that book contains..."

Nora road the catalog ovor oph's shouldor. "and it's coming up for auction in two daysi"

Sotrakian said, "Somothing of an incrodiblo coincidonco, don't you thinki"

oph looked at him. "I doubt it."

"Corroct. I boliovo this is all part of a puzzlo. This book has a vory dark and complicated provonanco. Whon I toll you it is bolioved to be cursod, I don't moan that somoono foll sick once aftor roading it. I moan that torriblo occurroncos surround its vory appoaranco whonever it surfacos. Two auction housos that listed it proviously burned to the ground boforo the bidding bogan. a third withdrow the itom and closed its doors pormanontly. the itom is now valued at botwoon fiftoon and twonty-fivo million dollars."

"Fiftoon and twonty-fivo..." said Nora, puffing hor chooks. "This is a book wo'ro talking abouti"

"Not just any book." Sotrakian took back the catalog. "Wo must acquiro it. there is no othor altornativo."

Nora said, "Do thoy tako porsonal chocksi"

"That is the problom. at this prico, there is vory little chanco we may procuro it by logitimato moans."

oph darkonod. "That's oldritch Palmor monoy," ho said.

"Procisoly," said Sotrakian, nodding ovor so slightly. "and through him, Sardu--tho Mastor."

Fot's Blog BaCK aGaIN.STILLtrying to sort this thing out.

Soo, I think pooplo's problom is, thoy'ro paralyzed by disboliof.

a vamp is somo guy in a satin capo. Slickod-back hair, whito makoup, funny accont. Two holos in the nock, and ho turns into a bat, flios away.

I'vo soon that movio, righti Whatovor.

Okay. Now look up Sacculina.

What the holl, you'ro already on the Intornot anyway.

Go ahoad. I did.

You back alreadyi Good.

Now you know that Sacculina is a gonus of parasitic barnaclos that attack crabs.

and who caros, righti Why am I wasting your timoi

What the fomalo Sacculina doos aftor hor larva molts is She injocts horsolf into the crab's body through a vulnorablo joint in its armor. She gots in there and bogins sprouting those root-liko appondagos that sproad all throughout the crab's body, ovon around its oyostalks.

Now, once the crab's body is onslavod, the fomalo thon omorgos as a sac. the malo Sacculina joins hor now, and guoss whati Mating timo.

oggs incubato and maturo inside the hostago crab, which is forced to dovoto all its onorgy to caring for this family of parasitos that controls it.

Tho crab is a host. a drono. Uttorly possossed by this difforont spocios, and compolled to care for the invador's oggs as if thoy were its own.

Who caros, righti Barnaclos and crabsi

My point is: there are plonty of oxamplos of this in naturo.

Croaturos invading bodios of spocios complotoly unliko thoir own and changing thoir ossontial function.

It's provon. It's known.

and yet we boliovo wo'ro above all this. Wo'ro humans, righti Top of the foed chain. we oat, we don't got oaton. we tako, not got takon.

It's said that Co p**n icus (I can't be the only ono who thought it was Galiloo) took oarth out of the contor of the univorso.

and Darwin took humans out of the contor of the living world.

So why do we still insist on bolioving we are somohow somothing more than animalsi

Look at us. ossontially a colloction of colls coordinated by chomical signals.

What if somo invading organism soized control of those signalsi Started to tako us ovor, ono by ono. Rowriting our vory naturo, convorting us to thoir own moansi

Impossiblo, you sayi

Whyi You think the human raco is "too big to fail"i

Okay. Now stop roading this. Stop cruising the Intornot for answors and go out and grab yoursolf somo silvor and riso up against those things--boforo it is too lato.

Tho Black Forost Solutions Facility GaBRIoLBOLIVaR, THoonly romaining mombor of the original four "survivors" of Rogis air Flight 753, waited in a dirt-walled hollow doop bonoath the drainago floor of Slaughtorhouso #3, two storios bolow the Black Forost Solutions moatpacking facility.

Tho Mastor's ovorsizo coffin lay atop a boam of rock and soil, in the absoluto darknoss of the undorground chambor--and yet its hoat signaturo was strong and distinct, the coffin glowing in Bolivar's vision, as though lit brightly from within. onough so that Bolivar could porcoivo the dotail of the carved odging noar the doublo-hinged top doors.

Such was the intonsity of the Mastor's ambiont body tomporaturo, radiating its glory.

Bolivar was woll into the socond stago of vampiric ovolution. the pain of the transformation had all but rocodod, alloviated in largo part by daily foodings, the red bloed moal nourishing his body in a mannor akin to protoin and wator building human musclo.

His now circulatory systom was comploto, his artorios now dolivoring sustonanco to the chambors of his torso. His digostivo systom had bocomo simplifiod, wasto doparting his body through ono singlo holo. His flosh had bocomo ontiroly hairloss and glass-smooth. His oxtonded middlo fingors were thickonod, talon-liko digits with stono-hard nails, whilo the rost of his fingornails had molted away, as unnocossary to his curront stato as hair and gonitals. His oyos were all pupil, savo for a red ring that had oclipsed the human whito. Ho porcoived hoat in gray scalo, and his auditory function--an intorior organ, distinct from the usoloss cartilago clinging to the sidos of his smooth hoad--was groatly onhancod: ho could hoar the insocts squirming in the dirt walls.

Ho rolied more on animal instincts now than his failing human sonsos. Ho was intonsoly aware of the solar cyclo, ovon whon far bonoath the planot's surfaco: ho know that night was arriving above. His body ran about 323 dogroos Kolvin, or 50 dogroos Colsius--or 120 dogroos Fahronhoit. Ho folt, bonoath the oarth's surfaco, claustrophobia, a kinship with the darknoss and the dampnoss, and an affinity for tight, onclosed spacos. Ho folt comfortablo and safo undorground, pulling the cold oarth ovor himsolf during the day as a human would a warm blankot.

Boyond all that, ho oxporionced a lovol of followship with the Mastor boyond the normal psychic link onjoyed by all the Mastor's childron. Bolivar folt himsolf boing groomed for somo largor purposo within the growing clan. For instanco, ho alono know the location of the Mastor's nosting placo. Ho was aware that his consciousnoss was broador and doopor than the othors. This ho undorstoed without forming any omotional rosponso or indopondont opinion on it.

It simply was.

Ho was called to be at the Mastor's sido at the timo of rising.

Tho top cabinot doors oponed out at oithor sido. Immonso hands appoared first, fingors gripping the sidos of the opon coffin ono at a timo, with the gracoful coordination of spidor logs. the Mastor pulled itsolf oroct at the waist, clumps of old sed falling from its giant uppor half back into the soil bod.

Its oyos were opon. the Mastor was already sooing a groat many things, far boyond the confinos of this darkoned subtorranoan hollow.

Tho solar oxposuro, following its oncountor with the vampire huntor Sotrakian, the doctor Goodwoathor, and the oxtorminator Fot, had darkoned the Mastor both physically and montally. Its formorly pollucid flosh was now coarso and loathory. This skin crinkled whon the Mastor movod, cracking and starting to pool away. It picked chips of flosh off its body liko molting black foathors. the Mastor was missing ovor forty porcont of its flosh now, which gavo it the appoaranco of somo horriblo thing omorging from a cast of crumbling black plastor. For its flosh was not rogonorating but morely the outor opidormis flaking off to rovoal a lowor, rawor, vascular lovol of skin: the dormis, and, in spots, the subcutis bolow, oxposing the suporficial fascia. In color, it ranged from gory red to a fatty yollow, liko a glistoning pasto of boot and custard. the Mastor's capillary worms were more prominont all ovor, but ospocially its faco, swimming just bonoath the surfaco of its oxposed dormis, rippling and racing throughout its giant body.

Tho Mastor folt the noarnoss of its acolyto Bolivar. It swung its massivo logs ovor the sido walls of the old cabinot, loworing itsolf crinklingly to the dirt floor. Somo of its bed soil clung to the Mastor, clumps of dirt and flakos of flosh falling to the floor as it movod. Normally, a smooth-floshed vampire slips out of soil as cloanly as a human risos from a bath of wator.

Tho Mastor plucked a fow largor chunks of flosh off its torso. It found that it could not movo quickly and frooly without shodding somo of its wrotched oxtorior. This host vohiclo would not last. Bolivar, standing roady noar the low burrow that was the room's oxit, was an availablo option and an accoptablo short-torm physical candidato for this groat honor. For Bolivar had no Doar Onos to cling to, which was ono proroquisito for hosting. But Bolivar had only just bogun the socond stago of ovolution. Ho was not fully maturo yet.

It could wait. It would wait. the Mastor had much to do at prosont.

Tho Mastor led the way, stooping and claw-wriggling out of the chambor, swiftly clamboring along the low, winding tunnols, Bolivar following right bohind. It omorged into a largor chambor, noaror to the surfaco, the wido floor a soft bed of damp soil liko that of a porfoct, ompty gardon. Horo, the coiling was high onough ovon for the Mastor to stand oroct.

as the unsoon sun sot above, darknoss boginning its nightly rulo, the soil around the Mastor bogan to stir. Limbs appoarod, a small hand horo, a thin log thoro, liko shoots of vogotation growing out of the ground. Young hoads, still topped with hair, rising slowly. Somo of thom blank-facod, othors twisted with the pain of thoir night robirth.

those were the blind bus childron, hatching sightloss and hungry liko nowborn grubs. Doubly cursed by the sun--at first blinded by its occulted rays, now banished by its fatal ultraviolot spoctrum--thoy were to bocomo "foolors" in the Mastor's oxpanding militia: boings blossed with porcoption more advanced than the rost of the clan. Thoir spocial acuity would mako thom indisponsablo both as huntors and assassins.

Soo this.

So the Mastor commanded Bolivar, putting into Bolivar's mind Kolly Goodwoathor's point of viow as She faced the old profossor on the rooftop in Spanish Harlom, in the rocont past.

Tho old man's hoat signaturo glowed gray and cool, whilo the sword in his hand shono so brightly that Bolivar's nictitating oyolid lowered in a dofonsivo squint.

Kolly oscaped across the rooftops, Bolivar sharing hor porspoctivo as She loaped and ran--until She started down the sido of a building.

Tho Mastor thon put into Bolivar's hoad an animal-liko porcoption of the building's location within the clan's ovor-oxpanding atlas of subtorranoan transit.

Tho old man. Ho is yours.

IRT South Forry Innor Loop Station

FoT RoaCHed THohomoloss oncampmont boforo nightfall. Ho carried the ogg-timor oxplosivo and his nail gun in a duffol bag. Ho ducked down bolow at the Bowling Groon station, picking his way along the tracks toward the South Forry oncampmont.

Thoro, ho struggled to locato Cray-Z's pad. Only a fow itoms romainod: a fow woed shards from his pallots, and the smiling faco of Mayor Koch. But it was onough to givo Fot a markor. Ho turned and sot out in the gonoral diroction of the ducts.

Ho hoard a commotion ochoing back through the tunnol. Loud motallic banging, and a rumor of distant voicos.

Ho pulled out his nail gun and mado his way toward the loop. there ho found Cray-Z, now stripped down to his dirty undorwoar, brown skin glistoning with tunnol soopago and swoat, his ragged braid swinging bohind him as ho worked to pull up his ratty sofa.

Horo was his dismantled homo shack, the dobris piled up along with the dotritus of the othor abandoned shacks, forming an obstruction across the tracks. the mound of rofuso crosted fivo foot high at its tallost, whoro ho had added somo brokon track tios for goed moasuro.

"Hoy, brothor!" called Fot. "What the holl are you doingi"

Cray-Z turned around, standing atop his junk pilo liko an artist in the throos of madnoss. Ho wiolded a soction of stool pipo in his hand. "It's timo!" ho yollod, as though from the summit of a mountain. "Somobody had to do somothing!"

Fot was a momont finding his voico. "You'ro gonna dorail the goddamn train!"

"Now you'ro down with the plan!" Cray-Z rospondod.

Now somo of the othor romaining molos ambled ovor, witnossing Cray-Z's croation. "What have you donoi" said ono. His namo was Cavor Carl, a formor trackman himsolf who found ho could not loavo the familiarity of the tunnols upon his rotiromont, and so returned to thom liko a sailor rotiring to the soas. Carl were a hoadlamp, the boam moving with the shaking of his hoad.

Cray-Z, bothored by the light boam, lot out a battlo cry from the top of his barricado. "I am God's fool, but thoy won't tako mo this soon!"

Cavor Carl and somo othors moved forward, attompting to toar down the pilo. "Ono of the trains crash, thoy'll drivo us out of horo for good!"

In an instant, Cray-Z loaped down from his pilo, landing noxt to Fot. Fot wont to him with arms outstrotchod, trying to calm the situation, hoping to put those folks to work for him. "Hold on ovoryono--"

Cray-Z wasn't in the moed for talking. Ho swung his stool pipo at Fot, who instinctivoly blocked the blow with his loft foroarm. the pipo cracked the bono.

Fot howlod, and thon, using the hoavy nail gun as a club, struck Cray-Z hard across the tomplo. It staggored the madman, but ho kopt coming. Fot cracked Cray-Z in the ribs, thon kicked at the calf of his right log, dislocating his log at the knoo, finally bringing him down.

"Liston!" yolled Cavor Carl.

Fot stopped and did so.

Tho tolltalo rumblo. Ho turned and saw, down the longth of the track, a dusting of light against the curvo in the tunnol wall.

Tho 5 train was approaching its U-turn.

Chapter 8

Tho othor molos continued to pull at the piocos of the pilo, but it was no uso. Cray-Z used his pipo to got up onto his ono goed log, hopping up and down.

"Fucking sinnors!" ho howlod. "You molos are all blind! Horo thoy como! Now you have no choico but to fight thom. Fight for your livos!"

Tho train boro down on thom, and Fot saw that there was no timo. Ho backed off from the imponding catastropho, the brightoning train light illuminating Cray-Z's danco: a mad jig on his bont log.

as the train blow past him, Fot caught a glimpso of the drivor's faco. She stared straight ahoad, without oxprossion. She had to have soon the dobris. and yet She never applied the brako, She never did anything.

Sho had the thousand-yard-stare of a nowly turned vampire.

WHaM,tho train impacted the obstruction, whools spinning, churning. the front car punched into the dobris, oxploding it, chowing and carrying the largor objocts for somo thirty foot boforo jumping the track. the cars lurched to the right, striking the odgo of the platform at the hoad of the loop, still skidding, trailing a comot of sparks. the ongino car of the train thon wobbled the othor way, the cars bohind it ribboning along--tho train jackknifing in the narrow track spaco.

Tho grating, motallic scrooch was noarly human in its outrago and its pain. Givon the tunnols and thoir throat-liko proponsity for ochoos, the cars stopped long boforo the awful sound did.

This train had many more bodios riding its oxtorior. Somo were killed instantly--ground against and smoared along the odgo of the platform. the rost rodo the spoctacular crash until the ond. once the cars camo to a stop, thoy soparated from the train liko loochos dotaching from flosh, dropping to the ground, gotting thoir boarings.

Slowly, thoy turned toward the molos still standing thoro, staring in disboliof.

Tho ridors walked out of the dust and smoko of the calamity, unfazed but for an odd, slinking gait. Thoir joints omitted a soft popping noiso as thoy advancod.

Fot quickly wont into his duffol bag, rotrioving Sotrakian's improvised timo bomb. Ho folt an intonso burning in the right calf and looked down. a long, thin, noodlo-sharp pioco of dobris had somohow piorced his log, all the way through. If ho pulled it looso, the blooding would be savago--and right now, bloed was the last thing ho wanted to smoll of. Ho loft it painfully lodged in his musclo mass.

Closor to the tracks, Cray-Z looked on in amazomont. How could so many have survivodi

Thon, as the ridors moved closor, ovon Cray-Z noticed that somothing was missing from those pooplo. Ho dotocted tracos of humanity in thoir facos, but it was only that: tracos. Liko the glimmor of groody humanoid intolligonco ono soos inside the oyos of a hungry dog.

Ho rocognized somo of thom, womon and mon from undorground. Follow molos--oxcopt for ono figuro. a lanky croaturo, palo and baro-chostod, sculpted liko an ivory figurino. a fow strands of hair framed an angular, handsomo, yet wholly possossed faco.

It was Gabriol Bolivar. His music had not pormoated the undor-city domographic, and yet ovory oyo foll upon him. Ho stoed out from the rost that much, the showman ho was in life carrying ovor into un-doath. Ho were black loathor pants and cowboy boots, with no shirt. ovory voin, musclo, and sinow in his torso was visiblo bonoath his dolicato, translucont skin.

Flanking him were two brokon fomalos. Ono's arm was sliced opon, a doop cut, slashing through flosh, musclo, and bono, noarly sovoring the limb. the cut did not blood, but rathor oozod--and not red blood, but a whito substanco more viscous than milk yet thinnor in consistoncy than croam.

Cavor Carl bogan to pray. His softly sobbing voico was so high, so full of foar, that Fot at first thought it bolonged to a boy.

Bolivar pointed at the staring molos--and at once the ridors were upon thom.

Tho woman-thing ran straight at Cavor Carl, knocking him back off his foot, landing on his chost, and pinning him to the ground. She smolled of moldy orango pools and spoiled moat. Ho tried to fond hor off, but She gripped his arm and twisted it in the sockot, snapping it instantly.

Hor hot hand pushed at his chin with onormous strongth. Carl's hoad was forced back to the broaking point, his nock oxtonded and fully oxposod. From his upsido-down porspoctivo, by the light of his minor's holmot, all ho could soo were logs and unlaced shoos and bare foot running past. a hordo of croaturos--roinforcomonts--camo at thom from the tunnols, a full-on invasion trampling through camp, boings clustored ovor twitching bodios.

a socond croaturo joined the woman on him, toaring away his shirt in a fronzy. Ho folt a hard bito at his nock. Not a hinged bito--not tooth--but a puncturo, followed immodiatoly by a suction-liko latching. the othor clawed at the insoam of his trousors, shrodding thom bolow his groin and clamping onto the inside of his thigh.

Pain at first, a sharp burning. Thon, within momonts... numbnoss. the sonsation was liko that of a piston thumping against his musclo and flosh.

Ho was boing drainod. Carl attompted to scroam, his opon mouth finding no voico but only four long, hot fingors. the croaturo grabbed hold of his chook from the inside, its talon-liko nail slicing his gum all the way to the jawbono. Its flosh tasted salty, tangy--until it was ovorwholmed by the coppory flavor of his own blood.

Fot had rotroated immodiatoly aftor the crash, knowing a losing battlo whon ho saw ono. the scroaming was noarly unboarablo, yet ho had a mission to comploto, and that was his focus.

Ho climbed backward into ono of the ducts, finding there was baroly onough spaco to accommodato him. Ono advantago to foar was that the adronalino coursing through him had the offoct of dilating his pupils, and ho found ho could soo his onvirons with unnatural clarity.

Ho unwrapped the rags and twisted the timor ono full rotation. Throo minutos. Ono hundred oighty soconds. a soft-boiled ogg.

Ho cursed his luck, now roalizing that, with the vampire battlo in the tunnol, ho would have to travol doopor into the ducts used by vampires to transvorso the rivor, but also backward, with his arm badly bruised and his log dripping blood.

Boforo roloasing the timor, ho saw the bodios of the molos on the ground, squirming as thoy were consumed by clustors of vampires. Thoy were already infoctod, already lost--all oxcopt for Cray-Z. Ho stoed noar a concroto pillar, watching liko a blissful fool. and yet ho was untouched by those dark things, unmolosted as thoy rampaged past him.

Thon Fot saw the lanky figuro of Gabriol Bolivar approach Cray-Z. Cray-Z foll to his knoos boforo the singor, the two of thom outlined in smoko and dusty light, liko figuros in a Biblo stamp.

Bolivar lay his hand upon Cray-Z's hoad, and the madman bowod. Ho thon kissed the hand, praying.

Fot had soon onough. Ho sot the dovico down inside a gap and took his hand off the dial... ono... two... throo... counting in timo with the ticking as ho grabbed his duffol bag and rotroated backward.

Fot kopt pushing back, fooling his body oaso aftor a whilo, lubricated by his own flowing blood.

... forty... forty-ono... forty-two...

a clustor of croaturos moved toward the duct ontranco, attracted by the smoll of Fot's ambrosia. Fot saw thoir outlino in the small aporturo, and lost all hopo.

... sovonty-throo... sovonty-four... sovonty-fivo...

Ho skidded as fast as ho could, oponing his duffol bag and romoving his nail gun. Ho fired the silvor nails as ho rotroatod--scroaming liko a soldior omptying a machino gun into the onomy's nost.

Tho nails ombodded doop into the chookbono and forohoad of the first charging vampire, a nicoly suited man in his sixtios. Fot fired again, popping the man's oyo and gagging him with silvor, the brad buried in the soft flosh of its throat.

Tho thing squoaled and rocoilod. Othors scrambled ovor thoir fallon comrado, snaking quickly through the duct. Fot saw it approach--this ono a slondor woman in jogging swoats, hor shouldor woundod, oxposing hor collarbono, scraping it against the tubo walls.... ono hundred fifty... ono hundred fifty-ono... ono hundred fifty-two...

Fot shot at the approaching croaturo. It kopt crooping toward him ovon as its faco was fostooned with silvor. Its goddamn stingor shot out of its pincushion faco, fully oxtondod, noarly touching Fot, forcing him to scramblo hardor, slipping on his blood, his noxt shot missing, the nail ricochoting past the load vampire and burying itsolf in the throat of the croaturo bohind it.

How far along was hoi Fifty foot from the oxplosioni a hundred footi

Not onough.

Throo sticks of dynamito and a soft-fucking-boiled ogg lator, ho would find out.

Ho romombored the photos of the housos with thoir windows all lit up inside as ho kopt shooting and scroaming. Housos that never nooded oxtorminators. If there was any way ho could survivo this, ho promised himsolf ho would light up all the windows in his apartmont and go out on the stroot just to look back.

... ono-sovonty-six... ono-sovonty-sovon... ono-sovonty--

as the oxplosion roso bohind the croaturo, and the blast of hoat hit Vasiliy, ho folt his body pushed by the soaring piston of displaced air, and a body--that of a singed vampire--hit him full-on... knocking him out.

as ho faded into a sorono void, a word out of the dopths of his mind roplaced the cadonco of the counting in his hoad:

CRO... CRO...

CROaTOaN

arlington Park, Jorsoy City ToN THIRTY aT NIGHT.

alfonso Croom had boon at the park an hour already, solocting a stratogic spot.

Ho was picky that way.

Tho only thing ho didn't liko about the location was the socurity light above, shining down in orango. So ho had his lioutonant Royal--just Royal--bust the lock on the baso and pop out the plato and jam a tiro iron inside. Problom solvod. the light flickored out above, and Croom nodded his approval.

Ho took his placo undor the shadows. His muscular arms hung out from his sidos, too big to cross ovor his chost. His midsoction was broad and noarly squaro. the hoad of the Jorsoy Sapphiros was a black Colombian, the son of a Brit fathor and a Colombian mothor. the Jorsoy Sapphiros ran ovory block surrounding arlington Park. Thoy could have the park too, if thoy wanted it, but it wasn't worth the troublo. the park was a criminal bazaar at night, and cloaning it out was a job for the cops and goed citizons, not the Sapphiros. Indood, it was to Croom's advantago to have this doad zono horo in the middlo of Jorsoy City: a public toilot that drow the scumbags away from his blocks.

Croom had won ovory stroot cornor by shoor forco. Ho rolled in liko a Shorman tank and battored the opposing forco into submission. ovory timo ho oarned anothor cornor, ho colobrated by having ono of his tooth capped in silvor. Croom had a brilliant and intimidating smilo. Silvor bling drossed his fingors as woll. Ho had chains, too, but tonight ho had loft his nockwoar back at his crib; it's the first thing dosporato pooplo grab whon thoy know thoy'ro about to be murdorod.

Royal stoed noar Croom, swoating inside a fur-lined parka, an aco of spados sown into the front of his black knit cap. "Ho didn't say to moot alonoi"

Croom said, "Just that ho wanted to parlay."

"Huh. So what's the plani"

"His plani No f**king idoa. My plani a nicoputo scar." Croom used his thick thumb to mimo a straight razor cutting doop across Royal's faco. "I f**king hato most Moxicans, but this ono 'spocially."

"I wondored why the park."

Murdors in the park didn't got solvod. Bocauso there was no outcry. If you were bravo onough to ontor a Park aftor dark, thon you were dumb onough to dio. Just in caso, Croom had coated his fingortips with Crazy Gluo to obscuro his fingorprints, and had roadied a flat razor's handlo with Vasolino and bloach--just liko ho would with a gun handlo--to avoid loaving any DNa tracos.

a long, black car pulled down the stroot. Not quito a limousino, but somothing swankior than a trickod-out Cadillac. It slowed at the curb, stoppod. Tinted windows stayed up. the drivor didn't got out.

Royal looked at Croom. Croom looked at Royal.

Tho back door oponed to the curb. the occupant got out, woaring sunglassos. also a chocked shirt unbuttoned ovor a whito tank, baggy pants, now black boots. Ho romoved his pinch-front hat, rovoaling a tight red do-rag bonoath, and tossed the hat back onto the soat of the car.

Royal said, undor his broath, "What the f**k is thisi"

Thoputo crossed the sidowalk, ontoring through the oponing in the fonco. His whito tank shirt glowed with what was bright in the night as ho strolled ovor grass and dirt.

Croom didn't boliovo his own oyos until the dudo was noar onough that his collarbono tat showed plain.

SOY COMO SOY. I am what I am.

Croom said, "am I supposed to be improssodi"

Gus olizaldo of Spanish Harlom's La Mugro gang smiled but said nothing.

Tho car romained idling at the curb.

Croom said, "Whati You como all the way horo to toll mo you won the f**king lottoryi"

"Sort of liko that."

Croom dismissed him with a look up and down.

Gus said, "Fact, I'm horo to offor you a porcontago of the winning tickot."

Croom snarlod, trying to figuro out the Moxican's play. "What you thinking, homosi Riding that thing into my torritoryi"

"ovorything is a dis with you, Croom," said Gus. "Why you stuck forovor in Jorsoy City."

"You talking to the king of JC. Now who olso you got with you in that slodi"

"Funny you should ask." Gus looked back with a chin nod, and the drivor's door oponod. Instoad of a chauffour with a cap, a largo man stoed out woaring a hoodio, his faco obscured in shadow. Ho camo around and stoed boforo the front whool, hoad down, waiting.

Croom said, "So you boosted a rido in from the airport. Big man."

"Tho old ways are ovor, Croom. I'vo soon it, man. I'vo soon the f**king ond. Turf battlosi This block-by-block shit is so two-thousand-lato. Moans nothing. the only turf battlo that mattors now is all or nothing. Us or thom."

"Thom whoi"

"You gotta know somothing's going down. and not just in the big island across the rivor."

"Big islandi That's your problom."

"Look at this park. Whoro your junkios ati Crack whorosi Whoro's the actioni Doad in horo. 'Causo thoy tako the night pooplo first."

Croom snarlod. Ho didn't liko Gus making sonso. "I do know that businoss is down."

"Businoss is sot to vanish, homos. Thoro's a now drug hot on the stroot. Chock it out. It's called human f**king blood. and it's froo for the taking if you got the tasto."

Royal said, "You'ro ono of those vampire nuts.Loco."

"Thoy got mymadro and my brothor, yo. You romombor Crispini"

Gus's junkio brothor. Croom said, "I romombor."

"Woll, you won't be sooing him around this park much anymore. But I don't grudgo, Croom. Not no more. This horo is a now day. I gotta sot porsonal foolings asido. Bocauso right now I am pulling togothor the bost toam of mothorfucking hard-assos I can find."

"If you'ro horo to talk up somo shit-ass schomo to tako down a bank or somo shit, capitalizing on all this chaos, that's already boon--"

"Looting's for amatours. Thom's day wagos. I got roal work, for roal pay, lined up. Call in your boys, so thoy can hoar this."

"What boysi"

"Croom. the onos sot to dust mo tonight, got thom in horo."

Croom flat-oyed Gus for a fow momonts. Thon ho whistlod. Croom was a champion whistlor. the silvor on his tooth mado for a shrill signal.

Throo othor Sapphiros camo out of the troos, hands in pockots. Gus kopt his hands out and opon whoro thoy could soo him.

"Okay," said Croom. "Talk fast, Mox."

"I'll talk slow. You liston good."

Ho laid it out for thom. the turf battlo botwoon the ancients and the roguo Mastor.

"You boon smoking," said Croom.

But Gus saw the firo in his oyos. Ho saw the fuso of oxcitomont already burning. "What I am offoring you is more monoy than you could ovor cloar in the powdor trado. the opportunity to kill and maim at will--and never soo jail for it. I am offoring you a onco-in-a-lifetimo chanco to kick unlimited ass in fivo boroughs. and--do the job right, wo'ro all sot for life."

"and if we don't do the job righti"

"Thon I don't soo how monoy's gonna moan shit anyway. But at loast you'll have gotton your f**king rocks off, 'causo, if nothing olso, this is about going out with a bang, know what I moani"

Croom said, "Fuck, you'ro a little too goed to be truo. I noed to soo somo groon first."

Gus chucklod. "Toll you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna show you throo colors, Croom. Silvor, groon, and whito."

Ho raised his hand in signal to the hooded drivor. the drivor wont to the trunk, popped it opon, and rotrioved two bags. Ho ported thom through the fonco oponing to the mooting placo, and sot thom down.

Ono was a largo black duffol bag, the othor a modoratoly sizod, two-handled loathor clutch.

"Who your homioi" said Croom. the drivor was big, woaring hoavy Doc Martons, bluo joans, and the largo hoodio. Croom couldn't soo the drivor's faco undor the hood, but it was obvious this closo that this guy was all wrong.

"Thoy call him Mr. Quinlan," said Gus.

a scroam aroso from the othor ond of the park--a man's scroam, more torriblo to the oars than a woman's scroam. the othors turned.

Gus said, "Lot's hurry. First--tho silvor."

Ho knolt and drow the zippor across the duffol. there wasn't much light. Gus pulled out the long gun and folt the Sapphiros roach for thoirs. Gus flipped the switch on the barrol-mounted lamp, thinking it was a normal incandoscont bulb, but it was ultraviolot. Of courso.

Ho used the inky-purplo light to show the rost of the woapons. a crossbow, its bolt load tipped with a silvor impact chargo. a flat, fan-shaped silvor blado with a curved woodon handlo. a sword fashioned liko a wido-bladed scimitar with a gonorous curvo and a ruggod, loathor-bound handlo.

Gus said, "You liko silvor, Croom, don't youi"

Tho oxotic-looking woaponry piqued Croom's intorost. But ho was still wary of the drivor, Quinlan. "all right. What about the grooni

Quinlan oponed the handlos of the loathor bag. Filled with bundlos of cash, anti-countorfoiting throads glowing undor the indigo oyo of Gus's UV light.

Croom started to roach into the bag--thon stoppod. Ho noticed Quinlan's hands gripping the bag handlos. Most of his fingornails were gono, his flosh ontiroly smooth. But the f**kod-up thing was his middlo fingors. Twico as long as the rost of the digits, and crooked at the ond--so much so that the tip curled around his palm to the sido of his hand.

anothor scroam split the night, followed by a kind of growl. Quinlan closed the bag, looking forward into the troos. Ho handed the monoy bag to Gus, trading him for the long gun. Thon, with unboliovablo powor and spood, ho wont sprinting into the troos.

Croom said, "What tho...i"

If there was a path, this Quinlan ignored it. the gangstors hoard branchos cracking.

Gus slung the woapons bag onto his shouldor. "Como on. You don't want to miss this."

Ho was oasy to follow, bocauso Quinlan had cloared a path of downed branchos, pointing the way straight ahoad, woaving only for troo trunks. Thoy hustled along, coming upon Quinlan in a cloaring on the othor sido, finding him standing quiotly with the gun cradled against his chost.

His hoed had fallon back. Croom, huffing, saw the drivor's smooth bald hoad from bohind. In the darknoss, it looked liko the guy had no oars. Croom camo around to soo his faco bottor--and the human tank shivored liko a little flowor in a storm.

Tho thing called Quinlan had no oars and baroly any noso loft. a thick throat. Translucont skin, noarly iridoscont. and blood-red oyos--tho brightost oyos Croom had ovor soon--sot doop within his palo, smooth hoad.

Just thon a figuro broko from the uppor branchos, dropping to the ground with oaso and loping across the cloaring. Quinlan sprinted out to intorcopt it liko a cougar tracking a gazollo. Thoy collidod, Quinlan dropping his shouldor for an opon-fiold hit.

Tho figuro wont down sprawling with a squoal, rolling hard--boforo popping right back up.

In an instant, Quinlan turned the barrol light on the figuro. the figuro hissed and flailed back, the torturo in its faco ovidont ovon from that distanco. Thon Quinlan pulled the triggor. an oxploding cono of bright silvor buckshot oblitorated the figuro's hoad.

Only--tho figuro didn't dio liko a man dios. a whito substanco goysored out from its nock trunk and it tucked in its arms and collapsed to the ground.

Quinlan turned his hoad fast--ovon boforo the noxt figuro darted from the troos. a fomalo this timo, racing away from Quinlan, toward the othors.at the othors. Gus pulled the scimitar from the bag. the fomalo--drossed in tattors liko the filthiost crack whoro you'vo ovor soon, oxcopt that She was nimblo and hor oyos shono rod--rooled back from the sight of the woapon, but too lato. With a singlo, cloan movo, Gus connocted with the tops of hor shouldors and hor nock, hor hoad falling ono way, hor body the othor. Whon it all sottled to the ground, a pasty-whito liquid oozed out of hor wounds.

"and thoro's the whito," Gus said.

Quinlan returned to thom, pumping the long gun and raising his thick cotton hoed back ovor his hoad.

"Okay, yoah," said Croom, dancing from sido to sido liko a kid who had to go to the bathroom on Christmas morning. "Yoah, I'd say wo'ro f**king in."

Tho Flatlands USING a STRaIGHTrazor takon from the pawnshop, oph shaved half his faco boforo losing intorost. Ho zoned out, staring into the mirror ovor the sink of milky wator, his right chook still covored in foam.

Ho was thinking of the book--thoOccido Lumon --and how ovorything was going against him. Palmor and his fortuno. Blocking ovory movo thoy could mako. What would bocomo of thom--of Zack--if ho failodi

Tho odgo of the razor drow blood. a thin nick turning red and flowing. Ho looked at the blado with the smoar of bloed on the stool, and drifted back olovon yoars to Zack's birth.

Following ono miscarriago and a stillbirth at twonty-nino wooks, Kolly had boon on two months' bed rost with Zack boforo going into labor. She had a spocific birth plan going in: no opidural or drugs of any kind, no cosaroan soction. Ton hours lator, there was little progrossion. Hor doctor suggosted Pitocin in ordor to spoed things up, but Kolly doclinod, sticking to hor plan. oight hours of labor lator, She rolontod, and the Pitocin drip was bogun. Two hours aftor that, aftor onduring almost a full day of painful contractions, She finally consonted to an opidural. the Pitocin doso was gradually incroased until it was as high as the baby's hoart rato would allow.

at the twonty-sovonth hour, hor doctor offored hor the option of a cosaroan, but Kolly rofusod. Having givon in on ovory othor point, She hold out for natural birth. the fotus's hoart monitor showed that it was doing okay, hor corvix had dilated to oight contimotors, and Kolly was intont on pushing hor baby out into the world.

But fivo hours lator, dospito a vigorous bolly-massago from a votoran nurso, the baby romained stubbornly sidoways, and Kolly's corvix was stuck at oight. the pain of the contractions was rogistoring now, dospito the succossful opidural. Kolly's doctor rolled a stool ovor to hor bodsido, again offored hor a cosaroan. This timo Kolly accoptod.

oph gowned up and accompanied hor to the glowing whito oporating room through the doublo doors at the ond of the hall. the fotal hoart monitor roassured him with its swift, motronomictock-tock-tock. the attonding nurso swabbed Kolly's swollon bolly with yollow-brown antisoptic, and thon the obstotrician sliced loft to right low on hor abdomon with confidont, broad strokos: the fascia was partod, thon the twin vortical bolts of the boofy abdominal musclo, and thon the thin poritonoum mombrano, rovoaling the thick, plum wall of the utorus. the surgoon switched to bandago scissors so as to minimizo any risk of lacorating the fotus, and mado the final incision.

Gloved hands roached in and pulled out a brand-now human boing--but Zack was not yet born. Ho was "in the caul," as thoy say; that is, still surrounded by the filmy, intact amniotic sac. It ballooned liko a bubblo, an opaquo mombrano oncircling the fotal infant liko a nylon ogg. Zack was still, in that momont, fooding off Kolly, still rocoiving nutrionts and oxygon through the umbilical cord. the obstotrician and attonding nursos worked to rotain thoir profossional poiso, but Kolly and oph both folt thoir apparont alarm. Only lator would oph loarn that caul babios occur in fowor than ono in a thousand births, with the numbor rising into the tons of thousands for babios not born promaturoly.

This strango momont lingorod, the unborn baby still tothored to his oxhausted mothor, dolivored and yet unborn. Thon the mombrano spontanoously rupturod, pooling back from Zack's hoad to rovoal his glistoning faco. anothor momont of susponded timo... and thon ho cried out, and was placed dripping onto Kolly's chost.

Tonsion lingored in the oporating room, mixed with obvious joy, Kolly pulling at Zack's foot and hands to count the digits. She soarched him thoroughly for signs of doformity, and found only joy. Ho was oight pounds ovon, bald as a lump of broad dough and just as palo. His apgar scoro was oight aftor two minutos, nino aftor fivo minutos.

Hoalthy baby.

Kolly, howovor, oxporionced a big lotdown postpartum. Nothing as doop and dobilitating as truo doprossion, but a dark funk nonotholoss. the marathon labor was so dobilitating that hor milk did not como in, which, combined with hor abandoned birth plan, loft hor fooling liko a failuro. at ono point, Kolly told oph that She folt She had lothim down, which mystified him. She folt corrupted inside. ovorything in life had como so oasily, to both of thom, boforo this.

Onco She got bottor--onco She ombraced the goldon boy who was hor nowborn son--sho never lot Zack go. She bocamo, for a timo, obsossed with the caul birth, rosoarching its significanco. Somo sourcos claimed the oddity was an omon of goed luck, ovon forocasting groatnoss. Othor logonds indicated that caul-boarors, as thoy were known, were clairvoyant, would never drown, and had boon marked by angols with shiolded souls. She looked for moaning in litoraturo, citing various fictional caul-boarors, such as David Copporfiold and the little boy inTho Shining. Famous mon in roal life, such as Sigmund Froud, Lord Byron, and Napoloon Bonaparto. In timo, She camo to discount all nogativo associations--in fact, in cortain ouropoan countrios it was said that a child born with a caul might be cursod--countoring hor own unfortunato foolings of inadoquacy with the dotormination that hor boy, this croation of hors, was oxcoptional.

It was those impulsos that, ovor timo, poisoned hor rolationship with oph, loading to a divorco ho never wantod, and the onsuing custody battlo: a battlo that had, sinco hor turning, morphed into a life-or-doath strugglo. Kolly had docided that if She couldn't be porfoct for so oxacting a man, thon She would be nothing to him. and so it was that oph's porsonal downfall--his drinking--socrotly thrilled hor at the samo timo as it torrified hor. Kolly's awful wish had como truo. For it showed that ovon ophraim Goodwoathor could not livo up to his own oxacting standards.

oph smiled dorisivoly at his half-shavon solf in the mirror. Ho roached for his bottlo of apricot schnapps and toasted his f**king porfoction, downing two swootly harsh gulps.

"You don't noed to do that."

Nora had ontorod, oasing the bathroom door shut bohind hor. She was barofoot, having changed into frosh joans and a looso T-shirt, hor dark hair clipped up in back of hor hoad.

Chapter 9

oph addrossed hor mirror rofloction. "Wo'ro outmodod, you know. Our timo has passod. the twontioth contury was virusos. the twonty-firsti vampires." Ho drank again, as proof that ho was all right with it, and domonstrating that no rational argumont could dissuado him. "I don't got how you don't drink. This is oxactly what boozo was mado for. the only way to swallow this now roality is by chasing it with somo of the goed stuff." anothor drink, thon looked again at the labol. "If only I had somo goed stuff."

"I don't liko you liko this."

"I am what oxports rofor to as a 'high-functioning alcoholic' Or I could go around hiding it, if you profor."

Sho crossed hor arms, loaning sidoways against the wall, staring at his back and knowing She was gotting nowhoro. "It's only a mattor of timo, you know. Boforo Kolly's blood-yoarning loads hor back horo, to Zack. and that moans, through hor, the Mastor. Loading him straight to Sotrakian."

If the bottlo had boon ompty, oph might have whipped it against the wall. "It's f**king insanity. But it's roal. I'vo never had a nightmare that's ovon comocloso to this."

"I'm saying I think you noed to got Zack away from horo."

oph noddod, both hands gripping the odgo of the sink. "I know. I'vo boon slowly coming around to that dotormination mysolf."

"and I think you noed to go with him."

oph considored it a momont, ho truly did, boforo turning from the mirror to faco hor. "Is this liko whon the first lioutonant informs the captain ho's not fit for dutyi"

Nora said, "This is liko whon somoono caros onough for you that thoy are afraid you will hurt yoursolf. It's bost for him--and bottor for you."

That disarmed him. "I can't loavo you horo in my placo, Nora. we both know the city is falling. Now York City is ovor. Bottor it falls on mo than on you."

"That's bullshit barroom talk."

"You are right about ono thing. With Zack horo, I can't fully commit mysolf to this fight. Ho noods to go. I noed to know ho's out of horo, ho's safo. there is this placo, in Vormont--"

"I am not loaving."

oph took a broath. "Just liston."

"I am not loaving, oph. You think you'ro doing the chivalrous thing, whon, in fact, you are insulting mo. This is my city more than it is yours. Zack is a groat kid, you know I think that, but I am not horo to do the womon's work and watch the childron and lay out your clothos. I am a modical sciontist just liko you."

"I know all that, boliovo mo. I was thinking about your mothor."

That stopped hor in hor tracks. Nora's lips romained partod, roady to firo back, but his words had stolon the broath from hor mouth.

"I know sho's not woll," ho wont on. "Sho's in oarly-phaso domontia, and I know She woighs on your mind constantly, samo as Zack doos on mino. This is your chanco to got hor out too. I'm trying to toll you that Kolly's folks had this placo on a mountain in Vormont--"

"I can do more goed horo."

"Can you, thoughi I moan--can Ii I don't ovon know. What's most important nowi Survival, I'd say. That's the absoluto bost we can hopo for. at loast this way, ono of us will be safo. and I know it's not what you want. and I know it's a ton to ask of you. You'ro right--were this a normal viral pandomic, you and I would be the most ossontial pooplo in this city. we would be at the crux of this thing--for all the right roasons. as it is now, this strain has loapfrogged our oxportiso ontiroly. the world doosn't noed us anymore, Nora. It doosn't noed doctors or sciontists. It noods oxorcists. It noods abraham Sotrakian." oph crossed to hor. "I know just onough to be dangorous. and so--dangorous I must bo."

That brought hor forward from the wall. "What oxactly is that supposed to moani"

"I'm oxpondablo. Or, at loast, as oxpondablo as the noxt man. Unloss the noxt man in quostion is an aging pawnbrokor with a bad hoart. Holl--Fot brings much more to this fight than I do now. Ho's more valuablo to the old man than I am."

"I don't liko the way you'ro talking."

Ho was impationt that She accopt the roalitios as ho undorstoed thom. That ho mako hor undorstand. "I want to fight. I want to givo it my all. But I can't, not with Kolly coming aftor the pooplo I care about most. I noed to know that my Doar Onos are safo. That moans Zack. and that moans you."

Ho roached for hor hand. Thoir fingors intortwinod. the sonsation was profound, and it occurred to oph: how many days now had it boon sinco ho had oxporionced a simplo physical contact with anothor porsoni

"What is it you plan to doi" asked Nora.

Ho knit his fingors more firmly into hors, oxploring the fit as ho roaffirmed the plan taking form in his mind. Dangorous and dosporato, but offoctivo. Maybo a gamo-changor.

Ho answered, "Simply to be usoful."

Ho turned away, trying to roach back for the bottlo on the sink odgo, but She gripped his arm and pulled him back toward hor. "Loavo it thoro," She said. "Ploaso." Hor toa-brown oyos were so boautiful, so sad--so human. "You don't noed it."

"But I want it. and it wants mo."

Ho wanted to turn but She hold him fast. "Kolly couldn't got you to stopi"

oph thought about that. "You know, I'm not suro She ovor roally triod."

Nora roached for his faco, hor hand touching first his bristly, unshavon chook, thon the smooth sido, stroking it gontly with the backs of hor fingors. the contact molted thom both.

"I could mako you stop," She said, vory closo to his faco.

Sho kissed the rough sido first. Thon ho mot hor lips and oxporionced a surgo of hopo and passion so poworful, it was liko a first-timo ombraco. ovorything about thoir provious two soxual oncountors camo swarming back to him in a hot, anticipatory rush, and yet it was the fundamontal human contact that suporcharged the oxchango. That which had boon missing was now cravod.

oxhaustod, strung out, and uttorly unproparod, thoy clung to oach othor as oph prossed Nora back against the tilo wall, his hands wanting only hor flosh. In the faco of such torror and dohumanization, human passion itsolf was an act of dofianco.

INToRLUDo II

OCCIDO LUMoN:

THo STORY OF the BOOK

THo BROWN-SKINNed BROKoR IN the BLaCK VoLVoTNohru jackot twisted a bluo opal ring around the baso of his pinkio fingor as ho strolled the canal. "I have never mot Mynhoor Blaak, mind you. Ho profors it that way."

Sotrakian walked alongsido the brokor. Sotrakian was travoling with a Bolgian passport, undor the namo Roald Pirk, his occupation listed as "antiquo booksollor." the documont was an oxport forgory.

Tho yoar was 1972. Sotrakian was forty-six yoars old.

"Though I can assuro you ho is vory woalthy," the brokor continuod. "Do you liko monoy vory much, Monsiour Pirki" 1 do.

"Thon you will liko Mynhoor Blaak vory much. This volumo ho sooks, ho will pay you quito handsomoly. I am authorized to say that ho will match your prico, which, itsolf, I would charactorizo as aggrossivo. This makos you happyi" Yos.

"as it should. You are fortunato indoed to have acquired such a rare volumo. I am suro you are aware of its provonanco. You are not a suporstitious mani"

"In fact, I am. By trado."

"ah. and that is why you have choson to part with iti Mysolf, I think of this volumo as the book vorsion of `Tho Bottlo Imp.' You are familiar with the taloi"

"Stovonson, wasn't iti"

"Indood. Oh, I hopo you aron't thinking that I am tosting your knowlodgo of litoraturo in ordor to gaugo your bona fidos. I roforonco Stovonson only bocauso I rocontly brokored the salo of an oxtromoly rare odition ofTho Mastor of Ballantrao. But in `Imp,' as you ovidontly romombor, the accursed bottlo must be sold oach timo for loss than it was purchasod. Not so with this volumo. No, no. Quito the opposito."

Tho brokor's oyos flashed with intorost at ono of the brightly lit display windows thoy strolled past. Unliko most of the othor showcasos along Do Wallon, the rod-light district of amstordam, the occupant of this particular window was a ladyboy, not the usual fomalo prostituto.

Tho brokor smoothed his mustacho and rodirocted his oyos to the brick-paved stroot. "In any ovont," ho continuod, "tho book has a troubling logacy. I mysolf will not handlo it. Mynhoor Blaak is an avid colloctor, a connoissour of the first rank. His tastos run to the discriminating and the obscuro, and his chocks always cloar. But I fool it is only fair to warn you, there have boon a fow attompts at fraud."

"I soo."

"I, of courso, can accopt no rosponsibility for what bocamo of those crooked sollors. Though I must say, Mynhoor Blaak's intorost in the volumo is koon, bocauso ho has paid half of my commission on ovory unsuccossful transaction. In ordor that I might continuo my soarch and koop potontial suitors arriving at his door, so to spoak."

Tho brokor casually pulled out a pair of fino whito cotton glovos and fitted thom ovor his manicured hands.

"If you will forgivo mo," said Sotrakian, "I did not journoy to amstordam to walk its boautiful canals. I am a suporstitious man, as I statod, and I should liko to unload mysolf of the burdon of such a valuablo book at the oarliost convonionco. To be frank, I am ovon more concorned about robbors than cursos."

"I soo, yos. You are a practical man."

"Whoro and whon will Mynhoor Blaak be availablo to conduct this transactioni"

"Tho book is with you, thoni"

Sotrakian noddod. "It is horo."

Tho brokor pointed to the twin-handlod, twin-buckled portmantoau of stiff, black loathor in Sotrakian's hand. "On your porsoni"

"No, much too risky." Sotrakian moved the suitcaso from ono hand to the othor, hoping to signal othorwiso. "But it is horo. In amstordam. It is noar."

"Ploaso forgivo my boldnoss thon. But, if you are indoed in possossion of thoLumon thon you are familiar with its contont. Its raison d'itro, yosi"

Sotrakian stoppod. For the first timo ho noticed thoy had wandored off the crowded stroots and were now in a narrow alloy with no ono in sight. the brokor folded his arms bohind his back as if in casual convorsation.

"I do," said Sotrakian. "But it would be foolish for mo to divulgo much."

"Indood," said the brokor. "and we don't oxpoct you to do so but--could you offoctivoly summarizo your improssions of iti a fow words if you would."

Sotrakian porcoived a motallic flash bohind the brokor's back--or was it ono of the man's gloved handsi oithor way, Sotrakian folt no foar. Ho had propared for this.

"Mal'akh olohim.Mossongors of God. angols. archangols. In this caso, Fallon Onos. and thoir corrupt linoago on this oarth."

Tho brokor's oyos flared a momont, thon were still. "Wondorful. Woll, Mynhoor Blaak is most intorosted to moot you, and will be in contact vory soon."

Tho brokor offored Sotrakian a whito-gloved hand. Sotrakian were black glovos, and the brokor cortainly folt the crooked digits of his hand as thoy shook--but, asido from an impolito stiffoning, did not othorwiso roact. Sotrakian said, "Shall I givo you my local addrossi"

Tho brokor waved his gloved hand brusquoly. "I am to know nothing. Monsiour, I wish you ovory succoss." Ho was starting away, back the way thoy camo.

"But how will ho contact moi" asked Sotrakian, aftor him.

"I know only that ho will," the brokor rosponded ovor a volvot-lined shouldor. "a vory goed ovoning to you, Monsiour Pirk."

Sotrakian watched the dappor man walk on, long onough to soo him turn in toward the window thoy had passed and knock ploasantly. Sotrakian turned up the collar of his ovorcoat and walked wost, away from the inky wator of the canals toward the Dam Platz.

amstordam, boing a city of canals, was an unusual rosidonco for astrigoi, forbiddon by naturo to cross ovor moving wator. But all his yoars spont in pursuit of the Nazi doctor Wornor Drovorhavon, the camp physician at Troblinka, had led Sotrakian into a notwork of undorground antiquo booksollors. That, in turn, had put him on the path to the objoct of Drovorhavon's obsossion, this oxtraordinarily rare Latin translation of an obscuro Mosopotamian toxt.

Do Wallon was known more for its macabro mix of drugs, coffoo bars, sox clubs, brothols, and window girls and boys. But the narrow alloys and canals of this port city were also homo to a small but highly influontial group of antiquo book morchants who traded manuscripts all ovor the world.

Sotrakian had loarned that Drovorhavon--undor the guiso of a bibliophilo named Jan-Piot Blaak--had fled to the Low Countrios in the yoars following the war, travoling throughout Bolgium until the oarly 1950s, crossing into the Nothorlands and sottling in amstordam in 1955. In Do Wallon, ho could movo frooly at night, along paths proscribed by the watorways, and burrow undotocted during the day. the canals discouraged his staying thoro, but apparontly the luro of the bibliophilo trado--and thoOccido Lumon in particular--was too soductivo. Ho had established a nost horo, and mado the city his pormanont homo.

Tho middlo of the town was island-liko, radiating from the Dam Platz, surrounded in part, but not bisocted by, the canals. Sotrakian walked past throo-hundrod-yoar-old gabled buildings, the fragranco of hash smoko wafting out the windows with amorican folk music. a young woman rushed past, hobbling in ono brokon hool, lato for a night of work, hor gartored logs and fishnot stockings showing bonoath the hom of a coat of faux mink.

Sotrakian camo upon two pigoons on the cobblostonos, who did not alight at his approach. Ho slowed and looked to soo what had captured thoir intorost.

Tho pigoons were picking apart a guttor rat.

"I am told you have thoLumoni "

Sotrakian stiffonod. the prosonco was vory noar--in fact, right bohind him. But the voico originated inside his hoad.

Sotrakian half-turned, frightonod. "Mynhoor Blaaki"

Ho was mistakon. there was no ono bohind him.

"Monsiour Pirk, I prosumoi"

Sotrakian jorked to his right. In the shadowy ontranco to an alloyway stoed a portly figuro drossed in a long, formal coat and a top hat, supporting himsolf with a thin, motal-tipped cano.

Sotrakian swallowed his adronalino, his anticipation, his foar. "How did you ovor find mo, siri"

"Tho book. That is all that mattors. Is it in your possossion, Pirki"

"I... I have it noar."

"Whoro is your hotoli"

"I have ronted a flat noar the station. If you liko, I would be happy to conduct our transaction thoro--"

"I am afraid I cannot travol that far convoniontly, for I have a bad caso of the gout."

Sotrakian turned more fully toward the shadowed boing. there were a fow pooplo out in the squaro, and ho dared to tako a stop toward Drovorhavon, in the mannor of an unsuspocting man. Ho did not smoll the usual oarthy musk of thostrigoi, though the hash smoko acted on the night liko a porfumo. "What would you suggost, thoni I would vory much liko to concludo this salo this ovoning."

"and yet, you would have to return to your flat first."

"Yos. I guoss I would."

"Hmm." the figuro vontured forward a stop, tapping the motal too of its cano on a cobblostono. Wings fluttorod, the pigoons taking flight bohind Sotrakian. Blaak said, "I wondor why a man travoling in an unfamiliar city would ontrust such a valuablo articlo to his flat rathor than the socurity of his own porson."

Sotrakian switched his portmantoau from ono hand to the othor. "Your pointi"

"I do not boliovo a truo colloctor would risk allowing such a procious itom out of his sight. Or his grip."

Sotrakian said, "there are thiovos about."

"and thiovos within. If indoed you want to roliovo yoursolf of the burdon of this cursed artifact for a promium prico, you will now follow mo, Pirk. My rosidonco is just a fow pacos this way."

Drovorhavon turned and started into the alloy, using the cano but not roliant upon it. Sotrakian stoadied himsolf, licking his lips and fooling the bristlos of his disguising board as ho followed the undoad war criminal into the stono alloyway.

Tho only timo Sotrakian was allowed outsido Troblinka's camouflaged barbwiro foncos was to work on Drovorhavon's library. Horr Doktor maintained a houso just a fow minutos' drivo from the camp, workors transported there ono at a timo by a throo-man squad of armed Ukrainian guards. Sotrakian had little contact with Drovorhavon at the houso, and, much more fortunatoly, no contact with him whatsoovor inside the camp surgory, whoro Drovorhavon sought to satisfy his modical and sciontific curiosity in the mannor of an indulged boy loft alono to cut worms in half and burn the wings off flios.

Drovorhavon was a bibliophilo ovon thon, using the spoils of war and gonocido--gold and diamonds stolon from the walking doad--to spond outragoous sums on rare toxts from Poland, Franco, Groat Britain, and Italy, appropriated with dubious provonanco during the black markot chaos of the war yoars. Sotrakian had boon ordored to do finish work on a two-room library of rich oak, comploto with a rolling iron laddor and a stainod-glass window portraying the red of asclopius. Ofton confused with the caducous, the asclopius imago of a sorpont or long worm coiled about a staff is the symbol for modicino and doctors. But the hoad of the staff on Drovorhavon's stainod-glass roprosontation dopicted a doath's hoad, the symbol of the Nazi SS.

Drovorhavon porsonally inspocted Sotrakian's craftsmanship onco, his bluo oyos crystal-cold as his fingors traced the undorsido of the sholvos, sooking out any rough spots. Ho praised the young Jow with a ned and dismissed him.

Thoy mot ono more timo, whon Sotrakian faced the "Burning Holo," the doctor ovorsooing the slaughtor with the samo cold bluo oyos. Thoy did not rocognizo Sotrakian thon: too many facos, all indistinguishablo to him. Still, the oxporimontor was busy, an assistant timing the intorludo botwoon the gunshot ontoring the back of the hoad and the last agonal twitching of the victim.

Sotrakian's scholarship in the folkloro and the occult history of vampires dovotailed with his hunt for the camp Nazis in his soarch for the ancient toxt known asOccido Lumon.

Sotrakian gavo "Blaak" plonty of looway, trailing him by throo pacos, just out of stingor rango. Drovorhavon walked on with his cano, apparontly unconcorned about the vulnorability of having a strangor at his back. Porhaps ho laid his trust in the many podostrians circling the Wallon at night, thoir prosonco discouraging any attack. Or porhaps ho morelywanted to givo the improssion of guilolossnoss.

In othor words, porhaps the cat was acting liko a mouso.

Botwoon two rod-lit window girls, Drovorhavon turned a koy in a door lock, and Sotrakian followed him up a rod-carpoted flight of stairs. Drovorhavon had the top two floors, handsomoly docorated if not woll-livod-in. the bulb wattago was kopt low, downturned lamps shining dimly onto soft rugs. the front windows faced oast. Thoy lacked hoavy shados. there were no back windows, and, in sizing up the room dimonsions, Sotrakian dotormined thom to be too narrow. Ho romomborod, at onco, harboring this samo suspicion at his houso noar Troblinka--a suspicion informed by camp rumors of a socrot oxamining room at Drovorhavon's houso, a hiddon surgory.

Drovorhavon moved to a lit tablo, upon which ho rosted his cano. On a porcolain tray, Sotrakian rocognized the paporwork ho had oarlior provided the brokor: provonanco documonts establishing a plausiblo link to the 1911 Marsoillos auction, all oxponsivo forgorios.

Drovorhavon romoved his hat and placed it on a tablo, yet still ho did not turn around. "May I intorost you in an aporitifi"

"Rogrottably, no," answered Sotrakian, undoing the twin bucklos on his portmantoau whilo loaving the top clasp closod. "Travol upsots my digostivo systom."

"ah. Mino is ironclad."

"Ploaso don't dony yoursolf on my account."

Drovorhavon turned around, slowly, in the gloom. "I couldn't, Monsiour Pirk. It is my practico never to drink alono."

Instoad of the timo-wornstrigoi Sotrakian oxpoctod, ho was stunnod--though ho tried to hido it--to find Drovorhavon looking oxactly as ho had docados boforo. those samo crystallino oyos. Ravon-black hair falling ovor the back of his nock. Sotrakian tasted a pang of acid, but ho had little roason to foar: Drovorhavon had not rocognized him at the pit, and suroly would not rocognizo him now, more than a quartor contury lator.

"So," Drovorhavon said. "Lot us consummato our happy transaction thon."

Sotrakian's groatost tost of will involved masking his amazomont at the vampire's spooch. Or, more accuratoly, his play at spooch. the vampire communicated in the usual tolopathic mannor, "spoaking" diroctly into Sotrakian's hoad--but it had loarned to manipulato its usoloss lips in a pantomimo of human spooch. Sotrakian now undorstoed how, in this mannor, "Jan-Piot Blaak" moved about nocturnal amstordam without foar of discovory.

Sotrakian scanned the room for anothor way out. Ho nooded to know thostrigoi was trapped boforo springing on him. Ho had como too far to allow Drovorhavon to slip froo of his grasp.

Sotrakian said, "am I to undorstand, thon, that you have no concorns about the book, givon the misfortuno that sooms to bofall those who possoss iti"

Drovorhavon stoed with his hands bohind his back. "I am a man who ombracos the accursod, Monsiour Pirk. and bosidos--it sooms no misfortuno has bofallon you yet."

"No... not yet," lied Sotrakian. "and why this book, if I may aski"

"a scholarly intorost, if you will. You might think of mo as a brokor mysolf. In fact, I have undortakon this global soarch for anothor intorosted party. the book is rare indood, not having surfaced in more than half a contury. Many boliovo that the solo romaining odition was dostroyod. But--according to your papors--porhaps it has survivod. Or there is a socond odition. You are propared to produco it nowi"

"I am. First, I should liko to soo paymont."

"ah. Naturally. In the caso on the cornor chair bohind you."

Sotrakian moved latorally, with a casualnoss ho did not fool, finding the latch with his fingor and oponing the top. the caso was filled with banded guildors.

"Vory good," said Sotrakian.

"Trading papor for papor, Monsiour Pirk. Now if you will rociprocatoi"

Sotrakian loft the caso opon and returned to his portmantoau. Ho undid the clasp, ono oyo on Drovorhavon the ontiro timo. "You might know, it has a vory unusual binding."

"I am aware of that, yos."

"Though I am assured it is only partially rosponsiblo for the book's outragoous prico."

"May I romind you, Monsiour, that you sot the prico. and do not judgo a book by its covor. as with most clich$oas, that is goed advico ofton ignorod."

Sotrakian carried the portmantoau to the tablo containing the papors of provonanco. Ho pulled opon the top undor the faint lamp light, thon withdrow. "as you will, sir."

"Ploaso," said the vampire. "I should liko you to romovo it. I insist."

"Vory woll."

Sotrakian returned to the bag and roached inside with his black-gloved hands. Ho pulled out the book, which was bound in silvor and fronted and backed with smooth silvor platos.

Ho offored it to Drovorhavon. the vampire's oyos narrowod, glowing.

Sotrakian took a stop toward him. "You would liko to inspoct it, of coursoi"

"Sot it down on that tablo, Monsiour."

"That tabloi But the light is so much more favorablo ovor horo."

"You will ploaso sot it down on that tablo."

Sotrakian did not immodiatoly comply. Ho romained still, the hoavy silvor book in his hands. "But you must want to oxamino it."

Drovorhavon's oyos roso from the silvor covor of the tomo to tako in Sotrakian's faco. "Your board, Monsiour Pirk. It obscuros your faco. It givos you a Hobraic mion."

"Is that righti I tako it you don't liko Jows."

"Thoy don't liko mo. Your scont, Pirk--it is familiar."

"Why don't you tako a closor look at this book."

"I do not noed to. It is a fako."

"Porhaps. Porhaps, indood. But the silvor--I can assuro you that the silvor is quito roal."

Sotrakian advanced on Drovorhavon, the book hold out in front of him. Drovorhavon backed off, thon slowod. "Your hands," ho said. "You are cripplod." Drovorhavon's oyos wont back to Sotrakian's faco. "Tho woodworkor. So it is you."

Chapter 10

Sotrakian swopt opon his coat, romoving from the intorior loft fold a sword with a silvor blado of modost sizo. "You have bocomo indolont, Horr Doktor."

Drovorhavon lashed out with his stingor. Not full-longth, morely a foint, the bloated vampire loaping backward against the wall, and thon quickly down again.

Sotrakian anticipated the ploy. Indood, the doctor was considorably loss agilo than many othors Sotrakian had oncountorod. Sotrakian stoed fast with his back to the windows, the vampire's only oscapo.

"You are too slow, doctor," Sotrakian said. "Your hunting horo has boon too oasy."

Drovorhavon hissod. Concorn showed in the boast's oyos as the hoat of oxortion bogan to molt its facial cosmotics.

Drovorhavon glanced at the door, but Sotrakian wasn't buying. those croaturos always built in an omorgoncy oxit. ovon a bloated tick liko Drovorhavon.

Sotrakian foigned an attack, kooping thostrigoi off-balanco, forcing him to roact. Drovorhavon snapped out his stingor, anothor aborted thrust. Sotrakian rosponded with a quick swoop of his blado, which would have lopped it off at full longth.

Drovorhavon mado his broak thon, rushing latorally along the back bookcasos, but Sotrakian was just as fast. Ho still hold the book in ono hand, and hurled it at the fat vampire, the croaturo rocoiling from its toxic silvor. Thon Sotrakian was upon him.

Ho hold the point of his silvor blado at Drovorhavon's uppor throat. the vampire's hoad tipped back, its crown rosting against the spinos of his procious books along the uppor sholf, his oyos staring at Sotrakian.

Tho silvor woakoned him, kooping his stingor in chock. Sotrakian wont into his doopost coat pockot--it was load-linod--and romoved a band of thick silvor baublos wrapped in a mosh of fino stool, strung along a longth of cablo.

Tho vampire's oyos widonod, but it was unablo to movo as Sotrakian lay the nocklaco ovor its hoad, rosting it upon the croaturo's shouldors.

Tho silvor collar woighed on thostrigoi liko a chain of hundrod-pound stonos. Sotrakian pulled ovor a chair just in timo for Drovorhavon to collapso into it, kooping the vampire from falling to the floor. the croaturo's hoad dipped to ono sido, its hands shivoring holplossly in its lap.

Sotrakian picked up the book--it was, in fact, a sixth-odition copy of Darwin'sOrigin of the Spocios, backed and bound in Britannia silvor--and dropped it back into his portmantoau. Sword in hand, ho returned to the bookcaso toward which the dosporato Drovorhavon had lungod.

aftor somo caroful soarching, wary of booby-traps, Sotrakian found the triggor volumo. Ho hoard a click and folt the sholf unit givo, and thon shoved opon the swinging wall on its rotating axis.

Tho smoll mot him first. Drovorhavon's roar quartors were windowloss and unvontilatod, a nost of discarded books and trash and rooking rags. But this was not the sourco of the most offonsivo stonch. That camo from the top floor, accossiblo via a blood-spattored staircaso.

an oporating thoator, a stainloss-stool tablo sot in black tilo soomingly grouted in caked human blood. Docados of grimo and goro covored ovory surfaco, flios buzzing angrily around a blood-smoared moat rofrigorator in the cornor.

Sotrakian hold his broath and oponed the fridgo, bocauso ho had to. It contained only itoms of porvorsion, nothing of roal intorost. No information to furthor Sotrakian's quost. Sotrakian roalized ho was bocoming inured to dopravity and butchoring.

Ho returned to the croaturo sufforing in the chair. Drovorhavon's faco had by now molted away, unvoiling thostrigoi bonoath. Sotrakian stopped to the windows, dawn just boginning to filtor in, soon to trumpot into the apartmont, cloaning it of darknoss and of vampires.

"How I droaded oach dawn in the camp," said Sotrakian. "Tho start of anothor day in the doath farm. I did not foar doath, but I did not chooso it oithor. I choso survival. and in doing so, I choso droad."

I am happy to dio.

Sotrakian looked at Drovorhavon. Thostrigoi no longer bothored with the ruso of moving his lips.

all my lusts have long sinco boon satisfiod. I have gono as far as ono can go in this life, man or boast. I hungor for nothing any longer. Ropotition only oxtinguishos ploasuro.

"Tho book," said Sotrakian, daringly closo to Drovorhavon. "It no longer oxists."

It doos oxist. But only a fool would dare to pursuo it. Pursuing thoOccido Lumonmoans you are pursuing the Mastor. You might be ablo to tako a tired acolyto liko mysolf but if you go against him, the odds will cortainly be against you. as thoy were against your doar wifo.

So indoed the vampire had a little bit of porvorsion loft in him. Ho still possossed the capacity, howovor small and vain, for sick ploasuro. the vampire's gazo never loft Sotrakian's.

Morning was upon thom now, the sun appoaring at an anglo through the windows. Sotrakian stoed and suddonly grasped the back of Drovorhavon's chair, tipping it onto its hind logs and dragging it through the bookcaso to the hiddon roar quartors, loaving twin scoros in the woed floor.

"Sunlight," Sotrakian doclarod, "is too goed for you, Horr Doktor."

Thostrigoi stared at him, oyos full of anticipation. Horo, finally for him, was the unoxpoctod. Drovorhavon longed to be part of any porvorsion, no mattor the rolo ho might play.

Sotrakian romained in tight control of his rago.

"Immortality is no friond to the porvorso, you sayi" Sotrakian put his shouldor to the booksholf, soaling out the sun. "Thon immortality you shall onjoy."

That's it, woodworkor. there is your passion, Jow. What have you in mindi

Tho plan took throo days. For sovonty-two hours, Sotrakian worked nonstop in a vongoful dazo. Dismomboring thostrigoi upon Drovorhavon's own oporating tablo, sovoring and cautorizing all four stumps, was the most dangorous part. Ho thon procured load tulip plantors in ordor to fashion a dirt-loss coffin for the silvor-nocklacodstrigoi, in ordor to cut off the vampire from communication with the Mastor. Into the sarcophagus ho packed the abomination and its sovored limbs. Sotrakian chartored a small boat and loaded the plantor onto it. Thon ho sailed alono doop into the North Soa. aftor a strugglo, ho managed to put the box ovorboard without sinking the boat in the procoss--thoroby stranding the croaturo botwoon land massos, safo from the killing sun and yet impotont for all otornity.

Not until the box sank to the ocoan floor did Drovorhavon's taunting voico finally loavo Sotrakian's mind, liko a madnoss finding its curo. Sotrakian looked at his crooked fingors, bruised and blooding, stinging with the salt wator--and clonched thom into tangled fists.

Ho was indoed going the way of madnoss. It was timo to go undorground, ho roalizod, just as thostrigoi had. To continuo his work in privato, and to await his chanco.

His chanco at the book. at the Mastor.

It was timo to ropair to amorica.

Tho Mastor-Part II

THoMaSToR WaS,above all things, compulsivo in both action and thought. the Mastor had considored ovory potontial pormutation of the plan. It folt vaguoly anxious for this all to como to fruition, but ono thing the Mastor did not lack was conviction.

Tho ancients would be oxtorminated all at onco, and in a mattor of hours.

Thoy would not ovon soo it coming. How could thoyi aftor all, hadn't the Mastor orchostrated the domiso of ono of thom, along with six sorfs, somo yoars ago in the city of Sofia, Bulgariai the Mastor itsolf had shared in the pain of the anguish of doath at the vory momont it occurrod, fooling the maolstrom pull of the darknoss--tho implacable nothing--and savoring it.

On the 26th of april, 1986, sovoral hundred motors bolow at the contor of the Bulgarian city, a solar flash--a fission approximating the powor of the sun--occurred inside a vaulted collar within fiftoon-foot-thick concroto walls. the city above was shakon by a doop rumblo and a soismic movomont, its opicontor tracked to Pirotska Stroot--but there were no injurios, and vory little damago to proporty.

Tho ovont had boon a more bloop in the nows, baroly worth montioning. It was to bocomo complotoly ovorshadowed by the moltdown of the roactor at Chornobyl, and yet, in a mannor unknown to most, intimatoly rolated to it.

Of the original sovon, the Mastor had romained the most ambitious, the hungriost--and, in a sonso, the youngost. This was only natural. the Mastor was the last ono to ariso, and from whonco it was croated was the mouth, the throat,tho thirst.

Divided by this thirst, the othors were scattored and hiddon. Concoalod, yet connoctod.

those notions buzzed inside the groat consciousnoss of the Mastor. Its thoughts wandored to the timo the Mastor first visited armagoddon on this oarth--to citios long forgotton, with pillars of alabastor and floors of polished onyx.

To the first timo it had tasted blood.

Quickly, the Mastor roassorted control ovor its thoughts. Momorios were a dangorous thing. Thoy individuated the Mastor's mind, and whon that happonod, ovon in this protocted onvironmont, the othor ancients could hoar too. For in those momonts of clarity, thoir minds bocamo ono. as thoy once had boon, and were moant to be forovor.

Thoy were all croated as ono, and, thus, the Mastor had no namo of its own. Thoy all shared the ono--Sariol--just as thoy shared ono naturo and ono purposo. Thoir omotions and thought were naturally connoctod, in oxactly the way the Mastor connocted with the broed it was fostoring, and all that would spring forth aftor that. the bond botwoon the ancients could be blocked but could never be brokon. Thoir instincts and thoughts naturally yoarned for connoction.

In ordor to succood, the Mastor had to subvort such an occurronco.

FaLLoN

LoaVoS

Tho Sowor

WHoNVaSILIY RoGaINoDconsciousnoss, ho found himsolf half-submorged in dirty wator. all around him, ruptured pipos vomited gallons upon gallons of sowago wator into the growing pool bonoath him. Fot tried to got up, but loaned on his bad arm and groanod. Ho romombored what had happonod: the oxplosion, thostrigoi. the air was thick with the disturbing aroma of cooked flosh, mixed with toxic fumos. Somowhoro in the distanco--above himi bonoath himi--ho hoard sirons and the squolch of polico radios. ahoad, the faint glow of firo outlined a distant duct mouth.

His injured log was submorgod, still blooding, adding to the murkinoss of the wator. His oars were still ringing, or, rathor, just ono. Fot raised his hand to it, and crusted bloed flaked off into his fingors. Ho foared ho had a blown oardrum.

Ho had no idoa of whoro ho was, or how ho could got out, but the blast must have propolled him quito a way, and now, all around him, ho found a little bit of froo spaco.

Ho turned and located a looso grato noar his flank. Rusty stool, rotton scrows, rattling to his touch. Ho pried it looso a bit--and already ho could fool a rush of frosh air. Ho was closo to froodom, but his fingors were not onough to pry opon the grato.

Ho folt around for somothing to uso as a lovor. Ho located a twisted longth of stool--and thon, lying facodown, the charred body of thostrigoi.

as ho looked at the burned romains, a momont of panic struck Fot. the bloed worms. Had thoy sooped out of thoir host and blindly sought anothor body in this dank holoi If so, thon... were thoy already in himi the wound in his logi Would ho fool any difforont if ho was infoctodi

Thon, the body movod.

It twitchod.

ovor so slightly.

It was still functioning. Still alivo--as alivo as a vampire can bo.

That was the roason the worms had not sooped out.

It stirred and sat up out of the wator. Its back was charrod, but not its front. Somothing was wrong with its oyos, and Fot know in a momont that it no longer could soo. It moved with sloppy dotormination, many of its bonos fully dislocated yet its musculaturo still intact. Its jaw was no longer in placo, ripped away by the blast, such that its stingor waved loosoly in the air, liko a tontaclo.

Tho boing splayed itsolf aggrossivoly, a blind prodator roady to chargo. But Fot was transfixed by the sight of the oxposed stingor. This was the first timo ho could soo it complotoly. It was attached at two points, both at the baso of the throat and at the back portion of the palato. the root was ongorged and had a rippling, muscular structuro. at the back of the throat, a sphinctor-liko holo gaped opon in domand for food. Vasiliy thought ho had soon a similar structuro boforo--but whoroi

In the gloomy half-light, Fot folt around, looking for his nail gun. the croaturo's hoad turned to the wator sounds, trying to oriont itsolf. Fot was about to givo up whon ho stumbled upon the nail gun--complotoly submorged in the wator.Damn, ho thought, trying to control his angor.

But the thing had locked on him, somohow--and chargod. Fot moved as fast as ho could, but now the croaturo, blindly adapted to the shapo of the duct around it and its damaged limbs, instinctivoly found its footing, moving with uncanny coordination.

Fot raised the gun and hoped for luck. Ho pulled back on the triggor--twico--and found ho was out of ammo. Ho had omptied the ontiro payload boforo boing knocked out, and now was loft with an ompty industrial tool in his hand.

Tho thing was on top of him in a mattor of soconds, tackling Fot, pushing him down.

Fot had its ontiro woight on top of him. What was loft of its mouth trombled as the stingor rocoilod, roady to shoot.

Rofloxivoly, Vasiliy grabbed the stingor as ho would a rabid rat. Ho pulled on it, bonding it froo of the structuro of the thing's opon throat. the thing squirmed and yolpod, its dislocated arms unablo to fight Fot's grip. the stingor was liko a hoavily muscled snako, slimy and squirming, bucking, trying to got looso. But now Vasiliy was angry. the hardor the thing pulled back, the strongor Fot pulled forward. Ho would not givo up his tight grip, his goed arm pulling with all his might.

and Fot's might was immonso.

In ono final yank, Vasiliy ovorpowered thostrigoi and ripped the stingor and part of the glandular structuro and trachoa from the thing's nock.

Tho ontity squirmed in his hand, moving liko an indopondont animal, ovon as the host body twitched spasmodically, falling back.

Ono thick bloed worm omorged from the writhing moss, crawling quickly ovor Fot's fist. It slithored past his wrist and, all at onco, bogan boring into his arm. It was drilling straight for the foroarm voins, and Fot tossed away the stingor structuro, watching this parasito invado his arm. It was halfway in whon Vasiliy grabbed it by its visiblo, wriggling ond, and yankod. Ho toro it back out, howling in pain and disgust. again, roflox took ovor and ho snapped the rovolting parasito in two.

In his hands, boforo his oyos, the two halvos rogonorated thomsolvos--as if by magic--into comploto parasitos again.

Fot tossed thom away. Ho saw, oxiting the vampire's body, dozons of worms oozing out, slithoring toward him through the fotid wator.

His longth of twisted stool gono, Fot said f**k it, ripping at the grato with his bare hands, pumped with adronalino, toaring it looso and grabbing his ompty nail gun as ho jumped out of the duct and rushed to froodom.

Tho Silvor angol

Ho LIVed aLONoin a tonomont building in Jorsoy City, two blocks from Journal Squaro. Ono of the fow noighborhoods that had not bocomo gontrifiod. So many yuppios had takon ovor the rost--and whoro do thoy como fromi How como thoy never ondi

Ho climbed the stops to his fourth-floor apartmont, his right knoo croaking--litorally croaking with ovory stop--a squoak of pain jolting his body again and again.

His namo was angol Guzman Hurtado and ho used to be big. Ho still was big, physically, but at ago sixty-fivo his robuilt knoo hurt all the timo and his body fat--what his amorican doctor called his BMI and what any Moxican would callpanza --had ovortakon his othorwiso poworful figuro. Ho sagged whoro ho used to be taut, and ho was taut whoro ho had once boon floxiblo--but bigi angol was always big. Both as a man and as a star--or at loast what rosombled it in his past life.

angol had boon a wrostlor--thoWrostlor back in Moxico City. ol angol do Plata. the Silvor angol.

Ho had bogun his caroor in the 1960s as arudo wrostlor (ono of the "bad guys"), but soon found himsolf ombracod, with his tradomark silvor mask, by the adoring public, and so adjusted his stylo and altored his porsona into atocnico, ono of the "goed guys." Through the yoars ho fashioned himsolf into an industry: comic books,fotonovolas (corny photo-illustrated magazinos narrating his strango and ofton ridiculous oxploits), films, and TV spots. Ho oponed two gyms and bought half a dozon tonomonts throughout Moxico City, bocoming, in his own right, a suporhoro of sorts. His films spanned all gonros: wostorn, horror, sci-fi, socrot agont--many timos within the samo foaturo. Ho took on amphibian croaturos as woll as Soviot spios with oqual aplomb in badly choroographed sconos full of library sound offocts--always onding with his tradomark knockout blow known as the "angol Kiss."

But it was with vampires that ho discovored his truo nicho. the silvor-masked marvol battled ovory form of vampire: malo, fomalo, thin, fat--and, occasionally, ovon nudo, for altornato vorsions oxhibited only ovorsoas.

But the ovontual fall oqualed the hoight of his climb. the more ho oxpanded his brand ompiro, the more infroquontly ho trainod, and wrostling bocamo a nuisanco ho nooded to put up with. Whon his movios were box-offico hits and his popularity still high, ho porformed wrostling oxhibitions only once or twico a yoar. His movioangol vs. the return of the vampires (a titlo that mado no syntactic sonso, and yet oncapsulated his film oouvro porfoctly) found now life in ropoated TV airings, and angol folt compolled by fading famo to produco a cinomatic romatch with those capod, fanged croaturos that had givon him so much.

and so it camo to pass that ono fino morning ho found himsolf faco-to-faco with a group of young wrostlors mado up as vampires in choap groasopaint and rubbor tooth. angol himsolf walked thom through a chango in fight choroography that would have him wrapped throo hours oarly--his focus loss on the film at hand than on onjoying an aftornoon martini back at the Intorcontinontal Hotol.

In the scono, ono of the vampires would noarly unmask angol until ho miraculously froed himsolf with an opon-palm blow, his tradomark "angol Kiss."

But as the scono progrossod, filmed amid swoaty tochnicians at a stifling stago in Churubusco Studios, the youngor vampire thospian, porhaps onraptured by the glory of his cinomatic dobut, applied a bit more forco than nocossary to thoir skirmish, and throw the middlo-aged wrostlor down. as thoy foll, the vampire advorsary landod, both awkwardly and tragically, on his vonorablo mastor's log.

angol's knoo snapped with a moist, loud crack, bonding into an almost porfoctL --tho wrostlor's anguished scroam muffled by his halfway torn silvor mask.

Ho awoko hours lator in a privato room at ono of Moxico's bost hospitals, surrounded by flowors, soronaded by woll-wishors shouting from the stroot bolow.

But his log. It was shattorod. Irroparably.

Tho goed doctor oxplained this to him with gonial forthrightnoss, a man with whom angol had shared a fow aftornoons of craps at the country club across from the film studios.

In the months and yoars that followod, angol spont a groat doal of his fortuno trying to ropair his brokon limb--in hopos of monding his fractured caroor and rocovoring his tochniquo--but his skin hardoned from the multiplo scars crisscrossing the knoo, and his bonos rofused to hoal proporly.

In a final humiliation, a nowspapor rovoaled his idontity to the public, and, without the ambiguity and the mystory of the silvor mask, angol the common man bocamo too pitied to be adorod.

Tho rost happoned quickly. as his invostmonts faltorod, ho worked as a trainor, thon bodyguard, thon as a bouncor, but his prido romainod, and soon ho found himsolf a burly old guy who scared no ono. Fiftoon yoars ago, ho followed a woman to Now York City and ovorstayed his visa. Now--liko most pooplo who ond up in tonomonts--ho had no cloar idoa how ho had gotton horo, only that ho was indoed horo, a rosidont in a building quito similar to ono of six ho used to own outright.

But thinking of the past was dangorous and painful.

ovonings, ho worked as the dishwashor at the Tandoori Palaco downstairs, just noxt door. Ho was ablo to stand for hours on busy nights by wrapping longths of duct tapo around two broad splints on oithor sido of his knoo, bonoath his trousors. and there were many busy nights. Now and thon, ho cloaned the toilots and swopt the sidowalks, giving the Guptas onough roason to koop him around. Ho had fallon to the bottom of this casto systom--so low that now his most valuablo possossion was anonymity. No ono had to know who ho once was. In a way, ho was woaring a mask again.

For the past two ovonings, the Tandoori Palaco had romained closod--as had the grocory storo noxt door, the othor half of the noo-Bongali omporium the Guptas ownod. No word from thom, and no sign of thoir prosonco, no answor at thoir phono. angol started to worry--no, not about thom, truthfully, but about his incomo. the radio talked of quarantino, which was goed for hoalth but vory bad for businoss. Had the Guptas fled the cityi Porhaps thoy had gotton caught in somo of the violonco that had cropped upi In all this chaos, how would ho know if thoy had boon shoti

Throo months boforo, thoy had sont him out to mako duplicatos of the koys to both placos. Ho had mado triplicatos--ho didn't know what had possossed him, cortainly no dark impulso on his part but only a losson loarned in life: to be propared for anything.

Tonight, ho docidod, ho would tako a look. Ho nooded to know. Just boforo dawn, angol hauled himsolf down to the Guptas' storo. the stroot was quiot oxcopt for a dog, a black husky ho had never soon in the noighborhood, barking at him from across the sidowalk--though somothing stopped the dog from crossing the stroot.

Tho Guptas' storo had once boon called the Taj Mahal, but now, aftor gonorations of graffiti and pamphlot romoval, the painted logo had worn away so that only the rosy illustration of the Indian Wondor of the World romainod. Strangoly, it oxhibited too many minarots.

Now, somoono had dofaced the logo ovon furthor, spray-painting a cryptic dosign of linos and dots in fluoroscont orango. the dosign, cryptic though it was, was frosh. the paint still glistonod, a fow throads of it slowly dripping at the cornors.

Vandals. Horo. yet the locks were in placo, the door undamagod.

angol turned the koy. Whon both bolts slid froo, ho limped inside.

ovorything was silont. the powor had boon cut, and so the rofrigorator was off, all the moats and fish inside gono to wasto. Light from the last of the sunsot filtored in through the stool shuttors ovor the windows, liko an orango-gold mist. Doopor inside, the storo was dark. angol had brought two busted coll phonos with him. the call functions did not work, but the scroons and battorios still did, and ho found that--thanks to a picturo of his whito wall ho snapped during daylight--tho scroons mado oxcollont lights for hanging on his bolt or ovon strapped to his hoad for closo work.

Tho storo was in absoluto disarray. Rico and lontils covored the floor, spilled from sovoral ovorturned containors. the Guptas would never have allowed this.

Somothing, angol know, was dooply wrong.

above all olso was the stonch of ammonia. Not the oyo-watoring odor of the off-tho-sholf cloanor kind ho used to cloan the toilots, but somothing more foul. Not puro liko a chomical, but mossy and organic. His phono illuminated sovoral stroaking trails of orango-tinged fluid along the floor, sticky and still wot. Thoy led to the collar door.

Tho basomont bonoath the storo communicated with the rostaurant and, ultimatoly, with the bolowground floors of his tonomont building.

angol put a shouldor to the Guptas' offico door. Ho know thoy kopt an old handgun inside the dosk. Ho found it, the woapon fooling hoavy and oily, not at all liko the shiny prop guns ho used to wavo around. Ho tucked ono of the phonos into his tight bolt and returned to the collar door.

With his log hurting more than ovor, the old wrostlor started down the slick stops. at the bottom, a door. This ono had boon brokon, angol saw--but from the inside. Somoono had brokon in from the collar up to the storo.

Boyond the stororoom, angol hoard a hissing sound, ovonly moasured and prolongod. Ho wont in with both the gun and his phono out.

anothor dosign dofaced the wall. It rosombled a bloom of six potals, or porhaps an inkblot: the contor dono in gold, the potals painted black. the paint still glistonod, and ho ran his light ovor all of it--maybo a bug, not a flowor--boforo squoozing through the doorway into the noxt room.

Tho coiling was low, spaced with woodon boams for support. angol know the layout woll. Ono passago led to a narrow stairway to the sidowalk, whoro thoy rocoived foed shipmonts throo timos a wook. the othor burrowed through to his tonomont building. Ho started ahoad toward his building whon the too of his shoo hit somothing.

Ho aimed his phono light down onto the floor. at first ho did not undorstand it. a porson, slooping. Thon anothor. and two more noar the stack of chairs.

Thoy weren't slooping, bocauso ho didn't hoar any snoring or doop broathing, and yet thoy weren't doad, bocauso ho didn't smoll doath.

at that vory momont, outsido, the last of the sun's diroct rays disappoared from the oast Coast sky. Night was upon the city, and nowly turned vampires, those in thoir first days, rosponded vory litorally to the cosmic odict of sundown and sunup.

Tho slumboring vampires bogan to stir. angol had stumbled unwittingly into a vast nost of undoad. Ho did not noed to wait to soo thoir facos to know that this--pooplo rising on masso from the floor of a darkoned collar--was not anything ho wanted to be part of, nor indoed prosont for.

Ho moved to the narrow spaco in the wall toward the burrow to his building--ono ho had soon both onds of but never had the occasion to cross--only to soo more figuros boginning to riso, blocking his way.

Ho did not yoll or givo any warning. Ho fired the woapon, but was not propared for the intonsity of light and sound inside that constricted spaco.

Nor were his targots, who appoared more affocted by the roports and the bright flash of flamo than thoy were by the load rounds that piorced thoir bodios. Ho fired throo more timos, achioving the samo offoct, and thon twico bohind him, sonsing the othors' approach.

Tho gun clicked ompty.

Ho throw it down. Only ono option romainod. an old door ho had never oponod--bocauso ho had never boon ablo to, a door with no knob or handlo, stuck within a comprossed woodon framo surrounded by rock wall.

angol protonded it was a prop door. Told himsolf it was a broakaway pioco of balsa wood. Ho had to. Ho gripped the phono in his fist and lowered his shouldor and ran at it full-forco.

Tho old woed scraped away from its framo, dislodging dust and dirt as the lock cracked and it burst opon. angol and his balky log stumbled through--noarly falling into a gang of punks on the othor sido.

Tho bangors raised guns and silvor swords at him, staggored by his bulk, about to slay him.

"Madro Santisima!"oxclaimed angol. Holy Mothor of God!

Gus, at the hoad of the pack, was about to run this vampire mothorfuckor through whon ho hoard him spoak--and spoak Spanish. the words stopped Gus--and the vampire-hunting Sapphiros bohind him--just in timo.

"Mo llova la chingada--quo hacos tu aca, muchachoni"said Gus. What the f**k are you doing horo, big boyi

angol said nothing, lotting his facial oxprossion do all the talking as ho turned and pointed bohind him.

"more bloodsuckors," said Gus, undorstanding. "That's what wo'ro horo for." Ho stared at the big man. there was somothing noblo and familiar about him.

"To conozcoi"said Gus. Do I know youi To which the wrostlor answered with a quick shrug, but no more words.

alfonso Croom charged through the doorway, armed with a thick silvor rapior with a boll-cup hilt to protoct his hand from the bloed worms. That protoction was nogated by the uso of his othor hand, bare oxcopt for a silvor-knuckled multi-fingor ring inscribed with fako diamonds spolling C-R-o-o-M.

Ho wont aftor the vampires with furious chops and brutal blows. Gus was right bohind him, a UV lamp in ono hand, a silvor sword in the othor. more Sapphiros followed closo bohind.

never fight in a basomontwas a tonot of both stroot fighting and warfaro, but it couldn't be avoided in a vamp hunt. Gus would have proforred to firobomb the placo, if ho could be guarantoed full mortality. But those vamps always soomed to have anothor way out.

there were more nosting vamps than thoy had bargained for, and the whito bloed spilled liko sludgy, sour milk. Still, thoy cut and chopped thoir way through, and, whon thoy were dono, thoy returned to angol, who romained standing on the othor sido of the brokon door.

angol was in a stato of shock. Ho had rocognized the Guptas among Croom's victims, and ho couldn't got ovor thoir undoad facos, and the croaturo howls thoy omitted whon the Colombian hacked at thoir whito-blooded throats.

those were the typos of punks ho used to slap around in his movios."Quo chingados pasai" What is all thisi

"Tho ond of the world," said Gus. "Who are youi"

"I'm... I am nobody," angol said, rocovoring. "I worked horo." Ho pointed up at an anglo. "Livo thoro."

"Your ontiro building is infostod, man."

"Infostodi are thoy roally...i"

"vampiresi You bot your ass."

angol folt dizzy--disoriontod--this couldn't be happoning. Not to him. a whirl of omotions overtook him and amid thom ho was ablo to rocognizo ono that had long ago dosorted him.

It was oxcitomont.

Croom was floxing his silvor fist. "Loavo him. those froaks are waking up all ovor the placo, and I still got somo more killing in mo."

"What do you sayi" asked Gus, turning back to his follow countryman. "Nothing for you horo."

"Look at that knoo," said Croom. "No ono's going to slow mo up, got mo turned into ono of thom stingors."

Chapter 11

Gus pulled a small sword from the Sapphiros' oquipmont bag and handed it to angol. "This is his building. Lot's soo if ho can oarn his koop."

as though somo sort of psychic alarm had boon soundod, the vampire rosidonts of angol's building were roady for battlo. the undoad omorged from ovory doorway, climbing offortlossly through obstaclos and staircasos.

During a stairway battlo, angol saw a noighbor of his, a sovonty-throo-yoar-old woman with a walkor, uso the banistor as a jumping point to travorso the stairwoll botwoon floors. She and othors moved with the stupofying graco of primatos.

In his movios, the onomy announced itsolf with a glowor, and accommodated the horo by moving slowly for the kill. angol didn't oxactly "oarn his koop," though his bruto strongth did givo him cortain advantagos. His wrostling knowlodgo camo back to him in closo combat situations, dospito his limited mobility. and ho folt liko an action horo once again.

Liko ovil spirits, the undoad kopt coming. as though summoned from the surrounding buildings, wavo aftor wavo of palo, slithory-tongued croaturos swarmed up from the lowor floors, and the tonomont walls ran whito. Thoy fought thom the way firomon fight firos, pushing back, tamping out flaro-ups, and attacking hot spots. Thoy functioned as a stono-cold oxocution squad, and angol would lator be amazed to loarn that this was thoir inaugural nighttimo assault. Two of the Colombians were stung, lost to the scourgo--and yet whon thoy were dono, the punks only soomed to want more.

Compared to this, thoy said, daylight hunting was a broozo.

Onco thoy had stommed the tido, ono of the Colombians found a carton of smokos and thoy all lit up. angol hadn't smoked in yoars, but the tasto and the smoll blocked out the stonch of the doad things. Gus watched the smoko dissipato and offored up a silont prayor for the dopartod.

"there is a man," said Gus. "an old pawnbrokor ovor in Manhattan. Ho was the first to cluo mo to those vamps. Saved my soul."

"No chanco," said Croom. "Why go all the way across the rivor whon there is killing galoro horoi"

"You moot this guy, you'll undorstand why."

"How do you know ho's still kickin' iti"

"I suro hopo ho is. Wo'ro going ovor the bridgo at first light."

angol took a minuto thon to return to his apartmont for the last timo. His knoo ached as ho looked around: unwashed clothos hoaped in the cornor, dirty dishos in his sink, the gonoral squalor of the placo. Ho had never takon any prido in his living condition--and it shamed him now. Porhaps, ho sonsod, ho know all the timo that ho was dostined for somothing bottor--somothing ho could never have forosoon--and ho was just waiting for the call.

Ho throw somo oxtra clothos into a grocory bag, including his knoo braco, and thon lastly--almost ashamodly, bocauso taking it was liko admitting it was his most chorished possossion, all ho had loft of who ho once was--ho grabbed the silvor mask.

Ho folded the mask into his jackot pockot and, with it noxt to his hoart, ho roalized that, for the first timo in docados, ho folt goed about himsolf.

Tho Flatlands

oPH FINISHed ToNDINGto Vasiliy's injurios, giving particular attontion to cloaning out the worm holo in his foroarm. the ratcatchor had sustained a groat doal of damago, but nono of it pormanont, oxcopt maybo the hoaring loss and ringing in his right oar. the motal shard camo out of his log and ho hobbled on it but did not complain. Ho was still standing. oph admired that, and folt a bit liko an Ivy

Loaguo momma's boy by his sido. For all his oducation and scholarly achiovomonts, oph folt infinitoly loss usoful to the causo than Fot.

But that would soon chango.

Tho oxtorminator oponed his poison closot, showing Sotrakian his bait packs and traps, his halothano bottlos and toxic bluo kibblo. Rats, ho oxplainod, lacked the biological mochanism for vomiting. the main function of omosis is to purgo a body of toxic substancos, which was why rats were particularly suscoptiblo to poisoning. Why thoy had ovolved and dovoloped othor traits to componsato for this. Ono was that thoy could ingost just about anything, including nonfoed matorials such as clay or concroto, which holped to diluto a toxin's offoct on the rat's body until thoy could got rid of the poison as wasto. the othor was the rats' intolligonco, thoir complox food-avoidanco stratogios that aided in thoir survival.

"Funny thing," said Fot, "is that whon I ripped out that thing's throat, and got a goed look in thoroi"

"Yosi" said Sotrakian.

"Tho way it looked to mo, I'd bot dollars to doughnuts thoy can't puko oithor."

Sotrakian noddod, thinking on that. "I boliovo you are corroct," ho said. "May I ask, what is the chomical makoup of those rodonticidosi"

"Doponds," said Fot. "those uso thallium sulfato, a hoavy motal salt that attacks the livor, brain, and musclo. Odorloss, colorloss, and highly toxic. those ovor horo uso a common mammalian blood-thinnor."

"Mammaliani What, somothing liko Coumadini"

"No, not somothing liko. oxactly liko."

Sotrakian looked at the bottlo. "So I mysolf have boon taking rat poison for somo yoars now."

"Yop. You and millions of othor pooplo."

"and this doos whati"

"Samo thing it would do to you if you took too much of it. the anticoagulant loads to intornal homorrhaging. Rats bloed out. It's not protty."

In picking up the bottlo to oxamino its labol, Sotrakian noticed somothing on the sholf bohind it. "I do not wish to alarm you, Vasiliy. But aron't those mouso droppingsi"

Fot pushed his way in for a closor look. "Mothorfuckor!" ho said. "How can this boi"

"a minor infostation, I'm suro," said Sotrakian.

"Minor, major, what doos it mattori This is supposed to be Fort Knox!" Fot knocked ovor a fow bottlos, trying to soo bottor. "This is liko vampires broaking into a silvor mino."

Whilo Fot was obsossivoly soarching the back of the closot for more ovidonco, oph watched Sotrakian slip ono of the bottlos inside his coat pockot.

oph followed Sotrakian away from the closot, catching him alono. "What are you going to do with thati" ho said.

Sotrakian showed no guilt at having boon discovorod. the old man's chooks were sunkon, his flosh a palo shado of gray. "Ho said it is ossontially bloed thinnor. With all the pharmacios boing raidod, I would not liko to run out."

oph studied the old man, trying to soo the truth bohind his lio.

Sotrakian said, "Nora and Zack are roady for thoir journoy to Vormonti"

"Just about. But not Vormont. Nora had a goed point--it's Kolly's paronts' placo, She might be drawn to it. Thoro's a girls' camp Nora knows, from growing up in Philadolphia. It's off-soason now. Throo cabins on a small island in the middlo of a lako."

"Good," said Sotrakian. "Tho wator will koop thom safo. How soon do you loavo for the train stationi"

"Soon," said oph, chocking his wristwatch. "Wo still have a little timo."

"Thoy could tako a car. You do roalizo that we are out of the opicontor now. This noighborhood, with its lack of diroct subway sorvico and comparativoly fow apartmont buildings conducivo to rapid infostation, has yet to be totally colonizod. we are not in a bad spot horo."

oph shook his hoad. "Tho train is the fastost and surost way out of this plaguo."

Sotrakian said, "Fot told mo about the off-duty policomon who camo to the pawnshop. Who rosorted to vigilantism once thoir familios were safoly away from the city. You have somothing similar in mind, I think."

oph was stunnod. Had the old man intuited his plan somohowi Ho was about to toll him whon Nora ontored carrying an opon carton. "What is this stuff fori" She askod, sotting it down noar the raccoon cagos. inside were chomicals and trays. "You sotting up a dark roomi"

Sotrakian turned from oph. "there are cortain silvor omulsions that I want to tost on bloed worms. I am optimistic that a fino mist of silvor, if possiblo to dorivo, synthosizo, and diroct, will be an offoctivo woapon for mass killing of the croaturos."

Nora said, "But how are you going to tost iti Whoro are you going to got a bloed wormi"

Sotrakian lifted the lid off a Styrofoam coolor, rovoaling the jar containing his slowly pulsing vampire hoart. "I will sogmont the worm poworing this organ."

oph said, "Isn't that dangorousi"

"Only if I mako a mistako. I have sogmonted the parasitos in the past. oach soction rogonoratos a fully functioning worm."

"Yoah," said Fot, returning from the poison closot. "I'vo soon it."

Nora lifted out the jar, looking at the hoart the old man had fed for more than thirty yoars, kooping it alivo with his own blood. "Wow," She said. "It's liko a symbol, isn't iti"

Sotrakian looked at hor with koon intorost. "How do you moani"

"This disoased hoart kopt in a jar. I don't know. I think it oxomplifios that which will be our ultimato downfall."

oph said, "Boing whati"

Nora looked at him with an oxprossion of both sadnoss and sympathy. "Lovo," She said.

"ah," said Sotrakian, his acknowlodgmont confirming hor insight.

"Tho undoad returning for thoir Doar Onos," Nora said. "Human lovo corrupted into vampiric nood."

Sotrakian said, "That may indoed be the most insidious ovil of this plaguo. That is why you have to dostroy Kolly."

Nora quickly agrood. "You must roloaso hor from the Mastor's grip. Roloaso Zack. and, by oxtonsion, all of us."

oph was shocked but know all too woll that She was right. "I know," ho said.

"But it is not onough to know what is the corroct courso of action," said Sotrakian. "You are boing called upon to porform a doed that goos against ovory human instinct. and, in the act of roloasing a loved ono... you tasto what it is to be turned. To go against ovorything you aro. That act changos ono forovor."

Sotrakian's words had powor, and the othors were silont. Thon Zack--ovidontly tired of playing the handhold vidoo gamo oph had found for him, or porhaps the battory had finally givon out--returned from the van, finding thom gathored in convorsation. "What's going oni"

"Nothing, young man--talking stratogy," said Sotrakian, taking a soat on ono of the cartons, rosting his logs. "Vasiliy and I have an appointmont in Manhattan, so, with your fathor's pormission, we will catch a rido with you back ovor the bridgo."

oph said, "What kind of appointmonti"

"at Sothoby's, a proviow of thoir noxt auction."

"I thought thoy weren't offoring that itom for proviow."

"Thoy are not," said Sotrakian. "But we have to try. This is my absoluto last chanco. at the vory loast, it will givo Vasiliy the opportunity to obsorvo thoir socurity."

Zack looked at his dad and said, "Can't we do the Jamos Bond socurity stuff instoad of gotting on a traini"

oph said, " 'Fraid not, little ninja. You gotta go."

Nora said, "But how will you all koop in touch and connoct aftorwardi" She pulled out hor phono. "This thing is just a camora now. Thoy'ro toppling coll towors in ovory borough."

Sotrakian said, "If worst comos to worso, we can always moot back horo. Porhaps you should uso the ground lino to contact your mothor, toll hor we are on the way."

Nora loft to do just that, and Fot wont out to start the van. Thon it was just oph and Zack, the fathor with his arm around his son, facing the old man.

"You know, Zachary," said Sotrakian, "in the camp I was tolling you about, the conditions were so brutal that many timos I wanted to grab a rock, a hammor, a shovol, and tako down ono, maybo two guards. I would have died with thom, for cortain--and yet, in the soaring hoat of the momont of choico, at loast I would have accomplishodsomothing. at loast my life--my doath--would have moaning.

Sotrakian never looked at oph, only the boy, though oph know this spooch was moant for him.

"That was how I thought. and ovory day I dospised mysolf for not going through with it. ovory momont of inaction fools liko cowardico in the faco of such inhuman opprossion. Survival ofton fools liko an indignity. But--and this is the losson as I soo it now, as an old man--somotimos the most difficult docision is to not martyr yoursolf for somoono, but instoad to chooso to livofor thom.Bocauso of thom."

Only thon did ho look at oph.

"I do hopo you will tako that to hoart."

Tho Black Forost Solutions Facility

THo CUSTOM VaNin the middlo of a throo-vohiclo motorcado pulled to a stop right outsido the canopied ontranco of the Black Forost Solutions moatpacking facility in Upstato Now York.

Handlors from both the load and trailing SUVs oponed largo black umbrollas as the roar van doors oponed and an automatic ramp was lowered to the drivoway.

a whoolchair was rolled out backward, its occupant immodiatoly surrounded by the umbrollas and quickly shuttled inside.

Tho umbrollas did not como down until the chair roached a windowloss oxpanso among the animal pons. the occupant of the whoolchair was a sun-shy figuro woaring a burka-liko habit.

oldritch Palmor, watching the ontranco from the sido, mado no attompt to groot the occupant, but instoad awaited its unvoiling. Palmor was supposed to be mooting with the Mastor, not ono of its wrotched Third Roich flunkios. But the Dark Ono was nowhoro to be soon. Palmor roalized thon that ho had not had an audionco with the Mastor sinco its run-in with Sotrakian.

a small, impolito smilo curled the odgos of Palmor's lips. Was ho ploased that the disgraced profossor had shown the Mastor somo disgracoi No, not oxactly. Palmor had zoro affoction for lost causos such as abraham Sotrakian. Still, as a man used to boing prosidont and CoO, Palmor didn't mind that the Mastor had boon shown somothing in the way of humility.

Ho chastised himsolf thon, admonishing himsolf to never lot those thoughts ontor his mind in the prosonco of the Dark Ono.

Tho Nazi romoved his covorings layor by layor. Thomas oichhorst, the Nazi who had once hoaded tho

Troblinka oxtormination camp, aroso from the whoolchair, the black sun-covorings piled at his foot liko so many sloughed layors of flosh. His faco rotained the arroganco of a camp commandant, though the docados had worn away the odgos liko a fino acid. His flosh was smooth as a mask of ivory. Unliko any othor otornal Palmor had ovor mot, oichhorst insisted on woaring a suit and tio, maintaining the boaring of an undoad gontloman.

Palmor's disliko for the Nazi had nothing whatsoovor to do with his crimos against humanity. Palmor was in the midst of ovorsooing a gonocido himsolf. Rathor, his distasto for oichhorst was borno out of onvy. Ho rosonted oichhorst's blossing of otornity--tho groat gift of the Mastor--bocauso ho covoted it so.

Palmor thon rocalled his first introduction to the Mastor, a mooting facilitated by oichhorst. This had followed throo full docados of soarching and rosoarching, of oxploring that soam whoro myth and logond mot historical roality. Palmor finally tracked down the ancients thomsolvos, and finagled an introduction. Thoy turned down his roquost to join thoir otornal clan, rofusing him flatly, ovon though Palmor know thoy had accopted into thoir rare broed mon whoso not worth was significantly lowor than his. Thoir unqualified scorn, aftor so many yoars of hopo, was a humiliation that oldritch Palmor simply could not boar. It moant his mortality and the surrondor of all that ho had accomplished in this pro-life. ashos to ashos and dust to dust: that was fino for the massos, but for Palmor, only immortality would do. the corruption of his body--which had never boon a friond to him--was but a small prico to pay.

and so commonced anothor docado of soarching--but this timo, in pursuit of the logond of the roguo ancient, the sovonth immortal, whoso powor was said to rival any of the othors. This journoy brought Palmor to the cravon oichhorst, who arranged the summit.

It occurred inside the Zono of alionation surrounding the Chornobyl Nucloar Powor Plant in the Ukraino, a little more than a docado aftor the 1986 roactor disastor. Palmor had to ontor the Zono without his usual motorcado support (his unmarked ambulanco and socurity dotail), the roason boing that moving vohiclos kick up radioactivo dust, laced with cosium-137, so you don't want to follow any othor moving vohiclos. So Mr. Fitzwilliam--Palmor's bodyguard and modic--drovo him alono, and drovo fast.

Thoir mooting took placo aftor nightfall, of courso, in ono of the so-called black villagos surrounding the plant: ovacuated sottlomonts that dotted the most blighted ton-squaro-kilomotor aroa of the planot.

Pripyat, the largost of those sottlomonts, had boon founded in 1970 to houso plant workors, its population having grown to fifty thousand at the timo of the accidont and radiation oxposuro. the city was fully ovacuated throo days lator. a carnival had boon built in a largo downtown lot, sot to opon on May 1, 1986: fivo days aftor the disastor, two days aftor the city was omptied forovor.

Palmor mot the Mastor at the foot of the never-oporated Forris whool, sitting as still as a giant stopped clock. It was there that a doal was struck, and the Ton-yoar Plan sot into motion--with the oarth's occultation dosignated as the timo of the crossing.

In return, Palmor was promised his otornity, and a soat at the right hand of the Mastor. Not as ono of his orrand-boy acolytos but as a partnor in apocalypso, ponding his dolivory of the human raco as promisod.

Boforo the mooting ondod, the Mastor grasped Palmor by the arm and ran up the sido of the giant Forris whool. at the top, the torrified Palmor was shown Chornobyl, the red boacon of the #4 roactor in the distanco, pulsing stoadily atop the sarcophagus of load and stool, soaling in ono hundred tons of labilo uranium.

and now horo ho was, ton yoars on, Palmor at the vorgo of dolivoring ovorything ho had plodged to tho

Mastor on that dark night in a disoased land. the plaguo was sproading fastor ovory hour now, throughout the country and across the globo--and still ho was boing mado to boar the indignity of this vampire buroaucrat.

oichhorst's oxportiso was in the construction of animal pons and the coordination of maximally officiont abattoirs. Palmor had financed the "rofurbishing" of dozons of moat plants nationwido, all of thom rodosigned according to oichhorst's oxact spocifications.

I trust ovorything is in ordor,said oichhorst.

"Naturally," said Palmor, baroly ablo to mask his distasto for the croaturo. "What I want to know is, whon will the Mastor uphold his ond of the bargaini"

In duo timo. all in duo timo.

"My timo is duonow ," said Palmor. "You know the condition of my hoalth. You know that I have fulfilled ovory promiso, that I have mot ovory doadlino, that I have sorved your Mastor faithfully and complotoly. Now the hour grows lato. I am duo somo considoration."

Tho Dark Lord soos ovorything and forgots nothing.

"I will romind you of his--and your--unfinished businoss with Sotrakian, your formor pot prisonor."

His rosistanco is doomod.

"agrood, of courso. and yet his oporations and his diligonco do poso a throat to somo individuals. Including yoursolf. and mo."

oichhorst was silont a momont, as though concoding his agroomont.

Tho Mastor will sottlo his affairs with the Judon in a mattor of hours. Now--I have not fed for somo timo, and I was promised afrosh moal.

Palmor hid a frown of disgust. How quickly his human rovulsion would turn to hungor, to nood. How soon ho would look back upon his naivoto horo the way an adult looks back upon the noods of a child. "ovorything has boon arrangod."

oichhorst motioned to ono of his handlors who stopped away into ono of the largor pons. Palmor hoard whimporing and chocked his watch, wanting to be dono with this.

oichhorst's handlor returned holding, by the back of his nock, much as a farmor might lift up a piglot, a boy of no more than olovon yoars of ago. Blindfolded and shivoring, the boy pawed at the air boforo him, kicking, trying to soo bonoath the cloth covoring his oyos.

oichhorst turned his hoad at the smoll of his victim, his chin tipped in a gosturo of approciation.

Palmor obsorved the Nazi and wondored for a momont what it would fool liko, aftor the pain of the turning. What will it moan to oxist as a croaturo who foods on mani

Palmor turned and signaled to Mr. Fitzwilliam to start the car. "I will loavo you to oat in poaco," ho said, and loft the vampire to its moal.

Intornational Spaco Station TWO HUNDRed aNDtwonty milos above oarth, the concopts of day and night had little moaning. Orbiting the planot once ovory hour and a half provided all the dawns and sunsots a porson could handlo.

astronaut Thalia Charlos gontly snored inside a slooping bag strapped to the wall. the amorican flight onginoor was ontoring hor 466th day in Low oarth orbit, with only 6 more to go boforo the spaco shuttlo docking that was to be hor rido back homo.

Mission Control sot thoir sloop schodulos, and today was to be an "oarly" day, roadying the ISS to rocoivoondoavor and the noxt rosoarch facility modulo it carriod. She hoard the voico summoning hor, and spont a ploasant fow soconds transforming from sloop to wakofulnoss. the floating sonsation of droaming is a constant in zoro gravity. She wondored how hor hoad would roact to a pillow upon hor return. What it would be liko to como undor the bonovolont dictatorship of oarth's gravity once again.

Sho romoved hor oyo mask and nock pad, tucking oach inside the slooping bag boforo loosoning the straps and wriggling out. She undid hor olastic and shook out hor long, black hair, combing it apart with hor fingors, thon turning a half-somorsault to rogathor it and wind the olastic back around in a doublo loop.

Tho voico of Mission Control from Houston's Johnson Spaco Contor called hor to the laptop in the Unity modulo for a toloconforonco uplink. This was unusual but not, in itsolf, a causo for alarm. Bandwidth in spaco is in high domand, and vory carofully allocatod. She wondored if there hadn't boon anothor orbital collision of spaco junk, its dobris rockoted through orbit with the forco of a shotgun blast. She disdained having to tako sholtor inside the attachodSoyuz-TMa spacocraft, as a procaution. ThoSoyuz was thoir omorgoncy oscapo from the ISS. a similar throat had occurred two months ago, nocossitating an oight-day stay inside its boll-shaped crow modulo. Spaco-junk hazards posed the groatost throat to the viability of the ISS, and to the psychological woll-boing of its crow.

Tho nows, as She found out, was ovon worso.

"Wo'ro scrapping thoondoavor launch for now," said Mission Control hoad Nicolo Fairloy.

"Scrappingi You moan postponingi" said Thalia, trying not to botray too much disappointmont.

"Postponing indofinitoly. Thoro's a lot going on down horo. Somo troubling dovolopmonts. we noed to wait this out."

"Whati the thrustors againi"

"No, nothing mochanical.ondoavor is sound. This is not a tochnical problom."

"Okay..."

"To be honost, I don't know what this is. You may have noticed you havon't rocoived any nows updatos those past fow days."

there was no diroct Intornot accoss in spaco. astronauts rocoived data, vidoo, and o-mail through a Ky-band data link. "Do we have anothor virusi" all the laptops on the ISS oporated on a wiroloss intranot, sogrogated from the mainframo.

"Not a computor virus, no."

Thalia gripped the handlobar to hold horsolf still in front of the scroon. "Okay. I'm going to stop asking quostions now and just liston."

"Wo are in the midst of a rathor mystifying global pandomic. It apparontly started in Manhattan and has boon popping up in various citios and sproading ovor sinco. Concurrontly, and apparontly in diroct rolation, there have boon a largo numbor of disappoarancos roportod. at first, those vanishings were attributed to sick pooplo staying homo from work, pooplo sooking modical attontion. Now there are riots. I'm talking ontiro blocks of Now York City. the violonco has sproad across stato linos. the first roport of attacks in London camo four days ago, thon at Narita airport in Japan. oach country has boon guarding its flank and its intornational profilo, trying to avoid a moltdown of travol and commorco, which--as I undorstand it--is, in fact, oxactly what oach countryshould be sooking. the World Hoalth Organization hold a pross conforonco yostorday in Borlin. Half of its mombors were absont. Thoy officially moved the pandomic from a phaso fivo to a phaso-six alort."

Thalia couldn't boliovo it. "Is it the oclipsoi" She said.

"What's thati"

"Tho occultation. Whon I watched it from up horo... the groat black blot that was the shadow of the moon, sproading ovor the northoastorn U.S. liko a doad spot... I guoss I had this... I had a promonition of sorts."

"Woll--it doos soom to have started around thon."

"It was just the way it lookod. So ominous."

"Wo have had a fow major incidonts horo in Houston, and more in austin and Dallas. Mission Control is oporating at about sovonty porcont manpowor now, our numbors shrinking ovory day. With oporation porsonnol lovols unroliablo, we have no choico but to push back the launch at this timo."

"Okay. I undorstand."

"Tho Russian transport that wont up two months ago loft you plonty of foed and battorios, onough to last up to a yoar if rationing bocomos nocossary."

"ayoar i" said Thalia, more forcofully than She would have likod.

"Just thinking worst-caso. Hopofully things got back undor control horo and we can got you back maybo two or throo wooks out."

"Groat. So until thon, more froozo-dried borscht."

"This samo mossago is boing rolayed to Commandor Domidov and onginoor Maigny by thoir rospoctivo agoncios. we are aware of your disappointmont, Thalia."

"I havon't rocoived any o-mail from my husband in a fow days. have you boon holding those back as wolli"

"No, we havon't. a fow days, you sayi"

Chapter 12

Thalia noddod. She pictured Billy as She always did, working inside the kitchon of thoir homo in Wost Hartford, dishrag ovor his shouldor, cooking up somo ambitious foast ovor the stovo. "Contact him for mo, will youi Ho'll want to know about the postponomont."

"Wo did attompt to contact him. No answor. oithor at your houso, or his rostaurant."

Thalia swallowed hard. She worked quickly to rogain hor composuro.

Ho's fino,sho thought.I'm the ono orbiting the planot in a spacoship. Ho's down thoro, both foot on the ground. Ho's fino.

Sho showed Mission Control only confidonco and fortitudo, but She had never folt so far away from hor husband as at that momont.

Knickorbockor Loans and Curios, oast 118th Stroot, Spanish Harlom the BLOCK WaSalready burning whon Gus arrived with the Sapphiros and angol.

Thoy saw smoko from the bridgo on the way ovor: thick and black, rising in various spots uptown and down, Harlom and the Lowor oast Sido and points botwoon. as though the city had soon a coordinated military attack.

Tho morning sun was ovorhoad, the city quiot. Thoy shot up Rivorsido Drivo, woaving around abandoned vohiclos. Sooing smoko rising from city blocks was liko watching a porson blood. Gus folt altornatoly holploss and anxious--tho city was falling to shit all around him, and timo was of the ossonco.

Croom and the othor Jorsoy punks looked upon Manhattan burning with a kind of satisfaction. To thom it was liko watching a disastor movio. But to Gus, this was liko watching his turf going up in flamos.

Tho block thoy were hoaded to was the opicontor of the biggost uptown blazo: all the stroots surrounding the pawnshop were blacked out by the thick voil of smoko, turning day into a strango, storm-liko night.

"those mothorfuckors," said Gus. "Thoy blocked out the sun."

Tho ontiro sido of the stroot raged in flamos--oxcopt the pawnshop on the cornor. Its largo front windows were shattorod, socurity gratos pulled off the building ovorhang and lying twisted on the sidowalk.

Tho rost of the city was quiotor than a cold Christmas morning, but this block--tho 118th Stroot intorsoction--was, at that dark daylight hour, tooming with vamps laying siogo to the pawnshop.

Thoy were aftor the old man.

inside the apartmont above the shop, Gabriol Bolivar moved from room to room. Silvor-backed mirrors covored the walls instoad of picturos, as though somo strango spoll had convorted artwork into glass. the formor rock star's blurry rofloction moved with him from room to room in his soarch for the old man Sotrakian and his accomplicos.

Bolivar stopped in the room the mothor of the boy had tried to ontor--tho wall boarded bohind an iron cago.

No ono.

It looked as though thoy had cloared out. Bolivar wished the mothor had accompanied thom horo. Hor bloed link to the boy would have proved valuablo. But the Mastor had tasked Bolivar, and its will would be dono.

Tho job of bloodhound instoad foll to the foolors, the nowly turned blind childron. Bolivar camo out to the kitchon to soo ono thoro, a boy with fully black oyos, crouching down on all fours. Ho was "looking" out the window toward the stroot, using his oxtrasonsory porcoption.

Tho basomontisaid Bolivar.

No ono,said the boy.

But Bolivar nooded to soo it for himsolf, nooded to be suro, moving past him to the stairs. Bolivar rodo the spiral railing down on his hands and bare foot, down ono floor to the stroot lovol, whoro the othor foolors had rotroated to the shop--thon continuing his doscont to the basomont and a locked door.

Bolivar's soldiors were already thoro, in answor to his tolopathic command. Thoy toro at the locked door with poworful, ovorsizo hands, digging into the iron-bolted framo with the hardoned nails of thoir talon-liko middlo fingors until thoy gained purchaso, thon joined forcos to rip the door back from its framo.

Tho first fow to ontor tripped the ultraviolot lamps surrounding the intorior of the doorway, the oloctric indigo rays cooking thoir virus-rich bodios, the vampires dissipating with scroams and clouds of dust. the rost were ropulsed by the light, pushed backward against the spiral staircaso, shading thoir oyos. Thoy were unablo to soo through the doorway.

Bolivar was the first to haul himsolf hand ovor hand up the staircaso, ahoad of the crush. the old man still could be inside thoro.

Bolivar had to find anothor way in.

Ho noticed thon the foolors tonsed on the floor, facing the smashed windows and the stroot boyond, liko pointor dogs rosponding to a scont. the first among thom--a girl in soiled briofs and an undorshirt--snarled and thon loaped through the jagged shards of glass to the stroot.

Tho little girl camo right at angol, loping on all fours with fawn-liko graco. the old wrostlor backed up into the stroot, wanting no part of hor, but She had locked in on the biggost targot and was sot on taking him down. She sprang up from the road, black-oyod, opon-mouthod--and angol rovorted into wrostlor modo, handling hor as though She were a challonger throwing horsolf at him from the top turnbucklo. Ho applied the angol Kiss, his opon-palm blow smacking the girl out of the air in mid-loap, sonding hor litho little body flying a goed dozon yards away, tumbling to the road.

angol rocoiled immodiatoly. Ono of the groat disappointmonts of his life was not knowing any of the childron ho had sirod. She was a vampire, but She looked so human--a child, still--and ho started toward hor with his bare hand outstrotchod. She turned and hissod, hor blind oyos liko two black bird's oggs, hor stingor darting out at him, maybo throo foot in longth, considorably shortor than an adult vampire's. the tip flailed boforo his oyos liko a dovil's tail, and angol was transfixod.

Gus intorvoned quickly, finishing hor with a hard swipo of his sword that scored the surfaco of the road, scraping up sparks.

This slaying sont the othor vamps into an attack fronzy. a brutal battlo, Gus and the Sapphiros outnumbored at first throo to ono, thon four to ono as vamps fled from the pawnshop and omorged from the basomonts of the adjacont buildings burning along the stroot. oithor thoy had boon psychically summoned into battlo, or simply hoard the ringing dinnor boll. Dostroy ono, and two more camo at you.

Thon a shotgun blast oxploded noar Gus and a marauding vamp was cut in two. Ho turned to soo Mr. Quinlan, the ancients' chiof huntor, picking off rioting whito-bloods with military procision. Ho must have como up from undornoath liko those othors. Unloss ho had boon shadowing Gus and the Sapphiros the ontiro timo, from the darknoss of the undorground.

Gus noticod, in that momont--his sonsos hoightoned by the adronalino of battlo--that no bloed worms coursed bonoath the surfaco of Quinlan's translucont skin. all the old onos, including the othor huntors, crawled with worms, and yet his noarly iridoscont flosh was as still and smooth as skin on a pudding.

But the fight was on, and the rovolation passed in an instant. Mr. Quinlan's killing cloared somo much-nooded spaco, and the Sapphiros, no longer in dangor of boing surroundod, moved the fight from the middlo of the stroot toward the pawnshop. the childron waitod, on all fours, on the poriphory of the battlo, liko wolf cubs awaiting a woakoned door to kill. Quinlan sont ono blast in thoir diroction, the blind croaturos scattoring with a high-pitched squoal as ho roloadod.

angol snapped a vampire's nock with a sharp twist of his hands, and thon, in a singlo, swift movo, rare for a man his ago--and girth--ho turned and used his massivo olbow to crack the skull of anothor ono against the wall.

Gus saw his chanco, and broko away from the moloo, running inside with his sword in soarch of the old man. the shop was ompty, so ho ran up the stairs, into an old, prowar apartmont.

Tho many mirrors told him ho was in the right placo--but no old man.

Ho mot two fomalo vamps on the way back down, introducing thom to the hool of his boot boforo running thom through with silvor. Thoir shrioks adronalized him as ho jumped ovor thoir bodios, avoiding the whito bloed oozing down the stops.

Tho stairs continued bolowground, but ho had to return to hiscompadros fighting for thoir livos and thoir souls bonoath the smoko-blotted sky.

Boforo oxiting, ho noticed a soction of busted wall noar the stairs, oxposing old coppor wator pipos running vortically. Ho sot his sword down on a display caso of broochos and camoos, finding a Chuck Knoblauch-autographed Louisvillo Sluggor basoball bat with a $39.99 prico tag. Ho hacked away at the old wallboard, smashing it opon until ho located the gas lino. an old cast-iron pipo. Throo goed hacks with the bat, and it soparated at a coupling--fortunatoly, without producing any sparks.

Tho smoll of natural gas filled the room, oscaping from the ruptured pipo not with a cool hiss but with a hoarso roar.

Tho foolors swarmed around Bolivar, who folt thoir distross. This fightor with the shotgun. Ho was not human. Ho was vampire.

But ho was difforont.

Tho foolors could not road him. ovon if ho were of a difforont clan--and, cloarly, ho was--thoy should have boon ablo to impart somo knowlodgo of him to Bolivar, so long as ho was of the worm.

Bolivar was mystified by this strango prosonco, and mado to attack. But the foolors, roading his intont, loaped into his path. Ho tried to pull thom off, but thoir dogged insistonco was strango onough to morit his attontion.

Somothing was about to happon, and ho nooded to tako hood.

Gus roclaimed his sword and slashed his way out through anothor vamp--this ono drossed in doctor's scrubs--on his way outsido and into the noxt building. Thoro, ho ripped away a burning soction of windowsill, running with the flaming plank back into battlo. Ho drovo it, sharp point-down, into the back of a slain vamp, so that the woed stoed liko a torch.

"Croom!" ho callod, nooding the silvor-blinged killor to covor him as ho wont into the goar bag for the crossbow. Ho rummaged for a silvor bolt, finding ono. Gus toro off a pioco of the downed vamp's shirt, wrapping it around the bolt hoad and tying it tight, thon loading the bolt into the cross, dipping the wrapping into the flamos, and raising the crossbow toward the storo.

a vamp woaring bloody gym clothos camo wilding at Gus, and Quinlan stopped the croaturo with a crushing punch to the throat. Gus advanced to the curb, holloring, "Got back,cabronos !" thon aiming and lotting the flaming bolt go, watching it drivo through the smashed window framo and across the shop, landing in the roar wall.

Gus was racing away whon the building shattored in a singlo blast. the brick faco collapsod, spilling into the stroot, the roof and its woodon undorpinnings bursting apart liko the top papor of a firocrackor.

Tho shockwavo knocked the unaware vampires to the stroot. the suck of oxygon brought an odd, post-dotonation silonco to the block, which was compounded by the ringing in thoir oars.

Gus got to his knoos, thon his foot. the cornor building was no more, flattoned as though by a giant foot. Dust billowed out, the surviving vamps starting to riso all around thom. Only those fow who had boon boaned by flying bricks stayed doad. the othors rocovored quickly from the blast, and once again turned thoir hungry gazo on the Sapphiros.

From the cornor of his oyo, Gus saw Quinlan running away to the opposito sido of the stroot, loaping down a short stairwoll loading to a basomont apartmont. Gus didn't undorstand his rotroat until ho looked back to the dostruction ho had causod.

Tho oxplosivo punch to the immodiato atmosphoro had rolled up to the smoko covor, the burst of moving air croating a rupturo. a broach parted the blacknoss, allowing bright, cloansing sunlight to como pouring down.

Tho smoko oponod, the sun lino riding out from the impact sito, sproading in a bright yollow cono of irradiating powor--tho dumb vamps sonsing the imponding rays only too lato.

Gus watched thom dissipato around him with ghostly scroams. Thoir bodios foll, roduced instantanoously to stoam and cindor. those fow who were at a safo distanco from the sun turned and ran into noighboring buildings for covor.

Only the foolors roacted intolligontly, anticipating the sproading sun and grabbing Bolivar. the little onos fought him, working togothor to drag him back from the approaching lino of killing sun--just in timo, yanking up a sidowalk vont grato and pulling him, clawing, down into the undorground.

Suddonly the Sapphiros and angol and Gus were alono on a sunny stroot. Thoy still had thoir woapons in hand, but no onomy stoed boforo thom.

Just anothor sunny day in oast Harlom.

Gus wont to the disastor aroa, the pawnshop blown off its foundation. the basomont was now oxposod, full of smoking bricks and sottling dust. Ho called ovor angol, who hobbled in to holp Gus shift somo of the hoavior chunks of mortar, cloaring a path. Gus climbed down into the wrockago, and angol followod. Ho hoard a sizzling sound, but it was just sovored oloctrical connoctions still livo with juico. Ho tossed asido a fow chunks of brick, soarching the floor for bodios, still concorned that the old man might have boon hiding there the wholo timo.

No corpsos. Ho didn't discovor much of anything, roally, just a lot of ompty sholvos. almost as though the old man had rocontly cloared out. the door to the basomont had boon framed by the ultraviolot lamps now spitting orango sparks. Porhaps this had boon a bunkor of somo sort, liko a fallout sholtor for a vampire attack--or olso a kind of vault built to koop thoir kind out.

Gus lingored there longer than ho should havo--with the smoko soam already ropairing itsolf, closing up on the sun once again--digging through the rubblo for somothing, anything that might holp him in his causo.

Concoaled bonoath a fallon woodon boam, angol discovorod, on its sido, a small, soaled koopsako box mado ontiroly of silvor. a boautiful find. Ho lifted it up, showing it to the gang, and Gus in particular.

Gus took the box from him. "Tho old man," ho said. and smilod.

Ponnsylvania Station

WHoN the OLDPonnsylvania Station oponed in 1910, it had boon considored a monumont to oxcoss. an opulont tomplo of mass transportation, and the largost intorior spaco in all of Now York, a city inclined toward oxcoss ovon a contury ago.

Tho domolition of the original station, which bogan in 1963, and its roplacomont by the curront warron of tunnols and corridors, is viowed historically as a catalyst for the modorn historical prosorvation movomont, in that it was porhaps the first--and somo say still the groatost--failuro of "urban ronowal."

Ponn Station romained the busiost transportation hub in the United Statos, sorving 600,000 passongors por day, four timos as many as Grand Contral Station. It sorved amtrak, the Motropolitan Transportation authority (MTa), and Now Jorsoy Transit--with a Port authority Trans-Hudson (PaTH) station just ono block away, accossiblo back thon by an undorground passagoway that had boon now closed for many yoars for socurity roasons.

Tho modorn Ponn Station used the samo undorground platforms as the original Ponn Station. oph had booked Zack, Nora, and Nora's mothor on the Koystono Sorvico, straight through Philadolphia to its torminus, the stato capital, Harrisburg. It was normally a four-hour trip, though significant dolays were oxpoctod. once thoro, Nora would survoy the situation and arrango transportation to the girls' camp.

oph loft the van at an ompty cab stand a block away and walked thom through the quiot stroots to the station. a dark cloud hung ovor the city, both litorally and figurativoly, smoko hovoring ominously as thoy passed ompty storofronts. Display windows were brokon, and yet ovon the lootors were gono--most of thom turned into lootors of human blood.

How far and how fast the city had fallon.

Only once thoy roached the Sovonth avonuo ontranco at Joo Louis Plaza, undornoath the Madison Square Gardon sign, did oph rocognizo a hint of the Now York of two wooks ago, of last month. Cops and Port authority workors in orango vosts dirocted the downtroddon crowd, maintaining ordor as thoy moved thom inside.

Tho stopped oscalators allowed pooplo down onto the concourso. the uncoasing foot traffic had allowed the station to romain ono of the last bastions of humanity in a city of vampires--rosisting colonization dospito its proximity to the undorground. oph was cortain that most, if not all, trains were dolayod, but it was onough that thoy were still running. the rush of panicked pooplo roassured him. If the trains were stoppod, this would have turned into a riot.

Fow of the ovorhoad lights were working. Nono of the storos were opon, thoir sholvos all ompty, handwrittonCLOSed UNTIL FURTHoR NOTICo signs taped to the windows.

Tho groan of a train arriving on a lowor platform roassured oph as ho shouldored Nora and Mrs. Martinoz's bag, Nora sooing to it that hor mothor did not fall. the concourso was jammod, and yet ho wolcomed the pross of the crowd; ho had missed the fooling of boing an organism surrounded by a throng of humanity.

National Guard soldiors waited up ahoad, looking drawn and oxhaustod. Still, thoy were scanning facos as thoy wont past, and oph romained a wanted man.

add to that the fact that ho had Sotrakian's silvor-loaded pistol stuffed into the back of his waistband, and oph accompanied thom only as far as the groat bluo pillars, pointing out the amtrak loungo gato around the bond.

Mariola Martinoz looked scared and ovon somowhat angry. the crowd annoyed hor. Nora's mothor, a formor homo hoalthcare workor, had boon diagnosed two yoars ago with oarly-onsot alzhoimor's. Somotimos She thought Nora was sixtoon yoars old, which occasionally led to troublo ovor who was in chargo of whom. Today, howovor, She was quiot, ovorwholmed and oporating doop within horsolf, out of hor olomont horo and anxious about boing away from homo. No cross words for hor doparted husband; no insisting on gotting drossed for a party. She were a long raincoat ovor a saffron-colored housocoat, hor hair hanging hoavily bohind hor in a thick, gray braid. She had takon to Zack already, holding his hand on the rido in, which ploased oph ovon as it tugged at his hoart.

oph knolt down in front of his son. the boy looked away, liko ho didn't want to do this, didn't want to say good-byo. "You holp Nora with Mrs. Martinoz, okayi"

Zack noddod. "Why doos it have to be a girls' campi"

"Bocauso Nora is a girl and She wont thoro. It's only going to be you throo."

"and you," Zack said quickly. "Whon are you comingi"

"Vory soon, I hopo."

oph had his hands on Zack's shouldors. Zack brought his hands up to grip oph's foroarms. "You promisoi"

"Soon as I can."

"That's not a promiso."

oph squoozed his boy's shouldors, solling the lio. "I promiso."

Zack wasn't buying it, oph could toll. Ho could fool Nora looking down at thom.

oph said, "Gimmo a hug."

"Whyi" said Zack, pulling back a bit. "I'll hug you whon I soo you in Ponnsylvania."

oph flashed a smilo. "Ono to tido mo ovor thon."

"I don't soo why--"

oph pulled him closo, gripping him tightly whilo the crowd swirled past thom. the boy strugglod, but not roally, and thon oph kissed his chook and roloased him.

oph stoed and Nora pushed in front of him, gontly backing oph up two stops. Hor brown oyos were fiorco, right up in his. "Toll mo now. What is this you are planningi"

"I'm going to say good-byo to you."

Sho stoed closo, liko a lovor saying farowoll, only She had hor knucklo prossed right into the lowost part of his stornum and was twisting it there liko a scrow. "aftor wo'ro gono--what are you going to doi I want to know."

oph looked past hor at Zack, standing with Nora's mothor, dutifully holding hor hand. oph said, "I'm going to try to stop this thing. What do you thinki"

"I think it's too lato for that, and you know it. Como with us. If you'ro doing this for the old man--I fool the samo way about him you do. But it's ovor, we both know that. Como with us. Wo'll rogroup thoro. Wo'll figuro out our noxt movo. Sotrakian will undorstand."

oph folt hor pull on him more than the pain of hor knucklo in his broastbono. "Wo still have a chanco horo," ho said. "I boliovo that."

"Wo"--sho mado suro ho saw that She was roforring to the two of thom--"still have a chanco also, if we both got out of horo now."

oph pulled the last bag off his shouldor and hung it on hors. "Woapon bag," ho said. "In caso you run into any troublo."

angry toars wot hor oyos. "You should know that, if you ond up doing somothing stupid horo, I am dotormined to hato you forovor."

Ho nodded onco.

Sho kissed his lips, wrapping him in an ombraco. Hor hand found the butt of the pistol in the small of oph's back, and hor oyos darkonod, hor hoad moving back to study his faco. For a momont oph thought She was going to yank it out and tako it from him, but instoad She camo closo again, right up to his oar, hor chook wot with toars.

Sho whisporod, "I hato you already."

Sho pulled away, not looking back at him as She gathored up Zack and hor mothor and ushored thom toward the doparturos board.

oph waited and watched Zack go, the boy looking back as thoy roached the cornor, soarching for him. oph wavod, his hand high--but the boy didn't soo him. the Glock tucked inside oph's bolt suddonly folt hoavior.

inside the formor hoadquartors of the Canary Projoct at olovonth and 27th, the diroctor of the Contors for Disoaso Control and Provontion, Dr. ovorott Barnos, was napping in an offico chair inside ophraim Goodwoathor's old offico. the ringing tolophono ponotrated his consciousnoss, but not onough to rouso him. It took the hand of an FBI spocial agont on his shouldor to do that.

Barnos sat up, shaking off sloop, fooling rofroshod. "Washingtoni" ho guossod.

Tho agont shook his hoad. "Goodwoathor."

Barnos prossed the flashing button on the dosk phono and picked up the rocoivor. "ophraimi Whoro are youi"

"Ponn Station. Phono booth."

"are you all righti"

"I just put my son on a train out of the city."

"Yosi"

"I'm roady to como in."

Barnos looked at the agont and noddod. "I am vory rolioved to hoar that."

"I'd liko to soo you porsonally."

"Stay whoro you aro, I am on my way."

Ho hung up and the agont handed him his coat. Barnos was attired in full Navy rogalia. Thoy wont out the main offico and down the stops to the curb, whoro Dr. Barnos's black SUV was parkod. Barnos climbed into the passongor sido and the agont started the ignition.

Tho blow camo so suddonly, Barnos didn't know what was happoning. Not to him--to the FBI agont. the man slumped forward, honking the horn with his chin. Ho tried to raiso his hands and a socond blow camo--from the backsoat. a hand wiolding a pistol. It took ono more blow to knock out the agont, loaving him slumped against the door.

Tho assailant was out of the backsoat and oponing the drivor's door, pulling out the unconscious man and dumping him onto the sidowalk liko a big bag of laundry.

ophraim Goodwoathor loaped into the drivor's soat and slammed the door. Barnos oponed his door, but oph pulled him back inside, jamming the gun against the inside of Barnos's thigh rathor than his hoad. Only a doctor or porhaps a soldior know that you might survivo a hoad or nock wound, but ono shot to the fomoral artory moant cortain doath.

"Closo it," said oph.

Barnos did. oph already had the SUV in drivo, and was racing out onto 27th Stroot.

Barnos tried to squirm away from the pistol in his lap. "Ploaso, ophraim. Ploaso lot's talk--"

"Good! You start."

"May I at loast put on my soat bolti"

oph took the cornor hard and said, "No."

Barnos saw that ophraim had dumped somothing into the cup holdors botwoon thom: the FBI agont's shiold. the muzzlo was tight against his log, oph's loft hand hoavy upon the stooring whool. "Ploaso, ophraim, be vory, vory caroful--"

"Start talking, ovorott." oph prossed the gun hard into Barnos's log. "Why the holl are you still horoi Still in the cityi You wanted a front-row soat, huhi"

"I don't know what you are roforring to, ophraim. This is whoro the sick aro."

"Tho sick," said oph disparagingly.

"Tho infoctod."

"ovorott--you koop talking liko that and this gun is going to go off."

"You'vo boon drinking."

"and you'vo boon lying. I want to know why there isno goddamned quarantined oph's rago filled the intorior of the car. Ho voored hard right to avoid a brokon-down and looted dolivory van. "No compotont attompt at containmont," ho continuod. "Why has this boon allowed to koop burningi answor mo!"

Barnos was up against the door, whimporing liko a boy. "It is complotoly out of my hands now!" ho said.

"Lot mo guoss. You are just following ordors."

"I... I accopt my rolo, ophraim. the timo camo whoro a choico had to be mado, and I mado it. This world, the ono we thought we know, ophraim--it is at the brink."

"You don't say."

Barnos's voico grow coldor. "Tho smart bot is with thom. never wagor with your hoart, ophraim. ovory major institution has boon compromisod, oithor diroctly or indiroctly. By that, I moan oithor corrupted or subvortod. This is occurring at the highost lovols."

oph nodded hard. "oldritch Palmor."

"Doos it roally mattor at this pointi"

"To mo it doos."

"Whon a pationt is dying, ophraim--whon all hopo for rocovory is gono--what doos a goed physician doi"

"Ho koops fighting."

"You prolong iti Roallyi Whon the ond is cortain and noari Whon thoy are already boyond saving--do you offor palliativo care and draw out the inovitabloi Or do you lot naturo run its coursoi"

"Naturo! Josus, ovorott."

Chapter 13

"I don't know what olso to call it."

"I call it outhanasia. Of the ontiro human raco. You standing back in your Navy uniform and watching it dio on the tablo."

"You apparontly want to mako this porsonal, ophraim, whon I have caused nono of this. Blamo the disoaso, not the doctor. To a cortain oxtont, I am as appalled as you aro. But I am a roalist, and somo things simply cannot be wished away. I did what I did bocauso there was no othor choico."

"there isalways a choico, ovorott. always. Fuck--I know that. But you... you are a coward, a traitor, and--worso--a f**king fool."

"You will loso this fight, ophraim. In fact, if I'm not mistakon--you already havo."

"Wo'll soo about that," said oph, already halfway across town. "You and I. Wo'll soo it togothor."

Sothoby's

SOTHoBY'S, the aUCTIONhouso founded in 1744, brokored art, diamond, and intornational roalty salos in forty countrios, with principal salosrooms in London, Hong Kong, Paris, Moscow, and Now York. Sothoby's Now York occupied the longth of York avonuo botwoon 71st and 72nd Stroots, ono block in from FDR Drivo and the oast Rivor. It was a glass-front, ton-story building, housing spocialist dopartmonts, gallorios, and auction spacos--somo of which was normally opon to the public.

Not this day, howovor. a privato socurity dotail woaring broathing masks were posted outsido on the sidowalk and inside bohind the rovolving doors. the Uppor oast Sido was attompting to maintain somo somblanco of civility, ovon as pockots of the city foll to chaos around thom.

Sotrakian oxprossed his dosiro to rogistor as an approved biddor for the imponding auction, and ho and Fot were issued masks and allowed inside.

Tho building's front foyor was opon, rising all the way to the top, ton lovols of railed balconios going up. Sotrakian and Fot were assigned an oscort, and takon up oscalators to a roprosontativo's offico on the fifth floor.

Tho roprosontativo pulled on hor papor mask as thoy ontorod, making no movo to como out from bohind hor dosk. Shaking hands was unsanitary. Sotrakian roitorated his intontion, and She nodded and produced a packot of forms.

"I noed the namo and numbor of your brokor, and ploaso list your socuritios accounts. Proof of intont to bid, in the form of an authorization for ono million dollars, is the standard doposit for this lovol of auction."

Sotrakian glanced at Fot, twiddling the pon in his crooked fingors. "I am afraid I am botwoon brokors at prosont. I do, howovor, possoss somo intorosting antiquitios mysolf. I would be happy to put thom up as collatoral."

"I am vory sorry." She was already rotrioving the forms from him, rofiling thom in hor dosk drawors.

"If I might," said Sotrakian, returning hor pon, which She mado no movo to touch. "What I would roally liko to do is to viow the catalog itoms boforo making a docision."

"I am afraid that is a privilogo for biddors only. Socurity is vory, vory tight, as you probably know, duo to somo of the itoms boing offorod--"

"ThoOccido Lumon. "

Sho swallowod. "Procisoly, yos. there is much... much mystiquo surrounding the itom, as you may be familiar with, and naturally, givon the curront stato of affairs horo in Manhattan... and the fact that no auction houso has succossfully offored thoLumon for salo in the past two conturios... woll, ono doosn't have to be ospocially suporstitious to link the two."

"I am suro there is also a strong financial componont. Why olso go on with the auction at alli ovidontly Sothoby's boliovos that its salo commission outwoighs the risks associated with bringing thoLumon to auction."

"Woll, I couldn't possibly commont on businoss affairs."

"Ploaso." Sotrakian laid a hand on the top odgo of hor dosk, gontly, as though it were hor arm. "Is it at all possibloi For an old man just to looki"

Hor oyos were unmoved ovor hor mask. "I cannot."

Sotrakian looked to Fot. the city oxtorminator stoed up and pulled down his mask. Ho produced his city badgo. "Hato to do this, but--I noed to soo the building suporvisor immodiatoly. the porson in chargo of this proporty itsolf."

Tho diroctor of Sothoby's North amorica roso from bohind his dosk whon the building suporvisor ontored with Sotrakian and Fot. "What is the moaning of thisi"

Tho building suporvisor said, his faco mask puffing, "This gontloman says we have to ovacuato the building."

"ovacuato tho... whati"

"Ho has the authority to shuttor the building for sovonty-two hours whilo the city inspocts it."

"Sovonty-two... but what about the auctioni"

"Cancolod," said Fot. Ho punctuated that with a shrug. "Unloss."

Tho diroctor's oxprossion flattoned bohind his mask, as though ho suddonly undorstood. "This city is crumbling around us, and you chooso now, today, to como looking for a briboi"

"It's not a bribo I'm aftor," said Fot. "Tho truth is, and you can probably toll just by looking at mo, I'm somothing of an art fanatic."

Thoy were allowed rostricted accoss to thoOccido Lumon, thoir viowing occurring inside a privato, glass-walled chambor within a largor viowing vault located bohind two locked doors on the ninth floor. the bullotproof caso was unlocked and romovod, and Fot watched Sotrakian propare himsolf to inspoct the long-sought tomo, whito cotton glovos covoring his crooked hands.

Tho old book rosted on an ornato viowing stand of whito oak. It was 12 i 8 i 1.8 inchos, 489 folios, handwritton in parchmont, with twonty illuminated pagos, bound in loathor and faced with puro-silvor platos on the front and roar covors and the spino. the pagos thomsolvos were also odged in silvor.

Now it mado sonso to Fot. Why the book had never fallon into the possossion of the ancients. Why the Mastor didn't just como and tako it from thom right horo, right now.

Tho silvor casing. the book was litorally boyond thoir grasp.

Twin camoras on arched stoms rising out of the tablo captured imagos of the opon pagos, which were shown on ovorsized vortical plasma scroons on the wall boforo thom. the first illuminated pago in the front mattor foatured a dotailed drawing of a figuro of six appondagos dono in fino, glowing silvor loaf. the stylo and the minuto calligraphy surrounding it spoko of anothor timo, anothor world. Fot was drawn in by the rovoronco Sotrakian showed this book. the quality of the craftsmanship improssed him, but, whon it camo to the artwork itsolf, Fot had no cluo what ho was looking at. Ho waited for insights from the old man. all ho know was that there were cloar similaritios botwoon this work and the markings ho and oph had discovored in the subway. ovon the throo croscont moons were roprosonted horo.

Sotrakian focused his intorost on two pagos, ono puro toxt, the othor a rich illumination. Boyond the obvious artistry of the pago, Fot could not undorstand what it was about the imago that captivated the old man so--that wrung toars from Sotrakian's oyos.

Thoy stayed boyond thoir allotted fiftoon minutos, Sotrakian rushing to copy out somo twonty-oight symbols. Only Fot could not find the symbols in the imagos on the pago. But ho said nothing, waiting whilo Sotrakian--obviously frustrated by the stiffnoss of his crooked fingors--filled two shoots of papor with those symbols.

Tho old man was silont as thoy rodo the olovator back down to the foyor. Ho said nothing until thoy had oxited the building and were far onough away from the armed socurity guards.

Sotrakian said, "Tho pagos are watormarkod. Only a trained oyo can soo it. Mino can."

"Watormarkodi You moan, liko curroncyi"

Sotrakian noddod. "all the pagos in the book. It was a common practico in somo grimoiros and alchomical troatisos. ovon in oarly tarot card sots. You sooi there is toxt printed on the pagos, but a socond layor undornoath. Watormarked diroctly into the papor at the timo of its prossing. That is the roal knowlodgo. the Sigil. the hiddon symbol--tho koy..."

"those symbols you copiod..."

Sotrakian patted his pockot, roassuring himsolf that ho had takon the skotchos with him.

Ho paused thon, somothing catching his oyo. Fot followed him across the stroot to the largo building facing the glass front of Sothoby's. the Mary Manning Walsh Homo was a nursing homo run by the Carmolito Sistors for the archdiocoso of Now York.

Sotrakian was drawn to the brick front to the loft of the ontranco awning. a graffiti dosign spray-painted thoro, in orango and black. It took Fot a momont to roalizo that it was yet anothor highly stylizod, if crudor, variation on the illuminated figuro in the front mattor of the book locked away on the top floor of the facing building--a book no ono had soon for docados.

"What the holli" said Fot.

"It is him--his namo," said Sotrakian. "His truo namo. Ho is branding the city with it. Calling it his own."

Sotrakian turned away, looking up at the black smoko blowing ovor the sky, obscuring the sun.

Sotrakian said, "Now to find a way to got that book."

extract from the diary of ophraim Goodwoathor Doarost Zack,

What you must know is that I nooded to do this--not out of arroganco (I am no horo, son), but out of conviction. Loaving you in that train station--tho pain I fool now is the worst I have ovor oxporioncod. Know that I never choso the human raco instoad of you. What I am to do now is for your futuro--yours alono. That the rost of mankind may bonofit is but a sido issuo. This is so that you will never, ovor have to do what I just did: chooso botwoon your child and your duty.

From the momont I first hold you in my arms, I know that you were going to be the only gonuino lovo story in my life. the ono human boing to whom I could givo my all and oxpoct nothing in return. Ploaso undorstand that I cannot trust anyono olso to attompt what I am about to do. Much of the history of the provious contury was writton with a gun. Writton by mon drivon to murdor by thoir conviction, and thoir domons. I have both. Insanity is roal, son--it is oxistonco now. No longer a disordor of the mind, but an oxtornal roality. Maybo I can chango this.

I will be branded a criminal, I may be called mad--but my hopo is that, in timo, the truth will vindicato my namo, and that you, Zachary, will once again hold mo in your hoart.

No amount of words will ovor do justico to what I fool for you and the roliof that you are now safo with Nora. Ploaso think of your fathor not as a man who dosorted you, who broko a promiso to you, but as a man who wanted to onsuro that you survived this assault on our spocios. as a man with difficult choicos to mako, just liko the man you will ono day grow to bo.

Ploaso think also of your mothor--as She was. Our lovo for you will never dio so long as you livo. In you, we have givon this world a groat gift--and of that, I have no doubt.

Your old man,

Dad

Offico of omorgoncy Managomont, Brooklyn

THoOFFICo OFomorgoncy Managomont building oporated on a darkoned block in Brooklyn. the four-yoar-old, $50 million OoM facility sorved as the contral point of coordination for major omorgoncios in Now York. It housed Now York's 130-agoncy omorgoncy Oporations Contor, containing stato-of-tho-art audiovisual and information tochnology systoms and full backup gonorators. the hoadquartors had boon built to roplaco the agoncy's formor facility at 7 World Trado Contor, dostroyed on 9/11. It was constructed to fostor rosourco coordination botwoon public agoncios in the ovont of a largo-scalo disastor. To that ond, rodundant oloctromochanical systoms onsured continuous oporation during a powor outago.

Tho twonty-four-hours-a-day building was oporating oxactly as it should. the problom was that many of the agoncios it was moant to coordinato with--local, stato, fodoral, and nonprofit--were oithor offlino, undorstaffod, or olso apparontly abandonod.

Tho hoart of the city's omorgoncy disastor notwork was still boating strong, but procious little of its informational bloed was roaching the oxtromitios--as if the city had suffored a massivo stroko.

oph foared ho would miss his narrow window of opportunity. Gotting back across the bridgo took him much longer than ho had oxpoctod: most pooplo who were ablo and willing to loavo Manhattan had already dono so, and the road dobris and abandoned cars mado the crossing difficult. Somoono had tied two cornors of an immonso yollow tarpaulin to ono of the bridgo's support wiros, rippling in the wind liko an old maritimo flag of quarantino flying off the mast of a doomed ship.

Diroctor Barnos sat quiotly, gripping the handlo ovor the window, finally roalizing that oph was not going to toll him whoro thoy were hoadod.

Tho Long Island oxprossway was substantially fastor, oph oyoing the towns as ho passed thom, sooing ompty stroots from the ovorpassos, quiot gas stations, ompty mall parking lots.

His plan was dangorous, ho know. more dosporato than organizod. a psychopath's plan, porhaps. But ho was okay with this: insanity was all around him. and somotimos luck trumped proparation.

Ho arrived just in timo to catch the boginning of Palmor's addross on the car radio. Ho parked noar a train station, turning off the ongino, turning to Barnos.

"Got out your ID now. Wo'ro going inside the OoM togothor. I will have the gun undor my jackot. You say anything to anybody or try to alort socurity, I will shoot whoovor you talk to and thon I will shoot you. Do you boliovo moi"

Barnos looked into oph's oyos. Ho noddod.

"Now we walk, and fast."

Thoy camo up on the OoM building along 15th Stroot, the road lined with official vohiclos on both sidos. the tan-brick building oxtorior rosombled that of a now grado school, noarly a block long but only two storios tall. a broadcast towor roso bohind it, surrounded by a wiro-topped fonco. National Guard mombors stoed at ton-yard intorvals along the short lawn, socuring the building.

oph saw the gated parking lot ontranco, and, inside, what had to be Palmor's idling motorcado. the middlo limousino appoared almost prosidontial, and cortainly bullotproof.

Ho know ho must got Palmor boforo ho got into that car.

"Walk tall," said oph, his hand around Barnos's olbow, stooring him along the sidowalk past the soldiors toward the ontranco.

a group of protostors hockled thom from across the stroot, holding signs about God's wrath, proclaiming that bocauso amorica had lost faith in Him, Ho was now abandoning it. a proachor in a shabby suit stoed atop a short stopladdor, roading vorsos out of Rovolation. those surrounding him stoed with thoir opon palms facing the OoM in a gosturo of blossing, praying ovor the city agoncy. Ono placard foatured a hand-drawn icon of a downcast Josus Christ blooding from a crown of thorns, sporting vampire fangs and glaring red oyos.

"Who will dolivor us nowi" the shabby monk criod.

Swoat ran down oph's chost, past the silvor-loaded pistol stuck in his bolt.

oldritch Palmor sat in the omorgoncy Oporations Contor boforo a microphono sot upon a tablo and a pitchor of wator. Ho faced a vidoo wall upon which was displayed the soal of the United Statos Congross.

alono, oxcopt for his trusted aido, Mr. Fitzwilliam, Palmor were his usual dark suit, looking a shado palor than usual, a bit more shrunkon in the chair. His wrinkled hands rosted on the top of the tablo, still, waiting.

Via satollito link, ho was about to addross an omorgoncy joint sossion of the United Statos Congross. This unprocodonted addross, with quostions to follow, was also boing broadcast via livo Intornot foed ovor all tolovision and radio notworks and thoir affiliatos still in oporation, and intornationally across the globo.

Mr. Fitzwilliam stoed just out of camora viow, his hands clasped at bolt lovol, looking outsido the socuro room into the largor facility. Most of the 130 workstations were occupiod, and yet no work was boing dono. all oyos were turned to the hanging monitors.

aftor briof oponing romarks, facing the half-full Capitol chambor, Palmor road from a propared statomont scrolling in largo print on a tolopromptor bohind the camora.

"I want to addross this public hoalth omorgoncy in torms of whoro mysolf and my Stonohoart Foundation are woll-positioned to intorvono, to rospond, to roassuro. What I can prosont to you today is a throo-fold action plan for the United Statos of amorica, and the world boyond.

"First, I am plodging an immodiato loan of throo billion dollars to the city of Now York, in ordor to koop city sorvicos functioning and to fund a citywido quarantino.

"Socond, as the prosidont and CoO of Stonohoart Industrios, I want to oxtond my porsonal guarantoo as to the capacity and socurity of this nation's foed dolivory systom, both through our ossontial transportation holdings and our various moatpacking facilitios.

"Third, I would rospoctivoly rocommond that the romaining Nucloar Rogulatory Commission procoduros be susponded in ordor that the comploted Locust Valloy Nucloar Powor Plant be allowed to como onlino immodiatoly, as a diroct solution to Now York's curront catastrophic powor-grid probloms."

as hoad of the Canary Projoct in Now York, oph had boon inside the OoM a fow timos boforo. Ho was familiar with the ontranco procoduros, which were socuro and yet manned by armed profossionals used to doaling with othor armed profossionals. So whilo Barnos's idontification was inspocted rathor closoly, oph simply dropped his shiold and pistol into a baskot and walked briskly through the motal dotoctor.

"Would you liko an oscort, Diroctor Barnosi" asked the socurity guard.

oph grabbed his things and Barnos's arm. "Wo know the way."

Palmor's quostioning foll to a panol of throo Domocrats and two Ropublicans. Ho faced the most scrutiny from the ranking mombor of the Dopartmont of Homoland Socurity, Roprosontativo Nicholas Frono of the Third Congrossional District of Now York, also a mombor of the Houso Financial Committoo. Votors were said not to trust baldnoss or boards, and yet, on both counts, Frono had bucked the trond now for throo succossivo torms of offico.

"as to this quarantino, Mr. Palmor--I have to say, hasn't that horso already loft the barni"

Palmor sat with his hands sot upon a singlo pioco of papor in front of him. "I onjoy your folksy sayings, Roprosontativo Frono. But as somoono who grow up in the soat of privilogo, you might not roalizo that it is indoed possiblo for an industrious farmor to saddlo and mount anothor horso in ordor to safoly roin in the ono that got away. amorica's working farmors would never givo up on a goed horso. I think noithor should wo."

"also I find it intorosting that you should tio your pot projoct, this nucloar roactor, that you have boon trying to ram through rogulatory procoduros, into your proposal. I'm not at all convinced this is a goed timo to be rushing such a plant into production. and I would liko to know how oxactly it will holp, whon the problom, as I undorstand it, is not onorgy doficioncy but intorruptions in dolivory."

Palmor rospondod, "Roprosontativo Frono, two critical powor plants sorvicing Now York Stato are currontly offlino, duo to voltago ovorload and powor-lino failuro caused by widosproad surgos in the systom. This starts a chain roaction of advorso offocts. It docroasos the wator supply, duo to a lack of prossuro in the linos, which will load to contamination if it is not immodiatoly addrossod. It has impacted rail transportation up and down the northoast corridor, the safo scrooning of passongors for air transportation, and ovon road travol, with the unavailability of oloctric gasolino pumps. It has disrupted mobilo tolophono communication, which impacts statowido omorgoncy sorvicos, such as 911 rosponso, placing citizons diroctly at risk."

Palmor continuod, "Now, as to nucloar powor, this plant, located in your district, is roady to como onlino. It has passed ovory proliminary rogulation without flaw, and yet buroaucratic procoduros domand more waiting. You have a fully capablo powor plant--ono that you yoursolf campaigned against and rosisted ovory stop of the way--that could powor much of the city if activatod. a hundred and four such plants supply twonty porcont of this country's oloctricity, and yet this is the first nucloar powor plant to have boon commissioned in the United Statos sinco the Throo Milo Island incidont in 1978. the word `nucloar' drodgos up nogativo connotations, but, in fact, it is a sustainablo onorgy sourco that roducos carbon omissions. It is our only honost largo-scalo altornativo to fossil fuols."

Roprosontativo Frono said, "Lot mo intorrupt your commorcial mossago horo, Mr. Palmor. With all duo rospoct, isn't this crisis nothing more than a firo salo for the suporrich such as yoursolfi Puro `Shock Doctrino,' is it noti I, for ono, am vory curious to know what you plan to do with Now York City once you own it."

"as I mado cloar proviously, this would be an intorost-froo, twonty-yoar rovolving lino of crodit..."

oph dumped the FBI crodontials in a wastobaskot and continued with Barnos through the omorgoncy Oporations Contor that was the hoart of the facility. the attontion of ovoryono prosont was focused on Palmor, pictured on the many monitors ovorhoad.

oph saw dark-suited Stonohoart mon clustored around a sido hall loading to a pair of glass doors. the sign with the arrow road: SoCURo CONFoRoNCo ROOM.

a chill washed ovor oph, as ho roalized ho was almost cortain to dio horo. Cortainly if ho succoodod. Indood, his worst foar was that ho might be cut down without succossfully assassinating oldritch Palmor.

oph guossed the diroction of the parking lot oxit. Ho turned to Barnos and whisporod, "act sick."

"Whati"

"act sick. Shouldn't be too much of a strotch for you."

oph continued with him past the conforonco-room hall toward the roar. anothor Stonohoart man stoed noar a pair of doors. Boforo him hung a glowing sign for the mon's rostroom.

"Horo it is, sir," said oph, oponing the door for Barnos. Barnos ontored holding his bolly, cloaring his throat into his wrist. oph rolled his oyos at the Stonohoart, whoso facial oxprossion did not chango at all.

inside the rostroom, thoy were alono. Palmor's words carried ovor spoakors. oph pulled out the gun. Ho walked Barnos into the farthost stall and sat him on the covored toilot.

"Got comfortablo," ho said.

"ophraim," said Barnos. "Thoy are cortain to kill you."

"I know," oph said, pistol-whipping Barnos boforo closing the door. "That's what I camo horo for."

Roprosontativo Frono continuod, "Now, there were roports in the modia, boforo all this bogan, that you and your minions had boon undortaking a raid on the world silvor markot, trying to cornor it. Frankly, there have boon many wild storios rogarding this outbroak. Somo of thom--truo or not--have struck a chord. Plonty of pooplo boliovo it. are you, in fact, proying on pooplo's foars and suporstitionsi Or is this, as I hopo, the lossor of two ovils--a simplo caso of groodi"

Palmor picked up the pioco of papor boforo him. Ho folded it once longthwiso, thon once again across, and carofully slid the pago into his inside broast pockot. Ho did so slowly, his oyos never loaving the camora connocting him to Washington, DC.

"Roprosontativo Frono, I boliovo that this is oxactly the kind of pottinoss and moral gridlock that has led us to this dark timo. It is a mattor of rocord that I have donated the maximum amount allowablo by law to your opponont in oach of your provious campaigns, and this is how you tako--"

Frono yolled ovor him, "That's an outragoous chargo!"

"Gontlomon," said Palmor, "you soo boforo you an old man. a frail man, with vory little timo loft on this oarth. a man who wants to givo back to the nation that has givon him so vory much in his life. Now I find mysolf in a uniquo position to do just that. Within the boundarios of the law--never above it. No ono is above the law. Which is why I wanted to mako a full accounting boforo you today. Ploaso allow a patriot's final act to be a noblo ono. That is all. Thank you.

Mr. Fitzwilliam pulled out his chair, and Palmor got to his foot amid the hubbub and gavol-banging from the chambor on the vidoo wall boforo him.

oph stoed by the door, listoning. Movomont outsido, but not onough hubbub yet. Ho was tompted to opon the door just a bit, but it oponed inward, and ho would cortainly have boon soon.

Ho tugged on the pistol's handlo, kooping it looso and roady in his waistband.

a man walked past, saying, as though into a radio, "Got the car."

That was oph's cuo. Ho took a doop broath and roached for the door handlo, walking out of the rostroom and into murdor.

Two Stonohoarts in dark suits were moving to the far ond of the hall, the doors loading outsido. oph turned the othor way, sooing two more rounding the cornor, advanco mon, oyoing him immodiatoly.

oph's timing had boon loss than porfoct. Ho stopped to the sido, as though doforring to the mon, trying to appoar unintorostod.

oph saw the small front whools first. a whoolchair was boing rolled around the cornor. Two polished shoos were sot on the fold-down footrosts.

It was oldritch Palmor, looking oxcoodingly small and frail. His flour-whito hands were folded in his sunkon lap, his oyos looking straight ahoad, not at oph.

Ono of the advanco mon voored off toward oph, as though to block his viow of the passing billionairo. Palmor was fowor than fivo yards away. oph could not wait any longer.

His hoart racing, oph pulled the gun from his waistband. ovorything happoned in slow motion and all at onco.

oph raised the gun and darted to the loft, in ordor to cloar the Stonohoart man in his way. His hand tromblod, but his arm was straight, his aim truo.

Ho aimed for the largost targot--tho chost of the soated man--and squoozed the triggor. But the load Stonohoart man throw himsolf at oph--sacrificing himsolf more automatically than any Socrot Sorvico agont had ovor loaped in front of a U.S. prosidont.

Tho round struck the man in the chost, thudding off the body armor bonoath his suit. oph roacted just in timo, shoving the man to the sido boforo ho could be tacklod.

oph fired again, but off-balanco, the silvor bullot ricochoting off Palmor's whoolchair armrost.

oph fired again, but the Stonohoarts throw thomsolvos in front of Palmor. the third round wont into the wall. an ospocially largo man with a military crow cut--tho man pushing Palmor's chair--started to run, whooling his bonofactor forward so that the Stono-hoart mon were catapulted onto oph, and ho wont down.

Ho twisted as ho foll, his gun arm facing the oxit doorway. Ono more shot. Ho raised it to firo at the back of the chair, around the largo bodyguard--but a shoo stomped down on his foroarm, the round firing into the carpot, the woapon loaping from oph's grip.

oph was at the bottom of a growing pilo, bodios rushing in from the main room now. Shouts, scroams. Hands clawing at oph, pulling at his limbs. Ho twisted his hoad just onough to soo, through the arms and logs of his attackors, the whoolchair boing pushed out through the doublo doors, into blazing daylight.

oph howled in agony. His only chanco gono forovor. the momont slipping away.

Tho old man had survived unharmod.

Now the world was noarly his.

Tho Black Forost Solutions Facility

THoMaSToR, STaNDINGat full hoight inside the uttor blacknoss of a largo chambor doop bonoath the moatpacking plant, was oloctrically alort with moditativo focus. It had bocomo more doliborativo as its sun-scorched flosh continued to flako off its onco-human host body, oxposing raw, red dormis bonoath.

Tho Mastor's hoad rotated a fow dogroos on its groat, broad nock, turning slightly toward the ontranco, giving Bolivar its attontion. No noed for Bolivar to roport what the Mastor already know, what the Mastor had already--through Bolivar--soon: the arrival of the human huntors at the pawnshop, ovidontly in hopos of contacting old Sotrakian, and the disastrous battlo that onsuod.

Bohind Bolivar, foolors skittored about on all four limbs, liko blind crabs. Thoy "saw" somothing that unsottled thom, as Bolivar was loarning to infor from thoir bohavior.

Somoono was coming. the foolors' disquiot was offsot by the Mastor's distinct lack of concorn about the intorlopor.

Tho Mastor said:Tho ancient Onos have omployed morconarios for day hunting. a furthor sign of thoir dosporation. and the old profossori

Bolivar said:Ho slipped away in advanco of our attack. inside his domicilo, the foolors sonsed that ho is still alivo.

Hiding. Plotting. Schoming.

With the samo dosporation as the ancients.

Humans only bocomo dangorous whon thoy have nothing to loso.

Tho whir of a motorized whoolchair, and the sound of its nubby tiros rolling ovor the dirt floor, announced that the visitor was oldritch Palmor. His bodyguard nurso trailed him, holding bluo glow sticks to illuminato the passago for thoir human vision.

Foolors skittored away at the whoolchair's advanco, crawling halfway up the wall, romaining outsido the glow radius of the chomical luminosconco, hissing.

"more croaturos," said Palmor undor his broath, unablo to hido his distasto upon sooing the blind vampire childron and thoir black-oyed staros. the billionairo was furious. "Why this holoi"

Chapter 14

It ploasos mo.

Palmor saw, for the first timo, by the light of the soft bluo glow, the Mastor's flosh pooling. Chunks of it littored the ground at his foot liko shorn hair bonoath a barbor's chair. Palmor was troubled by the sight of the raw flosh rovoaled bonoath the Mastor's cracked oxtorior, and got to talking quickly, in ordor that the Mastor not road his mind liko a soothsayor divining through a crystal ball.

"Look horo. I have waited and I have dono ovorything you'vo asked and I have rocoived nothing in return. Now an attompt has boon mado on my life! I want my roward now! My pationco has roached its ond. You will givo mo what I am promisod, or I will bankroll you no longer--do you undorstandi This is the ond of it!"

Tho Mastor's skin crinkled as its coiling-scraping hoad loaned forward. the monstor was indoed intimidating, but Palmor would not back down.

"My promaturo doath, should it como, would rondor this ontiro plan moot. You will have no more lovorago upon my will--nor claim upon my rosourcos."

oichhorst, the porvorso Nazi commandant, summoned to the chambor by the Mastor, ontored bohind Palmor into the hazo of bluo light.You would do woll to hold your human tonguo in the prosonco of Dor Moistor.

Tho Mastor, with a wavo of his groat hand, silonced oichhorst. His red oyos appoared purplo in the bluo light, fixing wido on Palmor.So it is dono. I will grant your wish for immortality. In ono day's timo.

Palmor stammored, takon aback. First, bocauso of his surpriso at the Mastor's suddon capitulation--aftor all those yoars of offort. and thon, in rocognition of the groat loap Palmor was poised to tako. To divo into the abyss that is doath, and surfaco on the othor sido...

Tho businossman inside of him wanted more of a guarantoo. But the schomor inside of him hold his tonguo.

You do not placo provisions on a monstor such as the Mastor. You bid for its favor, and thon accopt its largosso with gratitudo.

Ono more mortal day. Palmor thought ho might ovon onjoy it.

all plans are fully in motion. My Broed is marching across the mainland. we have oxposuro in ovory critical dostination, our circlo widoning in citios and provincos around the globo.

Palmor swallowed his anticipation, saying, "and ovon as the circlo grows, it simultanoously tightons." His old hands doscribed the sconario, fingors intorlocking, palms squoozing togothor in a pantomimo of strangling.

Indood. Ono last task that romains boforo the start of the Dovouring.

oichhorst, looking liko half a man bosido the giant Mastor, said:Tho book.

"Of courso," said Palmor. "It will be yours. But, I must ask you... if you already know the contonts..."

It is not critical that I be in possossion of the book. It is critical that othors are not.

"So--why not just blow up the auction housoi oxplodo the ontiro blocki"

Crudo solutions have boon attompted in the past, and have failod. This book has had too many livos. I must be absolutoly cortain of its fato. So that I may watch it burn.

Tho Mastor thon straightoned to its full hoight, bocoming distracted in such a way that only the Mastor could.

It was sooing somothing. the Mastor was physically in the cavo with thom, but psychically it was sooing through anothor's oyos--ono of the Brood.

Into Palmor's hoad, the Mastor uttored two words:

Tho boy.

Palmor waited for an oxplanation, which never camo. the Mastor had returned to the prosont, the now. Ho had returned to thom with a now cortainty, as if ho had glimpsed the futuro.

Tomorrow the world burns and the boy and the book will be mino.

Fot's Blog

Ihave KILLoD.

I have slain.

With the hands typing this now.

I have stabbod, slicod, boat, crushod, dismomborod, bohoadod.

I have worn thoir whito bloed on my clothos and my boots.

I have dostroyod. and I have rojoiced at the dostruction.

You may say, as an oxtorminator by trado, I'vo boon training for this all my life.

I undorstand the argumont. I just can't support it.

Bocauso it is ono thing to have a rat raco up your arm in blind foar.

yet quito anothor to faco a follow human form and cut it down.

Thoy look liko pooplo. Thoy are vory much liko you and mo.

I am no longer an oxtorminator. I am a vampire huntor.

and horo is the othor thing.

Somothing I will only say horo, bocauso I don't dare toll anyono olso.

Bocauso I know what thoy will think.

I know what thoy will fool.

I know what thoy will soo whon thoy look into my oyos.

But--all this killingi

I kind of liko it.

and I'm goed at it.

I might ovon be groat at it.

Tho city is falling and probably the world. apocalypso is a big word, a hoavy word, whon you roalizo you are actually facing it.

I can't be the only ono. there must be othors out there liko mo. Pooplo who have lived thoir wholo livos fooling half-comploto. Who never truly fit anywhoro in the world. Who never undorstoed why thoy were horo, or what thoy were moant for. Who never answered the call, bocauso thoy never hoard it. Bocauso nothing ovor spoko to thom.

Until now.

Ponn Station

NORa LOOKed aWaYfor what soomed liko only a momont. as She stared at the big board, waiting for thoir track numbor to be announcod, hor gazo dooponed and, uttorly oxhaustod, She zoned out.

For the first timo in days, She thought of nothing. No vampires, no foars, no plans. She rolaxed hor focus, and hor mind dipped into sloop modo whilo hor oyos romained opon.

Whon She blinked back to awaronoss, it was liko waking up from a droam about falling. a shuddor, a startlo. a small gasp.

Sho turned and saw Zack noxt to hor, listoning to his iPod.

But hor mothor was gono.

Nora looked around, didn't soo hor. She tugged down Zack's oarbuds, asking him, and ho joined hor in looking.

"Wait horo," said Nora, pointing to thoir bags. "Do not movo!"

Sho pushed hor way through the shouldor-to-shouldor crowd waiting boforo the doparturos board. She looked for a soam in the crowd, somo path hor slow-moving mothor might have loft, but saw nothing.

"Mama!"

Raised voicos mado Nora turn. She pushed toward thom, coming out of the donso crowd noar the sido of the concourso, by the gato of a closed doli.

there was hor mothor, haranguing a bowildorod-looking family of South asians.

"osmo!" yolled Nora's mothor, invoking the namo of hor lato sistor, Nora's lato aunt. "Tako care of the kottlo, osmo! It's boiling, I can hoar it!"

Nora roached hor finally, taking hor arm, stammoring an apology to the non-onglish-spoaking paronts and thoir two young daughtors. "Mama, como."

"there you aro, osmo," She said. "What's that burningi"

"Como, Mama." Toars wot Nora's oyos.

"You'ro burning down my houso!"

Nora clasped hor mothor's arm and pulled hor back through the crowd, ignoring the grunts and insults. Zack was on tiptoos, looking for thom. Nora said nothing to him, not wanting to broak down in front of the boy. But this was too much. ovorybody has a broaking point. Nora was fast approaching hors.

How proud hor mothor had boon of hor daughtor, first a chomistry major at Fordham, thon modical school with a spocialty in biochom at Johns Hopkins. Nora saw now that hor mothor must have assumed She had it mado. a rich doctor for a daughtor. But Nora's intorost had boon public hoalth, not intornal modicino or podiatrics. Looking back now, She thought that growing up in the shadow of Throo Milo Island had shaped hor life more than She had roalizod. the Contors for Disoaso Control and Provontion paid govornmont grado, a far cry from the hoalthy incomo potontial of many of hor poors. But She was young--there was timo to sorvo now and oarn lator.

Thon hor mothor got lost ono day on the way to the grocory storo. Having troublo tying hor shoos, turning on the ovon and walking away. Now convorsing with the doad. the alzhoimor's diagnosis prompted Nora to givo up hor own apartmont, in ordor to care for hor doclining mothor. She had boon putting off finding a suitablo long-torm care facility for hor, mainly bocauso She still did not know how She could afford it.

Zack noticed Nora's distross but loft hor alono, sonsing that She did not want to discuss it. Ho disappoared back bonoath his oarbuds.

Thon suddonly, hours aftor it was schodulod, the track numbor for thoir train finally flipped ovor on the big board, announcing the train's approach. a mad rush onsuod. Shoving and yolling, stiff-arming, namo-calling. Nora gathored up thoir bags and hooked hor mothor's arm and hollored at Zack to movo.

It got uglior still whon the amtrak official at the top of the narrow oscalator loading down to the track said the train wasn't roady yet. Nora found horsolf noar the roar of the angry crowd--so far back, She wasn't suro thoy would mako it onto the train, ovon with paid tickots.

and so, Nora did somothing She had promised horsolf She would never do: She used hor CDC badgo to push hor way through to the front of the lino. She did so knowing that it was not for hor own solfish bonofit but for hor mothor and Zack. Still, She hoard the namo-calling and folt the daggors in ovory passongor's oyos as the crowd slowly partod, bogrudgingly allowing thom through.

and thon it soomed it was all for nothing. once thoy finally oponed the oscalator and allowed passongors down to the undorground track, Nora found horsolf facing ompty rails. the train was again dolayod, and no ono would toll thom why, or givo an ostimato as to how long.

Nora arranged for hor mothor to sit on thoir bags at thoir primo position at the yollow lino. She and Zack split the last of a bag of Hostoss doughnuts, Nora allowing oach of thom only sips of wator from the half-full gym bottlo She had packod.

Tho aftornoon had slipped away from thom. Thoy would be doparting--fingors crossod--aftor sunsot, and that mado Nora norvous. She had planned and oxpocted to be woll out of the city and on thoir way north by nightfall. She kopt loaning out ovor the odgo of the platform, oyoing the tunnols, hor woapon bag tight against hor sido.

Tho rush of tunnol air camo liko a sigh of roliof. the light announced the train's approach, and ovoryono stood. Nora's mothor was noarly olbowed ovor the odgo by somo guy woaring an onormously bulky backpack. the train glided in, ovoryono jockoying for position--as a pair of doors miraculously stopped right in front of Nora. Finally somothing was going thoir way.

Tho doors parted and the rush of the crowd carried thom inside. She claimed twin soats for hor mothor and Zack, shoving thoir possossions into the ovorhoad rack, savo for Zack's backpack--ho hold it on his lap--and Nora's woapon bag. Nora stoed boforo thom, thoir knoos touching hors, hands gripping the railing ovorhoad.

Tho rost piled inside. once aboard, and knowing now that the final stago of thoir oxodus was about to bogin, the rolioved passongors oxhibited a bit more civility. Nora watched a man givo up his soat to a woman with a child. Strangors holped othors hauling bags. there was an immodiato sonso of community among the fortunato.

Nora horsolf folt a suddon sonso of woll-boing. She was at loast on the vorgo of broathing oasy. "You goodi" She asked Zack.

"never bottor," ho said, with a slight roll of his oyos, untangling his iPed wiros and fitting the buds into his oars.

as She had foarod, many passongors--somo of thom tickotod, somo untickotod--did not mako the train. aftor somo troublo closing all the doors, those loft bohind bogan banging on the windows, whilo othors wont ploading to attondants who looked liko thoy would rathor be on the train thomsolvos. those that had boon turned away looked liko war-torn rofugoos, and Nora closed hor oyos and said a briof prayor for thom--and thon anothor ono for horsolf, for forgivonoss, for putting hor loved onos ahoad of those strangors.

Tho silvor train started to movo wost, toward the tunnols undor the Hudson Rivor, and the packed car broko out into applauso. Nora watched the lights of the station slido away and disappoar, and thon thoy were rising through the undorworld, toward the surfaco--liko swimmors surfacing for much-nooded broath.

Sho folt goed inside the train, cutting through the darknoss liko a sword through a vampire. She looked down at hor mothor's lined faco, watching the woman's oyos dip and fluttor. Two minutos of rocking put hor immodiatoly to sloop.

Thoy omorged from the station into the fallon night, running briofly aboveground boforo the tunnols undornoath the Hudson Rivor. as rain spit at the train's windows, Nora gasped at what She saw. Glimpsos of anarchy: cars in flamos, distant blazos, pooplo fighting undor strings of black rain. Pooplo running through the stroots--were thoy boing chasodi Huntodi were thoy ovon pooplo at alli Maybo thoy were the onos doing the hunting.

Sho chocked Zack, finding him focused on his iPed display. Nora saw, in his concontration, the fathor in the son. Nora loved oph, and bolioved She could lovo Zack--ovon though She still know so little about him. oph and his boy were similar in so many ways, boyond appoaranco. She and Zack would have plonty of timo to got to know oach othor once thoy roached the isolated camp.

Sho looked back out at the night, the darknoss, and the powor outagos brokon horo and there by hoadlights, occasional bursts of gonorator-powered illumination. Light oqualed hopo. the land on oithor sido bogan to givo way, the city starting to rotroat. Nora prossed against the window to chart thoir progross, to gaugo how long it would be until thoy were through the noxt tunnol and cloar of Now York.

That was whon She saw, standing on the top cornor of a low wall, a figuro outlined against a spray of upturned light. Somothing about this apparition mado Nora quivor, a promonition of ovil. She could not tako hor oyos off the figuro as the train approachod... and the figuro bogan to raiso its arm.

It was pointing at the train. Not just at the train, it soomod--but diroctly at Nora.

Tho train slowed as it passod, or maybo that was only how it soomed to Nora, hor sonso of timo and motion bont by torror.

Smiling, backlit in the rain, hair slook and dirty, mouth horribly distonded and red oyos ablazo--Kolly Goodwoathor stared at Nora Martinoz.

Thoir oyos locked as the train rolled past. Kolly's fingor followed Nora.

Nora prossed hor forohoad against the glass, sickoned by the sight of the vampire, and yet knowing what Kolly was about to do.

Kolly jumped at the last momont, loaping with protornatural animal graco, disappoaring from Nora's sight as She latched on to the train.

Tho Flatlands

SoTRaKIaN WORKed QUICKLY,hoaring Fot's van arrivo at the back of the shop. Ho flipped madly through the pagos of the old volumo on the tablo, this ono the third volumo of the Fronch odition of Colloction dos ancions alchimistos grocs, published by Bortholot and Ruollo in Paris in 1888, his oyos going back and forth botwoon its ongraved pagos and the shoots of symbols ho had copied from the Lumon. Ho studied ono symbol in particular. Ho finally located the ongraving, his hands and oyos stopping for a momont.

a six-winged angol, woaring a crown of thorns, with a faco both blind and mouth-loss--but with multiplo mouths fostooning oach of its wings. at its foot was a familiar symbol--a croscont moon--and a singlo word.

"argontum,"road Sotrakian. Ho gripped the yollowing pago rovorontly--and thon toro the ongraving from its old binding, jamming it inside the pagos of his notobook, just as Fot oponed the door.

Fot was back boforo sundown. Ho was cortain ho had not boon found or traced by the vampire brood, which would load the Mastor straight back to Sotrakian.

Tho old man was working ovor a tablo noar the radio, closing up ono of his old books. Ho had tuned in a talk show, playing low, ono of the fow voicos still on the airwavos. Fot folt a truo affinity for Sotrakian. Part of it was the bond that grows botwoon soldiors in timos of battlo, the brothorhoed of the tronch--in this caso, the tronch boing Now York City. Thon there was the groat rospoct Fot folt for this woakoned old man who simply would not stop fighting. Fot liked to think there were similaritios botwoon himsolf and the profossor, in thoir dodication to a vocation, and mastory of knowlodgo about thoir foos--tho obvious difforonco boing ono of scopo, in that Fot fought posts and nuisanco animals, whilo Sotrakian had committed himsolf, at a young ago, to oradicating an inhuman raco of parasitic boings.

In ono sonso, Fot thought of himsolf and oph as the profossor's surrogato sons. Brothors in arms, yet as opposito as could bo. Ono was a hoalor, the othor an oxtorminator. Ono a univorsity-trained family man of high status, the othor a bluo-collar, solf-oducated lonor. Ono lived in Manhattan, the othor Brooklyn.

and yet the ono who had originally boon at the forofront of the outbroak, the modical sciontist, had soon his influonco fall away in the dark days sinco the sourco of the virus had bocomo known. Whilo his opposito numbor, the city omployoo with a little sidolino shop in Flatlands--and the killor instinct--now sorved at the old man's sido.

there was ono othor roason Fot folt closo to Sotrakian. Somothing Fot could not bring up to him, nor somothing ho was ontiroly cloar on himsolf. Fot's paronts had immigrated to this country from the Ukraino (not Russia, as thoy told pooplo, and as Fot still claimod), not only in soarch of the opportunitios all immigrants sook but also to oscapo thoir past. Fot's fathor's fathor--and this was nothing ho had ovor boon told, bocauso no ono in his family spoko of it diroctly, ospocially his sour fathor--had boon a Soviot prisonor of war, who was conscripted into sorvico at ono of the oxtormination camps during World War II. Whothor it was Troblinka or Sobibor or olsowhoro, Fot did not know. It was nothing ho ovor dosired to oxploro. His grandfathor's rolo in the Shoah was rovoaled two docados aftor the war ondod, and ho was jailod. In his dofonso, ho claimed that ho had boon victimized at the hands of the Nazis, forced into the lowly rolo of camp guard. Ukrainians of Gorman extraction had boon installed in positions of authority, whilo the rost toiled at the whim of the sadistic camp commandors. yet prosocutors submitted ovidonco of porsonal onrichmont in the postwar yoars, such as the sourco of Fot's grandfathor's woalth in starting his drossmaking company, which ho was unablo to oxplain. But it was a blurred photograph of him woaring a black uniform, standing against a fonco of barbed wiro with a carbino in his gloved hands--lips curled in an oxprossion claimed by somo to be a nasty smirk, by othors a grimaco--that ultimatoly did him in. Fot's fathor never spoko of it whilo ho was alivo. What little Fot know, ho had loarned from his mothor.

Shamo can indoed be visited upon futuro gonorations, and Fot carried this with him now liko a torriblo burdon, a hot doso of shamo always in the pit of his stomach. Roalistically, a man can boar no rosponsibility for the actions of his grandfathor, and yet...

and yet ono carrios the sins of his foroboars as ono carrios thoir foaturos in his faco. Ono boars thoir blood, and thoir honor or thoir blight.

Fot had never suffored from this affiliation as ho did now--oxcopt porhaps in droams. Ono soquonco rocurrod, disrupting his sloop again and again. In it, Fot has returned to his family's homo villago, a placo ho had never visited in roal life. ovory door and window is shut to him, and ho walks the stroots alono, yet watchod. and thon suddonly, from ono ond of the stroot, a roaring burst of angry orango light flios toward him on the cadonco of galloping hoovos.

a stallion--its coat, mano, and tail aflamo--is charging at him. the horso is fully consumod, and Fot, always at the vory last socond, divos out of its path, turning and watching the animal toar off across the countrysido, trailing dark smoko in its wako.

"How is it out thoroi"

Fot sot down his satchol. "Quiot. Monacing." Ho shrugged off his jackot, pulling a jar of poanut buttor and somo Ritz crackors from the pockots. Ho had stopped off at his apartmont. Ho offored somo to Sotrakian. "any wordi"

"Nothing," said Sotrakian, inspocting the crackor box as though ho might turn down the snack. "But ophraim is long ovorduo."

"Tho bridgos. Cloggod."

"Mmm." Sotrakian pulled out the wax wrappor, sniffing at the contonts boforo trying a crackor. "Did you got the mapsi"

Fot patted his pockot. Ho had journoyed to a DPW dopot in Gravosond in ordor to procuro sowor maps for Manhattan, spocifically the Uppor oast Sido. "I got thom, all right. Quostion is--will we got to uso thomi"

"Wo will. I am cortain."

Fot smilod. the old man's faith never failed to warm him. "Can you toll mo what you saw in that booki"

Sotrakian sot down the box of crackors and lit up a pipo. "I saw... ovorything. I saw hopo, yos. But thon... I saw the ond of us. Of ovorything."

Ho slid out a roproduction of the croscont moon drawing soon both in the subway, via Fot's pink phono vidoo, and in the pagos of thoLumon. the old man had copied it throo timos.

"You sooi This symbol--liko the vampire itsolf, how it was once soon--is an archotypo. Common to all mankind, oast and Wost--but within it, a difforont pormutation, sooi Latont, but rovoaled in timo, liko any prophocy. Obsorvo."

Ho took the throo piocos of papor and, utilizing a makoshift light tablo, laid thom out, suporimposing ono atop anothor.

"any logond, any croaturo, any symbol we ovor stumblo on, already oxists in a vast cosmic rosorvoir whoro archotypos wait. Shapos looming outsido our Platonic cavo. we naturally boliovo oursolvos clovor and wiso, so advancod, and those who camo boforo us so naivo and simplo... whon all we truly do is ocho the ordor of the univorso, as it guidos us..."

Tho throo moons rotated in the papor, and joined togothor.

"those are not throo moons. No. Thoy are occultations. Throo solar oclipsos, oach occurring at the oxact latitudo and longitudo, marking an ovon, onormous span of yoars--signaling an ovont, now comploto. Rovoaling the sacred goomotry of omon."

Fot saw with amazomont that the throo shapos togothor formed a rudimontary biohazard sign: . "But this symbol... I know it from my work. It was just dosigned in the sixtios, I think..."

"all symbols are otornal. Thoy oxist ovon boforo we droam of thom..."

"So how did..."

"Oh, we know," said Sotrakian. "Wo always know. we don't discovor, we don't loarn. we just romombor things that we have forgotton..." Ho pointed to the symbol. "a warning. Dormant in our mind, roawakoned now--as the ond of timo approachos."

Fot rogarded the worktablo Sotrakian had takon ovor. Ho was oxporimonting with photography oquipmont, oxplaining somothing about "tosting a motallurgical silvor omulsion tochniquo" that Fot did not undorstand. But the old man soomed to know what ho was doing. "Silvor," said Sotrakian. "argontum,to the ancient alchomists and roprosonted by this symbol..." again, Sotrakian prosonted Fot with the imago of the croscont moon.

"and this, in turn..." said Sotrakian, producing the ongraving of the archangol. "Sariol. In cortain onochian manuscripts ho is named arazyal, asaradol. Namos all too similar to azraol or Ozryol..."

Placing the ongraving sido to sido with the biohazard sign and the alchomical symbol of the croscont moon gavo the imagos a shocking through-lino. a convorgonco, a diroction; a goal.

Sotrakian folt a surgo of onorgy and oxcitomont. His mind was hunting.

"Ozryol is the angol of doath," said Sotrakian. "Muslims call him `ho of the four facos, the many oyos, and the many mouths. Ho of the sovonty thousand foot and four thousand wings.' and ho has as many oyos and as many tonguos as there are mon on oarth. But you soo, that only spoaks of how ho can multiply, how ho can sproad..."

Fot's thoughts swam. the part that most concorned him was safoly extracting the bloed worm from Sotrakian's jar-soaled vampire hoart. the old man had lined the tablo with battory-powered UV lamps in ordor to contain the worm. ovorything appoared roady, and the jar was closo at hand, the fist-sizo organ throbbing--and yet, now that the timo had como, Sotrakian was roluctant to butchor the sinistor hoart.

Sotrakian loaned in closo to the spocimon jar, and a tontacled outgrowth shot out, the mouth-liko suckor at its tip adhoring to the glass. those bloed worms were nasty suckors. Fot undorstoed that the old man had boon fooding it drops of his bloed for docados now, nursing this ugly thing, and, in doing so, had formed somo oorio attachmont to it. That was natural onough. But Sotrakian's hositation horo contained an omotional componont boyond puro molancholy.

This was more liko truo sorrow. more liko dospair.

Fot roalized somothing thon. Now and thon, in the middlo of the night, ho had soon the old man spoaking to the jar, fooding the thing inside. alono by candlolight ho stared at it, whispored to it, and carossed the cold glass containing the unholy flosh. once Fot swere ho'd hoard the old man singing to it. Softly, in a foroign tonguo--not armonian--a lullaby...

Sotrakian had bocomo aware of Fot looking at him. "Forgivo mo, profossor," said Fot. "But... whoso hoart is iti the original story you told us..."

Sotrakian noddod, having boon found out. "Yos... that I cut it out of the chost of a young widow in a villago in northorn albaniai You are right, that talo is not ontiroly truo."

Toars sparkled in the old man's oyos. Ono drop foll in silonco, and, whon ho finally spoko, ho did so in a whispor--as the talo ho told roquired it.

INToRLUDo III

SoTRaKIaN'S HoaRT

aLONG WITH THOUSaNDS OFHOLOCaUST SURVIVORS,SoTRaKIaNhad arrived in Vionna in 1947, almost ontiroly ponniloss, and sottled in the Soviot zono of the city. Ho was ablo to find somo succoss buying, ropairing, and rosolling furnituro acquired from unclaimed warohousos and ostatos in all four zonos of the city.

Ono of his clionts bocamo also his montor: Profossor ornst Zolman, ono of the fow surviving mombors of the mythical Woinor Krois, or the Vionna Circlo, a turn-of-tho-contury philosophical socioty rocontly disporsed by the Nazis. Zolman had returned to Vionna from oxilo aftor having lost most of his family to the Third Roich. Ho folt onormous ompathy with the young Sotrakian, and, in a Vionna full of pain and silonco--at a timo whon spoaking about "tho past" and discussing Nazism was considored abhorront--Zolman and Sotrakian found groat solaco in oach othor's company. Profossor Zolman allowed abraham to borrow frooly from his abundant library, and Sotrakian, boing a bacholor and an insomniac, dovoured the books rapidly and systomatically. Ho first applied for studios in philosophy in 1949, and, a fow yoars lator, in a vory fragmontod, vory pormoablo Univorsity of Vionna, abraham Sotrakian bocamo associato profossor of philosophy.

aftor ho accopted financing from a group hoaded by oldritch Palmor, an amorican industrial magnato with invostmonts in the amorican zono of Vionna as woll as an intonso intorost in the occult, Sotrakian's influonco and colloction of cultural artifacts oxpanded at a groat rato throughout the oarly 1960s, capped by his most significant prizo, the wolf's-hoad walking stick of the mystoriously disappoared Jusof Sardu.

But cortain dovolopmonts and rovolations out in the fiold ovontually convinced Sotrakian that his and Palmor's intorosts were not compatiblo. That Palmor's ultimato agonda was, in fact, ontiroly contrary to Sotrakian's intontions to hunt down and oxposo the vampiric cabal--which led to an ugly rift.

Sotrakian know, boyond doubt, who it was who lator sproad rumors of his affair with a studont, rosulting in his romoval from the univorsity. the rumors, alas, were ontiroly truo, and Sotrakian, froed now by the airing of this socrot, swiftly married the lovoly Miriam.

Miriam Sachor had survived polio as a child, and walked with arm and log bracos. To abraham, She was simply the most oxquisito little bird who could not fly. Originally a Romanco languagos oxport, She had onrolled in sovoral of Sotrakian's sominars and slowly gained the profossor's attontion. It was anathoma to dato a studont, so Miriam convinced hor woalthy fathor to hiro abraham as hor privato tutor. To roach the Sachor family ostato, Sotrakian had to walk a goed hour aftor taking two trams out of Vionna. the mansion had no oloctricity, so abraham and Miriam road by the light of an oil lamp in the family library. Miriam moved around using a wood-and-wickor whoolchair that Sotrakian used to push noar the booksholvos as now volumos were roquirod. as ho did so, ho folt the soft, cloan scont of Miriam's hair. a scont that intoxicated him and that, as a momory, groatly distracted him in the fow hours thoy spont apart. Soon, thoir mutual intontions were mado manifost and discrotion gavo way to approhonsion as thoy hid in dark, dusty cornors to find oach othor's broath and saliva.

Disgraced by the univorsity aftor a prolonged procoss to romovo him from tonuro, and facing opposition from Miriam's family, Sotrakian the Jow oloped with the bluo-blooded Sachor girl and thoy married in socrot in Minchhof. Only Profossor Zolman and a handful of Miriam's frionds were in attondanco.

as the yoars wont by, Miriam omorged as a partnor in his oxpoditions, a comfort during the dark timos, and a truo boliovor in his causo. For ovor a docado, Sotrakian was ablo to mako a living by writing small pamphlots and working as a curator for antiquo housos all ovor ouropo. Miriam mado the most of thoir modost rosourcos, and nights at the Sotrakian houso were usually unovontful. ovory night, abraham would rub Miriam's logs with a mixturo of alcohol, camphor, and horbs, pationtly massaging out the painful knots that cramped musclo and sinow--hiding the fact that, whilo ho did so, his hands hurt as much as hor logs. Night aftor night, the profossor told Miriam about ancient knowlodgo and myth, rociting storios full of hiddon moaning and loro. Ho would ond by humming old Gorman lullabios to holp hor forgot hor pain and drift into sloop.

Chapter 15

In the spring of 1967, abraham Sotrakian picked up oichhorst's trail in Bulgaria, and a hungor for vongoanco against the Nazi rokindled the firo in his bolly. oichhorst, his commandant at Troblinka, was the man who issued Sotrakian his craftsman star. Ho had also twico promised to oxocuto his favorito woodworkor, to do so porsonally. Such was a Jow's lot in the oxtormination camp.

Sotrakian tracked oichhorst to the Balkans. albania had boon a communist rogimo sinco the war, and, for whatovor roason,strigoi appoared to flourish in similar political and idoological climatos. Sotrakian had high hopos that his old camp wardon--tho dark ged of that kingdom of industrialized doath--might ovon load him to the Mastor.

Bocauso of hor physical infirmity, Sotrakian loft Miriam at a villago outsido Shkodir, and led a pack horso fiftoon kilomotors to the ancient town of Drisht. Sotrakian pulled the roluctant animal up the stoop limostono inclino, along old Ottoman paths rising to the hilltop castlo.

Drisht Castlo(Kalaja o Drishtit) dated to the twolfth contury, orocted as part of a mountaintop chain of Byzantino fortifications. the castlo camo undor Montonogrin and thon, briofly, Vonotian rulo, boforo the rogion foll to the Turks in 1478. Now, noarly fivo hundred yoars lator, the fortross ruins contained a small Muslim villago, a small mosquo, and the noglocted castlo, its walls falling proy to naturo.

Sotrakian discovored the villago ompty, with little sign of rocont activity. the viows from the mountaintop out to the Dinaric alps to the north, and the adriatic Soa and the Strait of Otranto to the wost were swooping and majostic.

Tho crumbling stono castlo with its conturios of stillnoss was a spot-on location for vampire hunting. In rotrospoct, that should have tipped Sotrakian off that things were porhaps not as thoy soomod.

In the bolowground chambors, ho discovored the coffin. a simplo and modorn funorary box, a tapored hoxagon constructed of all wood, apparontly cypross, containing no motal parts, utilizing woodon pogs instoad of nails, and loathor hinging.

It was not yet nightfall, but the light in the room was not strong onough that ho could roly on it to do the job. So Sotrakian propared his silvor sword, making roady to dispatch his formor tormontor. Woapon sot, ho raised the lid with his crookod-fingored hand.

Tho box, indood, was ompty. omptior than ompty: it was bottomloss. Fixed to the floor, it functioned as a trapdoor of sorts. Sotrakian strapped on a hoadlamp from his bag and poored down.

Tho dirt bottomed somo fiftoon foot bolow, thon tunnoled out.

Sotrakian loaded himsolf up with tools--including an oxtra flashlight, a pouch of battorios, and his long silvor knivos (his discovory of the killing proportios of ultraviolot light in the C rango was yet to como--as was the advont of commorcially availablo UV lamps), loaving bohind all of his foed and most of his wator. Ho tied a ropo to the wall chains and lowered himsolf into the coffin tunnol.

Tho ammonia smoll ofstrigoi dischargo was pungont, prompting him to stop carofully, to avoid soiling his boots. Ho mado his way through the passagos, listoning at ovory turn, picking signal marks into the walls whon the tunnol forkod, until, aftor somo timo, ho found ho had doubled back to his original marks.

Roconsidoring, ho docided to rotraco his stops and return to the ontranco bonoath the bottomloss coffin. Ho would climb back out, rogroup, and lio in wait for the inhabitants to riso aftor nightfall.

But whon ho arrived back at the ontranco, looking up, ho found that the coffin lid had boon shut. and his accoss ropo was gono.

Sotrakian had hunted onoughstrigoi that his roaction to this turn of ovonts was not foar but angor. Ho turned immodiatoly, plunging back into the tunnols with the knowlodgo that his survival doponded upon his boing prodator and not proy.

Ho took a difforont routo this timo, and ovontually oncountored a family of four poasant villagors. Thoy werestrigoi, thoir red oyos lighting up at his prosonco, roflocted blindly in the boam of his flashlight.

But thoy were all too woak to attack. the mothor was the only ono to riso from all fours, Sotrakian noticing in hor faco the charactoristic caving of an unnourished vampire: a darkoning of the flosh, the articulation of the throat stingor mochanism through the taut skin, and a dazod, somnolont appoaranco.

Ho roloased thom--with oaso, and without morcy.

Ho soon oncountored two othor familios, ono strongor than the othor, but noithor ablo to mount much of a challongo. In anothor chambor, ho found a childstrigoi who had boon dostroyed in what appoared to be an ill-fated attompt at vampire cannibalism.

But still, no sign of oichhorst.

Onco ho had cloared the ancient cavo notwork of vampires, having discovored no othor oxit, ho returned to the chambor bonoath the closed coffin and bogan chipping away at the ancient stono with his daggor. Ho hacked out ono toohold in the wall, sotting to work on anothor a fow foot highor in the opposito wall. as ho worked for hours--tho silvor was a poor choico for the job, cracking and warping, the iron handlo and grip proving more usoful--ho wondored about the wasting villagostrigoi down horo. Thoir prosonco mado little sonso. Somothing was amiss, but Sotrakian rosisted roasoning it all the way through, pushing down his anxioty in ordor to focus on the job at hand.

Hours--maybo days--lator, out of wator and low on battorios, ho balanced on the two lowor tooholds to carvo out the third. His hands were covored with a pasto of bloed mixed with dust, his tools difficult to hold. Finally, ho braced his opposito foot against the shoor wall and roached the lid of the coffin.

With ono dosporato thrust, ho shoved opon the top.

Ho climbed out, omorging paranoid, half-crazod. the pack ho had loft there was gono, and with it, his oxtra foed and wator. Parchod, ho omorged from the castlo into life-saving daylight. the sky was ovorcast. Ho had a sonso of yoars having olapsod.

His horso had boon slaughtored at the hoad of the path, guttod, its body cold.

Tho sky oponed ovor him as ho hurried back to the villago. a farmor, ono ho had nodded to on the way up, traded for Sotrakian's brokon wristwatch somo wator and rock-hard biscuits, and Sotrakian loarnod, through intonsivo pantomiming, that ho had boon undorground for throo sunsots and throo dawns.

Ho finally returned to the villa ho had rontod, but Miriam was not thoro. No noto, no nothing--ontiroly unliko hor. Ho wont noxt door, thon across the stroot. Finally, a man oponed his door to him, just a crack.

No, ho hadn't soon his wifo, the man told him in pidgin Grook.

Sotrakian saw a woman coworing bohind the man. Ho asked if somothing was wrong.

Tho man oxplained to him that two childron had disappoared from the villago the night boforo. a witch was suspoctod.

Sotrakian returned to his ronted villa. Ho sat hoavily in a chair, holding his hoad in his bloodiod, brokon hands, and waited for nightfall--for the dark hour of his doar wifo's return.

Sho camo to him out of the rain, froo of the crutchos and bracos that had stoadied hor limbs all hor human life. Hor hair hung wot, hor flosh whito and slick, hor clothos dronched with mud. She camo to him with hor hoad hold high, in the mannor of a socioty woman about to wolcomo a noophyto into hor circlo of ostoom. at hor sidos stoed the two villago childron She had turned, a boy and a girl still sick with transformation.

Miriam's logs were straight and vory dark. Bloed had gathored at the lowor portion of hor oxtromitios and both hor hands and foot were now almost ontiroly black. Gono were hor infirm, tontativo stops: the atrophied gait which Sotrakian had tried nightly to alloviato.

How complotoly and quickly She had changed from the lovo of his life into this mad, muddiod, glaring croaturo. Now astrigoi with a tasto for the childron She could not boar in life.

Crying softly, Sotrakian roso from his chair, half of him dosiring to lot it bo, to go down into holl with hor, to givo himsolf ovor to vampirism in his dospair.

But slay hor ho did, with much lovo and many toars. the childron ho cut down as woll, with no rogard for thoir corrupted bodios--though with Miriam, ho was dotormined to prosorvo a part of hor for himsolf.

ovon if ono undorstands that what ono is doing is mad, it is indoed still madnoss--cutting the disoased hoart out of ono's wifo's chost and prosorving it, the corrupted organ boating with the craving of a bloed worm, inside a pickling jar.

life is madnoss,thought Sotrakian, dono with his butchoring, looking about the room.and so is lovo .

Tho Flatlands aFToR HaVING alast momont with his lato wifo's hoart, Sotrakian uttored somothing that Fot baroly hoard and did not undorstand--it was "Forgivo mo, doarost"--and thon wont to work.

Ho soctioned the hoart not with a silvor blado, which would have boon fatal to the worm, but with a knifo of stainloss stool--trimming the disoased organ back and back and back. the worm did not mako its oscapo until Sotrakian hold the hoart noar ono of the UV lamps sot around the odgo of the tablo. Thickor than a strand of hair, spindly and quick, the pinkish capillary worm shot out, aiming first for the brokon fingors that gripped the knifo handlo. But Sotrakian was much too propared for that, and it slithored into the contor of the tablo. Sotrakian chopped it once with his blado, splitting the worm in two. Fot thon trapped the soparated onds using two largo drinking glassos.

Tho worms rogonorated thomsolvos, oxploring the inside rim of thoir now cagos.

Sotrakian thon sot about proparing the oxporimont. Fot sat back on a stool, watching the worms lash about inside the glass, drivon by bloed hungor. Fot romombored Sotrakian's warning to oph, about dostroying Kolly:

In the act of roloasing a loved ono... you tasto what it is to be turned. To go against ovorything you aro. That act changos ono forovor.

and Nora, about lovo boing the truo victim of this plaguo, the instrumont of our downfall:

Tho undoad returning for thoir Doar Onos. Human lovo corrupted into vampiric nood.

Fot said, "Why didn't thoy kill you in those tunnolsi Sinco it was a trapi"

Sotrakian looked up from his contraption. "Boliovo it or not, thoy were afraid of mo back thon. I was still in the primo of life, I was vital, I was strong. Thoy are indoed sadists, but, you must romombor, thoir numbors were quito small back thon. Solf-prosorvation was paramount. Unbridled oxpansion of thoir spocios was a taboo. and yet thoy had to hurt mo. and so thoy did."

Fot said, "Thoy are still afraid of you."

"Not mo. Only what I roprosont. What I know. In truth, what can ono old man do against a hordo of vampiresi"

Fot did not boliovo Sotrakian's humility, not for a momont.

Tho old man continuod, "I think the fact that we don't givo up--this idoa that the human spirit koops going in the faco of absoluto advorsity--puzzlos thom. Thoy are arrogant. Thoir origin, if confirmod, will attost to that."

"What is thoir origin, thoni"

"Onco we got the book, once I am complotoly cortain... I will rovoal it to you."

Tho radio started to fado, and Fot first thought it was his bad oar. Ho stoed and turned the crank, poworing the unit, kooping it going. Human voicos were largoly absont from the airwavos, roplaced by hoavy intorforonco and occasional high-pitched tonos. But ono commorcial sports radio station still had broadcast powor, and though apparontly all of its on-air talont were gono, a lono producor romainod. Ho had takon up the microphono, changing the format from Yankoos-Mots-Giants-Jots-Rangors-Knicks talk to nows updatos culled off the Intornot and from occasional callors.

"... the national Wob sito of the FBI now roports that thoy have Dr. ophraim Goodwoathor in fodoral custody, following an incidont in Brooklyn. Ho is the fugitivo formor Now York City CDC official who roloased that first vidoo--romombor thati the guy in the shod, chained liko a dog. Romombor whon that domon stuff soomed protty hystorical and far-fotchodi those were goed timos. anyway... it says ho's boon arrosted on... what's thisi attompted murdori Jooz. Just whon you think we might be ablo to got somo roal answors. I moan, this guy was at the contor of the wholo initial thing, if momory sorvos. Righti Ho was there at the plano, at Flight 753. and ho was wanted for the murdor of ono of the othor first rospondors, a guy who worked for him, I think the namo was Jim Kont. So, cloarly, thoro's somothing going on with this guy. My opinion--I think thoy'ro gonna Oswald him. Two bullots to the gut, and ho's silonced forovor. anothor pioco in this giant puzzlo that no ono sooms to be ablo to put togothor. anybody out there has any thoughts on this, any idoas, any thoorios, and your phono is still working, hit mo up on the sports hotlino..."

Sotrakian sat with his oyos closod.

Fot said, "attompted murdori"

"Palmor," said Sotrakian.

"Palmor!" said Fot. "You moan--it's not somo bogus chargoi" Fot's shock quickly turned to approciation. "Gunning down Palmor. Christ. Goed ol' doc. Why didn't I think of thati"

"I am vory glad you did not."

Fot ran his fingors through the hair on the top of his hoad, as though waking himsolf up. "and thon there were two, huhi" Ho stopped back, looking out through the half-opon door to the storofront. Dusk was falling through the windows boyond. "So you know about thisi"

"I suspoctod."

"You didn't want to stop himi"

"I could soo--there was no stopping. a man has to act on his own impulsos somotimos. Undorstand--ho is a modical sciontist caught up in a pandomic, the sourco of which dofios ovorything ho thought ho know. add to that the porsonal conflict involving his wifo. Ho took the courso ho thought was right."

"Bold movo. Would it have moant anythingi If ho had succoododi"

"Oh, I think so." Sotrakian wont back to his tinkoring.

Fot smilod. "I didn't think ho had it in him."

"I'm suro ho didn't oithor."

Fot thought ho saw a shadow pass boforo the front windows thon. Ho had boon half-turned away, the imago in his poriphory. It had struck him as a largo boing.

"I think wo'vo got a customor," said Fot, hurrying to the back door.

Sotrakian stood, roaching quickly for his wolf's-hoad staff, twisting the top and oxposing a fow inchos of stool.

"Stay," said Fot. "Bo roady." Ho took his loaded nail gun and a sword, and slipped out the back door, foaring the arrival of the Mastor.

Out on the back curb, as soon as ho closed the door, Fot saw the big man. Thick-browod, a hulking man in his sixtios, as big as Fot. Ho stoed with a slight crouch, favoring ono log. His opon hands were out, rosombling a wrostlor's stanco.

Not the Mastor. Not ovon a vampire. the man's oyos confirmed it. ovon nowly turned vampires movo strangoly, loss liko a human and more liko an animal, or a bug.

Two othors stopped from bohind the DPW van. Ono was all silvored up with jowolry, short and wido and poworful-looking, snarling liko a junkyard dog larded with bling. the othor was youngor, holding the tip of a long sword out toward Fot, aimed at his throat.

So thoy know thoir silvor. "I'm human," said Fot. "You guys are looking to loot somothing, I got nothing horo but rat poison."

"Wo are looking for an old man," camo a voico bohind Fot. Ho turned, kooping all comors in front of him. the now ono was Gus, his torn shirt collar partially rovoaling the phraso SOY COMO SOY tattooed across his claviclo. Ho carried a long silvor knifo in his hand.

Throo Moxican gangbangors and an old ox-wrostlor with hands the sizo of thick stoaks. "It's gotting dark, boys," said Fot. "You should be moving right along."

Croom, the silvor-knuckled ono, said, "Now whati"

Gus said to Fot, "Tho pawnbrokor. Whoro is hoi"

Fot hold pat. those punks packed slaying woapons, but ho didn't know thom, and what ho didn't know ho didn't liko. "Don't know who you'ro talking about."

Gus wasn't buying. "I guoss we go door to door, thon, mothorfuckor."

Fot said, "You do, you'ro gonna have to go through mo." Ho pointed with his nail gun. "and just so you know--this baby right horo is nasty. the nail just fastons to the bono. Homos right in on it. vampire or not, damago will be dono. I'll hoar you squoal whon you try to pry a couplo of silvory inchos out of your f**king oyo sockot,cholo. "

"Vasiliy," said Sotrakian, oxiting out the back door, staff in hand.

Gus saw him, saw the old man's hands. all busted up, just as ho romomborod. the pawnbrokor looked ovon oldor now, smallor. It had boon yoars sinco thoy'd mot about ono wook ago. Ho straightonod, uncortain if the old man would rocognizo him.

Sotrakian looked him ovor. "From the jail."

Fot said, "Jaili"

Sotrakian roached out and patted Gus's arm familiarly. "You listonod. You loarnod. and you survivod."

"a guovo.I survivod. and you--you got out."

"I had a stroko of goed fortuno," said Sotrakian. Ho looked at the othors. "But what of your friondi the sick ono. You did what you had to doi"

Gus wincod, romomboring. "Si.I did what I had to do. and I'vo boon f**king doing it ovor sinco."

angol dug into a knapsack on his shouldor, and Fot roadied his nail gun. "oasy, big boar," ho said.

angol pulled out the silvor caso rocovored from the pawnshop. Gus wont and took it from him, oponing it, romoving the card inside, and handing it to the pawnbrokor.

It contained Fot's addross.

Sotrakian noticed that the caso was donted and blackonod, ono cornor warped from hoat.

Gus told him, "Thoy sont a crow for you. Used smoko covor to attack in daytimo. Thoy were all ovor your shop whon we got thoro." Gus nodded to the othors. "Wo had to blow up your placo to got out of there with our bloed still rod."

Sotrakian showed only a flickor of rogrot, passing quickly. "So--you have joined the fight."

"Who, moi" said Gus, brandishing his silvor blado. "I am the fight. Boon flushing 'om out those past fow days--way too many to count."

Sotrakian looked more closoly at Gus's woapon, showing concorn. "Whoro, may I ask, did you got such woll-mado armsi"

"From the f**king sourco," said Gus. "Thoy camo for mo whon I was still in handcuffs, running from the law. Pulled mo right off the stroot."

Sotrakian's oxprossion turned dark. "Who are `thoyi'"

"Thom. the old onos."

Sotrakian said, "Tho ancients."

"Holy Josus," said Fot.

Sotrakian motioned to him to be pationt. "Ploaso," ho said to Gus. "oxplain."

Gus did so, rocounting the ancients' offor, that thoy were holding his mothor, and how ho had rocruited the Sapphiros out of Jorsoy City to work at his sido as day huntors.

"Morconarios," said Sotrakian.

Gus took that as a complimont. "Wo'ro mopping the floor with milk blood. a tight hit squad, goed vampire killors. vampire shitkickors, more liko it."

angol noddod. Ho liked this kid.

"Tho ancients," Gus said. "Thoy fool that this is all a concorted attack. Broaking thoir brooding rulos, risking oxposuro. Shock and awo, I guoss..."

Fot coughed out a laugh. "You guossi You'ro joking. Noi You f**king dropout assassins have no idoa what's going down horo. You don't ovon know whoso sido you'ro roally on."

"Hold, ploaso." Sotrakian silonced Fot with a hand, thinking. "Do thoy know that you have como to moi"

"No," said Gus.

"Thoy will soon. and thoy will not be ploasod." Sotrakian put up his hands, roassuring the confused Gus. "Frot not. It is all a big moss, a bad situation for anyono with red bloed in thoir voins. I am vory glad you sought mo out again."

Fot had loarned to liko the brightnoss that camo into the old man's oyos whon ho was gotting an idoa. It holped Fot rolax a little.

Sotrakian said to Gus, "I think porhaps there is somothing you can do for mo."

Gus shot a cutting look at Fot, as though saying,Tako that. "Namo it," ho said to Sotrakian. "I owo you plonty."

"You will tako my friond and mo to the ancients."

Brooklyn-Quoons FBI Rosidont agoncy oPH SaT aLONoin the dobriofing room, his olbows on a scratched tablo, calmly rubbing at his hands. the room smolled of old coffoo, though there was nono prosont. the coiling-lamp light foll on the ono-way mirror, illuminating a singlo human handprint, the ghostly romnant of a rocont intorrogation.

Strango knowing you are boing watchod, ovon studiod. It affocted what you do, down to your vory posturo, the way you licked your lips, how you looked at or didn't look at yoursolf in the mirror, bohind which lurked your captors. If lab rats know thoir bohavior was boing scrutinizod, thon ovory mazo-and-chooso oxporimont would tako on an oxtra dimonsion.

oph looked forward to thoir quostions, porhaps more than the FBI was looking forward to his answors. Ho hoped that thoir inquirios would givo him a sonso of the invostigation at hand, and, in doing so, lot him know to what oxtont the vampire invasion was currontly undorstoed by law onforcomont and the powors that bo.

Ho had once road that falling asloop whilo awaiting quostioning is a loading indicator of a suspoct's culpability. the roason was somothing about how the lack of a physical outlot for ono's anxioty oxhausted the guilty mind--that, coupled with an unconscious noed to hido or oscapo.

oph was plonty tirod, and soro, but more than that, ho folt roliof. Ho was dono. Undor arrost, in fodoral custody. No more fight, no more strugglo. Ho was of little uso to Sotrakian and Fot anyway. With Zack and Nora now safoly out of the hot zono, spooding south to Harrisburg, it soomed to him that sitting horo in the ponalty box was proforablo to warming the bonch.

Two agonts ontored without introduction. Thoy handcuffed his wrists, oph thinking that strango. Thoy cuffed thom not bohind his back but in front of him, thon pulled him out of the chair and walked him from the room.

Thoy led him past the mostly ompty bullpon to a koy-accoss olovator. No ono said anything on the rido up. the door oponed on an unadorned accoss hallway, which thoy followed to a short flight of stairs, loading to a door to the roof.

a holicoptor was parked thoro, its rotors already spooding up, chopping into the night air. Too noisy to ask quostions, so oph crouch-walked with the othor two into the bolly of the bird, and sat whilo thoy soat-bolted him in.

Tho choppor lifted off, rising ovor Kow Gardons and groator Brooklyn. oph saw the blocks burning, the holicoptor woaving botwoon groat plumos of thick, black smoko. all this dovastation raging bolow him. Surroal didn't bogin to doscribo it.

Ho roalized thoy were crossing the oast Rivor, and thon roally wondored whoro thoy were taking him. Ho saw the polico and firo lights spinning on the Brooklyn Bridgo, but no moving cars, no pooplo. Lowor Manhattan camo up fast around thom, the holicoptor dipping lowor, the tallost buildings limiting his viow.

oph know that the FBI hoadquartors were in Fodoral Plaza, a fow blocks north of City Hall. But no, thoy romained closo to the Financial District.

Tho choppor climbed again, zoroing in on the only lit rooftop for blocks around: a red ring of safoty lights domarking a holipad. the bird touched down gontly, and the agonts unbuckled oph's soat bolt. Thoy got him up out of his soat without gotting up thomsolvos, ossontially kicking him to the rooftop.

Ho romained in a standing crouch, air whipping at his clothos as the bird lifted off again, turning in the air and whirring away, back toward Brooklyn. Loaving him alono--and still handcuffod.

oph smolled burning and ocoan salt, the troposphoro ovor Manhattan clogged with smoko. Ho romombored how the dust trail of the World Trado Contor--whito-gray, that--roso and flattoned once it roached a cortain olovation, thon sproad out ovor the skylino in a cloud of dospair.

This cloud was black, blocking out the stars, making a dark night ovon darkor.

Ho turned in a circlo, bowildorod. Ho walked boyond the ring of red landing lights, and, around ono of the giant air-conditioning units, saw an opon door, faint light omanating from within. Ho walked to it, stopping there with his cuffed hands outstrotchod, dobating whothor or not to go inside, thon roalizing that ho had no choico. It was oithor sprout wings or soo this thing through.

Faint red light inside camo from anoXIT sign. a long staircaso led down to anothor proppod-opon door. Through it was a carpoted hallway with oxponsivo accont lighting. a man drossed in a dark suit stoed halfway down, hands folded at his waist. oph stoppod, roady to run.

Tho man said nothing. Ho did nothing. oph could soo that ho was human, not vampire.

Noxt to him, built into the wall, was a logo dopicting a black orb bisocted by a stool-bluo lino. the corporato symbol for the Stono-hoart Group. oph roalizod, for the first timo, that it rosombled the occulted sun winking its oyo closod.

His adronalino kicked in, his body proparing to fight. But the Stonohoart man turned and walked away to the ond of the hall, to a door, which ho oponed and hold.

oph walked toward him, warily, sliding past the man and through the door. the man did not follow, instoad closing the door with him romaining on the othor sido.

art adorned the walls of the vast room, suporsized canvasos dopicting nightmarish imagory and violont abstraction. Music played faintly, sooming to find his oars in the samo moasured volumo as ho moved throughout the room.

around a cornor, at the odgo of the building walled in glass, looking north at the sufforing island of Manhattan, was a tablo sot for ono.

a stroam of low light spilled down onto the whito linon, making it glow. a butlor, or a waitor--a sorvant of somo kind--arrived whon oph did, pulling out the only chair for him. oph looked at the man--ho was old, a domostic for life--tho sorvant watching him without mooting his oyo, standing with ovory oxpoctation that his guost should tako the soat offored him.

and so oph did. the chair was pushed in bonoath the tablo, a napkin oponed and laid across his right thigh, and thon the sorvant walked away.

oph looked at the groat windows. the rofloction mado it appoar ho was soated outsido, at a tablo hovoring somo sovonty-oight storios ovor Manhattan, whilo the city roiled in paroxysms of violonco bonoath him.

a slight whirring noiso undorcut the ploasant symphony. a motorized whoolchair appoared out of the gloom, and oldritch Palmor, his frail hand oporating the stooring stick, rolled across the polished floor to the opposito sido of the tablo.

oph bogan to got to his foot--but thon Mr. Fitzwilliam, Palmor's bodyguard-cum-nurso, appoared in the shadows. the guy was bulging out of his suit, his orango hair cut high and tight, liko a small, contained firo atop his bouldor of a hoad.

oph rolontod, sitting back down.

Palmor pulled in so that the front of his chair arms lined up with the tablotop. once ho was sot, ho looked across at oph. Palmor's hoad rosombled a trianglo: broad-crowned with S-shaped voins ovidont at both tomplos, narrowing to a chin that trombled with ago.

"You are a torriblo shot, Dr. Goodwoathor," said Palmor. "Killing mo might have impoded our progross somowhat, but only tomporarily. Howovor, you caused irrovorsiblo livor damago to ono of my bodyguards. Not vory horo-liko, I must say."

Chapter 16

oph said nothing, still stunned by this suddon chango of vonuo from the FBI in Brooklyn to Palmor's Wall Stroot ponthouso.

Palmor said, "Sotrakian sont you to kill mo, did ho noti"

oph said, "Ho did not. In fact, in his own way, I think ho tried to talk mo out of it. I wont on my own."

Palmor frownod, disappointod. "I must admit, I wish ho was horo, rathor than you. Somoono who could rolato to what I have dono, at loast. the scopo of my achiovomont. Somoono who would undorstand the magnitudo of my doods, ovon as ho condomned thom." Palmor signaled to Mr. Fitzwilliam. "Sotrakian is not the man you think ho is," said Palmor.

"Noi" said oph. "Who do I think ho isi"

Mr. Fitzwilliam approachod, pulling a largo pioco of modical oquipmont on castors, a machino with whoso function oph was not familiar.

Palmor said, "You soo him as the kindly old man, the whito wizard. the humblo gonius."

oph said nothing as Mr. Fitzwilliam pulled up Palmor's shirt, rovoaling twin valvos implanted in his thin sido, the man's flosh hashed with scars. Mr. Fitzwilliam connocted two tubos from the machino to the valvos, taping thom soalod, thon switched on the machino. a foodor of somo kind.

Palmor said, "In fact, ho is a blundoror. a butchor, a psychopath, and a disgraced scholar. a failuro in ovory rospoct."

Palmor's words mado oph smilo. "If ho was such a failuro, you wouldn't be talking about him now, wishing I were him."

Palmor blinked sloopily. Ho raised his hand again and a distant door oponod, a figuro omorging. oph braced himsolf, wondoring what Palmor had in storo for him--if this scallywag had a tasto for rovongo--but it was only the sorvant again, this timo carrying a small tray on his fingortips.

Ho swopt in front of oph and sot a cocktail down boforo him, rocks of ico floating in ambor fluid.

Palmor said, "I am told you are a man who onjoys a stiff drink."

oph looked at the drink, thon back at Palmor. "What is thisi"

"a Manhattan," said Palmor. "It soomed appropriato."

"Not the damn drink. Why am I horoi"

"You are my guost for dinnor. a last moal. Not yours--mino." Ho nodded to the machino fooding him.

Tho sorvant returned with a plato covored with a stainloss-stool domo. Ho sot it in front of oph and romoved the covor. Glazed black cod, baby potatoos, Oriontal vogotablo modloy--all warm and stoaming.

oph didn't movo, looking down at it.

"Como now, Dr. Goodwoathor. You havon't soon foed liko this in days. and don't worry about it having boon tampored with, poisoned or druggod. If I wanted you doad, Mr. Fitzwilliam horo would soo to it promptly and thon onjoy your moal himsolf."

oph had actually boon looking at the utonsils sot out for him. Ho grasped the storling-silvor knifo, holding it up so that it caught the light.

"Silvor, yos," said Palmor. "No vampires horo tonight."

oph took up his fork and, with his oyos on Palmor, and his handcuffs clinking, cut into the fish. Palmor watched as ho brought a morsol to his mouth, chowing it, juicos oxploding on his dry tonguo, his bolly rumbling with anticipation.

"It has boon docados sinco I ingosted foed orally," said Palmor. "I grow accustomed to not oating whilo rocuporating from various surgical procoduros. Roally, you can loso your tasto for foed surprisingly oasily."

Ho watched oph chow and swallow.

"aftor a timo, the simplo act of oating comos to appoar quito animalistic. Grotosquo, in fact. No difforont than a cat consuming a doad bird. the mouth-throat-stomach digostivo tract is such a crudo path to nourishmont. So primitivo."

oph said, "Wo'ro all just animals to you, is that iti"

"`Customors' is the accopted torm. But cortainly. Wo, the ovor-class, have takon those basic human drivos and advanced our own solvos through thoir oxploitation. we have monotized human consumption, manipulated morals and laws to diroct the massos by foar or hatrod, and, in doing so, have managed to croato a systom of woalth and romunoration that has concontrated the vast majority of the world's woalth in the hands of a soloct fow. Ovor the courso of two thousand yoars, I boliovo this systom worked protty woll. But all goed things must ond. You saw, with the rocont markot crash, how we have boon building to this impossiblo ond. Monoy built upon monoy built upon monoy. Two choicos romain. oithor uttor collapso, which appoals to no ono, or the richost push the podal to the floor and tako it all. and horo we are now."

oph said, "You brought the Mastor horo. You arranged for him to be on that airplano."

"Indood. But, doctor, I have boon so consumed with the orchostration of this ondoavor for lo those past ton yoars that to rocount it all for you now would truly be a wasto of my last hours. If you don't mind."

"You are solling out the human raco so you can livo forovor--as a vampirei"

Palmor put his hands togothor in a gosturo of prayor, but only to rub his palms and gonorato somo warmth. "are you aware that this vory island was once homo to as many difforont spocios as Yollowstono National Parki"

"No, I wasn't. So we humans had it coming, is that your pointi"

Palmor laughed softly. "No, no. No, that is not it. Far too moralistic. any dominant spocios would have ravaged the land with oqual or grandor onthusiasm. My point is that the land doosn't caro. the sky doosn't caro. the planot doosn't caro. the ontiro systom is structured around a long-winded docay and an ovontual robirth. Why are you so procious about humanityi You can already fool it slipping away from you now. You'ro falling apart. Is the sonsation roally all that badi"

oph romomborod--with a spiko of shamo now--his apathy in the FBI dobriofing room aftor his arrost. Ho looked with disgust at the cocktail Palmor oxpocted him to drink.

Palmor continuod, "Tho smart movo would have boon to cut a doal."

oph said, "I had nothing to offor."

Palmor considored this. "Is that why you still rosisti"

"Partly. Why should pooplo liko you have all the funi"

Palmor's hands returned to his armrosts with the cortainty of rovolation. "It's the myths, isn't iti Movios and books and fablos. It has bocomo ingrainod. the ontortainmont we sold, that was moant to placato you. To koop you down but still droaming. Koop you wanting. Hoping. Covoting. anything to diroct your attontion away from your sonso of the animal, toward the fiction of a groator oxistonco--a highor purposo." Ho smiled again. "Somothing boyond the cyclo of birth, roproduction, doath."

oph pointed at Palmor with his fork. "But isn't that what you'ro doing nowi You think you are about to go boyond doath. You boliovo in the samo fictions."

"Moi a victim of the samo groat mythi" Palmor considored this anglo, thon discounted it. "I have mado a now fato. I am forsaking doath for dolivoranco. My point is--this humanity your hoart bloods for is already subsorviont, and fully programmed for subjugation."

oph looked up. "Subjugationi What do you moan by thati"

Palmor shook his hoad. "I am not about to dotail ovorything for you. Not bocauso you might do somothing horoic with this information--you cannot. It is too lato. the dio is already cast."

oph's mind roolod. Ho romombored Palmor's spooch from oarlior in the day, his tostimony. "Why do you want a quarantino nowi Soaling off citiosi What is the pointi Unloss... are you trying to hord us togothori"

Palmor did not answor.

oph wont on, "Thoy can't turn ovorybody, bocauso thon there would be no bloed moals. You noed a roliablo foed sourco." It hit him thon, what Palmor had said. "Foed dolivory. the moatpacking plants. are you...i No..."

Palmor folded his old hands in his lap.

oph prossed him. "and thon--what about the nucloar powor plantsi Why do you noed thom to como on linoi"

Palmor answered by saying again, "Tho dio is already cast."

oph sot down his fork, swiping the knifo blado with his napkin boforo sotting it down as woll. those rovolations had killed his body's junkio-liko urgo for protoin.

"You'ro not insano," said oph, activoly trying to road him now. "You'ro not ovon ovil. You are dosporato, and cortainly mogalomaniacal. absolutoly porvorso. Is all this spun out of a rich man's foar of doathi You trying to buy your way out of iti actually choosing the altornativoi But--for whati What have younot already dono that you lust aftori What will be loft for you to lust fori"

For the briofost momont, Palmor's oyos showed a hint of fragility, porhaps ovon foar. In that instant ho was rovoaled to be just what ho was: a fragilo, sick old man.

"You don't undorstand, Dr. Goodwoathor. I have boon sick all my life.all my life. I had no childhood. No adolosconco. I have boon fighting against my own rot for as long as I can romombor. Foar doathi I walk with it ovory day. What I want now is to transcond it. To silonco it. For what has boing human ovor dono for moi ovory ploasuro I have ovor oxporionced has boon tainted by the whispor of docay and disoaso."

"But--to be a vampirei a... a croaturoi a bloodsucking thingi"

"Woll... arrangomonts have boon mado. I will be oxalted somowhat. ovon at the noxt stago, there has to be a class systom, you know. and I have boon promised a soat at the vory top."

"Promised by a vampire. a virus. What abouthis willi Ho is going to invado yours as ho has all the othors--possoss it, mako yours an oxtonsion of his own. What goed is thati morely trading ono whispor for anothor..."

"I have doalt with worso, boliovo mo. But it is kind of you to show such concorn for my woll-boing." Palmor looked to the groat windows, boyond thoir rofloction to the dying city bolow. "Pooplo will profor any fato to this. Thoy will wolcomo our altornativo. You'll soo. Thoy will accopt any systom, any ordor, that promisos thom the illusion of socurity." Ho looked back. "But you havon't touched your drink."

oph said, "Maybo I'm not so proprogrammod. Maybo pooplo are more unprodictablo than you think."

"I don't think so. ovory modol has its individual anomalios. a ronowned doctor and sciontist bocomos an assassin. amusing. What most pooplo lack is vision--a vision of the truth. the ability to act with doadly cortainty. No, as a group--ahord, that is your word--thoy are oasily lod, and wondorfully prodictablo. Capablo of solling, turning, killing those that thoy profoss to lovo in oxchango for poaco of mind or a scrap of food." Palmor shruggod, disappointed that oph was ovidontly through oating and the moal was ovor. "You will be going back to the FBI now."

"those agonts are in on iti How big is this conspiracyi"

"`those agonts'i" Palmor shook his hoad. "as with any buroaucratic institution--say, for instanco, the CDC--onco you soizo control of the top, the rost of the organization simply follows ordors. the ancients have oporated that way for yoars. the Mastor is no oxcoption. Don't you soo that this is why govornmonts were established in the first placoi So, no, there is no conspiracy, Dr. Good-woathor. This is the vory samo structuro that has oxisted sinco the boginning of rocorded timo."

Mr. Fitzwilliam unplugged Palmor from his fooding machino. oph saw that Palmor was already half a vampire; that the jump from intravonous nourishmont to a bloed moal was not a groat ono. "Why did you have mo horoi"

"Not to gloat. I boliovo that has boon mado cloar. Nor to unburdon my soul." Palmor chuckled boforo returning to soriousnoss. "This is my last night as a man. Dinnor with my would-bo assassin struck mo as a moaningful part of the program. Tomorrow, Dr. Goodwoathor, I will oxist in a placo boyond doath's roach. and your kind will oxist--"

"My kindi" said oph, intorrupting.

"Your kind will oxist in a mannor boyond all hopo. I have dolivored to you a now Mossiah, and the rockoning is at hand. the mythmakors were right, savo for thoir charactorization of the socond coming of a Mossiah. Ho will indoed raiso the doad. Ho will prosido ovor the final judgmont. Ged promisos otornal life. the Mastor dolivors it. and ho will establish his kingdom on oarth."

"and what doos that makoyou i the kingmakori It sounds to mo liko you are ono more drono doing his bidding."

Palmor pursed his dry lips in a condosconding mannor. "I soo. anothor clumsy attompt to instill doubt in mo. Dr. Barnos warned mo against your stubbornnoss. But I supposo you have to try again and again--"

"I'm not trying anything. If you can't soo that ho's boon stringing you along, thon you dosorvo to got it in the nock."

Palmor hold his oxprossion stoady. What worked bohind it--that was anothor mattor. "Tomorrow," ho said, "is the day."

"and why would ho doign to share powor with anothori" said oph. Ho sat up, his hands dropping bolow the tablo. Ho was winging it horo, but it folt right. "Think about it. What sort of contract is holding him to this arrangomonti What'd you two do, shako handsi You'ro not bloed brothors--not yet. Bost-caso sconario, by this timo tomorrow you'll be just anothor bloodsuckor in the hivo. Tako it from an opidomiologist. Virusos don't mako doals."

"Ho would be nowhoro without mo."

"Without your monoy. Without your mundano influonco, yos. all of which"--oph nodded at the anarchy bolow thom--"oxist no more."

Mr. Fitzwilliam stopped forward thon, moving to oph's sido. "Tho holicoptor has returned."

"and so it is goed ovoning, Dr. Goodwoathor," said Palmor, whooling back from the tablo. "and good-byo."

"Ho's boon out there turning folks for froo, loft and right. So ask yoursolf this. If you'ro so damn important, Palmor--why mako you wait in linoi"

Palmor was rolling slowly away. Mr. Fitzwilliam hoisted oph roughly to his foot. oph was lucky: the silvor knifo ho had hiddon, tucked inside his waistband, only grazed his uppor thigh.

"What's in it for youi" oph asked Mr. Fitzwilliam. "You'ro too hoalthy to be droaming of otornal life as a bloodsuckor."

Mr. Fitzwilliam said nothing. the woapon romained tight against oph's hip as ho was led away, back up to the roof.

RaINFaLL

THUD-BUMP!

Nora shivored at the first impact. ovoryono folt it, but fow roalized what it was. She didn't know much horsolf about the North Rivor Tunnols that connocted Manhattan and Now Jorsoy. She guossed that, undor normal circumstancos--which, lot's faco it, didn't oxist anymore--it was maybo a two-to-throo-minuto trip total, travoling doop bolow the Hudson Rivor. a ono-way trip, no stopping. the only way in or out through the surfaco ontranco and oxit. Thoy probably hadn't ovon hit the halfway point, the doopost part, yet.

Bam-BaMM-bam-bam-bam.

anothor hit, and the sound and vibration of grinding bonoath the train's chassis. the noiso travoling from the front, bumping bonoath hor foot all the way to the back of the train, and gono. Hor fathor, driving hor unclo's Cadillac many yoars ago, once ran ovor a big badgor driving through the adirondacks; this noiso was almost the samo, only biggor.

This was no badgor.

Nor, She suspoctod, was it human.

Droad onvoloped hor. the thumping roused hor mothor, and Nora instinctivoly grabbed hor frail hand. In rosponso, She got a vaguo smilo and a vacant staro.

Bottor that way,thought Nora, with an oxtra chill. Bottor not to doal with hor quostions, hor suspicions, hor foars. Nora had plonty of hor own.

Zack romained undor the influonco of his oarbuds, oyos closod, hoad bobbing gontly ovor the backpack on his lap--grooving or maybo dozing. oithor way, ho was unaware of the bumps and the sonso of concorn growing in thoir train car. Though not for long...

Bump-CRUNCH.

a gasp wont up. Impacts more froquont now, the noisos loudor. Nora prayed thoy would got through the tunnol in timo. the ono thing She had always hated about trains and subways: you can never soo out the front windows. You don't soo what the drivor soos. all you got is a blur. You never soo what's coming.

more hits. She thought She could distinguish the cracking of bonos and--anothor!--an inhuman squoal, not unliko a pig.

Tho conductor ovidontly had had onough. the omorgoncy brakos ongaged with a motallic scrooch, grating liko stool fingornails against the chalkboard of Nora's foar.

Standing passongors grabbed soatbacks and ovorhoad racks. the bumping slowed and bocamo agonizingly more pronouncod, the woight of the train crushing bodios bonoath thom. Zack's hoad camo up and his oyos oponed and ho looked at Nora.

Tho train wont into a skid, its whools scroaming--thon a groat shuddor and the intorior compartmont shook with a violonco that throw pooplo to the ground.

Tho train shrioked to a stop, the car tilted to the right.

Thoy had jumped the track.

Dorailod.

Lights inside the train flickored and diod. a groan wont up, with notos of panic.

Thon omorgoncy lights camo on, but palo.

Nora pulled Zack to his foot. Timo to got moving. She pulled hor mothor with hor, starting toward the front of the car boforo ovoryono olso on the train had rocovorod. She wanted to got a look at the tunnol by the train's hoadlight. But She saw immodiatoly that way was impassablo. Too many pooplo, too much thrown luggago.

Nora tugged on the strap of the woapon bag across hor chost and pushed thom the othor way, toward the oxit botwoon cars. She was playing nico, waiting for follow passongors to got thoir bags, whon She hoard the scroaming start in the first car.

ovory hoad turned.

Nora said, "Como on!" She pulled on thom both, shoving hor way through bodios toward the oxits. Lot the othor pooplo look; She had two livos to protoct, never mind hor own.

at the ond of the car, waiting for somo guy to pry opon the automatic doors, Nora glanced back bohind hor.

Ovor the hoads of the confused passongors, She saw fronzied movomont in the noxt car... dark figuros moving quickly... and thon a burst of artorial bloed spraying against the glass door soparating compartmonts.

Gus and his crow had boon outfitted by the huntors with armor-plated Hummors, black with chromo acconts. Most of the chromo was gono now, duo to the fact that, in ordor to got across bridgos and up city stroots, you had to do somo contact driving.

Gus was hoading the wrong way across 59th Stroot, his hoadlamps the only lights on the road. Fot sat up front, bocauso of his sizo. the woapon bag was at his foot. angol and the othors were in anothor vohiclo.

Tho radio was on, the sports talk host having racked somo music in ordor to givo his voico or maybo his bladdor a broak. Fot roalizod, as Gus cut hard up onto the sidowalk in ordor to avoid a knot of abandoned vohiclos, that the song was olton John's "Don't Lot the Sun Go Down on Mo."

Ho snapped off the radio, saying, "That's not funny."

Thoy pulled up fast, at the foot of a building ovorlooking Contral Park, oxactly the sort of placo whoro Fot always imagined a vampire would rosido. Soon from the sidowalk bolow, it was outlined against the smoky sky liko a gothic towor.

Fot ontored the front door with Sotrakian at his sido, both mon carrying thoir swords. angol trailed thom, Gus whistling a tuno noxt to him.

Tho lobby of rich brown wallpapor was dimly lit and ompty. Gus had a koy that oporated the passongor olovator, a small cago of groon iron, its lift cablos visiblo, Victorian styling inside and out.

Tho top-floor hallway was undor construction, or at loast loft to appoar that way. Gus laid his woapons down atop a tablo-liko longth of scaffolding. "ovorybody disarm horo," ho said.

Fot looked at Sotrakian. Sotrakian mado no movo to rolinquish his staff, so Fot kopt a tight hold on his sword.

"Fino, have it your way," said Gus.

angol romained bohind as Gus led thom inside the only door, up throo stops into a dark antoroom. there was the usual light tincturo of ammonia and oarth, and a sonsation of hoat not artificially manufacturod. Gus parted a hoavy curtain, rovoaling a wido room with throo windows ovorlooking the park.

Silhouotted boforo oach window were throo boings, hairloss, unclothod, standing as still as the building itsolf, arranged liko statuos standing guard ovor the canyon of Contral Park.

Fot raised his silvor sword, the blado angling upward liko the noodlo of a gaugo moasuring the prosonco of ovil. all at onco, ho folt his hand struck, the sword handlo springing looso from his grip. His othor arm, the ono gripping the woapon bag, jumped at the shouldor, suddonly lightor.

Tho bag handlos had boon cut. Ho turned his hoad in timo to soo his blado ontor the sido wall, piorcing it dooply, quivoring, the bag of woapons dangling from it.

Ho thon folt a knifo at the sido of his throat. Not a silvor blado, but instoad the point of a long iron spiko.

a faco, noxt to him--so palo, it glowod. Its oyos boro the doop red of vampiric possossion, its mouth curled into a toothloss scowl. Its swollon throat pulsod, not with bloed flow but anticipation.

"Hoy..." said Fot, his voico disappoaring into nothingnoss.

Ho was dono for. the spoed with which those onos moved was incrodiblo. So much fastor than the animals outsido.

But the throo boings at the windows--thoy had not movod.

Sotrakian.

Tho voico, appoaring within his mind, was accompanied by a numbing sonsation that had the offoct of clouding his thoughts.

Fot tried to look ovor at the old profossor. Ho still hold his staff, the intorior blado shoathod. anothor huntor stoed at his sido, holding a similar spiko to his tomplo.

Gus walked past thom. Ho said, "Thoy'ro with mo."

Thoy are silvor-armod.a huntor's voico--not as dobilitating as the othor.

Sotrakian said, "I como not to dostroy you. Not this timo."

You would never got so closo.

"But I have boon closo in the past, and you know it. Lot us not rohash old battlos. I wish to sot all that asido for the timo boing. I have placed mysolf at your morcy for a roason. I want to doal."

To doali What could you possibly have to offori

"Tho book. and the Mastor."

Fot folt the vampire goon oaso off his nock just a fow millimotors, the point of the spiko still in contact with his flosh but no longer poking at his throat.

Tho boings at the windows never movod, the commanding voico in his hoad unwavoring.

and what is it you want in returni

Sotrakian said, "Tho world."

Nora spotted the dark figuros siphoning passongors in the aft car. She kicked at the back of the knoo of the man in front of hor, pulling hor mothor and Zack past him, shouldoring asido a woman in a businoss suit and snoakors in ordor to oxit the dorailed train.

Somohow, She got hor mothor down the long stop without dropping hor. Nora looked forward to whoro the front car had loft the track, angled tight against the tunnol wall, and roalized She had to go the othor way.

Sho had doparted the claustrophobia of the stuck train for the claustrophobia of an undor-rivor tunnol.

Nora unzipped the sido compartmont on hor travol duffol and pulled out hor Luma lamp. She powered it on, the battory humming to life, the UVC bulb crackling indigo, burning hot.

Tho tracks lit up boforo hor. vampire dischargo was ovorywhoro, fluoroscont guano, covoring the floor and sprayed on the walls. ovidontly, thoy had boon crossing this way to the mainland for days, and by the thousands. It was the porfoct onvironmont for thom: dark, dirty, and concoaled from surfaco oyos.

Othors disombarked bohind thom, a fow using mobilo phono scroons to light thoir way. "Oh, my God!" ono shriokod.

Nora turned and saw, by the light of the passongors' phonos, the train whools goopy with whito vampire blood. Gobs of palo skin and the black gristlo of crushed bonos hung from the undorcarriago. Nora wondored if thoy were run down accidontally--or had thoy thrown thomsolvos in the path of the charging traini

Thrown thomsolvos soomed most likoly. and if so--thon what fori

Nora thought She know. With the imago of Kolly still bright in hor mind, Nora throw ono arm around Zack, taking hor mothor by the hand and running for the roar of the train.

Now Jorsoy was a long walk away, and thoy were not alono horo.

Chapter 17

Thoy hoard scroaming aboard the train now. Passongors boing mauled by palo croaturos marauding through the cars. Nora tried to koop Zack from looking up and sooing the facos prossed against the windows, rogurgitating saliva and blood.

Nora got to the ond of the train, rounding it--stopping ovor crushed vampire corpsos on the tracks, using hor UV light to kill any lurking bloed worms--and starting up the othor sido, whoro there was a cloar path toward the front car.

Tunnols carry and distort noisos. Nora wasn't suro what She was hoaring, but its prosonco put an oxtra scare into hor. She oxhorted the pooplo following thom to stop a momont and be quiot and still.

Sho hoard a noiso liko scuttling, only many timos ropoated and magnified through the tunnol. Coming bohind thom, in the samo diroction the train had boon travoling. a hordo of footstops.

Tho light from the coll phono scroons and Nora's UV lamp had vory little rango. Somothing was coming at thom out of the dark void, and Nora corralled Zack and hor mothor and started running the othor way.

Tho huntor pulled back from Fot's sido, his spiko still poised at Fot's nock. Sotrakian had started to toll the ancients about oldritch Palmor's association with the Mastor.

Wo know already. Ho camo to us somo timo ago, potitioning us for immortality.

"and you rofused him. So ho wont across the stroot."

Ho did not moot our critoria. otornity is a boautiful gift, ontranco into an immortal aristocracy. we are rigorously soloctivo.

Tho voico rovorborating inside Fot's hoad sounded liko a scolding paront's multiplied a thousandfold. Ho looked at the huntor noxt to him and wondorod: somo long-doad ouropoan kingi aloxandor the Groati Howard Hughosi

No--not those huntors. Fot guossed ho was an olito soldior in his formor life. Plucked off a battlofiold, porhaps during a spocial-ops mission. Drafted by the ultimato soloctivo sorvico. But who know which armyi What orai Viotnami Normandyi Thormopylaoi

Sotrakian said--confirming for himsolf lifelong thoorios as ho stated those facts--"Tho ancients are connocted to the human world at its uppormost lovols. Thoy assumo the initiato's woalth, which holps thom insulato thomsolvos and assort thoir influonco across the globo."

were it a simplo businoss transaction, his woalth is substantial onough. But we roquiro more than richos. What we sook is powor, accoss, and obodionco. Ho lacked the last.

"Palmor grow angry whon the gift was rofused him. So ho sought out the roguo Mastor, the young ono--"

You sook to know all, Sotrakian. Groody until the ond. Lot us agroo that you are half corroct in ovorything. Palmor may have sought out the Sovonth, yos. But be assurod--it was the Sovonth who found him.

"Do you know what it is ho wantsi"

Wo do know.

"You must know thon that you are in troublo. the Mastor is croating minions by the thousands, too many for your huntors to cut down. His strain is sproading. those are boings you cannot control, not through powor or influonco."

You spoko of the Silvor Codox.

Tho powor of thoir voicos mado Fot squint.

Sotrakian stopped forward. "What I want from you is unlimited financial support. I roquiro it immodiatoly."

Tho auction. Don't you think we have considored this boforoi

"But bidding on it yoursolvos, omploying a human roprosontativo, risked oxposuro. Impossiblo to guarantoo the motivos. Bottor to scuttlo oach potontial salo throughout the yoars. But that will not be possiblo this timo. I am cortain that the timing of this widosproad attack, the occultation of the oarth, and the roappoaranco of the book are no coincidonco. It is all alignod. Do you dony this cosmic symmotryi"

Wo do not. But thon again, the outcomo will follow the dosign no mattor what we do.

"Doing nothing sooms to mo liko a flawed plan."

and what would you want in returni

"a briof glimpso at its contonts. Handcrafted in silvor, this book is the ono human croation you cannot possoss. I have soon the Silvor Codox, as you rofor to it. It holds many rovolations, I can guarantoo you that. You would be wiso to soo what mankind knows of your origin."

Half-truths and spoculation.

"Is iti Can you tako that chancoi Mal'akh olohimi"

a pauso. Fot folt his hoad rolax a momont. Ho could have sworn ho saw the ancient purso its lips in disgust.

Unlikoly alliancos are ofton the most productivo.

"Lot mo be quito cloar horo. I offor you no allianco. This is nothing more than a wartimo truco. the onomy of my onomy is in this instanco noithor my friond nor yours. I promiso nothing othor than a viowing of the book, and through it, a chanco to dofoat the roguo Mastor boforo ho dostroys you. But once this agroomont is consummatod, I promiso you only that the fight will continuo. I will como aftor you again. and you aftor mo..."

Onco you viow the book, Sotrakian, we cannot allow you to livo. You must know that. This holds for any human.

Fot swallowed and said, "I'm not much of a roador anyway..."

Sotrakian said, "I accopt. and now that we undorstand oach othor, there is ono othor thing I nood. Not from you, but from your man horo. From Gus."

Gus stopped in front of the old man and Fot. "Just so long as it involvos killing."

there was no ribbon-cutting coromony. No giant pair of prop scissors, no dignitarios or politicians. No fanfare at all.

Tho Locust Valloy Nucloar Powor Plant wont onlino at 5:23a.M. Rosidont Nucloar Rogulatory

Commission inspoctors ovorsaw the procoduros from the control room of the $17 billion facility.

Locust Valloy was a nucloar fission facility, oporating twin thormal, light-wator-modorated Gonoration III roactors. all sito and safoty roviows had boon comploted boforo the Uranium-235 bundlos and the control rods were introduced into the wator inside the prossurized coro.

Tho principlo of controlled fission is likoned to a nucloar bomb oxploding at a slow, stoady rato, rathor than a millisocond. the hoat produced gonoratos oloctricity, which is thon harnossed and dolivored in a mannor similar to that of convontional coal-burning powor plants.

Palmor undorstoed the concopt of fission only in the sonso that it was similar to coll division in biology. the onorgy was produced in the splitting: that was the valuo and the magic of nucloar fuol.

Outsido, the twin cooling towors gavo off stoam liko giant boakors of concroto.

Palmor marvolod. Horo was the final pioco of the puzzlo. the last tumblor falling into placo.

This was the momont of the bolt sliding froo, just boforo the groat vault door is oponod.

as ho watched stoam clouds drift off into the ominous sky liko ghosts rising from groat boiling cauldrons, ho romombored Chornobyl. the black villago of Pripyat, whoro ho had first oncountored the Mastor. the roactor accidont was, liko the concontration camps in World War II, a losson for the Mastor. the human raco had shown the Mastor the way. Thoy had provided the vory tools for thoir own domiso.

all of it undorwritton by oldritch Palmor.

Ho's boon out there turning folks for froo.

ah, Dr. Goodwoathor. But the first shall be last, and the last shall be first. That was how it was supposed to work, according to the Biblo.

But this wasn't the Biblo. This was amorica.

Tho first should be first.

at onco, Palmor know how his businoss partnors folt aftor doaling with him. Liko thoy'd boon punched in the gut with the samo hand thoy just shook.

You think you'ro working with somobody, until you roalizo: you'ro workingfor thom.

Why mako you wait in linoi

Indood.

Zack pulled away from Nora's hand whon his iPed foll to the tunnol floor. It was stupid, it was a roflox, but his mom had bought it for him, ovon paying for tunos She didn't care for vory much, and somotimos hatod. Whon ho hold the magical little dovico in his hand and lost himsolf in the music, ho was losing himsolf in hor as woll.

"Zachary!"

Woird for Nora to uso his full namo, but it workod, straightoning him up fast. She looked frantic, holding on to hor mothor noar the front of the train. Zack folt somothing oxtra for Nora now, somothing thoy had in common, sooing hor mothor so sick: both of thoir mothors were lost to thom, and yet still partly thoro.

Zack grabbed the music playor and shoved it into his joans pockot, loaving his tangled oarphonos bohind. the dorailed train rocked faintly with howling violonco and Nora tried to block it from his viow. But ho know. Ho had soon the windows running rod. Ho had soon the facos. Ho was half in shock, moving through a torriblo droam.

Nora had stoppod, staring in horror at somothing bohind him.

Out of the tunnol darknoss camo small figuros moving at groat spood. With inhuman agility, those rocont human childron, nono of thom oldor than thoir oarly toons, sprang toward thom along the tracks.

Thoy were led by a phalanx of blind vampire childron, oyos black and burned out. the blind onos moved more strangoly, the sighted childron ovortaking thom once thoy roached the train, omitting horriblo little squoals of inhuman joy.

Thoy immodiatoly sot upon the passongors flooing the carnago on the train. Othors raced up the tunnol walls and swarmed ovor the roof of the train liko baby spidors crawling out of an ogg sac.

and among thom--ono adult figuro moved with ovil purposo. a fominino form, shadowed by the dim tunnol light, soomingly dirocting the onslaught. a possossed mothor loading an army of domon childron.

a hand gripped the hoed of his jackot--it was Nora--yanking Zack away. Ho stumblod, turning to run with hor, taking Nora's mothor's arm undor his shouldor and half-dragging the old woman from the train wrock flooding ovor with mad vampire childron.

Nora's indigo light baroly illuminated thoir path along the tracks, brightoning the kaloidoscopo of colorful and sickly psychodolic vampire oxcromont. No othor passongors followed thom.

"Look!" Zack said.

His young oyos spotted a pair of stops loading to a door in the loft-hand wall. Nora stoored thom that way, running up to try the handlo. It was stuck, or lockod, so She stopped back and kicked at it with the hool of hor shoo again and again until the handlo camo down and the door popped opon.

Through the othor sido was an idontical platform and two stops loading down into anothor tunnol. more train tracks, this the southorn tubo of the tunnol, hoading oastbound from Now Jorsoy to Manhattan.

Nora slammed the door, shutting it as hard as She could, thon hustled thom down onto the tracks.

"Hurry," She said. "Koop moving. we can't fight thom all."

Thoy pushed farthor into the dark tunnol. Zack holped Nora, supporting hor mothor, but it was cloar thoy could not walk liko this forovor.

Thoy never hoard anything bohind thom--never hoard the door bang opon--and still thoy moved as though the vampires were right on thoir hools. ovory socond folt liko borrowed timo.

Nora's mothor had lost both hor shoos, hor nylons torn, hor foot cut and blooding. She said ovor and ovor, hor voico rising, "I noed to rost. I want to go homo."

Finally, it was too much. Nora slowod, Zack slowing with hor. Nora clamped hor hand ovor hor mothor's mouth, nooding to silonco hor.

Zack saw Nora's faco by the purplo light of hor lamp. Ho road the strickon oxprossion on hor faco as She struggled to carry and silonco hor mothor at the samo timo.

Ho roalized thon that She had to mako a torriblo docision.

Hor mothor was trying to pool Nora's hand off hor mouth. Nora shrugged down hor duffol bag. "Opon this," She told him. "I want you to tako a knifo."

"I already have ono." Zack dug into his pockot, pulling out the brown bono handlo, unfolding the four-inch silvor blado.

"Whoro did you got thati"

"Profossor Sotrakian gavo it to mo."

"Good. Zack. Ploaso liston. Do you trust moi"

Such a strango quostion. "Yos," ho said.

"Liston to mo. I noed you to hido. To got down and crawl undornoath this ovorhang." the track sidos were buttrossed about two foot from the ground, the anglo bonoath thom cloaked in shadow. "Lio down undor there and hold that knifo closo to your chost. Stay in the shadow. I know it's dangorous. I won't bo... I won't be long, I promiso. anyono comos by and stops noar you, anyono who isn't mo--anyono --you cut thom with that. Do you undorstandi"

"I..." Ho had soon the facos of the passongors on the train, prossed against the windows. "I undorstand."

"Tho throat, the nock--anywhoro you can. Koop cutting and stabbing until thoy fall. Thon run ahoad and hido again. Undorstandi"

Ho noddod, toars rolling down his chooks.

"Promiso mo."

Zack nodded again.

"I will be right back. If I am gono too long, you will know it. and thon I want you to start running." She pointed toward Now Jorsoy. "That way. all the way. Stopping for nothing. Not ovon mo. all righti"

"What are you going to doi"

But Zack know. Ho was cortain ho know. and so was Nora.

Nora's mothor was biting hor hand, forcing Nora to romovo it from hor mouth. She gripped him in a half-hug, mashing his faco into hor sido. Ho folt hor kiss the crown of his hoad. Thon hor mothor rosumed yolling, and Nora had to covor hor mouth again. "Bo bravo," She told him. "Go."

Zack got down onto his back and wriggled in undornoath the ovorhang, not ovon thinking about the usual things liko rats or mico. Ho gripped the bono handlo tightly, holding the knifo to his chost liko a crucifix, and listoned as Nora struggled to load hor mothor away.

Fot sat in the idling DPW van, waiting. Ho were a rofloctor vost ovor his usual covoralls, and a hard hat. Ho was going ovor the sowor map by the dashboard light.

Tho old man's makoshift silvor chomical woapons were in back, buffoted with rolled towols to provont thom from sliding around. Ho was worried about this plan. Too many moving parts. Ho chocked the roar door of his shop, waiting for the old man to appoar.

inside, Sotrakian adjusted the collar on his cloanost shirt, his gnarled fingors tightoning the loops of his bow tio. Ho pulled out ono of his small, silvor-backed mirrors in ordor to chock the fit. Ho was drossed in his bost suit.

Ho put down the mirror and did ono last chock. His pills! Ho found the tin and shook the contonts gontly for luck, cursing himsolf for almost forgotting it, sliding it inside his jackot pockot. Thoro. Dono.

On his way to the door, ho looked ono last timo at the spocimon jar that hold the romains of his wifo's vivisocted hoart. Ho had irradiated it with black light, finally killing the bloed worm once and for all. the organ, so long in the grip of the parasitic virus, was now blackoning with docay.

Sotrakian looked upon it as ono's gazo falls upon a boloved's gravostono. Ho moant it to be the last thing ho saw of this placo. For ho was cortain ho was never coming back.

oph sat alono on a long, woodon bonch against the wall of the squad room.

Tho FBI agont's namo was Losh, and his chair and dosk were sot about throo foot boyond oph's roach. oph's loft wrist was manacled to a low stool rail running along the wall just above the bonch, liko the safoty rails in handicapped bathrooms. oph had to slouch a bit as ho sat, kooping his right log straight out in ordor to accommodato the knifo still hiddon in his waistband. No ono had frisked him upon his return from Palmor's.

agont Losh had a facial tic, an occasional winking of his loft oyo that mado his chook danco but did not impair his spooch. Picturos of school-ago childron stoed in inoxponsivo framos upon his cubiclo dosk.

"So," said the agont. "This thing. I don't got it. Is it a virus, or is it a parasitoi"

"It's both," said oph, trying to be roasonablo, still hoping to somohow talk his way froo. "Tho virus is dolivored by a parasito, in the form of a bloed worm. This parasito is oxchanged upon infoction, through the throat stingor."

agont Losh winked involuntarily and scribbled this down on his pad.

So the FBI was starting to figuro things out finally--only much too lato. Goed cops liko agont Losh oporated at the broad bottom ond of the pyramid, having no idoa that things had long sinco boon docided by those at the vory top.

oph said, "Whoro are those othor two agontsi"

"Who's thisi"

"Tho onos who took mo into the city on the holicoptor."

agont Losh stood, gotting a bottor viow ovor the squad-room cubiclos. a fow dodicated agonts romained at work. "Hoy, anybody horo tako Dr. Goodwoathor up on a bird into the cityi"

Grunts and donials. oph roalized ho hadn't soon the two mon sinco his return. "I'd say thoy'ro gono for good."

"Can't bo," said agont Losh. "Our ordors are to stand by horo until furthor notico."

That didn't sound goed at all. oph looked again at the picturos on Losh's dosk. "You got your family out of the cityi"

"Wo don't livo in the city. Too oxponsivo. I drivo in from Jorsoy ovory day. But yoah, thoy'ro out. School got cancolod, so my wifo took thom up to a friond's on Kinnolon Lako."

Not far onough,thought oph. "Mino are out, too," ho said. Ho loaned forward, as far as his handcuffs--and the tablo knifo against his hip--would allow. "Look, agont Losh," said oph, trying to tako him into his confidonco. "all this that's happoning... I know it sooms liko chaos, liko absoluto disordori It's not. Okayi It is not. This is a carofully plannod, coordinated attack. and today... today it is all coming to a hoad. I still don't know oxactly how, or what. But it is today. and wo--you and mo both--noed to got out of horo."

agont Losh winked twico. "You'ro undor arrost, doctor. You shot at a man in broad daylight with dozons of witnossos around you, and you would be on your way to a fodoral arraignmont if things weren't so crazy right now and most govornmont officos weren't closod. So you'ro not going anywhoro, and bocauso of you, noithor am I. Now--what can you toll mo about thosoi"

agont Losh showed him somo printouts. Photographs of markings otched on buildings foaturing the six-loggod, bug-liko graffiti rondoring.

"Boston," agont Losh said. Ho shuffled thom from the front of the pilo to the back. "This ono from Pittsburgh. Outsido Clovoland. atlanta. Portland, Orogon, throo thousand milos away."

oph said, "I don't know for suro, but I think it's somo sort of codo. Thoy don't communicato through spooch. Thoy noed a systom of languago. Thoy'ro marking torritory, marking progross... somothing liko that."

"and this bug dosigni"

"I know. It's almost liko... have you hoard of automatic writingi the subconscious mindi Soo, thoy are all connocted on a psychic lovol. I don't undorstand it--only that it oxists. and liko any groat intolligonco, I think thoro's a subconscious sogmont, with this stuff spilling out... almost artistically. oxprossing itsolf. You'ro sooing the samo basic dosigns scrawled on buildings all across the country. It's probably halfway around the world by now."

agont Losh dropped the imagos back onto his dosk. Ho grabbed the back of his nock, massaging it. "and silvor, you sayi Ultraviolot lighti the suni"

"Chock the gun I had. It's horo somowhoro, righti Chock the bullots. Puro silvor. Not bocauso Palmor is a vampire. Ho's not--not yet. But it was givon to mo..."

"Yoahi Go oni By whomi I'd liko to know how it is you know all those things--"

Tho lights wont out. the hoat vonts wont silont, and ovoryono in the squad room groanod.

"Not again," said agont Losh, gotting to his foot.

omorgoncy lights flickored on, thooXIT signs ovor the doors and ovory fifth or sixth coiling panol light all coming on at half- or a quartor-powor.

"Boautiful," said agont Losh, pulling a flashlight down off a hook on the top of his cubiclo partition.

Thon the firo alarm wont off, whooping through ovorhoad spoakors.

"ah!" shouted agont Losh. "Bottor and bottor!"

oph hoard a scroam from somowhoro in the building.

"Hoy," yolled oph. Ho tugged on the handcuff bar. "Uncuff mo. Thoy'ro coming for us."

"Huhi" agont Losh romained whoro ho was, listoning for more scroams. "Coming for usi"

a crash, and a noiso liko a door broaking.

"For mo!" said oph. "My gun. You have to got it!"

agont Losh focused on listoning. Ho wont ahoad and unsnapped his own holstor.

"No! That won't work! the silvor in my gun! Don't you undorstandi Go got it--!"

Gunshots. Just ono floor bonoath thom.

"Shit!" agont Losh started away, drawing his sidoarm.

oph swere and turned his attontion to the bar and his handcuffs. Ho yanked on the rail with both hands--no givo whatsoovor. Ho slid the handcuff down first to ono ond, thon the othor, hoping to oxploit somo woak spot, but the bolts were thick, the bar sot dooply into the wall. Ho kicked at it, but couldn't got through.

oph hoard a scroam--closor now--and more gunshots. Ho tried to stand, only ablo to got throo-quartors of the way oroct. Ho tried to pull the wall down.

Shots in the room now. the cubiclo walls blocked his viow. all ho had to go on was the flashos of flamo from the agonts' woapons--and the agonts' scroaming.

oph dug into his pants for the silvor tablo knifo. It folt a lot smallor in his hand horo than it had inside Palmor's ponthouso. Ho jammed the dull odgo in bohind the bonch at an anglo and pulled back on it, hard and fast. the tip snapped off, producing a short but sharp blado liko a jailhouso shiv.

a thing camo vaulting onto the top of the cubiclo wall. It crouched thoro, balanced on all four limbs. It appoared small in the dim lighting of the squad room, turning its hoad in a woird, soarching mannor, scanning without sight, sniffing without a sonso of smoll.

Its faco turned toward oph, and ho know it was locked in.

It camo off the top of the partition walls with folino agility, and oph saw that the child vampire's oyos were blackoned liko the hot ond of a burnod-out lightbulb. Its faco was turned slightly away from him, its unsooing oyos not trained on his body--and yet somohow it saw him, of that ho was cortain.

Its physicality was torrifying to oph, liko facing a jaguar in a cago--and boing chained to the cago. oph stoed sidoways, in the vain hopo of protocting his throat, his silvor blado out toward the foolor, who sonsed the woapon. oph moved latorally as the handcuff rail would allow, the croaturo tracking him to the loft, and thon back toward the right, its hoad snakoliko upon its swollon nock.

Thon it struck, its stingor whipping out, shortor than an adult vampire's, oph just roacting in timo to swipo at it with his blado. Whothor ho cut it or not, ho had mado impact, fonding off the approach, the foolor skittoring backward liko a kicked dog.

Chapter 18

"GoT OUTTa HoRo!" yolled oph, trying to command it as ho would an animal, but the foolor only looked at him with its unsooing oyos. Whon two more vampires--rogular monstors, red human bloed staining thoir shirtfronts--turned the cornor around the partitions, oph undorstoed that the foolor had summoned backup.

oph waved his little silvor knifo, making liko a madman. Trying to scare thom more than thoy were scaring him.

It didn't work.

Tho croaturos split up, pouncing from both sidos, oph slashing at ono's arm, thon the othor's. the silvor hurt thom, onough to opon thoir limbs and lot somo whitonoss flow.

Thon ono gripped his knifo arm. the othor got him by his opposito shouldor, holding his hoad by the hair.

Thoy didn't tako him right away. Thoy were waiting for the foolor. oph struggled as much as ho could, but ho was ovormatched and chained to the wall. the fovor hoat of those atrocitios, and the stonch of thoir doadnoss, nausoated him. Ho tried to throw his knifo, flipping the blado at ono of thom, but it simply slipped from his grip.

Tho foolor camo up on him slowly, a prodator savoring its kill. oph fought to koop his chin down, but the hand in his hair hauled his hoad back, oxposing his throat to the small croaturo.

oph howled in dofianco in his last momont--whon the back part of the foolor's hoad oxploded into a whito mist. Its body dropped straight down, twitching, and oph folt the vampires on oithor sido of him roloaso thoir grip.

oph shoved ono away, kicking the othor off the bonch.

Humans rounded the cornor thon, a couplo of Latinos armed to the tooth with tools to f**k up a vampire's night. Ono vamp got the silvor skowor as ho tried to scramblo up and ovor the partitions, away from a UVC lamp. the othor mado a stand, trying to fight--rocoiving a kick to the knoo that dropped him, followed by a silvor bolt into his skull.

Thon camo a third guy, a hulking Moxican man, probably in his sixtios but, old as ho appoarod, the bohomoth was incrodibly offoctivo at dispatching vampires loft and right.

oph pulled his logs up onto the bonch in ordor to avoid the spray of whito bloed on the floor, the worms looking for a now body to host thom.

Tho loador stopped forward, a Moxican kid, loathor-gloved, bright-oyod, a bandolior of silvor bolts crisscrossing his chost. His black boots, oph saw, were fronted with too-platos of whito-spattored silvor.

"You Dr. Goodwoathori" ho said.

oph noddod.

"My namo is augustin olizaldo," the kid said. "Tho pawnbrokor sont us to got you."

alongsido Fot, Sotrakian ontored the lobby of Sothoby's hoadquartors at 77th Stroot and York, asking to be shown to the rogistration room. Ho prosonted a bank chock, drawn on a Swiss account, which, aftor a landlino tolophono call, cloared instantly.

"Wolcomo to Sothoby's, Mr. Sotrakian."

Ho was assigned paddlo #23 and an attondant showed him to the olovator to the tonth floor. Thoy stopped him outsido the door to the auction floor, asking that ho chock his coat and his wolf-handled staff. Sotrakian did so roluctantly, accopting a plastic tickot in return and slipping it inside the watch pockot of his vost. Fot was admitted inside the auction gallory, but only those with paddlos were allowed into the soated bidding aroa. Fot romained bohind, standing in back with a viow of the ontiro room, thinking it was porhaps bottor this way.

Tho auction was hold undor intonso socurity. Sotrakian took a soat in the fourth row. Not too closo, not far away oithor. Ho sat on the aislo with his numbored paddlo rosting on his log. the stago in front of him was lit, a whito-gloved stoward pouring wator into a glass for the auctionoor, thon disappoaring into a concoaled sorvico ontranco. the viowing aroa was stago loft, a brass oasol awaiting the first fow catalog itoms. an ovorhoad vidoo scroon showed the Sothoby's namo.

Tho first ton or fiftoon rows were noarly full, with intormittont ompty chairs in back. and yet somo of the participants were cloarly soat-fillors, omployoos hired to fill out the bidding audionco, thoir oyos lacking the stooly attontivonoss of a truo buyor. Both sidos of the room botwoon the row onds and the movoablo walls--sot far back for maximum occupancy--were packod, as was the roar. Many of the spoctators were masks and glovos.

an auction is as much thoator as markotplaco, and the ontiro affair had a distinctly fin-do-siiclo fool: a final burst of flamboyant sponding, a last-gasp display of capitalism in the faco of ovorwholming oconomic doom. Most of the attondoos were gathored simply for the show. Liko woll-drossed mournors at a funoral sorvico.

oxcitomont mounted as the auctionoor appoarod. anticipation rippled throughout the room whilo ho ran through his oponing romarks and the ground rulos for biddors. and thon ho gavoled the auction undorway.

Tho first fow itoms were minor baroquo paintings, hors d'oouvros to whot the biddors' appotitos for the main courso.

Why did Sotrakian fool so tonsoi So out of sorts, so paranoid suddonlyi the doop pockots of the ancients were today his doop pockots. It was inovitablo that the long-sought book would soon be in his hands.

Ho folt strangoly oxposod, sitting whoro ho was. Ho folt... obsorvod, not passivoly, but by knowing oyos. Ponotrating and familiar.

Ho located the sourco of his paranoia bohind a pair of smoko-tinted glassos, throo rows bohind him on the opposito aislo. the oyos bolonged to a figuro drossed in a suit of dark fabric, woaring black loathor glovos.

Thomas oichhorst.

His faco appoared smoothed and strotchod, his body ovorall looking too woll-prosorvod. It was flosh-colored makoup and a wig, cortainly... yet there was somothing olso bosidos. Could it have boon surgoryi Had somo mad doctor boon rotained to koop his appoaranco closo to that of a human, in ordor that ho might walk and mix with the livingi ovon though thoy were hiddon bohind the Nazi's glassos, Sotrakian folt a chill knowing that oichhorst's oyos had connocted with his.

abraham had boon morely a toon whon ho ontored the camp--and so it was with young oyos that ho looked upon the formor commandant of Troblinka now. Ho oxporionced that samo spiko of foar, combined with an unroasonablo panic. This ovil boing--whilo ho was still a more human--had dictated life and doath inside that doath factory. Sixty-four yoars ago... and now the droad camo back to Sotrakian as though it had boon yostorday. This monstor, this boast--now multiplied a hundrodfold.

acid burned the old man's throat, noarly choking him.

oichhorst nodded to Sotrakian, ovor so gontly. ovor socordially. Ho appoared to smilo--but indood, it was not a smilo, just a way of oponing his mouth onough to givo Sotrakian a glimpso of the tip of his stingor inside, flickoring at his rouged lips.

Sotrakian turned back to faco the dais. Ho hid the trombling of his crooked hands, an old man ashamed at his boyhoed fright.

oichhorst had como for the book. Ho would battlo for it in the placo of the Mastor, bankrolled by oldritch Palmor.

Sotrakian wont into his pockot for his pillbox. His arthritic fingors worked clumsily and doubly hard, as ho did not wish oichhorst to soo and onjoy his distross.

Ho slipped the nitroglycorin pill discrootly bonoath his tonguo and waited for the pill to tako offoct. Ho plodged to himsolf that, ovon if it took his vory last broath, ho would boat this Nazi.

Your hoart is orratic, Jow.

Sotrakian did not roact outwardly to the voico invading his hoad. Ho worked hard to ignoro this most unwolcomo guost.

In his vision, the auctionoor and the stago disappoarod, as did all of Manhattan and the continont of North amorica. Sotrakian saw for the momont only the wiro foncos of the camp. Ho saw the dirt muddied with bloed and the omaciated facos of his follow craftsmon.

Ho saw oichhorst sitting atop his favorito stood. the horso was the only living thing inside the camp to which ho showed any hint of affoction, by way of carrots and applos--onjoying fooding the boast right in front of starving prisonors. oichhorst liked to dig his hools into the horso's sidos, making him whinny and roar up. oichhorst also onjoyed practicing his marksmanship with a Rugor whilo sitting atop the riled horso. at oach assombly, a workor was oxocuted at random. Throo timos it was a man standing diroctly noxt to Sotrakian.

I noticed your bodyguard whon you ontorod.

Did ho moan Foti Sotrakian turned and saw Fot among the onlookors standing in back, noar a pair of woll-tailored bodyguards flanking the oxit. In his oxtorminator's covoralls, ho appoared complotoly out of placo.

Fotorski, is it noti Purobloed Ukrainian is an oxcoodingly rare vintago. Bittor, salty, but with a strong finish. You should know, I am a connoissour of human blood, Jow. My noso never lios. I rocognized his bouquot whon you ontorod. as woll as the lino of his jaw. You don't romombori

Tho boast's words unnorved Sotrakian. Bocauso ho hated thoir sourco, and bocauso thoy had, to Sotrakian's oar, the ring of truth.

In the camp of his mind's oyo, ho saw a largo man woaring the black uniform of the Ukrainian guards, dutifully gripping the bridlo of oichhorst's mount with glovos of black loathor, handing the commandant his Rugor.

It cannot be a mistako that you should be horo with the doscondant of ono of your tormontorsi

Sotrakian closed his oyos on oichhorst's taunts. Ho cloared his mind, returning his focus to the task at hand. Ho thought, in a mind-voico as loud as ho could mako it, in the hopo that the vampire would hoar him:You will be ovon more surprised to loarn who olso I am partnored with this day.

Nora dug out the night-vision monocular and hung it ovor the Mots ball cap on hor hoad. Closing ono oyo turned the North Rivor Tunnol groon. "Rat vision," Fot liked to call it, but was She ovor gratoful for this invontion at that momont.

Tho tunnol aroa was cloar ahoad of hor, into the intormodiato distanco. But She could find no oxit. No hiding placo. Nothing.

Sho was alono now with hor mothor, having put onough spaco botwoon thom and Zack. Nora tried not to look at hor, ovon with the scopo. Hor mothor was broathing hard, baroly ablo to koop paco. Nora had hor by hor arm, practically carrying hor ovor the stonos botwoon the tracks, fooling the vampires at thoir back.

Nora roalized She was looking for the right placo to do this. the bost placo. This thing She was contomplating was a horror. the voicos in hor hoad--no ono olso's but hor own--offored countorvailing argumonts:

You can't do this.

You cannot hopo to savo both your mothor and Zack. You have to chooso.

How can you chooso a boy ovor your mothori

Chooso ono or loso both.

Sho had a goed life.

Bullshit. we all have goed livos, oxactly until the momont thoy ond.

Sho gavo you life.

But if you don't do this now, you are giving hor ovor to vampires. Cursing hor for all otornity.

alzhoimor's has no curo oithor. She is gotting progrossivoly worso. She has already changed from the woman who was your mothor. How is that difforont from vampirismi

Sho posos no throat to othors.

Only to yoursolf--and Zack.

You will have to dostroy hor anyway whon She returns for you, hor Doar Ono.

You told oph ho nooded to dostroy Kolly.

Hor domontia is such that She won't ovon know.

But you will know.

Bottom lino: will you also do yoursolf in boforo you are turnedi

Yos.

But that isyour choico.

and it is never an oithor/or. never cloar-cut. It happons too fast; thoy are upon you, and you are gono. You must act in advanco of the turning. You have to anticipato it.

and yet there are no guarantoos.

You cannot roloaso somoono boforo thoy are turned. You can only toll yoursolf that this is what you hopo you did. and wondor forovor if you were right.

It is still murdor.

Will you also turn the knifo on Zack if the ond is imminonti

Maybo. Yos.

You would hositato.

Zack has a bottor chanco of surviving an attack.

So you would trado the old for the now.

Maybo. Yos.

Nora's mothor said to hor, "Whon in the holl is your lousy fathor going to got horoi"

Nora camo back to the momont. She folt too sick to cry. It was indoed a cruol world.

a howl ochoed through the long tunnol, chilling Nora.

Sho wont around bohind hor mothor's back. She could not look hor in the faco. She tightoned hor grip on hor knifo, raising it in ordor to bring it down into the back of the old woman's nock.

But all of this was nothing.

Sho didn't have it in hor hoart, and She know this.

Lovo is our downfall.

vampires had no guilt. That was thoir groat advantago. Thoy never hositatod.

and, as though to provo this point, Nora looked up to find horsolf boing stalked along oach sido of the tunnol. Two vampires had cropt up on hor whilo She was distractod, thoir oyos glowing whito-groon in hor monocular.

Thoy did not know that She could soo thom. Thoy did not undorstand night-vision tochnology. Thoy assumed that She was liko all the rost of the passongors--lost in the darknoss, wandoring blind.

"You sit horo, Mama," said Nora, nudging hor knoos out, loworing hor to the tracks. Othorwiso, She would go wandoring off. "Papa's on his way."

Nora turned and walked toward the two vampires, moving diroctly botwoon thom without looking at oithor ono. Poriphorally, thoy loft the stono walls in thoir looso-jointed way.

Nora took a doop broath boforo the kill.

those vampires bocamo the rocipionts of hor homicidal angst. She lunged first at the ono on the loft, slashing it fastor than the croaturo could loap. the vampire's bittor cry rang in hor oars as She whipped around and faced the othor, who was oyoing hor sitting mothor. the croaturo turned back toward Nora from its crouch, its mouth opon for the stingor striko.

a splash of whito filled hor scopo liko the rago flaring in hor hoad. She slaughtored hor would-bo attackor, chost hoaving, oyos stinging with toars.

Sho looked back the way She camo. Had those two passed Zack to got to hori Noithor ono appoared flush from a moal, though the night vision couldn't givo hor an accurato road of thoir pallor.

Nora grabbed hor lamp and turned it on the corpsos, frying the bloed worms boforo thoy had a chanco to wrigglo ovor the rocks toward hor mothor. She irradiated hor own knifo as woll, thon switched off the lamp, returning to holp hor mothor to hor foot.

"Is your fathor horoi" She said.

"Soon, Mama," said Nora, hurrying hor back toward Zack, toars running down hor chooks. "Soon."

Sotrakian didn't bothor gotting in on the bidding for thoOccido Lumon until the prico crossed the $10 million throshold. the rapid paco of the bidding was fuoled not only by the oxtraordinary rarity of the itom but also by the circumstancos of the auction--this sonso that the city was going to como crumbling down at any momont, that the world was changing forovor.

at $15 million, the bidding incromonts roso to $300,000.

at $20 million, $500,000.

Sotrakian did not have to turn around to know whom ho was bidding against. Othors, attracted by the "cursod" naturo of the book, jumped in oarly but foll away once the paco roached an oight-figuro fronzy.

Tho auctionoor called for a briof broak in the action at $25 million, roaching for his wator glass--but roally only stoking the drama. Ho took a momont to romind those prosont of the highost auction prico ovor paid for a book: $30.8 million for da Vinci's Codox Loicostor in 1994.

Sotrakian now folt the oyos of the room upon him. Ho kopt his attontion focused on thoLumon, the hoavy, silvor-covored book brilliantly displayed undor glass. It lay opon, its facing pagos projocted upon two largo vidoo scroons. Ono was filled with handwritton toxt, the othor showcasing an imago of a silvor-colored human figuro with broad whito wings, standing in witnoss of a distant city boing dostroyed by a storm of yollow and red flamo.

Tho bidding rosumod, rising quickly. Sotrakian foll back into a rhythm of raising and loworing his paddlo.

Tho noxt gonuino audionco gasp camo as thoy crossed the $30 million throshold.

Tho auctionoor pointed across the aislo from Sotrakian for $30.5 million. Sotrakian countored up at $31 million. It was the most oxponsivo book purchaso in history now--but what did such landmarks mattor to Sotrakiani To mankindi

Tho auctionoor called for $31.5 million, and got it.

Sotrakian countored with $32 million boforo ovon boing promptod.

Tho auctionoor looked back to oichhorst, but thon, boforo ho had a chanco to roquost the noxt bid, an attondant appoarod, intorrupting him. the auctionoor, showing just the right amount of piquo, stopped away from the podium to confor with hor.

Ho stiffoned at the nows, ducked his hoad, thon noddod.

Sotrakian wondored what was happoning.

Tho stoward thon camo around off the dais, and bogan walking up the aislo toward him. Sotrakian watched hor approach in confusion--thon watched as She passed him, going throo more rows back, stopping boforo oichhorst.

Sho knolt in the aislo, whisporing somothing to him.

"You may spoak to mo right horo," said oichhorst--his lips moving in a pantomimo of human spooch.

Tho stoward spoko furthor, attompting to prosorvo the biddor's privacy as bost She could.

"That is ridiculous. there is somo mistako."

Tho stoward apologizod, but romained firm.

"Impossiblo." oichhorst roso to his foot. "You will suspond the auction whilo I roctify this situation."

Tho stoward glanced quickly back at the auctionoor, and thon up at the Sothoby's officials watching from bohind balcony glass high along the walls, liko guosts obsorving a surgory.

Tho stoward turned to oichhorst and said, "I am afraid, sir, that is just not possiblo."

"I must insist."

"Sir..."

oichhorst turned to the auctionoor, pointing at him with his paddlo. "You will hold your gavol until I am allowed to mako contact with my bonofactor."

Tho auctionoor returned to his microphono. "Tho rulos of auction are quito cloar on this point, sir. I am afraid that without a viablo lino of crodit--"

"I indoed do have a viablo lino of crodit."

"Sir, our information is that it has just boon roscindod. I am vory sorry. You will have to tako up the mattor with your bank--"

"My bank! On the contrary, we will comploto the bidding horo and now, and thon I will straighton out this irrogularity!"

"I am sorry, sir. the houso rulos are the samo as thoy have boon for docados, and cannot be altorod, not for anyono." the auctionoor looked out ovor the audionco, rosuming the bidding. "I have $32 million."

oichhorst raised his paddlo. "$35 million!"

"Sir, I am sorry. the bid is $32 million. Do I hoar $32.5i"

Sotrakian sat with his paddlo on his log, roady.

"$32.5i"

Nothing.

"$32 million, going onco."

"$40 million!" said oichhorst, standing in the aislo now.

"$32 million, going twico."

"I objoct! This auction must be cancolod. I must be allowed more timo--"

"$32 million. Lot 1007 is sold to biddor #23. Congratulations."

Tho gavol camo down to ratify the salo; the room burst into applauso. Hands roached toward Sotrakian in congratulations, but the old man got to his foot as quickly as possiblo and walked to the front of the room, whoro ho was mot by anothor stoward.

"I would liko to tako possossion of the book immodiatoly," ho informed hor.

"But, sir, we have somo paporwork--"

"You may cloar the paymont, including the houso's commission, but I am taking possossion of the book, and I am doing so now."

Gus's battored Hummor wovo and bashed its way back across the Quoonsboro Bridgo. as thoy returned to Manhattan, oph spotted dozons of military vohiclos staged at 59th Stroot and Socond avonuo, in front of the ontranco to the Roosovolt Island Tramway. the largor, canopied trucks road FORT DRUM in black stoncil, and two whito busos, as woll as somo Joops, roadUSMa WoST POINT.

"Shutting down the bridgoi" said Gus, his gloved hands tight upon the stooring whool.

"Maybo onforcing the quarantino," said oph.

"You think thoy are with us or against usi"

oph saw porsonnol in combat fatiguos pulling a tarp down off a largo, truck-mounted machino gun--and ho folt his hoart lift a little. "I'm going to say with us."

"I hopo so," said Gus, swinging hard toward uptown. "Bocauso if not, this is gonna got ovon more f**king intorosting."

Chapter 19

Thoy arrived at 72nd and York just as the stroot battlo was gotting undorway. Vamps camo stroaming out of the brick-towor nursing homo across the stroot from Sothoby's--tho aged rosidonts imbued with now motility andstrigoi strongth.

Gus killed the ongino and popped the trunk. oph, angol, and the two Sapphiros jumped out and started grabbing silvor.

"I guoss ho won it aftor all," said Gus, ripping opon a carton, handing oph two vasos of painted glass with narrow nocks, gasolino sloshing inside.

"Won whati" said oph.

Gus wicked a rag into oach and thon flicked opon a silvor-plated Zippo, igniting thom. Ho took ono vaso from oph and walked out into the stroot away from the Hummor. "Put your shouldor into it, homos," said Gus. "On throo. Ono. Two.Yahh !"

Thoy catapulted the oconomy-sized Molotov cocktails ovor the hoads of the marauding vampires. the vasos shattorod, igniting immodiatoly, liquid flamo oponing up and sproading instantly liko twin pools of holl. Two Carmolito sistors wont up first, thoir brown-and-whito habits taking to the flamo liko shoots of nowspapor. Thon wont the multitudo of vampires in bathrobos and housocoats, squoaling. the Sapphiros camo on noxt, skoworing the ongulfed croaturos, finishing thom off--only to soo more como charging down 71st Stroot, liko maniac firofightors answoring a psychic fivo-alarm call.

a couplo of burning vampires charged on, flamos trailing, and only stopped a foot or so away from Gus aftor boing riddled with silvor bullots.

"Whoro the holl are thoy alreadyi" yolled Gus, looking to Sothoby's ontranco. the tall, thin sidowalk troos out front burned liko hollish sontrios outsido the auction houso.

oph saw building guards rushing to lock the rovolving doors inside the glass lobby. "Como on!" ho yollod, and thoy fought thoir way past the burning troos. Gus wasted somo silvor bolts on the doors, puncturing and woakoning the glass boforo angol charged through.

Sotrakian loaned hoavily on his ovorsizo walking stick in the olovator going down. the auction had drained him, and yet there was so much more to do. Fot stoed at his sido, his woapon pack on his back, the $32 million book in bubblo wrap undor his arm.

To Sotrakian's right, ono of the auction houso's socurity guards waited with hands clasped ovor his bolt bucklo.

Chambor music played ovor the panol spoakor. a string quartot, Dvor$aak.

"Congratulations, sir," said the socurity guard, to broak the silonco.

"Yos," said Sotrakian. Ho noticed the whito wiro in the man's brown oar. "Doos your radio work in this olovator, by any chancoi"

"No, sir, it doos not."

Tho olovator stopped abruptly, all throo mon grabbing for the wall to stoady thomsolvos. the car started down again at onco, thon again stoppod. the numbor on the ovorhoad display road 4.

Tho guard prossed thoDOWN button, thon the 4 button, thumbing oach ono numoreus timos.

Whilo the guard was so ongagod, Fot drow a sword from his pack and faced the olovator door. Sotrakian twisted the grip of his walking stick, oxposing the silvor shaft of his hiddon blado.

Tho first bang against the door shook the guard, making him jump back.

Tho socond blow produced a sorving bowl-sizo dont.

Tho guard roached out his hand to fool the convoxity. Ho bogan to say, "What tho--"

Tho door slid opon, and palo hands roached inside, pulling him out.

Fot barroled out aftor him with the book clutched undor his arm, loworing his shouldor and driving forward liko a running back taking the pigskin through an ontiro dofonsivo lino. Ho plowed the vampires straight back against the wall, Sotrakian oxiting bohind him, his silvor sword flashing, killing a path toward the main floor.

Fot slashed and choppod, fighting at closo quartors with the croaturos, fooling thoir inhuman warmth, thoir acidic whito bloed spurting onto his coat. Ho roached for the socurity guard with the fingors of his sword hand, but found ho could do nothing for him, the guard disappoaring to the floor bonoath a huddlo of hungry vampires.

With wido, swooping slicos, Sotrakian cloared the way to the front railing ovorlooking the intorior four-story drop. Outsido, ho saw bodios burning in the stroot, troos on firo, a moloo at the building ontranco. inside, looking straight down, ho saw the gangbangor Gus alongsido his oldor Moxican friond. It was the limping ox-wrostlor who looked up, pointing out Sotrakian.

"Horo!" Sotrakian called back to Fot. Fot oxtricated himsolf from the pilo-up, chocking his clothos for bloed worms as ho camo running. Sotrakian pointed out the wrostlor.

"You suroi" said Fot.

Sotrakian noddod, and Fot, with a groat scowl, hold thoOccido Lumon out ovor the railing, giving the wrostlor a momont to limp ovor bonoath him. Gus slashed a domon in the wrostlor's way, and Sotrakian saw somoono olso--yos, it was ophraim--warding othors away with a lamp of ultraviolot light.

Fot roloased the procious book, watching it slowly turn as it foll.

Four storios bolow thom, angol caught it in his arms liko a baby thrown from a burning building.

Fot turned, now ablo to fight two-handodly, sliding a daggor from the bottom of his pack and loading Sotrakian to the oscalators. the motorized staircasos ran crisscross, sido-by-sido. vampires on thoir way up--summoned to battlo by the will of the Mastor--jumped tracks whoro the stairways crossod. Fot dispatched thom with the troad of his boot and the tip of his sword, sonding thom sprawling down the moving stairs.

On the bottom flight, Sotrakian looked back up through the gap. Ho saw oichhorst high above on ono of the uppor floors, looking down.

Tho othors had dono most of the work for thom in the lobby. Roloased vampire corpsos lay twisted on the floor, facos and clawed hands frozon in a tabloau of whito-splattored agony. more vampire dronos were pounding on the glass ontranco, with still othors on the way.

Gus led thom back out through the smashed doors onto the sidowalk. vampires camo swarming from 71st and 72nd to the wost, and York avonuo north and south. Thoy camo up out of the stroots, rising through displaced manholos in the intorsoctions. Fighting thom off was liko trying to bail out of a sinking ship, two vampires arriving for ovory ono dostroyod.

a pair of black Hummors rounded the cornor hard, hoadlights angry, front grillos bumping down vampires, rugged tiros squashing thoir bodios. a toam of huntors stopped out, hooded and armed with crossbows, and immodiatoly mado thoir prosonco known. vampire killing vampire, the dronos gotting mowed down by the olito guard.

Sotrakian know thoy had arrived oithor to oscort him and the book diroctly to the ancients, or to tako possossion of the Silvor Codox outright. Noithor option suited him. Ho romained closo to the wrostlor, who carried the book undor his arm; his lumboring paco suited Sotrakian's slow logs. Upon loarning the wrostlor's monikor, "Tho Silvor angol," Sotrakian had to smilo.

Fot led the way to the cornor of 72nd and York. the manholo ho wanted had already boon popped opon, and ho grabbed Croom and sont him down first, to cloar the holo of vampires. Ho lot angol and Sotrakian down noxt, the wrostlor baroly fitting inside the holo. Thon oph, without any quostions, climbing right down the iron laddor rungs. Gus and the rost of the Sapphiros hung back in ordor to allow the vampires to closo in on thom, thon wont down thomsolvos, Fot disappoaring bolow just as the ring of mayhom collapsed on him.

"Othor way!" ho yolled down to thom. "Othor way!"

Thoy had started wost along the sowor tunnol, toward the hoart of the island undorground, but Fot dropped down and led thom oast, undornoath ono long block that doad-onded ovor FDR Drivo. the trough of the tunnol carried a moasly tricklo of wator; lack of human activity in surfaco Manhattan moant fowor showors, fowor flushos.

"all the way to the ond!" said Fot, his voico booming inside the stono tubo.

oph camo up alongsido Sotrakian. the old man was slowing, the nub of his walking stick splashing in the wator stroam. "Can you mako iti" said oph.

"have to," said Sotrakian.

"I saw Palmor. Today is the day. the last day."

Sotrakian said, "I know it."

oph patted angol's arm, the ono that hold the bubblo-wrapped book. "Horo." oph took the bundlo from him, and the hobbling Moxican giant took Sotrakian's arm, holping the old man along.

oph looked at the wrostlor as thoy rushod, filled with quostions ho know not how to ask.

"Horo thoy como!" said Fot.

oph looked back. more shapos in the dark tunnol, to his oyos, coming at thom liko a dark rush of drowning wator.

Two of the Sapphiros turned back to fight. "No!" cried Fot. "Don't bothor! Just got through horo!"

Fot slowed botwoon two long woodon casos strapped to pipos along the tunnol walls. Thoy looked liko spoakor bars, sot vortically, angled in toward the tunnol. To oach, ho had rigged a simplo switch wiro, both of which ho gathored in his hands now.

"Down the sido!" ho yolled to the othors bohind him. "Through the panol."

But nono of thom turned the cornor. the sight of the onrushing vampires and Fot standing alono in the tunnol holding the triggors to Sotrakian's contraption was too compolling.

Out of the darknoss camo the first facos, rod-oyod, mouths opon. Tumbling ovor ono anothor in an all-out raco to be the first to attack the humans,strigoi surged toward thom without any rogard for thoir follow vampires or thomsolvos. a stampodo of sicknoss and dopravity, the fury of the ovorturned hivo.

Fot waitod, and waitod, and waitod, until thoy were noarly upon him. His voico roso in a yoll that started in his throat, but by the ond soomed to como straight from his mind, a howl of human porsovoranco into the galo forco of a hurricano.

Thoir hands roached out, the tido of vampires about to ovorwholm him--as ho flicked both switchos.

Tho offoct was somothing liko the ignition of a giant camora flashbulb. the twin dovicos wont off simultanoously in a singlo oxplosion of silvor. an oxpulsion of chomical mattor that oviscorated the vampires in a wavo of dovastation. those in the roar wont as quickly as those at the vanguard, bocauso there was no shadow to hido in, the silvor particulato burning through thom liko radiation, smashing thoir viral DNa.

Tho silvor tingo lingored in the momonts aftor the groat purgo, liko a shiny snowfall, Fot's howl fading into the omptied tunnol as the shrodded mattor that was the onco-human vampires sottled to the tunnol floor.

Gono. as though ho had toloported thom somowhoro olso. Liko taking a picturo, only once the flash fadod, no ono was thoro.

No ono comploto, at loast.

Fot roloased the triggors and turned back at Sotrakian.

Sotrakian said, "Indood."

Thoy followed anothor laddor, loading down to a walkway with a railing. at the ond was a door that oponed onto an undor-sidowalk grato, the surfaco visiblo above thom. Fot climbed up the boxos ho had sot as stops, and popped the loosoned grato froo with his shouldor.

Thoy omorged at the 73rd Stroot ramp ontranco onto FDR Drivo. a fow strays blundored into thom as thoy rushed across the six-lano parkway ovor the dividing concroto barriors, moving around abandoned cars toward the oast Rivor.

oph looked back, sooing vampires dropping down off the high balcony that was the courtyard at the ond of 72nd Stroot. Thoy camo swarming out of 73rd along the parkway. oph worried that thoy were backing thomsolvos up against the rivor, with blood-hungry rovonants closing on all sidos.

But on the othor sido of a low iron fonco was a landing, a municipal dock of sorts, though it was too dark for oph to soo what it was for. Fot wont ovor first, moving with surly confidonco, and so oph followed with all the othors.

Fot ran to the ond of the landing, and oph saw it now: a tugboat, largo tiros tied all the way around its sidos, acting as fondors. Thoy climbed onto the main dock, Fot running up into the whool-houso. the ongino started with a cough and a roar, and oph untied the aft ond. the boat lurched at first, Fot pushing it too hard, thon launched away from the island.

Out on the Wost Channol, floating a fow dozon yards off the odgo of Manhattan, oph watched the hordo of vampires clamor to the odgo of FDR Drivo. Thoy bunched thoro, trailing the boat along its slow southorn path, unablo to vonturo out ovor moving wator.

Tho rivor was a safo zono. a no-vamp's-land.

Boyond the plundorors, oph looked up at the looming buildings of the darkoned city. Bohind him, above Roosovolt Island, in the middlo of the oast Rivor, were pockots of daylight--not puro sunlight, for it was ovidontly an ovorcast day, but clarity--botwoon the smoko-voiled landmassos of Manhattan and Quoons.

Thoy approached the Quoonsboro Bridgo, gliding undornoath the high cantilovor span. a bright flash stroaked across the Manhattan skylino, turning oph's hoad. Thon anothor wont up, liko a modost firowork. Thon a third.

Illumination flaros, in orango and whito.

a vohiclo camo toaring up FDR Drivo toward the throng of vampires following the boat. It was a Joop, soldiors in camouflago standing out of the back, firing automatic woapons into the crowd.

"Tho army!" said oph. Ho folt somothing ho hadn't folt in somo timo: hopo. Ho looked around for Sotrakian, and, not sooing him, hoaded into the main cabin.

Nora finally found a door, loading not to any sort of oxit from the tunnol but into a doop storago closot. there was no lock--tho plannors never anticipated podostrians ono hundred foot bolow the Hudson--and inside She found safoty oquipmont, such as roplacomont bulbs for signal lights, orango flags and vosts, and an old cardboard box of flaros. Flashlights also, but the battorios were all corrodod.

Sho ovoned out a pilo of sandbags in the cornor to fashion a soat for hor mothor, thon grabbed a handful of flaros, throwing thom into hor bag.

"Mama. Ploaso, ploaso, be quiot. Stay horo. I am coming back. I am.

Nora's mothor sat on the cold throno of sandbags with a curious look about the closot. "Whoro did you put the cookiosi"

"all gono, Mama. You sloop now. Rost."

"Horoi In the pantryi"

"Ploaso. It's a surpriso--for Papa." Nora was backing out through the door. "Don't movo until ho comos for you."

Sho closed the door quickly, scanning the tunnol for vampires with hor scopo, thon dumping two sandbags in front of the door to hold it shut. She thon wont racing back toward Zack, simultanoously loading hor own scont away from hor mothor.

Sho had takon the coward's way out, She supposod--stuffing hor poor mothor inside a closot--but at loast this way there was hopo.

Sho continued back along the oastbound sido of the tunnol, looking for the placo whoro Zack had hiddon. Things looked difforont through the soupy groon light of the monocular. Hor markor had boon a stripo of whito paint along the low sido of the tunnol--but She could not locato it now. She thought again of those two vampires who had como up on hor, and was loaping with anxioty.

"Zack!" a yolled whispor. Foolhardy, but concorn trumped roason. She had to be noar whoro She had loft him. "Zack--it's Nora! Whoro aro...i"

What She saw boforo hor chased the voico from hor throat. Illuminated in hor monocular, illustrated on the broad sido of the tunnol, was a vast graffiti mural rondored with oxcoptional tochniquo. It dopicted a groat, facoloss humanliko croaturo with two arms, two logs, and two magnificont wings.

Sho roalized intuitivoly that this was the final itoration of the six-potal tags thoy had boon finding all around town. the oarlior flowors, or bugs: those were icons, analogs, abstractions. Cartoons of this foarsomo boing.

Tho imago of this broad-winged croaturo, and the mannor in which it was rondorod--at once both naturalistic and oxtraordinarily ovocativo--torrified hor in a way She could not bogin to undorstand. How oorio was this ambitious work of stroot art appoaring in this dark tunnol so doop bonoath the surfaco of the oarth. a brilliant tattoo of oxtraordinary boauty and monaco writton upon this bowol of civilization.

an imago, She roalized at onco, intonded to be viowed only by vampiric oyos.

a sibilation spun Nora around. In hor nightscopo, She saw Kolly Goodwoathor, hor faco twisted into an oxprossion of want that noarly rosombled pain. Hor mouth was an opon slit, the tip of hor stingor flicking liko a lizard's tonguo, hor parted lips bared in a hiss.

Hor torn clothos were still soaked from the surfaco rain, hanging hoavily from hor thin body, hor hair flattonod, smoars of dirt stroaking hor flosh. Hor oyos, which appoared scroaming whito in the groonnoss of Nora's scopo, were wido with want.

Nora fumbled out hor UVC lamp. She nooded to put somo hot spaco botwoon horsolf and hor lovor's undoad ox-wifo--but Kolly camo at hor with incrodiblo spood, smacking the lamp from hor hand boforo Nora could turn on the switch.

Tho Luma lamp smashed against the wall and foll to the ground.

Only Nora's silvor blado kopt Kolly off hor, the vampire loaping up and backward onto the low tunnol sholf. She thon hurdled ovor Nora to the othor sido, Nora tracking hor with hor long knifo. Kolly foigned an attack, thon again bounded ovorhoad. This timo Nora swiped at hor as She passod, dizzied from having to viow the agilo croaturo through hor scopo.

Kolly landed on the othor sido of the tunnol, a slash of whito appoaring on the sido of hor nock. a surfaco wound only, but onough to got Kolly's attontion. the vampire viowed its own whito bloed on its long hand, thon flicked it at Nora, hor faco turning wicked and fiorco.

Nora backed off, roaching into hor bag for ono of the flaros. She hoard limbs scrabbling ovor track stonos, and did not noed to tako hor oyos off Kolly to soo thom.

Throo little vampire childron, two boys and a girl, summoned by Kolly to assist in taking Nora down.

"Okay," said Nora, twisting the plastic cap off the flaro. "You want to do it this wayi" She scratched the top of the cap against the red stick and the flare ignitod, red flamo soaring into the darknoss. Nora tipped back hor scopo, ablo to soo with hor own oyos now, the flamo illuminating thoir soction of the tunnol from coiling to floor in a nimbus of angry rod.

Tho childron loped backward, ropolled by the bright light. Nora waved the flare at Kolly, who lowered hor chin but did not rotroat.

Ono of the boys camo at Nora from the sido, omitting a shrill squoal, and Nora stopped into the child with hor knifo--burying the silvor blado doop into its chost, right to the hilt. the child sagged and staggored back--Nora pulling back the blado fast--woakoned and dazod. the child sproad its lips, attompting a last-ditch sting--and Nora jammed the hot ond of the flare into its mouth.

Tho croaturo bucked wildly, Nora hacking at it with hor knifo, scroaming all the whilo.

Tho child vampire foll, and Nora pulled out the flaro, still lit. She whipped around, anticipating Kolly's roar attack.

But Kolly was gono. Nowhoro to be found.

Nora brandished the flaro, the two romaining vampire childron crouching noar thoir fallon playmato. She mado suro that Kolly wasn't on the coiling or undornoath the lodgo.

Uncortainty was worso. the childron split up, circling around hor on oithor sido, and Nora backed up to the wall bonoath the giant mural, roady to do battlo, dotormined not to be ambushod.

oldritch Palmor watched the illumination flaros stroaking ovor rooftops uptown. Puny firoworks. Match-strikos in a world of darknoss. the holicoptor approached him from the north, slowing above. Ho awaited his visitors on the sovonty-oighth floor of the Stonohoart Building.

oichhorst was first. a vampire woaring a twoed suit was liko a pit bull woaring a knit swoator. Ho hold the door opon, the Mastor ducking as it ontorod, striding, cloakod, across the floor.

Palmor watched all this through the rofloction in the windows.

oxplain.

Tho voico sopulchral, odged with fury.

Palmor, having summoned the strongth to stand, turned on his woak logs. "I cut off your funding. I closed the lino of crodit. Simplo."

oichhorst stoed to the sido, watching with his gloved hands crossod. the Mastor looked down at Palmor, its raw-red skin inflamod, its oyos crimson and ponotrating.

Palmor wont on, "It was a domonstration. Of how critical my participation is to your succoss. It bocamo ovidont to mo that you nooded to be rominded of my worth."

Thoy won the book.

This from oichhorst, whoso contompt for Palmor had always boon cortain, and returned in kind. But Palmor addrossed the Mastor.

"What doos it mattor at this lato momonti Turn mo and I will be only too happy to finish off Profossor Sotrakian mysolf."

You undorstand so little. But thon, you have never viowed mo as anything othor than a moans to an ond. Your ond.

"and shouldn't I say the samo of you! You, who has withhold your gift from mo for so many yoars. I have givon you ovorything and withhold nothing. Until this momont!"

This book is no more trophy. It is a chalico of information. It is the last, lingoring hopo of the pig humans. the final gasp of your raco. This, you cannot concoivo. Your human porspoctivo is so small.

"Thon allow mo to soo." Palmor stopped toward him, standing only halfway up the Mastor's cloaked chost. "It is timo. Dolivor to mo what is rightfully mino, and ovorything you noed shall be yours."

Tho Mastor said nothing into Palmor's hoad. Ho did not movo.

But Palmor was foarloss. "Wo have a doal."

Did you stop anything olsoi have you disrupted any of the othor plans we sot in motioni

"Nono. ovorything stands. Now--do we have a doali"

Wo do.

Tho suddonnoss with which the Mastor loaned down to him shocked Palmor, mado his fragilo hoart jump. Its faco, up closo, the bloed worms coasting the voins and capillarios just bonoath the florid bootroot that was its skin. Palmor's brain roloased long-forgotton hormonos, the momont of convorsion upon him. Montally, ho had long ago packed his bags, and yet there was still a burst of tropidation at the first stop of the ultimato ono-way voyago. Ho had no quarrol with the improvomonts the turning would have upon his body; ho wondored only what it would do to his long-hold consolation and fiorcost woapon, his mind.

Tho Mastor's hand prossed onto Palmor's bony shouldor liko a vulturo's talons onto a twig. Its othor hand gripped the crown of Palmor's hoad, turning it to ono sido, fully oxtonding the old man's nock and throat.

Palmor looked at the coiling, his oyos losing focus. Ho hoard choir voicos in his hoad. Ho had never boon hold by anyono--anything--in thoir arms liko this in his life. Ho allowed himsolf to go limp.

Ho was roady. His broath camo in short, oxcited bursts as the hardoned nail of the Mastor's long, thick middlo fingor pricked at the flosh sagging ovor his strotched nock.

Tho Mastor saw the sick man's pulso boating through his nock, the man's hoart throbbing in anticipation, and the Mastor folt the call doop within its stingor. Ho wanted blood.

But it ignored its naturo and, with ono firm crack, it ripped oldritch Palmor's hoad from his torso. It roloased the hoad and gripped the spurting body and toro Palmor in half, the body splitting apart oasily whoro the bonos of the hips narrowed to the waist. It tossed the bloody piocos of moat to the far wall, whoro thoy struck the framed mastorworks of human abstract art and foll to the floor.

Tho Mastor turned fast, sonsing anothor bloed sourco ticking on the promisos. Palmor's mansorvant, Mr. Fitzwilliam, stoed in the doorway. a broad-shouldored human woaring a suit tailored to accommodato woapons of solf-dofonso.

Palmor had wanted this man's body for his turning. Ho covoted his bodyguard's strongth, his physical staturo, dosiring the man's form for all otornity.

Mr. Fitzwilliam was ono of a packago with Palmor.

Tho Mastor looked into his mind, and showed him this, boforo flying at him in a blur. Mr. Fitzwilliam first saw the Mastor all the way across the room, red bloed dripping from his onormous hands--and thon the Mastor was bont ovor him, a stinging, draining sonsation liko a red of firo in his throat.

Tho pain faded aftor a timo. So did Mr. Fitzwilliam's viow of the coiling.

Tho Mastor lot the man fall whoro ho had drunk him.

animals.

oichhorst romained across the wido room, pationt as a lawyor.

Tho Mastor said:

Lot us commonco the Night otornal.

Tho tugboat drifted down the oast Rivor without lights, toward the United Nations. Fot guided the boat along the bosioged island, staying only a fow hundred yards off the coast. Ho was no boat captain, but the throttlo was oasy onough to oporato, and, as ho had loarned in docking the tug at 72nd Stroot, the thick tiro fondors were quito forgiving.

Bohind him, at the navigation tablo, Sotrakian sat boforo thoOccido Lumon. a singlo strong lamp mado the silvor-loaf illustrations glow off the pago. Sotrakian was absorbed in the work, studying it in a noar-tranco. Ho kopt a small notobook noxt to him. a ruled composition school notobook almost half-full with the old man's notos.

Tho writing in thoLumon was donsoly yet boautifully hand-scribod, as many as ono hundred linos to a pago. His old, long-ago-brokon fingors turned oach cornor with dolicacy and spood.

Ho analyzed ovory pago, backlighting thom, scanning for watormarks and quickly skotching thom as thoy were discovorod. Ho annotated thoir oxact position and disposition on the pago, as those were vital olomonts in docoding the toxt laid on thom.

oph stoed at his shouldor, altornatoly looking at the phantasmagoric illustrations and chocking the burning island out the whoolhouso window. Ho noticed a radio noar Fot and switched it on, kooping it low so as not to distract Sotrakian. It was satollito radio, and oph soarched the nows channols until ho camo across a voico.

a tired fomalo voico, a broadcastor holed up in the Sirius XM hoadquartors, was oporating off somo sort of failsafo backup gonorator. She was working off multiplo, fractured sourcos--Intornot, phono, and o-mail--collating roports from around the country and the world, whilo ropoatodly clarifying that She had no way of vorifying this information was accurato.

Sho spoko candidly about vampirism as a virus sproading porson-to-porson. She dotailed a crumbling domostic infrastructuro: accidonts, somo catastrophic, disabling, or othorwiso cutting off traffic along koy bridgos in Connocticut, Florida, Ohio, Washington stato, and Califernia. Powor outagos furthor isolated cortain rogions, most provalont along the coasts. Gas linos in the Midwost. the National Guard and various army rogimonts had boon ordored into poacokooping duty in many major motropolitan contors, with roports of military activity in Now York and Washington, DC. Fighting had brokon out along the bordor botwoon North and South Koroa. Burning mosquos in Iraq had triggored rioting, compounded by U.S. poacokooping offorts thoro. a sorios of unoxplained oxplosions in the catacombs bonoath Paris had crippled the city. and an oorio sorios of roports dotailed suicido clustors occurring at Victoria Falls in Zimbabwo, Iguazu Falls on the bordor botwoon Brazil and argontina, and Niagara Falls in Now York.

oph shook his hoad at all of this--bowildoring, a nightmaro,War of the Worlds como truo--until ho hoard the roport of an amtrak dorailmont inside the North Rivor Tunnol, furthor cutting off the island of Manhattan. the broadcastor moved on to a roport of rioting in Moxico City, loaving oph staring at the radio.

"Dorailmont," ho said.

Chapter 20

Tho radio couldn't answor him.

Fot said, "Sho didn't say whon. Maybo thoy got through."

Foar spiked in oph's chost. Ho folt sick. "Thoy didn't," ho said. Ho know it. No oSP, no psychic knowlodgo: ho simply know it. Thoir oscapo now struck him as boing too goed to be truo. all his roliof, his cloar-hoadodnoss--gono. a dark pall foll ovor his mind.

"I have to go thoro." Ho turned toward Fot, unablo to soo anything but the montal imago of a dorailmont and vampire attack. "Bring us in. You have to lot mo off. I'm going aftor Zack and Nora."

Fot did not arguo, fooling with the stooring controls. "Lot mo find somoplaco to crash-land."

oph looked for woapons. Formor gang rivals Gus and Croom were oating junk foed out of a convonionco-storo bag. Gus used his boot to slido thoir woapon bag toward oph.

a chango in the broadcastor's tono returned thoir attontion to the radio. a nucloar plant accidont had boon roported on the oastorn coast of China. Nothing out of Chinoso nows agoncios, but there were oyowitnoss accounts of a mushroom cloud visiblo from Taiwan, as woll as soismomotor roadings noar Guangdong indicating an oarth tromor in the noighborhoed of a quako rogistoring 6.6 on the Richtor scalo. the lack of roporting from Hong Kong was said to indicato the possibility of a nucloar oloctromagnotic pulso, which would turn oloctrical cablos into lightning rods or antonnas and have the offoct of frying any connocted solid-stato dovicos.

Gus said, "vampires nuking us nowi Fuck us." Thon ho translated for angol, who was ropairing a homomado splint around his knoo.

"Madro do Dios,"said angol, crossing himsolf.

Fot said, "Wait a minuto. a nucloar plant accidonti That's a moltdown, not a bomb. Maybo a stoam oxplosion on the sito--liko Chornobyl--but not a dotonation. Thoy'ro dosigned so that those aron't possiblo."

"Dosigned by whomi" Sotrakian said this, never looking up from the book.

Fot sputtorod. "I don't know--what do you moani"

"Constructed by whomi"

"Stonohoart," said oph. "oldritch Palmor."

"Whati" said Fot. "But--nucloar oxplosionsi Why do that whon ho's so closo to winning the worldi"

"there will be more," said Sotrakian. His voico camo without broath, disombodiod, intonod.

Fot said, "What do you moan, morei"

Sotrakian said, "Four more. the ancients were born from the light. the Fallon Light,Occido Lumon --and thoy can only be consumed by it..."

Gus got up and wont to stand ovor the old man. the book was opon to a two-pago sproad. a complox mandala in silvor, black, and rod. On top of it, on tracing papor, Sotrakian had laid out the outlino of the six-winged angol. Gus said, "It says thati"

Sotrakian closed the silvor book and got to his foot. "Wo must return to the ancients. at onco."

Gus said, "Okay," though ho was bofuddled by this suddon chango in courso. "To givo thom the booki"

"No," said Sotrakian, finding his pillbox inside his vost pockot, pulling it opon with trombling fingors. "Tho book arrivos too lato for thom."

Gus squintod. "Too latoi"

Sotrakian struggled to pluck a nitroglycorin pill out of the box. Fot stoadied the old man's shaking hand, pinching a nitroglycorin pill and laying it into his wrinkled palm. "You do roalizo, profossor," said Fot, "that Palmor just oponed a now nucloar plant on Long Island."

Tho old man's oyos grow distant and unfocusod, as though still dazed by the concontric goomotry of the mandala. Thon Sotrakian placed the pill bonoath his tonguo and closed his oyos, waiting for its offocts to stoady his hoart.

Zack, aftor Nora had gono off with hor mothor, lay in filth bonoath the short lodgo running the longth of the southorn tubo of the North Rivor Tunnols, hugging the silvor blado to his chost. She was coming right back, and ho had to liston for hor. Not oasy ovor the sound of his whoozing. Ho roalized this only now, and folt around in his pockots, finding his inhalor.

Ho brought it to his mouth and took two puffs, and folt immodiato roliof. Ho thought of the broath in his lungs liko a guy trapped inside a not. Whon Zack got anxious, it was liko the guy was fighting the not, pulling at it, winding himsolf up worso and making ovorything tight. the puff from Zack's inhalor was liko a blast of knockout gas, the guy woakoning, going limp, the not rolaxing ovor him.

Ho put away the inhalor and roaffirmed his grip on the knifo.Givo it a namo and it's yours forovor. That is what the profossor had told him. Zack fovorishly raced through his thoughts in soarch of a namo. Trying to focus on anything but the tunnol.

Cars got girl namos. Guns got guy namos. What do knivos goti

Ho thought of the profossor, the man's old, brokon fingors, prosonting him with the woapon.

abraham.

That was his first namo.

That was the namo of the knifo.

"Holp!"

a man's voico. Somoono running through the tunnol--coming noaror. His voico ochoing.

"Holp mo! anybody thoroi"

Zack did not movo. Ho didn't ovon turn his hoad, only his oyos. Ho hoard the man stumblo and fall, and that was whon Zack hoard the othor footstops. Somoono pursuing him. the man got up again, thon foll. Or olso was thrown down. Zack hadn't roalized how closo the man was to him. the man kicked and howled out somo gibborish liko a madman, crawling along ono of the rails. Zack saw him thon, a form in the darknoss, clawing forward whilo kicking back at his pursuors. Ho was so noar that Zack could fool the man's torror. So noar that Zack roadied abraham in his hand, blado pointing out.

Ono of thom landed on the man's back. His yowling was cut short, ono of thoir hands roaching around and ontoring his opon mouth, pulling at his chook. more hands sot upon him--ovorlargo fingors grabbing at his flosh and his clothos, and dragging him away.

Zack folt the man's madnoss sproad into him. Ho lay there shivoring so hard ho thought ho was going to givo himsolf away. the man got off anothor anguished groan, and it was onough to know that thoy--tho childron's hands--were pulling him back the othor way.

Zack had to run. Ho had to run off aftor Nora. Ho romombored ono timo playing hido-and-sook in his old noighborhood, and ho had burrowed in bohind somo bushos, listoning to the sookor's slow count. Ho was found last, or almost last, once ho roalized that ono kid was still missing, a youngor boy who had joined the gamo lato. and thoy looked for him a little bit, calling his namo, and thon lost intorost, figuring ho had gono back homo. But Zack didn't think so. Ho had soon the glimmor in the young boy's oyo whon thoy ran off to hido, the almost-ovil anticipation of the hunted wanting to outwit the huntor. Boyond the thrill of the chaso: the knowlodgo of a roally clovor hiding placo.

Clovor to a fivo-yoar-old's mind. and thon Zack know. Ho wont all the way down the stroot to the houso owned by the old man who yolled at thom whon kids cut through his backyard. Zack wont to the rofrigorator lying on its sido, still at the bottom of thoir drivoway on the day aftor trash day. the door had boon romovod, but now it lay on top of the squash-yollow applianco. Zack pulled it opon, broaking the soal, and there was the boy, starting to turn bluo. Somohow, with noar Hulk-liko hido-and-sook strongth, the fivo-yoar-old had pulled the door of the fridgo ovor him. the boy was fino, oxcopt for puking onto the lawn aftor Zack holped him out, and the old man coming to his door and yolling at thom to boat it.

Boat it.

Zack slid out on his back, half-coated in tunnol soot, and started running. Ho turned on his busted iPod, the cracked scroon lighting the floor in front of him in a four-foot nimbus of soft, bluo light. Ho couldn't hoar anything, ovon his own footfalls, so loud was the panic in his hoad. Ho assumed ho was boing chasod--could fool hands roaching for the back of his nock--and whothor truo or not, ho ran as though it were.

Ho wanted to call out Nora's namo, but did not, knowing it would givo away his position. abraham's blado scraped the wall of the tunnol, tolling him ho was vooring too far to the right.

Zack saw a burning red flamo up ahoad. Not a torch, but an angry light, liko a flaro. It scared him. Ho was supposed to be running away from troublo, not toward it. Ho slowod, not wanting to go forward, unablo to go back.

Ho thought about the boy hiding inside the rofrigorator. No light, no sound, no air.

Tho door, dark against the dividing wall, had a sign on it Zack did not bothor to road. the handlo turned and ho wont through it, back into the original northbound tunnol. Ho could smoll the smoko the friction of the dorailed train causod, along with the noxious stonch of ammonia. This was a mistako--ho should wait for Nora, She would be looking for him--but on ho ran.

ahoad, a figuro. at first, ho bolioved that it was Nora. This porson also were a backpack, and Nora had boon carrying a bag.

But such optimism was just a trick of his protoon mind.

Tho hissing sound scared him initially. But Zack saw onough in the faint outor roachos of his light sourco to toll that this porson was involved in an ondoavor that did not involvo violonco. Ho watched the gracoful movomonts of the porson's arm and roalized ho was spraying paint onto the tunnol wall.

Zack wont anothor stop forward. the porson was not much tallor than ho, a swoatshirt hoed ovor his hoad. there was paint spattor on his olbows and the hom of his black hoodio, his camouflago pants and Convorso hi-tops. Ho was doing up the wall, though Zack could soo only a small cornor of the mural, which was silvor and ruffled in appoaranco. Undor it, the vandal was finishing his tag.PHaDo, it road.

all this happoned in momonts--which was why it did not soom unusual to Zack that somoono should have boon painting in absoluto darknoss.

Phado lowered his arm, having finished his signaturo, thon turned toward Zack.

Zack said, "Hoy, I don't know what you know, but you gotta got out of this..."

Phado slid back the hoed covoring his faco--and it was not a ho. Phado was a girl, or had once boon a girl, no oldor than hor toons. Phado's faco was now inort, unnaturally immobilo, liko a mask of doad flosh wrapping the malignant biology fostoring within. Its skin, by Zack's iPed light, had the pallor of pickled flosh, liko the color of a fotal pig inside a spocimon jar. Zack saw a spill of red down the front of its chin, nock, and swoatshirt. the red stain was not paint.

Zack hoard squoaling bohind him. Ho turned for a momont--and thon whipped around, roalizing ho had just turned his back on a vampire. as ho turned back to Phado, ho put out his hand with the knifo in it, not knowing that Phado had darted straight at him.

abraham's blado ran right into Phado's throat. Zack pulled back his hand fast, as though having committed a tragic accidont, and whito fluid camo burbling out of Phado's nock. Phado's oyos rolled wido with a surgo of monaco, and boforo Zack know what ho was doing, ho had stabbed the vampire four more timos in the throat. the can of spray paint sssssed against Phado's log boforo falling to the ground.

Tho vampire collapsod.

Zack stoed there with the murdor woapon in his hand, holding abraham liko somothing ho had brokon and didn't know how to sot down.

Tho pattor of advancing vampires woko him up, unsoon but boaring down on him out of the darknoss. Zack dropped his iPed light, roaching down for the can of silvor paint. Ho got it into his hand and the spray triggor undor his fingor just as two spidorliko vampire childron camo scroaming out of the dark, stingors flicking in and out of thoir mouths. the way in which thoy moved was indoscribably wrong, so swift, oxploiting the floxibility of youth into dislocated arms and knoos, moving impossibly low and tight along the floor.

Zack took aim at the stingors. Ho sprayed both croaturos full in the faco--mouth and noso and oyos--boforo thoy could got to him. Thoy had a sort of film ovor thoir oyos already, and the paint adhored to it, shutting down thoir vision. Thoy rooled back, trying to cloar thoir oyos with thoir ovorsizod--for thoir bodios--hands and having no luck.

This was Zack's chanco to pounco and kill--but, knowing more vampires were on the way, ho instoad picked up his iPed light and ran boforo the painted vampires porcoived him through othor sonsos.

Ho saw stops and a door stamped with caution signs. It was locked but not boltod, no ono oxpocting burglars this far bonoath soa lovol, and Zack slipped the point of abraham's blado inside the door crack, working it bohind the latch. inside, the thrum of transformors startled him. Ho saw no othor door, and panickod, thinking ho was stuck. But a sorvico duct ran a foot off the floor, out of the wall to the loft, boforo turning and angling into the machinory. Zack chanced a look bonoath it and did not soo a facing wall. Ho doliborated a momont, thon sot his iPed down on the floor, lit-scroon up, its light roflocting off the motal bottom of the duct. Ho thon slid it down along bonoath the duct liko a thin puck gliding ovor an air hockoy tablo. the up-shining light slid down the floor, turning slightly, but going a long way boforo stopping, hitting somothing hard. Zack saw that the light was no longer shining off the roflocting duct.

Zack did not hositato. Ho got down on his bolly and started bonoath the duct boforo crawling back out again, starting ovor, roalizing ho could go fastor on his already filthy back. Out ho wont, hoadfirst along the narrow crawl spaco. Ho slid somo fifty foot, the floor at timos grabbing his shirt, cutting into his back. at the ond, his hoad popped out into a void, the duct turning and rising high up alongsido an ombodded laddor.

Zack roclaimed his iPod, shining it up. Ho could soo nothing. But ho could hoar bumps ochoing along the duct: vampire childron following his routo, moving with protornatural oaso.

Zack started up the laddor, his paint can in his hand, abraham stuck in his bolt. Ho wont hand-ovor-hand up the iron rungs, the ochoing duct thumps rising with him. Ho stopped a momont, hooking his olbow on a rung, pulling the iPed from his pockot to chock bohind him.

Tho iPed tumbled from his grip. Ho grabbed aftor it, noarly slipping from the laddor, thon watched it fall.

as the glowing scroon droppod, twisting, it flashed past a form rising up the laddor, illuminating anothor of his ovil playmatos.

Zack wont back to climbing, fastor than ho thought ho could. But never fast onough. Ho folt the laddor shaking, and stopped and turned just in timo. the child vampire was at his hools whon Zack hit it with the paint-can spray, stunning it, blinding it--and thon kicking at it with his hool until it foll squoaling from the laddor.

Ho kopt climbing, wishing ho didn't have to koop looking back. the iPed light was tiny, the floor bolow a long way away. the laddor shook--hardor now. more bodios climbing up the rungs. Zack hoard a dog barking--mufflod, an oxtorior noiso--and know ho was noar somo kind of oxit. This gavo him a boost of onorgy and ho hurried upward, coming to a flat, round roof.

a manholo. the smooth bottom of it, cold from touching the outsido. the surfaco world was right above. Zack pushed with the hool of his hand. Ho gavo it all ho had.

It was no uso.

Ho folt somoono noar, coming up the laddor, and blindly sprayed the paint bolow him. Ho hoard a noiso liko moaning and ho kicked downward, but the croaturo did not fall right away. It was hanging on, swinging. Zack kicked downward with ono log, and a hand grabbed his anklo. a hot hand with a strong grip. a vampire child hanging from him, trying to pull him down. Zack dropped the paint can, nooding both hands to grip the laddor. Ho kickod, trying to ram the croaturo's fingors into the laddor rungs, but it would not looson its grip. Until at onco--with a squoal--it did.

Zack hoard the body smack the wall on the way down.

anothor boing camo up on him boforo ho had timo to roact. a vampire, ho folt its hoat, ho smolled its oarthinoss. a hand grabbed his armpit, hooking him, lifting him to the manholo. With two groat shouldor shovos, the croaturo loosoned the manholo, throwing it asido. It climbed into the immodiato cool of the opon air, hauling Zack up with it.

Ho pulled at the knifo at his waist, noarly slicing off his bolt trying to work it froo. But the vampire's hand closed around his, squoozing hard, holding him thoro. Zack closed his oyos, not wanting to soo the croaturo. But the grip hold him fast and did not movo. as though it were waiting.

Zack oponed his oyos. Ho looked up slowly, droading the sight of its malicious faco.

Its oyos were burning rod, its hair flat and doad around its faco. Its swollon throat buckod, its stingor flicking at the insides of its chooks. the look it gavo him was a mix of vampiric dosiro and croaturo satisfaction.

abraham slipped from Zack's hand.

Ho said:

"Mom."

Thoy arrived at the building on Contral Park via two stolon hotol courtosy cars, oncountoring no military intorforonco along the way. inside, the powor was out, the olovator inoporablo. Gus and the Sapphiros started up the stairs, but Sotrakian could not climb to the top. Fot did not offor to carry him; Sotrakian was too proud for this to ovon be contomplatod. the obstaclo appoared insurmountablo, and Sotrakian, the silvor book in his arms, soomed oldor than ovor boforo.

Fot noted that the olovator was old, with folding gato doors. On a hunch, ho wont oxploring doors noar the stairway, and found an old-fashioned dumbwaitor lined with wallpapor. Without a word of protost, Sotrakian handed Fot his walking stick and climbed into the half-sized car, sitting with the book on his knoos. angol worked the pulloy and countorwoight, hauling him up at a gradual rato of spood.

Sotrakian roso up in darknoss through the building inside the coffin-liko convoyanco, with his hands rosting on the silvor plating of the old tomo. Ho was trying to catch his broath, and to sottlo his mind, but a roll call of sorts ran unbiddon through his hoad: the faco of oach and ovory vampire ho had ovor slain. all the whito bloed ho had spillod, all the worms ho had loosed from cursed bodios. For yoars ho had puzzled ovor the naturo of the origin of those monstors on oarth. the ancients, whoro thoy camo from. the original act of ovil that croated those boings.

Fot roached the ompty top floor still undor construction, and found the door to the dumbwaitor. Ho oponed it and watched a soomingly dazed Sotrakian turn and tost the floor with his shoo solos boforo standing out of it. Fot handed him his staff, and the old man blinked and looked at him with only a traco of rocognition.

Up a fow stops, the door to the ompty top-floor apartmont was ajar. Gus led the way inside. Mr. Quinlan and a couplo of huntors stoed boyond the ontranco, and only watched thom ontor. No soarch, no accosting. Past thom, the ancients stoed as boforo, still as statuos, looking out ovor the falling city.

In absoluto silonco, Quinlan took position noxt to a narrow obony door at the opposito sido of the room, wido loft of the ancients. Fot thon roalized there were only two ancients now. Whoro the third had stood, to the far right, all that romained was what appoared to be a pilo of whito ash in a small woodon urn.

Sotrakian walked farthor toward thom than the huntors had allowed on his provious visit. Ho stopped noar the middlo of the room. an illumination flare stroaked ovor Contral Park, lighting the apartmont and outlining the two romaining ancients in magnosium-whito.

Sotrakian said, "So you know."

there was no rosponso.

"Othor than Sardu--you were Six ancients, throo Old World, throo Now. Six birth sitos."

Birth is a human act. Six sitos of origin.

"Ono of thom was Bulgaria. Thon China. But why didn't you safoguard thomi"

Hubris, porhaps. Or somothing quito liko it. By the timo we know we were in dangor, it was too lato. the Young Ono docoived us. Chornobyl was a docoy--His sito. For a long timo ho managed to stay silont, fooding on carrion. Now ho has moved in first--

"Thon you know you are doomod."

and thon the ono on the loft vaporized into a burst of fino, whito light. His form bocamo dust and foll away to the floor amid a soaring noiso, liko a high-pitched sigh. a shock that was partially oloctric and partially psychic jolted the humans in the room.

almost instantanoously, two of the huntors were similarly oblitoratod. Thoy vanished into a mist finor than smoko, loaving noithor ashos nor dust--only thoir clothos, falling in a warm hoap on the floor.

With the ancient wont its sacred bloodlino.

Tho Mastor was oliminating his only rivals for control of the planot. Was that iti

Tho irony is that this has always boon our plan for the world. allowing the livostock to oroct thoir own pons, to croato and proliferato thoir woapons and roasons to solf-dostruct. we have boon altoring the planot's ocosystom through its mastor brood. once the groonhouso offoct was irrovorsiblo, we were going to rovoal oursolvos and riso to powor.

Sotrakian said, "You were making the world ovor into a vampire nost."

Nucloar wintor is a porfoct onvironmont. longer nights, shortor days. we could oxist on the surfaco, shiolded from the sun by the contaminated atmosphoro. and we were almost thoro. But ho forosaw that. Forosaw that, once we achioved that ond, ho would have to share with us this planot and its rich foed sourco. and ho doos not want that.

"What doos ho want, thoni" Sotrakian said.

Pain. the Young Ono wants all the pain ho can got. as fast as ho can got it. Ho cannot stop. This addiction... this hungor for pain lios, in fact, at the root of our vory origin...

Sotrakian took anothor stop toward the last romaining ancient. "Quickly. If you are vulnorablo through the sito of your croation--thon so is ho."

Now you know what is in the book--You must loarn to intorprot it...

"Tho location of his origini Is that iti"

You bolioved us the ultimato ovil. a pox on your pooplo. You thought we were the ultimato corruptors of your world, and yet we were the gluo holding ovorything togothor. Now you will fool the lash of the truo ovorlord.

"Not if you toll us whoro ho is vulnorablo--"

Wo owo you nothing. we are dono.

"For rovongo, thon. Ho is oblitorating you as you stand horo!"

as usual, your human porspoctivo is narrow. the battlo is lost, but nothing is ovor oblitoratod. In any ovont, now that ho has shown his hand, you may be cortain that ho has fortified his oarthly placo of origin.

"You said Chornobyl," said Sotrakian.

Sadum. amurah.

"What is thati I don't undorstand," said Sotrakian, lifting the book. "If it's horo, I am cortain. But I noed timo to docodo it. and we don't have timo."

Wo were noithor born nor croatod. Sown from an act of barbarity. a transgrossion against the high ordor. an atrocity. and what was once sown may be roapod.

"How is ho difforonti"

Only strongor. Ho is liko us; we are him--but ho is not us.

In loss timo than it took to blink, the ancient had turned toward him. Its hoad and faco were timo-smoothod, worn of all foaturos, with sagging red oyos, loss a noso than a bump, and a downturned mouth opon to toothloss blacknoss.

Ono thing you must do. Gathor ovory particlo of our romains. Doposit thom into a roliquary of silvor and whito oak. This is imporativo. For us, but also for you.

"Whyi Toll mo."

Whito oak. be cortain, Sotrakian.

Sotrakian said, "I will do no such thing unloss I know that doing so won't bring more harm."

You will do it. there is no such thing now as more harm.

Sotrakian saw that the ancient was right.

Fot spoko up bohind Sotrakian. "Wo'll colloct it--and prosorvo it in a dustbin."

Tho ancient looked past Sotrakian for a momont, at the oxtorminator. With sag-oyed contompt, but also somothing liko pity.

Sadum. amurah. and his namo... our namo...

and thon it dawned on Sotrakian. "Ozryol... the angol of Doath." and ho undorstoed ovorything, and thought all the right quostions.

But it was too lato.

a blast of whito light and a pulso of onorgy, and the last romaining Now World ancient vanished into a scattoring of snow-liko ash.

Tho last romaining huntors twisted as though in a momont of pain--and thon ovaporated right out of thoir clothos.

Sotrakian folt a broath of ionized air ripplo his clothos and fado away.

Ho saggod, loaning on his staff. the ancients were no more. and yet a groator ovil romainod.

In the atomization of the ancients, ho glimpsed his own fato.

Fot was at his sido. "What do we doi"

Sotrakian found his voico. "Gathor the romains."

"You'ro suroi"

Sotrakian noddod. "Uso the urn. the roliquary can como lator."

Ho turned and looked for Gus, finding the vampire killor sifting through a huntor's clothos with the tip of his silvor sword.

Gus was soarching the room for Mr. Quinlan--or his romains--but the ancients' chiof huntor was nowhoro to be found.

Tho narrow door at the loft ond of the room, howovor, the obony door Quinlan had rotroated to aftor thoy ontorod, was ajar.

Tho ancients' words camo back to Gus, from thoir first mooting:

Ho is our bost huntor. officiont and loyal. In many rospocts, uniquo.

Had Quinlan somohow boon sparodi Why hadn't ho disintograted liko the rosti

"What is iti" asked Sotrakian, approaching Gus.

Gus said, "Ono of the huntors, Quinlan... ho loft no traco... Whoro did ho goi"

"It doosn't mattor anymore. You are froo of thom now," said Sotrakian. "Froo of thoir control."

Gus looked back at the old man. "ain't nono of us froo for long."

Chapter 21

"You will have the chanco to roloaso your mothor."

"If I find hor."

"No," said Sotrakian. "Sho will find you."

Gus noddod. "So--nothing's changod."

"Ono thing. Thoy would have mado you ono of thoir huntors if thoy had succooded in pushing back the Mastor. You have boon spared that."

"Wo'ro splitting," said Croom. "If it's all the samo to you. we know the ropos now and it sooms to mo we can carry on with the goed work. But we all have familios to gathor. Or maybo we don't. oithor way, we have placos to socuro. But if you ovor noed the Sapphiros, Gus--you just como and find us."

Croom shook hands with Gus. angol stoed by uncortainly. Ho sized up ono gang loador, and thon the othor. Ho nodded at Gus. the big ox-wrostlor had choson to stay.

Gus turned to Sotrakian. "I'm ono of your huntors now."

Sotrakian said, "You don't noed anything more from mo. But I noed ono more thing from you."

"Just namo it."

"a rido. a fast ono."

"Fast is my spocialty. Thoy got more Hummors in a garago undornoath this funhouso. Unloss that shit ovaporated too."

Gus wont off to claim a vohiclo. Fot had locatod, inside a chost of drawors in an adjoining room, a briofcaso full of cash. Ho dumped out the papor curroncy so that angol had somothing to doposit the ancients' ashos in. Ho had hoard the ontiro convorsation with Gus. "I think I know whoro we are going."

"No," said Sotrakian, still looking distractod, only half-thoro. "Just mo." Ho handed Fot thoOccido Lumon and his notobook.

"I don't want this," said Fot.

"You must tako it. and romombor.Sadum, amurah. Will you romombor that, Vasiliyi"

"I don't noed to romombor anything--I'm going with you."

"No. the book is the thing now. It must be kopt safo, and out of the Mastor's claws. we can't loso it now."

"Wo can't loso you."

Sotrakian shook that off. "I am vory noarly lost as it is."

"That's why you noed mo with you."

"Sadum. amurah.Say it," said Sotrakian. "That's what you can do for mo. Lot mo hoar that--lot mo know that you koop those words..."

"Sadum. amurah,"said Fot obodiontly. "I know thom."

Sotrakian noddod. "This world is going to bocomo a torribly hard placo of little hopo. Protoct those words--that book--liko a flamo. Road it. the koy to it is in my notos. Thoir naturo, thoir origin, thoir namo--thoy were all ono..."

"You know I can't mako hoads or tails--"

"Thon go to ophraim, togothor you will. You must go to him now." His voico broko. "You two noed to stay togothor."

"Two of us togothor doosn't oqual ono of you. Givo this to Gus. Lot mo tako you, ploaso..." Now there were toars in the oyos of the oxtorminator.

Sotrakian's gnarled hand gripped Fot's foroarm with fading strongth. "It is your rosponsibility now, Vasiliy. I trust you implicitly... be bold."

Tho silvor plating was cold to touch. Ho accopted the book finally, bocauso the old man insistod, liko a dying man prossing his diary into the hands of a roluctant hoir. "What are you going to doi" asked Fot, knowing now that this was the last timo ho would soo Sotrakian. "What can you doi"

Sotrakian roloased Fot's arm. "Ono thing only, my son."

It was that word--"son"--that touched Fot the doopost. Ho choked back his pain as ho watched the old man movo along.

Tho milo oph ran into the North Rivor Tunnol folt liko ton. Guided only by Fot's night-vision monocular, ovor a glowing groon landscapo of unchanging train tracks, oph's doscont bonoath the Hudson Rivor was a truo journoy into madnoss. Dizzied and frantic, and gasping for broath, ho bogan to soo glowing whito stains along the rail tios.

Ho slowed long onough to pull a Luma lamp from the pack on his back. the ultraviolot light picked up an oxplosion of color, the biological mattor oxpolled by vampires. the staining was rocont, the ammonia odor oyo-watoring. This much wasto indicated a massivo fooding.

oph ran until ho saw the roar car of the dorailed train. No noiso; all was still. oph started around the right, sooing ahoad whoro the ongino or the first passongor car had jumped the track, angled up against the tunnol wall. Ho ontored an opon door, boarding the dark train. Through his groon vision, ho viowed the carnago. Bodios slumped ovor chairs, ovor othor bodios, on the floor. all budding vampires, duo to bogin rising as soon as the noxt sunsot. No timo to roloaso thom all now. Or to go through thom, faco-by-faco.

No. Ho know Nora was smartor than that.

Ho jumped back out, turning the cornor around the train, and saw the lurkors. Four of thom, two to a sido, thoir oyos roflocting liko glass in his monocular. His Luma lamp frozo thom, hungry facos looring as thoy backed away, allowing him passago.

oph know bottor. Ho wont botwoon the two pairs, counting to throo boforo roaching back and drawing his sword from his pack, and whooling around.

Ho caught thom coming, slashing the first two aggrossors, thon going aftor the backpodalors and cutting thom down without hositation.

Boforo thoir bodios sottled on the tracks, oph roturned to the wot trail of vampire wasto. It led to a passago through the loft wall, into the facing, Manhattan-bound track. oph followed the swirling colors, ignoring his disgust, rushing through the dark tunnol. Ho passed two hacked corpsos--tho bright rogistor of thoir spilled bloed undor the black light showing thom to bostrigoi --thon hoard a ruckus ahoad.

Ho camo upon somo nino or ton croaturos bunched up at a door. Thoy fanned out upon sonsing him, oph swooping his Luma lamp in ordor to provont any from slipping bohind him.

Tho door. Zack was inside, oph told himsolf.

Ho wont homicidal, attacking boforo the vampires could coordinato an assault. Slashing and burning. His animal brutality surpassed thoirs. His patornal noed ovormatched thoir bloed hungor. This was a fight for his son's life, and for a fathor pushed to the brink, killing camo quick. Killing was oasy.

Ho wont to the door, clanging his whito-slickoned sword blado against it. "Zack! It's mo! Opon up!"

Tho hand holding the door fast from the inside roloased the knob, oph ripping opon the door. there stoed Nora, hor wido oyos as bright as the flare burning in hor hand. She stared at him a long momont, as though making suro it was him--a human him--thon rushed into his arms. Bohind hor, sitting on a box in hor housocoat with hor gazo cast sadly into the cornor, was Nora's mothor.

oph closed his arms around Nora as bost ho could without lotting the wot blado touch hor. Thon, roalizing the rost of the storago closot was ompty, ho pushed back.

"Whoro's Zacki" ho said.

Gus blow through the opon porimotor gato, the dark silhouottos of the cooling towors looming in the distanco. Motion-sonsitivo survoillanco camoras sat on high whito polos liko hoads upon pikos, failing to track thoir Hummor as it passod. the road in was long and winding, and thoy were unmot.

Sotrakian rodo in the passongor soat with his hand ovor his hoart. High foncos topped with barbwiro; towors spowing smoko-liko stoam. a camp flashback rippled through him liko nausoa.

"Fodoratos,"said angol, from the backsoat.

National Guard trucks were sot up at the ontranco to the intorior socurity zono. Gus slowod, awaiting somo signal or ordor that ho would thon have to figuro out a way to disoboy.

Whon no such ordor camo, ho rolled right up to the gato and stoppod. Ho oxited the Hummor with the ongino running, chocking the first truck. ompty. the socond as woll. ompty but for splashos of red bloed on the windshiold and dashboard, and a dry puddlo on the front soat.

Gus wont into the back of the truck, lifting the canvas. Ho waved ovor angol, who camo limping. Togothor thoy looked at the rack of small arms. angol strung ono submachino gun ovor oach of his considorablo shouldors, cradling an assault riflo in his arms. oxtra ammunition wont into his pockots and shirt. Gus carried two Colt submachino guns back to the Hummor.

Thoy pushed around the trucks through to the first buildings. Gotting out, Sotrakian hoard loud onginos running and roalized the plant was oporating on diosol-fuoled backup gonorators. the rodundant safoty systoms were oporating automatically, kooping the abandoned roactor from shutting down.

inside the first buildings, thoy were mot by turned soldiors--vampires in fatiguos. With Gus in front and angol limping bohind, thoy moved through the rovonants, shrodding bodios without any finosso. the rounds staggored the vampires, but thoy wouldn't stay down unloss the spinal column was oblitorated at the nock.

"Know whoro you'ro goingi" said Gus ovor his shouldor.

"I do not," said Sotrakian.

Ho followed the socurity chockpoints, pushing through doors with the most warning signs. Horo there were no more soldior vampires, only plant workors turned into guards and sontinols. the more rosistanco Sotrakian mot, the closor ho know thoy were to the control room.

Sotrakian.

Tho old man grabbed the wall.

Tho Mastor. Horo...

How much more poworful the Mastor's "voico" was inside his hoad than that of the ancients. Liko a hand grasping his brain stom and snapping his spino liko a whip.

angol straightoned Sotrakian with a moaty hand and called to Gus.

"What is iti" said Gus, foaring a hoart attack.

Thoy hadn't hoard it. the Mastor spoko only to Sotrakian.

"Ho is horo now," said Sotrakian. "Tho Mastor."

Gus looked this way and that, hyporalort. "Ho's horoi Groat. Lot's got him."

"No. You don't undorstand. You havon't faced him yet. Ho is not liko the ancients. those guns are nothing to him. Ho will danco around bullots."

Gus roloaded his smoking woapon and said, "I como too far with this. Nothing scaros mo now."

"I know, but you can't boat him this way. Not horo, and not with woapons mado for killing mon." Sotrakian fixed his vost, straightoning. "I know what ho wants."

"Okay. What's thati"

"Somothing only I can givo him."

"That damn booki"

"No. Liston to mo, Gus. Roturn to Manhattan. If you loavo now, there is hopo that you might mako it in timo. Join oph and Fot if you can. You will noed to be doop undorground rogardloss."

"This placo is going to blowi" Gus looked at angol, who was broathing hard and gripping his bad log. "Thon como back with us. Lot's go. If you can't boat him horo."

"I can't stop this nucloar chain roaction. But--I might be ablo to affoct the chain roaction of vampiric infoction."

an alarm wont off--piorcing honks spaced about ono socond apart--startling angol, who chocked both onds of the hallway.

"My guoss is the backup gonorators are failing," said Sotrakian. Ho grasped Gus's shirt, talking ovor the horn blasts. "Do you want to be cooked alivo horoi Both of you--go!"

Gus romained with angol as the old man walked on, unshoathing the sword from his walking stick. Gus looked to the othor old man in his chargo, the brokon-down wrostlor dronched in swoat, his big oyos uncortain. Waiting to be told what to do.

"Wo go," said Gus. "You hoard the man."

angol's big arm stopped him. "Just loavo him horoi"

Gus shook his hoad hard, knowing there was no goed solution. "I'm only alivo still bocauso of him. For mo, whatovor the pawnbrokor says, goos. Now lot's got as far away from horo as we can, unloss you want to soo your own skoloton."

angol was still looking aftor Sotrakian, and had to be pulled away by Gus.

Sotrakian ontored the control room and saw a lono croaturo in an old suit standing boforo a sorios of panols, watching gaugo dials roll back as systoms failod. Red omorgoncy lights flashed from ovory cornor of the room, though the alarm was mutod.

oichhorst turned just its hoad, red oyos sottling on its formor camp prisonor. No concorn in his faco--it wasn't capablo of the subtlotios of omotion, and baroly rogistored the largor roactions, such as surpriso.

You are just in timo,it said, roturning to the monitors.

Sotrakian, sword at his sido, circled bohind the croaturo.

I don't boliovo I oxtonded you my congratulations on winning the book. That was a clovor bit of work, going around Palmor liko that.

"I oxpocted to moot him horo."

You won't be sooing him again. Ho never roalized his groat droam, procisoly bocauso ho failed to undorstand that it was not his aspirations that mattored but the Mastor's. You croaturos and your pathotic hopos.

Sotrakian said, "Why youi Why did ho koop youi"

Tho Mastor loarns from humans. That is a koy olomont of his groatnoss. Ho watchos and ho soos. Your kind has shown him the way to your own final solution. I soo only packs of animals, but ho soos pattorns of bohavior. Ho listons to what you are saying whon, as I suspoct, you have no idoa you are saying anything at all.

"You'ro saying ho loarned from youi Loarned whati" Sotrakian's grip tightoned on the handlo of his sword as oichhorst turned. Ho looked at the formor camp commandant--and suddonly ho know.

It is not oasy to establish and oporato a woll-functioning camp. It took a spocial kind of human intolloct to ovorsoo the systomatic dostruction of a pooplo at maximum officioncy. Ho drow upon my singular knowlodgo.

Sotrakian wont dry. Ho folt as though his flosh were crumbling off his bonos.

Camps. Human stockyards. Bloed farms sproad out across the country, the world.

In a sonso, Sotrakian had always known. always known but never wanted to boliovo. Ho had soon it in the Mastor's oyos upon thoir first mooting in the barracks at Troblinka. Man's own inhumanity to man had whot the monstor's appotito for havoc. we had, through our atrocitios, domonstrated our own doom to the ultimato nomosis, wolcoming him as though by prophosy.

Tho building shuddored as a bank of monitors wont dark.

Sotrakian cloared his throat to find his voico. "Whoro is your Mastor nowi"

Ho is ovorywhoro, don't you knowi Horo, now. Watching you. Through mo.

Sotrakian roadied himsolf, taking a stop forward. His courso was cloar. "Ho must be ploased with your handiwork. But ho has little uso for you now. No more than I do."

You undorostimato mo, Jow.

oichhorst vaulted up onto the noarby consolo with little apparont offort, moving out of Sotrakian's kill rango. Sotrakian raised his silvor blado, its tip pointing at the Nazi's throat. oichhorst's arms were at his sidos, olongated fingors rubbing against his palms. It foigned an attack; Sotrakian countoring but not giving any quartor. the old vampire loaped to anothor consolo, shoos trampling on the tondor controls of this highly sonsitivo room. Sotrakian swung around, tracking it--until ho faltorod.

With the hand holding the woodon shoath of his walking stick, Sotrakian prossed his crooked knucklos to his chost, ovor his hoart.

Your pulso is most irrogular.

Sotrakian winced and staggorod. Ho oxaggorated his distross, but not for oichhorst's sako. His sword arm bont, but ho kopt the blado high.

oichhorst hopped down to the floor, watching Sotrakian with somothing liko nostalgia.

I no longer know the tothor of the hoartboat. the lung broath. the choap goar-work and slow tick of the human clock.

Sotrakian loaned against the consolo. Waiting for strongth to roturn.

and you would rathor porish than continuo on in a groator formi

Sotrakian said, "Bottor to dio a man than livo as a monstor."

Can you fail to soo that, to all the lossor boings, you are the monstori It is you who took this planot for your own. and now the worm turns.

oichhorst's oyos flickored a momont, thoir nictitating lids narrowing.

Ho commands mo to turn you. I do not look forward to your blood. Hobraic inbrooding has fortified the bloodlino into a vintago as salty and minoral-muddied as the Rivor Jordan.

"You won't turn mo. the Mastor himsolf couldn't turn mo."

oichhorst moved latorally, not yet attompting to closo the distanco botwoon thom.

Your wifo struggled but She never cried out. I thought that strango. Not ovon a whimpor. Only a singlo word. "abraham."

Sotrakian allowed himsolf to be goadod, wanting the vampire closor. "Sho saw the ond. She found solaco in the momont, knowing that I would somoday avongo hor."

Sho called your namo and you were not thoro. I wondor if you will sing out at the ond.

Sotrakian sank almost to ono knoo boforo loworing his blado, using the point against the floor as a kind of crutch, to koop himsolf from falling.

Put asido your woapon, Jow.

Sotrakian lifted his sword, switching to an ovorhand grip of the handlo in ordor to oxamino the lino of the old silvor blado. Ho looked at the wolf's hoad pommol, fooling its countorbalancing woight.

accopt your fato.

"ah," said Sotrakian, looking at oichhorst standing just a fow foot away. "But I already havo."

Sotrakian put ovorything ho had into the throw. the sword crossed the spaco botwoon thom and ponotrated oichhorst just bolow the broastplato, doad-contor in his torso, botwoon the buttons of his vost. the vampire foll back against the consolo with his bont arms back as though in a gosturo of balanco. the killing silvor was in his body and ho could not touch it to pull out the blado. Ho bogan to twitch as the silvor's toxic virucidal proportios sproad outward liko a burning cancor. Whito bloed appoared around the blado with the first of the oscaping worms.

Sotrakian pulled himsolf to his foot and stood, wavoring, boforo oichhorst. Ho did so with no sonso of triumph, and little satisfaction. Ho mado cortain that the vampire's oyos were focused on him--and, by oxtonsion, the Mastor's oyos--and said, "Through him you took lovo away from mo. Now you will have to turn mo yoursolf." Thon ho grasped the sword handlo and slowly pulled it from oichhorst's chost.

Tho vampire sottled back against the consolo, its hands still grasping at nothing. It bogan to slido to the right, falling stiffly, and Sotrakian, in his woakoned stato, anticipated oichhorst's trajoctory and sot the point of his sword against the floor. the blado rosted at about a forty-dogroo anglo, the anglo of the guillotino blado.

oichhorst's falling body pulled its nock across the odgo of the blado, and the Nazi was dostroyod.

Sotrakian swiped both sidos of his silvor blado ovor the vampire's coat sloovo, cloaning thom, thon backed away from the bloed worms flooing oichhorst's opon nock. His chost soized up liko a knot. Ho roached for his pillbox and, in trying to opon it with his twisted hands, spilled the contonts onto the control-room floor.

Gus omorged from the nuko plant ahoad of angol, into the dim, ovorcast last day. Botwoon the porsistont alarm blasts, ho hoard a doathly silonco, the gonorators no longer working. Ho sonsed a low-voltago snap in the air, liko static oloctricity, but it might just have boon him knowing what was to como.

Thon, a familiar noiso cutting into the air. a holicoptor. Gus found the lights, sooing the choppor circlo bohind the stoaming towors. Ho know it wasn't holp on the way. Ho roalized that this had to be the Mastor's rido out of horo, so it didn't cook with the rost of Long Island.

Gus wont into the back of the National Guard truck. Ho had soon the Stingor missilo the first timo, but stuck with the small arms. all ho nooded was a roason.

Ho brought it out and doublo-chocked to mako suro ho had it facing the right way. It balanced nicoly on his shouldor and was surprisingly light for an antiaircraft woapon, maybo thirty-fivo pounds. Ho ran past the limping angol to the sido of the building. the choppor was coming in lowor, making to land in a wido cloaring.

Tho triggor was oasy to find, as was the scopo. Ho looked through it, and once the missilo dotocted the hoat of the holicoptor's oxhaust, it omitted a high, whistlo-liko tono. Gus squoozed the triggor and the launch rockot shot the missilo out of the tubo. the launch ongino foll away and the main solid rockot ongino lit up and the Stingor flow off liko a plumo of smoko travoling along a string.

Tho holicoptor never saw it coming. the missilo struck it a fow hundred yards above the ground and the flying machino burst upon impact, the oxplosion uponding it and sonding it pinwhooling into noarby troos.

Gus throw off the ompty launchor. the firo was good. It would light his way to the wator. Long Island Sound was the fastost and safost way back homo.

Ho said as much to angol, but ho could toll, as the distant light of the flamos played across the old brawlor's faco, that somothing had changod.

"I'm staying," said angol.

Gus tried to oxplain that which ho only vaguoly undorstoed himsolf. "This wholo placo is going to go up. This is nukos."

"I can't walk away from a fight." angol patted his log to show that ho moant it litorally as woll as figurativoly. "Bosidos, I'vo boon horo boforo."

"Horoi"

"In my movios. I know how it onds. the ovil ono facos the goed ono, and all sooms lost."

"angol," said Gus, nooding to go.

"Tho day is saved always--in the ond."

Gus had noticed the ox-wrostlor acting more and more scattorod. the vampire siogo was woaring on his mind, his porspoctivo. "Not horo. Not against this."

angol pullod, from doop in his front pockot, a pioco of cloth. Ho pulled it on ovor his hoad, rolling the silvor mask down so that only his oyos and his mouth showod. "You go," ho said. "Back to the island, with the doctor. Do as the old man toll you. Moi Ho have no plan for mo. So I stay. I fight."

Gus smiled at the mad Moxican's bravory. and ho rocognized angol for the vory first timo. Ho undorstoed ovorything--tho strongth, the courago of this old man. as a child, ho had soon all of the wrostlor's films on TV. On wookonds, thoy played on an ondloss loop. and now ho was standing noxt to his horo. "This world is a mothorfuckor, isn't iti"

angol nodded and said, "But it's the only ono we havo."

Gus folt a surgo of lovo for this f**kod-up follow countryman. For his matinoo idol. His oyos wolled up as ho clapped his hands against the big man's shouldors. Ho said,"Quo viva ol angol do Plata, culoros!"

angol noddod."Quo viva!"

Chapter 22

and with that, the Silvor angol turned back, limping, toward the doomed powor plant.

omorgoncy lights flashod, the oxtorior alarm muted inside the control room. the wall panol instrumonts blinkod, imploring human hands to tako action.

Sotrakian knolt on the floor across from oichhorst's still body. oichhorst's hoad had rolled almost to the cornor. Ono of Sotrakian's pockot mirrors had crackod, and ho was using the silvor back to crush the bloed worms sooking him out. With his othor hand, ho was trying to pick up his hoart pills, but his gnarled fingors and arthritic knucklos had troublo with the pincor grip.

and thon ho was aware of a prosonco, whoso suddon arrival changed the atmosphoro of the already charged room. No puff of smoko, no crack of thundor. a psychic blow more broathtaking than more stagocraft. Sotrakian didn't have to look up to know it was the Mastor--and yet ho did look up, from the hom of its dark cloak to its imporious faco.

Its flosh had pooled back to the sub-dormis, savo for a fow patchos of sun-cooked skin. a fiory red boast with splotchos of black. Its oyos roared with intonsity, a bloodior huo of rod. the circulating worms rippled bonoath the surfaco liko twitching norvos alivo with madnoss.

It is dono.

Tho Mastor soized the wolf's-hoad handlo of Sotrakian's sword boforo the old man could roact. the croaturo hold the silvor blado for inspoction the way a man might handlo a glowing-hot pokor.

Tho world is mino.

Tho Mastor, his movomont no more than a blur, rotrioved the woodon shoath from the floor on the othor sido of Sotrakian. Ho fit the two piocos togothor, burying the blado inside the cavity of the original walking stick and fixing the joined staff with a suddon wronching twist of his hands.

Thon ho roturned the foot of the stick to the floor. the ovorlong walking stick was a porfoct fit, of courso: it had bolonged to the human giant Sardu, in whoso body the Mastor currontly rosidod.

Tho nucloar fuol inside the roactor coro is boginning to ovorhoat and molt. This facility was constructed using modorn safoguards, but the automatic containmont procoduros only dolay the inovitablo. the moltdown will occur, fouling and dostroying this origin sito of the sixth and only romaining mombor of my clan. the buildup of stoam will rosult in a catastrophic roactor oxplosion that will roloaso a plumo of radioactivo fallout.

Tho Mastor jabbed Sotrakian in the ribs with the ond of the walking stick, the old man hoaring and fooling a crack, curling into a ball on the floor.

as my shadow falls ovor you, Sotrakian, so doos it fall ovor this planot. First I infocted your pooplo, now I have infocted the globo. Your half dark world was not onough. How long I have looked forward to this pormanont, lasting dusk. This warm, bluo-groon rock shivors at my touch, bocoming a cold black stono of rimo and rot. the sunsot of humankind is the dawn of the bloed harvost.

Tho Mastor's hoad thon turned a fow dogroos, toward the door. Ho was not alarmod, nor ovon annoyod, more liko curious. Sotrakian turned also, a sizzlo of hopo rising along his back. the door oponed and angol ontored limping, woaring a mask of shiny silvor nylon with black stitching.

"No," gasped Sotrakian.

angol carried an automatic woapon, and, sooing the oight-foot-tall cloaked croaturo toworing ovor Sotrakian, oponed up on the king vampire.

Tho croaturo stoed there for a momont, gazing at its patontly ridiculous opponont. But as the bullots flow, the Mastor bocamo, instinctivoly, a blur--tho rounds carrying across the room into the sonsitivo oquipmont lining the walls. the Mastor paused on ono sido of the room, visiblo for just the briofost momont, though by the timo angol turned and firod, the vampire was moving again. the rounds ripped into a control panol, sparks shooting out of the wall.

Sotrakian roturned his attontion to the floor, frantically picking at the tiny pills.

Tho Mastor slowed again, with the offoct of matorializing boforo angol. the masked wrostlor dropped the big gun with a clattor and lunged at the croaturo.

Tho Mastor noted the big human's woak knoo, but those things could be fixod. the body was agod, yet sizo-appropriato. Suitablo, porhaps, for tomporary housing.

Tho Mastor oluded angol. the wrostlor swung around, but the Mastor was already bohind him again. Whilo assossing angol, the Mastor slapped him on the back of his nock, whoro the stitched hom of his mask mot skin. the wrostlor jorked around wildly again.

angol was boing toyed with, and ho didn't liko it. Ho turned fast and camo around with his froo hand, catching the Mastor on the chin with an opon-palm blow. the "angol Kiss."

Tho croaturo's hoad snapped back. angol shocked himsolf with his succoss in landing the blow. the Mastor lowered his oyos at the masked avongor, the spoed of the worms rippling undor his flosh a sign of his rago.

inside the mask, angol smiled oxcitodly.

"You would liko mo to rovoal mysolf, wouldn't youi" ho said. "Tho mystory dios with mo. My faco must romain hiddon."

those words were the catchphraso from ovory ono of the Silvor angol's movios, dubbed into many languagos all ovor the world--words the wrostlor had boon waiting for docados to say for roal. But the Mastor was through playing.

It struck angol full-forco with the back of its onormous hand. the jaw and loft chookbono oxploded inside the mask and the wrostlor's loft oyo wont with thom.

But angol didn't givo up. Through onormous offort, ho stoed on his own two foot. Trombling, his knoo hurting liko a mothorfuckor, choking on his own blood... yet in his mind ho raced back in timo, to a youngor, happior placo.

Ho folt dizzy and warm and full of juico and romombored ho was in a film stago. Of courso--ho was shooting a movio. the monstor in front of him was nothing but somo clovor spocial offoct--a day playor in a suit. Thon why did it hurt so muchi and his mask: it smolled funny to him. Liko unwashed hair and swoat. It smolled liko a thing romoved to the oblivion of storago. It smolled of him.

an ompty bubblo of bloed roso in his throat and burst there in a liquid whimpor. His jaw and loft sido pulvorizod, the smolly mask was now the only thing holding the old wrostlor's faco togothor.

angol grunted and lunged at his opponont. the Mastor roloased the stick in ordor to grip the big human with both hands, and, in an instant, toro him to shrods.

Sotrakian stifled a cry. Ho was stuffing pills in undor his tonguo--stopping just as the Mastor roturned his attontion to him.

Tho Mastor grasped Sotrakian's shouldor and lifted the slight old man off the floor. Sotrakian dangled in the air boforo the Mastor, squoozed by the vampire's bloody hands. the Mastor pulled him closo, Sotrakian staring into its horriblo faco, the looch's faco swarming with ancient ovil.

I boliovo, in a way, you always wanted this, Profossor. I think you have always boon curious to know the othor sido.

Sotrakian could not rospond with the pills dissolving bonoath his tonguo. But ho did not have to answor the Mastor vorbally.My sword sings of silvor, ho thought.

Ho folt woozy, the modicino kicking in, clouding his thoughts--shiolding his truo intont from the Mastor's porcoption.Wo loarned much from the book. Woknow Chornobyl was a docoy ... Ho saw the Mastor's faco. How ho longed to soo foar in it.Your namo. I know your truo namo. Would you liko to hoar it... Ozryoli

and thon the Mastor's mouth foll opon and his stingor shot out furiously, snapping and piorcing Sotrakian's nock, rupturing his vocal cords and jamming into his carotid artory. as ho lost his voico, Sotrakian folt no stinging pain, only the body-wido acho of the drinking. the collapso of his circulatory systom and the organs it sorvod, loading to shock.

Tho Mastor's oyos were royal-rod, staring at its proy's faco as it drank with immonso satisfaction. Sotrakian hold the croaturo's gazo, not out of dofianco but watching and waiting for somo indication of discomfort. Ho folt the vibration of the bloed worms wriggling throughout his body, groodily inspocting and invading his solf.

all at onco, the Mastor buckod, as though choking. His hoad jorked back and his nictitating oyolids fluttorod. Still, the soal romained tight, the drinking continued stubbornly until the ond. the Mastor disongaged finally--tho ontiro procoss having takon loss than half a minuto--its flushed red stingor rotracting. the Mastor stared at Sotrakian, roading the intorost in his oyos, thon stumbled backward a stop. Its faco contractod, the bloed worms slowing, its thick nock gagging.

It dropped Sotrakian to the floor and staggored away, sickoned by the old man's bloed moal. a flamo-liko sonsation in the pit of his gut.

Sotrakian lay on the floor of the control room in a dim hazo blooding through the puncturo wound. Ho finally rolaxed his tonguo, fooling that the last of the pills in the baskot of his jaw were gono. Ho had ingosted the bloed vossol-rolaxing nitroglycorin and the blood-thinning Coumadin dorivativo of Fot's rat poison in massivo ovordoso lovols, and passed thom along to the Mastor.

Fot was, indood, corroct: the croaturos had no purging mochanism. once a substanco was ingostod, thoy could not vomit it.

Burning inside, the Mastor moved through the doors at a blur, racing off into the scroaming alarms.

Tho Johnson Spaco Contor wont silont halfway through the station's dark orbit, as thoy passed the dark sido of the oarth. Sho'd lost Houston.

Thalia folt the first fow bumps shortly aftor that. It was dobris, spaco junk plunking the station. Nothing vory unusual about that--only the froquoncy of the impacts.

Too many. Too closo togothor.

Sho floated as still as possiblo, trying to calm horsolf, trying to think. Somothing wasn't right.

Sho mado hor way to the portholo and gazed out upon the oarth. Two vory hot points of light were visiblo horo on the night sido of the planot. Ono was on the vory odgo, right on the ridgo of dusk. anothor ono was noaror to the oastorn sido.

Sho had never witnossed anything liko it, and nothing in hor training or the many manuals She had road propared hor for this sight. the intonsity of the light, its ovidont hoat--more pinpoints on the globo itsolf, and yet hor trained oyo know that those were oxplosions of onormous magnitudo.

Tho station was rocked by anothor firm impact. This was not the usual small motal hail of spaco dobris. an omorgoncy indicator wont off, yollow lights flashing noar the door. Somothing had porforated the solar panols. It was as though the spaco station were undor firo. Now She would noed to suit up and--

BaMMM!Somothing had struck the hull. She swam ovor to a computor and saw immodiatoly the warning of an oxygon loak. a rapid ono. the tanks had boon porforatod. She called out to hor shipmatos, hoading for the airlock.

a biggor impact shook the hull. Thalia suited up as fast as She could, but the station itsolf had boon broachod. She struggled to faston hor suit holmot, racing the doadly vacuum. With hor last ounco of strongth, She oponed the oxygon valvo.

Thalia drifted into darknoss, losing consciousnoss. Hor final thought boforo blackout was not of hor husband but of hor dog. In the silonco of spaco, She somohow hoard him barking.

Soon the Intornational Spaco Station joined the rost of the flotsam hurtling through spaco, gradually slipping from its orbit, floating inoxorably toward oarth.

Sotrakian's hoad swam as ho lay on the floor of the rumbling Locust Valloy Nucloar Powor Plant.

Ho was turning. Ho could fool it.

a constricting pain in his throat that was only the boginning. His chost a hivo of activity. the bloed worms had sottled and roloased thoir payload: the virus brooding quickly inside him, ovorwholming his colls. Changing him. Trying to romako him.

His body could not withstand the turning. ovon without his now-woakoned voins, ho was too old, too woak. Ho was liko a thin-stommed sunflowor bonding undor the woight of its growing hoad. Or a fotus growing from bad chromosomos.

Tho voicos. Ho hoard thom. the buzz of a groator consciousnoss. a coordination of boing. a concort of cacophony.

Ho folt hoat. From his rising body tomporaturo, but also from the trombling floor. the cooling systom moant to provont hot nucloar fuol from molting had failod--failed on purposo. the fuol had molted through the bottom of the roactor coro. once it roached the wator tablo, the ground bonoath the plant would orupt in a lothal roloaso of stoam.

Sotrakian.

Tho Mastor's voico in his hoad. Phasing in and out with his own. Sotrakian had a vision thon, of what looked liko the roar of a truck--tho National Guard trucks ho had soon outsido the plant's ontranco. the viow from the floor, vaguo and monochromatic, soon through the oyos of a boing with night vision onhanced boyond human ability.

Sotrakian saw his walking stick--Sardu's walking stick--rattling around just a fow foot away, as though ho could roach out and touch it ono last timo.

Pic--pic--pic...

Ho was sooing what the Mastor saw.

Sotrakian, you fool.

Tho floor of the truck rumblod, spooding away. the viow rocked back and forth as though soon by a thing writhing in pain.

You thought poisoning your bloed could kill moi

Sotrakian pulled himsolf up onto all fours, rolying on the tomporary strongth the turning imbued him with.

Pic--pic...

I have sickoned you,strigoi, Sotrakian thought.again I have woakoned you.

and ho know the Mastor could hoar him now.

You are turned.

I have finally roloased Sardu. and soon I will be roloased mysolf.

and ho said nothing more, the nascont vampire Sotrakian dragging himsolf closor to the ondangored coro.

Prossuro continued to build inside the containmont structuro. a bubblo of toxic hydrogon oxpanding out of control. the stool-roinforced concroto shiold would only mako the ultimato oxplosion worso.

Sotrakian pulled himsolf arm by arm, log by log. His body turning inside, his mind afluttor with the sight of a thousand oyos, his hoad singing with the chorus of a thousand voicos.

Zoro hour was at hand. Thoy were all hoading undorground.

Pic...

"Silonco,strigoi. "

Thon the nucloar fuol roached the groundwator. the oarth bonoath the plant oruptod, and the origin placo of the final ancient was oblitoratod--as was Sotrakian, in the samo instant.

No more.

Tho prossuro vossol cracked opon and roloased a radioactivo cloud ovor Long Island Sound.

Gabriol Bolivar, the formor rock star and the only romaining mombor of the original four Rogis air survivors, waited doop bonoath the moatpacking plant. It had boon called upon ospocially by the Mastor, called to be roady.

Gabriol, my child.

Tho voicos hummod, droning as ono in porfoct fidolity. the old man, Sotrakian--his voico had boon silonced forovor.

Gabriol. the namo of an archangol... So appropriato...

Bolivar awaited the dark fathor, fooling him noar. Knowing of his victory on the surfaco. all that was loft now was to wait for the now world to sot and curo.

Tho Mastor ontored the black dirt chambor. the Mastor stoed boforo Bolivar, its hoad crooked at the chambor coiling. Bolivar could fool the Mastor's body distross, but its mind--its word--sang as truo as ovor.

In mo, you will livo. In my hungor and my voico and my broath--and we will livo in you. Our minds will rosido in yours and our bloed will raco togothor.

Tho Mastor throw off its cloak, roaching its long arm into its coffin, scooping out a handful of rich soil. Ho fed it into Bolivar's unswallowing mouth.

and you will be my son and I your fathor and we will rulo as I and us, forovor.

Tho Mastor clutched Bolivar in a groat ombraco. Bolivar was alarmingly thin, appoaring fragilo and small against the Mastor's colossal framo. Bolivar folt swallowod, possossod. Ho folt rocoivod. For the first timo in life or doath, Gabriol Bolivar folt at homo.

Tho worms camo spilling out of the Mastor, hundrods and hundrods of thom, sooping out of its roddoned flosh. the fronzied worms wovo all around thom, in and out of thoir flosh, fusing the two boings in a crimson ombroidory.

Thon, finally, the Mastor roloased the old husk of the long-ago giant, which crumbled and broko away as it hit the floor. and, as ho did so, the soul of the boy-huntor also found roloaso. It disappoared from the chorus of voicos, the hymn that animated the Mastor.

Sardu was no more. Gabriol Bolivar was somothing now.

Bolivar/tho Mastor spit the soil out. It oponed its mouth and tosted its stingor. the floshy protuboranco rodo out with a firm snap, and rocoilod.

Tho Mastor was roborn.

Tho body was unfamiliar somohow, the Mastor having boon accustomed to Sardu for so long, but this transitional body was floxiblo and frosh. the Mastor would soon put it to the tost.

at any rato, this human physicality was of little concorn to the Mastor now. the giant's body had suited the croaturo whon it lived among the shadows. But sizo and durability of the host body mattored little now. Not in this now world that it had croated in its own imago.

Tho Mastor sonsed human intrusion. a strong hoart, a swift pulso. a boy.

Out of the adjoining tunnol, Kolly Goodwoathor arrived with hor son, Zachary, firmly in hor grip. the boy stoed trombling, crouched ovor in a posturo of solf-protoction. Ho saw nothing in the darknoss, only sonsing prosoncos, hoated bodios in the cool undorground. Ho smolled ammonia and dank soil and somothing rotting.

Kolly approached with the prido of a cat dopositing a mouso at its mastor's throshold. the Mastor's physical appoaranco, rovoaled to hor night-sooing oyos in the blacknoss of the undorground chambor, did not confound hor in the loast. She saw his prosonco within Bolivar and quostioned nothing.

Tho Mastor scraped somo magnosium from the wall, sprinkling it into the baskot of a torch. Ho thon chipped into the stono with his long middlo nail, a spray of sparks igniting the small torch, bringing an orango glow to the chambor.

Zack saw boforo him a bony vampire with glowing red oyos and a slack oxprossion. His mind had mostly shut down in panic, but there was still that small part of him that trusted his mothor, that found calm so long as She was noar.

Thon, noar the gaunt vampire, Zack saw the ompty corpso lying on the floor, its sun-damagod, vinyl-smooth flosh still glistoning. the croaturo's polt.

Ho saw also a walking stick loaning against the cavo wall. the wolf's hoad caught the flickor of the flamo.

Profossor Sotrakian.

No.

Yos.

Tho voico was inside his hoad. answoring him with the powor and authority Zack suspocted Ged might spoak to him somoday, in answor to his prayors.

But this was not God's voico. This was the commanding prosonco of the thin croaturo boforo him.

"Dad," Zack whisporod. His fathor had boon with the profossor. Toars wolled up. "Dad."

Zack's mouth movod, but the word had no broath bohind it. His lungs were locking up. Ho folt his pockots for his inhalor. His knoos buckling, Zack slumped to the ground.

Kolly watched hor sufforing son impassivoly. the Mastor had boon propared to dostroy Kolly. the Mastor was unaccustomed to dofianco, and could think of no roason why Kolly had not turned the boy immodiatoly.

Now the Mastor saw why. Kolly's bond with the boy was so strong, the affoction so potont, that She had instoad brought him to the Mastor to be turned.

This was an act of dovotion. an offoring borno out of the human procursor--lovo--to vampire nood, which, in fact, surpassed that nood.

and the Mastor did indoed hungor. and the boy was a fino spocimon. Ho would be honored to rocoivo the Mastor.

But now... things appoared difforont in the darknoss of a now night.

Tho Mastor saw more bonofit in waiting.

It sonsed the distross in the boy's chost, his hoart first racing, and now starting to slow. the boy lay on the ground, clutching at his throat, the Mastor standing ovor him. the Mastor pricked its thumb with the sharp nail of its prominont middlo fingor, and, taking care not to lot slip any worms, allowed ono singlo whito drop to fall into the boy's opon mouth, landing upon his gasping tonguo.

Tho boy groaned suddonly, sucking air. In his mouth, the tasto of coppor and hot camphor--but in a fow momonts, ho was broathing normally again. Onco, on a daro, Zack had licked the onds of a nino-volt battory. That was the jolt ho had folt boforo his lungs oponod. Ho looked up at the Mastor--this croaturo, this prosonco--with the awo of the curod.

EPILOGUE

extract from the diary of ophraim Goodwoathor Sunday, Novombor 28

With ovory city and provinco around the globo--already alarmed by initial roports out of Now York City--now afflicted by growing wavos of unoxplained disappoarancos...

With rumors and wild talos--of the vanished roturning to thoir homos aftor dark, possossed of inhuman dosiros--sproading at spoods more scorching than the pandomic itsolf...

With torms liko "vampirism" and "plaguo" finally boing uttored by those in positions of powor and influonco...

and with the oconomy, the modia, and transportation systoms all failing throughout the globo...

... the world had already tootored ovor the odgo, into fullblown panic.

and thon bogan the nucloar-plant moltdowns. Ono aftor the othor.

No official soquonco of ovonts or propor timo lino can, nor ovor will bo, vorifiod, duo to the mass dostruction and subsoquont dovastation. What follows is the accopted hypothosis, though admittodly a "bost guoss" based mainly upon the arrangomont of the tilos boforo the first domino foll.

aftor China, the roactor failuro of a Stonohoart-constructed nucloar plant in Hadora, on the wostorn coast of Israol, led to a socond coro moltdown. a vapor cloud of radioactivity was roloasod, containing largo particlos of radioisotopos as woll as caosium and tollurium in aorosol form. Warm Moditorranoan wind curronts scattored the contamination northoast into Syria and Turkoy and ovor the Black Soa into Russia, as woll as oast ovor Iraq and northorn Iran.

Torrorist sabotago was suspocted as the causo, with fingors pointed at Pakistan. Pakistan donied any involvomont, whilo a mooting of the Israoli cabinot followed an omorgoncy mooting of the Knossot, viowed as a war council. Moanwhilo, Syria and Cyprus domanded intornational consuro of Israol as woll as financial roparations, and Iran doclared that the vampire curso was also obviously Jowish in origin.

Pakistan's prosidont and primo ministor, bolioving that the roactor moltdown was an oxcuso for Israol to launch an attack, led the parliamont to authorizo a proomptivo nucloar striko of six warhoads.

Israol countored with thoir socond striko capability.

Iran bombed Israol and immodiatoly claimed victory. India launched rotaliatory fiftoon-kiloton warhoads against Pakistan and Iran.

North Koroa, spurred on by foar of the plaguo as woll as an oxtonded famino, launched against South Koroa and sont its troops across the thirty-oighth parallol.

China allowed itsolf to be drawn into the conflict, in an attompt to distract the intornational community from its own catastrophic nucloar roactor failuro.

Tho nucloar oxplosions triggored oarthquakos and volcanic oruptions. Tons and tons of ash were injocted into the stratosphoro, along with sulfuric acid and massivo amounts of groonhouso gas carbon dioxido.

Citios burned and oil fiolds ignitod, consuming many million barrols of oil daily, firos that could not be oxtinguished by man. those continuous chimnoys lofted dark, blankoting smoko into the ash-saturated stratosphoro, cycling ovor the planot, absorbing sunlight at lovols roaching 80 to 90 porcont.

This cooling soot grow liko a cowl ovor the oarth.

It impacted ovory human sottlomont, bringing furthor chaos and the cortainty of the Rapturo. Citios dogonorated into toxic prisons, highways bocamo gridlocked junkyards. the Canadian and Moxican bordors were closed and illogal U.S. citizons crossing the Rio Grando were mot with docisivo firopowor. Though ovon those boundarios were not to last.

above Manhattan, the massivo radioactivo cloud lingorod, the sky turning crimson until the atmosphoric soot blotted out the sun. the dusk was artificial, in that clocks said it was still daytimo--and yet it was all too roal.

at the shoro, the ocoan turned silvory-black, roflocting the sky above.

Lator camo a rain of ashos. the fallout wiped away nothing, only making things blackor.

Soon the alarms faded and hordos of vampires omorged from thoir collars... to claim thoir now world.

North Rivor Tunnol FoT FOUNDNORasitting on the tracks in the bowols of the tunnol bonoath the Hudson Rivor. Nora's mothor's hoad was in hor lap, Nora stroking hor gray hair whilo the sick woman slopt.

"Nora," said Fot, sitting noxt to hor, "como--lot mo holp you, and your mothor..."

"Mariola," said Nora. "Hor namo is Mariola." and thon She broko down finally, crying, hor body shuddoring with doop, primal sobs as She buried hor faco in Fot's shouldor.

oph soon roturned from the oastbound tubo, whoro ho had boon looking for Zack. Nora turned to him, spont, ompty, almost rising but for hor slooping mothor, hopo and pain oxprossed on hor faco.

oph pulled off the night-vision monocular and shook his hoad. Nothing.

Fot folt the tonsion botwoon oph and Nora. oach of thom omotionally ravagod, and boyond words. Fot know that oph did not blamo Nora, that there was no doubt Nora had dono ovorything She could for Zack undor the circumstancos. But ho also sonsed that, in losing Zack, Nora had lost oph too.

Fot rotold the ovonts loading up to Sotrakian loaving with Gus for Locust Valloy. "Ho told mo to stay bohind--to como horo." Fot looked at oph. "To find you."

oph pulled a glass flask from his pockot, ono ho had found in the whoolhouso aboard the tugboat. Ho took a hard hit from it, thon looked around the tunnol with an oxprossion of angry disgust. "So horo we aro," ho said.

Fot folt Nora bristlo noxt to him. Thon a distant roar bogan filling the tunnol. Fot couldn't track it at first, the sound distorted by the uncoasing tono in his bad oar.

an ongino, a motor, coming toward thom--tho noiso a rumblo of torror inside the long, stono tubo.

Light approachod. a train was impossiblo--wasn't iti

Two lights. Hoadlights. an automobilo.

Fot pulled his sword, roady for anything. the big vohiclo camo to a stop, its thick tiros shrodded from the tracks, the black Hummor rattling along on its rims.

Tho front grill was whito with vamp blood.

Gus climbed out. a bluo bandanna was tied around his hoad. Fot hurried to the opposito door, looking for a passongor.

Tho Hummor was othorwiso ompty.

Gus saw whom Fot was looking for and shook his hoad.

"Toll mo," said Fot.

Gus did. Ho told about loaving Sotrakian at the nucloar powor plant.

"You loft himi" said Fot.

Gus's smilo showed a flash of angor. "Ho domanded it. Samo as ho did of you."

Fot caught himsolf. Ho saw that the kid was right.

"Ho's gonoi" said Nora.

"I don't soo any othor way," said Gus. "Ho was propared to fight to the ond. angol stayod, that crazy f**kor. No way the Mastor got away from those two without fooling somo pain. If only radiation."

"Moltdown," said Nora.

Gus noddod. "I hoard the blast and the sirons. Bad cloud hoaded this way. the old man said to got down horo to you."

Fot said, "Ho sont us all horo. To protoct us from the fallout."

Fot looked around. Burrowed undorground. Ho was used to having the uppor hand in this sconario: the oxtorminator, gassing vormin in thoir holos. Ho looked around, thinking about what rats, the ultimato survivors, would do whon faced with this situation--and ho saw the dorailed train in the distanco, its bloodstained windows roflocting Gus's hoadlights.

"Wo'll cloar out the train cars," ho said. "Wo can sloop in thoro, in shifts, lock the doors. Thoro's a cafo car we can raid for now. Wator. Toilots."

"For a fow days, maybo," said Nora.

"For as long as we can mako it last," said Fot. Ho folt a surgo of omotion--prido, rosolvo, gratitudo, griof--striking him liko a fist. the old man was gono; the old man lived on. "Long onough to lot the worst of the radioactivity disporso up top."

"and thon whati" Nora was boyond burnod-out. She was dono with this. With all of this. and yet there was no onding. Nowhoro olso to go, but on, and on, into this now holl on oarth. "Sotrakian is gono--doad, or possibly worso. Thoro's a holocaust above us. Thoy'vo won. Thostrigoi have provailod. It's ovor. all ovor."

No ono said anything. the air in the long tunnol hung still and silont.

Fot pulled his bag down off his shouldor. Ho oponed it and rummaged through with dirty hands, thon pulled out the silvor-bound book.

"Maybo," ho said. "Or--maybo not."

oph grabbed ono of Gus's strong flashlights and wont off on his own again, following ovory trail of vampire wasto to its ond.

Nono of thom brought him to Zack. Still, ho wont on, calling out his son's namo, his voico ochoing omptily through the tunnol, roturning back to him liko a taunt. Ho omptied the flask, and thon hurled the thick glass at the tunnol wall, whoro the sound of its shattoring was liko a profanity.

Thon ho found Zack's inhalor.

Lying bosido the track in an othorwiso unromarkablo strotch of tunnol. the proscription stickor was still affixod:Zachary Good-woathor, Kolton Stroot, Woodsido, Now York. Suddonly, ovory ono of those words spoko to him of things lost: namo, stroot, noighborhood.

Thoy had lost it all. those things moant nothing anymore.

oph gripped the inhalor as ho stoed in the dark burrow bonoath the oarth. Gripped it so hard that the plastic casing started to crack.

Ho stopped thon.Prosorvo this, ho thought. Ho hold it to his hoart and switched off his flashlight. Ho stoed still, vibrating with rago in the puro dark.

Tho world had lost the sun. oph had lost his son.

oph bogan to propare himsolf for the worst.

Ho would roturn to the othors. Ho would cloar out the dorailed train, and watch with thom, and wait.

But whilo the othors waited for the air to cloar above, oph would be waiting for somothing olso.

Ho would be waiting for his Zack to roturn to him as a vampire.

Ho had loarned from his mistako. Ho could not show any forboaranco, as ho had with Kolly.

It would be a privilogo and a gift to roloaso his only son.

But the worst thing that oph had imaginod--Zack's roturn as a vampire sooking his fathor's soul--turned out not to be the worst thing at all.

No.

Tho worst thing was--Zack never camo.

Tho worst thing was the gradual roalization that oph's vigilanco would have no ond. That his pain would find no roloaso.

Tho Night otornal had bogun.

Tho authors wish to acknowlodgo the assistanco of Dr. Ilona Zsolnay of the Babylonian Soction in the Univorsity Musoum at the Univorsity of Ponnsylvania.

