Mixed Bag
(Complete collection)
Shannon Le'Vin
Copyright Shannon Le'Vin 2011
Smashwords Edition

Story 1
Bimbo

He was up to something. It was obvious. Sneaky. That's how he was behaving, dead sneaky. You think you know somebody, then they start doing strange things. Out of character things. And he was definitely up to something. When you've been married for a few years, you can tell. And men, well, so bloody obvious, aren't they? And this husband of mine must think I'm stupid if he doesn't think I can tell. It's been going on for a while. A couple of weeks, at least. Coming home late from the office, that sort of thing.
He would say things like, “Sorry love. Got a lot of work on.” And then going out on his own in the evenings, with some lame excuse or other. “Gotta see a mate of mine about something. What? Oh, nothing important. Just bloke stuff. You know who I mean. Charlie Pike. Anyway, I won't be long.” And off he goes.
Well, he's not usually one for going out much, that one. Terminal boredom he'll die of, I used to tell him. Now it looks as if he's taken me a bit too literally. Found himself a bit of excitement. A little bit of “fresh”. Some bimbo from the office, I expect. Young enough to be his daughter, with enough Max Factor on her face to camouflage an army. I bet she has legs up to her armpits, with enough bleach on her hair to do a months housework, not that she'd know anything about housework.
He came home late again, tonight. He ate his dinner, all dried up and whose fault was that, then when I was washing up, you would think he'd offer now and then, wouldn't you, and then he's on the phone in the hall to somebody. I'd gone into the dining room to collect the coffee cups, and I could hear whispering. That got me suspicious. His voice was low and quiet, not like a normal conversation at all. So I hide behind the door, where he couldn't see me, but I could hear him.
“Yeah, gorgeous. So beautiful. Perfect. Just what I'm looking for. I'll see you tonight, if I can get away,” he said.
I hear him put the phone down, so I dash back in the kitchen. I was up to my elbows in suds, when he came in.
“I gotta go out for a bit. Charlie bloody Pike, the pest. I don't want to go, but I said I would.”
Then the sod kisses me. A horrid little kiss on the cheek. The sort of kiss you give a wife up to her elbows in washing up. Definitely not the sort of kiss you give to a leggy, dyed blonde bimbo. I hear the front door shutting, and off he trots. I don't hear the car starting up, so it must be in walking distance. Right!
Quick as a flash, I run to the bedroom, and open the wardrobe. Just the thing, tucked away at the back. A long  black gaberdine coat, worn only twice in the last ten years. It makes me look like a bag of washing. I hate it. Hat. One of his. Leather. Somebody told him he looks just like one of  The Village People in it. He hates it. You know? I think it suits me. That'll have to do. At least he'll never recognise me in it. I'll have to hurry, or I'll lose him. I see myself in the mirror. What do I look like? Humphrey Bogart on a bad day.
It's dark outside, but I catch a glimpse of him as he turns the corner. Wickstead Street. I'm practically running, damn, I still have my slippers on. I have my hands in my coat pocket as I hurry along, feeling completely ridiculous. The hat falls off, lands in a puddle, I grab it, shake it and jamb it on my head, muddy water dripping all over my face. My hair's all over the place, so I poke it all back under the hat. Dyed blonde hair. Okay. I know what I said about the bimbo; all bleach and no brains, but my hair usually looks okay, thank you very much. It certainly cost enough, but with my birthday coming up, I'd thought, what the hell?. I wanted to look nice, not that he'd care. I'm thirty seven. He's had the best years of my life and he goes messing about with some bimbo; some brazen hussy.
I'm walking fast and I collide with some man and his bloody dog, coming round the bend on Wickstead Street. My feet get tangled up in the dog lead, and I go flying. That'll bruise. The dog's snapping and yapping at me, all teeth and no brains, and the poor bloke is trying his best to stop it from chewing on my ankle. The lead is one of those extendible ones, and as he tries to unravel me, and the idiot goes the wrong way with it. Now I'm trussed up like a turkey. If the dirty old bugger touches my legs one more time, I'll kick his nuts where the sun don't shine. I get free, and with both man and dog yapping angrily at me, I'm in hot pursuit again.
I see my husband, heading for Victoria Avenue. Where the hell is he going? It can't be much further, otherwise he would have taken the car, lazy sod that he is. Is he off to the Rutland Arms? He likes the beer in there, I do know that. He's at the crossing, and he's waiting for the lights to change, and then he walks over. Coal Street. Right. Not the Rutland, then. Hell, he nearly saw me then, and I dive for cover in a shop doorway. Some detective I'd be. He's off again. The lights change as I step off the pavement and this spotty moron nearly runs me down. His face looks like a pizza, complete with anchovies, and he's mouthing something obscene at me. The rear of his car is actually bouncing up and down with the racket from the speakers, so at least I can't hear what he's saying. I give him the finger and hurry on.
Two more streets. I have never known him walk this far before. You would think he'd conserve his strength for the bimbo. God knows he'll need it. Pathetic in bed he is, always was. If he was a cup of coffee, he'd be instant, if you know what I mean. I really can't imagine why a young thing would want to bother with him. Come to think about it, I don't know why I  bother with him.
Wait. He's stopped. Some grubby little apartment, by the look of it. The front door's opening. Damn. I can't see what she looks like. Too dark. It could have been anybody. If I go round the side, I might be able to see in a window. I'm not tall enough. This place is a right old rubbish tip. If I stand on this pile of old beer crates, I might just be able to see inside. There's a gap in the curtains. What a horrid colour that wallpaper is. No taste, some people. I can't quite see them. Tiptoes and I might just find out what the hell is going on.
Oh, God. I don't believe it, I really don't. That bloody idiot. Damn, I'm falling. Ouch! That hurt. My knee, my bum, my head. They heard me; I can hear them coming. My knee's killing me, but I have to get home, fast. Back along Victoria Avenue, It's him again. That spotty moron with a volcanic irruption where his face should be, and speakers in the back the size of small mountains. He's seen me, his vile mouth yelling something out the window. I'd yell back, but he must be stone deaf from all that noise. I give him the finger with both hands.
Wickstead Street. I'm sure my leg's seizing up. Is that husband of mine following me? I can't see him. Back home at last. I'm exhausted and black and blue. What a night. My knee, head and backside are fighting it out to inflict the most punishment on me. I'll run a bath and soak away the pain. Ooh, lovely. Bloody wonderful. Some of that bubble stuff. Nice. Was that the front door? Did he see me, like an idiot pirouetting on top of a pile of beer crates, spying on him? Spying on them. Beautiful, true. Gorgeous, definitely. Big brown eyes, small and irresistible. And there's nothing I can do about it. Just pretend that there's nothing going on. I'll lie here, close my eyes and let the aches and pains soak away.
If he comes in here and tells me he saw me, shall I just deny it? No choice. I'm not going to admit I followed him tonight and found out his secret. He'll tell me soon enough. He'll come home and confess everything. And then what will I do? I'll just say thank you for the most beautiful little puppy dog I have ever seen, my thirty seventh birthday present from the most wonderful husband in the world. I think I'll name her Bimbo.

Story 2
The Ugly

It was perfectly hideous. The monstrosity was the ugliest thing Julius Jennings had seen in all of his sixty two years. Huge pointy ears, a bulbous, wart infested crooked nose, lips like bicycle tyres, protruding yellow teeth that were as sharp as needles. Its eyes were bulging white orbs, with tiny red pupils, that dominated a no-neck head that had the appearance of being hammered onto its pot-bellied body. Two short arms wrapped around its flabby chest and twisted fingers gripped stubby toes from its legless undercarriage. It was an earthy red and was heavy enough to have been carved out of some ancient cannonball.
“It's really beautiful,” said Julius. The sweet bearer of the 'gift' stared up at him with big shining brown eyes and he didn't want to hurt her feelings.
“You mean it, Granddad?” said the beaming six year old girl.
“Did you choose it yourself?” asked Julius, doubtfully.
“Yeah. But Mommy helped a bit. She said you'd pre-she-ate it.”
“I bet she did. Well. I think this is the best birthday present I ever had. I'll have to find a special place for it, won't I?”
The only place she wanted to put it was in the rubbish bin outside. The very idea of having to share his home with the horrid thing appalled him. Surely it couldn't have been made there in New Zealand?
“I gotta go now, Granddad. Mommy's waiting in the car.”
Julius watched Tara skip down the path, then he heard the car drive away. He could imagine his daughter, Elaine, laughing all the way home.
Two weeks later, The Ugly, for that's what Julius called it, had been given to the young woman collecting for the church fund-raising fête. She had given him a strange look as he handed it over, but graciously accepted it and said thank you, and took it anyway.
Reverend Thomas had placed it on one of the trestle tables, hoping it wouldn't collapse under the weight. He wiped his hands on his trousers, as if holding what was obviously a pagan idol, would curse him forever.
“What on Earth is it, John?” asked his wife, Elizabeth. She had her arms full of home-made scones wrapped up in cling film.
“Not something I wish to speculate about.”
“Do you think anybody will actually buy it?”
Reverend Thomas shrugged and moved as far away as he could.
Much to Mrs Thomas's amazement, The Ugly was sold quickly to a young man who gave two dollars for it, hinting it would make a suitable gift for somebody he wasn't fond of. The Ugly was placed in a bag, carefully so as not to have it fall out the bottom, and the young man, still chuckling, left the church hall.
“I believe it's an antique,” he assured his aunt. “Probably quite valuable.”
Aunt Rosemary didn't know what to say. This was the first gift she had ever received from the obnoxious twerp she was unfortunately related to. The look on his face, however, was an expression of affection that passed as genuine but then looking at The Ugly, she doubted his sincerity.
“Thank you, Peter. Would you care for some tea?” she asked, hoping he would say no. She had no desire for him to be in her home any longer than necessary.
“Sorry. I have to get going. When I saw this cute little fellow, I thought of you right away. I couldn't resist buying it for you. I have to run along. Bye for now.”
She was still holding the blessed thing when Peter had long gone. She looked about her immaculate home, with the Capo Demonte and cut crystal, and knew it had no place there. It would be completely incongruous and what's more, that was exactly why her nephew had bought it her, unpleasant little creep that he was. It just had to go.
Doris Harper, lifelong friend of fifty years, was virtually blind. On her seventieth birthday, she became custodian of The Ugly. Although she couldn't see the thing, she could feel it with her sensitive fingers. Doris was as repulsed by it as much as any sighted person would be. But she smiled pleasantly at Rosemary and thanked her profusely. As the weeks rolled by, Doris tried to ignore the abomination. For once, she was almost thankful for her blindness, but she knew it sat there, staring at her through its awful eyes. She also knew she'd been given it, because she couldn't see it.
“Somebody should throw you in the nearest lake,” she said to The Ugly. “But I suppose it isn't your fault. You didn't ask to be made, did you?”
When you start talking to inanimate objects, It's a bit of a worry. Which is precisely why The Ugly ended up in an antique shop. The ten dollars she'd been given for it was largely immaterial. It was out of her home, and that's all that mattered. Fredrick Fyle of Ranken Fyle Antiques, had been busy that morning, filling a tea chest with a load of “unsellables” for his partner, Paul Ranken. They often exchanged items between New Zealand and Australia, with a view to offload them, somewhere or other. 
As soon as Doris had left the shop, her white cane tapping the ground in front of her, Fredrick dropped The Ugly into the chest, and hammered the top down banging in far more tacks than usual, just in case the thing tried to escape.
“Thanks, mate,” said Paul Ranken as he emptied the tea chest in his shop in Sydney “Any old crap you're sending me these days.”
The Ugly was placed on a shelf with a display consisting of 'ethnic' artefacts. He wrote out a price card with a black felt-tipped pen, putting down fifty dollars. Then in a moment of inspiration, he put another naught on the end. “What the hell.”
The tourist who entered the shop shortly afterwords was obviously American. An oldish man, and one who reeked of money. He seemed particularly interested in The Ugly.
“I see you are a man of taste, sir,” fawned Ranken, “And one who can spot a bargain when he sees one.”
“How old is...it?”
“Hmm. Difficult. But pretty ancient, I should say. It should really be in a museum.”
The American stared at the thing, his gold ring festooned fingers drumming the counter top. 'What's your best price for it?”
“Oh, really, sir. I'm robbing myself at five hundred....”
“Three hundred,” said sir.
“Done.”
Which is exactly what sir's wife had said he had been, when he finally got the piece to his home in New York. “Haven't we enough junk? She demanded.
“Well, the man in the shop said....”
“Arthur. Just stop pretending you know anything about antiques and stop buying junk like this. And another thing. I hope you don't intend to tell me it's a present for me. You did bring me something nice from your business trip? Arthur....?”
It was one week later, Arthur stood before all forty eight of his company's employees when he announced, “...and without further ado, it gives me great pleasure to present the employer of the year award of five thousand dollars and this priceless antique, to Alexander Northgate.”
Sandra Northgate was seriously concerned about her husbands future prospects with the company. Surely The Ugly wasn't something given to a valued employee? Then again, it did have five thousand dollars to go with it. When her husband proudly handed over the cheque and then cautiously gave her the thing, she didn't know what to say.
“Are you sure the old fart said priceless and not worthless?”
“What should I have said? Stick it up your....”
“Alex. Language.”
Sandra Northgate was certain The Ugly had no place in her home. She considered burying it in her back garden, but was sure she would be always haunted by its close proximity. After due deliberation, she decided on a plan of action. That evening, with The Ugly safely incarcerated in the trunk of her car, she set off with a fixed and determined expression. Parking just before the river on the outskirts of the city she picked up The Ugly and carried it to the middle of the bridge. With a quick glance to make sure she wasn't being watched, she dropped it into the river.
This was at the exact moment that the Mud Lark, an old tug boat, chanced to be chugging its way under the bridge. Instead of a splash, there was an almighty crash as the weighty Ugly smashed through the deck, missing the deckhands head by a whisker, landing on the the huge belly of the skipper, Billy Lark, who had been sleeping off the effects of half a bottle of whiskey. Bouncing off Billy's belly as if it were a trampoline, it landed on the cabin floor with one hell of a bang.
With the ensuing screams still ringing in her ears, and quite convinced she had committed grievous bodily harm if not actual murder, Sandra Northgate ran for her car and raced for home.
Billy Lark, who suffered no more than a bruise on his well padded stomach and a near heart attack from the shock, stared up from his bunk at the hole in his roof and saw the deckhand staring back at him. The skipper was still screaming blue murder all the way to the docks, the deckhand wisely making himself scarce in the engine room.
Sally Lark, Billy's long suffering wife of forty years, was not at all impressed with The Ugly. It had more than a passing resemblance to her fat husband and it had to go. Two Ugly's in her home was far too many, in her opinion, With this final insult, Billy did the only sensible thing he could think of, and with the thing tucked under his arm, he made his way to Rick's Bar. It took him an hour, but he finally managed to lose the little horror in a poker game. Archie Morris would rather have had the cash, but with Billy being twice his size and having a temper, he decided it was prudent not to argue.
Staggering solemnly out of the bar, Archie found the weight of his poker winnings too much for his puny muscles and accidentally dropped it onto the tarmac, creating an impressive pothole, and then he rolled it along the gutter with his foot. Archie's wife was as impressed as Mrs Lark had been, particularly as it now had a liberal coating of mud and dog mess. Archie was forced to sleep on the settee as punishment for being both drunk and stupid.
Fortunately for Archie, his wife had mellowed by morning, but still insisted The Ugly had to go. She didn't care where, as long as it was out of her house immediately. She stared at it, and decided that America wasn't going to be burdened with it at all. She was far too patriotic for that. It was eccentric enough to belong in England. Her friend in London was getting married, and she had been at a loss for a suitable wedding present. Explaining in a letter that this artefact was an ancient fertility symbol, and guaranteed to bring them luck, she carefully cleaned it and sent it off.
At the wedding reception, the bride carefully covered The Ugly with other presents on the table, not wishing to reveal to the world that they had friends so lacking in taste as to give them something so disgusting.
“Well, she's your friend, love,” said the groom. “She might be offended if she thought we didn't appreciate it.”
“She's not here, so I don't care,” replied the bride. “Besides. I'm the one who should be offended.”
“What are you going to do with it?”
The bride grinned. “I'll send it to Uncle Julius in New Zealand for Christmas.”
“I thought you didn't like him.”
She smiled, wickedly. “I don't.”

Story 3
Tin Man
“If you knew how much he cost to make, Hannah, You'd think of a better name for him than Tin Man.”
My brother wasn't going to tell me how much the thing had cost to produce, but I was sure the figure had a lot of noughts on the end.
“Jack. It isn't that I don't appreciate it, I do...very much, but...”
“But what?” Jack demanded, screwing up his face in the same way he used to do when we were little kids.
I almost burst out laughing at the juvenile expression on his forty eight year old face. 
“Well, I'm just not sure I want him around the place, that's all.' I replied. trying not to sound ungrateful. “I mean, what does he do, exactly?”
With a sigh, Jack tried to explain. “Just about anything you ask of him. Give him a command and he will comply with it.”
“Anything?” I said, with a mischievous grin.
“For Heaven's sake, Hannah. I have given you one of the most expensive presents a brother can give a sister and you bring it all down to such a base level. Have you any idea how sophisticated he is?”
“If he is such a costly marvel, how come you're giving him to me?”
Tin Man may well have cost Jack's electronics company millions to develop, but all I could see was a rather comical looking mechanical device. It stood one meter tall and consisted of several spheres of different sizes, all inter-connected with linkages and appendages. It stood with the aid of two discs the size of dinner plates. The tops of his legs disappeared into a squat looking body, from which arms, each made from three spheres sprouted. The arms had hands with three long tapered fingers almost reaching the floor. The head was another shiny ball with a translucent black face. Red lights shone behind the mask, placed probably more for aesthetic reasons than practical ones, roughly where the eyes and mouth should be. There was nothing menacing about the little guy; just a sense of the ridiculous.
“Strange as this may seem, I actually thought you might appreciate him. XP1-99 didn't quite make the grade for the military, but I thought it a shame to break him down again.”
“XP1-99?” I said. “And you don't like the name I gave him.”
Jack gave Tin Man a pat on the head. “Besides. Don't you think he's kinda cute?”
There was something of a lost puppy look about the thing. Just him standing there made you want to stroke him and say “Good boy.”
“Look, Sis. Just keep him for a while and see how you get along. If he isn't any use to you, I will have him back and use him for spares. How's that sound?”
“Okay. I'll try him out and let you know by Friday.”
“Good. Now, I have left you a copy of the instructions on how to use him. Just plug him into the wall socket each day to re-charge him. About an hour should do it. Oh. One last thing.”
“Yes, Jack?”
“Make sure the instructions you give him are simple and clear. Anything ambiguous might confuse him. Start with easy things, like dusting and taking out the trash.”
“I can do that,” I assured him.
“Are you sure?'
“Yes. Now go. I'll see you Friday night, at my birthday party.”
Jack looked at Tin Man, and then at me. He seemed to hesitate for a moment, then he said, “I do worry about you being on your own. You should get out more and meet somebody.”
“I'm still not ready for a new relationship yet,” I said, not being entirely honest with either him or myself.
Jack shook his head and sighed, and then he was gone.
I tried to ignore Tin Man for a while, but every time I passed him by, I couldn't help but stare at him. Apart from his black face mask, he was a rather nice shade of light blue. He looked nothing like the Tin Man in the wizard of Oz and I'm sure whatever he was made of, cost a great deal more than tin. I decided to give it a go.
“Walk forward.”
Tin Man began to walk slowly across the room. He was getting perilously close to a small table with a very expensive vase on it.
“Turn left,” I ordered.
Instantly, my new toy turned left.
“Stop.”
Tin Man stopped.
“Come here.”
Tin Man turned and obviously avoiding anything in his way, started walking towards me. When he was just one metre away from me, he stopped without a command. He didn't move at all, but stood waiting patiently.
“Well done, Tin Man,” I said. I wondered what I should have him do next. Could he make me a coffee? Jack had said he was pre-programmed to do many domestic chores, but he required some education from me. “The kitchen is to your right. Go to the kitchen.”
Tin Man turned and walked into the kitchen and stopped. I followed him in.
“Right. Watch me and learn,” I said. “This is a coffee percolator. It is used to make coffee.” I demonstrated the noble art of coffee making, naming each utensil I handled. When I finished, I said, “Make me coffee.” Then I stood back and Tin Man proceeded to do what I had just done. And the result was a coffee just the way I like it. Strong, not too much milk, and one spoon of sugar.
“Well done. Follow me.”
I returned to the lounge and sat down in my favourite armchair. Tin Man followed me with the coffee cup on a saucer and he reached me without spilling a drop. At my command, he passed the coffee to me. I thanked him, not that I needed to, but it just seemed the right thing to do. The evening passed uneventfully, with me giving Tin Man odd, though often unnecessary tasks to perform, which he did so uncomplainingly and without hesitation.
I spoke to him as I would a faithful servant and he responded well. I asked him to run a bath for me, then before I got in, I plugged him in to recharge. I wallowed in the bubbles for nearly an hour, thinking how lucky I was with my life and how fortunate I was to have such a generous brother. I wrapped myself up in a white, soft cotton robe before entering the lounge. I knew it was ridiculous, but I would have been uncomfortable for Tin Man to see me naked. I unplugged him, and gave him instructions to wake me at seven a. m. and to bring me breakfast in bed. Why not? I thought. I got into bed, than I remembered I had left the book I was reading, in the bathroom. I was about to get it, when I decided to get Tin Man to fetch it for me. Off he went  and came right back with it.
“I could get used to this,” I told him.
I settled back into my soft pillows and read my book. I was beginning to feel secure, with him standing by the door. I am sure that although he was just one metre tall, he could have effortlessly dispatched any intruder in a flash. I was beginning to feel drowsy. I had read the same paragraph three times and it still hadn't registered. I closed the book and looked at the young couple on the cover of that sloppy romance novel. Then I looked over at Tin Man. I was tired of being alone and not having a man in my life. Even Tin Man was better company than none.
“You know, Tin Man. If you were more like the hunk on the cover of this book, I reckon you would just about be perfect. If only you had strong manly arms, a kind heart and a handsome face, I think I could really go for you.”
He didn't reply, of course, but turned and went out of the bedroom, presumably to go to the kitchen to stare patiently at the coffee percolator and wait until it was time to bring me breakfast in bed. A perfect gentleman. I slept peacefully and wasn't surprised to see Tin Man standing at the foot of the bed.
“Good morning, Tin Man. Do you have my breakfast?” I asked.
He raised his mechanical arms and in his three fingered hands he held a pair of human arms, a head with a human face, and a heart, all still dripping with blood.
Oooh, nasty!!!

Story 4
The Find

It shouldn't have been there. Even a novice like Tony Grant knew that. Nothing was supposed to be there, nothing much anyway. It was basically egg shaped, made of baked clay and judging by its position in the digs, between ten and fifteen thousand years old. The natural shaft was much deeper and the main excavation for the Neolithic age was right on the bottom. It was the sling seat on the hoist that had loosened the clod of dirt to expose the thing in the first place. Tony had carefully removed the surrounding compacted earth to reveal the profile of the thing. Gentle prods with his gloved finger tips told him it was solid enough to cautiously remove the soil around it, and take it out.
Easier said than done, suspended in the sling, and he knew he should have called the professor rather than attempt the job by himself. There would be hell to pay if he damaged it or worse, dropped it to smash to pieces at the bottom of the shaft. But then again, he was the only one who knew about it, so if the worse happened, who would know?
The light was fading on his helmet lamp by the time he had the thing in his hands, safely unscathed in the carry cage underneath the seat. Jabbing the controls to start the hoist, he was on his way back to the surface. The first thing he saw when he got to the top, were Professor Handley's muddy work boots and his baggy brown corduroy trousers.
“Took your time, Grant. What the hell have you been up to?” he said without a trace of humour in his gruff voice.
“Sorry, professor, but I saw something and I thought you might want to see it.”Grant retrieved the find from under the seat and gingerly passed it over to Handley, then he clambered out of the shaft.
“What the hell is this, Grant? An Easter egg?” he replied, turning it over in his gnarled hands.
“I've no idea, sir,” said Grant, dusting himself off. “I just thought it might be worth a closer look.”
It was getting too dark to see clearly what it was, so Handley carried it over to his hut-cum-workshop. It had served as a home from home for the last two years the site had been running. Grant followed him inside like a faithful puppy and Handley placed it carefully on the workbench and aimed the powerful inspection lamp on it. Grant explained where in the shaft he had found it, as they both examined it closely, Handley giving the occasional grunt. The camera was carefully positioned  and Handley took several photographs. Then he took precise measurements and wrote them all down with a rough sketch of the find.
Into his recorder, he said, “Basically oval, not unlike the size and shape of a rugby ball. Fourteen inches long, by twenty three inches in circumference, slightly more rounded at one end than the other.” He ran his fingertips over the surface. “It appears to be man-made, out of some kind of clay pottery. It has no holes or handles on it anywhere, and no apparent markings on its very smooth surface, apart from a thin groove running continuously around it lengthwise, probably where the two halves were joined together to seal in whatever is inside. My opinion at this stage is that it is a storage vessel of some kind. What it contains will be revealed by X-ray tomorrow morning, before any attempt is made to open it.” Switching off the recorder, Handley said to his student, “Tell nobody about this, Grant. Got that? Lord knows what I have here.”
Grant didn't like the sound of that 'I' and it was obvious, what ever it was would soon become Handley's find, and not his. Typical of the man, he thought, solemnly. If it was something important, he'd get no credit at all. This was the main reason nobody liked the professor, or wanted to work with him on field trips and digs. Tony Grant had agreed to go, because it was archaeology that fascinated him. There were just the two of them on this trip, with Grant doing the work of six, labouring fourteen hour days. Working with Handley was much like being a slave. The old man didn't even try to be civil.
Handley went over to the large makeshift safe in the corner of the hut, where the more valuable and fragile items were kept, before transfer to the university. Careful to conceal the combination from Grant, Handley opened it. Then he found a clean towel and placed that on the bottom shelf.
“Okay, Grant. Bring it here but be careful, mind.”Grant went to pick it up but just as he was about to touch it, Handley growled, “Gloves, you blithering idiot. It's been manhandled enough.”
Grant put his gloves on and picked it up. It seemed both fragile and solid at the same time. It had survived intact for thousands of years, and would have remained that way, had it not been for the professor's briefcase on the floor that Grant tripped over. The vessel flew from his hands, and before Grant hit the bare floorboards, Handley was also airborne, attempting to catch it in mid-air. His stubby fingers found purchase on it before it slipped from his grasp, and landed on the bunk-bed in the corner, and as it bounced back up in the air, Handley and Grant collided together with a crack of heads, as they both made an effort to save it. They both cried out as much in horror as they did in pain, as the vessel hit the floor and smashed open. They scrambled on their hands and knees towards it, but they both knew it was too late.
“You bloody fool,” snarled Handley.
“I...I'm sorry professor.”
“Too bloody late for that now, boy. You stupid, incompetent...”
”Sir, look,” said Grant, pointing a shaking finger at the shattered remains. 
Handley gasped in disbelief at what he saw. As if laid to rest along the largest fragment of the vessel, was a complete, mummified body, moulded to the inside. Although shrunken due to thousands of years of internment, the creature was obviously female and naked. From head to toe, she was no larger than a man's hand, like miniature young woman. From underneath her back, delicately spread out on each side of her, were what appeared to be wings, as fine as those of a large butterfly. The expression on what was once a beautiful face was one of peace and serenity. 
“Is this some kind of a sick prank, Grant?”
“No, Sir. I've never seen it before. Until now that is, the same as you.”
Handley jabbed Grant in the ribs with his finger. “You're lying, Grant. You set this up to try to make a fool out of me. Do you think I'm stupid, boy?”
Grant was about to protest his innocence again, when Handley exploded in an uncontrollable rage, grabbing him with both hands around his throat.
“You tried to make a laughing stock out of me, didn't you, Grant?”
His strong hands were choking the life out of the student, who was struggling to breathe, let alone reply. They wrestled each other on the floor, Grant fighting back, thumping the older man in the face, drawing blood from his nose. 
“Listen to me, you old goat. Whatever that is, it's real.”
Sanity returned to Handley. “You swear to me this is not a hoax?”
“I swear, I swear.”
On hands and knees, they both went over to take another look. It was obvious that exposure to air after thousands of years of being interred, was having an effect on it. It was disintegrating. 
“Damnation. Grant. The camera, fast.”
Grant scrambled to his feet, and he grabbed the camera, then kneeling down, he tried to focus with his shaking hands. 
“Hurry, Grant.”
The flash went off and the shot was taken, just one second after the tiny winged body crumbled to a little pile of grey dust. She was gone, and both men wept.

Ah. Wasn't that nice?

Story 5
Andrew

Andrew Sinclair Wilson lay rigid on his bed. He was sure his heart had stopped with fear, and he instinctively reached up to his chest to make sure he still had a pulse. Below the palm of his hand he could feel the beat, reassuringly steady. But would he still be alive when the sun's dawn light pierced the gloom of his room, he wondered. He wasn't stupid. He knew it was only his imagination running rampant. There was nothing to fear in the safety of his own bedroom. His own father had told him that, just a few hours ago as he tucked him in for the night.
“Now come on, Andy. You're nine years old, not a baby,” he had said. “It's a bit strange getting used to our new home, that's all. You just think about you and me going fishing in the morning.”
He had ruffled his hair. It was the nearest he got to a kiss from his father these days. Too old for that now, he knew. Although his mother still gave him hugs and kisses when she tucked him up. Andrew knew that his father was right. He was a big boy now, not a baby who was afraid of the dark. All the same, his father had left the night-light on, glowing softly on the wall by the side of the bed. The dim light was supposed to reassure him, but he wasn't sure which was worse, the darkness, or the weak light, hiding more than it revealed. He knew exactly what he was afraid of, but he hadn't yet told his parents about it. How he wished he had an older brother to confide in, and share his nightmare with. But he was an only child and he was for now at least, entirely on his own in this.
Sleep had eluded him, and he decided he had to see what had frightened him, rather than merely be aware of its presence. Making his mind up, he got out of bed and raced to the switch that turned on the main light, then he ran back to the bed and jumped in, pulling the warm flannelette sheet over his chin, his blue eyes open, too scared to close them. And there they were all around him, hundreds of them, staring right back at him. They were all over the walls, the ceiling, everywhere. The wooden planking that the whole house interior was constructed of, was covered in them. Eyes.
Well, not really eyes, he knew. But if you looked at the swirling patterns the wood grain made, and the knotholes, they did look just like eyes. They looked like the eyes of strange alien creatures. Those two there, for instance. Almost in the far corner of the room, half hidden by shadow. That looks like some bug eyed monster from Startreck. Large saucer shapes that stared back at him. It even had the outline of a face, elongated grotesquely, with another knothole making a shape like a small but evil mouth. And there, higher up on the ceiling, that huge wild cat, ready to pounce on him and rip him to shreds with vicious sharp claws. It seemed to be waiting for the moment he turned his back on it.  All around him, monstrous creatures with huge staring eyes and vague distorted faces, were just waiting for the opportunity to jump right out of the wood and get him. He counted more than twenty creatures hidden in the patterns and knotholes of the walls and ceiling. A few of them were too alien to identify, and that only made them more frightening. But there was something even more terrifying hidden in those natural whorls and knots of the wood. Something he had noticed in the first few days of them moving in. It was something he dearly wanted to tell his parents about, but he knew they would only ridicule him if he did. But now he was sure, absolutely positive that it was not the result of an over active imagination, because he had proved it. The eyes and faces moved.
At first, he had refused to accept it, even though he had irrefutable proof he was right. But he could clearly see the small mark he had made in yellow crayon on the wall above his head. During the safety of daylight, he had drawn the line, three centimetres long, down the side of one of the faces. He had chosen this particular face, because it looked like a hobgoblin and seemed less evil than the others. It almost seemed to smile at him in a twisted, slightly sinister grin, but it did look like the one least likely to bite his fingers off. He had made the mark that morning, when his parents couldn't see him. He had picked yellow, because it blended in with the colour of the wood, but because he knew it was there, he could see it clearly. Now the line wasn't almost touching the face by the staring left eye. There was a gap the size of the palm of his hand between the yellow mark and the unblinking eye of the hobgoblin.  So, either his yellow mark had miraculously slithered away from the face, or the hobgoblin had shifted its position, when he hadn't been looking. Now he knew for sure. The faces did actually move. The creatures were alive!
For long, long hours, Andrew watched the hobgoblin with the malevolent staring eyes, and the yellow mark by the side of it. If the creature moved even a whisker, he would run and get his parents and show them the proof. He would shout and scream if he had to, and make them come to his room. He didn't care what time that was, or if they were fast asleep, or even if they were angry with him. He would make them believe him. If that hobgoblin moved only slightly, he would see it. As he stared at the strange shape, less than an arms length above the top of the headboard, he thought it peculiar that it was only in his room that the strange shapes moved. He had watched the others around the house, in the lounge, the bathroom and even the kitchen. He was sure the only ones that moved, that seemed to have a life of their own, were the ones in his room.
His eyes were heavy with fatigue and he had to keep pinching himself to keep awake, terrified to allow the blanket of sleep take him. But it was a hard battle, and one he could not win. As the night moved on into the early hours of the morning, those small hours that belong to unnatural beings that share our world, little Andrew Sinclair Wilson gave up his vigilance and reluctantly drifted off into an uneasy sleep, filled with the creatures from the dark dimensions.
The early morning light finally did glint through the curtains, turning away the shadows into their dark corners, banished by the daylight. It was a bright sunny day that promised so much and was so welcoming. Andrew's father opened the door to wake his son.
“Come on, sleepy head. If we are going to catch those fish, we gotta be making a move.”
Andrew's father had been talking to himself. The bed was empty.
“Good boy,” he said to himself. “Up already, eager to get going.”
Expecting to see Andrew in the kitchen eating his cereal, he went down stairs. Not finding him there either, he tried the garage where the fishing tackle was stored. The boy wasn't there, either, so he tried the garden, also in vain. A search of the entire house proved futile, even trying the most unlikely places, like the woodshed and the airing cupboard. Then both the boy's parents
were out frantically searching the entire neighbourhood, but Andrew could not be found. In a desperate hunt for clues, they tried his bedroom again.
“We have to call the police,” said Andrew's mother, her face white with fear for her son. “We have to find him.”
“I'll call them now. But where the hell could he be?”
Before he went downstairs to call the police, he took a final look around the bedroom, not wanting to believe harm could have befallen their son. Everything seemed just as it should have been. Andrew's clothes from the day before were draped over the chair. In the corner of the room, scuffed sneakers. Nothing to tell him what could have happened. And never in a million years would he have noticed, high up on the wall above the bed, next to the shape that looked like the face of a hobgoblin, there were a handful of brand new knotholes in the wood.

Story 6
Silly Beggar

I must admit, I was looking forward to knocking off work. This was my fourth job of the day, and it had been a full on week. My mind was on the big game of the weekend, rather than fitting another carpet, but I still had a living to make. A man's gotta do what a man's gotta do, and all that. Pulling up outside number seventeen Turners Drive, I decided the sooner I got the job done, the better. Number seventeen belonged to an old widow called Mary Potts. I had quoted for the job, fitting a new carpet and underlay in the lounge, three weeks previously. Fairly straight forward, a decent sized room with not too many awkward bits. Just throw down the underlay, lay out the new carpet, a few whacks with the stretcher, and hey presto, job done. I reckoned an hour tops. Looking at the clock on the dashboard, I should be away again by four at the latest. Mrs Potts seemed a nice old lady, all grey hair and smelling of lavender.
“Hello, Mrs Potts,” I said, cheerfully. It doesn't hurt to smile, even if you are in a hurry.
“Oh, hello, there. Is it three o'clock already?” she asked.
“Just after,” I replied. I went inside and checked the room out. She had made a start of clearing it out, removing ornaments and small items of furniture.
“I couldn't manage the big stuff, not on my own,” she said.
“Not a problem, Mrs Potts. I'll soon have this lot moved out of the way. I'll just put in the conservatory for now, shall I?”
The conservatory was next to the lounge and sparse of furniture, so it was ideal to put the bigger items in there.
“If you wouldn't mind. I'll put the kettle on, shall I?” she said, disappearing into the kitchen.
I busied myself for the next ten minutes, taking things into the conservatory. Most of it was on casters, so that was easy, but the old oak sideboard was a bit of a challenge. I got there in the end, though. The last thing to move, was the bird. It was a little blue and yellow budgerigar, who resided in the corner of the room in one of those old fashioned wire cages on a stand. The bird squawked a little when I picked up the cage and swung back and forth on its little perch, like a feathered high wire act at the circus.
“Silly beggar, silly beggar,” said the bird.
“Don't call me silly,” I told it. “You're the one stuck in a cage.”
I tried to keep the cage steady, and the bird stayed silent as I carried into the conservatory and found a safe place for it. A shady little corner, where it wouldn't be too hot. I had just finished, when Mrs Potts came back, carrying a mug of tea and a slice of cherry and chocolate cake.
“That's very nice of you,” I said, “Much appreciated.
“You're welcome. Is Bertie okay?”
I assumed Bertie was the bird. “Fine. I put him over there. You know, the cheeky little thing called me a silly beggar?” I said with a chuckle.
“Everyone's a silly beggar to Bertie. Even me. It was my late husband who taught him to talk. You're lucky that's all he called you,” she said with a grin. “He knows a lot worse than that, believe me.”
“Oh, well. He's company for you, I suppose.”
“Better than nothing,” she agreed.
I finished the cake and tea and said I had better get on with the job. Mrs Potts made herself scarce in the kitchen, and I went to work getting the old underlay and carpet up. It had seen better days and was threadbare in places. The Axminster replacing it would be a big improvement and would probably last the old girl out. With the old stuff out of the way, I went back to the van to get my tools and new underlay, then I made sure the floor was nice and clean. Lovely wooden floorboards they were and would have looked good sanded and varnished, but I'd be out of work if everyone did that.
It only took a few minutes to lay the underlay, then it was back to the van for the carpet. The Axminster weighed a tonne, but then the room was pretty big. Fortunately, most of the existing gripper was okay, so I only had to put a few new pieces down. The gripper held the edges of the carpet in place. Another half hour, and the new carpet looked great. After all that effort, I needed a cigarette. Thinking Mrs Potts wouldn't be too happy with me lighting up in her home, I decided to go outside in the back garden. It was a nice quiet lawned area, with roses for a border, and a bench made of old driftwood at one end, but I decided I shouldn't get too comfortable, otherwise I'd never get going again.
I was in for a disappointment. When I checked my overall pockets, I couldn't find my smokes. I figured they were back in the van. With a sigh, I decided to get the job finished, and have a smoke on my way home. Back in the lounge, I gathered up my tools, and was about to get the furniture back in place, when I noticed a lump under the carpet, right slap bang in the middle of the room. Now I knew where my smokes had gone. To retrieve them, meant taking up half the carpet again and I wasn't that desperate for a smoke. So I got my hammer and flattened it. There was no sign of the lump after that, thank goodness. I stowed my gear away in the van and got the chitty book for Mrs Potts to sign the job off. Mrs Potts was standing in the hallway.
“Right. If you wouldn't mind signing this to say you are satisfied with the job, then I'll be on my way.”
“Yes of course,” she said, leading the way into the lounge. “It looks lovely. And thanks for putting the things back.” She happily signed the book. “By the way. Are these yours? I found them in the hall. You must have dropped them.”
“My smokes,” I said, a little surprised. “Thanks.”
“Oh. You left Bertie in the conservatory. Would you mind putting him back, only it's too heavy for me?”
“Not at all, Mrs Potts,” I said, obligingly, going into the conservatory to get the cage. As I went to pick it up, I suddenly had a sick feeling in my stomach. The door of the cage was open, and the bird was gone. Feeling the packet of smokes in my pocket, and looking at the empty cage, I suddenly realised, what the lump under the carpet had been.

Story 7
So I said, then she said

“Marge? Marge? Is that you, dear? It's me, Mavis. I thought I'd dialled the wrong number, for a minute. It didn't sound like you at all. Well put your teeth in, dear, and I will hear you better. Right. That's much clearer. Anyway. How are you, these days? Oh, I know. Ages. I've been meaning to call you, but you know how it is...How's that hip of yours? Good. Now, listen, Marge. I need a bit of advice....what? My cat? No, Boris I fine. He's still a little bit jittery after being rescued out of that drainpipe. The little devil gave that nice young fireman a really nasty scratch, poor chap. I felt so bad about it, I took a big box of biscuits to the fire station to...what dear? Assorted. I thought that was best, then they could all have what they liked. Well, the thing is, there's been a bit of an accident and I was wondering...No. I don't like those ginger biscuits either. Hard on your teeth? Yes. I suppose they would be.
The thing is, Marge, I think it's rather serious, and with you being a Justice of the Peace....well I know you used to be. Twenty years ago....my, how time flies. I was just saying to Emma Gilberts, only last week...Yes. She's still alive. At least when I was talking to her she was. She's still doing her little voluntary job in the Salvation Army shop, would you believe? Three husbands she's seen off, although I don't think she was actually married to that last one. Well I said it didn't seem seven years since we had that over sixties night at the pensioners club and poor old Mr Dribble choked to death on a pickled onion. Actually, his name was Dibble, but he always seemed to be dribbling, so we all called him...No, Marge. It was definitely a pickled onion. It was Mr Harringway who choked on his dentures, and that was way back in two thousand and three. So, she said to me...Emma Gilberts, dear, that's right, she said she could remember the commotion as if it were yesterday.
Oh. That reminds me what I was calling you about. There's a strange man in my house. Well, not exactly in the house, more like on it, to be more precise. He landed on the roof with one of those parachute hang gliding thingy's. Can you tell me why they do that, throwing themselves off a cliff trying to fly like a bird? No, I don't know, either. It's daft, if you ask my opinion. I mean, my house is the only one for miles, other than that little place down the lane, and they only use that at the weekends. And the silly man goes and lands on my blessed roof. It must have been a freak blast of wind that took him off course.
It frightened the hell out of me, and poor Boris ran out of his cat flap like his tail was on fire. No, Marge. I didn't say his tail was on fire, I said like it was on fire. I do hope he hasn't gone over the cliff in a panic. It only happened about ten minutes ago. I was just on my way to see Heather Chambers in hospital and take her some grapes and...Gallstones, Marge. You've had that too, have you? That doesn't surprise me. You've had everything else, dear. Well, anyway. There was this almighty crash in the dining room. It wouldn't be so bad, but I've just had the blessed room decorated. Sort of magnolia, with a hint of pink. No, dear. I don't like loud colours, either. It was white before, with just a red feature wall. That's magnolia as well, now. Of course the chandeliers a write off. I think that's what caused Boris to run off, when the whole thing came crashing down on the table...Yes, dear. Scratched to bits. Glass everywhere. Over a hundred years old, that table. It belonged to my grandmother.
Well. When I ran into the room, there was this pair of men's legs dangling from the ceiling. I can see them from here, while I'm talking to you. Dirty great hairy things with boots on. Marge. Really.  Don't be so vulgar. Of course I didn't touch his legs. I could see they were hairy. He's got these tight little shorts on. Well, I dare say you might have touched his legs, but I'm certainly not going to. What are you like? So anyway, I said to him, what on Earth do you think you're doing, and he said...No, Marge. Of course I couldn't hear him with me being in the dining room and him with his head still outside, now could I? No. So I went out, and called him from there. I said, what do you think you're doing young man? and he said...Oh, I don't know. He's about twenty something I suppose. I didn't stop to ask. Anyway, he said, get some help. So I said, quite reasonably I thought under the circumstances, can't you get out and climb down and he said, well actually, I won't tell you what he said, because it wasn't very nice, and I'd rather not repeat it. I haven't heard language like it since Fred Sherlock had that altercation with Peter Ramsden over the scoring in the bowls tournament. So I said, If that's your attitude young man, you can jolly well stay up there.
What? I put the kettle on, of course. Made myself a cup of tea. I have some of that tea from the health food store...You do know it. The one next to the fish and chip shop, in the precinct. He does a lovely fish in there. I think it's the batter he uses. No. The tea tastes awful, to be honest, but it's supposed to calm people down. I much prefer Darjeeling. No, Marge, I didn't make him one. How on Earth could I give him a cuppa anyway? I'm not climbing ladders at my time of life. Besides. I'm not very pleased with the damage he's caused. Those are the original clay tiles and I bet they'll be impossible to replace. The thing is, should I call the police or....Because it's breaking and entering, isn't it? I mean you being a J P, I thought you might know the technicalities. That's why I called you. I would have called my son, Nigel, but he's on a touring holiday of Australia with his family.
I had a postcard from them yesterday. From Darwin. Lovely picture on the front. The twins will be five in November. Lovely kids, but a bit of a handful. So any way, I thought you would know...Well, true dear, he didn't mean to break in I suppose, but he was rather rude to me. No. I realise being rude isn't a crime, but it jolly well should be. This is the problem with society today, no manners at all, some people. We were brought up differently.
Call an ambulance? What ever for? Oh. You mean for the young man. Well, I suppose he could be hurt, now you come to mention it. He did hit the roof with a bit of a crash. No, I can't see any blood, just a few little grazes on his shins. He does rather kick his legs about a lot when he touches the electric wiring where the light fitting used to be. I thought maybe the fire brigade might be the best people to come and get him down. They are so good at that sort of thing with all those ladders. That young officer was very good about Boris, even though he did scratch his nose. Well, I tell you what. I'll just pop outside and see if he's okay. Don't hang up.
Hello again, Marge. Marge? Oh. There you are, dear. You just went to the toilet...I see. I tell you something though, it's just as well I went out and had a look. Boris, the little horror, was up there, hanging onto the poor chap's ear with his claws. Getting his own back, I shouldn't wonder. The man couldn't get Boris off, because his arms are all tied up in the para thingy. He was shaking his head about, trying to get the blessed cat off his ear, and the pair of them were making a right old racket. So I threw a pebble at him. No, dear. Not the man. Boris. It wasn't a good shot, though. I missed the cat and hit the man on the side of his head. Now, both his ears are bleeding. Then Boris ran off again.
Then the man gave me another load of verbal abuse and then he just sort of moaned a bit, and went strangely quiet. No. I don't think he's cold. He has that parachute thingy covering most of him up. I can only see his head poking up out of it. At least the parachute is stopping the rain coming in the dining room. Oh, it is, Marge. Shocking weather. It's absolutely hammering it down. The front garden is a swamp. It has completely ruined the flower beds. You know, I don't think we've had a decent bit of sunshine in weeks. Well, I'm glad it's nice where you are. So, do you think I should call an ambulance, then? Not the police or the fire brigade. I suppose if I call the emergency number, they'll sort it all out. They won't fix my blessed roof, though. It'll take ages to get the insurance money, I expect. 
Oh. Hang on. He's okay, thank goodness. He's just walked in the house and took himself off to bed. No, Marge, Boris of course, not the man. Anyway. I suppose I'll have to hang up now, and call the ambulance. Yes. It's been lovely talking with you, too. I really will have to have a drive over to your place, one of these days. Okay then. I had better go, because his legs have stopped twitching. Bye Marge.”

Story 8
Character Stains

I do worry a lot. I might be just a daft, middle-aged woman, but I just can't help it. It's my nature. It starts off as a little niggling doubt at the back of my mind, and builds up into something of Earth shattering importance. A trip into town in the car, for instance, can quickly turn into a nightmare, and have me in a cold sweat before I get there, wondering if I locked the front door on my way out, knowing full well I checked it three times, just to be sure.
Then I worry about whether or not I took my medication. I can't risk taking another lot just in case I'd forgotten, because too much is worse than not enough. And so it goes on. I even worry about library books. Are they overdue? Did I re-new them last week?
Not only that, but I even worry about the stains on them. Surely that's not normal? Sometimes, I am so concerned about the strange little stains on those dog-eared pages, I can hardly follow the story. I swear, if I could afford new books, I'd never use the library at all. But I can't, so I must.
I like to read in bed, mostly. Usually historical romance, (hysterical, my husband calls them), used and abused by fifty other readers. Corners of pages folded over, little squiggles and initials to identify if they had read it before. Telephone numbers and messages in the margins , where I imagine the reader getting a phone call and using the book to jot things down, because it was convenient. Very inconsiderate, in my opinion.
Then of course, there are those stains. This one, on page twenty three. I think it's tea or coffee. Somebody sitting there, reading away, all comfortable, picking up a cuppa, and spilling it on the book. They probably dabbed it with a cloth or tissue, but the damage had been done. Page thirty two has tomato seeds stuck on it. A lunchtime reader, book in one hand, ham and tomato sandwich in the other, consequences inevitable. Then the juice dries, leaving the seed glued to the paper forever.
After years of study, I have become quite a detective of these things. My husband tells me not to be so stupid and just read the damned thing. It's okay for him, he just reads a page or two, and then he's away, snoring like a drain. Then I'm wide awake, listening to his awful racket, trying to read myself to sleep. He's not snoring now, thank God. 
Some stains are very unpleasant. Insects are quite common. Many an irritating fly or mosquito has come to a sticky end in the pages of a Mills and Boon. Not all the marks or stains are insects, though. Page forty eight. Snot. Oh, yes. I can tell snot when I see it. Now, if I'm feeling generous, I imagine somebody sick in bed with influenza, nose running like a tap, eyes all weepy and red, trying to find solace in a good book as they lie ill. A sneeze comes on, and before they can grab a tissue, out it comes, all over page forty eight. If I'm in a cynical mood, I can see some unpleasant individual, picking their nose in deep contemplation, then wiping the residue onto the page. I may be being ungenerous, but that is definitely snot, and it got there somehow.
Of course. A few stains are, well, a little harder to discern. Chocolate, for instance. Brown and permanent But is this stain on page fifty four really chocolate? There are only two things I can think of that leave brown stains like this one, and only one of them is chocolate. I'd rather not think of the alternative or how it would have got there. I know some people hog the toilet for hours, reading books. My husband used to be one of them, until I knocked it out of him, after we were married. Men. But this is a “woman's book,” so I have to believe it's chocolate, or I just couldn't read it, otherwise. 
Red stains can be one of a number of things. Tomato sauce, red wine or blood. Actually, blood dries more of a reddish brown. And how does blood get on the pages, anyway? Haven't they heard of sticky plasters? Or was somebody casually reading after slashing their wrists, hoping to get to the end before they finally go to the big library in the sky? In these days of HIV and AIDS, it is all a bit of a worry. Can you get AIDS from a blood stain in a book?  One day, there will be a little disclaimer sticker on the cover, stating the council and the library will not be responsible for any communicable diseases contracted from reading one of their books. Honestly. It's getting to the point when a person won't be able to read a library book without wearing surgical gloves. 
This novel has a life of its own. Six years old, so it's been through a lot of hands and has been all over the country, maybe all around the world. It has been on more holidays than most people get to go in a lifetime. Like human beings, it has picked up wrinkles and scars that make it unique. If some forensic scientist did a few tests, it would probably be covered in enough DNA to be classified as a new life-form. I expect some clever individual has already done a science degree on the back of it. 
I try to be careful with property that doesn't belong to me. I always use a bookmarker and never dog-ear a corner over to mark a page. I don't bend a book backwards, damaging the spine, not even a paperback edition. I never eat while I'm reading, except perhaps a ginger biscuit, because a few crumbs won't do any harm, and I'm very careful with drinks. I'm not a saint, by any stretch of the imagination, it's just that I was brought up to respect other peoples property. 
Unlike my awful pig of a husband, who drops the books on the floor by the side of the bed as he falls off to sleep. An inconsiderate sod he is. Disrespectful of everything, including me. No consideration or courtesy for anything in his life, especially for me. Not in twenty nine years of marriage has he put me first. Only himself. Selfish, ignorant and generally unpleasant. Twenty nine years. Affection is not a word in his vocabulary. Even our children grew up and moved away without as much as a hug or a kiss from their dear old dad. A waste of time, that soppy stuff, he'd say. The kids don't call much.
So I take comfort from books, escaping my empty life, finding romance of a sort in the 'strong manly arms of the handsome hero'. Is that why romance books are so popular with women? I suspect so. Real life can be so drab; we need to fill that gap with artificial lust and love.
In my mind, it is so easy to be a girl of twenty one again, to imagine myself to be beautiful and a free spirit and to love a handsome stranger, to be swept off my feet by a carefree, muscular young stallion of a man, on a whirlwind trip to some tropical paradise. I can almost feel his firm embrace and soft kisses, warm and passionate on my lips, my heart pounding and my knees weak from excitement.
There is always a picture on the cover showing the beautiful young couple, she slim and gorgeous, looking adoringly into his eyes, usually dazzlingly blue or dark and mysterious. His hair, thick, long and wavy, his body lean and perfect with a golden tan. Would they sell many books if the picture was of a balding old fart with a beer belly or if she was a frumpy old-maid with curlers in her grey hair and a luminescent green face-pack spread liberally over her wrinkles? 
Sadly, at my time of life, these books are the only place I can ever expect to find those words I long to hear, words I have never heard from him. This is why I am so careful with books. To me they are my escape to an impossible world of love and wild adventure.
And yet, oh dear, I have defiled this book. For the the first time ever I have ruined a book. The back cover, wet and sticky, dripping red all over the duvet. It was an accident, I swear. I would never have done such a thing intentionally. I'm so considerate, normally. It must have happened when I slit his throat with the carving knife as he lay there, and the blood gushed all over the place.

Story 9
Explain that to a Martian!

I heard or maybe read somewhere, that if you doubt your sanity you are in fact sane. Well, at fifteen minutes past three in the morning, on my way to empty a nagging bladder, making out vague but familiar shapes through bloodshot half closed eyes, I couldn’t find the door. I was actually normally fairly adept at finding doors. For the thirty four years of my questionably adult life, I had stumbled through, barged into, pushed when the sign had clearly told me to pull, but, generally speaking, had always managed to find the damned door. 
Focusing through the mildly alcoholic haze, I had staggered sleepily across my own bedroom into the lounge, intent on navigating my way unaided onwards into the dining room and without assistance from either a Sherpa or a guide dog, continue unhindered to the room of much relief.
This ritual had met with unerring success on all previous occasions and I had been reasonably optimistic that these small steps for mankind would end similarly victorious. All of this would have been true, had I been able to reach the door to open it. Through the pale light of the moon, shimmering its way through the un-curtained window, I could see the door, I just couldn’t touch it. Something transparent yet tangible was preventing me. It seemed to cover my entire body. I poked it with a finger, hoping the bubble would burst. It didn't.
This disturbing situation forced me to concentrate painfully and bully my reluctant brain into something capable of logical thought. My brain argued that my body wanted to pee and that the normal course of events was to open the door and head for the toilet. Signals to my hand were thwarted by some strange material that felt like soft, warm plastic.
“What the…?”
“Psstleasss szist dowhan.” 
I am not a brave man. However, I am not especially cowardly. Put trouble in my way and sensibly, I’ll try to circumnavigate it. If that isn’t an option, I’ll try to face it head on. As I stood there naked, I discovered truth in the old cliché about hairs on the back of ones neck standing on end. I didn’t spin round to see who had spoken, or to be more precise, hissed those words, but elected instead to turn most cautiously. What I saw sitting so casually on my sofa was so terrifyingly unexpected that I mentally congratulated myself in not emptying my bladder that instant.
The ‘creature’, was an unhealthy yellow colour, and looked as if a classroom full of kids had stuck something together from a barrow full of play-doe. It consisted mostly of a middle section, with two painfully thin legs and what passed for arms hanging loosely just above those. It didn’t appear to have a neck at all, but more of a narrowing of the torso into a misshapen dome. From the top of its head, four tentacles tipped with bulbous yellow eyes, pointed in my direction. Two vertical slits central to its face may well have been a nose and the longer horizontal slit for all I knew, could have been its mouth. Ears might be anywhere else and I preferred not to speculate. I took comfort from the fact that like me, my visitor was completely naked. Apart from, that was, some kind of device strapped to its arm. I flinched when the creature smacked the device with a tentacle. Closing my eyes, I fully expected to be instantly vaporised and nearly passed out with joy at still being alive a few seconds later. 
“What is your name?” it asked. The voice was now clear and intelligible. 
“Gotta pee,” I demanded. My need had suddenly gone from merely urgent to critical.
“Please sit down, Gotta Pee.” 
“Can’t,” I said. “Gotta Pee.”
“I won’t harm you, Gotta Pee.”
By this time I had crossed my legs and cupped the family jewels with both hands. If this joker didn’t let me go to the toilet in the next few seconds, I would be doing something rather embarrassing in front of a complete stranger and I was annoyed enough to aim it directly at him. Then I realised, peeing inside a bubble would only result in me having wet and even smellier feet. He ignored my plight and fiddled with the gadget on his arm. 
“Oi, dome head. I need to pee,” I yelled.
From the contraption, my own words echoed out, but were now sounding like an unpleasant mix of radio static and fingernails on chalkboards. 
“Ah. You need to urinate.”
The pain of holding it in was becoming unbearable now. “You got that right, you four eyed slug.” At that insult, his eyes, all of them, stared right at me. 
“Not polite,” came the reply. 
“Get rid of this damn bubble,” I demanded.
“Protection for me,” he said.
I had to admit, it did remind me of a huge condom. The bubble opened up and then it was in front of me. It had me trapped and I still couldn't get to the toilet. I’ll count to five, I thought, and if he doesn’t let me out of the damn room, I’ll drown the son of a bitch. As if reading my mind, the plastic bubble pushed the door open and snaked through the dining room towards the toilet. Still clutching my redeeming features, I followed the bubble that extended over the toilet and round me to give me complete access. I had held back for so long, that now I couldn’t go.
“You urinate,” ordered a voice. The little sod was standing right behind me.
I replied something that I hoped wasn’t lost in translation. He took the hint and walked backwards on his hideously thin legs and stood just outside the door. Above the splashing sound of me doing what comes naturally, I heard him mutter, “Very offensive.”
Forgoing the hand-washing ritual, we went back to the relative warmth of the lounge. He decided the 'protection' was un- necessary and it disappeared completely. I took some solace in the fact that I was at least half a metre taller than he was. I was tempted to thump the yellow, hairless, lumpy looking head, and teach this devil a lesson. History had taught me not to underestimate potential adversaries by their size alone so I erred on the side of caution instead.
He, I’m not sure why, perhaps the lack of breasts of any kind, convinced me that it was indeed male, returned to his place on the sofa, and with a casual wave of a tentacle, invited me to sit on an armchair. The sheer damn arrogance of the…bloke, behaving like this was his damn home and not mine, got my blood boiling again. Controlling my anger, I complied with his request. It said, “My name is …” 
Some unintelligible noise came out and I have no intention of trying to decipher it. Throw a handful of scrabble letters on the floor and it would do just as well. For now, I’ll call him Joe.
“I come from Mars.”
“Yeah? And here I was, sure you came from California.”
Joe’s eyes rotated disconcertingly in my direction. “Definitely Mars,” he repeated.
A million questions zapped through my mind, like, how come we were so damn certain there wasn’t life on Mars, and how the hell did Joe get here and why the hell has he picked on me? Answers please on a postcard ... 
“I wish to learn about you,” he told me.
“You can get stuffed, dome head.”
Joe winced and his eyeballs nearly tied themselves up in knots. “Do not be rude. I am friendly to you.”
“If you dare say you come in peace, I swear I’ll…”
“But I do. I do come in peace.”
“Oh, for God’s sake. Does somebody write your script or do you ad lib?”  There was a screech and a whistle from the thing on his arm and Joe smacked it again. 
“I don’t understand.”
I slapped my own face to try to wake up from the nightmare. I was awake and Joe was still sitting there. “To hell with this.”
In the corner of the lounge was a mahogany cupboard. It contained a bottle of bourbon and it would take more than a slug from Mars to keep me from it. I didn’t have to look to know four eyes were following me as I crossed the room. With my back to him, I poured myself a very large drink and took a swallow. There was something very reassuring about the warmth it brought to my throat. Some civilised portion of my mind considered offering Joe a drink, but I wasn’t yet feeling chummy with him. As I took another sip, I spied the telephone on the table next to the drinks cupboard. What were my chances I wondered, before some deadly bolt of death cremated me? I needed a few more drinks before becoming that brave. Maybe it was the alcohol, but when I turned around, Joe seemed more pathetic than menacing. There was a blanket over one armchair and I grabbed it to wrap around me. Not out of modesty, but because I was getting damned cold, standing there naked. I sat down again, tucking my legs up under the blanket for maximum comfort. With this and the bourbon, I was decidedly more human. At least, a lot more human than my uninvited visitor. 
“I have studied you for much long time,” Joe said. “But the more I studied you humans, the more confused I became.”
I couldn’t help but laugh. “Try living on this planet a while, and then you’ll be really confused. Oh, and that wasn’t an invitation, by the way.”
Something like a cat being strangled came from him. “Nice place to visit, but I wouldn’t want to live here.”
I was warming to the joker. “Okay. What do you want to know?”
Joe’s eyes stood up and pointed at the ceiling. He seemed to be thinking it over. He looked back at me. “Lots of things,” he said. “Especially your women. I don’t understand them at all.”
“And you’re asking me, a man? Boy, are you in for a disappointment.”
I got me another drink. This was going to be a very long night.
Joe waited patiently for me to unravel the complexities of man’s superior half and I just sat there drinking. I tried to read his expression and determine character from a head that looked as if it had been moulded in a bucket. When people weigh up other people, we put much emphasis on their eyes. With Joe, even looking at his four independently moving eyes on stalks was nauseating. I was now wide awake and calmly assessing the facts.
First of all, Joe was probably, hell, definitely brighter than I. To deposit himself so effortlessly into my home after travelling from Mars proved
 that much. Obviously no radar tracking system had identified his ship, assuming that’s how he got here. 
Secondly, as weak and feeble as he appeared to be, he hadn’t killed me. Not yet, anyway. He might have been naked, but I had no way of knowing if he hadn’t got some kind of pouch like a kangaroo with a weapon stashed in it. 
Thirdly, he was on a fact finding mission, so killing me would be counter productive if he was ever going to learn anything useful.
I said, “Joe…”
“Joe?”
I shrugged. “Joe, why me? Why have you come to my place?”
“Alone. No…interruptions.”
This made sense. I was alone. No dogs, cats, goldfish, not even a potted plant. And, sadly, no woman curled up in my bed. “Fair enough. Listen, Joe. You’ve picked an interesting topic of conversation with women. And to be honest, I’m probably the least qualified to give you any insight about them. Why don’t we start on something simple, like world politics, or stuff like that?” 
“Politics very difficult to understand. Women would be easier I think.”
My laugh came out of the translator like the noise a tortured parrot would make. “Boy, have you got a lot to learn.”
“Why I am here.” He paused, and then he asked, “You have no woman. Why?”
“Now listen, pal. My sexual inadequacies are not for debate, not now not ever, okay?” There was an embarrassing silence and Joe’s eyes aimed in every direction but at me. I must have hurt the little guy’s feelings. “I had a woman, right. But we just grew apart. It happens.” I decided to turn the tables. “Don’t you have women?” When I said it, I realised I was still making assumptions about Joe’s sexuality. But, as he had been asking questions about women on Earth, it was a safe bet he wasn’t female. 
“We are all same.”
I looked at the pot-bellied, gangly limbed, four eyed, no faced creature and thought,  hell. Joe’s entire race looks exactly like him. This statement from him, now once more becoming an ‘it’, brought forth a hundred questions at once. Like procreation. How, I mean, what, I mean…damn. I went back to the bourbon bottle. “Would you like a drink, Joe?”
“Yes.”
I poured him a small measure. Not because I’m mean, but in case he found he couldn’t handle it. I offered him the tumbler and the tentacle without the translator strapped to it wrapped around it. I felt his skin touch mine. It felt nothing like human skin. It was more like wet sandpaper. I tried not to show my revulsion. One eye looked at the tumbler whilst the other three watched me. I was correct about the horizontal slit being his mouth. A blue tube slid out. The tip was ringed by what looked like tiny suckers. The tube entered the tumbler and one little sucker extended into the liquid. It immediately retracted.
“A bit strong for you, Joe?”
His response was to dip the entire tube into the booze and suck up the whole lot in one slurp. “More please.”
“Hey. Slow down, pal. You gotta get used to this stuff.” 
“More please.” He waved the tumbler at me and once again I had to endure the creepy feeling of his skin against mine. 
“Okay, okay. But don’t blame me, right?”  I poured him another and this time, he sipped it more respectfully. Wrapped in the blanket once more, I discreetly studied him. I had accounted for most appendages we had in common, legs, arms. We had one obvious difference. He must have guessed my thoughts.
“Not like you,” he said.
“I wasn’t prying, I was just, you know, curious.”
“Like me, curious. But I know how you humans procreate. All on your internet.”
My mind boggled as to what websites he had been looking at. I didn’t pursue that line of thought with him. “If you know how we humans, you know, do it, what do you need me for?”
“Emotions. Women seem different to men. Explain.”
“I’m no expert on that. Actually, there’s a famous book out. It’s called ‘Women are from Venus, Men are from…Ma…, hmm.”
“Men are from…?”
“Damn. Look. We, men and women, right, aren’t from different planets really; at least, I don’t think we are. Having said that…no, of course we aren’t. It’s merely a way of expressing how different we actually are. It’s complicated.”
“Good different?”
“Hell, yeah. Sort of, I mean, you know, especially the physical side of things. The other stuff, like what you said, the emotions, well, to be honest, that does our damn heads in.”   
The tentacle entered the tumbler and finished the drink. The belch that followed was a belch in any language. “Alcohol not good for you. Why drink it?”
“You drank it.”
“For scientific research only.”
“Me too.”
“Not true.”
“I was joking.”
“Yes. Humour. Explain.”
The bourbon was hitting home. I decided I had drunk enough for one night. With an alien in my lounge, I needed to be alert. “You’re a funny critter, you are.”
“I have no humour. Not funny critter.”
“Uh. You sit there, waving your eyes about and tell me you’re not funny?”
“Is that offensive?”
“Probably.”
“Do you find me offensive?”
“A bit repulsive, maybe, but no, not offensive.”
“You think I am ugly?”
“Well, I wouldn’t want to dance the tango with you, that’s for sure.”
“Ah, yes. Dancing. Explain dancing.”
“Dancing?”
“Dancing.”
“I never got that one, myself. A daft way of carrying on if you ask me.”
“I did ask you.”
“True. That doesn’t mean I have all the answers, though. My x wife, now she has all the answers.”
“I should be asking x wife questions?”
A malicious idea of sending Joe to appear in my x wife’s bedroom had obvious appeal, but my conscience got the better of me. “Probably not. Besides, you might end up with a slightly unfavourable view of men in general, and of me in particular.”
“She finds you offensive?”
“Absolutely.”
“She hates you?”
“No, she doesn’t hate me. Nor I her. Actually, we parted amicably. But I’m not exactly on her Christmas card list.”
“Seasonal salutations,” he said.
“You have done some homework.” It was my turn. “So, you’re neither male nor female?”
“Both.”
“So if I told you to go screw yourself, you could?”
“Disgusting idea.”
Looking at Joe, I had to agree it wasn’t a pretty image to dwell upon. “You still have partners. You still have babies.”
“Not like you.”
A part of me wanted to know, another part definitely didn’t want to know. He explained anyway.
“Two of us secrete from glands into nest and create egg. Both raise offspring.”
“Eggs, nest?” Joe was a damn chicken.
“Not really like your birds, but same principle.”
“But no sex. Not like humans.”
“Messy, inefficient.”
“A lot of fun, though.”
We sat quietly, contemplating our differences. “Actually,” I said, finally, “It isn’t an option that would get my vote, but doing it your way probably causes far less trouble in the long run. It creates nothing but damn trouble here on Earth, I can tell you.”
“This I do not understand. Mankind evolved for millions of years, yes?”
“And we still haven’t got the basics sorted out, I know. Mind you, Joe. We’ve got seven billion of us stuffing up the planet, so we got the baby making part perfected.”
“Seven point three eight nine one five billion.”
“I’ll take you word for that, Joe.”
“You not good at making babies.”
“Now steady on, pal. That’s none of your business, okay?” 
I wondered how he knew about me and my life. Just how long had he had me under his microscope? I went cold thinking about it. Joe’s eyes did another circuit of the room, carefully avoiding me. 
“Dancing?” he asked again.
“Look. The thing is, people, men and women, do lot’s of things for fun. I don’t think you know much about fun, so it might be hard for you to understand. We all like different things. My wife, x wife, she can dance. I have two left feet.”
Joe’s eyes pointed at my feet sticking out from under the blanket. “No such deformity,” he observed.
“Not actually two left feet. It’s an expression for somebody like me, with no sense of rhythm. I’m too awkward at dancing, and I look ridiculous when I try, so I don’t, okay.”
“But why dance?”
“It’s like I said. We like to do all sorts of stuff. People are very creative, but in many different ways. Some paint pictures, make pots, grow flowers.”
“Some dance.”
“Now you’re getting it. Yes. It’s a form of expression and also sometimes, part of the mating process. Man and woman getting intimate with each other.”
“You not intimate.”
“No, I mean yes. The thing is, I can shuffle around the dance floor in a slow waltz, but anything more ambitious and I’d fall over. Even I like to hold a woman tightly having a smooch.”
“To mate?”
“Yes, no. Sometimes. Not always.”
“I see.” He didn’t.
“People often overlap with what they try to do. We like to experiment, try our hand at other things, find out what we are good at and what we are crap at.”
“You crap at making babies and dancing.”
“So damn what? I’m good at some things,” I insisted.
“Such as?”
I wish he hadn’t asked. Joe had been pretty accurate in his assessment of my limited capabilities. “All sorts of things.”
“Such as?” he persisted.
“Well,” I had to think hard. “I write. I’m a writer.”
“A good writer?”
I sighed. “I like to think so. The problem is, publishers don’t agree with my opinion. They put my writing ability on a par with my dancing skills.”
“They think you are a crap writer?”
“Some do. But what do they damn know? Most of them wouldn’t know a good book if you hit them over the head with one.”   
“Why hit them on the head with a book?”
“Because it would be very satisfying.”
“Fun?”
“Oh, yes.”
“Creative?”
“Enjoyable.”
“Get them to publish book?”
“Highly unlikely.”
“So why do it?”
“I haven’t.”
“You want to.”
“Yes, I mean no. Not actually hit them. I was speaking metaphorically.”
“I see.” He didn’t. “Politicians,” Joe said. “Explain.”
“At last, something that does make sense,” I said. Then I thought about it. “Well, perhaps not make sense, but easier to explain than women.”
“Politicians crap.” Joe seemed to like that word. 
“In a nutshell.”
“Politicians crap in nutshells?”
It wasn’t a sentence you heard every day.
“They have too much bull to fit in any nutshell I know of. We call them a necessary evil. Like tax inspectors and traffic wardens.”
“Have useful function?”
“Which ones?”
“Any of them.”
“As far as I’m concerned, not much. Politicians seem to be forever dreaming up ways to get the tax inspectors to take as much of our hard earned cash as possible. Pain in the ass.”
“Ass?” 
Looking at Joe, it was entirely possible he didn’t have one. This would have presented him with problems smuggling drugs through customs. That and the complete absence of clothes. 
“Don’t worry about it. It’s just my way of saying that the afore mentioned occupations belong to another reality. We suspect we can’t live without them, but have we really tried?”
“Why not try?”
“Good question. A damn good question. I guess it’s fear of the unknown. We wouldn’t like to risk upsetting the future by getting rid of them. Many would like to, though.”
“Guy Fawkes.”
“Best damn politician of the lot, some say. And look what happened to him.” I decided to be serious and give a more sensible answer. “If we didn’t have rules and regulations, we’d be running around like savages. We’d be killing one another, robbing one another and generally be causing all kinds of mayhem.”
“Like you do now?”
“Clever devil.” I had to admit, he had a point. “It would be a lot worse.”
“Is that possible?”
“Are you judging us?”
“Merely observation.”
I had no answer for man’s increasingly persistent striving for self destruction. It was the way we were. Nobody's perfect.
“You like rules and regulations?”
“Of course not. I just want everyone else to follow them. It’s human nature to feel that way.” I was determined this wasn’t going to be a one way learning curve. “You must have rules in your society.”
“Why?”
“Don’t tell me you are all little goody two shoes.”
His eyes, all of them, looked at the end of his feet-less legs. “No shoes.”
It was impossible to tell if Joe was being sarcastic. “So, you have no crime, nobody parks on double yellow lines and you all file your tax returns on time and in full?” To the best of my knowledge, no unmanned probe to the red planet had picked up neatly parked rows of automobiles outside a tax office. 
“No crime, no trouble.”
“What the hell do you lot die of, boredom?”
“Old age.”
“Why does that not surprise me?” Ask anyone who knows me, would they rather spend their time watching my life through a telescope, or poking their own eyes out with tooth picks, the tooth picks would win hands down. But to someone who apparently lives in a society where each day is nothing but mind-numbing predictability, I can understand why studying me would be incredibly exciting. It was sort of flattering, in a way. I wondered if I was networked. The bizarre idea of royalties went through my mind. Dream on. “Do you eat?”
“Of course I eat.” There was a hint of what do you take me for you idiot?, in his tone.
“It’s just that I’ve just gone incredibly hungry all of a sudden. And, as I assume you haven’t brought a packed lunch with you from Mars, I thought I could throw something together.”
Joe stared at me, in what may well have been a quizzical manner. After a while, a man learns to pick on a strangers body language, even a body that looks like something that wouldn’t be unexpected in the rubbish skip in a horror ‘b’ movie film studio. 
“If you just get rid of that bubble thing,” I suggested with a wave of my hand, “We can go to the kitchen. I do a really wicked cheese and chilly omelette.”
“Bubble gone long time ago.”
“Hell. So it has.” Our conversation had been so intense, I hadn’t noticed I was no longer confined. Was this some kind of trust Joe had developed for me or had the batteries run out? “Right, my interplanetary gatecrasher. Let’s have a feed.”
Not taking no for an answer, I led the way into the kitchen. I was relieved to find it was reasonably tidy, apart from two days washing up soaking in the sink and an old potato sack filled with re-cycleables by the back-door ready to go out. It hardly smelled at all. So I merely had to shift the un-ironed washing that had been left in the basket on the kitchen table for the last five days and I thought the place unusually clean. Nothing to be embarrassed about at all, apart perhaps from the dead mouse in the trap on the worktop, which now seemed to be alive with maggots. I really must throw that out tomorrow. First thing.
“So, what do you fancy?” I said, opening the fridge door. The cheddar was evolving nicely into blue cheese and something revolting had happened to the tomatoes in the vegetable compartment. Joe stood behind me, examining the mysterious contents of the cold white box. As he had no experience to draw from I didn’t think he would be able to form an opinion on the state of my fridge. Wrong.
“Crap,” he said. Well, Joe didn’t actually say crap, his translator decided the expletive was the nearest earthly equivalent to the Martian vernacular. Deciding Joe’s considered opinion about my food storage system wasn’t far off the mark, I opened the little freezer compartment on the top.  A packet of fish-fingers escaped and fell on the floor. “Right then. Fish finger sandwiches it is then.”
“Fish have no fingers. Like me,” he said, waving a tentacle at me. “I have studied your planet. Fingers no.”
“No, Joe, they haven’t. That’s because we cut the things off and eat them.” With a sheet of kitchen paper, I carefully pushed the mousetrap to one side. A man has to have space when creating a culinary masterpiece. I scraped the remains of the liver and onions I’d had for my dinner (what had I been thinking?) out of the frying pan into the overflowing rubbish bin and got the thing up to a high enough temperature to kill off any bacteria threatening to evolve into a higher life form and emptied the packet of fish fingers into it. I counted nine of them. Enough for a decent sandwich each.
“Are you okay with Earth food, by the way?” If he wasn’t, it meant more for me. 
“Soon find out,” he said.
All four eyes were watching the fingers swimming about in the half inch of liver flavoured fat. Then he watched the incredible digital dexterity with which I cut doorstops out of a loaf and spread copious amounts of butter on them. I could tell he was impressed. I flipped over the fingers before they were incinerated, shuffled the pan like some head chef from Paris and then layered the bread with them. 
“The secret of this masterpiece, Joe, is to smother the whole damn thing with brown sauce. And there we have it. A feast fit for a king.”
We sat at the kitchen table and I was half way through my sandwich before Joe had even touched his. The feeding tube that had popped out of his mouth hovered over the sandwich, and one of the tiny tentacles around its rim was prodding at the bread with the same enthusiasm a food critic would have for an offering from a Calcutta backstreet stall. His eyes looked up at me, then back at the sandwich and he did a little shudder that must have been a Martian sigh. And then, with reckless abandonment, his feeding tube opened out to the size of a dinner plate, and the whole sandwich was gone. Just like that.
“Damn, Joe. You don’t mess about, do you?”
Joe leaned back in the chair and belched so loud it swept my hair back. I took it to be a compliment. “You enjoyed that then, eh?”
“Crap.”
“That’s gratitude for you,” I said.
“No. Must crap.”
“Oh. I see. Okay. You know where the bathroom is. Just, you know, off you go.”
“Outside.”
“What?” I wasn’t sure about this at all. I mean, what would Mrs Willis next door say, if she saw a Martian taking a crap in my back garden? If nothing else, it would be something different for them to talk about at the over sixties club. “Are you sure? Couldn’t you just…” I nodded towards the bathroom door. 
“Outside.”
“Okay. Keep your hair on.”
“No hair.”
“I meant, just do whatever it is you must do. Just be…discreet will you?” He was through the back-door before I’d finished. More than twenty minutes had passed by the time he came back.
“Constipation?”
“Not crap like you.”
“I guess not. I made a brew while you were outside.” 
We sat a while, sipping tea. Joe only drank a little. “I got the fire going in the lounge as well. No point in being cold.”
Joe made himself comfortable again on the sofa and he watched the flames dance in the log-burner. I wondered if I was going to find some strangely coloured pile of something on my lawn in the morning. For some inexplicable reason, I figured it wasn’t going to be the regulation brown.
“Why you not got woman?”
“We’ve done that one,” I reminded him. “I had a woman. We finished.”
“Why no new woman?”
“You’ve got a one track mind,” I said with a sigh. “You’ve travelled God knows how far to find out about men and women.” I looked at him, and four wayward excuses for eyes looked back expectantly at me. “I can’t help thinking there’s more to this than scientific curiosity. Give it to me straight, Joe. Are you and your kind planning some kind of mass invasion of this planet?”
Once the translator finished hissing, Joe’s eyes pointed disbelievingly at the ceiling, and a throaty cackle of laughter came back at me. “If we destroyed all of you, what would we do for fun?”
Although reassuring, there was something fundamentally disturbing in that comment. In one sentence, Joe had let it slip that, should they choose to, they could wipe us out without breaking into a sweat, and, even more of a worry, the reason they didn’t, was because they found the human race so sufficiently entertaining, we would be allowed to continue our miserable existence. I had the bizarre idea of a roomful of Martians, eating live maggoty things off a tray, watching the latest episode of my life as if it was the Flintstones or something. I just hoped the ratings didn’t slip.
“I’m glad you think I’m amusing.”
“I…admire you,” he said.
This was a new twist. Never having seen much that’s admirable about humans, particularly myself, this was a concept I had difficulty with.
“Why? Because we are resilient individuals, inventive and resourceful?” Even as I said it, I knew I was grasping at straws.  
“It is true. No matter how much crap you self-inflict, you succeed in clawing your way to the top of it.”
I don’t get many compliments and when someone, even a Martian, gives me a merit badge for being the one who sticks the national flag into a dung heap, I will happily pin it on my chest. “Thanks, Joe. It’s nice to have my finer qualities recognised. I suppose I’ve always been tenacious, even when…”
“But why do you cause yourselves so many problems?” Joe asked, deflating me at a stroke. I wasn’t too sure if he meant just me, in which case he was right on the money, or all humans, which meant, damn it, he was right on the money. 
“The greatest thinkers throughout our history have speculated on that,” I told him. “That and which came first…”
“…chicken or egg?”
“Exactly. But if it helps, we have a saying. If it doesn’t kill you, it makes you stronger.”
“Meaning?”
“Damned if I know, Joe. It just seemed appropriate.” 
The clock on the wall above the fireplace informed me it was now seventeen minutes past three. But this was ridiculous. Only a couple of minutes had elapsed since this crazy episode had begun. Perhaps the clock had stopped; the batteries had run down at last. My watch, a reliable, bomb proof Casio, was on the table in front of me. I had left it there before going to bed. The LCD display agreed with the Roman numerals of the clock on the wall. A chill ran through my entire body. Somehow, it seemed, Joe had the ability to slow time down to a crawl.
This diminutive, sickly yellow, four eyed visitor was not to be underestimated. 
“Doesn’t time fly when you’re enjoying yourself?” I muttered. 
“You could all live much easier lives if you so wished,” Joe said, ignoring my grumblings. “My impression is that you choose not to. Why?”
“A good question and very good observation. I’m not too sure I could give you a good answer to it though, not one that made much sense.”
“Do people enjoy suffering?”
I thought about this. “A tiny percentage called masochists gets off on having pain inflicted. I never saw the point of that, actually. I certainly don’t like pain myself. It hurts.”
“I was thinking more of emotional pain rather than physical. I suspect the percentage of humans that derive some pleasure or satisfaction in this is far higher, am I correct?”
“You’ve learnt well, Grasshopper.”
“I have four limbs. I am not insect.” 
Joe hadn’t taken offence, I figured, merely ensuring I hadn’t gotten the wrong idea about him. 
“Sorry, Joe, you have to forgive my perverse sense of humour. It gets me in trouble all the time.”
“I struggle with this thing you call humour. What is a joke?”
This might be easier. “Humour tends to be a release mechanism. We need to let off steam now and again, and humour is a relatively harmless way of doing this. Jokes are merely the way we express our humour.”
He nodded, causing his eye stalks to wave on the top of his head. It was both repulsive and fascinating to watch. “But you say your humour gets you in trouble?”
“On occasions,” I said. “Sometimes my jokes are taken too seriously and misunderstood. Not just my jokes, you see, but everybody’s jokes can backfire. What I might find funny might piss somebody else off completely. And visa versa.”
“Tell me a joke.”
“What?”
“A joke, so that I may understand.”
“Oh, God.” I couldn’t believe I was sitting here, trying to tell a joke to an alien from space. “Okay. There was this bloke, sitting on a camel…no, you’d never get that one. Right, try this one. A Martian walks into a bar in New York, right? And the barman said… this’ll kill you, Joe, he said…the real estate agents convention is next door. Get it, Joe?” reading expressions from Joe’s face was like de-scaling a dragon. Impossible. No reaction. “See, the barman thought…Joe, if you have to explain them, it’s a waste of time.”
“I do understand,” said Joe, “You are inferring real estate agents look like …me.”
“Well…”
“I am much better looking.” When he said that, he rocked back and forth on the sofa, his eye stalks flopping about all over the place and the most maniacal laughter crackled out of the translator. “Funny?” he asked when he’d settled down again.
I was also laughing, more at Joe’s over the top convulsions to his own joke rather than the corny offering itself. “You’re getting the hang of it. When you get back home, you’ll be a sensation.”
“Why do you drink?”
I was beginning to dread Joe’s questions. They seemed to come from such diverse tangents and with a barb that stung me deeply. Looking down at the empty tumbler on the table, I realised that I had indeed been thinking of getting another drink for me at least and who could tell, maybe another for my guest.
“It’s the way I am, Joe. Not good, not bad, just me.” I picked up the glass, turned it around in my hand, letting the light reflect its pretty innocent patterns from the deeply etched moulded surface. Right then, I needed a drink more than anything else in the world. Wasn’t it reasonable enough, under the circumstances? I was, after all, dealing with a most unusual situation, and, patting myself metaphorically on the back, doing a damn good job of it. 
“Maybe it’s because I’m a writer,” I offered, lamely. Writing clichés is bad enough; living them is unforgivable. Even so, there was a modicum of truth in it. “You see,” I laboured bravely on, “Creative people are …different. We think differently from the others. And…” was this just crap or could I claw my way out of this pit of lies. “We think on many levels…” God, it was getting worse. “Sometimes, we crave substance abuse of one kind or another, to draw out this creativity.” There, I’d said it. I had put my hand inside my chest, grabbed my still beating heart and wrenched it out for all the world to see. Belching out this lie didn’t absolve me from my guilt.
“So, destroying your brain and internal organs with alcohol, releases your creative ability?”
“Yes, no, oh stuff you, you…” I couldn’t deny Joe’s logic. “It isn’t as simple as that.”
Joe nodded, causing his eye stalks to wave rhythmically. “I know. That is why I came here.”
“Would you care to zap a few brain cells and blitz your liver, assuming you have one?”
“What?”
“Would you like another drink, my Martian friend?”
“I thought you’d never ask.”
I poured us both another shot of bourbon. A smaller one for Joe. I wasn’t yet ready to kill off my space travelling drinking buddy. He took the tumbler from me, holding it in the tip of his tentacle. As previously, he studied the glass before the thing from his mouth snaked out and sucked up the bourbon. With the glass empty, the thin trunk disappeared back into his mouth and I couldn’t help but notice a slight smacking together of what were probably his lips. The little yellow devil had enjoyed his booze.
“Remember to pick up some duty free before you take off,” I suggested.
I sipped my drink, savouring the warm familiarity of it. Creative crap aside, I needed reassurance. The bourbon was now my anchor on normality. Ironic, really, as it was normally my escape from all things mundane and normal.
“No money,” Joe said. “Not buy alcohol.”
I had this depressing idea of me going to live on Mars, with damn all to do and no bourbon with which to deaden the pain.
“You lot must do something on your planet. C’mon Joe, enlighten me.”
He paused a moment and then said, “We think.”
It was the way he said it that I found disturbing. I mean humans think, even I think; too much for my own good sometimes. But I sensed a deeper significance to Joe’s remark. I was sure he meant, you humans think, but we Martians really think. Was that it?
“About what, Joe? Tell me what you think about.”
Another pause. “We …connect…with each other. Our thoughts multiply and grow. Our intelligence becomes unlimited.”
This was one hell of a concept to grasp. “You mean all of you? Everyone on the planet…sort of…links up together with your minds?”
“You would enjoy the experience. Your mind goes on journeys an individual could not imagine.”
I was beginning to understand. “This is why you don’t have booze or anything else. You all get off on, well, just being together, joining your minds, your thoughts.”
“With our minds as one, we also grow as individuals. Our intelligence increases and our wisdom, too.”
“Wow. I can see that that would be an amazing experience. It sounds incredibly beautiful, Joe.” The more I thought about it, its purity, its simplicity, the more beautiful it became. It had that whole, ‘I see rainbows in the evening’, sort of purity. “Tell me about it, Joe, help me understand.” 
At the back of my mind, something nagged to remind me, this is possibly the first and only chance given to humans to converse with a being from another planet. Its significance was not lost on me and I would be a fool to let the opportunity go without trying to extract from it every morsel of information I could. After all, wasn’t Joe doing exactly that to me?
“I do not have your skill as a writer to put images into words,” he admitted, “But I will try.” He said nothing for sometime, and his eye stalks examined every nook and cranny of my modest living room, looking at everything but seeing nothing. “Imagine…being in conversation with your closest friend, talking deeply of some far reaching philosophy, something abstract but engaging. And then, another friend joins in, adding his or her own experience and ideas. And then more friends join in and suddenly, your whole world is a frenzy of debate. It becomes a tangible and exciting event.” He paused and studied me again. “I doubt if you would survive the experience.”
He didn’t elaborate, and I could only surmise the meaning of his statement. Did I, as a mere human, not have the mental capacity to be a part of such an event? Was our intelligence so far behind that of the Martians that to take part would destroy our minds? I didn’t pursue it because I feared the answer would depress me too much. 
“And I thought you were boring,” I said. “Do you regard us…me as primitive?”
“An interesting question. As a race, you are capable of great achievements. But…”
“I knew there’d be a but.”
“But also, you are capable of being obscene and grotesque. You make barbarism into an art-form. We find your capacity for atrocity unbelievable.”
I picked up on the ‘we’. Obviously, Joe wasn’t the only one keeping an eye, or in his case, lots of eyes on us. “Nobody's perfect,” I reminded him. “When you go home, you know, back to Mars,” I nodded towards the ceiling, with no particular idea if that was the correct direction, “Not that I’m trying to get rid of you, mind, what makes you think I won’t tell the authorities here all about you? You realise I will, of course?”
The slit where his mouth might have been puckered a little and I imagined that to be a wry smile. A sort of, you don’t know anything, little smile. “Could I allow that to happen?” he asked, frankly.
An unpleasant tingling sensation stroked my spine like a wicked call-girl with a perverted sense of humour and a feather duster. (Now that was a night.) With my heightened tendency towards paranoia, always my permanent cross to bear, I naturally considered the worst of all possible options. Scenarios played rapidly through my mind, and they nearly all ended with me becoming a pile of grey ash on my living-room carpet, and Joe standing over me with a smoking ray gun in his tentacle. From which part of his naked anatomy he was to produce this weapon of my destruction, I had absolutely no idea. So terrifyingly clear was the image I saw with my minds eye I had to shake my head vigorously to remove it. 
“You will not remember even meeting me, when I have gone.”
I liked that. It sounded a hell of a lot more upbeat than having my atoms fried. I could live with forgetting all about Joe and our conversation. 
“Fair enough. A pity in a way, though. It would make a good book, all this.”
“E.T.”
“You watched E.T.?” 
“We all did.”
I couldn't help wondering if Joe and his kind cried at the sad bits, dabbing tissues at all four eyes.
“I must go,' he said. 'Air not good.”
“I haven't farted,' I assured him.
“Your air not good for me too long.”
“Well. Its been inter....”
The little joker had gone. Just damn vanished.
“Hmm. I got news for you, space cowboy. I still remember everything.' He suddenly came back. But he wasn't where he'd been sitting. He was by the bourbon. His tentacle wrapped around it.
“Bye,” he said. Then he was gone. 
Who was gone? Something had gone. What had gone? I had the most peculiar feeling, something had happened but I couldn't put my finger on it. I needed a drink. There was an empty space where the bottle had been. I really have to cut down.

Story 10
Man of Iron
They were full of advice and Janet Hawthorne was regretting asking them for any at all. She felt uncomfortable enough as it was, sitting in the corner of the bar sipping some peculiar tasting cocktail that Rose Morrison insisted on getting her. 
“Loosen you up a bit, girl,” Rose had declared, as she’d placed the blue coloured liquid in front of her. Janet eyed the concoction suspiciously, and wondered how on earth she was going to drink whatever it was with the tiny umbrella, the cherry on a pick and a plastic thing shaped like a walking stick, all promising to leave permanent scarring on her face. Janet took the lead from Rose and removed the umbrella, ate the cherry and then finally giving the cloudy blue mixture a swish round with the walking stick. The first tentative sip had made Janet wince. It tasted bitter and she wished she’d stuck to her guns and had the orange juice she normally drank.
As if reading her mind, Martha Williams said, “revolting muck. I don’t know how you can drink it.”
Martha was sticking to her gin and tonic that she’d drank since she’d turned twenty and that was a good many G and T’s ago.
“Some of us like a bit of variety in our lives,” said Rose. “Some of us aren’t still living in the sixties.”
Martha hit right back with, “And some of us know our age. If that mini skirt was any shorter, it would be a belt.” She said it doing a bit of a thing with her lips as if she was sucking lemons. That was another dig at the embarrassingly short skirts Rose wore. This was in spite of being sixty-seven, with short legs with the fat ankles and her size sixteen figure. 
Rose deliberately crossed her legs, showing far more of her plump thighs than was appropriate. “If you've got it, flaunt it, I always say.”
Janet took another cautious sip. “I ... I’m getting used to it.”
“Good on you, girl. It’ll put hair on your chest,” Rose said with that phlegm filled smokers laugh she had. She wriggled her ample posterior onto her chair.
Janet shuddered at the thought of having a hairy chest. She had avoided growing hair there for sixty five years, and she had no intention of starting at her time of life.            
“Anyway,' Rose said, “This is nice, eh, Janet? It’s about time you came out with us again and had a night on the town.”
“Is that what we’re doing?” sniffed Martha. “If sitting in the bar of the Spit and Bucket on a Friday night is your idea of having a night out, you’re easily pleased.”
Rose ignored the remark and returned to the main topic of the evening. “As we were saying, Janet, this bloke you’ve got your eye on. You say he actually asked you out?”
Janet glanced quickly at Martha and then sheepishly at Rose. Behind Rose’s thick rimmed glasses, green eyes studied Janet’s face as she waited for the reply.
“Well, not in so many words. More of a suggestion, really. He’d been in a few times before. I kind of got the impression he was a bit shy. There were other customers waiting, so I suppose it was a little awkward for him.”
Janet worked part-time in the corner shop a few hours a week to boost up her meagre pension. It also got her out of the house and gave purpose to her otherwise dull life. The youngest of the three widows at sixty-five, Janet was the only one still working.
“I’m surprised the chap could contain himself, with you stood behind the sweet counter in your pinafore,” chuckled Martha, “I bet he was a seething cauldron of burning desire, ready to burst with passion at any moment.” She read far too many books bound by pink covers with pictures of young couples about to ravish one another. “Besides. He could be married.”
“That’s what I’m asking you two about,” Janet reminded them. “How can I tell? I don’t want to make a fool of myself.”
“Was he wearing a wedding ring?” asked Rose.
“No.”
“That doesn’t mean much,” said Martha, swirling the last drop of her gin and tonic in the bottom of the glass. This was accompanied with meaningful looks at Janet to see if the timid little wallflower would actually make it all the way to the bar and get a round in. There was always a first time. “My Gordon never wore a ring. He always said it was dangerous, working with machinery in the factory. He saw a bloke have his finger ripped right off once. He caught his wedding ring in the drill press and ... whoosh, off it went, clean as a whistle. They never did find it. Mind you, they did have a cat.”
“Charming,” said Rose. “Still, you’re right. A ring doesn’t mean he is or he isn’t.”
“Well, how else can I tell?”
“Ironing,” said Martha.
“What?” said Janet.
“It’s a well known fact. Blokes can’t iron. And those that can are either, you know, gay, or have been brought up mommy’s boys. Neither much use to you, Janet.” 
“How do you mean, exactly?” Janet still couldn’t make the connection. 
With a sigh, Martha put down her empty glass. “I never knew a real bloke who could iron a shirt. My Gordon, bless him, he had a go if I was ill or something. A right
mess he’d make of it. He always had trouble with the shoulders. It didn’t matter how many times I showed him how to do it, the shoulders always had creases in them. Hopeless.”
Rose had to admit there was some merit in Martha’s suggestion. “So if a man is wearing a shirt with creased shoulders, it means he isn’t gay, not a mommy’s boy and probably not married? Did you look at his shoulders by any chance, Janet?”
“Of course not. I mean, they were broad and muscular looking….”
“Oooh,” exclaimed Martha, a faraway look in her eyes. “... He stood there tall and dark with his broad, muscular shoulders, straining at his un-ironed shirt ...”
“You need to get a life, girl,” said Rose. “But she does have a point. I never met a man who could iron a shirt, either.”
It was at seven-thirty the next morning when Janet entered the corner shop. It had only taken a couple of minutes to walk there in her brisk manner from her modest home; along the main street of the one horse town she’d lived in since she had been a little girl. She was glad to get into the cool air of the shop from the heat that was already building up. It was promising to be a long hot summer.
“Morning, Janet,” came the cheery greeting from within.
Helen Fitzeherbert was serving one of the locals with his morning paper and his cigarettes. 
“Morning, Janet,” echoed the man. Everybody knew everyone else in their little community. 
“Morning Helen. Morning George. How’s the new hip?” Janet asked, taking her pinafore that was hanging on the hook on the storeroom door. The question was rhetorical but she got George Harper’s usual response.   
“It hasn’t dropped off yet.” 
George had been the local school bus driver for years before he had to pack it in because of his arthritic hip. After the operation, he was as good as new, but the bus company still pensioned him off two years before his time. Like a lost soul, he still followed his daily routine, with the exception of driving the bus. He left the shop with a forced smile, and his newspaper tucked under his arm.
“Poor old devil,” said Helen. 
She slipped out to the stockroom to put the kettle on. Like George, the two women had their routine. And that was having a cup of tea and a biscuit before the ‘rush hour’ between eight and nine.
“He was in again after you’d left,” Helen called out.
“Who was?”
“That bloke you fancy.”
Janet felt her face flush. “Don’t be ridiculous, Helen. I don’t fancy anybody.” She took the mug of tea and the biscuit from one of the packets with the expired date. “Anyway, what did he say?”
“Ah. Got you. You know exactly who I’m talking about and you are interested.” Helen teased Janet by drinking half her tea before answering. “He didn’t say a lot. He seems a little quiet and shy. But he was looking all around the shop and he seemed disappointed that you’d gone home. He told me he’s Steve Jones’s father. You 
know, the chap who has the welding shop out of town. He’s just moved in with him.”
“Is that all he told you?”
“That was all he said to me. Well, he was hardly going to tell me his life history, now was he?”
“But ... how do you know he was looking for me?” 
Helen gave Janet a knowing smile. “He didn’t buy anything.”
Janet spent the rest of the day keeping busy, stocking the shelves and serving the customers. Although the work got done, her mind kept wandering off in other directions. There was always something to do in the shop. She couldn’t help but look closely at all the male customers shirts, particularly the shoulders, putting Martha’s theory to the test. Being a hot day, nobody wore sweaters or coats, so she had plenty of men's shirts to look at. Just quick little glances; nothing obvious. As she knew most of the customers well, she was able to match the standard of ironing to their marital status. She was quite surprised at the accuracy of the theory. 
With this new dimension to her working day, the time fled by. It was a few minutes to three and she was about to take off her pinafore to go home, when the door chime announced another customer. Her heart skipped a beat as Mr Jones senior walked in. He was about her own age and there was something in the manner he carried himself and his rugged but distinguished face. Looking for something to buy, he picked up a newspaper and placed it on the counter. Instinctively she scrutinised his shoulders. She was disappointed to see no creases anywhere.
“Is something the matter?” he asked.  
Flustered, Janet stuttered, “Sorry. I ... I was just admiring your shirt.”
“Oh. Actually, it’s a new one. I was fed up of walking around like a scruff.” He leaned closer over the counter and whispered, “Between you and me, I can’t iron for toffee.”   
  
Hi. I hope you have enjoyed those. Be sure to look out for my books By me, Shannon Le'Vin
and my male self, Gary Weston.











   
   

   
  

   
   
