Balls

By Tommy Dakar
Published by Tommy Dakar at Smashwords 2011
OTHER BOOKS BY THE SAME AUTHOR

The Trap-Door

A World Apart and Other Stories

For more information visit www.wix.com/tommydakar/tommydakar



3



‘Cut his balls off!’

‘What?’

Ronald stared at his brother in disbelief.

‘Cut his fucking balls off!’

The waiting room at Burton General Hospital had no door so Daphne had mounted nervous guard. The coast was clear.

‘What the hell are you on about? Spit it out for Christ’s sake before somebody comes in,’

then added under pressure from his wife’s angry glare

‘And mind your language.’

Ken took a deep breath and started to tell the story in a slow, monotonous way as if he were reciting it for the hundredth time to an insistent detective.

‘He went into the hills three days ago. The police were alerted, a search mounted, but he wasn’t found. This morning he staggered into the doctor’s surgery in Nutswood and fainted. He’d lost a lot of blood, so they rushed him here where they discovered that, that he’d cut his ....... testicles off. That’s all I know.’

They took it in turns to show their astonishment and anguish. Kenneth sat down, his mission completed, and waited for the couple to compose themselves. Ron ran his hands through his well-trimmed hair and sighed a lot, while Daphne, out of courtesy, decided to feign shock, though really she was not in the least surprised.

‘They’ve stitched him up and he’s out of danger. They’ll keep him in for observation, but he should be allowed out in a few days. They want him to see a psychiatrist. Or a psychologist. I don’t know.’

Ron had got over the shock by now. He liked to think that he looked life full in the face and was capable of responsible action in the most adverse circumstances. He returned to his old self. He would need to know all the facts, and quickly, before he could decide how best to react.

‘How do you mean? Did he do it to himself? That’s impossible, isn’t it? I thought it was like trying to drown yourself. How did he do it? With a knife, a pair of scissors, a sharp stone? I wouldn’t put it past him, mad bastard’.

‘Ronald.’

‘Well he...’

He was about to defend himself, but the memory of domestic punishment as relayed by his better half’s stern gaze pulled him up, and he had the good sense to stop and apologise. 

‘Sheepshearers.’

Explained Ken.

‘What sheepshearers for heaven’s sake’

inquired Daphne.

‘What he used to lop them off with.’

‘Sheepshears. Not sheepshearers. Sheepshearers are the men who shear sheep. They use sheepshears.’

She was a teacher.

‘Where on earth did he get hold of those? Really, it’s just too absurd .... Ken, he’s our kid brother,’

Ron added illogically.

Daphne was biting the inside of her lips, and her bag kept falling off her shoulder, requiring her constant attention. 

‘Sit down, dear,’

suggested Ron.

‘No thank you.’

It was better not to insist.

‘What time did he do it?’

‘No idea.’

‘Well was it today or yesterday or what?’

‘I don’t know, today I suppose.’

‘”Today I suppose”. For heaven’s sake don’t you know anything? Poor little kid’s gone and, and mutilated himself and you know nothing. Didn’t you ask? Didn’t you think to...? Well, didn’t the police say anything, or the doctors?’

Ken looked hard at his brother as if to say 'don’t start', so Ron stood up, smoothed down his suit and declared that if you wanted anything doing you’d best do it yourself, as usual, adding that he was the only one who did anything round there, and with a stoical sigh went off with his faithful assistant in search of more information. It wasn’t long before they were back.

‘Typical. The place is deserted. There’s some dozy receptionist whose job it is to know absolutely nothing, but apart from that the place is deserted. Which ward’s he in?’

Ken couldn’t remember the technical term but he wasn’t going to let his brother see that.

‘It’s along the corridor, then first left. Carry on to the end, follow round a sort of curvy bit with lots of dirty laundry and you come to a flight of stairs. Go past those and it’s one of the doors along there. Swing doors, you can’t miss it.’

It worked of course. Ron was a man who liked to think that he could memorise a secret message in a matter of seconds and then eat it. He was competent. But not stupid.

‘Aren’t you coming? I think it would be nice if we all went along together, don’t you dear?’


A hospital is no place for high heels, and the rhythmic stomping of Daphne’s feet filled the corridor with a deafening clacking sound like somebody learning to type with two fingers while sitting in a large metal bucket. Ken slouched along looking bored, lost in his thoughts, while Ronald brought up the rear in a distinguished way he’d perfected over the years.

On their left a pristine white wall studded with serious, clearly marked doors whose entry was strictly forbidden, on their right an abandoned interior patio which used to be where the patients would convalesce but was now a mass of dry weeds and forlorn stainless steel instruments of dubious function dulled by the rain, odd looking apparatus with handles and footplates and overhead frames thankfully fallen into disuse.

They knew when they had reached the stairs because there was a simplistic drawing which represented a flight of steps nailed to the wall. Its aim was to be helpful and unambiguous, but ended up by assuming that the illiterate and the foreign were simple-minded idiots who wouldn’t recognise a staircase if they saw one. Daphne, who had an eye for detail, noticed that it had been hung upside down. She was not surprised; it only helped confirm her theory that the vast majority of the human race was incompetent.

There were three more beds in the room, and as they entered the patients and their respective relatives all stopped talking and looked round at them, anxious to catch a glimpse of the Mad Boy’s family. Ken, who had been through this before, pretended to take no notice and made straight for his brother’s bed. Ronald and Daphne, in an attempt at appearing unflustered, walked stiffly past the gawking onlookers as if there was no one there at all.

‘Good afternoon’

came a voice from somewhere or other.

‘Afternoon,’

coughed Ron in reply, without turning round.

Paul was asleep. His skin was pale with a touch of yellowness about it, and there were dark smudges under his eyes as if his make-up had run.

‘I want him out of here and in a private room as soon as possible,’

Ron hissed.

‘He’s asleep,’

responded Ken, stating the obvious.

‘I can see that. He should be in a room on his own,’

Daphne underlined.

‘Do they...?’

Ron gestured to the other patients.

‘....know? Know that he...?’

‘Looks that way.’

‘For heaven’s sake!’

‘This is just, just.....Bloody hell!’

Paul slept on.

‘Well, what are we going to do, then? Eh? He can’t stay here. Everybody will find out, and then what, eh? He can’t stay here.’

Ron was beside himself.

‘Let’s talk to the doctors. Get him a room by himself.  Poor boy.’

She had never been able to sound very sincere.

‘Well, someone’s got to stay here for when he comes round. Why don’t you two do the string pulling and I’ll sit guard. OK?’

‘Good idea. Come on, Ronald, it’s obvious that we’ll have to do the sorting out or all hell will be let loose.’

‘You’re right. Wait here until we come back. Let’s see if we can’t at least get him out of here, away from all these nosey....’

He trailed off to avoid the swear word. 

‘Come on, we’ll start with the staff nurse or whatever she calls herself nowadays,’

and they hurried off as fast as they could without giving the impression of haste..



Back home Ken wondered how on earth he was going to explain it to Jill. Should he be nonchalant, ‘darling, he’s only castrated himself, nothing to worry about’, or let her have it bit by bit, going from badly scratched, through nastily cut, to amputation? And what about the kids, what could he possibly say to them? ‘He’s had an accident with his bike’? And Jill would quiz him, would want to know all the tiny details, everything he should have noticed but hadn’t, every exact word of every conversation he couldn’t remember. But the worst of it was that she would think it ran in the family, that the Kavanaghs were all just a bit odd, not quite right in the head. Nuts. Dad disappearing like that all those years ago. Ron with his airs and graces. And her husband, she would no doubt begin to ask herself? What did he hide under his overalls? If he wasn’t careful she’d start to think he’d passed it on to Robbie and Susan too! 

‘Christ, what a mess.’

Ken loved his younger brother albeit in a theoretical way, but at that moment he could have killed him.

Jill came down with her ‘uniform’ on – a shabby track suit she refused to throw out because it was fine for indoors. It was now or never.

   
‘He’s gone and cut his balls off!’


He almost burst into laughter, but managed to hold himself back. It certainly sounded like a joke. Jill stared back. Ken wasn’t famous for his sense of humour, but…

‘No, really, that’s why he’s in hospital. He did it. To himself. Snip. Lopped them off.’

Jill continued stared back. She couldn't quite link his words with any suitable reaction. Her brown hair hung limp on either side of her plump cheeks, as if also lost for words.

‘Honest. It’s true, straight up. Don’t ask me why. But he’s alright, he’s going to be alright, he’s just lost loads of blood and so they had to stitch him up, but he’s alright, he’s going to be alright.’

Jill was quickly coming back to her senses. She tucked her hair behind her ears and sniffed. Like Ron she would have to have all the details. Unfortunately that was an almost impossible task. The questions would now come thick and fast, and poor Ken just didn’t have the answers. 

‘Is there any infection?’

A shrug

‘How did he do it?’

‘With sheepshears’

He was a quick learner.

‘How much blood has he lost? Who found him? Did they take him to the hospital in an ambulance, or in somebody’s car?’

She stopped abruptly.

‘What did you say? Sheepshears? For heaven’s sake. Where did he get those from? What does Ron think of all this? Tell me exactly what he said? Can he walk?’

The interrogation had begun. What did the doctors say? What is the treatment? Has he got a change of clothes? What are the visiting times? How long will he have to stay in? Has he seen a psychiatrist? Ken would do his best, but he did not have the ability to remember whole conversations by heart, or to capture every minor detail in each separate scene. She realised she would have to go herself.  Not out of nosiness, you understand, but rather as a fact finding mission. 




Ron sat at the steering wheel while Daphne stared out of the side window idly watching the town glide past. Which is how they saw their relationship – both going in the same direction but with their minds on different subjects. Ronald competent, concentrating on getting through the various hazards the road presented, Daphne more concerned with looking good, being carried in style, with time on her hands to idly watch the town glide past. They wouldn’t swap positions for the world.

Daphne felt insulted by her brother-in-law’s lunacy. It was so selfish. How she hated selfish people. Didn’t they realise that their actions affected others, too? It’s all very well going around chopping off whatever you want, she supposed, though it was to her a strange way of calling attention to yourself, but why hadn’t he stopped for a moment to think how it would affect them? It’s like those stupid kids who put rings through their lips and heaven knows where else. Attention seeking, but how their poor mothers suffered. Of course, he never was right in the head. On drugs, I fear. Or maybe he was just born mad. Sheepshears! My God, the thought of it! If word of this ever gets out..... 

Ron seemed to have read her thoughts. 

‘Not a word of this to anyone, Daphne. Not a word. Not a soul.’

‘What makes you think that I’d want to go round telling everybody that my dear brother-in-law has mutilated himself in such a way?’

‘I was thinking of your group.’

‘I haven’t got the slightest intention of letting them in on our sordid family secrets, believe me.’

That hurt, but he decided not to respond, he didn’t feel up to a word fight with Daphne just now.

They drove on in silence for a few miles, and it wasn’t until they were drawing near to home that Daphne, who had been imagining the worst, advised

‘You’d better phone Kenneth when you get in. It’s just like him to go blabbing about it in the pub, you know what he’s like.’

Another insult to his family. He swallowed it, too, because in reality he agreed with her. Paul was a weirdo and Ken couldn’t keep his mouth shut about anything. Neither could Jill, come to that. What a pair!

‘As soon as we get in.’

‘Poor Jill,’

sighed Daphne, though she couldn’t stand her. Ron smiled. At least he could count on his wife to keep up appearances if nothing else. And unless he was very much mistaken discretion at this point was vital.

Once inside Ron helped himself to a double whisky despite Daphne’s frown. Today of all days he felt justified. Picking up on his exceptionally rebellious attitude she refrained from making a comment, limiting herself to raising her eyebrows towards the phone. Ron nodded, took a sip and wondered why he’d poured himself so much – he’d have to finish it all now or lose face. It would probably make him sleepy and sluggish in thought, apart from burning a tunnel deep down into his stomach. Stupid bloody kid.

‘Jill? It’s me, Ronald.’

‘Out of danger according to Dr. Milton, and he should know, apart from being one of our very good friends he’s one of the best....’

He trailed off, unsure what Dr. Milton’s speciality was.

‘Yes, I know, well I don’t think it matters much, he was unconscious anyway.’

‘Uh-huh.’

‘I’m not sure, but we’ll try, after lunch is always tricky for us, as you know.’

‘Thanks.’

‘Yes, put him on, thanks.’

‘At home. No, just to remind you that this should remain between us, you know, a family affair.’

He thought he heard Daphne snort behind him.

‘No, of course not, come on, you know me. It’s just.....’

‘Alright, alright. Tomorrow. But not a word, eh.’

He turned slightly towards Daphne and she spotted it.

‘No, don’t be silly. Do you think we want the whole world to know?’

‘Christ, I hope not! You don’t think....’

This time he turned round and stared at his wife pleadingly.

‘No, I hadn’t thought of that. Maybe one of us should stay with him all night in case he comes round.’

‘I’d love to, but how can I? Can’t Jill?’

‘I’ll phone you back in, say, half an hour. I hope you’re wrong.’

And he hung up dramatically as if he’d already read the script.

‘Well?’

He took another obligatory swig.

‘Ken reckons that if word gets round the village where he was found it’ll make its way into the local paper, and from there... who knows?’

Daphne hadn’t thought of that either, but she liked to give the impression that nothing took her by surprise. So she said coolly.

‘Logical, it’s not every day somebody castrates himself without anaesthetic before staggering into town. It’ll get into the papers unless...’

‘Unless what?’

He was anxious, but she didn’t have the answer, so she added

‘Exactly. Unless what?’

Thereby returning the ball to his side of the court, which is where it belonged after all. Wasn’t he the driver?

‘Ken suggests one of us stays with him all night in case he comes round and some nosey reporter’s on the scene hoping for a scoop.’

He had laid this suggestion at Ken’s door unconsciously as there was a chance Daphne would consider it ridiculous. She didn’t, and now it would be virtually impossible to reclaim.

‘Good idea. Who?’

Her pursed lips advised caution.

‘Well, that’s what we’ve got to decide. Jill’s the obvious choice, but then who takes the kids to school? Ken has to be at work at eight.’

Round about ways to avoid asking her straight out, to give her the chance to offer her services which he knew she would never do. She would shrug her shoulders and force him to ask, it was her way.

‘Can’t the kids have the day off school?’

‘That would cause more problems than it would solve. They’d want to know why, and anyway, who’d look after them at such short notice.’

‘And has she agreed to spend all night there? The children’ll wonder where she’s got to.’

‘They’re going to say he had a bicycle accident.’

She stubbornly refused to make things easier for him. He’s your brother, she seemed to be saying, do something. She left him no choice.

‘Well Jill’s offered to go, and if this gets into the papers I don’t think it will exactly make life much easier for either of us. Couldn’t you take the kids to school for once?’


It was the ‘for once’ that offended her. What did he mean by ‘for once’? Was it her fault they had no children of their own? Why did he have to ask her in that accusing tone, as if she were a worthless, lazy, good-for-nothing? Anyway, she had taken them to school on more than one occasion when Jill was down with ‘flu. She watched him through narrowed eyes as he about turned in the tiny space between the phone table and the back of the sofa, buttoning and unbuttoning his jacket and constantly smoothing down his tie over his six months pregnant stomach. Of course she’d take the rowdy little brats to school if it was one hundred percent necessary, but first let him squirm a little, beg a little. Not long enough for him to start thinking of threats, but long enough for her sacrifice to be truly appreciated.

‘Daphne, please. I told them I’d phone back in half an hour. What shall I say? They have to be there’

careful now, Ron

‘as you know, by nine o’clock. You can take the Rover if you prefer. That is...’

How much tact and diplomacy was needed with her! Christ, it’s not much to ask that she get up out of bed early for once. He was about to put his foot in it and warn her in no uncertain terms that it was for her own good that this ugly affair be kept out of the news, when she agreed.

‘Call them and tell them I’ll be there at eight forty-five. Sharp!’




It was with mixed feelings that Jill had accepted to look after her young brother-in-law. She had desperately wanted to get to the hospital to find out exactly what was going on, but she feared that having been landed with the night shift she would have little opportunity to quiz the doctors and nurses. A hospital at night is like a haunted monastery, full of shadows and whispers, and although she had done her best to investigate, she had been fobbed off with ‘best consult the doctor in the morning’ and the like.

Ron had got his way, as usual. He seemed to have contacts everywhere, and Paul had been moved into a private room, away from the gaping and gossiping of the public wards. From the third floor window she had a view of another hospital department directly in front of her, and below that, to the left, the entrance to the morgue, its bright neon lights reminding her of a bingo hall. A little further off a few trees had been placed in between dull buildings in a sloppy attempt at decoration, and the whole bleak scene was illuminated by tall yellowish lights reminiscent of motorways or railway sidings.

She wished she hadn’t chosen her pleated skirt. It may camouflage her midriff bulge, but after a whole night spent trying to get comfortable on a low-slung, black imitation leather armchair she would be a crumpled mess by the morning. Slacks. But somehow she had felt the need to come well dressed, an act of respect, she supposed. For the medical staff. Certainly not slacks, anyway. And what to do with her handbag? Hang it off the back of the armchair where it might fall, or place it on the floor beside the bed? No, not on the floor, the place would be swarming with superbugs as it was without asking for trouble. Finally she slipped it into a carrier bag she had brought along with her knitting and a few magazines she’d already read, and propped the lot on a beige radiator near the window.

Paul was asleep. Or sedated, she wasn’t sure. She could only see his profile, the rest of him was well tucked under stiff, once white sheets. He had that forlorn look that hospital patients always have, as if even in their unconscious state they felt sorry for themselves, a kind of why-did-it-have-to-be-me, like a tiny plea for pity. He stirred no pity in her, though. His hair was to blame, she had always hated it. It was wispy. Not curly, but curled, like a baby has curls, silly effeminate curls like Hamlet's, that reminded her of tormented souls and tights and affected lisps. Naturally she felt sorry for him, poor man, but it was a general sentiment she felt towards anyone who was ill, or disabled, or poor, or ugly. She wished them all the best, a quick recovery and better times to come. They would even be added to her prayer list if she remembered, because although she was not officially religious, she did have a sneak pray every so often, just in case. But this Paul, her husband’s brother, shouldn’t he spark off something, how to put it, something, she was repeating herself but how else to describe it, deeper? Maybe not what she felt when Susan or Robbie were ill, but ... Perhaps she was being too hard on him, too critical. She studied her recently manicured hands as if she were scrutinising her relationship with Paul. In future she would try to understand him better, would listen more carefully to what he believed .....

Another voice cut her short. It was her earthy, motherly, no-nonsense-please voice warning her that too much patience, too much indulgence, too much time-wasting with fanatics who refuse to return you the favour of listening to you, was not advisable. To back it up a number of snapshot memories of Paul on his high-horse, declaiming and proclaiming with his eyes rolling. You’d do a lot better finishing that cardigan and then getting what rest you can, she told herself. Things are as they are and there’s no point torturing yourself with the whys and the wherefores. 

She didn’t fancy knitting, deciding rather to re-flit through a silly magazine she’d only bought to while away the dull hours before the kids came home. Of course, even though it was a cruel thought, he only had himself to blame. She looked up at the bed from her low-slung position. Lying there like Jesus on his deathbed, or one of those stone tombs in ancient churches where the long dead knight lies on top of his coffin instead of inside it. Why would he want to do ... that .... to himself? She couldn’t help a furtive glance at where his groin would be under the bedclothes. With a shudder she returned to the false world of horoscopes and diets that was a carbon copy of every other ‘woman’s’ magazine she’d ever read. If it had been an accident perhaps she’d feel more, more sympathy. Yes, that was it. If he were a victim. But self-mutilation, good God, it makes your flesh crawl. And how to feel pity, smile gently and ask if he feels better? Bloody weirdo, she almost thought, but rushed to hush herself. Let’s not jump to conclusions, maybe he is a victim in a weird, I mean strange way. Anyway, what’s done is done and that’s that. Best put it all behind us and start afresh. As Ken says, while there’s life there’s hope.

She stared again at the bulge between his legs. Bandages, she supposed. Curiosity began to grow in her and she didn’t bother to check it, knowing that she would be unable to untuck the bedclothes and take a quick peek. Anyway, there was nothing to see, quite the opposite, only the wound where something had been, only something missing.
The little, square gold-faced watch told her it was almost midnight. The night nurse, (straight-faced, no hint of a snigger), had promised to pop in every two or three hours to see how he was, so she’d be round in a few minutes. She could get out into the corridor for a bit and stretch her legs, maybe even go for a coffee and fill her eyes with light, the sickly bedside lamp was beginning to depress her. Outside, the half silence of the city was occasionally accentuated by the routine hysteria of flashing ambulances bringing in regular truckloads of tragedy, giving her the impression that she was not in a hospital at all but at a pre-dawn meatmarket.

It could have something to do with their father, it suddenly occurred to her. And their mother, of course, though she wasn’t to blame. Ken often wondered about all that even though he tried to let sleeping dogs lie. But Paul had always been more susceptible to all that stuff. Maybe Ron’s been mixing it all up, who knows? They all give the impression of being so open about it all, but then you suddenly feel they’re being secretive. Over the years she had tried to put the pieces together, had quizzed him heaven knows how many times, but it was impossible to get a straight answer. What a family. Half the time I don’t think even they know what to think. She stood up to observe him better. He hadn’t moved an inch in all the time she’d been there. Was that normal? Shouldn’t he toss and turn, even a little bit, sigh and stir or at least twist his feet? Still, he was breathing regularly even if there wasn’t a drip. Shouldn’t there be a drip?  He was hot, hot yet dry. Was that alright? Where was the nurse? Gone twelve and no sign of her. She held her breath and listened. A door slammed somewhere to the right and a whirring sound she hadn’t noticed before filled the room. Heating. Ah, where are they now, eh? She meant his Mum and Dad. Can’t blame her, poor love, may she rest in peace. But where the devil is he? 

At first light, when the street lamps begin to feel a little superfluous and decide to call it a day one by one, Jill stretched and consulted her watch. Only a few hours to go. Ron had assured her that by ten o’clock everything would be ‘sorted out’, whatever that meant. Paul, incredibly, slept on. Did she want him to wake up before she left? In a way it would be nice to see him sit up and eat a little breakfast, but what would she say? Should she mention his ... wound? Crotch feeling better, Paul? What would he think of her being there? All night making sure he wasn’t bothered by some somnambulist reporter, probably a dreadful sight in her crumpled skirt.  How should she act? Solemn or cheerful? Secretly she hoped she could slip out unnoticed and unmentioned. Let them clear up their own mess. The kids would be up by now. She thought of Daphne and her impeccable car. I hope they behave themselves or we’ll never hear the end of it.

The door opened and a plump expressionless nurse with a boy’s haircut sauntered in.

‘How is he?’

A routine question she didn’t really expect an answer to. 

‘Oh, hello. Good morning. I don’t know. He hasn’t moved all night.’

At which, as if he had been waiting his cue, Paul gently opened his eyes. Jill stared at him in disbelief. Did he behave like this just to annoy? Had he been feigning sleep all that time? Had he been deliberately trying to avoid her?

‘Paul. How are you? You didn’t move.’

He stared at her morosely.

‘I’ve been here all night,’

she explained, but he just continued to stare. Had he recognised her? Did he suspect she was laughing at him? 

‘Would you mind stepping outside for a few minutes?’

Grateful for the opportunity to leave the room she wandered out into the corridor. Here life was different, well-lit and brisk with early morning activity, a constant, well-drilled coming and going which seemed to make much more sense than that damned brother-in-law of hers stretched on his bed like a zombie. Her bewilderment she shrugged off with the last dregs of drowsiness, and entered into the new day where she most definitely felt more at home. Now maybe she could hunt out someone who would be able to give her a few answers. As for Paul, he’ll be out in a few days. Until then somebody else can do the midnight vigil routine. If Ron’s so worried about his reputation let him spend the night slipping off an armchair. Or, better still, Daphne.




There had always been a touch of the frustrated artiste in Ron. Perhaps that helped to explain his goatee beard and his well-studied dress habits. Whenever he was delighted, or troubled, or on the verge of coming to a brilliant conclusion, he would begin to act, to behave as if he were part of a cheap TV soap opera or an expensive Hollywood drama. He had studied Law at university with the dream of becoming a famous, (or infamous, it didn’t matter much) defence lawyer, but his innate arrogance had turned him into a lazy student and his final results had been a little disappointing. Still, every cloud has a silver lining and Ron soon realised that his true calling was public office. It wasn’t much different from either court or stage, demanding rhetoric, postulation and above all pretence. Years of council meetings and public debates had made him extremely aware of his speech, its delivery more than its content, and of his body language. He knew when to stress a word, when to half close his eyes, when to fall into a whisper, when to hold his hands together in modern, geometric prayer (fingertips joined, fingers splayed, palms not touching). These professional tricks had now spilt over into his everyday life, as Daphne knew only too well, and he never missed an opportunity to demonstrate his skills. So when he eventually saw the headlines in the evening newspaper his wife was not at all surprised by his overreaction.

‘It’s splattered all over the front bloody page.’

throwing down the paper onto the sofa in false rage. A few about turns, brush imaginary sweaty hair off troubled brow, huff and puff, arms akimbo now on waist, strategically holding open the jacket he should have taken off but had kept on for effect, thus proudly showing off his beer belly as if it gave him more authority.

”Bloody” was alright. There were a number of minor swear words which Daphne had come to accept over the years. All the religious ones were fine, bloody hell, or for God’s sake, Christ knows or simply Jesus. Bloody, ruddy, bleeding. Oddly enough even twat, which she took to be a bastardisation of twit. Anything else was taboo, even balls if by that you meant...

She too had learnt her role. She couldn’t pay much attention to him as tonight was group night and she was ‘getting ready’, which basically entailed waltzing in and out of rooms looking for things that were not lost, toying with her clothes and touching up her appearance. The idea was to look busy, organised and just a mite flustered, at least enough for her to be able to claim that hers was not a hobby, not a pleasant pastime, but rather an unpaid thankless service to the community.

‘I told you’

she sighed.

He glared at her but she pretended she hadn’t noticed, examining her handbag instead.
He snatched up the paper again. These dramatic gestures were not always very effective, and although he had certainly gleaned some satisfaction from hurling the rag onto the sofa, he’d only managed to read the headline so far.

‘Listen to this...’

‘I’ve read it, thanks.’

So he mumbled it to himself, breaking off every so often in indignant amazement. 

‘For Christ’s sake I told her not to leave the room.’

‘She didn’t.’

‘Oh no, of course not, Jill’s not like that, is she? Then how the...hell.... do you explain this, eh?’

‘News gets round, it’s obviously lifted from the local paper in Nutswood. Car keys, pencil. Calm down, it mentions no names.’

Her coolness exasperated him. Caught up in his own dramatic representation he went too far.

‘”News gets round”’, “it mentions no names”’,

he mimicked in a fussy nasal tone, then continued.

‘Jesus, how long do you think before the shit hits the fan, eh? It may well be Mr. X for now, but mark my words,’

he was climbing down now. Daphne was strutting, picking things up in a jerky, vigorous fashion he recognised only too well.

‘It’s only a matter of time.’

He needed to make amends quickly.

‘And of course you’re right about Jill, she wouldn’t have left the room without letting us know.’

Not enough, Ron.

‘Oh, all of this is driving me mad, I swear.’

More sincerity.

‘I’m sorry, dear, I had no right to sneer.’

He hadn’t exactly sneered, she thought, but she knew what he meant and how difficult it was for him to ask for forgiveness.

‘We’re all a bit nervous, I fear.’

He wanted to thank her.

‘Shall I run you in?’

‘No, no,’

she smiled

‘Somebody’d better remain on guard, don’t you think?’

There was no need to say any more, their relationship had been reasserted. A quick peck and off she went, leaving him to study the article in depth.

He read it over and over again, wondering how much of it was true and how much sensational interpretation. It was written in the paper’s light-hearted style whereby what had already been made explicit in the headline was then deliberately held back until the last words of the opening paragraph, the reader supposedly waiting with bated breath for – the headline again! It was disappointing, silly, insulting almost, and managed to trivialise just about any news item. Apparently it was what the public demanded. But it wasn’t precisely the journalistic style that bothered Ron, nor the blatant mistakes (18 year old P.K., member of a strange tree worshipping sect!), not even the exaggerated descriptions (staggered into N. At the break of dawn trailing blood to the horror of astonished farm labourers). No, what worried Ron was that it made such a bloody good story. It was the typical 'human lunacy’ stuff that everybody loved: the man taken into casualty with a jar of coffee stuck up his arse, or a couple needing to be separated like dogs after becoming intimately stuck together. Toilet humour taken to its extreme, they’d lap it up in the pubs, on the work floor, in government offices and in the playground. People that found farts funny, dropped their trousers and told stories about sheepshaggers. And how long before P.K. was discovered to be the younger brother of R.K, local politician and esteemed member of the community? This must be kept secret. No names, no more reporting, this has to stop here and now. Yes, it was about time he had a subtle word with the editor, old Shanks; he owed him a favour or two as it was.

For a passing moment Ron felt in control, back at the wheel. But how brief! It occurred to him almost simultaneously that he couldn’t possibly approach Shanks without letting the cat out of the bag. Shit. Although he was alone he crinkled up his eyes and wagged his forefinger for effect. There must be a way. Shit and double shit. There had to be a way. Sod you, Paul, I’d bet my bottom dollar you did it ‘cos of Dad. Why’d you have to swallow that shit? Images of his missing father, his dead mother, the sharp-tongued neighbours, threatened to come back if he dwelt too long on the subject, so he pushed it all as far down as he could and insisted on filling his thoughts with plans for future action. What’s done is done. Sod you, Paul, you mad bastard, but you’re not going to drag me down with you. No way! There must be a way to get to Shanks, to stop the rot. There must.




                                                              
Paul lay awake, staring up at the polystyrene ceiling tiles framed in aluminium. There was a pattern of sorts in the porous surface, but it was difficult to pin down. He concentrated, trying to find an indefinite point somewhere beyond the tiles, as he had done before with 3D computer pictures, but the pattern eluded him again. He closed his eyes and tried to regroup his thoughts. 


It was true, existence is just like that. There is a pattern, though it may not always be clear. Yes, Mr. Swan would agree with that. He saw again the immaculately clean face, perfectly hairless, polished almost, of his last great tutor, Mr. Swan. Mr. Swan would smile like a priest, stare into the distance like a guru, then slap you on the back like a basketball coach. His breath was warm and perfumed, his voice calm and even-toned. Mr. Swan nodded his head in wisdom – carry on, Paul. And Paul had seen it through. Despite his family, the pain, the fear of death, despite the whole world’s constant mockery. Why couldn’t they see it was true? How everything comes together, hangs together, is one? Beyond the daily appearances, always beyond. We spend our lives looking at our reflection in the glass without seeing through it, beyond it. There is a higher source, like radio waves, all around us, invisible, apparently inexistent, but if we just tune in, just tune in to the celestial radio... It does make sense, but we are blind, deaf. We refuse to see the pattern, to hear the music.

They’re letting me out tomorrow. To Ron I’m just an embarrassment, to Ken a poor little kid, a weirdo. No wonder they sent Jill along to keep watch, to keep guard. Who knows what I’m capable of doing! Ha. The blind have no need for artists, the deaf no need for musicians. I suppose they think I’m mad. He saw Mr. Swan smile his omniscient smile – easy, Paul, be safe in your higher knowledge. 

Where does their cynicism lead them? To this world of war and selfishness, grubbing for grubs, grabbing for grabs (Mr. Swan again), killing each other for a bowl of rice or the right to decide for others. While all the time denying the spiritual, the creative, refusing to tune in.

Paul listened and thought that what he heard was silence. The silence of hatred. The immense hatred that could destroy lives, deprive children of their dreams, silence the birds at dawn. A silent hatred so overwhelming it could wipe out humanity and anything else that stood in its way. It was this dumb vehemence that had trapped his father and led him to do what he had undoubtedly done. 

We cannot undo the sins of our fathers, we are obliged to pay for them, said Mr. Swan.
There is a liberating force, he had also said. Paul ran his hands over his bandaged groin. And now I have my sacred ground. Mr. Swan smiled his approval. Help us spread the word, Paul, let us teach the deaf to hear.




Ron was faced with a very delicate situation. Paul was due to leave hospital tomorrow and something had to be done. Apparently he wasn’t in the least bit repentant about chopping them off and was prepared to explain it away to just about anyone who was willing to listen, or, as Ken had so neatly put it, he seemed happy to talk his bollocks off. Stupid bloody nutter.  There’d been a few journalists floating about looking for a scoop, but so far he’d managed to head them off with a little help from his friends. A crate of malt whisky for the department and a set of glasses for Ned should see to that. The press thought he was getting out the day after tomorrow, so everything should run smoothly enough on that score. Problem was, what to do with the mad bugger now? If only he could go back to that bunch of loony moony types in the New Forest, but word had it they’d been moved on by the local authorities for some reason or other. For being a bunch of weirdos, probably.

Fine, so he gets out tomorrow. We’ll pick him up and then.....? Exactly. What to do with him? He can’t come here, that would be the end of everything, not to mention Daphne. No. That’s ruled out, brotherly love or not. Ken’s a possibility, but it stinks a bit that Ken should put him up in his front room when we’ve got two spare guestrooms available here. Anyway, I don’t think Jill’s up to it, any little extra effort seems to knock her flat on her back, lazy bitch. Well, fair’s fair, she’s got a lot on her hands, but, for Christ’s sake, one bloody night and she’s had it.

Of course it’s important that Paul doesn’t think he’s not wanted. After all, he’s our kid brother, and Dad running off like that seems to have done him more harm than us. Then Mum and Auntie Beth popping off like that. That’s what sent him round the bend. That and all those bloody pills. Poor sod. No, we’ve got to come up with something for his own good. All right, and for ours, too. Mutual benefit. Symbiosis. Call it what you will, he’s got to be hidden away somewhere safe, somewhere the press gang won’t find him, somewhere he won’t be able to blab off to all and sundry why he’d want to go and slice them off.

I wonder what he did with them.

He decided that he couldn’t approach Ken with these ideas because he would rant and rave about blood ties and humanity and all that nonsense. He’d probably insist on sleeping on the bloody sofa himself so as Paul could have a bed! Christ, what a family. No, this was a job for Daphne if ever there was one. She’d come up with something.

At first Daphne tried to wash her hands of the whole affair. It wasn’t her family, it wasn’t, therefore, her problem. She was terribly sorry but Ronald was big enough to look after himself, as was his mad brother. But when Ron pointed out that as his wife she too ran the risk of public ridicule and loss of economic clout, she began to see the connection. In reality she had seen it all along and was, as always, simply making him sing for his supper.

Very well, she’d have a word with the chaplain. She’d see what she could do. No, a subtle threat should do it, something along the lines of ‘it would be such a shame to have to give up evening classes at this stage’. There was a dreadful lack of willing volunteers. He’d certainly be well out of the public eye there, don’t you think?

Daphne, you’re a dream come true, to which she could but agree.




Fat people don’t eat and the rich are not interested in money, just as the slanderer pulls you to one side and tells you in a whisper to beware of those who talk ill of others. It is the nature of the beast. Which perhaps helps us to understand why Dr. Flynch, the internationally famous campaigner for the Eradication of Sexual Abuse, should at all times be surrounded by photos of mutilated corpses and any number of instruments of sexual torture, from pliers to toilet brushes. Unlike the House of Horrors in a wax museum, where the Great Criminals of our time are immortalised for future generations to admire, there were no portraits of mass murderers or notorious sadists hanging on his office wall, for Dr. Flynch’s obsession was with the victims. Instead there were huge colour blow ups of sodomised children, impaled whores, wives hacked to pieces in a frenzy of perverse passion, all with that unmistakably slightly swollen aspect of cadavers.

Of the labelled items which lay on his desk it was unfortunately easy enough to imagine to what twisted end they had been put, although some of them (a pipette? A bicycle wheel?) required an explanation, explanation that Dr. Flynch was always ready to give. He would pick up the object, hold it before him and begin to tell its story without the faintest trace of emotion in his voice, while the listener tried hard to tear his gaze from the doctor’s ill-fitting toupee and magnified, expressionless eyes, to concentrate on the bizarre tale, to make it somehow ‘real’ despite the surroundings, to pay attention as Dr Flynch calmly described the unbelievable brutalities behind these seemingly innocent artefacts.  There was something disturbingly intimate, embarrassingly secret about these monologues, in spite of his matter of fact manner, something which not even his impressive command of cold statistics could dispel. He was like the mortuary assistant who pulls back the sheet covering the corpse to let us catch a glimpse of the usually deliberately hidden process of putrefaction. It was as if he shared his terrible knowledge with you, and by so doing implicated you, made you in some way an accomplice. In short, he was the sort of character Ron wouldn’t hesitate in calling a bloody weirdo.




Just before the glass doors automatically opened Daphne remarked automatically

‘It’s windy out.’

‘Cloudy with sunny intervals’

confirmed Ron, nodding resignedly.

In the hospital car park litter chased itself in fits and starts among the brightly painted lots as if playing its own particular version of hopscotch. Ron’s car, long and grey, was not amused. The nurse held her cardigan wrapped against her waist to stop it from flapping, for some reason reluctant to button it up, while Paul allowed himself to be fussed into the passenger seat without a word. He felt like an ageing relative, too old or infirm to be anything other than a burden. He watched Burton General hospital recede in the wing mirror as they drove off.

Daphne was explaining politely why the best thing for him ‘at this juncture’ was to be hidden away in the church rooms. He supposed she was using tact and charm, but he wasn’t listening. Instead he played his part and stared out of the side window in silence whilst his chaperones interchanged the neutral niceties well-bred people use so as not to offend; a pointless patter designed to please, or rather not displease, priests, bank managers or the elderly. And the like, Paul presumed.

He wasn’t surprised to be treated this way by Ron. His big brother had always seemed grown-up to him, had always worn a suit. Even his earliest memories of him were of a sensible, capable type, and his marrying Daphne had been a natural progression, as if their coming together had been planned from the start. And he remembered: there is no room for recrimination in this world, Paul – things just are, all we need to do is understand.

The church rooms were damp, prefabricated huts tacked on to the side of a back street brick and stonework church. Access to the tiny courtyard was gained through a wire mesh, barbed wire topped fence like those leading to factories. The main doors to the temple were kept well locked most of the time, for although this was the House of God, the local thieves were mostly Egalitarians and refused to make distinctions.

Daphne fiddled with the padlock, and after a determined struggle pushed open the door. The three of them filed in, Ron bringing up the rear like a warden. Once inside they said nothing, Daphne and Ron looking about the place as if they were inspecting a hotel room and deciding whether to take it or not. Paul sat down on the folding bed and stared at his shoes. Somebody had cleaned them and they shone like they hadn’t for months.

‘It’s new’

smiled Daphne, referring to the mattress.

‘Home sweet home, Paul’

added Ron affably, but it sounded daft and heavy and fell to the floor with a dull plop.

‘Water, light, even a small gas cooker, eh? Here’s the key to the gate, the square one, and the smaller round one’s the padlock. You can come and go as you please, and we’ll be in and out, too.’

How they wanted to get out! How he wanted them to go! They reached this agreement in silence, seeming to communicate better without the obstacle of speech, words being like ill-placed furniture into which they incessantly bumped. These silences were much more coherent, easier to navigate, like the orderly houses of the blind.

‘Thanks,’

dropped onto the floor with a deafening clatter.




‘That brother of mine makes me sick sometimes, he’s got all that fucking space up there, but no, oh no, not in my house, the kid’s a raving loony. Christ! He’s our fucking brother for God’s sake!’


Jill didn’t mind the swearing as long as the kids, or Daphne, weren’t around. She tried not to fall so low herself, but Ken had always expressed himself in short, blunt outbursts and she had become used to it. So she decided to let him have his little rant before calming him down. Anyway, she felt he had a right to be angry. 

‘Ever since he married that stuck up bitch...... Huh, what a bastard. It’s not her fault, though she doesn’t help, stirring it all up and egging him on, no, he’s always been a stiff prick. The sodding church rooms! Bloody hell, he’s only just got out of hospital and they stuff him away in that....... pit! I’ll punch his bloody nose when I see him. God, what a shit!’

‘Ssh,’

and she looked up to where the children’s room was. To her surprise he took her advice and stopped talking abruptly. Having silenced him she felt obliged to make a comment. 

‘I can’t see that punching him on the nose would help matters.’

‘It’d make me feel a lot better.’

‘Yes, well I want none of that. Please.’

She had used her best matronly tone for a reason: the brothers had come to blows before. Silly blows, weak ineffectual blows not designed to hurt, meant more as an exaggerated gesture, a ‘look what you’ve driven me to’ which had the effect of making the situation unbearable, ending, like most childish squabbles, in shouts and tears.

His heavy sigh she took as a promise.

‘It’s just a question of time,’

he was about to make a comment but she hushed him,

‘yes it is. Time heals.’

Clichés had always managed to calm him, as she had discovered over the years. 
‘Just as Paul will eventually get better from... cure his wound, so all this will eventually die down and be forgotten. So Ronald and Daphne have given themselves away for what they are again? So what? That’s their problem. It certainly comes as no surprise to us, now does it?’

‘He’s a shit.’

‘And he’s proven it over and over again. So what’s new?’

Ken said nothing

‘Eh? What’s new?’

The answer was that Paul was involved this time, that he’d cut his balls off, that the whole situation was out of hand. But he’d had four large lagers by now and wasn’t thinking straight. He couldn’t find the answer.

‘So what’s new?’

She knew she had found his weak spot and had no intention of letting him go now. She almost asked what was new once more, just to drive it home, but she remembered that Ken had too often in the past accused her of being like a dog with a bone. “Grr” he’d say, and possibly even get aggressive if she went too far. Instead she handed him another can, with this condition:

‘I think it’s time we all got together for a chat, don’t you?’

It sounded conciliatory, well-balanced and grown up, the sort of phrase you'd expect from an adult. There was no way she could later be accused of  yearning for the chance to get to the bottom of it all, to wallow in the details of this real life soap opera.



Ron was right. Paul K. lasted less than a week before he became Paul Kavanagh, younger brother of a certain Mr. Ronald Kavanagh, local councillor responsible for economic affairs being groomed for eventual mayordomship, and from there, who knows? A young reporter, reportress, Sharon something or other, had asked and bothered her way round town until she had unearthed poor Paul rotting away in his damp church room, still nursing his wounds. Poor Paul my arse, he was happy as pie to blurt it all out! Spare no details, my boy, shout it from the rooftops. Bastard. Cut your own balls off if it turns you on, but leave mine alone!

She had interviewed him, right there in his prefab. hut, photos and all, and he had been more than co-operative. It’s a wonder she didn’t get a shot of his bandaged groin! Of course he’d come across as a complete nutter, urged on by a mixture of Sharon’s morbid sensationalism and the paper’s light-hearted, ‘readable’ approach. He had asked to be understood and respected, had only been ‘keeping a promise’. ‘From these seeds no tree shall grow’. Ron couldn’t bring himself to believe Paul had said that, it sounded so biblical; it had to be pure invention. Front page and middle page spread, names, dates, even a picture of a pair of sheepshears (Daphne too had been right) 'like those used by Paul Kavanagh in his ritual act of self-castration’. He’d then gone on to elaborate about ‘seeing beyond the pain, beyond the pane’ and some nonsense about tuning in to the ‘universal music’. In short, he’d made an utter prat of himself, thereby making a laughing stock of the entire damn family.

Anyway, as Daphne had said, the damage had been done and somebody would have to clear up the mess. They had discussed it at length, running through the whole gamut of possible reactions – disbelief, indignation, resignation, rekindled anger and the like before reaching their conclusion. It was the only way to put a stop to the whole sordid business. Now, before it all got out of control and started to snowball.



‘I’ve put your correspondence and the press cuttings on your desk, Dr. Flynch. Quite a lot this morning, I’m afraid.’

‘A sign of the times.’

‘A sign of the times,’

echoed Miss Reinhart, not, as you might expect, a bespectacled spinster, a faithful cardiganed assistant, but a rather cheery, rosy-cheeked young woman who was not the least bit shocked or intrigued by Dr. Flynch’s strange occupation. Just what he needed, someone to type letters, answer phone calls and ask no questions. And a smile with the morning coffee to boot.

On his desk, as promised, were the cuttings Miss Reinhart had so diligently discovered in the previous day’s papers. She was the first filter, reading through the articles and picking out those with any reference to sex. It was up to Dr. Flynch to decide whether it should be binned, or filed away under one of his many categories.

The first thing was to separate the chaff from the grain, which basically meant throwing out all the heterosexual adultery and general mud-slinging marital slander articles. After that it was a simple job of ordering them into sub-groups, with cross-references  where necessary.

Today’s batch was full of the usual stuff. A whore found strangled on wasteland, a few mindless unprovoked attacks on young women on their way home, a couple of gang bangs, a drop of queer bashing and some domestic child abuse. Nothing to get excited about. But, wait a moment; here was something not quite so common. His interest picked up. Ah, yes, a classic case of self-mutilation. A gem, a pearl. He leant back in his chair and smiled a self-satisfied little smile. Self-castration. A textbook example, how gratifying. To be filed under, let me see, self-mutilation, “K” for Kavanagh.




‘Psychiatric help.’

‘Psychiatric help?’

Ron had tried his best to use no intonation, to make it sound as if it were the most logical solution. Got a headache? Take an aspirin. He had thought it best to drain the phrase of its emotional charge, but now he regretted not having added an element of pity. No, on second thoughts he didn’t regret a thing, even if he’d burst into tears as he’d said it Ken would have overreacted anyway, he always did.

For his part Ken had decided to play surprised (though in reality the only surprise was that big brother Ron had taken so long to come to this conclusion), because that way he felt he could reject the idea better. Ron, I am shocked, I never thought for a minute etcetera.  Daphne and Jill waited in the wings for their cues, asking themselves once again: if all the world’s a stage, then who the hell’s in the audience?

‘Psychiatric help?’

repeated Ken incredulously, but a little less loudly this time in case those at the next table should overhear. That had been Daphne's idea, meeting at the Stagecoach Inn where appearances would have to be kept up and voices down. It also helped that they frequented the place very rarely so were unlikely to be uncovered as ‘the mad boy’s family’. Perhaps there had been a certain glimmer in the barman’s eye, but she was sure that discretion would prevail. Jill had understood her reasoning and had managed to persuade a reluctant Ken to bury his prejudices and agree to be seen dead with the toffee-nosed bunch of snobs and poofs he swore adorned the place.

‘It’s not what you’re thinking.’

Here Ron had tried to sound comforting, but Ken heard a sneer, a touch of arrogance, a slight twang of superiority.

‘He even knows what I’m thinking now.’

‘Well it’s not about strait jackets and electrode treatment if that’s what you’re getting at. I said “psychiatric help”, not “let’s lock him up in a bloody loony bin”.’

‘Who do you think you are, eh? Mr. Bloody high and mighty. Of course us proles don’t know anything about modern science, do we love?’

In the hushed mock rustic surroundings of the Stagecoach Inn Jill hushed him.

‘Do you know the difference between psychology and psychiatry?’
 
asked Ron, unsure himself of the right answer, but with all his confidence placed in his wife’s didactic skills.

‘It’s more Woody Allen than Jack Nicholson,’

explained Daphne with a condescending smile. If the bitching didn’t stop soon they’d end up being barred for life from the bar. Jill stepped in.

‘Look, why don’t you explain exactly what you have in mind, and we’ll promise not to interrupt, ok.?’

‘Go ahead, go on, don’t mind me, I won’t say a word.’

Ken was peeved, but consoled himself with one of Auntie’s favourite proverbs – give him enough rope...

Ronald Kavanagh was in his element. How he loved to chair meetings, to have a turn to speak when all would have to listen, even those dying to interject. Daphne, his faithful secretary, would nod at his wisdom at strategic points in his discourse, while he would dazzle those present with his grasp, how should I put it, (pause), his command of the oratory art.

‘Well come on, spit it out for Christ’s sake.’

In a way Ken was in his element, too. He loved to play the down-to-earth type, the layman with a master’s degree from the University of Life. He liked to think that scientists and History professors weren’t so bloody clever as they thought, hiding behind all those ridiculously long words to cover up the fact that all they could really boast was an excellent memory and the boring person’s ability to swot. Lawyers too, but above all politicians, especially local politicians like puffed up Ronald Kavanagh who thought he could take us all in with those posh –isms and technical jargon. The sort of people who called you ‘Kenneth’ instead of Ken and wished you ‘all the very best’ so as not to say ‘good luck, mate’. A bunch of bloody show-offs, bookworms and arse lickers, with, perhaps, a few (at Jill’s gentle prodding) notable exceptions. Exceptions that, as always, and quite conveniently, proved the rule. Or was it that by playing the noble brute he managed to irritate big know-it-all brother Ron?

Either way battle was joined and Paul’s fate was decided for him whether he liked it or not. Meanwhile the women, this being a turn of millennium tale, looked on.



“If Sigmund Freud had been listening and taking notes from the time of Adam, he would still not have explored even a single group, even a single person”.

Ron had read that once in a book entitled “The White Hotel” by D.M.Thomas, a rather pretentious birthday present from his wife. Except now he couldn’t remember exactly where he’d read it or how it went, only being able to recall what he had gleaned to be the central issue of the novel: that not even the best psychiatrists can understand a bloody thing, that if you’re nuts you’re nuts and that’s about it really. So what hope there was for his kid brother was anybody’s guess. Still, something had to be done, and he was far better off in professional hands than wandering about in a daze on his own giving interviews to the first half-witted journalist who happened to take an unhealthy interest in his case. ‘Kenneth’ was concerned, of course, fantasising about shock treatment, padded cells and what have you, but then he was so ignorant about anything other than cleaning out gutters or roof insulation.

Once again Daphne had been a godsend, it seemed she had got to know just about everyone worth knowing through her voluntary work. She had arranged the interview, haggled over the fee, dropped the odd political name and, in short, had handled the affair admirably. Above all with discretion, a concept to which Ken was a perfect stranger. Why couldn’t he see that the fewer people that knew that Paul was being... helped at St. Christopher’s the better? Alright, so perhaps it was nothing to be ashamed of, St. Christopher’s was one of the most exclusive homes in the country, a five star hotel for loonies, but neither was it anything to be proud of. Hey, everybody, my brother’s cut his balls off ‘cos he’s round the bend, so we locked him up at St. Chris’s. At times Ron wondered if Ken wasn’t half mad himself. Thank god Jill had shown a bit more common sense, ‘he needs help, Ken, you must see that’. Funny old cow that Jill, she bends with the wind. Or so it seems. She’d gone on about how beautiful a place it was, its extensive lawns, golf courses, tennis courts, heated pool, the works! And probably the best qualified staff in the country. Naturally she hadn’t mentioned that these amenities cost an arm and a leg, oh no, best leave the economic details to big brother Ron. Still, at least she had shown an interest in getting him put away, that is, admitted. Talking about fees, he wondered if he could manage to pass them off on to the N.H.S., there had to be a way. He’d talk to Gerald about that on Wednesday. As they say, it’s not what you know....

He stopped and had a little think about that. After a while stroking his goatee he came to the conclusion he usually came to, that it wasn’t who you knew, either. That was fine for Daphne, but there was more to it than simple hobnobbing. It was organisation. Organisation.




Ken was sitting with his back to the chimney, looking out across the sea of identical suburban roofs, and he too was thinking about a quotation. Not from a novel in this case, Ken didn’t have much time for the written word, placing authors in the same boat as scientists and politicians. Books were boring, and writers had no idea of how to entertain; he usually lost interest after three pages or so. No, this was different, this was The People’s Voice, lyrics, song lyrics, words you could sing and that everybody else knew by heart. The Fool on the Hill by The Beatles. He wasn’t too sure what it all meant, but he had a funny feeling that somehow it was on his side, that the Fab Four would probably have sympathised more with him than ruddy Ron. Or maybe the fool was himself, the rooftop his hill. Or maybe it was just a daft song written about bugger all. Still, not bad, great little tune really. He hummed it quietly and let his thoughts peter out.

Later, in the van driving back home, it came back to him again, and he started to feel uncomfortable. Guilty was the word. He couldn’t help feeling that they’d contrived to lock up their own flesh and blood, that poor little Paul was doomed to live his days half-drugged amongst arsonists and manic depressives. He imagined him shuffling around in his dressing gown and slippers, babbling on about promises and treachery. One day they’d tell him he was free to go, but he’d tell them calmly that he had no wish to go anywhere else – this is my home! And if they forced him to go he’d lop off a leg or something to get back in.

At home the kids were in the garden playing catch with the boys from next door. He watched for a while through the living room window. If one of them dropped the ball they had to go down on one knee, then two knees, then one arm, then no arms and out. It seemed that this added stress made them even more nervous than usual and turned the ball into a hot potato. 

St. Christopher’s of all places. Typical of Ron to be the snob even when it was his own brother who was concerned.  And Jill urging him on! How on earth were they going to afford it? It was alright for him, he was rolling in it, but roofing didn’t exactly fill your pockets with gold. Thank god Mum wasn’t alive to see us all at each other’s throats like this. As for Dad, I wouldn’t be surprised if he were at the root of all this, the bastard.

His mind had and automatic cut-off whenever the topic of his father cropped up, and he immediately began to wonder what Jill would have ready for dinner.




Kavanagh, Kavanagh. The name had stuck in his mind all day like an irritating jingle. He had filed it away, but there had been no archive with that name under ‘self-mutilation’. He wondered if he had come across it in another case he was studying, but Miss Reinhart had run through last week’s computer files and had come up with nothing. Perhaps he was confusing it with something else, Carnegie, or Karamazov, but no, he was sure it was Kavanagh that was bothering him. So Dr. Flynch, who had enormous faith in hunches, especially his own, had Miss Reinhart scour all the archives.

‘All of them, right back to the beginning?’

‘That’s right Miss Reinhart. All of them.’

It would take her a few days to go through them, but at least he’d have a little peace of mind at the end of it. 



And Paul? He consoled himself with these thoughts: History is full of examples of people accused of madness simply because their Truth was not at first understood. Jesus of Nazareth, Galileo, Joan of Arc, Columbus, Nostradamus, Van Gogh, George W...... the list was extensive. People with insight, people who knew they were right.

He heard his Master’s voice as he convalesced – forgive them, Paul, for they know not what they do. To the uninstructed it was an act of lunacy, but we know it was in fact an act of contrition.

Ron and Ken and the rest of them were only interested in getting him certified and out of the way, but Paul had his own plans. They wanted to save their skins, but Paul wanted to save their souls. He would help them. National and international T.V. and press coverage should get things started. He had rather enjoyed the interview with Sharon, the way she’d been uneasily fascinated by his courage, his uncommon resolve, his air of coherent mysticism. The tingle of imminent fame was not unlike the stirrings of sexual desire which he had so radically cut short. Mr. Swan, as always, had been right; he should not content himself with showing Ron or Ken the light, he had to illuminate the whole wide world.


2


Humour shines its light into most dark corners, raising a smile from death to concentration camps, from religion to terrorism. Depending on the subject matter we titter, giggle, chuckle or guffaw. But some things are just not funny, not even in hindsight.


From Hornsby Drive to Beesdale Avenue there is a short cut across the wasteland which runs along the east side of Kingsley Road. During the day rubbish grows in clumps – rags, discarded furniture, twisted masses of wire and plastic. At night the shadows bloom.

If I take the short cut
If she takes the short cut
I’ll be home in a few minutes
She’ll fall nicely into the trap

The ground is rough and uneven, an uncivilised slab of land surrounded by well kept semis, like a street urchin amongst a group of uniformed schoolboys.

The victim, hereinafter referred to as Miss P., was found at approximately 5.15 a.m. on the morning of the twelfth of October by Mr. Charles Murray whilst on his milkround. According to Mr. Murray Miss P. was ‘unconscious, half-naked, and covered in blood. I thought at first that she’d been murdered’. The discovery took place on an area of wasteland immediately opposite the main gates of Mercury Carriers Ltd. on the Kingsley road. It is unlit, rubbish-strewn and, more importantly, unfrequented at night, hence the length of time elapsed between the attack, estimated by forensics at between 2.00and 3.00 a.m., and the discovery of the victim, at approximately 5.15 a.m. She was taken to Burton General Hospital where her wounds were attended. Due to the ferocity of the assault she was unable to make a statement until the morning of the sixteenth of October.



What was that?
Ssh, or she’ll hear

It’s just my imagination, she says, but her heartbeat increases a touch just the same, as if her fear has picked up on something she missed.

A girl should not drink too much. A girl should not wear provocative clothing. A girl should not be out after midnight. A girl should not walk home on her own. A girl should not venture across unlit wasteland.
Now should she.
But she keeps coming. Like they all do. She knows I’m here, well-armed, waiting for her. But she keeps coming, asking for it, challenging me. What she wants is to feel the heat of the hunt, to feel the power in me, the strength and thrust she is begging for, begging for it. Like they all do, the sluts, the dirty here-I-come bitches.

The shadows bloom and seem to move, shifting and arching their backs like wild cats about to pounce. And slight rustling noises so tiny they trick you into thinking they’re harmless, unthreatening, that they’re unable to grow into obsessive breathing, foul-mouthing, grunting. Sounds so small that hatred cannot fit inside them. No, of course not, but her blood begins to pump furiously at the idea, the suggestion, the possibility.


Miss P. left her home at approximately 9.30 p.m. on Thursday the eleventh of October and went straight to number 14, Hornsby Drive where her friend, Miss Caroline Stratton, was holding a birthday party. She took the shortest possible route, which included crossing the portion of wasteland opposite Mercury Carriers Ltd. on the Kingsley Road. She noticed nothing untoward on her journey from her home at 32 Beesdale Avenue to the aforementioned address at Hornsby Drive, She remained at the house party until approximately 12.30p.m., though the exact time of departure has been impossible to discern as it appears that nobody was taking much notice of the time. The victim herself is unsure, and the other guests on questioning were unable to give a clearer idea, estimates varying from 12.00 p.m. to 2.00 a.m. of the twelfth of October. These times, however, coincide with the Forensic Department’s report which places the attack at between 2.00 a.m. and 3.00 a.m. of the twelfth of October.

There are a number of discrepancies between Miss P.’s initial statement, taken on Tuesday the sixteenth of October at Burton General Hospital, and a later statement taken at police headquarters in Ridley Street on the twenty fourth of October. This is apparently common in these cases and is explained in greater detail in the psychiatric report. Nonetheless, these discrepancies make it difficult to recreate a clear picture of events from the moment she left the party to the time of her discovery by Mr. Murray, some three or four hours later.

In her first statement, that of the sixteenth of October, Miss P. assured us that she had noticed nothing unusual until she had started crossing the wasteland, when she thought she saw something move to her left. However, in a later statement, taken at Ridley Street Police station on the twenty fourth of October, she related that she had felt uneasy as soon as she had left the party, and that she had had the impression that she was being followed.

Other incongruences follow when asked if she could describe her aggressor. In her statement of 12th October she insists that she was attacked from behind and was totally unable to describe her attacker in any way whatsoever. In her later statement however, we are told that he was short, dark, with dark brown hair, that he was wearing a denim jacket, jeans, and sports shoes. Miss P. is unable to explain the differences between her two statements.

Another conflicting point is that of whether her aggressor spoke or not. In her initial statement she was most insistent that the attack had taken place in suppressed silence. In her later statement she is able to remember a number of obscene utterances, going so far as to state that she did not recognise the voice of her attacker.

Once again Miss P. is unable to explain why she has made two separate and conflicting accounts of events on the night of the twelfth of  October, and we are again referred to the psychiatric report. 



Seen from  a distance the struggle is silly, a flailing of arms and legs, a breathless rolling over and over, very human and therefore verging on the comical. Seen from a distance it doesn’t matter at all, things just are. The way a rat eats its young or lion clubs are slaughtered by the usurper before he claims the lioness.

Moving in the comedy turns sourly into tragedy. Fists clenched with rocks to shatter fragile bone, frenzied cuts opening up the sluice gates of hot syrupy blood, as dark and dirty as liquid mud in the gloom.
There is no need to focus more closely, the scene is common enough, recent enough, clear enough. 

Cut.



Mrs. Jean Kavanagh awoke from a dream in which she’d dreamt she’d been so tired, so anxious about waking up on time, that she’d been unable to fall asleep, continually shifting position, her thoughts fretful but orderly, stubbornly refusing to slip off into that loose oil-on-water subworld she enjoyed so much. Outside she could hear the strangely soothing sound of distant early morning traffic, sheet metal waves breaking on a tarmac shore. She knew without moving that Sam had not come home yet.

The first few times he had failed to return home until dawn she had panicked, ‘overreacted’ Sam had said, surveying the street through a crack in the curtains as if guilty of her private fears, watching the agonising progress of the alarm clock, for some reason the situation worsening with every thick sluggish minute that passed. Incredibly long drawn out nights spent desperately trying to control her morbid imagination, to keep a check on possible tragic futures, stretching the time limits of her deadlines and ultimatums: if by half past five, if by six o’clock, if by.... She had wanted then to wake up the boys, to share her worries with them, to wrap them around her for warmth like winter blankets or childhood memories, to hear them say things like ‘don’t worry, Mum’, or ‘he’ll be back in a minute, I expect’, those sure-of-foot statements of the young. But she couldn’t even bring herself to peep in on them, reluctant to disturb their untroubled sleep. She would have to face it alone; the dark, the cold, the empty pre-dawn street. What would the morning bring, a policeman, a doctor, a vicar? Or his return?

Later had come the nights of self-torment and torture, nights when trust and faith, the building blocks of her love, had come crumbling and crashing down in an earthquake of impotent rage and jealousy. The others ‘meant nothing’, of course, were purely part of his ‘physical needs’, like the drink - paid for, drained down and forgotten. Until the next time.

Now she was left with weariness and disgust. Although it was always true that something might have happened to him, some terrible accident or murderous act which would leave him bleeding to death under the yellow lamplight of a deserted ring road. Yes, he still held that card, could still riddle her with guilt at having thought so ill of him, of preferring a well-documented, socially acceptable drama to sordid infidelities and drunkenness.

The old fashioned alarm clock saluted another minute, ten to five. If everything went according to plan he’d sneak in around six o’clock, giggling at his clumsiness, strewing his clothes over the chest of drawers, the chair, the rug by his side of the bed. Then within seconds he’d be dead to the world, spluttering and coughing and smelling like a nightclub when the cleaners arrive. He’d take the morning off, telling the boys it was a reward from his boss for hard work and excellent results. It might be months before they spoke decently to each other again, not that it mattered much, a truce before the next outbreak of hostilities. She curled up and tried in vain to force her mind to drift off into sleep, but as always she was unable to do anything other than observe how time nudged on towards dawn, towards the turn of his key in the front door, his menacing approach, the opening of the bedroom door..... Then she would feign sleep! Not daring to move, afraid her breathing would give her away, her back set stolidly against him, as cold and as inexpugnable as a castle wall.

How she wished she could drop off. Now she would be irritable, short-tempered, would snap at the boys over breakfast, bustle them off to school with a dry, hasty peck. And the world, in its warped and twisted way, would conspire to punish her with endless and thankless drudgery – clean, shop, tidy, cook, serve. While Sam slept it off.

There were other voices – friends, neighbours, magazine articles, T.V. chat programmes – voices urging her to make a stand, seek advice, file for a divorce, up and away. Any number of solutions concocted and offered by a third party. But Jean could only follow her own notion of how she should act. To her Sam was her husband just as Ronny, Kenny and Paul were her sons, and she could no more abandon Sam than she could disown her own children. For better or for worse she had vowed before God, and she had meant it. He was unfaithful, he drank, but he was the father of her children and she could do nothing other than suffer him. Despite her friends, despite herself, she was Mrs. Kavanagh now, and intended to stay that way. It was precisely this responsible stoicism that Sam exploited. It suited him, as it did the church.

Ronny was first down as usual, hair wetted and combed, textbooks neatly placed in schoolbag, homework done, shoes polished.  Jean’s pride and joy. Unlike his brothers he seemed to have no trouble shaking off sleep, it simply peeled off him with the bedclothes. Ronald was obedient and diligent, polite and ready to please, bright and quite grownup for his age. Everything he was expected to be. If Jean had any criticism it was that he appeared to be irritated by his brothers’ refusal or unwillingness to follow his example. Perhaps he was peeved by the fact that he had made such an effort to be “good”, while the other two got by quite nicely with just average behaviour.

Ronny had nearly finished breakfast by the time Kenny and Paul straggled downstairs, shoving each other bad-temperedly. Mrs. Kavanagh said nothing as she watched them jostle for positions and scrabble over who got to pour the milk first. After a while Kenny looked up as if he’d suddenly realised something was missing.

‘Where’s Dad?’

he asked, the way you might wonder about where the newspaper was.

Jean was about to explain that he’d been given the day off again, and that under no circumstances was he to be disturbed, so eat up quickly and let’s be off with you, followed by a long etcetera of parental banter behind which she could hide from their interrogation techniques. Luckily for her Paul interrupted.

‘Well he’s not in bed ‘cos I just looked in and he wasn’t there.’

‘He was up and gone before I got up. The boss phoned at some unearthly hour and told him to get his skates on. He said he’d phone later.’

The two elder brothers appeared to accept the lie without interest. She might as well have told them he’d decided to live with the Eskimos for a few months for all they cared. But as she turned towards the gas stove she felt Paul’s eyes on her back, staring, enraged. She put an end to the situation by becoming the overstretched mother, and bundled them out of the house unceremoniously amidst routine admonishments and warnings.



Mrs. Jean Kavanagh stood at the front room window and watched as the schoolchildren trickled home in the late October light. Her boys always had football on Fridays and wouldn’t be home for at least another hour and a half. She had brushed and lacquered her short brown hair, moulding it into stiff waves as she had done for the last ten years or so. She had chosen the violet knee-length skirt of some artificial fabric or other, matching jacket, plain white cotton blouse, and her best Sunday shoes. The black bag didn’t match very well but would just have to do. All the crying had been done before the appliance of make-up, and she was now ready for any underhand trick Life had perversely prepared for her.

Torn between worry and rage, she calmly concluded that Sam had gone too far. At the very least he could have called, unless of course..... but that was absurd because the hospital would have...... or the police. Either way she should have been informed by now. So it was that she had decided to make herself presentable and begin the search for her missing husband, if only to have something to tell the kids when they eventually came crashing through the door, clamouring for supper, badly in need of a shower.... Every time she conjured up their innocent faces she could feel the pressure of her deep-sea  emotions pressing against the flood barriers. She would have to stop thinking about the boys for a while, until the surges subsided. Too far this time, Sam.

‘Burton General. Can I help you?’



‘So what did you tell the boys?’

She saw the scene again in her mind, the boys more upset about their punctured football than what she had to say.

‘That he’s in Newcastle and doesn’t know exactly when he’ll be back. He’ll phone.’

Jean’s sister Elisabeth, Auntie Beth to the boys, sipped her instant coffee as a substitute for biting her tongue. She was a deeply religious woman, totally indifferent to sex who, never having met anyone of the same ilk, had remained a spinster. To her most men behaved like dogs, snapping and barking and rubbing their private parts up against anything that offered itself: people’s hands, furniture, bitches. Sam, she had sadly noted, was no exception. Under normal circumstances she would have nagged and warned her younger sister against this man with a dog’s name who drank and womanised and who if ever raised a hand it was not to help about the house but to strike a coward’s blow. And saddled with three children, all boys! But the situation was grave, and she felt that whatever she said would be unnecessarily cruel.

‘And they swallowed it?’

‘Yes, I think so. At least Ronny and Kenny did, I’m not so sure about Paul, he keeps staring at me all the time.’

‘He’s upset I expect, that’s all.’

Monday morning. No news from the hospitals, nothing from the police, although they had seemed extremely interested in a cautious way.

‘They seemed more interested in the rape than in his disappearance.’

‘Well, that’s logical enough, poor girl, it’s a lot more important than the missing persons department.’

‘No, not the police, the boys. It’s all they’ve been talking about all weekend.’

Elisabeth sipped.

‘Still, in a way I suppose it’s taken their minds off Sam.’

‘Jean!’

‘Eh? Oh, yes, I know, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that. Is she going to be alright?’

‘If you mean by that 'will she live?', then yes, you could say that . As to being 'alright' I doubt if she’ll ever be alright again in her entire life, poor little thing. How can people do those things to each other?. Really, it’s beyond me, it really is.’

‘Devil’s work.’

‘Amen.’

They continued in mature silence for a few minutes until Jean burst out.

‘Oh why won’t he just phone, just, oh, I don’t know, let me know. It’s so unfair, so, so, cruel like this. Heaven’s, I don’t even know if he’s dead or alive!’

Elisabeth stared hard at her sister, weighing her words, unsure exactly how to put it but determined to do so nonetheless.

‘Do you want my honest opinion?’

She took a deep breath.

‘He’s gone for a packet of cigarettes.’

Jean didn’t move, she remained half-smiling as if she hadn’t heard or understood what her sister was trying to tell her. Perhaps, thought Elisabeth, she hadn’t recognised the expression, though heaven knows it was common enough.

‘He’s left you, puff, with his tail between his legs. Gone.’

Inside Jean was seething. Yes, that would please you, wouldn’t it, would live up to your notion of men and my marriage. You sexless cow, you’ve always wanted our life together to fail, you almost willed it. And I hate, hate, hate it but you’re right. He’s run off with another woman and abandoned me. Worse, he’s run off and abandoned all of us; Ronny, Kenny and poor little Paul. God help me, heaven help me. She wanted to scream, to cry, to hurl the china teacup through the sash window, to curl up in a ball on the carpet, to claw backwards through time to Thursday evening so she could beg Sam not to go out, beg him not to destroy her family.

But Jean was British, so she stood up calmly and said

‘I think I’d better get lunch under way.’

And Auntie Beth, knowing exactly what she meant and therefore what was expected of her, made her excuses and left.

Had Sam’s disappearance been an isolated act, perhaps the Kavanagh family would have eventually come to terms with their new situation, have found comfort and refuge in each other’s company, would have retained some of their original unity. But the coincidental raping of Miss Catherine Prior on the very same night he apparently decided to run off without a word to anybody had polarised opinions. Young Ronald, like his mother, refused to accept that his father was capable of the brutal sexual attack so explicitly detailed in the press and on T.V. It was absurd to confuse the two events, to make abandonment analogous to attempted murder. Dad had been a coward, though perhaps he had had his reasons for not wanting to confront his family with his sudden departure. Perhaps there was more to his relationship with Mum than anybody could vaguely suspect. Either way he agreed with his mother – Sam could never have done that to that poor girl. They knew it. 

Kenneth and Auntie Beth suspended judgement, took the easy way out, the least traumatic path. Sam was up and gone, heaven knows where or why. Some unfortunate young woman was raped and half-killed by a madman the same night. Nobody knows who he was or why he did it. Could it have been Mr. Kavanagh? Who knows? Why ask? Why want to know the answer if what’s done is done? It was as if by showing no interest whatsoever in the affair it would slip away unnoticed into the past, eventually to become a faded and forgotten memory to be thrown out with last year’s postcards. Jean had tried to pressure her sister into stating categorically that she, Elisabeth, believed Sam incapable of such atrocities. Without success. As for Ron, whenever he raised the issue with younger brother Ken he was always met with the same response: a shrug, a ‘search me’, and a change of conversation.

And Paul? Paul had awoken very early on that fateful Friday morning, well before dawn, and for some reason had been unable to get back to sleep. So he knew there had been no phone call, no starting car as his father left for work. Mum had lied. Now Dad wouldn’t be coming back, there’d been no phone call from Newcastle, he’d left them, just like that, without a word. What was he running from? Who was he running from? What had he done that was so terrible he couldn’t even phone, or write, or anything? To Paul things didn’t happen in parallel, there was always a connection, and although he could not at his tender age express it, he felt that there was no such thing as an 'isolated act', that everything was interwoven, that events were incestuous. To him it was as clear as spring water; his father had run away because of what he had done. Luckily because of his age nobody sought his opinion, they assumed it was beyond his grasp, so he fell into line with Kenny and pretended that he would prefer not to talk about it again. They left him alone.

Four years later when Mrs. Jean Kavanagh died of cancer they still had not heard from Sam. There had been some malicious gossip, a sincere but clumsily led investigation, and the police had interviewed her on more than one occasion, but neither the rape nor the disappearance were ever cleared up. Auntie Beth couldn’t have known when she took over her sister’s role that it also entailed dying of the same cancerous growth. Shortly after Paul turned eighteen she was cremated and scattered to the four winds to fly in search of her sister, leaving the brothers Kavanagh to fend for themselves.


4



Every so often a news item will catch a news editor’s eye and be deemed of Human Interest. A black child born to white parents, a person who falls from an aeroplane without a parachute and lives to tell the tale, a museum which explains how God made the world in six days, a kitten with two heads. These snippets fly around the world, from time zone to time zone, crossing the globe like the rays of the sun, from Vancouver to Sydney. They are light, and silly, not to be taken too seriously, and as human interest soon flags, they are readily replaced and forgotten. They are to journalism what fast food is to cuisine – inferior but nonetheless extremely popular.

And yes, it is true, most of humanity finds self-castration fascinating. So for a week or two Paul Kavanagh was in the news, became an overnight celebrity. What was it that caught people’s imagination? The pain, the quasi-religious symbolism, the lunacy, the sexual overtones? Whatever it was, from Lima to Lahore, the spotlight fell on Paul, or more precisely, on his now unnecessarily bandaged groin. Why had he done it? How had he done it? Would it affect his singing voice? How come he hadn’t died? And, more importantly, what had he done with them? 

It was this last question that he hoped to exploit. He desperately needed to prolong his moment of fame, it was essential to his task, vital to the spreading of the Word. His wound had healed in record time and he now only kept the bandages for effect, for the photographers. He wore loose fitting trousers especially to be able to drop them without delay should a photographer appear. He was always available, in person, by phone, by webcam; was always ready to explain in detail the sequence of events. He would hint at the reasons for such a drastic decision, would suggest a higher knowledge, but without giving too much away. He needed to maintain the current level of curiosity, and he knew from experience that the best way to achieve that is through Mystery. If he were to spell it all out from the very beginning, dotting the i’s and crossing the t’s, it would all be done and dusted in a matter of days, and people’s attention would turn to the family of werewolves found in a remote village somewhere in Eastern Europe. He understood that the religious element was a double-edged sword, too, and that while it attracted some readers, it repelled a lot more. No, the answer lay in the Unsolved Mystery: where were his testicles now? Had he buried them, made them into a purse, fed them to the pigs? Would they be found by a simple shepherd lad, pure and immaculate? Or would they rot immediately and never be found again, only their spirit remaining? Where exactly was this ‘sacred ground’, if it existed at all?

All in good time, all will be revealed, he promised. 

And it worked.



Dr. Flynch lived alone. Which is not a euphemism. He was not gay, or a paedophile, he did not masturbate dressed in stockings with a plastic bag on his head. Neither did he visit the local ‘pleasure centre’, sex being to him a bit like football – rather a lot of exercise for the short-lived glory of getting the ball in the back of the net. He had experienced it, it had been ‘alright’. He may or may not do it again. It was something he could easily live without.

He had more newspaper cuttings and video footage about the Kavanagh case than he could cope with; the media coverage had been intense, obsessive almost. Paul and his missing parts had been displayed in national and local press, had appeared on international and regional TV, had been flouted on the web, had featured in gossip rags and fashion mags. All the possible puns had been made. Stand up comedians included him in their acts, whole sections of chat programmes were based on the Kavanagh NutCase, schoolchildren giggled about him, and gangland thugs asked their prey if they wanted to be on the tele too.

Dr. Flynch cleaned his glasses on his cardigan, not because they were smeared, but because he needed to think. Miss Reinhart had scoured their files to no avail. She had followed every link, but had come up with nothing. Perhaps he had been wrong? Perhaps there was no connection between this Kavanagh and the Kavanagh that snagged in his memory? He had hoped that the pack of journalist, (or was it a murder of journalists?),would turn something up, would delve into the poor boy’s sordid past, but their work had been sloppy and superficial, as if they knew it was not worth a concerted effort - there is no time! Life is too short! News travels fast and dies young! 

Why had nobody done a decent job, chased up his relatives, got in touch with his old schoolfriends, found out about where he had worked, his movements up to the time of the incident? Why had they focussed their attention only on his madcap beliefs, the blood, the gore, the ridiculous hunt for his lopped off testicles?

No, there was only one thing for it – do it yourself. He would get Miss Reinhart on to it straight away.



Ever since we have been aware of our mortality, we have been obsessed with the idea that there must be more to life than this – surviving against all odds just to drop down dead at the end. Over the centuries thousands of theologians and philosophers have racked their brains to come up with an answer to those nagging doubts and universal queries: why are we here, where do we come from, where are we going? Not the most brilliant of questions, but still difficult enough. It was as if they believed that, given enough time and inspiration, they would be able to join up the dots and see the whole picture, like in a child’s colouring book.  Indeed, many even claimed to have cracked it, though the evidence was shaky and their cases would never stand up in court. 

So, like poor lost little children we keep calling out our unanswered questions to the heavens in the hope that some universal parent will hear us and explain it all in detail. No luck to date.

But Ron was a practical man. When asked about religion he would simply answer C of E, and refer you to the local vicar. The Church took care of such things, pretty much like the government took care of taxes and road safety. They had experts on every issue, and he was quite happy to leave it all in their competent hands. He would attend the unavoidable services, dress for the occasion, sing hymns heartily if required, and even give generously if there was no way round it. If any further contact was deemed necessary, he could always rely on Daphne, the perfect PR officer. Ron had more urgent business to attend.

Ken and The meaning of Life, the Netherworld, the Blue Beyond, the Church or anything vaguely similar did not get on. However, it was better not to cross-examine him on this as he would undoubtedly get in a muddle. As he would put it: I know what I mean. Expressing it was another matter. So he preferred not even to think about it, convinced that he could cross that bridge when he came to it. It was a bit like retirement, he sometimes concluded; the days worked and wages earned would be calculated for you, and then you’d get the pension you deserved. He had enough on his plate. Anyway, he could always rely on Jill to put in a few good words for him, she liked a good pray. Not that she was seriously religious, she just wanted to believe that someone was looking after things and lending an ear. Or something like that. One thing he knew; steer well clear of any mumbo jumbo, bible-pushers, gurus, soul savers in general and vegetarians. At least strict vegetarians.

Like his brother Paul. 

Who, for his part, had seen the Light, was possessed with the Truth, had joined up the dots. He felt calm and slightly superior, though burdened with the responsibility of preaching to the unbelievers. He was quite amused by the fact that everyone else thought he was mad; it seemed to prove his case. After all, look what they did to Jesus. And you certainly wouldn’t expect Ron or Ken to take such drastic measures of atonement. No, it had to be the spiritual member of the family, the guide, the saviour. He knew that his brothers and their respectives laughed behind his back, called him a weirdo, swore that he did it to call attention to himself, needed psychiatric help. He knew Ken thought that vegetarians and gays were all necessarily not right in the head, and that smooth talking Jill felt the same despite her kind words. He knew that Ron would love to disown him, or at least ‘cure’ him, and that Daphne cursed her luck at having a brother-in-law like, like that. But he cared not. He had the words of Mr. Swan. He had a bandaged groin as his testimony. He had his sacred ground. It was so much easier that way. Life just rolled out before you, tranquil and ordered and free of doubts. 

Which left plenty of room for the task in hand.




The supermarket was not only stacked full of tins and shiny glass jars. It was also full of furtive peeps, whispers, snide remarks, heads nodding in her direction, very polite smiles from people she’d never noticed before, and numerous accidental, casual encounters. Her trolley would be bumped – do forgive me, oh, I say aren’t you…..  As she reached for the baking powder another hand would coincidentally grab the very same packet – no, no, please, really, I insist, I didn’t mean to….  Any excuse seemed valid to start up a conversation which rapidly became an interrogation. Sometimes subtle, sometimes blunt, but always about Paul. And the same at the Post Office, the Savings Bank, the school. Yes, Jill had been well and truly put on the local map. 
And she loved every minute of it.

She had always been a closet gossip, had  always wanted to know exactly what was going on in the neighbourhood, in the family. But the difficult thing was to be ‘informed’ without being regarded as nosey, for like all women of good-breeding, she absolutely abhorred idle tittle-tattle. Discretion was the key. Jill ‘overheard’ conversations and comments whilst remaining strangely indifferent, aloof almost. She had certainly never intended to snoop. She also made a point of keeping her opinions to her chest. Neither judge nor condemn. Let others interpret the look on her face – her lips were sealed! 

So, by accident, she had gleaned tons of vital information over the years, information which she shared, in strict confidence, and not that she was really interested, with her friends, colleagues and neighbours. This was not gossip mongering, this was not malicious chit-chat, this was merely an interchange of local knowledge. 

But ever since Paul had become an Overnight International Celebrity, Mrs. Jill Kavanagh had become the Queen of Rumour. It took her no time to realise that she could obtain all matter of detail about almost anyone in the town in exchange for a few insights into the Missing Heirlooms Affair. At first she had been amused and flattered by the attention, and had fair traded snippet for snippet, but it wasn’t long before she had begun to understand the free market. She became ruthless. She wanted to know everything about the divorce, the sacking, the hospital visits, before she would give even the slightest glimpse of Paul’s complex personality. She no longer devoured soap operas or Women's magazines, she had no time, no need. She would spend hours in the shops, on her way to school, crossing the park, just talking and talking and talking. And the poor inquisitive souls flocked to her like refugees around an International Aid truck. She would take their money, their last prized possessions, and throw them a handful of grain in return. 

Without realising it she was fast becoming the most unpopular popular housewife in town. 

She wasn’t too popular on the home front, either. The time spent having to put up with nosey parkers and attending those damned phone calls, those insistent reporters, had to come from somewhere. Her kids, Susan and Robbie, normal, well-behaved happy kids, ten and eight years old respectively, tried to take it in their stride, but couldn’t avoid the odd ‘Muuum!’ when their packed lunch had no juice, or the evening meal was yet another hasty pizza. And of course Jill was not to be interrupted whilst on the phone or the laptop, which meant they got a kiss in the morning and a few minutes’ attention at bedtime. Luckily kids worldwide take life as it comes, heave a sigh, and just get on with it as best they can. 

Ken was another matter. 

He felt surrounded. There was mad Paul in every paper and on every TV in the world. There was big brother Ron fuming about his public image and the money squandered on St. Christopher’s. And now his wife! Like so many husbands, he hadn’t seen the warning signs, had believed every word his loving wife had told him. He had heard her say, from her own mouth! how much she abhorred idle chit-chat. He had swallowed all her explanations about how she knew so much about just about everybody (people confided in her because she was so discreet, and really not at all interested in local gossip). Like so many men, he couldn’t understand how she could say those things without really meaning them, how she could be the opposite of what she made herself out to be! Slow off the mark, poor judge of character, and a sucker for a burst of ‘sincerity’, especially if accompanied by sexual insinuation.

Under normal circumstances. Yet it is when people are under pressure that their true nature appears. So he was horrified to have to admit that his wife, his discreet, disinterested wife, was lapping it up! Despite his despair, despite his anger, despite his lack of control. Just when he needed her most, she was too busy enjoying the whole sickening mess!

No beer! Again! He stormed into the kitchen, ready to give her what for, but, as always, she hushed him – she was on the phone. He tried storming at her in sign language. She couldn’t play that game right at that moment. He insisted. She swivelled round on her chair 

 ‘Well, he’s not too happy at the costs involved, naturally enough.’

He yanked open the fridge door. No, no fucking beer! Incredible! Plenty of time to drag his family through the dirt, but no time to pick up a six pack. His anger was bubbling away and he was only too prepared to keep it on the boil. He needed to make a point, needed a gesture, needed her to see that all this had gone far enough. He stood in the kitchen and stared at her back. He was blank. 

‘in a way. Yes, mysticism, hmm, yes, in a way.’

He could bang out the front door and have lunch at the pub. But he wouldn’t be in the cheery mood required by such places, and just lately they all behaved a little uncomfortably in his presence. He could grab her by the hair and thrust the fucking mobile down her throat. But that isn’t done anymore, and like having an affair with the neighbour’s seventeen year old daughter, it would have to remain in fantasy land where he could control just how much it all got out of control. Reality has a habit of ruining dreams.

‘ha, ha, ha. Yes, yes, it does. Very good. Hmm?  Uh-huh.’

Now who was she blabbering off to? She seemed very relaxed, very friendly, very blasé. That’s it, tell the world! Hello, my husband’s got a mad brother, and you’ll never guess what he went and did to himself. Personally of course I suspected it all along….

He was still standing in front of the fridge staring at her back. He had managed no dramatic gesture at all, and now his anger was beginning to evaporate like rain off a car bonnet. He heaved what he thought to be a really big, saddening sigh, which fell on deaf ears, so he sank on to a chair and buried his head in the paper. He would refuse to talk or be friendly to anyone but the kids. 

‘Heavens no! If anything I feel the family is more united over this than ever before…’



Ron and Daphne hurried along the lofty, ornate seventeenth century passageways of the Town Hall towards the shoddy, functional twentieth century administrative buildings, apparently immersed in an intense and strictly private conversation. This was a relatively new ploy. He knew that once safely inside his office he could be attending a perpetual meeting. It was on the approach to this safe haven that the dangers lurked. There was an enormous variety of unwelcome interceptions on offer – toffee-nosed (I am not in the least bit surprised), smug (so, the ambitious high-flier bites the dust, does he?), jokey (literally tongue in cheek, as if chewing on a gobstopper), disgusted (lunacy is contagious, so best keep your distance). Even sympathetic (I always feel so sorry for life’s losers).

He locked the office door -  now they would not be disturbed. There was no need to inform Miss Bell; who better to keep a secret than a secretary?

Ron, as always, was fuming. To no avail Daphne had lectured him on self-restraint, the futility of anger, the importance of relaxation exercises. She had tried convincing him with Universal Truths – there’s no such thing as bad publicity, when the going gets tough and the like. But to no effect. He was, as the English so oddly say, beside himself.

‘Oh, that’s marvellous, just bloody marvellous. “We do not feel at this particular moment that you would be the ideal candidate”. Incredible. After all I’ve done for them, they stab me in the back. Et tu, Brutus!!’

He gave Daphne a grave, betrayed look, but she seemed to answer ‘yes dear, very Shakespearean. Get on with it.’ So he did.

‘Insult to injury, that’s what it is, insult to injury.’

He wanted to make his point, wanted to come up with something damning, but kept resorting to clichés. He needed help.

‘I can understand their viewpoint. What with all the media coverage of Paul, of that ridiculous hunt they have organised, I suppose they thought that a low-profile candidate was the safer bet.’

‘”Understand their viewpoint”? For heaven’s sake, woman, just whose side are you on?’


It was only a slight movement of the shoulders, but eloquent enough.

‘Sorry. Sorry, love. I, I….. ‘

The fatigued sigh was taken as an apology.

‘Well, every cloud has a silver lining – we were unlikely to win after the hoo-ha with the Industrial Estate anyway. Let Cummings lead the election and take the blows. When all this has passed over they’ll come back begging for you to take over again.’

Well, thank you for that, god bless you! He was genuinely touched. Pity that under the present circumstances such moments were so fleeting.

‘Ungrateful bastard.’

Once an unacceptable term, ‘bastard’ had now come to mean Paul, and was therefore useful in certain contexts. Daphne liked to feel she moved with the times.

‘All that cash wasted on him and now…’

He was back at the Julius Caesar sketch again, so decided to change tack.

‘now he wants to be famous! And that, that, ridiculous hunt for…..’

She recognised her own words here and was flattered.

‘It has all got rather out of hand.’

‘Do you think he really hid them somewhere?’

‘Well unless he had a bottle of formaldehyde on him at the time….’
 
‘Wouldn’t put it past him, I’m beginning to wonder if he had it all planned out from the very beginning.’

Oops, repetition. Daphne didn’t agree with that. He should have used a synonym. Start, for example. 

‘I don’t suppose he accidentally went into the country with a pair of sheep shears and accidentally castrated himself, do you?’

Repetition for emphasis is, however, acceptable.

‘No, no, of course not. I didn’t mean that, I meant the spot the ball competition.’

And this was what Daphne’s silence said: For you to merely imagine such a thing really puts you on a par with your brother, and makes me wonder if the whole family doesn’t suffer from some kind of mental problem. I sincerely hope not, for everyone’s sake.

This is how Ron interpreted it, and he was perfectly right. But of course a silence cannot be challenged, such thoughts would always be denied, so it had to remain on the ‘understood but unstated’ level of communication.

What a bitch, thought Ron, but this time without detectable signals.

Ron desperately needed to feel in control of the situation. Action of some kind had to be taken, and had to be taken under his initiative. Even if the ultimate conclusion was that nothing be done at all, that sleeping dogs were to be let lie, that was a decision that corresponded to Ronald Kavanagh alone.

He had made a list, as he was a great believer in lists.  The list, which was in reality a number of different lists brought together under the one heading: Action re Paul (he had at first written re Bastard but had wisely edited in time), had been divided into sub-categories. He had worked on the layout and printed off two copies. (Daphne insisted on having her own copy of his famous lists both as a matter of principle – are we not equals? - and as a guarantee – they will be kept as evidence and may be used against you). He handed her a copy and ran her through it in a matter-of-fact way he had picked up over the years. She endured him.

‘as you can see a chronological breakdown of relevant events…… the third column where I have detailed our costs……………  national press references which to the best of my knowledge …………………..’

Daphne waited her chance. She was not in the least bit interested in this orderly account of the past, or even of the dreaded ‘TO DO’ part he was saving up as a grand finale. What she wanted was to raise the subject of Kenneth, and by so doing, air her views of his not-so-very-nice-after-all wife. She needed to make it clear that she, Daphne, had been right from the start, that she had seen through that woman’s charade from the very beginning, that Daphne Kavanagh née Davidson was from hereonin to be considered and consulted as the supreme judge of character. Yes, Jill’s disgrace would be her triumph!

Ron was making his conclusions.

‘don’t think there’s a lot we can do without drawing attention to ourselves and therefore to the whole sorry case. Best if we just let it all fizzle out. People are getting tired of it all by now anyway.’

he added unconvincingly.

‘Well I don’t think you can get any more discreet than we have been about it all even before it all got blown out of all proportion. At the hospital, the church rooms, the home. Very low-key. What is needed is for others to follow suit.’

‘Well we can’t stop the press and the media from, from doing what they do, or it would be even worse. Christ! Obstructionism, that’s all we need!’

‘I wasn’t thinking of the media, they are as unstoppable as Canute’s waves. I was thinking more of our dearly beloved relatives.’

That sarcastic ring, that tight-lipped little smirk.

‘I’ve tried to talk to him, but he’s stark raving mad. You know he actually encourages the interviews? He even….’

‘Not Paul.’

‘He thinks it’s some kind of crusade or something, some kind of nutty mission impossible….’

‘I said ‘not Paul’. I know he’s unable to stop what he’s started, poor unstable thing.’

So sincere.

‘I mean your brother.’

Well, they were both his brothers, but he knew what she meant. 

‘Kenneth.’

Bingo, bright boy.

‘Yes. Though I have been informed that the real problem lies with Jill. She’s become quite an expert, and offers her services to all and sundry. She has set herself up as the family’s spokesperson, and is giving interviews to anyone who bothers to ask. Has she no idea of the damage she is wreaking?’

Ron had been caught unawares. He had no data, though he doubted not his diligent wife. What kind of interviews? How many? Were they calm, well-balanced comments meant to ease the tension, or rather gossipy, confused accounts told by a bored housewife in search of an emotional buzz? 

Daphne raised her eyebrows quizzically – well, what do you say to that, eh? Now what do we do? Taken unawares, were we. No, don’t ask me, you’re the driver, remember?

Their relationship had evolved from ‘can’t stand losing you’ to ‘can’t stand losing to you’, and as she had so defiantly dropped the gauntlet on his desk, he had no choice but to pick it up.

‘Get all the information you can, a dossier would be perfect. We’re going to cut this out from the root. I want blanket silence on all fronts.’

He had surprised himself with that expression. He liked it.

‘Blanket silence. We’re going underground for a while. All of us!’



Mr. Swan, also known as Johnny Eagle, had just seen the chronicle of Paul’s adventure on satellite TV in Rosie’s bar, Torremolinos, Spain. English spoken. It was obviously a news item that had been going on for some time as nobody made a comment, or jeered, or fell off their barstool. He looked around the room cautiously. No, no reaction. For now he was safe, no-one would suspect the friendly odd job man in his green dungarees. Johnny incognito.

He remembered the day he had wound up the New Forest group. It had been a magnificent summer’s day, when dowdy, dull, drab and dreary old Britain is suddenly transformed, as if by a magician’s wand, into what everyone had dreamed it once was. A bedtime story of a day, lush and luminous, as warm and moist as a childhood kiss. A stroke of luck, really, because it had made his words sound exultant and historical, had put him on a par with King Arthur and Churchill. A stroke of luck indeed, as they had not been particularly original thoughts, rhetoric not being his strong point.
‘Spread the word’ and ‘teach the blind to see’ were about as inspiring as the threadbare upholstery of a medieval throne. But if at that instance the sunlight should flood through the stained-glass windows at the right angle………

He had seen it in Paul’s eye – missionary zeal! The others, Mary Mary, mad Frank (don’t look into my eyes!), Tim the gnome, Barry the Freckled Man, that fat girl who had joined up towards the end and whose name he couldn’t recall, they had all seemed calm enough, happy to roll on to some other adventure. But Paul had always taken things so seriously, had always wanted to be the best, the teacher’s pet. Creepy.
He ordered another pint. That was the great thing about Rosie’s bar, you got real, British measures, not those ridiculous one-slug drinks the Spaniards give you. And you can understand what she’s saying. Fucking Spicks. 

He tossed back his golden locks. Ah, and Lucy herself, of course. Lovely bit she was. He wallowed in a few lascivious memories for a while before resuming. 

The last day. Time to move on. Before Lucy’s Dad arrives. Apparently he was tearing around town in his commercial van and had promised to ‘beat the shit out of that bald bastard’. Spare parts, for lorries I think she said. And before the local authorities asked for the donation back. There had been a little confusion here over the term ‘donation’, the council preferring to use synonyms. Still, sun shining, Paul to carry on the good work, get to see the back of mad Frank, the others happy enough. Shame about lusty Lucy, but….

And now this! Perhaps it was time for a new beginning, for a new messiah? He’d had about enough of the Costa del Bloody Sol anyway, so stubborn in their ways, so infuriatingly Spanish! He’d have to shave his head again.



Piqued. Yes, piqued rather than peeved, which sounded more childish, more huffy. Whereas piqued had an adult, reasonable ring to it. Though of course if anyone asked she couldn’t say ‘I feel piqued’, so what was the point in being so precise? Pissed off would probably do a better job.

Miss Reinhart was a not a happy girl. She didn’t mind the hours spent scouring the files, she had no complaints about meticulously cross-referencing the most insignificant details, she had even agreed to go to Burton Library and hunt through the last ten years, yes, ten years! of  the local newspaper. A whole week in a town she neither knew nor liked. Still, no matter. It was, she considered, part of her job.

But what Dr. Flynch now had in mind was, she felt, beyond her particular call of duty. The problem was, how to refuse. She had been practising her words all day, 
‘With all due respect…’ ‘Far be it from me to..’
phrases which sound great at the cinema but which get stuck in your throat and loll clumsily along the tongue in a well-lit office. She suspected that at the last minute she would blurt out some hastily contrived excuse which would make her lose face.
But the time had come, there was nothing to do now except grab the bull by the horns.

‘I don’t think I’m really cut out for……it.’

How she hated him sometimes. Those huge, mysterious eyes gazing at her as if from the bottom of a deep pond. The eyes of a sly, half-hidden monster lurking in the gloom. And his repulsive rogue hairs sprouting out of nose and ears adding to the ugliness of the scene. No wonder he couldn't find a partner. So different to the happy times when she felt so much for him. On his birthday, or when his wheeziness left him breathless, or when she saw him shopping, all alone under his toupee, a single plastic bag with one small tin of everything. 

He hadn’t moved, just kept staring back at her as if he hadn’t understood a word. Very well, if you insist on being the uninvited insect that spoils a perfect summer lunch.

‘I can’t….. I’m not a private detective, I’m a secretary.’

‘Thank you, Miss Reinhart, I fully understand.’

She slipped back to her office, unsettled but relieved, and made a reservation for one. 



Great invention belief. That nearly everybody believes in something is proof enough of its universal worth. The vast majority believe that a God (or Goddess), is responsible for the general running of things, whilst others, namely atheists, believe this is nonsense. There is a minority group called the agnostics, the ‘don’t knows’, (from the Greek: α- a-, without + γνώσις gnōsis, knowledge), who simply state the obvious – of course they don’t know, if people knew they wouldn’t need to believe.

A dash of belief, especially religious belief, is highly recommendable. It answers awkward philosophical questions at a stroke, staves off bewilderment and helps you to get up in the morning.  Who hasn’t asked themselves at some stage in their lives -  what’s the point of it all? Well if you just believe in something, anything will do, even a sci-fi film script, then that question itself becomes pointless.

Paul was a great believer. He honestly and sincerely believed all that Mr. Swan had taught him over the summer months in the New Forest. He had no idea that Johnny ‘Swan’ Eagle had made it all up off the top of his shiny head for the sake of a lay, a bed for the night or a freebie of any description. And he wouldn’t have believed it even if he’d found out. He had embraced those ideas with all his heart, they ‘made sense’, and he could not now live without them.

 He was not alone.

He had his disciples. They were mostly youngsters who had not been convinced by the beliefs they had inherited from their parents, beliefs often too outdated or too tattered for modern day use, and who hoped to find what they were searching for in Paul’s spirituality. They tended to come from the frayed edges of otherwise noble causes; militant vegans who glared at anyone eating ‘forbidden’ comestibles, resentful homosexuals cursing their luck and blaming all ‘straights’, indolent pacifists whose idea of an ‘alternative’ world was to do nothing except practice medieval circus tricks and beg. Slightly fanatic, deadly serious people who rarely smiled unless it was expected of them and who daily scoured the news for tragedy. Favourite colour black. Dr Flynch would sympathise.

People like Rani; a tall, lean lad of Asian descent, who was to Paul now what Paul in his day had been to Mr. Swan - his most faithful supporter. He dreamt of a world full of children in fancy dress and dogs without leads, but as nobody paid him any heed, he was usually to be found frowning. Or Rani’s girlfriend, (though she was not to be called that, as that was too conventional, but she was, and everybody knew it and said so out of earshot), a mixed bag of genes now known as Diamond, who latched onto anything that was ‘different’ because she hated the world as she found it. And Paul was definitely different. He was a self-castrated visionary who had been on TV. He had a message to offer the world, and if only people would listen, would try and understand, this world would be a better place.

So the three of them would spend the day honing down the basics of this new faith, elaborating on what Mr. Swan had taught Paul; the higher knowledge, the radio waves of Truth and Love, the symbolism of self-castration, each person’s desperate need for their own sacred ground. Diamond ran the agenda, Rani asked profound questions and cooked, and Paul gave over his entire existence to the cause. Was, as he put it, ‘vitally available’. 

All they needed now was a campaign manager, and he would be landing at Stanstead just before midnight.




It is relatively simple to drive a piolet into spring snow, but once the ice begins to slip and the avalanche has been set in motion, there is nothing that can be done to stop it. All we can do is watch as it destroys everything in its path. 

Dr. Flynch had never met Mr. Swan, and Mr. Swan had never heard of Dr. Flynch, but today they were walking along the same windy platform in the same town at the same time, Mr. Swan with his hood up to keep his head warm, Dr. Flynch with his collar up to protect him from the wind. Both drawn to the same spot by Paul’s drastic action, both with a mission to accomplish. 

Dr. Flynch could have arranged an interview with Paul at any time, but he had decided against it. He had noted that Paul’s interviews were always deliberately vague, and that he always managed to avoid sticky questions by going off at a tangent and insisting on the God element. What Dr. Flynch had in mind was something a little less direct, a little more subtle. He wanted the background. 

Naturally he knew of Paul’s brothers, and their relative social positions. Most of the press had revelled in Ronald’s fall from grace, as they rightly assumed that others’ misfortunes are greeted heartily by their readers. Of  Kenneth there was less to write about, and he had only been mentioned in passing. And that was about it. It was throw away news, and had been dealt with as such. Perhaps they were right, and there was nothing more to it than that. But he had this nagging doubt, and he would have to see it through now. He took a taxi to his hotel.

Johnny Eagle had been left behind in Rosie’s bar. He had shaved off his blonde locks, and now Mr. Swan would be taking over again. He knew where to find Paul, and would be paying him a visit shortly. But first he wanted to do a little background work, find out who Paul’s helpers were and the like, and prepare a little scene. He also had a few telephone calls to make – he knew a couple of people who might be very happy to see him again if he was lucky.

Dr. Flynch had not yet met Ken, and Ken thought he had never seen Dr. Flynch before, though in reality he had seen him a long time ago in a documentary about serial killers. But he had seen so many TV programmes in his life that his memory banks had become very selective about what they retained. So they paid no heed to each other as taxi and roofing van sat side by side at the traffic lights on Vine Street. Ken was thinking ahead to the afternoon and the brothers’ reunion. He had to stop this madness once and for all, for everyone’s sake, but especially for Jill’s. She was so, so ‘different’ now. She had time for nothing else, not for him, not for the kids. And Paul was to blame. Dr. Flynch was checking the addresses he had been given, and getting his bearings. He would begin with the hotel receptionist, then get out to the brothers’ neighbourhoods and start snooping.

On his way to the Café and Crème teahouse (the drinking would have to be done under cover from now on) Mr. Swan snuck by the Town Hall where Ron too was planning his afternoon visit to Paul’s headquarters. Success was imperative, but how to proceed? Should he be brotherly or authoritarian? Should he appeal to Paul’s better nature or use threat? Would Ken help or hinder? Either way Paul had to be silenced. He made a list of the main points.

The snowball had begun to roll.



Paul had set up his Centre of Spiritual Atonement in Rani’s ground floor flat. It was the bottom part of a large town house now divided into several flats and studios, with a tiny front ‘garden’ which was not much use for anything but parking space for a bike and a place to keep the dustbin. Three well worn steps lead up to the mauve and white front door. The hall stank of damp and dogs and looked as if it was tired of living. The landlord was clearly neither a handyman nor an interior decorator, unless of course he had specifically designed the place to give off a certain ‘shabby’ air. In which case he was a genius.

Paul knew what was to come. The elder brothers would apply pressure, nicely at first, nastily if necessary. They would ask him to stay out of the spotlight, be more discreet, keep up the family name, not encourage the press, lie low and stop being a nuisance. He would try hard to find some common ground, be Ghandi-like, be like the white-haired Hollywood priests, be patient and tolerant and extremely well mannered, but it wouldn’t be easy. Ronald knew how to make him feel small and Ken’s aggressiveness would make him nervous. It was funny; he was quite happy to face the mass media, to take on the role of the longed for prophet, to be the catalyst for a whole new religion, but to be cornered by his two angry bothers…… The idea terrified him. He would strive not to let it show.

Just past four o’clock. Diamond had prepared herbal tea. Rani had lit some Indian incense sticks. Paul had washed and shaved and brushed his hair back in a hair band. The room was as tidy as it would ever be. They sat in meditative silence and waited.



The roofing van crawled along the road looking for a Rover. There was no way Ken was going to be first, and as there was no sign of Ron’s car, he decided to go round the block again. Paul saw it go past three times before it came to a halt right in front of the house, just behind a Rover.  Ronald had finally arrived, slightly late due to irritating roadworks. He struggled out of his car and straightened his clothes. All his clothes; tie, shirt, jacket, trousers, even his socks. He greeted Ken stiffly, brushed himself down once more, and led the way up the steps like a bailiff. Ken followed gloomily.

Ron rapped on the door like a policeman. He bounced up on his soles a little, tugged at his jacket, puffed out his chest, readjusted his shoulders. He wante Paul to see that he was determined, vigorous, single-minded and more than capable of getting to the bottom of it all today, this very afternoon, once and for all. So he was a little disappointed when a solemn, dreary Rani opened the door and stood blocking his way. Rani said nothing. Ron glanced back at Ken, unsure how to proceed. A few seconds passed, then Paul’s voice called ‘come in’, and Rani backed off. The brothers walked in cautiously.

‘Who’s he, your bodyguard?’

joked Ken, but nobody appreciated the humour. Rani glared at him from his chair in the corner.

Paul didn’t get up. He sat in a half lotus in the middle of the room, Diamond behind him on the sofa, her legs tucked under her in a seemingly relaxed pose, but so obviously ready to pounce at the slightest provocation.

Ken couldn’t care less if Paul greeted him with a handshake, a hug, or a dismissive gesture – he was English and more than accustomed to idiosyncratic behaviour. But Ron had never quite come to grips with this selfish, egocentric, downright rude attitude he had to deal with everyday. No bloody manners, that’s what it was. If Mum could see him now she’d…..  People don’t stand up to greet you nowadays, or shake your hand, or introduce themselves.  They loll around with their feet on the furniture and grunt at you. You say, ‘hello, I’m Ronald’, and they shrug. It was one of his and Daphne’s pet hates, one of their hopeless crusades against the tide of modern mannerisms. 

‘No , don’t get up,’

he said ironically, and sat down in an armchair, into which he sank more than he’d expected. 

Ken remained standing by the door, not sure which brother to bop on the nose. He took a long look at Paul. Bloody weirdo. Now he thinks he’s some kind of Guru, with his hair done up like a girl, and these two dozy idiots hanging around him like flies round a pile of shit. Who does he think he is? Jesus bloody Christ? Jesus in a bedsit!! What a clown. And Ron? The immaculate, cuff-linked Ronald, so prim and ordered, with that ridiculous goatee beard and his society manners. What a pair! He felt like grabbing them both by the neck and ripping off their respective disguises. But of course they were no longer disguises – they had played their roles for so long that they had now become what they had proposed. 

There was an awkward silence, not really very long, a couple of seconds maybe, but more than long enough to make everyone feel uncomfortable. They had not got off to a good start. 

‘Sit down, Ken, would you like some tea?’

offered Paul. Diamond recognised her cue and waddled off to the kitchen, thus making space for Ken on the sofa. Rani continued to lurk in the corner like a shadow.
Ron tried to gesture to Paul that the three should be left alone, but Paul did nothing about it.

‘Do you mind?’

invited Ron to Rani, to no effect. 

Ken decided to take the bull by the horns.

‘We have some private things to talk about, if that’s ok with you.’

Rani checked with his master. Paul nodded, and he slunk off to the kitchen.
Over to big brother.

‘Well it’s no good beating about the bush’

he started, then, quickly, as an afterthought,

‘Feeling better?’

He took Paul’s smile as a ‘yes’ and ploughed on.

‘Look, we have to talk about all this’

he waved his arm around the room,

‘as it’s starting to affect us all. I can understand your point of view,’

he added insincerely,

‘but, well’

he shot a quick look at Ken,

‘well, we need to play things down a bit for a while, let it all blow over. Look, I’ve made a list of the things I think are…..’

‘It’s driving us all mad.’

interrupted Ken.

‘Just leave it to me, alright? Look, I think if we can iron out the main points….’

‘It’s all over the place, wherever you go, in the pub, at work, on the TV, in the bloody papers. It’s driving me mad. And Jill’s just about had enough too.’

By which he meant that she should be spared any more contact with the whole sordid affair or she’d go too far.

Paul listened and moved his sight from one brother to the other like the crowd at a tennis match. He was not too sure what they had in mind. Ron was edgy, and clearly keen to get the list dealt with as soon as possible. He was uncomfortable and dying to get out of there at the first opportunity. Ken looked more distraught, more emotional and less in control. It was not going to be easy to appease them whilst remaining true to his spiritual mission.

Diamond came in with the tea, and the three waited in silence as she plonked the tray down on the coffee table. She took advantage of this short re-entry to ask with her eyes if everything was still alright. Paul let her know with his eyebrows that it was all calm on the home front for now, but best be on guard just in case. Paul did the honours, pouring the herbal tea into three different and slightly chipped mugs. There was no sugar because sugar is bad for you. Ken took a sip, sighed heavily, and put the beverage back on the tray – he had expected ‘real’ tea. Ron, who had spotted the stuff from the start, didn’t even bother to try it.

Back to the list.

‘You have to stop giving interviews. You have to stop all types of media coverage. You have to go underground and not mention other members of the family. You have to actively avoid talking about what you did and why.’

Ron suddenly noticed that Paul had nothing on his feet, and for some reason he thought that just about summed it up.

‘And you have to stop that ridiculous hunting game. Daphne and I have suffered enough, and quite frankly I don’t think we deserve this treatment, especially after we’ve tried so hard to help.’

‘By sending him to a loony bin?’

Ron just shook his head – it was beneath him to rise to the bait.

‘Well? Say something. What do you think? Ah, and you’d be better off changing address, too. Everyone knows where to find you.’

Paul took a long breath. He was going to try. He was going to respond as best he could, without getting flustered, without jibing or deliberately annoying anyone if possible. It would have been easier with strangers, with casual acquaintances, but with his two elder brothers.....  They would try to unmask him, to browbeat him, to implore, to bully, to have their say and their way no matter what. But he had to try, try to convince, to get through to them, to communicate, to overcome their reticence, to overcome.

‘Brothers,’

he began.

They couldn't believe he had said that. Like a bloody priest! Should they laugh or take offence? They gritted their teeth and let him continue.

‘believe me, I had no intention, no intention whatsoever, of, of mixing you all up in….this. You know that. I did what I did. I had my reasons. Maybe now, in hindsight….’

He trailed off, as he had arrived at this phrase without really thinking it through first, borne on the waves of clichés. 

‘Well, it’s too late now. What’s done is done.’

‘Get on with it.’

Ken was getting sick of it all.

‘What I mean is that no way did I mean this to splash you.’

He turned to Ron.

‘You were very kind to me when I left the hospital, and I appreciate that, I know you only did what you did because you thought it best. Best for me. Both of you. Thanks. Really.’

Ron felt better already. Those were truly soothing words. Who knows, maybe his kid brother wasn’t so bad after all.

‘And you and Jill, too, looking after me in the hospital, always concerned about me. I shall never forget that. And I really am sorry that the press had to, well, drag you both into this, because it is nothing to do with you and they should leave you alone. In fact, more than one has promised me that, but then they go and do what they want.’

‘Vultures’

proclaimed Ron.

‘Bunch of sick bastards, they don’t care tuppence for anyone, they don’t care who they hurt, poking their noses in other people’s dirt…..’

Ken was about to go on a rant. He sat upright and stiff on the sofa, his hands rubbing his thighs energetically. His brothers recognised the symptoms and cut him short.

‘Be that as it may.’

Ron’s attempt.

‘Well maybe you’re right, maybe you’re right, but it was something I, I hadn’t intended. Sorry.’

“Sorry” is a revered word, so they remained in silence for a few seconds yet again. The eloquence of silence. Until Ron snapped them out of it. If he had apologised, then he admitted he was wrong, right? So now maybe we can move on and get down to the nitty gritty? 

‘We need some guidelines, some basic rules.’

He flipped open his notebook once more. The other brothers shifted uneasily. Ron was about to lay down the law.

‘Rule number one. You have to….’

‘Do we need to have it all spelt out for us, we’re not in a bleeding court room?’

interrupted Ken. He hated his brother’s little Hitler approach.

‘Anyway, you‘ve already said all this,’

he turned to Paul,

‘hasn’t he?’

 who nodded.

Great! Now they were ganging up on him. Had anything been concluded? Had anyone suggested anything better? Had anything changed AT ALL? This was going to be….bloody ridiculous!

‘All right, all right, so what do you suggest?’

And he closed his notebook the way he imagined a Headmaster would – calmly but firmly.

Ken had had enough. He didn’t want to spend all afternoon arguing, he wanted it all over and done with. Now. 

He stood up. Suddenly Paul looked so small, squatting on the floor like a hippy at a festival, that for an instant he felt like crushing him underfoot. He looked down at his long, fleshy face, the perpetual adolescent, that hint of a smile always hanging around his weak girlish mouth, and he hated him. Cut off your own balls? Then play Jesus? Then screw up everybody’s lives for some nutty quasi religious nonsense? He deserved a kick up the arse at least.

‘No fucking lists. No fucking about. Just stop, and I mean stop, blabbing off to all and sundry about…. whatever it is you blab off about. You’re screwing up my marriage, you’re screwing up his life,’

he jerked his head towards Ron,

‘and you’re making a prat of yourself into the bargain. Move out, sit still, and above all keep your fucking mouth shut!’

He was shouting by now, and the raised voice had lured Rani back into the room. He asked Paul if everything was ok. Paul struggled to his feet – he had to pacify!

‘Everything’s fine, everything’s fine.’

He tried to ease the situation with hand gestures, like a conductor saying piano, piano.

‘So much for the diplomatic approach,’

gloated Ron.

‘Oh fuck off!’

was Ken’s rhetoric retort.

‘Ken!’

Paul had seen all this before, and Ken would either now go mad and start a fight, or go sullen and stomp out. He preferred the latter. Meanwhile Ron would do his best to stir it all up, for some reason gleaning great joy from these family squabbles.

‘You want to watch your mouth!’

That was Rani, his arm outstretched and pointing directly at Ken, his eyes raging and challenging.

‘You talking to me?’

An unnecessary question, but part of the cock-fighting ritual.

‘Rani’

‘No, just leave it!’

‘Winner takes all! Pathetic!’

exclaimed Ron.

‘Shut it!’

That was Ken to Ron. This was fast turning into a bar room brawl. 

‘Do you want me to throw them out?’

asked Rani.

‘Just try!’

‘Please, please, just listen to me for a minute. Please!’

Another mini break for the tension to ease off just enough for speech to make its re-entry.

‘Please.’

Diamond took advantage of the lull to sneak in from the kitchen. She slipped in behind Rani and tried to catch Ron and Ken’s eye, hoping to confront them, but they avoided contact. First let Paul have his say.

Ah, if only life were a film! This would have been the perfect occasion for an eloquent speech – the tension had been created, they were now all on their feet, a silence had been granted, and the main character was about to unify and pacify. Wise words indeed, solemnly pronounced, and music to match. We could focus on his perfect delivery whilst the others, dimly lit, are moved to tears, or at the very least acquiescence. Ron would have given it a bash. But it wasn’t his turn. So, Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you – Paul Kavanagh!

‘Look, this isn’t about me. And I had nothing to do with that website, either. I can’t just, well, I can’t just, well, hide my head in the sand. Not really. But as I said, it’s not about me, well, not only me, as such. If only they could just leave you all out of this! But I can’t just, stop. It is important. So we have to reach, come to, you know, some kind of compromise. Middle ground. Where we all feel, well, happy.’ 

Something had happened that Paul hadn’t seen, because Ken suddenly pushed past him and headed straight for Rani. There must have been some silent taunting going on. Diamond spotted her cue again and threw herself at Ken before he could lay a hand on her Rani.

‘Leave him alone! Leave him alone!’

She screamed, scratching and flailing at Ken. Paul tried to intervene and got her elbow on his nose for his trouble. He started to bleed profusely.

Ken was unsure what to do. He could obviously knock her to the ground with one blow, and then easily deal with the other idiot, too. But could he, should he, strike a woman? He’d only lose out if it went to court. He decided to just try and keep her at arm’s length. Meanwhile Rani ran round the fighting couple and punched at Ken whenever he got the chance.

Ronald hated physical fighting – he had lost too many fights over the years. His was irony, scorn, subtly veiled insults. This was caveman stuff. He headed for the door.

‘I’ll do what I can to keep you out of this’

mumbled Paul through a tissue.

‘You’d better, or else.’

And he left.

Ken had struggled free by now. He warned Rani and Diamond to keep out of reach, then turned to Paul.

‘Keep us out of it. Just keep us out of it, that’s all.’

Paul nodded; he would do what he could. Then shook his head; all this violence! Then, spotting Ken’s bewilderment, nodded again; yes, yes, I will do what I can, honest!
Ken huffed, studied the back of his hands, and then he was gone too, leaving the sect to lick its wounds.


Outside Ron was sitting in his car with the door open. Seat belt already on. Ken sauntered over, a little deflated by now. 

‘We’ll have to keep an eye on him,’

sentenced Ron. 

‘I think if we can just be on top of it all, we may be able to play things down.’

‘Excuse me!’

A bald man, dressed as if he were about to enlist for Mao’s Long March, barged past. Typical bad manners, thought Ron. Shoving past like that, but with a ‘polite’ phrase grunted just in case. They watched as he headed towards Paul’s flat. A journalist? Should they intervene? But they had both had enough for one day. Ken closed his big brother’s door, gently, as he knew Ron hated slamming doors, and walked back to his van.

He felt defeated. His anger had got the better of him once more, he had solved little or nothing. He had almost beaten that girl …. He needed to get home, to Jill and the children, to spend the rest of the day with the TV and paper and the kids’ homework. To forget about it all, to pretend it had all vanished, a couple of beers, feet up on the sofa, and an early night.

No sooner had he walked in the door he knew there was a guest. The place was tidy and too quiet. He went into the living room.

‘Ah, you’re back. This is my husband, Kenneth. Kenneth, this is Dr, Flynch.’




Everybody likes a murder. It is the most basic ingredient in all box office hits and bestsellers, without a doubt the best way to guarantee the attention of the international Man (please read ‘or Woman’) in the Street. We are proudly presented with a violent death which leads us, through twists in the plot and gradually revealed clues, to Vengeance, or, as it is sometimes euphemistically put; Justice. 

The only condition is that the victim must die. They can then conveniently be forgotten, as our attention focuses on those left alive. The victim has its moment of glory, is eliminated classically (shot, knifed, poisoned) or ingeniously (buried alive, disintegrated, hung upside down over a sulphur pit), and then quickly disappears from the scene and our memories. After all, there are plenty more where they came from. Victims come, victims go.

But what happens if the assassin should bungle, if everything goes horribly wrong and the murderee survives? Then, inexplicably, they are banished to a kind of limbo, an almost unreal realm of induced comas, convalescent homes and group therapy. Few feel comfortable with this. Perhaps because a semi-tragedy doesn’t sell, or because the maimed have little poetic beauty. Either way it is a cruel and sad fact of life that the Great Public often thinks that these half-victims would be better off dead.

Miss Catherine Prior had often felt that way, too. 

Most of us have been through enough and seen enough to be able to, if not empathise, at least sympathise, so let us not wallow in her suffering. It is sufficient to say that her recovery, never complete, was arduous and painful. The wounds healed, but the scars remained. 

She was like a tiny frightened bird; nervous, jerky, of another species. Going out alone was unthinkable. Even years after that tragic night she was unable shake off the fear and a certain incomprehensible sensation of guilt. She never married, her relationships being awkward, taut affairs that inevitably came to nothing. The complexity and enormity of the task in hand was so daunting that it left her exhausted even before she had begun, and she knew she would never have the strength to see it through to the end. Instead she had taken refuge in her family, especially Trudy, her elder sister, with whom she had lived ever since leaving hospital.

Trudy was solid, both in build and character. She held her brown hair up in plastic claw-like hair grips, she pushed her sleeves half way up her forearms even in the cold, she swept out to work in a flurry, she wore an apron and listened to the radio whilst cooking. To Catherine she was like a second mother, capable of everything, always ready for action. No job was too big for Trudy. The house, the three kids, husband Chris, the Estate Agent’s and her little sister, all cared for with an efficient ease that Catherine both admired and envied. 

The idea for the only interview Catherine had ever given about the case had been Trudy’s. She had arranged it all and helped her sister prepare the questions in advance. It was to coincide with the second anniversary of the attack, to jerk the public’s memory and give fresh impetus to a police investigation which was beginning to flag. The reporter was a kind, friendly, patient young woman who was prepared to spend all the time necessary so that Miss Prior could feel sufficiently comfortable with the whole process. They had taken tea and gone over her answers together, and had parted on good terms. But when she had seen the final result she had felt betrayed. They had twisted sentences and taken them out of context, they had adorned her words with melodramatic phrases in an attempt to make the article more ‘attractive’, more ‘saleable’. She had felt used, and swore never to repeat the exercise. The police came up with nothing, the masses had new horrors to deal with, and she was left to come to terms with the sordid tragedy alone.

Or so she thought. But she was not alone. Trudy and her family had unconsciously taken upon themselves poor Catherine’s grievance. Chris Morton, tall, lean and as active as his wife, an ex army sergeant now working for a bank selling insurance, fantasised about catching the culprit and carrying out his own idea of justice on him. It consisted primarily in doing to the bastard what young Paul Kavanagh had decided to do to himself. There was more, but the details would change depending on his mood. No medieval torture was to be ruled out, and some more modern military interrogatory tactics would also have to be put into practice. It would have to be a long and extremely painful process, with Cathy giving the scum the coup de grace only if he begged for it. Maybe not even then. Perpetual torture. Even that was too good for him!

He had imbibed this spirit in his children, who, being good, obedient little things, had taken these ideas even further. So Danny, Tommy and Laura, now 18, 16 and 14 respectively, had no truck with soft, liberal, so-called justice. They wanted to bring back the rope, or the axe, or the rack. They wanted to brand and cut off hands. They wanted a show of strength, and none of this mamby-pamby conditional bail or parole nonsense. If only they could get their hands on a sexual offender! Or one each! Or a gay, or an illegal immigrant, or a pickpocket, or a liar, or an Inter Milan supporter. The list of potential offenders grew longer every year. 

Danny would fool you. He bent with the wind regarding fashion and dressed like most of his peers. That way he could find out who was who. Tommy was more open about it all, preferring close cropped hair and boots. Laura hadn’t yet decided, and just mooched about in whatever her mother thought best. But the three of them, along with their father, were united in their desire for vengeance. Aunt Cathy needed to see that they would not hesitate, that a form of justice would be done, that her cause would not be forgotten. And if they ever found out who had done that to her………



Daphne was driving the Rover. Poor Ronald obviously had no control over his own flesh and blood, so she would have to take it upon herself to set things to rights. She had chosen a sombre brown skirt suit for the occasion, with a cream blouse to match. No brooch today. She had recently visited the coiffure so she knew her hair would not let her down. Shoes and bag expensive yet discreet. She stole a glimpse of herself in the rearview mirror- yes, she looked the part.

She intended to get to the root of the problem, to confront the one person responsible for all of this getting so out of hand. She had thought it over well, and had informed Ronald of her intentions. He had been reluctant, of course, and had dithered as he did so often these days. Well fair’s fair, she assumed, he has been under a lot of pressure of late, and his political career was not exactly, well, not what you would call flourishing.

They had decided to meet at a quaint little teahouse overlooking the bowling greens of a small village just outside Burton. It was either that or a pub, or one of those ghastly department store cafés. It had to be neutral ground for psychological reasons. That ‘come into my parlour’ syndrome had to be avoided. On both sides, she hastened to add.

She parked as near as she could and set off on her mission.

‘Jill, have you lost weight?’

Can a question be classed as a lie?

‘If only!’

and Jill patted her tummy as she shook her head. She noticed Daphne’s impeccable appearance, whilst Jill’s dowdy dress sense could not escape Daphne’s clinical eye.

They sat at a neat table with white embroidered tablecloth and napkins. A bunch of wild flowers as a centrepiece. It was all very genteel, very coy, very ladylike. It made you think of words like twee, or doyley, etiquette and Empire, housemaids and social classes. The sugar didn’t come in a shaker, or even in individual sachets, but in delicate china bowls; white, brown or lumps. And the spoons were real. They ordered tea of course, Earl Grey, and some…..no, on second thoughts……oh, alright then, some butterfly cakes.

Outside some elderly couples were playing bowls. Do not be deceived by its slow paced, gentle mannered appearance; like diplomacy it is a game of ruthless skill. The idea is to find perfect curved lines so that you can get your wood as near to the jack, the little white ball, as possible. If to do that you have to knock others out of the way, so be it. 

They chatted idly for a while about the children and the weather and their health until the goodies arrived. They ate and drank good-naturedly whilst mutually scrutinising each other until, the second cup poured, Daphne took the female bull by the horns. It was the moment they had both been waiting for. 

‘I understand you intend to collaborate, or liaise with, or however you choose to put it, with this, this Flynch character. You do realise what this means, don’t you? You do realise the, the damage it will cause.’

Jill stared into her cup to avoid Daphne’s stern, schoolteacher gaze. For Daphne was indeed back at school, reliving her days as deputy head, imagining Jill was a silly sullen pupil who needed reprimanding. 

‘It isn’t right, is it? It isn’t right at all, Jill. Just when we thought things were dying down and we could get back to some kind of normal life, though God knows it’ll never be the same again. What good is it going to do anyone, or, more importantly, what harm is it going to bring, eh? Have you asked yourself that?’

She thought she was doing very well. The delivery had been calm and correct, and she had only muddled enough for it all to appear natural and sincere. Jill had bowed her head, which was always a good sign. It meant that she accepted her guilt and felt remorse even if she later tried to deny it. Daphne stared at Jill’s middle parting. Why doesn’t she dye her hair, she’d look years younger? 

‘Well?’

Jill looked up sharply. She knew Daphne had only arranged this little ‘tête a tête’, as she had put it, to cow her, in both senses of the word.

‘It’s all too late, Daphne, it’s all far too late now. The cat’s out of the bag, it’s common knowledge. It’s all over the papers and the TV. The whole town’s talking about it. Even in here.’

She nodded her head to another table which immediately fell into silence.

‘It’s no good burying your head in the sand, or hoping it will all just go away. Paul actually wants people to find out about it!’

‘Hmmf!’

‘And now Dr. Flynch is on to it, he’s not just going to let it go, is he? He’s going to snoop and dig and delve and dig up stuff eventually.’

‘Well good luck to him. But we don’t need to help him, do we? We should be trying to stop him for heaven’s sake, not encouraging him!’

She had wanted to say ‘not be blabbing it off to all and sundry’ or similar, but had decided beforehand to mind her manners. 

Jill shook her head as if poor ignorant Daphne just didn’t understand. It was spotted, as planned. 

‘Look, it’s all got out of hand a long time ago. It’s all over the papers. The best thing to do is try and control it from the inside.’

Now Daphne was shaking her head.

‘Really, from the inside, I mean it. If we let Flynch run free he’ll write what he feels fit and we’ll just have to grin and bear it. He’s going to find out anyway. He’s going to dig it up. But if we can, I don’t know, keep an eye on him, or somehow’

she was struggling for a word here

‘regulate it….’

She trailed off. Regulate was not the right word! Still, she knows what I mean.

I am talking to a halfwit. ‘It’s all got out of hand a long time ago’. One or the other, please! It’s all got out of hand, or it all got out of hand a long time ago. These, to others, insignificant grammatical mistakes irritated Daphne immensely. And the repetition. This time she would let it ride as promised.

‘That’s rather defeatist, don’t you think? It seems to me we are fanning the flames by playing along with him.’

Jill was shaking her head again. Daphne carried on stoically.

‘And to think that you can ‘control’ it from within. Have you any idea what the press is capable of? Just how much of it will be twisted and used against us? Have you any idea? They will stop at nothing, they are heartless, we mean absolutely nothing to them beyond sales and audience ratings.’

A pause for effect, then

‘They will destroy us, Jill. Not only Ronald and Kenneth, but you and I. And your dear children, poor Robbie and Susan. Have you thought about them?’

This ploy had been premeditated. She had come to the conclusion that Jill’s weak spot had to be her offspring. There she would attack. Could a caring mother really jeopardise her children’s future for the sake of an exclusive on TV? Could a responsible, loving parent drag her own children through the dirt?

Unfortunately for Daphne, Jill was not the halfwit she imagined her to be. 

‘I think we’d best leave the kids out of this, if you don’t mind.’

Which translated means: Who are you to give me lessons on motherhood? You are childless. You don’t like children at all. You prefer cars. You have no love for either Robbie or Susie and we both know it. You are sometimes terribly transparent, and it won’t work, ok?

Jill thought she was doing very well. So far Daphne had been just plain Daphne – a bit snooty, a little devious in an obvious manner, and with an air of superiority which was almost amusing. The most important thing to remember was to avoid the treacherous ground of family. No unguarded comments, no idle chit chat, nothing that could lastingly damage their intricate relationships.

Jill tried to sidetrack. She asked about the new outhouse Ron was putting up in the back garden. Daphne spotted it and brushed it aside quickly. This was not the purpose of the meeting. She would go straight to the point.

‘Would you consider backtracking and telling this Flynch man… where to get off?’

That was as close to swearing as she got. She had used the expression in an attempt to gain Jill’s confidence, as if they were really together in this. Two women joined in forces against this incredibly ugly man! She smiled. What do you say, eh Jill?

Jill returned her smile and let her have it right between the eyes.

‘I told you before, it’s too late now, it’s all out in the open. I did the interview two days ago and it’ll go out sometime before the end of the month.’




‘What did you do with them Paul? I need to know. I have to know.’

Mr. Swan had changed, or so it seemed to Paul. When they had been together in the New Forest sect, he had been so calm, so wise, had exuded soft words and subtle scents. Now he appeared to be less relaxed, more concerned with minor details, and on occasion even slightly irritable. He still maintained a number of his mannerisms; he would hold you by laying both palms on your shoulders, he would half-close his eyes when speaking, he would smile benevolently just before uttering words of wisdom. But now he would also snap orders, especially at Rani and Diamond, who he had not yet fully accepted. He deigned them ‘unprepared’. He was also extremely nervous about the fund-raising, and was forever on the phone to magazines, the radio, TV shows and the like arranging interviews for Paul to be able to spread the word. Today he had decided that the website prize should by rights be theirs. He would find somebody to collect it on their behalf. 

He leant over Paul and laid it on thick.

‘These people are trafficking with spiritualism, they are commercialising with things that are sacred, and we cannot allow that to happen. This is exactly what we are fighting against, what we are up against, and we can’t let it go on any more. It is making a mockery of your brave and, and divine act. We need to turn over the tables and throw them out! That money could be put to better use, could be used to expand, to grow. To help, Paul, to help.’

Ah, those pure, deep blue eyes! 

Paul could not say why, but his instinct told him to lie. Naturally he had not done anything with his discarded testicles. He had prepared everything under a large horse chestnut tree. The sheepshears he had tied to his belt and there they hung both before and after the castration. He had fainted, and when at last he had come round, the last thing on his mind was where to bury his nuts. He was not a squirrel. Instead he had left them where they were, and they had no doubt been avidly devoured by any animal or insect that happened to be passing by. The sacred ground he referred to was a spiritual ground; it was the tree, the small stream that had been nearby, the vast sky above him. It was his own personal paradise. It was not the exact spot where he had hidden his bloodstained gonads.

Nonetheless the idea had captured popular imagination. It kept people talking, guessing, wondering. It was useful because it was a mystery, and a mystery is only such if it is kept as such. He was learning fast. 

‘Let the hunt continue. Let the speculation fire their imaginations. It is a personal matter between myself and the cosmos. It is sacred ground, Mr. Swan, and will always remain so.’

Paul had definitely changed. Mr. Swan was perplexed. For Christ’s sake, he even spoke like a bloody messiah! Crafty little sod. Still, maybe it’s for the best. Let Paul do the spiritual bit, he’s certainly up to the part, and I’ll get on with the essentials behind the scenes. He decided to give it one more go though, just in case, implore a little.

‘Your sacred ground will always remain, Paul, with or without a cash prize. So better with. Then we can put it to good use, eh?’ 

Paul Kavanagh suddenly realised that he was in control, that Mr. Swan, Rani, Diamond, and the whole mass media now depended on him alone. His family, too. The sensation of power, of responsibility, of paternalism, was almost a religious experience. Like having an orgasm, winning the lottery and thrashing an opponent at the same time.

‘It is worth far more to us as a mystery.’

There would be no more debate – Paul had spoken.



Because it is about to hit the fan, historians and experts are now busy gathering all available evidence so that we can use it to draw our own particular conclusions. This information will enable us to outline our grievances, to justify our course of action and to vilify our enemies. Some of the facts will be taken as gospel, others hotly denied, others conveniently forgotten. We will be accused of cherry picking when in reality we are editing, putting together the pieces until the whole picture is crystal clear. As new light is shed upon the subject, so our evaluation of the situation will change. We adjust accordingly. Because the wonderful thing about the interpretation of data is that we inevitably discover that Truth is on our side, and that History will prove us right.

The TV interview had gone out as planned. Jill’s voice had been distorted, and her face had been replaced by a digital prism to protect her identity. Eerie music and a dramatic script had been employed to help boost the ratings. With the aid of Dr. Flynch’s celebrity status and the great public’s unhealthy morbid curiosity the show had been a resounding success. It had made its way into front rooms, living rooms and lounges across the nation, and although no conclusion had been drawn, a fateful connection had been established. Paul Kavanagh was the youngest son of Sam Kavanagh, the very same Sam Kavanagh who had disappeared in strange circumstances eighteen years ago, the very night that a certain unnamed woman had been coincidentally raped and half murdered. The point had been raised: was there a link?

The programme had also asked viewers for any information they may have regarding the whereabouts of the missing father, along with any ideas as to the whereabouts of Paul’s missing parts. To drive the point home, the squeamish had been forewarned and advised to change channels as photographs of mutilated young men and rape victims had been shown, drawn from the eminent doctor’s extensive collection. The final shot had been a close up of Dr. Flynch’s grave face cast into shadow as he mouthed the question – is there such a thing as an isolated act?

There are a number of theories vying with each other to answer this– The Butterfly’s Wings Effect, Shakespeare’s Providence in the Fall of a Sparrow, the lines on the palms of our hands. Tea leaves and tarot cards. Many believe our Destiny is written in stone, and though we may flee in the night to Samara, we cannot escape what Life has in store for us. Others have no truck with this and cling fervently to their faith in Equal Opportunity, Government grants and the odd stroke of luck. Be that as it may, one thing is clear – a prime time national public TV programme is certainly not an isolated act.

Kenneth and Jill saw it, with their two kids Robbie and Susan staying up specially to revel in their mother’s new found fame. The ‘delicate’ scenes were avoided by swiftly changing channels, as Jill knew the sequences by heart. Ron saw it, and Daphne too out of the corner of her reluctant eye. Paul and Mr. Swan, surrounded by groupies. Trudy Morton née Prior and the whole outraged family. And as the cat leapt out of the bag, butterflies batted their wings furiously, sparrows dropped out of the sky in their hundreds, while the innkeepers at Samara rubbed their hands in anticipation. 



After a month Sam Kavanagh had been spotted on seventeen different occasions in places as far apart as La Paz, Durban, Leamington Spa or Corfu. A woman in County Cork had even sent a photo of him in hiking boots and rucksack, smiling baldly on a windswept hill. Each serious claim was followed up as well as time and resources allowed, but to date they had all been false leads. Dead ends. 

Paul’s balls fared no better. There had been a number of hoax calls, most of them in a good-natured, humorous tone, and someone from East Anglia had tried to claim the cash prize by offering some badly preserved testicles, wrapped in tin foil, which later proved to have once belonged to a goat. The outcome of the competition was left dangling. Loose ends. 

Rumours spread like venereal disease in the Middle Ages as people swore they had it on good authority that all the Kavanagh children had been abused by their father for years, that Sam had not only raped and half murdered Miss P., but at least twenty more nationwide, that his long suffering wife had known all along, no, had encouraged him, no, had plotted it all right from the beginning. Poor Catherine Prior, had she bothered to read the ‘press’, would have discovered that she was a part time whore, selling her body to cover her university costs, had been pregnant either at the time of the rape, or immediately after. She had aborted, or given the child over to foster parents, or sold it to unscrupulous foreigners, or passed it off as her sister’s. Where is this child now? Another hunt was begun. It is incredible what the collective imagination is capable of, and casts a shadow of doubt over one of the oldest and best known clichés: fact is stranger than fiction. If this is so, why this insistence on adorning the facts with fantasy?

Not that Johnny ‘Eagle’ Swan had any issue with that, all this country wide coverage was precisely what he had hoped for. The sect was on the move from loony fringe to acceptable alternative, wealthy benefactors offered accommodation and transport, new members were more than happy to fund the startling enterprise with a percentage of their earnings, and healthy young girls were again to be seen swanning around. Paul, as visible head of the movement, concentrated, meditated, reflected and illuminated while faithful, if faithless, Mr. Swan was left with the thankless, mundane task of making ends meet. It was a cross he was more than willing to bear. For although gurus, prophets, visionaries and martyrs are all essential elements of any serious religion, without good administration no new sect is destined to last.

But one man’s meat….. Ron certainly was none too happy with the turn of events, neither was his co-pilot. They had watched the cursed programme in horror, perched on the edge of the sofa, Ron looking as if he would have liked to grab that Flynch type by the throat, Daphne shaking her head and snorting disgustedly. Treason! My own brother! Ken’s wife Jill as Brutus! They were astounded, shattered, flabbergasted even, which is a word that is seldom heard in these cynical times. Our own family! (Your family, thought Daphne). Ron could get no further than that, going over and over the interview time and time again only to reach the same exasperating conclusion – treachery! And how could they drag Dad into all this? How could they think for a minute that he would have done that? Madness, sheer madness! Something would have to be done. But what? Revenge? Yes, there was a great deal of attraction in the idea of Vengeance. But how to achieve it? What course of action to take when we are talking about blood ties? How could they have done this to him? Don’t they see that his ruin is their own? Betrayal, betrayal, betrayal! He held his head in his hands in genuine despair, having no need now for his amateur dramatics, whilst Daphne looked on, her face set in stone.



In the other Kavanagh  household the strain had been too much, and something had snapped. Yes, they had watched the show as a family, the kids delighted at having their mum on TV even if she was an unrecognisable hazy blob with a voice like an alien. They had all nibbled snacks as if watching the latest children’s box office hit, the adults had joked and explained away as best they could the scarier parts of the tale, but both Jill and Ken knew that their relationship would never be the same again. She had snatched her moment of glory, had been lured by the lights and the cameras and the relative fame of the anonymous interviewee, had gladly accepted the opportunity to break out of her dull, housewife’s routine and try something different, something exciting, something new.  But sadly each step in that direction was another step away from Ken, well she knew. K.K. for his part did not react. He just observed. Give them enough rope, he thought, though really he did nothing because he hadn’t the slightest idea what to do. How do you stop your wife from shouting it from the rooftops? How do you tell her she’s making a complete arse of herself? What can you do if your kid brother goes and chops them off, then wants the whole world to know? How do you stop them dragging up the past and smearing it all with shit? How do you make people respect the dead? Leave mum and dad out of this? Leave me and the kids out of it? How do you stop them when there are hordes of them, droves of them? He held his head in his hands in genuine despair – it ran in the family.


The threatening letters and phone calls arrived punctually as foreseen by Dr. Flynch and the local police. For despite all their efforts at blurring Jill and not mentioning names, the public in general is not as stupid as some would have us believe and is more than capable of putting two and two together. Most of them came from amateurs who, for want of anything better to do, had decided to turn their hand at frightening strangers. They promised everything from financial ruin to mutilation and death, often accompanied by obscure messages whose significance could only be known to the sender, or curious attachments such as plastic scissors or children’s toys. The phone calls were thankfully brief affairs, and more often than not a poor copy of similar calls heard at the cinema. Unnerving, but according to the professionals nothing to lose too much sleep over.

The language used was rarely pretty, and you could almost imagine them frothing at the mouth as they spewed out their filthy comments with relish. In a way they resembled those erotic letters published in adult magazines that nobody believes were really ever sent to the editor, improbable situations, starting off slowly then growing in intensity as the orgasm approaches, a rush of foul language, a gush or swear words, insults, hatred…… Then a hurried signing off as they reach for the box of tissues. 

All the brothers received them, as did other members of the family, even Mr. Swan. The police intervened, eventually, and they were given private ex directory numbers. After a superficial perusal by the local police the hate mail was redirected to Dr. Flynch’s office where it was eagerly awaited. Miss Reinhart diligently filed them all under K for Kavanagh, Sam father/Paul son.

On a brighter note they did receive some heart-warming letters too. Kind words of encouragement and sympathy from well-wishers across the country were to be discovered among the general abuse, and every so often even a donation. Ron and Ken always sent these back. Mr. Swan always accepted them as gifts from above.

Perhaps they would all have managed to come to terms with the new situation in time, just as people eventually get used to winning the lottery, if it weren’t for the odd missive that the police considered ‘worrying’. For amidst all the trash and self-inflicted indignation there were a couple of letters whose tone lead the authorities to believe that the author or authors meant what they said. And what they said was not nice. And it was best to be on your toes and watch your back, which is easier said than done. Just in case.




A tall gawky lad in baseball cap and anorak stood with his with a petrol pump in his hand and gaped. From behind the glass of her attack proof cabin a plump cashier with dyed blonde hair observed the scene in disbelief. They both thought somebody was going to get badly beaten up, or shot, or both. A robbery or a mafia killing. They froze, unwilling to draw attention to themselves, wishing they had stayed in bed on this cold, undesirable morning. 

The van roared into the service station and screeched to a halt just in front of a rather battered old mini bus, blocking its path. The driver of the mini bus slammed her hand onto the klaxon, filling the air with its heart stopping blare, which was very bold, and perhaps even a little foolhardy given the circumstances. The faces of her fellow passengers described panic. What’s going on? Who is it? Gangland thugs? Football fans? Skinheads? The police? All of these possibilities meant a beating. Why was it always the pacifists that got the shitty end of the stick? Why can’t we live in peace, or at least live and let live? What is it they take offence to, our haircuts, our clothes, our dogs? Our alternative toilette? 

The few seconds that elapsed before the van door opened and its occupants descended upon them seem interminable. Time enough for more professional types to have reversed out of there in a neat, handbrake turn operation, or to have locked the doors and armed themselves with whatever they had at hand. But like most friendly folk this particular busload was totally inadequate under the threat of violence. Instead they either sat stock still and waited for events to unfurl, or hugged each other for comfort.

A burly man in blue overalls climbed out of the van and approached the mini bus. At her wheel Diamond recognised him at once.

‘Quick! Throw a blanket over him! Over Rani!’

They looked at her in bewilderment.

Too late. Ken was at the sliding side door. He wrenched it open.

‘Where is he? Come on, where the fuck is he?’

Rani now understood the bit about the blanket. Diamond screamed ‘leave him alone!’, but Ken was not interested in Rani or Diamond or anybody else other than his kid brother, Mad Paul Kavanagh, the family destroyer. He scrutinised the bus load of disciples. Shit, he was not on board!

A bald man lifted up his two palms in a Ghandi like gesture of universal peace and well-being obtained through spiritual exercises. He believed he could pacify the beast and perhaps even covert him into a fully paid up member of the sect. Though he too had recognised the intruder, and trod warily.

‘I assume you are looking for your brother. He is not amongst us.’

Spoken calmly and coolly. Which was irritating.

‘I can see that. That’s why I asked ‘where the fuck is he?’ So, where the fuck is he?’

‘Paul can be approached at any time, you as his brother know that. There is no need for all this…aggression.’

“Can be approached at any time”. What a bastard! He’s been playing cat and fucking mouse for the last god knows how long and now he comes out with this!

‘Just tell him that I want to see him. Now! Not next week or next month. Now!’

The bald one bowed like a Buddhist monk and Ken saw red. Was he taking the piss? He leapt into the mini bus and grabbed Mr. Swan by the neck.

‘Don’t fuck with me, mate, just don’t fucking do it, ok? Or I’ll kill the fucking lot of you!’

No reply.

‘Got it? GOT IT?’

Mr. Swan nodded agreement. Ken let him go and backed out of the bus. Diamond and Rani remained as silent as the rest. He kicked the front wheel as a parting shot, waved his finger at them all in general, and drove off.

A little further down the road he pulled into a lay-by and cried. 



Life has its ups and downs, but ex-Councillor Kavanagh liked to think he was able to take the rough with the smooth. He had been dropped from the list. Dropped from the list! He who was being groomed for Mayor! Or Mayordom, or Mayordomship or whatever the term was. He had been cast aside, simply and crudely cast aside. He could recite the letter by heart: ‘The party feels that, given the circumstances……’ The word ‘iniquity’ crossed his mind, but he wasn’t too sure if it was the correct word, so he fell back into the comforting arms of betrayal.

Still, he was made of sterner stuff and thrived on a challenge. He had his contacts, and he certainly wasn’t one to sit around twiddling his thumbs waiting for things to get better. Oh no, this wasn’t the first time he’d been through a crisis, and he was determined to come out trumps once again. After all, he was a lawyer, and Daphne’s parents were loaded! A little hard graft, pull a few strings, and once the whole mess has blown over, ride back on his now well publicised name to take office! Public office! Then the back-stabbers would have to tread very carefully indeed.

Today he was off to see an old colleague about a consultancy post. Part time but very well paid, and just up his street, dealing with all the right sort of people; Delegates, Under Secretaries and the like. He had his new document case, his umbrella, and a rather classy raincoat. His shoes highly polished. He hadn’t so much as given a moment’s thought to his mad brother. Daphne held open the porch door and he dashed through the constant rain to the Rover waiting sleekly and faithfully in the drive.

A flat tyre? For Heaven’s sake! He approached with a heavy sigh. Two flat tyres? Two slashed front tyres! And an enormous scratch along the driver’s side! His heart began to beat at a furious rate. He ran round to other side. No, no more damage, just the slashed tyres and the deep scratch. A screwdriver, or the same knife used to destroy the tyres. Daphne watched as he went round and round the Rover but didn’t get in. Was something amiss? 

- Fucking bastards! Little fucking…..bastards!

- What is it? What’s the matter?

- Fucking mad, mad bastard! Bastards the lot of them! 

He stormed back into the house and called the police. Daphne tried to catch his eye, to let him know that swearing was entirely out of order, and that she was more than a little scared. They have attacked us in our own home, Ronald. But Ron couldn’t care less what Daphne thought. Some bastard or bastards hade scratched and sabotaged his Rover, and he knew who was to blame. He thought it was a good job Paul had made a pre-emptive strike against his own body, because if not big brother Ron would have done it for him! And only last week they had cancelled the comprehensive coverage. Bastards.

Daphne realised that something had changed, that she no longer had any influence over her husband. He didn’t consult her anymore, and acted as if she wasn’t there. He was apparently overwhelmed by events, had lost control, was as frightened as she was if he would only admit it, and was unsure how to confront this new reality. After shouting out his personal details to the police he put down the phone and stared out of the rain streaked window at the maimed car, brought to its knees on the drive.

- This has gone too far Daphne. Too far this time, too far, too far……

But he didn’t cry.




We inherit a great number of things from our forebears, both collectively and individually – international borders, large noses, class stigma and the like. Cultural details too, like a love of chips, the inability to really enjoy life to its full, or a particular dress sense which, seen from the outside, is a source of constant amusement. Some nations have been blessed with a feeling of superiority; they are the economic driving force of the world, have the largest army, most bars per capita, the best beaches, the longest limestone ravine. Others have the sensation their Past, or Life In General, or something, has treated them unkindly and prefer not to mention their unimpressive statistics (State controlled culture, longest working day, least hours of sunshine). It’s a lottery, and you get what you get.

Along with the silver spoons and boxes of photos, we also receive a carefully edited History lesson, where we are informed of triumphant battles against treacherous enemies, and how, thanks to glorious leaders and our inherent moral fibre, we overcame. Perhaps a few hushed up sentences about the odd ignominious defeat at the hands of unscrupulous traitors, merely added to explain to what depths our foes are prepared to sink in order to strike a coward’s blow.

For betrayal can never be forgiven. Nor forgotten.  And like a wedding ring or watch and chain, is to be looked after and handed down from generation to generation. That is why we ‘harbour’ a grudge, as if it were a tiny boat that needs protection from the storms, or why we ‘nurse’ a grievance, in case it should fall ill and die from neglect. Because one day, we hope, we may be able to right wrongs, to have our revenge and allow our ancestors to rest in peace. 

For the Mortons that day had arrived.

The more astute of you will already be putting two and two together: the threatening letters and phone calls the police had taken so seriously? The attack on Ron’s car? Yes, the family had swung into action. They had a plan, a strategy. They wanted the Kavanaghs to suffer, to feel insecure, to feel fear on a daily basis. They would harass and threaten, but carefully so as not to raise suspicion or get caught. They would stalk their prey until the time was right for the final attack. The problem was they were not too sure which prize to go for. Paul was obviously off his head and had gone and chopped off his gonads for some nutty reason or other. That shouldn’t stop them, or make them feel pity, not for a Kavanagh, not for a fucking weirdo. But it did take the sting out of their hate a little. Ronald was the big fish, but as they had already found out, his house had a modern and very efficient burglar alarm. That’s why they had attacked the car, which had been carelessly left on the drive and had been easily accessible. He also spent most of his day in and out of government offices which were surrounded by security guards and cameras. Both of these brothers would be made to suffer severely, but were they the right candidates for the coup de grace?

Their attention turned to Ken and his family. 

By now the rift between Ken and Jill had been certified. He had not moved out because he knew that if he did he would lose the kids, the house and most of his wage, would end up skint and living in the roofing van. So he had moved into the spare room, much to Susie and Robbie’s disgust – they had wanted to stop sharing a room and have one each. 

So they were now living apart, together. Not a relaxing situation. An icy silence reigned at meal times. There were squabbles over chores and money. The parents talked to the kids, but not to each other. It was an arrangement that could not last and Jill knew she would win all in the end, but for now they suffered it as well as they could. They both thought ‘just when we needed each other more than ever’. But some things once broken….

Danny Morton and his dad concluded that they were the perfect target. It was here that revenge would be wreaked at long last, so caution was advisable. They told Tommy to keep on harassing Ron and his wife by throwing bottles against the house, or kicking over their rubbish bins, stealing the garden gnomes or pushing abusive mail through the letterbox. Laura was still free to ring Paul’s doorbell then run away, or to send her friends to jibe at the disciples as they clambered into their minivan. As long as it was all still low key and anonymous they could continue. But Ken’s house was to be left alone. They couldn’t run the risk of alerting them or frightening them too much in case the police decided to patrol the area more assiduously. Soon Chris Morton and his son Danny would leap into action, but for now Ken and his family would be left in peace. For now.



Johnny Swan’s feathers had been ruffled. There appeared to be some sort of orchestrated campaign against their spiritual organisation. Hate mail kept pouring in, they were ridiculed by schoolkids as soon as they left the flat, some bastard kept playing a stupid prank on them by ringing the doorbell then buggering off and try as they may they couldn’t catch the culprit. He had been physically attacked and threatened by Ken Kavanagh, and when he had complained to the police they had limited themselves to saying they ‘fully understood his worry’, but eff all else. And all this is all very well if you think you’re some kind of saviour or martyr or something, if you actually believe in all this nonsense, but he was in it for the cash, for god’s sake, cash and a lay if possible. A better life, not a worse one. And what’s the point in having money if you can’t even leave the house without being hassled, eh? Or even go down the pub for a quick pint? And none of the new disciples came anywhere near lusty Lucy! Something had to be done before it all got out of hand and somebody got hurt, somebody like him.

But what to do? If he gave up now he would lose his free lunch ticket. It would be back to odd jobbing on the bloody Costa del Sol, or worse. No, it was never that bad, something would turn up as always. But it would be a pity to give up just as it was all swinging into place. Still, can’t carry on like this either, it’s too damned dangerous. Maybe move out, into my own apartment, paid for by the sect, somewhere I won’t be so easily found and bothered? A modest penthouse on the other side of town, perhaps. Somewhere I can entertain in privacy and really get to grips with the restructuring of the organisation? He decided to put it to Paul.

He found him squatting in the shabby back yard with his meditation group. They were meditating, needless to say, which consisted of sitting in a ring in silence. They adopted yoga positions or invented others, they breathed rhythmically, they moved as little as possible, they said nothing. They meditated. This could last several hours, meditation being an essential part of their daily routine. Spiritual exercise apparently. Once they deemed they were spiritually fit, they would all snap out of it and carry on as before until the next session.

Paul listened and in his wisdom agreed to let the Swan fly. He thought the group offered better protection, but he understood, he sympathised, he empathised. It also suited him – the time had come to separate the Church from the State. 



There are two sides to every ruler; one is divided into inches, the other into centimetres. Two ways to measure the same thing. It is the same with moral judgement. On one side it reads intolerable, outrageous, unacceptable, ought to be executed. On the other, justifiable given the circumstances, taken out of context,  unintentional misunderstanding, give them a knighthood.

We all have our two-sided rulers, and Miss Catherine Prior was no exception. She had been savagely attacked by a sadistic maniac. It had been brutal, mindless, with a total disregard for her person, as if she had been some kind of throw away toy. She doubted that she had been the first, or the last, to fall into his murderous claws, and if a flicker of that moment in the past should ever raise its ugly head she would shudder in repugnance at such blind aggressiveness. Violence, she concluded, was abhorrent. 

But she was no fool, and although she kept herself to herself she had eyes in her head.

Housing Estates across the country are dangerous places to live. They have been peppered with more than their fair share of broken homes, broken glass, broken limbs. There are neighbours it is best to avoid; keepers of genetically engineered breeds of dog, purveyors of yet-to-be-legalised substances, sensitive types who don't like to be looked at (who are you screwing?), petty yet oh so violent thieves. Usually you knew where they lived just by looking at the houses -  the shabby, filthy, run down ones with broken toys and scattered motorbike parts in the paved-over gardens. The social workers did their innocent, well-intentioned, inadequate best, but were usually sent packing with a gruff 'fuck off'. Sometimes though, just to keep us all on our toes, the thug would come from a tidy home, with pleasant, well-mannered parents. Maybe he had got in with the wrong crowd. Maybe we mollycoddled him too much. Maybe he would have been a menace anyway. Maybe if we had only... Too late now. 

They rule the roost, while the others peck on in fear.

The Mortons, she could not help but notice, feared nothing and no-one. Chris would park his car in front of his neighbour's house, even though there was plenty of space in front of his own. The neighbours never complained. He would borrow tools, but never return them. Keep them! He would play loud music at any time of the day. No, don't mind us, we like music. The boys would come home with bikes, footballs, video games. Apparently they were gifts from their admirers. But of course they were not admired, or even liked. They were feared. They were to be avoided at all costs. Why? Because they were dangerous. Aggressive. Violent. 


She saw all this, and should have disapproved. But they were on her side. They were her family, her protectors. They were sister Trudy's hubbie and kids. They were all she had, and they made her feel safe. 

But hadn't she been a student, hadn't she been to university, had she not received, unlike Trudy and Chris, Higher Education? How could she possibly defend these, these, (it's alright, they are out of earshot) bastards? Because she had sat Art, not how to understand a housing estate. Because she had been raped and all but murdered. Because now she sensed that perhaps there would be a little justice done after all.



Whenever Dr. Flynch mused over the Kavanagh cases, he would conclude either `highly unlikely` or `most probably`. 

Highly unlikely that Sam Kavanagh had carried out the attack on Catherine Prior. It just didn't add up. Rapists of that calibre give off other signals. They don't suddenly transform from whore going husbands into sadistic sex offenders. He had studied innumerable cases, and though it is true that sometimes the culprit would manage to hide for years under a camouflage of normality ( 'seemed like a nice man', 'always said hello' and the like), if you scratched the surface a little deeper, then a pattern would emerge. This was not so in Sam Kavanagh's case, or at least he had been unable to unearth anything to suggest it.

Of course if Sam hadn't done it, who had? And where were both of them now?

Had Paul castrated himself because he believed Sam had done it? Most probably. It explained everything. He had taken upon himself the presumed sins of his father, and had hoped to pay for those sins by his sacrifice. By symbolically, dramatically, cutting off his own sexuality, he was searching for forgiveness for his father's execrable act.

Which would be a shame if father Sam should ever be pronounced innocent.

What were the chances of that? Well thanks to American movies and TV series we are all pretty hot forensic experts, so let's look at the evidence.

The poor girl was ferociously attacked. Surely there must be something; a hair, a skin particle, a trace of blood, semen stains? Did they look under her nails, did they swab her genitals, was she fully examined for saliva or sweat? Was the area combed for even the slightest suggestion of a clue? Car tyre patterns in the mud, shoe prints, a cigarette stub? A book of matches with the name of a nightclub?

No. 

Unfortunately she was found by a milkman, who succoured her and sent for help. An ambulance team quickly arrived and whisked her off to hospital. As you may remember from many a script, this 'pollutes' the crime scene according to legal experts, and any evidence gleaned would be unacceptable. The case would be thrown out of court on a technicality. The local police, perhaps having watched the same programmes, limited themselves to piecing together the chain of events whilst trampling under boot all that vital evidence. 

She was thankfully not murdered, therefore no corpse, therefore no autopsy. She was photographed it is true, but not covered in fine dust. No samples were taken of any kind.
Her torn clothes were kept for a while in a plastic bag, then lost, then found, hen accidentally disposed of. This is standard practice in Burton, where luckily few crimes of this magnitude are committed.  Though if assassins and serial killers ever get wind of such incompetence things might change radically.

But for now Burton remains a relatively safe town, the Prior rape case is still 'open', as is the Kavanagh disappearance case. Thanks to Dr. Flynch the two are inevitably interwoven, though if there is indeed a direct link between them is a debatable point. Still, given the lack of solid evidence, Paul cannot be said to have made a fool of himself, and he is free to cling to his beliefs, if not his testicles.



The night Mr. Swan was stabbed to death, Ken had succumbed to his anger once more, thereby destroying his alibi.

On his way back from The Green Man, Mr. Swan rounded a large vehicle parked some two hundred metres from his new penthouse apartment straight into the arms of his killer. Three lethal knife wounds, one direct to the heart, and Johnny Eagle and all his aliases were no more. His man bag was found by his side like a faithful dog. It contained some keys, his wallet (cash and all), a phone, a receipt book and a blonde wig. Theft was clearly not the motive. The Burton Police Forensic Flying Squad swung into action. 

A little earlier on that very night Ken had lost it. 'She' would be back late tonight. 'She' didn't say why, as they neither asked for nor gave explanations any more, but he suspected it was all tied up with that Flynch creep and his cronies. The supper had not turned out as he had imagined, and both Susan and Robbie had rebelled. 'Just fucking eat it!' he had bellowed. Tears followed, and a grudge was born. Mum would be told all about it on her return. 

Now, to Ken's mind, if you are not on talking terms, you are not on talking terms, end of story. It does not mean we are on speaking terms if YOU feel like it, and if YOU feel you have the right to admonish ME. Which you don't. But she did. And he hit the roof, again. He tore into her despite the kids, banged doors, threw whatever was at hand  about the room as a substitute for strangling her, then stormed out of the house.

That night he spent in the roofing van, again. He had made it quite comfortable by now, with a mattress of roofing felt and some old towels for a pillow. But it was not home, and he was alone, and vans can't testify on your behalf.

It didn't take long for the dickheads at Burton Police Station to reach their foreskin conclusion – Ken Kavanagh was the culprit. No shred of a doubt. They had diligently interviewed the sect members who could all recall that fateful morning when mad Ken had attacked them in their minibus. The closed circuit television from the filling station had shown how he had swerved into their path and threatened them. By all accounts he had grabbed the said Swan by the neck and promised to kill him. He had been true to his word. Another Kavanagh. It obviously ran in the family. Pull him in.

So it was that poor Kenneth Kavanagh had been arrested, once he had climbed down from the roof he was working on, and taken into custody. 

Had he been taken in for questioning in a big city, London, or Milton Keynes, he may have been ushered into a modern room, with state of the art technology, designer furniture and a neat two-way mirror. A psychologist, probably female, would have been present, and an interpreter had he preferred to express himself in Kurdish. But at Burton Police Station it was the classic wooden table, uncomfortable chairs, three world weary, surly plain clothed detectives and a uniformed copper at the door scenario. The interrogation lasted for hours, mainly because he simply refused to cooperate and insisted on his innocence. How much easier it would be for everyone if he could just own up to it. Then we could all go home, or wherever, and get some rest. But no, he had to keep up this pathetic charade. It went something like this.

‘OK, let's run over it all one more time. And remember, you're being filmed. Now, where were you at 11.15 p.m. on the night of Thursday the 17th ?’

They all held their breath. Would he change his mind this time and confess? Or would they all have to go over his ridiculous excuses once more?

‘I was sleeping in my van.’

Oh dear, here we go again. Bastard. It's going to be a long night.

They supplied him with excellent motives for his terrible crime, explained to him exactly how he had planned it, his mental processes as he had thrust the deadly weapon into Johnny Eagle's chest, his comprehensible self-justification, as if they genuinely wanted to help him through this traumatic experience. They knew how he had been thinking and why. They were experts and had seen, believe me, so, so much, they understood just about all there is to know about the mystery of human nature, they were not there to judge.  All they asked in return was a little co-operation. To make it even easier they spelled it out for him, taking it clumsily in turns to talk, like at an award winning ceremony.

There's been a lot f talk about your Dad, a lot of mud slinging. Now who's to blame for all that, eh?

 That sect of your brother's, right? Because if he hadn't.... done what he did, then nobody would have been any the wiser. But you can't harm your own flesh and blood, now can you? 

So you take it out on the man behind the expansion of this cult thing. 

Yes, Mr. Swan as he is, or rather was,  known. You think that if you do away with the driving force behind the sect things may just die down a bit and you can all live in peace again. 

So removing this man is, in a way, a generous act. More importantly, your father's name is not taken in vain, if you'll excuse the expression. That's why you attacked him at the petrol station, isn't it? But there were too many witnesses, eh? So you prepare things a little better, you wait till he's alone. 

You know his new address because your brother told you, didn't he? 
So you follow him and kill him. That's why you were not at home that night, because you had a job to do, and a knife to get rid of, and some blood stains to clean up. Could hardly just go back home, could you?

Or.

Got a spot of domestic bother so we understand. You're a violent type, too, by all accounts. Maybe you'd like to hurt your wife, or your children, or both. But maybe you can't bring yourself to harm your own family, maybe you decided to go ahead with your threats and kill this Swan character as a substitute for not being able to kill your wife.

Or.

Your father did some very nasty things to a young lady here in Burton, or so they say, so maybe you didn't want to be any less, eh? Following in your father's footsteps, eh?


Poor Ken shook his head at this cheap psychology, shouted 'no' to all the perverse accusations, stood up in outrage and tried to grab a fat sneery one by the neck when he had said that about the kids, which seemed to please them. Why would I want to kill him? You tell us. I am NOT a murderer. We only have your word for that. He denied it all over and over again, but they insisted.

One last try. Which testimony would you like to sign? Silence. 

His wife and family would be informed, a toilet bag and a change of clothes would be obtained. In custody he would remain.



Ron had lost his fight against fear. He had tried to remain positive, to put on a brave face, to clench his teeth and his fists, to gnaw and claw his way forward. But it was just too much. The rubber man who always bounced back, the dog with a bone, the relentless fighter who would rather die than..... just too much.

Because it is not every day your younger brother cuts off his balls and proclaims himself to be the new messiah. It is not every day your father is accused, on prime time TV, of being a sadistic rapist. Without the chance to defend himself. It is not every day your car is attacked, your innocent neutral car, right outside your own home.  It is not every day your only other brother is accused of murder.

Daphne, take the wheel. Please.

Poor Daphne, she was frightened to the marrow, too. Not for a second did she believe Ken had murdered Mr. Swan. Yes, he was aggressive, and would no doubt have punched him in a brawl, have insulted him with that foul mouth of his. But stab him to death? Neatly, quickly, in cold blood? And with no alibi? Nonsense. Which was worse. Because it meant the killer was still at large. Which meant that she and her husband might also be on his list. But as the police thought they had the killer.......  

And now Ronald has reached the end of his tether. Strange, she'd never seen him like this before. Defeated. By events out of his control, granted, but defeated nonetheless. Now he had no initiative, had virtually given up acting, made no frantic phone calls, no more 'to do' lists. He limited himself to locking doors and staring out of the upstairs window. He answered her morosely, as if his destiny were already sealed, so what was the point of fleeing, of kicking up a fuss? 

Luckily for Ron, and for all concerned really, Daphne was one of those remarkable women that grow in adversity. Despite her shiny handbags and pursed lips Daphne, née  Davidson, was 'capable'. It ran in the family. Beneath that superficial veneer of snobbery and obsessive tidiness lay a woman who, though scared witless, was prepared to join battle with the devil himself. 

So it was that with trembling hands Daphne Kavanagh (surname only through marriage) slipped into the driver's seat, readjusted the mirrors, checked her hair and her lipstick. Now that Advanced Driving course she had taken would come in very handy indeed.

‘A lawyer. The best. Give me the number. I'll phone.’

Ron, being a former local politician, knew scores of lawyers - they were his legal bodyguards. He scoured the list for one specialised in criminal cases. Meanwhile Daphne got in touch with a private security company. If the murderers wanted their pound of flesh they'd have to sweat for it.



Jonathan Stanley Eagle, Mr. Swan and Johnny Incognito were buried in a ceremony as grey and uninviting as the word Protestant. The family had preferred cremation, but until the trial was over that was out of the question. His mother and her new man, his father and his third wife, and his elder sister from Scotland attended. Done and dusted in less than an hour. See you at the next one. Maybe.

The Sect had decided unanimously that this was the perfect occasion to create their own funeral rites. It would be a homage to one of the founding members, a tradition would be born. The Swan's flight to heaven. Poetic, graceful, free. Rani and Diamond took it upon themselves to arrange it all, as their spiritual leader was temporarily absent, at least psychically. 

Officially Paul was meditating. It was universally accepted that he could meditate longer and harder than anyone else in the sect, and that his meditation was of a higher quality than that of the mere disciples. They thought he probably got in touch with the Universe and reached Conclusions. He was not to be disturbed.

In reality he was riddled with doubt. Mr. Swan dead. Stabbed to death. And Ken had done it. Or had he? No. Of course not. Or had he? You never know what's going on inside another's mind. Was he like father, like son? Did things really run in the family? If so, why wasn't he, or Ron, like that? No, it couldn't have been Ken. But then who....? Then again he had attacked Mr. Swan at the petrol station, everybody had seen it, and the police are no fools. 

Had he been right to seek atonement? Was his cause a just one? Why did he only seem to cause pain and suffering when he so dearly wanted everyone to live in peace and forgiveness. That's what it was all about – forgiveness. Hence the gesture, hence the sacrifice. That's what Mr. Swan would have wanted, isn't it? The mystery of his hidden testicles? To save that poor girl. Because it was dad. It had to have been Dad.

The problem was that when Paul was distraught he had trouble thinking straight for too long. His mind got muddled and he tended to repeat himself, or forget how he had reached that point in his thought process. Then he would try to retrace it back to the beginning, only to get sidetracked once more. Sometimes he thought he had done things that had really happened to others. Sometimes he forgot what he had said earlier and contradicted himself. He had taken a lot of drugs over the years, and they had taken their toll. So he started all over again. Time was on his side if nothing else.

Two days after the burial service, the Sect held their very own funeral for Mr. Swan. A world première.  It was filmed and placed on the internet so that people could watch it in Japan and Chile. It was quite a success, being viewed by thousands of web surfers shopping round for a new-generation faith. The ceremony itself was no great shakes, being a pot-pourri of mumbled prayer, flowers, ethnic music and trance like dancing, and of course there was no corpse present, but it had worked.. The word was spreading, the Sect was growing.


So who killed Mr. Swan? Some of you may think you already know the answer to that, but as the Burton police have shown us, it is best not to jump to conclusions. The Mortons? Not directly.

Certainly we cannot blame the overworked detectives for not thinking of the family of the victim of the rape case that took place eighteen years ago.  They are fumbling around in the dark and don't have access to all the information available. They have neither the time nor the resources to follow every single lead. They have enough on their plate.

As well as a prime suspect.

So far the Mortons had remained off the radar. The rape victim's sister's family did not raise suspicion, was not a line of investigation, was not even considered. There was a tacit agreement to leave the poor woman alone, she had been through enough, and after so much time what was the point? Her sister's family never came into it.



Mr. Morton, ex army, was furious. He grabbed Danny by the neck as he entered the hall and held him up against the recently wallpapered wall, a few inches off the floor so he began to choke.

‘Are you fucking mad? Are you fucking mad?’

The second 'mad' was accompanied by a thump of his head against the wall. Danny took it like a man, as he had leant to do throughout his childhood. It was better that way, lasted less. You kept your honour and were back in the good books in no time for having reacted correctly under duress. He held his father's gaze. There was a tense moment whilst the two stared at each other like fighting stags with their antlers tangled. Eventually Chris let his son go. 

‘It wasn't me, Dad. And you know it.’

Which was almost true. Chris Morton had been truly shocked to hear about Mr. Swan's death. Not because he felt it as any great loss for humanity, but because he couldn't imagine who it could have been if it wasn't one of his offspring. They were up to it, the boys at least, or so he thought. But to go off and just do it without consulting? Unthinkable. Unless they were growing up, unless he had a problem on the discipline front, unless that fucking Danny.....

So he had decided to lie in wait for Danny. Trudy was working at the Estate Agents. The other two were at school, or at least supposed to be. Catherine would be floating around the house like a ghost somewhere, but that didn't matter. It was for her sake anyway. Father and son would thrash this out together. If Danny had done it, the fewer people that knew the better.

‘It wasn't you? Then who the fuck was it? Who the fuck gives a toss about that smarmy weirdo?’

He had never met or seen  Mr. Swan before, but he had a vivid picture of him in his imagination. Which strangely enough was not far off the mark.

‘It wasn't me, Dad, and you know it.’

He drove the point home as he had seen its effectiveness. It worked, and his father backed off into the spotless, softly furnished living room.

‘Alright, alright. So, who was it? 'Cos you know, don't you, you little bastard. I know you know, and you're going to tell me, right? Come on. Who?’

Danny went sullen. He was in a dilemma. Yes, he knew who it was, but he had sworn not to tell anyone, ever. And you don't make a promise like that too lightly, not to someone crazy enough to knife a stranger to death as a 'favour'. But he couldn't hide it from his Dad, either, not for long. That would be impossible, the harassment would be constant and would increase in intensity by the minute. He would tell eventually, or die in the process. Unsure what to do, he did nothing. 

His father saw his predicament and sympathised. Loyalty was top on his list too. But he was his father, so cut the crap and spit it out, or else.

‘You've got two minutes, starting now.’

He used them up, staring at his boots while his Dad stood over him, ticking off the seconds. Time's up.

‘Well? Come on, you know your secret's safe with me. I'm a tomb, a dead man. Who was it?’

‘Bobby Hornsby’

‘God help us!’



The acronym SMS, short message service,  is a relative newcomer to world language. Its creators were lucky to have been able to use these initials at all, because SMS  was about to come into common usage over a hundred years ago. It finally lost out to SOS.  Dot, dot , dot, dash, dash dash, dot , dot, dot is now universally accepted as the international distress signal, Save Our Souls. You can flash a torch, tap it out on radiators, blast the tune on your horn, it is instantly recognised. However not many people know that this was originally intended to read Save My Soul, much nearer the truth, and also shorter, the letter M being designated only two dashes, not three as in the letter S. But diplomacy prevailed, the 'My' was changed to 'Our', solidarity was imposed, selfishness suppressed, primitive survival instincts corrected. Thereby leaving room for future inventions.

Save my soul, sorry, save our souls, was, is, the normal reaction in times of disaster. Ron had thought of his crushed ambitions, of his own demise. Daphne of her safety and the enormity of the task in hand. Paul of guilt, justice and salvation. It was only much later that they stopped and wondered how Jill and her two children were managing under these tragic circumstances. Or how Ken was bearing up in custody. And the fact that this delay is natural and recurrent was no comfort to one side of the Kavanagh family. They felt abandoned.

Ken was incommunicado. He could contact a lawyer, he was told, but he wasn't his big brother and he didn't have a choice of buffets. One would be assigned. Until then, nothing. No inquiries, no visits, nothing. He had disappeared into the bowels of Burton Police Station and been forgotten. The only contact he had was with his interrogators and the warders. Not much of a social gathering. More than anything he wanted to see the kids, little Susan and Robbie, though not here, not behind bars. Jill he had no desire to see;  he couldn't help but blame her obliquely. 

Jill was staying with her mother. The police had turned the house upside down and would probably do so again over the weeks. They had interviewed her, naturally, but she had not had to go to the Police Station. Two very young detectives,  one of each sex,  had questioned her in the kitchen. They had been very understanding in a clumsy, official, form-filling way, and had ruffled the kids' hair in an awkward attempt at compassion. Then they had left her to clear up the mess. Ken wouldn't have phoned even if he'd been allowed. No news from Ron or Daphne. Not a sausage from mad Paul. Not even a ring from Dr. Flynch, which was odd. Back to Mum's, again.

So when Ron and Paul did eventually get in touch, they realised that their initial self-centred attitude would be taken down and used against them. To make amends they came bearing gifts. From Ron and Daphne a calling card and an appointment with one of the best solicitors on their books, Dennis Quigley of Quigley and Woo Associates.   An expensive gesture on their part, but according to them 'the least we could do'. They were well on the road to forgiveness. Nothing much was expected from Paul, perhaps  some commiseration,  a show of belief in his brother's innocence,  a prayer. But once again he managed to surprise everyone: he  had a job offer.  Yes, for Jill. He understood she must be in Skint Street now her wage earning husband, estranged husband, was being held for questioning indefinitely. Well Paul had lost not only a founding member, a guiding light,  but also a treasurer. Someone had to take control of finances, someone he could trust, someone in need of a job, someone spiritual at heart? Flattered, she accepted.

Mr. Swan was dead, his killer on the loose, Ken had been wrongly accused of his murder and now slept under coarse blankets, Ron and Daphne's ambitions had been shattered and they lived in fear, Jill's family lie in ruins.  But we content ourselves with small blessings. A good lawyer was now onto the case, Jill had a job, the Kavanagh family was back together. Things were looking up.


Things just didn't add up. Dr. Flynch had spread the photos of Mr. Swan's corpse over his desk, along with the police file photos of Miss Catherine Prior, post attack. The gore was reflected in miniature on his thick lenses. He would dearly have liked a few photos of Paul staggering into Nutswood, too, but alas no such documentary evidence existed. Something was missing, or perhaps even somethings, in plural. He was more and more convinced that Sam Kavanagh was not responsible for the rape of that poor girl. The profile didn't fit, and he would be prepared to defend that in court if necessary. The same went for Ken Kavanagh.  He was sure that Ken was incapable of such premeditated murder. You don't kill a man in cold blood then blithely go back to work without an alibi. 

So Sam Kavanagh had to be found. Or at least the real sexual offender had to be unearthed. Then he had to come up with Mr. Swan's real killer to be able to clear Ken. Put like that it also sounded ridiculous. Here were two crimes, violent crimes,  wrongly attributed to members of the same family. Highly unlikely. Although to be fair Sam had never actually been accused of anything other than disappearing. In fact it had been Dr. Flynch himself who had rekindled the rumours about his possible implication. So perhaps we had two different cases after all. Miss Prior may simply have been a coincidence. But Mr. Eagle was certainly dead, just look at the snapshots, and Ken Kavanagh had been arrested and accused of his murder. He sighed and flitted through the photos once more, hoping that he would suddenly see, as they do at the cinema, something nobody else had seen before, and 'zap', the case would be solved. With just twenty four hours to go. Phew! Unfortunately Dr.  Flynch's reality was much the same as everyone else's and he saw nothing new.

He was reluctant to contact Jill. They had become 'friends' over the last few months. He had invited her to his office on various occasions and shown her his collection. Again, that is not a euphemism. Still he found himself growing fond of her. She was an attractive woman, to him, and he knew the home front was not exactly a bed of roses. She seemed to find him attractive too, though perhaps on a more intellectual level. Either way they both suspected that, had they met under different circumstance, in a different age, in a parallel world, perhaps, well, who knows? Or at least that is what he imagined. But now she was the wife, albeit separated de facto, of a presumed murderer. He should not be seen liaising with her, it would only be fodder for the prosecution. If he wanted to maintain his reputation for independence, and that was indeed his intention, he would have to steer well clear of Mrs. Jill Kavanagh. So he sent her an SMS.



Bobby Hornsby had a future in long term institutions, but for the time being was about as mad and as violent as you can be without being locked away. Basically because he hadn't been caught yet. Naturally he'd been in trouble often enough, had been through his probation and asbos, but that was all under age stuff, the modern equivalent of caning, and about as successful. Bobby Hornsby was an 'acquaintance' of Danny Morton's, as you can't be 'friends' with someone like that. Bobby Hornsby would cross the street and punch you to the ground because for some reason or other your walking along that stretch of pavement at that time of day offended him, made him see red. Bobby Hornsby hated everyone, including his Mum, starting with his Mum, which in a boy just ain't right.

Chris Morton couldn't stand him, he considered him a bad influence on his kids. He had warned them to give this nutter a wide berth, though he also knew that if Bobby decided to 'befriend' you it was difficult to avoid his bear hug. To Chris Morton people like Bobby Hornsby gave violence a bad name. Aggression was a tool to be used as a means to an end. If he thumped Danny's head against the wall it was to glean information. It was not done for fun. If he caught Catherine's attacker and ripped off his bollocks it was in revenge, it was not light entertainment. But this Bobby. He'd beat you to death for the hell of it. Or for a packet of fags. Or because it was Wednesday. He was dangerous, mad, out of control, an ill wind.

He had no racial awareness either, and would hang around with blacks and Pakis and god knows who else. Anyone who would put up with him, or didn't know how to get rid of him. And he was just too hairy, had far too much hair, his thick black hair sprouted out of his head just above his thick black eyebrows. The bastard would never go bald, which to Mr. Morton with his receding hairline was provocation. 

But that was beside the point. What Chris really needed to know was - what the fuck was this  maniac doing knifing that Swanny bloke? The kids explained.


Both Danny and Tommy had recruited help for their harassment campaign against Paul's headquarters and Ron's house. They were the kids from school, their mates, their neighbours. They'd let sister Laura in too, but had warned her for her own good  not to tell anyone, because she was a girl, and too young, and needed their protection. They were good brothers. Laura grinned as she sensed her father's pride at her precociousness. Unfortunately Bobby Hornsby had found out about it and wanted to take part too. What could they do? At first he had joined in just like another member, ringing the door bell and running with the rest of them. But then he had got out of hand. He'd pushed dogshit through Ron's letterbox. He had hurled a rock at Paul's window which somehow hadn't broken. He had wanted to lie in wait for the sect members and beat them up. The other kids were at a loss what to do, because if Bobby got out of hand they would all end up in trouble, and most of them couldn't afford that, not again. But nobody in their right mind would say-  'Listen Bobby, we don't want to call too much attention to ourselves. We want to maintain a low profile here. The idea is to ruffle their feathers without getting caught, without going too far, ok?' They were all young and did not wish to be disfigured and spend the rest of their lives in a wheelchair. Ah, how many times had Father Morton warned them of the company they keep. Then to everyone’s relief he suddenly stopped turning up. They all thought he'd had enough and had moved on to cat hanging or old lady beating. Two days later Mr. Swan was stabbed to death. Bobby had shown Danny the knife, the same one he'd used to slash Ron's tyres. The idiot refused to throw it away because it had been his uncle's or something. The only good thing to come of it was that Bobby Hornsby now felt he had done enough. He had lead the way, was the hero, the man of the moment. He would be followed and respected. Now he could leave the 'kids' to their childish games, could move on to find something better to do with his valuable time. They hadn't seen him since.

Chris Morton dismissed his troops and ordered an end to all hostilities for the time being. Events had moved on too quickly of late and he needed time to regroup and revise his strategy. Anyway, he had a sneaking suspicion that if he was crafty enough this Bobby Hornsby incident might even turn out to be a stroke of luck.



The Burton police are owed an apology. It was not kind to call them 'dickheads'. Given the circumstantial evidence at hand they could not very well have left Kenneth Kavanagh at large. They were virtually forced by events to arrest him and charge him with the murder of Mr. Eagle. That does not mean however that they necessarily believed him to be the culprit. At first they had just been doing their job, and had sincerely hoped for a swift end to it all. They had wanted Ken to be guilty. But now they were not so sure. After questioning his workmates, his friends, his family, after heaven knows how many cross examinations, they tended to agree more and more with Dr. Flynch.  Call it a hunch, a gut feeling if you will, but the more time went by, the less they considered K. (as he was fittingly referred to in their internal notes) capable of committing such an atrocity. His defence lawyer Quigley had quickly come to the same conclusion, much to everyone's relief, and he was convinced that Kenneth would eventually walk free from this hastily put together accusation. He would be proven innocent.

Not that the media or the general public could care less one way or the other, they were having fun reaching their own verdicts. It was like a game. You had to pass judgement on the evidence you were given. You could pick and choose which evidence you considered relevant to the case – snippets of information gleaned from press reports, quotes from unnamed sources, what you heard on a radio debate. Personal theories did not need solid proof either, and would be taken into consideration at the time of passing sentence. There was no need to beware of slander or false testimony, neither you nor your witnesses would be thrown out of court. You could harangue and jeer,  insult and smear to your heart's content because you were both judge and jury, prosecution and defence, guardian angel and warder. You were The Voice of Experience, hardened through a lifetime of TV detective series and movie murder plots. You knew how the human mind works, what makes a villain tick. You had it all on file. 

You put down your coffee cup and wipe your mouth on a serviette, you want to sum it all up, but to avoid saying something cliché like 'I rest my case', you choose something less pretentious, more layman. Mark my words, you say.


Parallel trial. The idea was driving Ronald insane. He didn't want to know what the papers said, what the TV made of it all, if Paul's gonads had been found or not, but at the same time he could not stop buying newspapers, soaking up the news on the hour, scouring the web for the latest gossip. He claimed that all this nonsense, this, this, bullshit, left him speechless, which was not true, as Carlton the security guard could confirm. Ron may have lost his verve, his drive, his keen initiative, but he certainly had not lost his desire to play to a crowd, albeit a crowd of one.

Codswallop! The nerve of it! Where do they get this stuff? Christ, it's enough to make you, you...  They've been nosing around the old school for god's sake. What are they going to do, eh? Ask old Moseley if we played truant? Stole a magnet in the third year, did you, smoked behind the bike stands? Eh? Carlton. What do you make of that? Journalism? Fucking shit stirrers.

'Fucking' he almost whispered. It was audible, but only to those with a keen or lurid ear. It took the edge off it, made it sound less common. Sometimes, if he really fancied a rant, he would change the 'f' for a 'p' and slag off the whole pucking lot of them.

Impassive. That was Carlton, Carlton Wallace. He listened in a gentlemanly way, he nodded, every so often he arched his eyebrows ever so slightly, as if changing his facial expression was reserved for more tragic circumstances. He didn't laugh, or show anger, or make comments of any kind. Which to Ron was a challenge. 

When Mr. C. Wallace had first been assigned to the Kavanaghs, they had decided to maintain a strictly professional attitude whilst in his presence. There was no need for the security guard to be informed of their personal family life. He was there to perform his duty. Full stop. But as time passed, and it had been over two weeks now, Ron had started to appeal to Carlton's more sensitive side, his heart, his soul. By hook or by crook Ron would crack that man's mask, get a snort out of him, a cackle, a hoot, anything.

‘Mr. Wallace. How would you feel, I mean feel, deep down, if you had a brother in prison who was wrongfully accused of a crime he had not committed? What would you do? How could you come to terms with it, with all this mire, grime, filth?’

Impassive.

‘Eh? Carlton? Your father maligned?’

Impassive.


Daphne had felt a little uncomfortable at Mr. Wallace's posting, especially the first few days. It was a question of contact more than anything. There had been an Asian girl at school once, but she was not in her year. She hadn't noticed it at first, but over the years she had come to realise that her life up to now had been extraordinarily, shall we say,  mono ethnic. Carlton on the other hand was what she had referred to as an Afro-European, which was awkward, because although she did not consider either herself or her husband to be  racist, she was all too aware of the fact that she may be accused of being so. Some of their friends were racially prejudiced, it was true. John and Catherine for instance had lived in Africa for many a year, too long probably, and couldn't help but refer to those of African descent as 'our coloured brethren', said with raised eyebrows and a 'knowing' look  It was not a feeling that she shared. Therefore she had to pre-empt any suggestion of that ilk. She had learnt through her social work that simply ignoring the issue would not do at all, you can't pretend you haven't noticed.  After all, if someone is blind, they know full well they are, and they know that you know, so the best thing to do is be natural. Although it isn't always that easy. It's like being surrounded by jockeys and saying daft things like 'his house was so small', or 'he had such a tiny car'. Perfectly innocent sentences not meant to harm, but... Context. Taken out of context and used against you. Dreadful situation. Not that being of African descent can be classed as a disability, she wouldn't like us to think that. That is not what she meant at all. And naturally she had nothing against jockeys, either. It was rather that, well, his being a different colour, and quite obviously so, quite blatantly..., and now that you can't say 'black' or 'coloured' any more, well, you just had to watch your tongue, be very careful not to indirectly, unconsciously offend. Which is easier said than done, because Quigley's car was black, and it does get dark very early these days. And some people seem only too ready to take offence, seem to enjoy others' discomfort, are always ready to play the victim. She decided she would call him Mr. Wallace. She would be polite but distant, be her middle class self,  that way she could avoid the pitfalls of presumed  discrimination.

Carlton, born and bred just on the other side of town, had spotted it, was not in the least surprised, it was written into the address -  these little isolated pockets existed all over the nation. She seemed to want to scream 'for heaven's sake I am not a racist, I don't mind, I don't care, I judge not. But you are black' and it had irritated him. For the first  few days he had remained aloof, impenetrable almost, and this had made her feel flustered and ill at ease. But after the first week he had decided to give her a break, as she was clearly distraught. Anyway, he thought she suffered enough having a husband like Ronald. 



As always Mr. Ronald Kavanagh was immaculately dressed . He was unable to don a track suit or loll about in pyjamas even if he had absolutely nothing to do all day – some habits never die. Except that today he had a full agenda, and was expecting Dennis Quigley to arrive at any moment, fresh back from another fact finding mission at the provincial prison. Daphne was in the study, phoning around, putting people in touch with people, in an attempt to put together a juicy contract for Quigley and Woo Associates, which they could then use to 'negotiate', thereby keeping down their own personal legal costs. Another arm and a leg and Ron would be limbless.


Dennis Quigley arrived punctually, at 12.30, as planned. He parked the car whose colour Daphne could no longer name and picked his way nimbly up the drive. He was plump, with short legs, but dainty feet which seemed far too small for him, so that when he walked he seemed rather to dance, giving him a slightly camp air which had confused more than one. Carlton opened the door and showed him through to the lounge where Ron stood eagerly. They whizzed through the normal formalities, grunting 'good afternoon' and the like, then settled down into their respective places, a seating arrangement set on his very first visit and upheld ever since. The comfort of routine. 

Ron admired Quigley as a lawyer, but was appalled by his appearance. His shirt and suits were always too tight, accentuating his stoutness, and the design was neither here nor there, neither old-fashioned nor modern, neither shabby nor smart. Nondescript. And his hair. It looked as if someone had smeared his bald head with glue then stuck his head in a bucket of gingery fluff. It was thin and wispy, with no defined style. He was pale, too, overly so, and appeared unwell, giving the impression that he was a creature who had adapted to his surroundings, whose  features had evolved over the years to better suit his dress sense. In short he looked untidy, therefore unprofessional, thereby fooling us all.  

They were about to begin when Daphne entered. She threw a glance at her husband which said 'I hope you weren't thinking of starting without me'. Of course not dear, he smiled back weakly. As if he'd dare. She took her place. 

Her presence unsettled the two men. That mauve dress with a silver belt, her heavily lacquered hair, a waft of a familiar perfume they couldn't name, round beady eyes shaded in blue, her tight, no nonsense mouth. She came from a world of unfathomable taste and fashion, of infinite subtle decisions of colour and design. Pearls or chain? Long sleeves or cardigan? Important choices had to be made, the wrong shoe, smudged lipstick,  ill matching accessories could spell disaster . So much easier to stick to collar and tie. What drove her to hide behind so much make up, to spend so much time time worrying about what to wear? To please them? To make herself attractive? Surely not. Did she think this was carnival or something? What point was she trying to make, and why couldn't they ever grasp it? 

They shrugged it off. A mystery it would remain.

Dennis Quigley explained himself as best he could in layman's terms. It was difficult avoiding his legal jargon because it was the language he used every day, and because he enjoyed sounding like a learned gentleman. It gave him credibility, the way doctors baffle their patients by telling them they have articular synovitis, instead of swollen  joints.  But   Ron and Daphne would have none of it and would frown when he used subpoena or section fifteen, article six of the penal code. Keep it simple Dennis, we're paying.

His voice didn't help, either. He had a slightly higher than normal pitch, with a shadow of a lisp, difficult to pin down but definitely in there somewhere. If it wasn't for the fact that he was married with two kids... Perhaps he could learn something from Daphne about presentation after all. 

The news was not all bad. He had spoken to both the prosecution and the judge assigned to the case, and neither of them seemed too convinced about Ken's involvement. They had urged the police to re-examine the evidence and to search for another possible culprit. Ken for his part was bearing up alright, the fact that nearly everyone believed he was innocent helping to bolster his spirits. Jill had been to see him again and this time he had agreed to see her. She would be taking the kids next time. Either way he would be appearing in court for the first hearing sometime next week, most likely Wednesday morning, so they could all get to see him then and try to lift his morale. Bail was out of the question unless the police dropped charges, which at his moment in time was wishful thinking. They needed a lead, but for the time being they had nothing to go on.

In a worst case scenario Ken would stay in jail until his trial, say in four or five month's time if all went well, then be released on lack of evidence. He had it on good authority the Crown would not appeal, the case was too weak.

Ron smiled and slapped his thighs as if to say 'fine, well that's that, then'. Quigley bowed his head slightly in recognition and acceptance of this subtle praise. Luckily they were in good hands, he seemed to say. Had the men been alone, preferably at a snooker table, they could have shaken hands, maybe shared a few jokes over a decent whiskey, perhaps even have mentioned the unmentionable – fees and compensation.

But Daphne was present and she was not so easily contented. She inhaled deeply, ostentatiously, as if counting to ten very patiently, then slowly exhaled through her nose in a weary, it looks as if it's up to me again sigh. Ron recognised the gesture, it reminded him of his father-in-law. Not a pretty sight. He sank back into his passenger seat.

Daphne turned to Dennis Quigley and gave him a six inch nail gaze.

‘I think you have met Mr. Wallace, Carlton? He is a security guard. He now lives here with us, on a permanent basis, day in , day out. I have to say he is discreet, and very courteous, but his presence in this house is, how shall I put it...? Let us just say that Carlton is unfortunately very welcome, but we would prefer not to have him around, if you follow me.’

‘Naturally, and of course I fully..’

‘Mr. Wallace is protecting us, Mr. Quigley, protecting us with his own life. That is praiseworthy.’

The slight emphasis on that was lost on Quigley, but not on Ronald. Should he come to Dennis's rescue? Best not be too hasty.

‘You say Kenneth, poor Kenneth, is apparently not considered guilty of murder. I am very glad to hear that. We both know he is capable of many things, but murder.....’

‘And as I pointed out..’

‘So he is innocent, it appears. Fine. Let us all thank god for that. Shall I tell Mr. Wallace, too? I'm sure he'll be very interested to hear that.’

 Quigley wriggled uneasily. What was she trying to say? Why wouldn't she let him get a word in edgeways? She smoothed down her dress and spoke to her knees.

‘But answer me this. If Kenneth did not kill this Swan character, does that mean that the real killer is still at large?’

‘If I may just..’

‘And if this madman is still stalking the streets, does it mean that we are safe? That we have nothing to worry about, that he is not going to attack us?’

She stood up abruptly.

‘We are fortunate, Mr. Quigley. We have Carlton here to look after us. I fear Jill, or Paul, or the other sect members have no protection whatsoever. I do not feel it is time for self-congratulation at all. Not at all.’

‘It was never my intention..’

‘I have a list of things I want you to take care of. In my office.’ 


She left. Ron looked at Quigley in disbelief and stroked his goatee beard in wonder. Had she really shown compassion, for Ken, for Jill? It was possible, he supposed, theoretically. But to extend that to the sect members? Astonishing. He had liked the bit about the list, though,  his influence undoubtedly, although 'my' office was going a bit too far. Dennis, who had not understood a word, mistook Ron's facial expressions. He thought he was just saying 'huh, women!'. A touch cliché, but a sentiment he wholeheartedly agreed with. He winked good-humouredly and took his leave.

Daphne escorted him to his car. 

‘I want you to do your best to find out what you can about Ronald's father.’ 

Quigley's eyebrows shot up.

‘Yes. As July Andrews would say, let's start at the very beginning. I'm sure it is all tied up with that horrid rape business.’

Dennis couldn't imagine Daphne watching The Sound of Music. He felt relieved that at least she hadn't broken into song.

‘His father? Yes, of course, I'll do whatever is in my power, though......’

‘I'm sure you will. Not a word to Ronald. We must get to the killer before he gets to us.’



Newspapers around the world have learnt to move with the times. Like the Catholic Church and latter day Monarchs they have understood the need to emerge from behind  their lofty walls of scholarship and superiority and mingle with the crowd if they are to survive. Every so often they take the temperature of their influence in the public debate and react accordingly. Changes are made. Sometimes it's the content, sometimes the packaging. Broad sheet s go tabloid, advertisements go full colour double page spread, information extends its hand to entertainment, rigour bows out to impact, impartiality becomes synonymous to sitting on the fence and is therefore ridiculed. 

Still, as the Germans used to say, twenty million fascists can't be wrong. 

So it was that one fine Sunday the nation woke up to yet another Exclusive. Well, it was sold as such, though in reality it was simply an in depth article about Paul's Sect, commonly nicknamed the Sex Pistols Sect (Never Mind the Bollocks). Months after his initial fame had fizzled out, months after his brother had been hauled in for murder, a respected, perhaps even respectable National newspaper had decided to give him a re-run. What made it different? Firstly, the sheer weight of a Sunday paper, both literally and figuratively. Also, the scale of the investigation –  professional photography, excellent graphic design, lengthy interviews, well-documented background, even an investigation into its funding. Reading between the lines it became apparent to the more perspicacious that the Established Religions wanted this newcomer off their patch and had flexed their muscles. They had learnt their mistake. Unless you stop the rot right from the beginning you never know what might happen. Any madcap idea seemed to catch on at an amazing rate, and now Mormons and Scientologists were skimming off revenue which used to belong to them. Zero tolerance was the key, as any Church worth its salt will tell you.

But this insight into human frailty alone wouldn't have been enough to warrant a sixteen page Sunday tour de force. The fact that large parts of the human race have a Hubbard in the cupboard or believe wholeheartedly in Star Wars or The Old Testament is eye-openingly sad, but it does not sell papers. No, as always it was the violence that tipped the balance. From rape, to self-castration to murder. In a quasi religious context. What more did we need? 

The Kavanaghs and their world were analysed in detail, and conclusions were drawn from the available evidence. Given the reputation of the newspaper in question, these conclusions would now be accepted as standard, would take the place of the truth, and could be quoted in good company without fear of contradiction, because we now had it 'on good authority'. 

The Sect was dissected. The reporters were let loose and encouraged to sharpen their teeth on their prey.  As we all know, criticism is subjective, therefore any attribute can be easily and safely ridiculed. If it is big, it is unwieldy, if small, insignificant, if medium-sized, neither big nor small, neither here nor there. Paul's Religion was not worthy of that name, it was not mono theist, there was no written code of conduct, no established system of rites. It seemed like a cheap imitation of Buddhism with a dash of late sixties hippy-ism and some left wing influenced nonsense. Kid's stuff when compared to the Anglican Church or Islam. No points. 

Paul himself had to be dragged over the coals if his new religion was to be dented. He was portrayed as a drug soaked visionary, a megalomaniac who would stop at nothing to gain fame and fortune. He somehow manipulated his followers through his hypnotic powers until they too would do whatever he commanded, like domesticated zombies or customs officials. Like his brothers he was genetically flawed and violence was his natural language. At best his self castration had been an attempt to curb his inbred aggression, to stifle his instinctive anger. At worst it was a callous, drastic and profitable publicity stunt. Some, who wished to remain anonymous, even suspected that he had urged his brother Kenneth Kavanagh to kill Mr. Swan, co-founder and treasurer, so as to be able to place his sister-in-law in charge of financial affairs. He was intelligent and cunning, devious and conspiratorial, and quite probably the worst thing imaginable – a drug trafficker. 


Damning stuff. Only the thick-skinned or those in the trade managed to take it with the mandatory and advisable pinch of salt.

As for the rest of the family – off with their heads!

Ronald came from a broken home. His father was a drunken, womanising, child-beating despot, his mother an unnerving creature who had somehow inspired and encouraged this domestic hell. There was talk of a rape and attempted murder. The father ran off, the mother covered his tracks and refused to collaborate with the police. The case was never closed.

Against that background of fear and oppression, young Ronald had forged his character. He would not only survive, he would thrive. He would dominate and achieve success no matter what the cost, not unlike his younger brother Paul. But whereas Paul had chosen to exert his influence through an invented religion, Ronald had decided to use an already existing route to goal – Politics. Much of a muchness, as both sought the road to Power; the doorway to financial well-being and the right to decide for others. Luckily for society in general he and his cohorts (sorry Daphne, mud-slinging is not an exact science) had been brought to their knees.

So what hope was there for Kenneth, sandwiched between these two calculating siblings? Ken was the dim one, the brute strength. He beat his wife (supposedly), he beat his children (apparently), he terrorised the whole neighbourhood (reportedly). He would even scrap with his brothers given half a chance, half a reason. Now he was legally separated and awaiting trial in jail. For murder. Of none other than his brother's chief rival. Meanwhile his ex wife raked in the cash.

There was a little obligatory if insincere soul searching, too, at the end of the masterpiece. Is society, that is each and every one of us, to blame? What conditions are necessary to create such aberrant social behaviour? What can we do to assure these dysfunctional, unstructured families cease to exist? How many more are there out there threatening our way of life, our very existence (see graph)?

It was poured over at breakfast, digested after lunch. The public had been informed, had been warned. Beware the Kavanaghs, beware brainwashing sects, beware the rockers of boats. 

Chris Morton tossed the glossy mag onto the coffee table, then quickly repented and folded it neatly back into the newspaper and popped it into the magazine rack. Tidy is as tidy does. He needed to think, so he went out into the yard to play basketball.

The trick is to find the game that best suits your build and skills. If you are burly and brash, try rugby or handball. If you are lean with a keen eye, why not give squash a go, or ping pong? Chris was tall and strong, disciplined and competitive. He loved precision and power and smashing the ball through the ring over and over again. Basketball.

It was all coming to a head and he would have to move fast, to take the important decisions now, over the next few days. From what he had understood the Kavanagh trial would be a matter of weeks rather than months, so it was now or never. 

Everything had been meticulously planned, he had gone over every tiny detail again and again. This was not something he had learnt in the Army, where he had only been a link in the chain of command – he had received orders which he had then passed on. His was not to question why. They had taught him self-discipline, how to fold a uniform and polish boots, how to become a cog in a well-oiled machine, but not how to plan a mission. Leave that to the clever ones; Chris Morton was a fighting man. Unfortunately for him the war had arrived just a couple of years too late. His country had supplied weapons to a distant dictator over the years, and when he was finally armed to the teeth with obsolete military equipment they had decided it was safe enough to attack and try out their new, sophisticated armament. An excuse was found to take offence, the tension escalated, and at long last a new enemy was created. Chris had pulled every string he could think of to get sent to the front, but his superiors deemed he was of more use to them back home, training a new generation of cannon fodder. He had worked as hard as anyone, suffered, sweated, eaten trash and swallowed abuse, but he would not get to see the action, no do or die, no death or glory. After fifteen years faithful service he quit.

The best way to forget something is to write it down, his father had told him. Well that may be so on a domestic basis, but at a busy insurance office it was next to suicide. Take notes, and re-read those notes every so often, or that phone call, that meeting, that visit will slip your memory and bounce back on you. If you want to succeed in business be meticulous (and keep your political beliefs to your chest).

He had worked up a sweat now and was feeling good. He tried a long shot, a three pointer, but it hit the rim of the basket and skewed off into the hedge. The problem was that writing it all down generated evidence. So he was forced to memorise it and then destroy it, like a cold war spy, like ex-Councillor Ronald Kavanagh himself. He tapped a finger against his brow – it was all up here. He would revise constantly so as not to overlook any minor detail, so as not to forget the sequence of events. He had a plan, a good, flexible, well thought out plan, he had an escape route, various escape routes, he had contingency plans. If he could just control the boys and keep it all in place....

Catherine flitted past an upstairs window like a ghost. He jumped and slammed the ball home at close range.



Miss Reinhart entered with a smile and a folder full of clippings. She had been hard at it since nine o'clock, scouring the press for human weakness expressed through violence. There was always plenty of it. But once she had finished her daily compilation and handed it over, she could relax and pretend to enjoy her cup of instant decaf. 

‘I've brought you this, too, though I expect you've already seen it. Still, just in case.’

She thumped the Sunday paper and its inseparable colour supplement on his desk along with the clippings folder, and breezed out.

Dr. Flynch had seen it already, needless to say, even though that particular newspaper  was not his usual choice, and he had felt a little uncomfortable asking for it at his local newsagent's. 

In Spain, Italy, France and a host of other nations, you are offered a wide range of coffees: with milk, solo, long or short, espresso, cappuccino, with ice and so forth. In Britain and other similar countries you can decide how you would like your news served. To the left, to the right, sort of down the middle, extensive, brief, erudite, slangy; most tastes are catered for. Indeed some so called newspapers have no news at all, have dropped the prefix and become just 'papers',  and are really just magazines without the gloss, dealing mainly in gossip, fashion, sports and TV.  Some choose their daily as a matter of tradition, or class, others as a political statement. Many more because they like the sports coverage, or the crossword, the sudoku, or the special offers. There may even be a few who would genuinely like to read the news. How the reports are coloured is an exercise in free speech, is an editorial decision. Whether this is information, disinformation, hoodwinking or propaganda is up to each individual to decide.

There was no point in going through it again, he had read every single article just the day before. Anyway, he knew far more about the case than the journalists; he had first hand knowledge. He had even been to Kenneth Kavanagh's home and interviewed both him and his wife, or rather his ex-wife, Jill. He had escorted her on her very first television appearance. How she had loved the make up department. It had been a real eye opener for her, and she had come out looking, well, quite simply, breathtakingly beautiful. A pity she had later been digitally disguised and distorted. Still, he had taken photos, all had not been in vain. He coughed. Guiltily? He cleaned his glasses. Nervously? He kept the photos in an envelope at home, and yes, he looked through them from time to time, there was no harm in that, nothing perverse. It helped him to remember, that's all. That was all in the past now, he had severed all contact, it was the only professional thing to do. Now he would not be tempted to say anything untoward, to make her feel uncomfortable, and there would be no risk of  rejection. It was best that way.

He called for Miss Reinhart.

‘Bin this, please, I don't want it cluttering up my desk and I've already seen all I need to see.’

She scooped up the paper and the magazines. Miss Reinhart never made comments about the clippings or the cases Dr. Flynch was working on, it was an unwritten rule. But this was not exactly a case, and she had not cut anything out, and after all it was common knowledge, it was on the streets. So she thought nothing of it as she said

‘Terrible to think it all started like that. Poor girl. Well, not such a girl anymore. I wonder where she is now.’

Two huge eyes looked up at her from behind the desk. 

‘Why don't we find out?’



‘Get that, will you?’

Robbie dashed to open the door before his sister had time to react.

It was Thursday, just gone half past six, so it had to be uncle Paul. Rani, dressed in baggy Indian trousers with the crutch at knee height, would accompany him to the house then disappear for a couple of hours until it was time to collect him again, as if he were his Dad taking him to a birthday party. A now bearded Paul gave Robbie a quick hug and made his way to the kitchen.

Jill was back, much to her relief. Her mother had been a great help at first, and between them they had tidied up the mess made by the delicate Burton Police, but living under her mother's roof had eventually become too much of a strain. She spoilt the kids even though they seemed to drive her mad, had odd domestic rituals which had to be respected, mostly involving cleanliness and tidiness, and sighed constantly at one thing or another in a way that made you feel it was a criticism or a complaint. Then there was the subject of Ken, of course. What should a loving grandmother, a mother, a mother-in-law,  think? How do you mention an ex husband before his estranged wife when that woman is precisely your own child, how do you act towards his children, your grandchildren, now he has had to 'go away' for so long? Should she say nothing and pretend it had never happened, or grasp the nettle? It was all so difficult, so complicated, because her son-in-law was a hard working man, a tidy worker, a good husband, a decent father. So what had gone so wrong? Who was to blame? She sighed and like most of her generation blamed it on the way the world was going. To the dogs.

So although she had no police protection, no Carlton Wallace to look after her and help her wile away the long afternoons, Jill had decided to go back home.

Paul took her by the shoulders in a swan like gesture and smiled. She liked him a lot more now, especially since he wore his hair up in a pony tail thereby hiding his Thespian locks. Anyway she had noticed that his hair was thinning and one day there would be no curls of any sort to annoy her, and that helped the relationship. She wasn't so sure about the pathetic beard, but that was another matter. He asked after her and the kids, and as he knew she had also recently been to visit Ken, let her know he was expecting an update.

Due to the seriousness of the charges brought against him she was the only one who had managed to obtain permission to visit Ken in prison. Her original idea to take the kids had been driven out of her head by granny – the less they knew the better. So her fortunate husband had been offered a long contract on a housing estate up north, too far up north to be able to visit even at weekends, and so much work that he may not be able to phone very often. Thankfully children worldwide take things in their stride and cope with reality as it unfurls. Anyway, both Susie and Robbie had learnt long ago that adults in general, and Mum and Dad in particular, are so strange. 

Needless to say Ken hated every moment of his time inside. He hated the other inmates, the guards, the timetable, the food, the very idea of being held for a crime he had not committed. It was no compensation that he had not been beaten, or sodomised, or even threatened. The warders treated him with respect, the psychiatrist with sincere compassion. There was a general feeling in the whole institution that an injustice had been done, and that it was simply a matter of time before things were put to rights. Which is all very well, but meanwhile Kenneth Kavanagh was locked up in a cell, deprived of his liberty, without his beloved children, and only able to receive visits from one of the few people he had no desire to see  - his ex-wife. He couldn't rid himself of the thought that had she not been so lured by the bright lights of fame, had she not been so taken in by the fishy, gore loving eyes of Dr. Flynch and his promises of celebrity status, he would not have been left without an alibi, sleeping in the back of a van like a stray dog. He could see the sneer of the detective and his long, tobacco stained teeth again as he asked, sarcastically, in that slightly nasal tone they learn at the police academy, 'so your wife threw you out of your home and made you sleep in the van? And you agreed?' He had been humiliated, dragged through the dirt, falsely accused, thrown into jail, treated like an animal, and he knew who was to blame.

So she would come, dressed in her drab best as if she were attending a funeral. She would sit upright and tell him what Robbie and Susie believed, how her mother was driving her mad with trivial cleaning duties, how she was looking forward to the trial and having him back home, as if nothing had happened. She would give him garbled versions of what Quigley had already explained to him in detail, how the business was going to be alright because she had contacted the customers and told them various lies, how she was enjoying working for Paul,  as if nothing had happened. He would stare back morosely, answer in monosyllables, and accept it all as a way of breaking the numbing routine of the prison schedule. When their time was up he would watch her back as she stomped out. Gone. Good riddance.


More than anything he hated having so much time on his hands. He had never been a thinking man, preferring the football scores or the long term weather forecast to philosophical reflection. What was the point in going round and round in circles, he argued? Had anybody ever come up with an answer to it all? Had anyone ever found happiness through dwelling on things for too long? It was a waste of time, and only made you feel sad, or insignificant, or lost. Ken was practical, he liked to know things. He had learnt a lot about carpentry, bricklaying, plumbing, even electricity over the years. He was a handy  mechanic. He had even done a welding course. Useful things, crafts that would get you out of a fix, stuff you could teach to your kids. Not like all that bloody nonsense about if the apple is being observed or if one is observed by the apple. For heaven's sake! But inside Burton Provincial Prison he found his thoughts would not leave him alone. Over and over again he saw his mother peeling spuds at the kitchen sink, everything about her saying 'don't mention Sam'. His Dad floating on his back at the seaside, or carrying him piggy back up the hill to the shops. A young, sultry Jill, flushed and flustered on her parent's sofa. Jill in her track suit pushing the buggy down the garden path. Then Paul at the hospital, when it all spiralled out of control. St. Christopher's, the threats, that Flynch idiot. The fights, the nights in the van. That incredible morning when they came for him. Arrested for murder. They had been polite, they had been professional, which had only helped to make it all more surreal. Paul and his drugs had been the start of it all, or Dad maybe, who knows, but Jill changing like that had killed him off. The woman he had once loved, the mother of his children, his lawfully wedded wife. The irony was she was now the only person he could see apart from Quigley. 

He knew they were melancholic thoughts, terrible memories that would only make him feel sad and insignificant and lost. But he couldn't stop.  He would go mad if he didn't get out soon

‘It's a pity I can't see him more often, I know he looks forward to the visits, even though they're so short and few between, it's the only time he can break the routine. Still, he seems to bearing up really well given the circumstances.’

She put on her brave face. So stoical, so composed, but underneath? Please, don't ask. Which was fine by Paul.

All the accounts were on the computer but they both preferred to see the books, spread out on the table - in, out, balance, with receipts in different currencies in separate piles held together with clips, cheques over here, cash over there.



‘Any idea when the trial will take place? He should be let out then, right?’

There was no longer any doubt now that Ken was innocent in Paul's mind. It was true he had doubted him, at first, for a second, but it was a general doubt that had to be extended to all humanity. Don't put your hand in the fire for anyone or you'll get your fingers burnt. And Mr. Swan was so.., so.., revered. It had come as an enormous shock. Not only that he had been murdered, made a martyr, but that the police thought it was Ken. Ken? My brother? Are you mad? It was like a nightmare, it was unbelievable, it was un-everything. It was strange how the world could come tumbling down in an instant, destroying all our previously held beliefs like a plane in a skyscraper. Even stranger now to look back on all that as if nothing had happened. How quickly we pick ourselves up and start all over again. Well worth a few hours' meditation.



‘Soon by all accounts. But how soon is soon, I ask myself? They all drag their feet so as if... well, if it were their family in trouble they'd move fast enough. How can it all be so slow?’

Paul shrugged and made the right facial expressions, but he said nothing. He didn't want to encourage her. If he wasn't careful she'd go all over it again, from the very beginning. What she thought of Ron and Daphne's Quigley, how he had treated her, how he looked down not only on herself but on Ken, too. The Justice System and how it needed an overhaul. The deficiencies of the transport system to and from the prison itself. Timescales, costs, attitudes, two-faced hypocrites, snotty secretaries, unanswered phone calls. She had more than enough gripes to last a whole month of Thursdays. He hoped his silence would force her to answer his question without too much garnish.

‘I mean, how long did they take to even let me know he'd been arrested, eh? I'm still his wife, aren't I? But here I was sat at home without any idea of what was going on, not until they deemed me worthy of a phone call. Ten hours later!’


It hadn't worked. She was off once more, he would have to cut her short before she got too carried away. He shook his head, tutted and at the same time tentatively raised a finger as if to say “never a truer word spoken, but if I may just add”.

‘From what I have heard, from one of the gang who used to study law, there's a good chance it'll be before the end of May. If so, he could be back home in a couple of months.’

When in Jill's presence he liked to call the sect members the 'gang', it sounded less pretentious, more affectionate. He wanted her to feel he was a warm, caring leader, and that he considered his followers first and foremost as his dearest friends. With or without funds. Naturally as a consequence of this amicable relationship, this spiritual brotherhood, a certain amount of bookkeeping had been generated, but it would be cynical and callous to suggest that economics preceded goodwill.

Back home. How carefully they both avoided any mention of the emotional rift. It was common knowledge, it had indirectly led to his arrest, but it was taboo. Perhaps because Ken had never physically left the family home, or to protect the kids, or maybe because he was now in a terrible fix and enough is enough. Let there be no doubt about it – when Ken is released he is going back home. Right Jill? Right Paul.


For Paul understood Jill, knew how to defuse her. She was transparent and came rushing at you like a bull, but with a few deft moves of the cape she could be brought to a standstill. She was a compulsive chatterbox and an incorrigible gossip. The neighbourhood, her friends and relations, were her soap opera and she needed to to know as much as she could about everyone and everything. The other day when she went to the bank there was a new bank clerk sitting at her desk in the open plan office. She wore a little badge that said Rosanne. At once a hundred questions occurred to Jill. That's a pretty name, why did your parents choose it? Is there someone else in your family with that name? Have you always worked in a bank? Which conditioner do you use? Do you live alone? Near here? Got any foreign blood? You obviously don't like sport so what hobbies do you have?

Over the next few months, years if necessary, Jill would try to answer the majority of those questions. Sometimes it was easy. Maybe Rosanne was a chatterbox too and didn't mind being questioned. But all too often people were very secretive and jealous of their private lives. Which was a shame because they just turned into human furniture. It does no harm that people know a little about you, it makes you more approachable, it helps form a community. To set an example Jill would happily tell you all about her daily strife, her tribulations with her ingrowing toenails, would warn you not to visit that upstart chiropodist who clearly hadn't the faintest idea, or the chemist and his costly, ineffective remedies. In the end it had been Iris, her Mum's friend, who had shown her the way forward. It makes you wonder what they study at school these days.

The trick was to keep her floating safely and calmly on the unruffled waters of the reservoir, because once the sluice gates were opened she was unstoppable.

Jill too thought she had cracked Paul's nut. He was a little prince now. As long as he was pampered and told he was right, there would be no trouble. She saw it like this. He had got lost in the jungle of youth without a map, had tried the forbidden fruits, and the mushrooms probably, and had drifted round in circles for years. Then, one fine day, he had stumbled across the river. Now he had followed it down to the coastal plains. Why he was now a prince she hadn't yet worked out, but that was the basic idea. She kept an eye on him, watched his body language, and reacted accordingly. They got on together perfectly.

‘A couple of months. A couple of months.’

She seemed to say, if you believe that you'll believe anything, but what else can we do? A couple of months it is.

They decided to count the money, a task they both enjoyed immensely.

Far be it from Paul to speak ill of the dead, but the truth was that under Jill's careful management the sect, the gang, was now considerably more flush than when Johnny Icognito had held the reins. Donations didn't exactly pour in, but there was a constant worldwide trickle that soon added up to a tidy sum. Even after expenses. Because it had been decided that Paul be freed from the burden of earthly deeds. Instead Rani, or in his absence Diamond, would take care of everything, from food to transport, from accommodation to clothing. They were his personal assistants, on a fixed wage, and holders of credit cards. So far their trustworthiness was beyond doubt. Jill too had her wage, a very reasonable salary, generous even. Promotion, travel expenses, rents, phone bills, there were a lot of overheads. Even so the deposit account grew and grew, and would continue to do so especially after last Sunday's special feature. Soon they would be able to buy that farmhouse outright, in cash. Then the sect would really begin to spread its long white wings and fly.

They studied the books for a while, sorting out the rand from the yen, the dollar from the euro, while from the living room came the background noise of canned laughter, the whirls and boings and clonks of Robbie and Susie's evening entertainment.
 
Outside the kitchen window the garden was hidden by darkness. 

‘Are you ok here? Ron's hired a bodyguard.’

‘Paranoid, that's Daphne. She thinks just because some nutter went and killed....well, you know. Poor man. But that doesn't mean there's a serial killer on the loose, now does it? Why on earth would anybody want to kill her? Paranoid she is.’

‘Well, I think you're right. But Ron reckons that as Ken didn't do it....’

‘Of course he didn't do it. He wouldn't harm a fly.’

Which was not true, and weakened her argument. She realised this, but carried on regardless.

‘How anyone in their right mind could have suspected for a moment that Ken....Nonsense. Where would he get a knife? It wasn't any ordinary knife, it was a bloody stiletto or something, wasn't it? And what would he be doing prowling around the street at that time of night? He has to get up at the crack of dawn.’

She had to be stopped, and soon. He hadn't intended to set her off on her 'Ken's innocent' routine. He knew that as well as she did. Anyway, he'd heard all this at least five times.

‘Yeah, yeah, I know, I know. But what I mean is that as Ken wasn't, isn't guilty, then...’

‘Then someone is, someone we don't know, someone who is now wanted for murder, someone who if they have any wits about them will not go knocking on Daphne's door to try and knife her too, just for good measure. For God's sake, it's ridiculous. Still, if they want to piss their money up the wall that's their problem. Look, …..’

‘But you feel safe here? I say that because if you need any help, you know we can help, I mean, help you out, if you feel....’


She was touched. He was a good man, a spiritual man. But she genuinely did not feel frightened, not in the least. Because it was all so unreal. Paul, beside her now,  her brother in law, her boss, had cut off his own....testicles. Now he was the new messiah. She and Ken had split up, in a way, and now he was in jail for a murder he had not committed. Now she was treasurer, in charge of bucket loads of cash, while Ron and Daphne struggled to pay their way. Dr. Flynch had introduced her to a world of fame and celebrities. She had been on national TV. He had fancied her, too, though that was not exactly a compliment. Those eyes, his breath! Just as well he had suddenly stopped all contact with her. She wondered why. Did she make him feel uncomfortable with her questions? Or was it the look on her face when he'd tried to impress her with his knowledge of sadistic instruments? It was difficult to say, to understand. It was all far too difficult to understand. She thought about it once more. Fear was not the word. She was not too sure how to put it, but she was definitely not scared. 

‘Thanks Paul, you are very kind, but really, don't you worry about us, we're fine, honest.’

Jill may have been unflustered, but Paul had turned white.


‘Who could have done it? Why? What's the point? Why him, why Mr. Swan? Of all the people. Maybe it has nothing to do with anything at all, maybe it's just... just... madness.’


She said nothing as she watched him suddenly squat on the floor, she was getting used to it by now. Best leave him to it and get the kids some supper.

Paul was still in the same position when Rani returned half an hour later. He knew better than to interrupt, to try to speak to him now would only make him angry. His master was often 'difficult' and had to be handled with tact, especially if he were meditating or having a vision. Or hungry. Patience was the key.  After all, Paul was paying the bills. He sat cross legged on the floor and watched the tele with the kids while he waited, much to their amusement.




Daphne and Carlton had dropped off a rather perky Ronald at party HQ on their way to Quigley's office. He seemed to be well on the road to recovery, and had even expressed a touch of regret for having resigned from so many commissions and committees. Daphne was not sure if that was good news or not. She held on tightly to her handbag as if at an international airport. Be that as it may, she was now in charge, and by golly she was going to get to the bottom of all this one way or another. Once inside Carlton gestured to a seat. No thank you. 

Quigley and Woo were partners, fifty fifty, and their waiting room reflected this agreement. It was an unsuccessful blend of the prudent ostentation of a nineteenth century gentleman's club, and the apologetic minimalist white and grey lines of a modern Japanese apartment. An ornate, exquisitely carved writing desk, complete with old fashioned ledgers and a quill pen, was pushed up against a sheet  glass dividing wall, whilst the centre piece was a dark grey, low slung coffee table of sorts adorned with a white, square dish full of red stones. Paper blinds of oriental influence hung at the windows, but the bookcases were built of dark, solid wood and enclosed leather bound tomes which contained the wit and wisdom of a thousand learned gentlemen.  

Just for the record, and for the likes of Mrs. Jill Kavanagh, Miss Woo, Amanda, Brighton University, was a thin woman in her late forties, unmarried, childless, very fit and health conscious and with a mind like a super computer. Luckily for the partners their business relationship worked far better than their sense of decoration. Quigley had the connections, Woo had the brains. Not that Dennis was not intelligent, or diligent, far from it, he was as sharp as a knife, but Miss Amanda Woo was in a league of her own. Quigley had soon heard all about her and rushed to join forces. He had tradition to offer as well as a lucrative buffet, his family was a roster of barristers and judges, solicitors and Justices of the Peace. She was the pick of the crop – together they would rake it in. And they did.

Dennis had done his homework as usual. He had brainstormed with Amanda and between them they had managed to come up with a pretty impressive dossier on the life of Sam Kavanagh. They had started with the bare bones, his curriculum vitae, his place of birth, his schooling, his working life. From there they had moved on to facts and figures; social security number, passport, driving licence, list of arrests and offences. Then on to the flesh. They had contacted the local church, and managed to find an elderly priest who had many a yarn to spin about Sam. He in turn had suggested they try the independent missing persons organisation which had done such a good job before it had run out of funds and energy. Unfortunately Sandra Welks, the ex president, had now passed on, but her second in command, Mrs. Gainsborough, should be able to fill them in. Little by little a picture had emerged.   


‘Mrs. Kavanagh, so nice to see you, please, please, do sit down.’

Mr. Wallace half pushed her inside and closed the door, he would stay outside, private affair, no business of mine, discretion, best stay on guard out here. Take your time.

‘I'll be with you in a minute.’

This was a trick of the trade. He would pick up folders and place them in other piles, make a few clicks on the computer, put a scrap of paper in a drawer. Busy, so busy, nearly ready, just a second. There! Now you have my entire attention.

Daphne waited politely, which was unnerving. 

‘Right, now let me see.’

He made a clucking noise with his tongue as he gingerly opened the dossier.


‘Date of birth, place of birth, school years, hmm, hmm, social security number, driving license, cluck cluck, a cv of sorts, not too clear.’ 

He drew in his breath and shook his head.

‘And some more personal detail, too, that we have managed to put together for you.’

He turned the file round so that she could read it.

‘If you'll just excuse me for a moment.’

And he left her to it.

It certainly was not what Daphne had expected. Her husband had always given the impression that the accusations made against his father were outrageous, based on malicious gossip and envy. She had an image in her mind of an innocent man wrongly accused, very much like Kenneth, a poor man misunderstood by society, falsely maligned. But this report bore no resemblance to such a person. She read on in surprise.

Sam was a product of his generation, his tradition, his Church, his sex. This was something he had apparently never questioned. When he saw his reflection in the morning all he saw was a face that needed shaving. He had never stood before a mirror and asked himself questions like 'who am I?' or 'how did I get here?'. He just was. Full stop. 

Like his forbears and peers, he drank to get drunk. That was the whole idea. So he drank till he dropped. Unfortunately for his fellow wallowers, he was a large man able to ingest incalculable amounts of beer before falling to the floor in a drunken stupor. If he was in a foul mood, something not too infrequent, he would make sure two or three others went down with him.

He was a father, a bread winner, and he demanded obedience and respect. From all of them; Jean, Ronald, Kenneth, even young Paul. His wife knew and acknowledge this, and ran the home front accordingly. He would not need a heavy hand, appearances would be kept up. She would bear the brunt so the children would not suffer.

Like many catholic males he often had trouble disentangling the concepts of whore and virgin. Sex as vice, sex as pleasure, woman as mother, woman as lover, Mother Mary and Mary Magdalene. It was far too complex for him to understand, so he didn't bother trying. He preferred to just blunder on and see what happened. 

Conclusion: Sam was a violent, heavy drinking, wife beating, sexually confused Molotov cocktail.

Last seen: Just before midnight on the 12th of October at a well known gentleman's club. Turned away by security for drunken behaviour.

Dennis returned.

‘Now I must make it clear that this is all very subjective stuff. We have no idea if these impressions have any resemblance to the truth, though one is rather inclined to give an ageing priest the benefit of the doubt. As for Mrs. Gainsborough, well she has an incredible memory and seemed to us to be mentally lithe despite her age. Her records are a work of art, of immense value, quite remarkable. But, as I say, there is nothing here that would stand up in court, and I relay it to you as such.’

Daphne was slow to react, still digesting the news. The seeds of a doubt had been sown.

‘And the rape?’


He ran over the basics again. The milkman, Mercury Carriers, the Kingsley road. Miss Catherine Prior. Case unclosed. 

‘Where is she now? This Prior woman? Do we have an address? Could we talk to her?’

This was treacherous ground. There was this poor woman's intimacy to bear in mind. It was not advisable. Daphne stared back at him from under her lacquered fringe. Still, her whereabouts should not be that difficult to uncover, her address could be considered to be, shall we say, in the public domain. As long as the source of said information..? Very well then, this afternoon, after three. No, not by phone, in person please. Not at all. Regards to Ronald.



As we have said earlier Miss Catherine Prior was an intelligent woman with eyes in her head, so it did not take her long to realise something was afoot. She always knew when her sister Trudy was lying, because she became too nonchalant, too busy, and made a point of not making eye contact. So the keys she was handing over to Chris were not for a friend at all. Why would he be interested in flats and garages all of a sudden? And those hushed and angry dialogues with Danny, or his now regular family reunions to which she was not invited? There was also a troupe of zombie like teenagers who visited more frequently than ever; slouching, long-faced, miserable creatures who appeared to be pissed off that they'd ever been born. There were some boxes in the garage, too, wine boxes that didn't contain wine, carefully sealed and stacked up under the workbench. She was not too sure what her protectors had in mind, but she was convinced it had something to do with her past, her past which had decided to come back and haunt her after all these years, as if she had not already had enough. Would she ever be free of it, or was she marked for life?

Then the visits had begun. First some strange man, a doctor of some sort, Dr. Flint or something. He gave everyone the creeps with his toupee and his fishy eyes. He worked for some organisation or other, the Society for the Eradication of Pain, or the Ban Cruelty Association, she couldn't remember now. He was some big shot, or so he reckoned, but Trudy had soon sent him packing. She gave him what for. How dare you come round here dragging up the past? I don't give a damn who you are or what you represent. No, she is not available, not now, not tomorrow, not never, so good day to you, if you don't mind. He was lucky Chris was not at home or he'd have been kicked out and thrown over next door's fence. He'd left with his tail between his legs. Serves him right.

The Sunday paper was to blame, it had stirred it all up again just as it was beginning to die down. At least that's what she had thought. Until the doorbell went again. A security guard? What on earth did he want? He said nothing but handed over a letter, addressed to Catherine, from none other than Mr. and Mrs. Kavanagh! Yes, the very same Kavanaghs, one of the sons of … It was a conspiracy. Something terrible was brewing, no good could come of it. Trudy had refused to accept the missive at first, fearing an injunction or official notification, but Carlton had pointed out that no signature was required. He would just leave it on the doorstep, so, and if she picked it up or not nobody would ever know. It was safe. Trudy had waited until he was out of sight then scooped it up.

Chris had read the letter. It was a stilted request for an appointment, a meeting, to deal with a matter which may be of great interest, at your convenience, notwithstanding. Daphne, who in this case preferred to operate alone, had used one of Ronald's correspondence templates,  and he was a great lover of terminology like hereinafter, or part thereof. Chris had torn it to pieces and thrown it in the bin, a dynamic gesture by which he intended show that he had put an end to that once and for all. There would be no liaising with the enemy.

Still, he was more than a little worried by the recent turn of events. Up to that moment they had managed to lie low and stay off the radar. He wasn't too sure why, but now there was an increased interest in Catherine once more. Catherine and, logically, her close family. And according to the papers the Kenneth Kavanagh trial could take place by the end of May. He had to move fast.

He caught Danny just as he was about to leave.

‘This week.’

Danny looked puzzled.

‘We've got no choice. It has to be now. We're going for Paul.’

‘Who?’

‘The freak. The other one's got a fucking bodyguard.’

‘The one who cut his balls off?’

‘I'll cut more than his balls off when I get my hands on him. And tell Bobby I want to see him.’

‘Bobby Hornsby?’

‘You heard me.’



Despite the dossiers and the hearsay we don't know exactly what happened, and we know we don't know. But one of the redeeming features of humanity is our ability to turn a problem into an opportunity. If there is no irrefutable evidence, no universally accepted version, then the past can be manipulated or rewritten to our convenience and used as a pretext; for the massacre of innocents, for the glorification of leaders, for the justification of the invasion of our enemies' lands. Without the Rosetta stone of hard fact one interpretation is as valid as the next, and history slides dangerously back into the realms of faith. 

A crime is committed, or imagined, or fabricated, it doesn't matter much. You can't find your ball. Somebody must have stolen it. It was the (underline the appropriate) foreign/ black/ muslim/ straight/ yankee/ crippled/ gay/ stupid kid. He should be reported to the authorities/ beaten up/ publicly humiliated/ imprisoned for life/ tortured/ executed. We identify the culprits, we decide the punishment. Is it any wonder history repeats itself?




Tommy Morton sharpened his knife on a wet stone. It was not a flick knife, as he hadn't been able to get his hands on one, and it wasn't a family heirloom, but it would do. It had been honed down on both sides so it was as lethal as possible. He would show it to Bobby that afternoon. 

Like most adolescents he was an impressionable lad, and although Bobby Hornsby was reportedly mad, Tommy nonetheless held him in awe. He had knifed Mr. Swan! Just like that. One swift thrust, to the heart, deadly, professional. His brother Danny had told him. It was a secret, and as Danny had sworn not to tell anyone at all, it was even more of a secret for Tommy, who swore the same. Because a secret is a secret and can only be shared with someone special, like a brother, or a sister, or a close friend.....

They had arranged to meet Bobby in the garage at seven. Unfortunately it had started to rain, and Chris had had to put the car back under cover – he had just polished it and was not prepared to let the rain spoil his hard work. So now there was no room left and they would have to sit inside the red Ford Focus and have the meeting there. Chris and Danny in the front, Bobby and Tommy in the back. Laura had been kept out of this, officially because she was too young, but in reality because she was a girl. Trudy would be kept up to date, but would not be seen with Bobby. She would stay away from the front line and take care of logistics. Logistics meant keeping an eye on Catherine and Laura, minding the mobile phone and keeping the troops well nourished.

The car smelt of pinewood air freshener and the plastic seat covers Chris had placed over the original green upholstery. He turned squeakily in his seat.

‘Tommy, put that away and pay attention. And be careful with it.’

He scrutinised Bobby. It was a risk, a calculated risk, to bring him on board. Danny had thought his dad had lost it when he had stopped him in the hall that afternoon and told him to get Bobby. Get Bobby Hornsby?This man was dangerous, out of control, unpredictable. Surely it would be wiser to keep him at arm's length, hide from him, put him off, ask him to go away? He was trouble; big, stupid, murderous trouble. And trouble breeds trouble. 

But Chris had decided that the risk was worth it. More than that, the whole plan revolved around this hairy nutter. He had seen Danny's fear, had noticed Tommy's fascination, but he needed someone like Bobby, someone who would do anything for a word of praise, someone who did not belong, someone who could be jettisoned if necessary. 

‘Right, now, the first thing we need to do is work out PK's routine so we know when best to attack, ok?’

They knew now that PK was Paul Kavanagh, the weird one, the one who had cut off his own balls. They had all agreed to economise and use the term PK because it sounded like some kind of code, made it all more military. They all nodded. Mr. Morton was the leader, he would unveil the plan, they would just do their part as best as possible. That's how these things work.

‘So we will have to tail him, follow him, and see if there's a pattern, some time or place where we know he's always going to be. And somewhere that isn't his HQ where he's surrounded by hundreds of fans, ok? This is detective work.’

He added that to raise morale. Hanging around in the street and following someone like Paul Kavanagh is not a pleasant task. He has meetings with different people on different days at different times. Sometimes he walks, others he's in the van, or a taxi, or a bus. He is usually to be found in the middle of a flock of followers and hangers on. It is often cold and windy, with isolated showers. A thankless task indeed, unless you are convinced of its difficulty and its worth.

‘We'll take it in turns, ok? Danny, you first. Tomorrow.’

‘Friday.’

‘Yeah, and then me, then, Bobby, then Tommy, ok?’

‘No, I can't do Monday, Dad. School. If I miss any more.....’

‘You're right. Ok, so you do Saturday and I'll do Monday. Ok with you Bobby?’

Bobby said nothing, which probably meant yes. It was best not to insist.

‘But if Tommy can't do school days then we can't take it in turns, because if he does Monday then it'll be his turn again on Thursday, so that won't work.’

Danny pointed out.

‘Well more or less in turns. We'll play it by ear. I have to work, too, remember.’

‘And I've got the doctor on Wednesdays,’

added Bobby. The shrink probably, thought Chris.

‘We'll play it by ear. Now then. A few things to bear in mind. Keep your distance. It's better that you lose sight of them than that they catch you following them, ok? And if you tail them in a car, don't do it like they do in the films, right up their arse all day wherever they go. No wonder they always spot them.’

‘Follow that taxi!’

joked Danny. Nobody laughed.

‘And write it down. This is very important. You think you'll remember everything, but later on you'll forget it, it's too much info, too much detail. Make a note, jot it down. I've got some notepads in the house. Remind me to give them out before we go.’

He could have kicked himself. He'd had the pads for over a week, he'd got them ready, pens and all, and then gone and left them in the house. He would carry on as if nothing had happened. 

‘I can't drive.’

That was Bobby. Neither could Danny or Tommy. So Chris's advice applied only to himself. Another cock up. He stared at them one by one. Danny looked cool, happy enough in a concentrated way. Bobby looked as dim as ever. Tommy couldn't tear his eyes away from his hero and was still toying with his knife inside his jacket. He could breathe easily, there would be no challenge to his command from this bunch.

Then to his horror Bobby Hornsby pulled out a packet of cigarettes and started to smoke! In his car! Danny threw a look at his little brother Tommy. It hadn't occurred to either of them to warn him. Bobby nonchalantly opened his side window and blew the smoke out. 

Chris was in a rage. Nobody, repeat nobody, ever smoked in his car. No food or drinks either. In fact nobody so much as sneezed in his immaculate Ford Focus. Now this, this, moron thought he could just light up, just like that, not a word to anyone, no permission needed, oh no, not for mad Bobby Hornsby, he just does what the fuck he likes, go ahead, just fucking do it!

‘Put it out.’

Bobby took another pull and for a second he looked as if he were going to blow it straight into Chris's face. There was a tense moment as the two of them tested each other. Eventually he blew it out of the window again. 

Mr. Morton had to control his rage. He needed Bobby. He also needed to be coherent to Danny and Tommy. By rights and under normal circumstances he should have dragged Bobby out of the car and smashed his head against the concrete floor a number of times until the message was made crystal clear – no smoking in my car, and I am the Boss. Rhythmically, each bang on the floor to emphasise the words – do-you-un-der- stand?

But this evening he had to tread carefully, play his cards right and keep it all together.

‘Danny, Tommy, do we smoke in this car? No, we don't. Put it out. Now.’

Bobby put his hand out of the window, palm down. Without saying a word, without taking his eyes off Chris for one second, he stubbed the cigarette out on the back of his hand, grinding it slowly until it went out. He didn't so much as flinch.

Tommy stared with his mouth open, Danny gulped, and Chris did his best to hold Bobby's gaze. This was not going to be easy.

‘Thank you. Now do you all know PK's address?’

The three boys grinned at each other. They knew well enough by now.

‘45 Denby Street. Bottom flat.’

Tommy was keen to be heard. He knew he was the youngster, the apprentice, and that he would always be last in line, but he wanted to show willing, let them see they could always count on him. He ran his hand over his recently cropped hair in case nobody had noticed. Nobody noticed.

‘That's right. Well there's a bus stop a little further down the street which would be ideal for this sort of thing. Nobody will suspect nothing. You're just waiting for the bus.’

He didn't often use double negatives, but sometimes you need a bit of street cred.


‘The number 32.’

‘Right Tommy. 32. Ok. No newspapers neither.’

They looked puzzled. 

‘You know, spies, newspaper, looking over the top or peeping through a hole made in it? Too obvious. No newspapers. Discretion is the key.’

He imagined Bobby pretending to read the Times. He'd stick out like a heterosexual priest in a boys' choir. Everybody knows kids don't read papers, they just slouch. 

‘Can we listen to music?’

Asked Tommy. His Dad nodded.

‘How long is it going to take, Dad?’

Danny wanted to know.

‘Well, it depends on PK, but I reckon with any luck we should know enough in a week or so, maybe a fortnight max.’

‘Then what?’

It was imperative that Bobby be kept in the dark about their plans. He was too volatile to be trusted with valuable information. Still he would need to see that this mission was up to his reputation. 

‘Trust me, Bobby, we're saving the best for the end. And it'll be a job for someone like you. You're the only one who can do it, believe me.’


Bobby Hornsby smiled. He was a key player, they needed him, valued him, and that was enough, more than he'd ever had. They were alright these Mortons. He nudged Tommy and passed him a cigarette. Luckily for Tommy his dad wasn't watching, so he quickly slipped it into his pocket. It wasn't that Chris Morton was against his kids smoking, he couldn't care less. But in the car! He was a daredevil this Bobby.

‘Right, I want the notebooks handed in everyday, ok, so we can go over his daily routine and find a pattern, and a good place for the …... next stage.’

‘But if we hand in the notes we haven't got the notebook for the next time, have we?’

Very loquacious for Bobby. Danny explained.

‘No, it doesn't matter, 'cos we're taking it in turns, remember? So Dad can give you the notebook back before it's your turn again.’

‘I thought we were playing it by ear.’

‘Only 'cos I've got to go to school.’

Tommy chimed in.

‘So maybe I'll have to do two days in a row. Then what?’

Chris had to add a little order.

‘Don't worry, leave it to me, ok? Don't worry about the fucking books or the turns or who does what when. It'll be alright. Just leave it to me. For now, just hand them in at the end of each stint. If you have to do it again, I'll read it quick and then give it back. Or give you another notebook. It doesn't matter, ok? Just leave it to me.’


It was uncomfortable in the car, especially for Chris and Danny who had to half turn in their sticky seats to be able to speak to Bobby and Tommy in the back. Chris wanted out. He decided to wrap it up for now.

‘So that's that, then. All clear I think. Any questions?’

There's something about that question that throws everybody off. Even if you have a whole host of doubts and queries, you are frozen into silence. No, no questions.

‘Right, then that's that. Danny, you start tomorrow, first thing. Get out to that bus stop and see what you can find out. And don't get spotted.’

‘What about my notebook?’

‘Don't worry Bobby. Tommy, go and get the notebooks, they're on the sideboard. And the pens, too, right next to them, you can't miss them. They're blue.’


He turned to Bobby and winked. Had to keep him sweet.

‘So, you can't drive? Or do you mean you just haven't got a licence? Danny 'can't drive' either, but he knows how to.’

Bobby Hornsby took a long time to answer the question. An unnervingly long time. He bit the inside of his lip, he stared long and hard at Chris, then at Danny, then back to Chris. What on earth was going on behind those dark eyes? Was he going to suddenly attack them, rip out their tongues and eat their hearts? Or was he about to break down in tears? He shifted, and clenched his fists. Then he turned away, looked out of the window at the spanners lined neatly along the wall and said flatly.

‘Yeah, I know how. Smashed a few up. For fun. Nicked a fucking lorry once.’

He turned back to Chris and Danny and grinned proudly. A lorry! How many people do you know who have stolen a lorry, eh? Father and son Morton, relieved, felt obliged to show their admiration and opened their eyes wide in wonder. A lorry? No! You are amazing, Bobby.

Still, it was good news to Chris, who had been a little worried there for a moment as his plan had required a driver, and he had hoped it could be Bobby. Problem solved. They climbed out of the car and squeezed their way to the side door. It had stopped raining.

Tommy came back and gave out the expensive hi-tech material. 

‘Now we'll have to meet up every night from now on, but I don't want the fucking neighbours sniffing around, so you just roll up when you like and we'll be here, ok? Just go straight to the garage. I'll make sure it's open.’

He pulled himself up to his full height. 

‘Bobby.’

And he slapped him on the back. Bobby knew his cue. He grunted something or other and strode off without looking back.



Laura sat in the kitchen with her mother and aunt. She was angry. She was as capable as Danny, and much more capable than Tommy, but she had been excluded. Because she was a girl. They said it was because she was under age, but that was nonsense. Technically Tommy was under age too. But of course, he was a boy, wasn't he? It was unfair, and short-sighted. She could be of much more use to them than her brother Tommy, always with his mouth hanging open like a half-wit. To make matters worse she had to pretend nothing was up when in her aunt's presence. So now she sat slumped in her chair with her face hidden in her hair, headphones on, sighing from time to time just in case the others hadn't noticed she was totally pissed off. 

She wanted desperately to sneak out to the garage and find out was was cooking, but her mother had warned her to steer well clear of the boys, especially that Bobby Hornsby, and it was best not to cross her. All she could do was cut herself off from all of them and hide in herself. The sulky teenager's last resort - leave me alone.

‘What's the matter with her?’

Inquired Catherine as she threaded little coloured balls onto a length of fishing line to make a necklace. She wanted to follow a sequence, but was not sure she had enough orange beads to complete the creation.

‘Oh, she's alright, growing pains. Best leave her to get on with it.’

Laura had heard and threw her mother a sneer.

The two sisters were about to play the game again. Catherine would ask apparently innocent, ignorant questions, hoping to trick her sister Trudy into making a mistake, a slip of the tongue. Trudy would pretend not to notice the hidden intentions implicit in the questions, and would answer frankly whilst revealing absolutely nothing. 

Catherine suspected that something unusual, relevant, maybe even spectacular was being prepared. She suspected it had everything to do with her. She was both curious and flattered. Her sister knew this, but never admitted openly to knowing it. As far as she was concerned her sister Catherine could have no suspicions whatsoever as there was nothing at all to find out. So ask away, dear sister.


‘Where's Chris? With the boys?’

‘In the garage I think. Checking the tyres or something.’

Trudy started clearing the table, to Catherine a sure sign that she was lying. She was like an actor who needed something to do with his hands to look natural. They both sneaked a look at Laura, Trudy to make sure she would not give anything away, Catherine just in case she did. Laura played her part and slouched in silence.

‘Oops, careful with the beads. Did I see Stella's boy with them, you know, young Bobby?’

‘Yes, poor thing, he loves cars apparently and Chris felt a bit sorry for him after..... well, after all he's been through. He thought he might like to help him, you know, and show him a few tricks, a bit of mechanics, keep him off the streets. Seems like a nice enough type.’

What on earth was going on? Bobby Hornsby a nice enough type? Come on, Trudy, that's going a bit too far. We all know all about mad Stella and her mad kid. (Real name Victoria, nickname Stella, after the beer she tried to drown herself in most nights at the Half Crown. Had people seen her at home she'd have been known as Cheap Plonk). Catherine studied her junk jewellery effort and realised she was going to be short after all unless she changed the pattern

‘I thought he was dangerous myself, that's what I heard, well off the rails.’

‘Then a bit of help won't harm him, will it? Chris knows what he's doing.’

‘I hope you're right. For Danny and Tommy's sake more than anything.’

That hurt. Attacking a mother over her children is always a painful blow. Well done, Catherine, but I will not be provoked. 

‘Don't you worry about them, they can look after themselves.’

Passing shot. Because you can't, dear sister, remember? 

Catherine decided to change tack. 

‘Did Chris's friend find what he was looking for?’

Trudy didn't understand the question at first, so she started rummaging in the cupboards for something or other.

‘Come again?’

‘That flat or garage he was after.’

‘Oh, you mean him? No, not yet, I don't think he really knows what he's looking for anyway. Still, we did what we could.’

She felt she needed to elaborate to make it all sound more realistic.

‘He's recently split up apparently, and has a few bob left over and wants to invest, but he hasn't got a lot so it's not easy. And he's so indecisive. God knows how many places we've shown him round over the last few weeks.’

‘So I saw.’

Alright, so you saw the keys being handed over, but you don't know why, eh? Keep your nose out of this, Cathy, it's for your own good.

‘Give me a hand with the supper will you, I need to peel some spuds.’

Once more confirming that lying was for Trudy uncomfortable yet imperative.
 
Catherine gathered up her coloured balls and wondered if she shouldn't simply confront Trudy. Something like 'I know something's up, so just spit it out', 'I think that, as your sister, I have a right to know'. But that was out of the question. Even if she plucked up the courage to start the conversation, she knew she would crumble and fold at the first set back. Trudy would push up her sleeves, toss the hair off her face, glare at her and demand to know what the hell she was going on about. And Catherine would mutter 'nothing', and slip away to her room. If your bravery is so short lived it is wiser to do nothing at all and leave your fate in the hands of others.



The boys had a great time tailing PK, it was an adventure, it was a feature film. It reminded them of espionage and thrillers, of femmes fatales and private eyes. There was an element of excitement and endeavour that slouching around couldn't match. And although they were alone, they could listen to music, and have hamburgers for lunch, and drink loads of fizzy drinks. And smoke. The only boring bit was waiting for Paul to leave his flat. Then they would get miserable and cold and want to chuck it in and go home. The number 32 would come over and over again, but they would never get on. Elderly ladies with free bus passes and all the time in the world would urge the young lads to climb aboard first, but they would just spit though their teeth or tell them to fuck off. Nosey old cows. Others, who had not yet mastered the intricacies of British social behaviour and found endlessly waiting for a bus to arrive but never actually catching it rather odd, were swiftly corrected by a short, sharp 'who the fuck are you looking at?' As Chris had pointed out, discretion was the key.

When Paul did eventually emerge from his meditative den, it was as if the director had shouted 'lights, action!' The whole street scene suddenly sprung to life and it was all systems go. It was almost always Paul and his personal assistant, Rani, though sometimes Diamond or a few others would accompany him for a while. Luckily for the boys he nearly always walked. Once Rani had opened the door and ushered Paul into a taxi, and that was the end of that. Another day he had decided to catch the number 32, but in the opposite direction, and Danny had almost lost him. But fortunately for all concerned Paul's creeds led him to believe that walking was the healthiest form of transport, the cheapest, and one that enabled him to maintain constant physical contact with the world at large.

Theoretically both Danny and Tommy hated Paul Kavanagh and all his family, and what they were doing now would hopefully lead to his downfall. But they had no urge to jump on him and drive sharp instruments into his body, it was not a personal loathing. Their grudges were second hand, had been passed down to them from father to son, were once removed. They carried this animosity in their blood, the way a person born in Scotland automatically despises anything English even though they have no real cause to do so. It is expected of you, your forbears would accept nothing less. It would appear that grievances follow the laws of genetics -  a mutant gene can affect thousands of people in just a few generations, but it will take thousands of generations to remove that mutation. 

Chris had mixed feelings. He knew he would enjoy the private dick part of the job, but the sight of PK and that idiot Rani made his blood boil. Pony tails, ethnic trousers, daft harm-not-that-fly looks on their faces, Christ, it made you want to beat them to death there and then, in public, for all the world to see. Shouldn't take more than a couple of seconds either, as they were both weak, sickly vegetarian types who'd never done a hard day's graft in their lives. They'd probably curl up in a ball and scream and cry like girls. Watching them slop along in their sandals was almost too much for his stomach to bear. If on top of that he let his mind wander back to Catherine and that night on the wasteground...... No, he had to remain calm and follow the plan. For now. 

The plan – that was a constant source of anxiety too. He was well aware that it all depended not only on their ability to coordinate their actions, but also for luck to be with them throughout. What if Danny was run over as he crossed the road in pursuit of PK? Or if Tommy got gastroenteritis just when he was most needed? Or if PK suddenly decided to go abroad for a few months? He had put in a lot of thought, had racked his brains, but he accepted his plan was only solid, not foolproof, he acknowledged his chances of success were high, but not guaranteed. For he was not an ignorant man, he had heard of 'the best laid schemes of mice and men', he even knew, unlike most, that it was by Robbie Burns. Because Chris Morton did not shun knowledge, did not believe that Education was a contagious disease. He knew about quarks and lasers and gemstones and the Tudors, he understood elementary physics, was good at mental arithmetic, knew his Impressionists from his Cubists. 

You had been led to believe that education was incompatible with intolerance, that culture was the antidote for bigotry, that knowledge was the panacea for aggression? Read on.

The Mortons did an excellent job, staying on the beat as long as possible, noting it all down- the time, the place, the company kept. Bobby was a little slacker, and there were often gaping holes in his day when he had obviously just decided he'd had enough. Mr. Morton had tried to reprimand him, using his best ex army sergeant's attitude, but Bobby's face just went blank, as if his mind had slipped out for a fag and left his body to face the music. 

Paul it seems led a rather chaotic life with no fixed routine. He left the house at different times of the day, probably when his agenda dictated, and would usually, but not always, return for an afternoon session of spiritualism with a troupe of sect members. What he did in the evenings varied enormously, and he did not always go back to the flat to sleep, either. Nonetheless after three weeks Chris decided he had all the information he needed, and called another meeting.

The glistening red Ford focus stood proud guard on the driveway like a modern day Beefeater.  Chris entered the garage by the side door to find that Bobby Hornsby had yet another little surprise for him.

‘What's she doing here?’

‘She's with me,’

answered Bobby.

The girl, no more than fifteen, stared at Mr. Morton with eyes so heavily made up she resembled a raccoon. Cropped dyed blonde hair, fish net stockings, working men's boots. She was short and stocky, with little stubby fingers. Her T-shirt cum dress  was provocative, especially to hormone driven adolescents. Chris sighed wearily. The girl continued to stare back, challenging him, daring him to so much as lay a finger on her. 

‘Bobby.’

It said: look, we've got men's work to do. She looks like a nice enough kid, and I can't say I blame you, after all, we all need a bit every so often, eh? But this is not the time or the place, Bobby. Ask her to wait for you outside, out of earshot, ok?

‘What?’

Bobby wasn't his usual receptive self this evening. Chris turned to the girl.

‘Look love, er, what's your name?’

‘Shaz,’

answered Bobby. 

‘Right, Shaz? Sharon. Look, we've...’

‘Sherazade,’

corrected the girl.

Yeah, sure, Sherazade, of course. Wouldn't be just plain Sharon, now would it. He decided to ignore the nuance.

‘Look, we've got a really important thing to discuss here tonight’.

She remained leaning against the workbench, as unreceptive as her escort.

‘And you're going to have to wait outside until we've finished. Right Bobby?’

This was put a little more bluntly. It meant: Bobby, you are the boss here. Or maybe not? If you asked her to go, would she? Or has she got you wrapped around her little finger? Show me.

Bobby jerked his head. Sherazade looked disappointed, but obeyed. She tugged her dress down a little lower over her thighs, handed her man the packet of cigarettes she had been toying with throughout, and sauntered out  into the street. She stopped about twenty metres off and leant against a lamppost. There she would remain until her lover rescued her.

Chris felt like giving them all a lecture. Did they fully understand the seriousness of the task in hand? Did they not realise that they could all go to prison for a very long time if it all went wrong, if the police got wind of their plans? They had to be discreet, secretive, meticulous. But what was the point? He was sure Danny was safe enough. Tommy? Too young probably, but still, a controllable risk as long as they kept an eye on him. That left Bobby Hornsby. He sighed and closed the garage doors. 

They stood around a camping table he'd set up in the middle of the garage. The notebooks were stacked neatly in one corner. A map of Burton was open in the centre of the table. He had their attention, or as much of it as they could muster. Now here's the plan.



Daphne placed her empty tea cup carefully back onto the tray. 

‘Ronald? Do you know who Catherine Prior is?’

Carlton did. He beat a hasty retreat.

Ron smiled. A challenge, eh? The name certainly rang a bell. Now let me think.

‘An actress?’

‘Actor,’

corrected Daphne. 

This was something Ron could not come to terms with. Why on earth had they done away with the word actress? Why would women want to use the same word as men? It was like doing away with queen and calling all monarchs kings. It was strange but true that in other countries, namely Spain, they were doing the exact opposite under the same feminist banner. There, women actively sought feminine nouns to counter the masculine form – doctora as opposed to doctor, jueza as opposed to juez (judge). Meanwhile in English women did their best to de-sex the language, so that mothers were just parents, wives were converted into partners, and women themselves became merely persons. How long before they banned He and She and we all became It? He looked at Daphne; her hairstyle, her dress, her tights, her dainty slippers with gold embroidery. This person was his partner. Vive la diference!

‘No. She is the woman who was raped and half killed in Burton the night your father disappeared.’

Carlton should have stayed if only for the chance to see Ronald Kavanagh dumbstruck. He didn't drop his teacup, or slump to the floor. Instead he seemed to have been frozen, or turned into stone. He was in a state of shock, as if Daphne had said that she was really a man trapped in a woman's body and wanted an operation. Or even worse, was pregnant.

Ron was reeling. He was trying not to be buried alive under the rubble of a thousand memories that crashed around him like flimsy buildings in an earthquake. Headlines, accusations, Dad, denials, Mum, his brothers, the police, his classmates. Prior. Miss Catherine Prior. It was no longer a bell that rang, but a huge gong that  reverberated through his whole being bringing with it pain, fear, melancholy and anxiety. He turned to Daphne and she was surprised to see his eyes full of tears.

He gulped, sniffed, and asked her 'why?' with his damp eyes.

She hadn't expected this reaction. It is true she hadn't known what to expect, but she hadn't foreseen this. She had imagined perhaps an elusive response, a nonchalant response, a surly response. But not tears. Emotional. How uncomfortable. He would need a few seconds to recover, so she remained silent for a minute or so. When she judged he would be able to listen to a little more without falling to pieces, she continued.

‘I asked Quigley to find out a little about... about... the incident. He gave me her name. I thought it best we try and get to the bottom of all this once and for all, it is obviously all tied up with Paul, with Ken, with the knifing.’

She stopped in case he wanted to make a comment, but he was otherwise engaged caressing the crease in his trousers. Daphne straightened her back, filled her lungs, and took the plunge.

‘I think we ought to go and see her. I understand she is reluctant, and we can't blame her for that, but I think we ought to go and see her and hear what she has to say.’

She had decided against mentioning the letter requesting an appointment. It was more advisable to just plough on. Ron did not reply.

‘For the record. For our peace of mind.’

Ron spoke to his shoes. He sounded like he had learnt his lines only minutes before and had not had time to work out the intonation, the delivery.

‘She has nothing to do with us. She has nothing to do with us. Nothing at all.’

He paused for a moment before carrying on. 

‘My Dad disappeared. He is not a rapist. It was pure coincidence. He is my father, for heaven's sake. She has nothing to do with us, nothing. Nothing.’

‘I am not suggesting for one second that your father had anything to do with the rape of this poor woman. You should know that by now. But we feel that somehow it has all got, been, well, confused and mixed up. We should speak to her. I'll go if you like, you don't have to come. But I thought you needed to know, ought to know.’

‘Thank you.’

Again this was said tonelessly so it was difficult to tell if it was sarcastic or sincere.

‘Because I am going to see her, Ronald, and talk to her, and get her version, and get to the bottom of this before it destroys us all. Because I can take only so much, only so much, and if talking to this woman helps, even if it helps just a bit, then I'm going to do it. Ronald?’

‘She has nothing to do with us.’

Daphne stood up. There was no time for tears, petulance, inaction. Something had to be done. She placed Quigley’s dossier on the arm of her husband's chair.

‘Maybe you should have a look at this. Maybe it's time to to ask yourself just who your father was. Or is. Because I don't know, dear, I don't know what to think any more. I'll be in my offic.’

Ron heard her leave. Somewhere deep down he heard a voice complain 'your study? That again? Since when?', but he was too stunned to pay it any attention. The dossier. Did he want to read it? Did he dare open it? Would he perhaps discover things he would much rather not have discovered? He saw the name Samuel Kavanagh out of the corner of his eye. Damn you, Dad.



She had called him Albert. Just as his mother had done all those years ago. She had said that she couldn't be saying Dr. Flynch this and Dr. Flynch that all the time, and had asked him for his first name. Albert, he had replied apologetically. Jill had smiled gently -  Albert, she liked it. And the way she pronounced it had sent a thrill through his whole body.

At school he had been known by his few friends as Bertie, it was more in keeping with his unhealthy body with imagination to match than Al, which sounded too tough, too streetwise. But ever since he had gained the title Doctor he had become no more than that -  forename Doctor, surname Flynch. Where was mummy's bespectacled little boy now? Or the teased and taunted schoolboy? He was dead. He had been suffocated, and his body had been buried in the garden. Or electrocuted in the bath, his veins cut so that his blood would drain away leaving a pale, limp cadaver to be sliced into manageable chunks and burnt in the furnace. Murdered and forgotten by the adult he had become.

He was musing, and as usual his thoughts eventually turned to darkness, to sordid detail and rotting corpses. He couldn't help it, it had always been that way. He snapped out of it.

He was unsure what to do next. That Prior woman refusing to speak to him had been a bit of a dead end, a cul-de-sac. Only to be expected, of course, but frustrating nonetheless. How to proceed?

He sorely needed to help Jill. Swan's killer had to be found so that Ken could be freed. He realised this may mean a reunion, but so be it. She had called him Albert, he had been touched, moved. Then he had been forced to sever all links with her. He owed it to her.

He quickly recapped. His original hunch had been correct, and Paul Kavanagh had indeed turned out to be the son of Sam Kavanagh. So far it all tied in nicely enough. Now there was the stabbing. It would appear at first sight to have no relationship with the original affair, that is the rape and disappearance. There could be any number of reasons why somebody would want to kill Mr. Swan. Jealousy perhaps, or some financial wheeling and dealing. Mistaken identity. Anything was possible.

But it was too much of a coincidence, and Albert Flynch's mind didn't like coincidences. Maybe it was all part of an elaborate plan to get Ken put away, a frame up? But why? By whom?

He ran his hand over his bald patch (he removed the toupee when alone). The TV was on, but only for companionship, it helped him think.

Enough. He needed a plan of action. The only lead he had at the moment was Catherine Prior. She refused to speak. But maybe one of her family would be prepared to spare him a few minutes? Her sister clearly not, she was a rather unstable character, but her brother-in-law? Very often the male was more forthcoming, more level headed, less emotional. Or one of her nephews? They would be quite grown up by now. It was worth a try. He'd have a word with the neighbours and see if they could orientate him as to who to approach. For Jill.



Chris Morton paced up and down nervously and checked his watch once more. Where on earth had they got to? They should have been there over ten minutes ago. He stole a glance at Tommy who was trying to act cool but gave himself away by continually fiddling with the zip of his jacket and biting the inside of his lower lip. They'd have to turn up soon or the whole mission would have to be postponed. Come on, come on.

Then he saw it. A small white van lurched into the street and pulled up beside him with a screech. This was not what he had expected. For some reason he had envisaged a larger type, a transit or something similar. Still, this was a van too, in a way, and it would do. Bobby was at the wheel, Danny co-pilot. They looked flushed, exhilarated, high on the adrenalin buzz of theft and daredevilry. Danny leapt out. He wanted to tell his Dad how they had nicked the van, how they had managed to get it started, how they had roared away before anybody could suspect a thing. They had been professional and effective. 

But father Morton was not impressed. They were more than ten minutes late. No, never mind the excuses, it's too late now. Let's just get on with it and hope it's not too late. Danny hated his Dad sometimes. 

‘Right, move over. I'll drive from now on.’

Bobby turned slowly and glared at Chris. By all means, if you are prepared to drag me out of here into the street and bludgeon me to death. If not, shut up and get in. 

Another challenge, another loss of face. This Bobby was costing him dear. But on second thoughts, maybe it was not such a bad idea. He laughed, shook his head as if to say, 'that's the spirit', and climbed in the passenger seat. Danny could have hugged Bobby for that.

The young Mortons climbed in the back where they were surrounded by beautiful women. Long lashes and pouting lips greeted them, blondes and brunettes posing in sensual robes draped over soft yet firm flesh. They giggled and touched the photos and cardboard cutouts lasciviously. The owner of the vanette it would appear made a living out of advertising cosmetic firms. 

‘Let's go. Not too fast, ok, we don't want to be pulled over.’

They drove to Jill's street and parked a few hundred metres down the street from her house. Paul should arrive any minute now if their surveillance was correct. 

Chris handed out the balaclavas. He had got Tommy to steal them a few days earlier so as not to leave any tracks. He imagined a fool buying them with a credit card and getting caught with the receipt in his back pocket. Someone like Bobby. Luckily he was there to take care of these minor yet all important details. 

So far so good. He reckoned he had a good enough head start with the theft of the van. By the time the owner realised it'd been pinched and had got round to reporting it to the police it'd all be done and dusted. They settled down in silence and wait.

‘Here he is!’

Hissed Bobby. And sure enough there he was, right on schedule. Mad Paul Kavanagh and his cohort. As always there was a short pause, then Paul entered and his hippy escort sauntered off.

There was a buzz of excitement in the small van. They had agreed to wait half an hour, for Paul to relax and be off guard, and just in case his bodyguard should return for some reason – because he needed some money, or because he had forgotten his joss sticks. Thirty minutes. 


The door bell rang. There was a pause. It rang again. 

‘Susie,’

called Jill from the kitchen. Reluctantly Susie got up to answer the door. Her brother remained mesmerised by his favourite TV programme, mouth hanging open, oblivious to everything. 

Susie opened the door to find three balaclava clad youths jostling for positions on the doorstep. She wanted to scream, but was literally dumbstruck. Before she could react a hand grasped her, while another covered her mouth. One of the youths fiddled with some masking tape and she was silenced. They were in.

‘Who is it? Susie? Robbie?’

Bobby had his knife in his hand. He stalked into the kitchen and grabbed Jill by the neck, threatening her with the knife. Meanwhile Tommy and Danny immobilised the kids, wrapping them up in the tape and throwing them on the sofa.

But there was no sign of Paul.

Say nothing. That had been Chris Morton's most energetic command. Say nothing and they will not be able to recognise your voice should it all go wrong. So far they had followed that rule to the letter. But now? How can you ask 'where the fuck is he?' by sign language, especially if all your victim can see is your eyes?

Danny decided to improvise. He left Tommy to mind the children, then went into the kitchen where Bobby looked as if he was about to do to Jill what he had done to Mr. Swan.

‘Where is he?’

He asked in a gruff, gangland voice.

Jill only wanted to scream. She was only concerned about her children, where were her children, were they alright? Don't harm them, I beg you, do what you want to me, but promise me you'll leave the kids alone. Unfortunately she tried to say all this with her eyes, because just like her daughter, no sound came from her throat. 

Bobby followed Danny's lead and demanded, in an almost unintelligible grunt

‘Where is he? The nutter?’

This frightened Jill even more and she struggled to get free. Bobby waved the knife in front of her and repeated the question.

‘Where the fuck is he?’

She tried to answer with a jerk of her head. The garden. He went out through the back gate. He's gone. He got a phone call and had to leave. I want to see my children! But all she can manage is a thin whine.

‘Check the garden, I'll go upstairs.’

Bobby jerked open wardrobe doors, looked under the beds, hunted high and low. Nothing. Back in the kitchen he let Danny know he had found no sign of Paul. And you? Danny grunted that he hadn't been able to check the garden yet as he had had to watch over Jill, tape her mouth. True enough. So he checked the garden while Bobby took over.

Bobby grabbed Jill by the neck again. He could have thrusted the knife into her at any moment, but he didn't. Why not? Perhaps because she was so concerned about her children, begging with her eyes to be allowed to see them, and that touched the sensitive part of his soul – the motherly love that had been so missing from his own childhood. Perhaps because if he killed her he would feel obliged to kill the kids, too, and that was going a bit too far. Or maybe he just couldn't be bothered. He decided to wrap her in masking tape instead.

Danny came back empty handed. Now what?

Improvise.


Chris Morton sneaked up closer with the van. They were taking a little longer than he had expected, but he was still calm. Then they stumbled out into the street. Three of them. And they were carrying something wrapped in a sheet. He was not sure what or who it was, but it was certainly not Paul Kavanagh. They wrenched open the back door of the van and threw their booty in. Tommy and Danny climbed in beside it, while Bobby jumped in the passenger seat and yelled

‘Let's get the fuck out of here!’

Chris roared off. 

‘What happened? Will someone tell me what the fuck is going on!’

‘He wasn't there.’

‘What? He must have been, we saw him go in and we didn't see him come out. What the fuck have you done?’

It sounded like an accusation, so Danny called out from the back.

‘It's true, Dad, he wasn't there. We searched the whole place. Nothing.’

‘So we got the kid instead,’

explained Bobby with a triumphant grin. 

Why Robbie? Why not Jill, or Susie? Because Bobby had had to decide quickly, so he had thought about who should be saved. He had seen the films, and it was always the same - women and children first. Then the sick, the elderly, the disabled, gays, and ethnic minorities. The healthy white male was inevitably the last one into the lifeboat. Robbie it was.

‘The kid? What fucking kid? What are we supposed to do with a fucking kid? It was the weirdo we wanted, not his fucking.... his fucking nephew or whatever he is. For Christ's sake!’

‘We can hold them to ransom,’

suggested Tommy.

‘Chris banged the wheel.’ 

‘Fuck, fuck, fuck!’

He needed to think, but there wasn't time. The van sped on relentlessly to its arranged destination, the kidnapped boy in the back - the plan was being followed despite the hitch. Once the bowling ball leaves our hand it rolls relentlessly along the alley and will not stop till it strikes the pins.
 
They picked their way through the suburbs of Burton, twisting and turning in a deliberately roundabout route specially designed for the occasion. What if their victim had a remarkable memory and a keen ear, being able to recreate the journey to the hideout in his mind's eye? Left, left, right, through a tunnel, past a noisy factory, stuck in a traffic jam. The fact that they had now kidnapped a child instead of an adult made no difference, they would stick to the original plan. They swung round the roundabout again, this time in the opposite direction. He'd have to be a bloody genius to follow this. Eventually they took the rutted side road up to the empty warehouse where they had set up their HQ. 

It was perfect for their intentions. The small industrial estate was off the beaten track, but not unused, so a small van arriving late evening would not be an unusual event. One of a line of six identical warehouses, it was flanked on one side by a packaging company and on the other by a footwear storeroom. Inside there was a dividing wall marking off an area which had been used for office space, and there was a washroom and toilet, too. Trudy had given him the keys. He had made copies and returned them, then got in and changed the locks. Trudy had temporarily removed the property from the estate agent's list, so no-one should be inquiring for a while. It would be reinstated immediately should anything go wrong.

Tommy and Danny leapt out. They were concerned that their bundle hadn't moved much, hadn't put up much of a struggle, but were loath to take the sheet off him in case he recognised something. Chris told them to hurry, to get the kid into position without delay. Robbie was rudely lugged into the warehouse and thrown upon a mattress kept in the corner of what was once the office space. They all put their balaclavas on and ripped the sheet off his face. He was a strange colour, and seemed to have passed out. 

‘The tape!’

Yelled Tommy, and quickly pulled a strip off the boy's nose. 

‘His mouth too! Get it off his fucking mouth too!’

Screamed Chris. Robbie's face was freed. They were not sure what to do next, and all stood around nervously. Had they killed him? Should they give him the kiss of life? Or pound his chest? Would they rather he was alive or dead? It was not a question they had asked themselves before. Alive, surely, as if he died, then they were murderers. Well, Bobby already was, and he didn't seem to mind, but the others?

To their relief Robbie took in a long draught of air and after a few coughs and splutters started to breath normally. They marched out, locking the office door behind them. 

‘Get rid of the van. Don't forget to wipe it clean first, then torch it.’

Ordered Cris.

‘Why should I have to clean it if I'm going to burn it?’

Bobby wanted to know

‘Because the forensic boys will know your fucking shoe size by tomorrow afternoon if you don't, that's why.’

Knowing the Burton police that was probably an exaggeration, but Bobby was convinced. 

‘Take the boys with you. I'll stay here tonight, then we follow the rota system, ok? Now go!’

He went back into the warehouse through the small door cut into the the larger garage doors. The sound of Robbie whimpering came from the office. He desperately needed to think, or at least to think well. He felt like a laboratory rat in a maze, chasing around looking for the way out. Because he assumed that there was a way out, there must be a way out. Shit, what was he supposed to do with a kid? The idea had been to capture a Kavanagh, a grown up, responsible, fully fledged Kavanagh, someone who knew why he had been abducted, why he was being punished. Above all someone who knew what was coming to him, someone who realised that his immediate future was one of pain and fear. This person should acknowledge the crime committed, apologise, and beg for forgiveness. It was the only way to put an end to this, for wrongs to be righted, for history to be placated. Only then could the captors decide whether to carry out the sentence in full or be magnanimous.

But what did a child know of his father's sins? 



The nation was up in arms. At first Paul's castration had been a bit of a giggle. The hunt for his missing gonads had been fun for a while, as had the biblical nonsense, and most people had enjoyed his arrogant brother's downfall. Then, in a strange twist, Mr. Swan had been murdered and everyone had been shocked by Kenneth's unlikely implication. But the abduction of an innocent child by a gang of masked men, with no apparent motive, had added intrigue and mystery. And indignation and horror. 

The Burton police were no longer alone and could now, with mixed feelings, count on the inestimable aid of their colleagues from the larger cities. This time there would be no leaping to conclusions, no destruction of invaluable evidence. They would take their time, comb the crime scene meticulously, re-enact events, leave no hair unturned. And wait for the ransom demand. Because although they kept an open mind and excluded no hypothesis, it was as clear as day that the gang involved was after the Sect's money. They had tried to coerce Swan, but he had refused, paying for that with his life. Now this new means of extortion. Albanians probably. But officially (apart from the mandatory 'we will not rest until the culprits are brought to justice' bit), no comment.

Ken had smashed his reading lamp and badly damaged other government materials on hearing the news. According to the psychiatrist it was a casebook example of impotent rage. Given the circumstances the matter would be overlooked. He was to be stabilised (read sedated), and from there on in any information about the kidnapping was to be screened and tailored to meet his mental needs. 

Which coincidentally was the same tried and trusted treatment that both Jill and her daughter Susie were receiving – drugs and lies. 

After their attackers had fled with Robbie, the two had managed to crawl to each other, free themselves and raise the alarm. The police had arrived, the girls had given a garbled and hasty account of events, then collapsed. Ever since then they had been under observation, cruising through the days in a state of semi oblivion. Which was probably the wisest decision, as it avoided Jill from dwelling on the fact that her son had been kidnapped and her estranged husband falsely accused of murder. She also needed to stop thinking about the fact that it was not her son Robbie that the gang had been looking for, but her self-castrated brother-in-law boss. This conviction she had relayed to the police, but they had not shown much interest. To them it didn't matter much exactly who had been abducted, it could have been any of those present, the motive remained the same. Cash.

Roadblocks were set up on all routes out of town, the railway and bus stations had more men in uniform than clients and staff together, even a helicopter was brought in. It flew overhead for the first few days, noisily announcing its presence as it swooped over the parks and gardens of Burton town. Did they really hope to spot the kidnappers from up there, perhaps as the frightened wrongdoers made a desperate dash for it across the fields? Or was it more a show of strength, a flexing of muscle? Was it a gesture designed for the criminals, or for the press?



Daphne and Ronald were aghast. Truly aghast.  This was the real thing, this was danger, this was life or death. Put beside Robbie's kidnapping their petty concerns paled into insignificance.

Ron had been working on his indignation when he had heard the news. He had been preparing a confrontation with his wife, and with Quigley, over what he took to be a very serious issue. How dare they slander his father in such a way? Who were they to go poking their noses into his family's past? Had they no respect? Why had he not been consulted, or at least informed? He had also been toying with the idea of accusing them both of treachery, but was not convinced that he should overdo the knife in the back bit, Daphne would just heave a heavy sigh. Heard it too many times. But he had been determined to have his say. Now, after this, he would have to keep it to himself.

Daphne too had been humbled by this unexpected tragedy. She could see now that she had been mistaken in giving so much importance to things that didn't really matter, at least not compared to recent events. Quilted jackets, for example, had always managed to irritate her, as had cheerless check out girls and their ghastly make up. Men with stubble, brightly coloured cushions, loud radios, the others in a queue..... the list was extensive. Now she acknowledged that this was all no more than her own particular brand of, well, yes, let's be blunt, snobbery. Or rather a question of taste, of personal opinion. Either way nothing transcendental. The lesson learnt, she proudly concluded that next to poor Robbie's abduction her manias and preferences were mere trifles.

She took her husband's hands in hers and regarded him earnestly.

‘Jill says they were really after Paul, and I believe her. We need to speak to him, to get together. I have sent him a copy of.... Anyway, he's coming round this afternoon, so we can thrash it out amongst us.’

Given him a copy? Slanderers! Who are we to judge? On what flimsy evidence?

‘This afternoon. Fine.’


Trudy needed something to hurl, to smash, but the only thing at hand was a bag of sliced bread. It would have to do. She threw it with all her rage at the window over the sink, where it flopped noiselessly onto the taps, spilling part of its content into the soapy water. She wanted to blame somebody or something – Paul for slipping off without a word, Bobby for his wild improvisation, Danny and Tommy for not stopping him, Chris for being so stupid as to let Bobby in on what was after all a family issue. Or life in general for conspiring against her over and over again. At moments like these she cared not what foul expletives or cruel comments left her twisted, frothing lips. And to hell with the neighbours, too. It was like being drunk. She could rant and spew, break things, dirty her clothes, scream and cry, accuse and abuse, anything was admissible. Eventually, if she didn't manage to calm herself, Chris would intervene. He would have his own moment of fury, then smack (you never punch a woman) Trudy about the head until she stopped fighting back, until she fell to the floor in a pool of tears, dragging down with her whatever object happened to be at hand. The boys had seen it all before and knew the process, even having their own little fits every so often. Once over there would be a day or so of sullen silence, the daily routine would be conducted via monosyllables, but soon enough all would be forgotten. There was no need for forgiveness because losing your rag is natural and happens to everyone.

Through the ear splitting screams, the destruction of the kitchen and the swearing a message of sorts emerged. Basically they had screwed it. They had gone out hunting deer and had returned with a rabbit. What were they supposed to say to Catherine? Look, we've kidnapped a kid. Wreak your long awaited revenge on him. How could they be so stupid?

Then she lost her thread a little and started pulling at her hair and screaming 'get rid of it, kill it, kill it, kill it!'  It was at this moment that her husband felt obliged to apply treatment. It was also the moment Catherine chose to appear in the doorway.



News of the kidnapping found Dr. Flynch  patrolling the neighbourhood, notebook in hand. What he had discovered so far was not what he had expected, and was not to his liking. He had assumed that the Prior family would run a discreet life, provoking compassion and pity from their neighbours. Surely anyone who had learnt of her terrible fate would be sympathetic and understanding? He knew from his experience that she would maintain a low profile, going out as little as possible and never mentioning her ordeal to anyone other than a very close friend or relative. He assumed that those who knew her story would answer him in whispers, as if afraid that Catherine would overhear them, or perhaps as a form of respect, as in churches or libraries. Others, kept in ignorance, would shrug and have very little to offer. Oh her, they would say, oh we don't see her very much at all. She keeps herself to herself.

But no, he had been wrong. The Priors, or rather the Mortons, were very well known indeed. Infamous, in fact. It is true that Catherine herself was a bit of a mystery, but the rest of the family had sprayed their name over just about every wall in the area. According to almost everybody he had managed to get to air their opinions, the Mortons were, excluding the expletives, scum, filth, trash, neo nazis, boot boys, skins, schizos, savages. They were feared and hated. They represented everything that was wrong with the estate; they were violent, rude, aggressive, uncivil, racist, selfish, dangerous. Not to be messed with. 

Which changed things radically and tied in perfectly with his hostile reception at the hands of Trudy Morton. He had to warn Jill. 

Unfortunately she refused to answer his calls. He understood, she was in a state of shock, sedated probably. It didn't occur to him that under the circumstances a call from Dr. Flynch brought back to Jill a host of full colour photos showing......  Nonetheless he was determined to help. He would use his media powers, he would tell the nation, he would even tell the police if they would listen, because he could feel another hunch creeping up on him.



No candles had been lit, no incense sticks burnt into the air, he was not squatting in the official lotus position. Instead he sat slumped in an armchair, wrapped in a towel, staring at the cold grey TV screen in silence. Because he was not meditating, he was thinking. Meditating he found easy, reducing his sensations into manageable chunks then giving them names like Peace, Harmony, Oneness, Interconnectivity and the like. He could muse for hours over the concepts of Unit and Unity or play with words until he found a connection between Response and Responsibility. It was an exercise he enjoyed, it was relaxing, and his discoveries could later be used in a master class for his disciples. 

Thinking straight was another matter. What had happened, what might have happened, what should have happened, things said, intentions, misunderstandings – it all clamoured and bustled inside him like a room full of noisy kids demanding attention. It should have been me, he thought. Not Mr. Swan, not poor little Robbie, but me. I am to blame. No doubt both Johnny Eagle and Robbie would have agreed with him on that. But how could that be so? How could he, of all people, bring about so much suffering? Paul Kavanagh, the pacifier, the lover of forgiveness and atonement? How could he be so misinterpreted, he asked himself, for although he was the new messiah he had not yet realised that we are all misunderstood by some section of society, it was part of the game. 

The more he thought about it, the less he understood. There had been a sequence of events that had led to the disaster, a succession of minor events that all fitted together so neatly, so perversely. That phone call from Rani from the shopping mall. A trolley full of goods and not a penny to his name. Of all the evenings for  Rani to forget the credit card.  And the phone was in the bag, the very bag that Rani had left behind and should have carried off to do the shopping with. Fate? And to take the back gate instead of the front door because it was quicker, shorter.  Worse, they never shopped on Thursday evening, they usually did that on a Tuesday, but Diamond had had to go to the gynaecologist so they had put it off.  Destiny? It had to be something like that, some kind of intelligent design, because it all fell so neatly into place. Mr. Swan, murdered. May peace be with him. And they blame Ken! That's why he was not at home to defend his family, that's why Jill was the new treasurer, that's why he, Paul, was there, or not there, but should have been. So Paul Kavanagh should either be dead or kidnapped. But he wasn't, he was sitting at home while others suffered in his name.

Then Ron had sent the dossier. Why on earth had he got some lawyer to do that, he had never believed a word of it right from the start, ever? And why had he sent it on? It was odd, baffling. It was as if his eldest brother, the campaigner for 'Dad is innocent', had suddenly had a change of heart, because the folder was damning stuff. And the timing of it? Weird. 

The police thought the motive was money, but he was convinced it stemmed from well before the Sect's success. He had started the ball rolling, he had set things in motion, and everything that had followed had been a consequence of that initial action, that attempt at appeasement. So maybe he hadn't gone far enough. Maybe mere self-castration was insufficient. Maybe he should have offered the victim more than self-mutilation. Maybe he should have sacrificed himself before her. Or maybe he should have tried to speak to her, to seek her out and beg for forgiveness. Yes, maybe that was the way to halt the chain mail, to hit the delete button. He would put it to Ron.



They blamed his parents, who had obviously not prepared him for life in the jungle. No doubt they mollycoddled and pampered him, expecting him to grow up without so much as a scratch and go to university, or work in Daddy's firm. He'd have all the latest toys, get to see the films as they came out, boast designer clothes, and always be tucked in with a kiss at bedtime. How they hated him. 

He hadn't stopped whimpering and whining since he'd arrived, blubbering like a baby day after day, though they judged he must be at least eight or nine years old by the looks of him. And he'd hardly touched his food either, after all the trouble they'd been to, and bits of pizza and hamburger littered the floor of his makeshift cell. Not good enough for him, spoilt brat.

He'd pissed his clothes and the bed, too, little bastard, and Chris had wanted to give him a good hiding for that, but as soon as he had raised his hand the kid had started wailing and sobbing like a bloody girl. Pathetic. So he had taped his mouth again, carefully this time, and made him lie down in his own piss for a few hours. That would make him think twice about doing it again. 

Mr. Morton's worst fears were being confirmed. Kids of today, it was enough to make your blood boil. Weak, that's what they were. The only exercise they got was getting in and out of the car on the way to school. Flabby arms and legs, fat, suet pudding bellies, frightened eyes with no challenge in them. The sons and daughters of wet liberals, of the  middle class with their burglar alarms and insurance schemes, holidays abroad and gourmet frozen food. What was the world coming to? He couldn't imagine his own kids caving in so soon. They would put up a fight, glare back at you, dare you to touch them. They had balls, and balls is what it takes if you want to survive in this world. You had to be tough, firm. He slapped his chest. You had to turn off the hot water half way through the shower and rinse yourself down in cold, icy water. It was invigorating, it was manly, it was the only way. Everything else just made you weak, and therefore vulnerable.

Bobby hated the boy because he came from a world he had only seen on the TV, a make believe world of plenty and safety: advertland. Diaphanous white kitchens, Mum, Dad, son and daughter, so clean, so happy, so healthy, so full of such good-natured fun. He was the sort of kid he would have cheerfully bullied at school, the sort of kid it was almost his duty to taunt in the park. Got any money? Nice bag. I like your new jacket, can I try it on? He deserved it, it would teach him a lesson, teach him not to flaunt his good luck in my face, little shit!

The Morton family hated him for the same reasons, but with the added insult of his surname. He was not only a snivelling, grovelling good for nothing, wetting the bed and crying for his Mum. He was the enemy. A direct descendant. It was undeniable, it was in his blood. He was one of them, a Kavanagh, like it or not. And now he was in their hands. Tough luck.

Bobby Hornsby pulled on his balaclava, unlocked the office door, and made straight for Robbie.

‘No, no!’

Without uttering a word, Bobby knocked him about for a few seconds. The boy fell silent. Punishment and response. It worked, as Bobby knew only too well, having learnt it the hard way over so many years. 

The garage doors squeaked open and Chris nipped in, closing them swiftly behind him. He beckoned to Bobby, and took him to the far corner where they talked in whispers, still afraid that if Robbie was eventually rescued he may be able to recognise their voices. 

‘Get him ready. I've got a a track suit in the car. Get him to clean himself up a bit, and make sure he's taped up again all right. I'll be back around five.’

‘What about lunch?’

‘Yeah, it's in the van too. And if the little runt don't want any, that's his look out.’

‘Fuck him.’

Chris winked his approval. 

‘Any trouble? Anything.... you know?’

‘No, nothing. Kid keeps crying all the time and it gets on my fucking nerves, Mum, Mum all day long. But I keep him shut up one way or another. No trouble.’

‘And the neighbours?’

‘Nothing.’

‘Great. Let's get the stuff out the car, and I'll be back around five, five thirty.’

‘Make it four thirty, five, I've had enough in here. Shaz is waiting for me.’

Chris looked alarmed.

‘She doesn't........’

‘No! No, of course she don't. She's alright.’

Should he drive it home again, the importance of discretion, of secrecy, or would that be like treating Bobby as if he were an idiot?

‘Not a word, eh, for our own sakes. Ah, and if it all goes tits up, you're on your own. We all are, ok? No grassing. Yeah?’

‘Never!’

‘That's the stuff. You're a fucking godsend, Bobby, really. Great job.’

Bobby was genuinely touched. At last somebody appreciated his skills and even went so far as to praise him. Yeah, Danny's Dad was alright. 



As promised, just before five an immaculate red Ford Focus parked under the protective cover of some horse chestnut trees a few hundred metres from the warehouse. Five people climbed out. Two youths, hooded, and three adults, each one hidden under a huge umbrella despite the fact that it had stopped raining. They trudged in silence and in single file like a funeral procession. 

Once inside they gave Bobby the nod and he rushed out, clearly relieved to be out of there and no doubt looking forward to Shaz's warm welcome. He promised to do another shift that night. After ten. Ten, ten fifteen.

There was tension and, following Chris's instructions, nobody uttered a sound. The women were escorted towards the office, which remained locked. From inside a faint sobbing could be heard. Catherine looked at her sister in fright. What was going on? What on earth had they done? Trudy hardened her face and turned away – it was not her problem. All comments to be made to her husband, please.

Mr. Morton handed out the balaclavas. The women took them, but did not put them on. Put them on, urged Chris with his eyes, with his hands. Reluctantly the women complied. Chris took a deep breath. This was an historical moment, it was the moment they had all been yearning for over the years. It was their moment of triumph, of revenge, of justice. He unlocked the door and pushed the women inside. There. Your prize. The end of your suffering at long last. 

Robbie had been placed on the bed, dressed roughly in a dark blue track suit various sizes too large for him. Bobby had plastered his hair down over his head with gel, and wrapped him up in masking tape. The poor kid could hardly move. A look of fear and panic had been carved onto his face. He wriggled and twisted himself further from the door and these hooded intruders as if trying to escape, albeit by a few more centimetres. The office stank of stale food, spilt soft drinks and piss. It did not resemble the kind of scene that goes down in history.

After this anticlimax, the tension gave way to awkwardness. They were all huddled about the boy's bed, staring at him through the slits in their woollen masks, unsure what to do next, and unable to speak a word. How was there to be retribution without a speech? Were they to accuse him by mime? How could the culprit be sentenced in silence? And who was this boy?

Catherine pushed past the others and left the office. She wrenched off her balaclava and readjusted her hair, which was now a total mess. She hissed for Trudy and Chris to join her in a far corner of the warehouse. She needed an explanation.


‘Who the hell is that? Who the hell is that?’

‘He is the grandson of the bastard that raped you, that's who. A Kavanagh.’

‘For Heaven's sake!’

‘Don't look at me,’

and Trudy stomped off to be with her children.

‘What are we supposed to do with, with... For heaven's sake, Chris, he's just a child. Have you seen the look on his face? For heaven's sake.’

‘He's just frightened, that's all, it's perfectly natural, and we haven't so much as laid a finger on him, honest. He's just weak, that's all, a coward like the rest of them. Now we can do whatever you want. It's your decision. You decide. The boys and me will do whatever you want.’

She shook her head.

‘He's a Kavanagh, like his Dad, like his Grandad. We wanted to get Paul, you know, the nutter, the one who chopped them off and got in all the papers. But Bobby blew it and got the kid instead. He's yours now. You decide. But make it quick. He's already been here long enough and we'll have to do something before the cops sniff us out.’

‘I can't... I can't think, not here, not now. Can we go? Can't I have a little time to think about it? I can't think, not here.’

Chris sighed. She was making it all so fucking difficult. They'd only just arrived and now she wanted to go. Why couldn't she just say what she wanted, they do it, and then it would all over and they could clear out before the shit hit the fan. The longer they stayed there the worse. Women. 

‘You can have till tomorrow, but only till tomorrow. We can't keep this up for much longer, the cops are swarming all over the place and god help us if they catch us now. Till tomorrow, ok?’

Catherine agreed, there was little else she could do. She motioned to her sister, come on, let's get out of here. Trudy looked surprised, they'd only just arrived. Chris widened his eyes, nodded. I know, I know, but that's your sister for you. Let's go. The three adults unfurled their umbrellas and left the two boys to keep guard until Bobby's return. 



Shaken out of his lethargy, Ron was rehearsing his lines. So there was to be a showdown? Bring them on.

He was looking forward immensely to the debate with his little brother, it was an excellent opportunity to put the record straight once and for all. The evidence as presented in Quigley's slim and hastily put together dossier would be ripped to shreds. Paul had no chance of success whatsoever. Ron would destroy the argument point by point, employing both lacerating logic and resonant rhetoric. If necessary he was even prepared to play his ace card, that of eldest brother – he had known his father better and longer, whereas Paul had been no more than a child.

Ron knew that to win a case like this it wasn't so much the content that mattered as the conviction. Naturally certain specific aspects would need to be addressed, but it was the overall impression that would eventually swing the jury. You had to believe that you were in possession of the Truth, you had to show the judge that there was no shadow of a doubt, at least not in your mind. Once you had achieved that, the rest would just roll out effortlessly. All your speeches, summaries and cross examinations would lead to the same unavoidable conclusion. QED. I rest my case.

Still, he would do his homework. He would have a few harsh words with Quigley the Traitor and find out just who these tale-telling old fools were and on what authority they  shitted on his dear dead father's name. If he could belittle the source, he could dismiss the hearsay at a stroke. Then he would be free to paint his own picture of Sam Kavanagh, not based on malicious gossip, but on first-hand experience. He would be eloquent, thorough and concise. Dad would be re-instated.

Because it was vital. Given that nobody could now ever claim to know the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth about his father, it was crucial that he take a stance and stick to it. Sam Kavanagh was innocent, he had to be innocent, because if not then Ron's entire existence would have to be reassessed, and he had no desire to have his life overhauled at this stage in the game. Not by Quigley, not by Daphne, and certainly not by his weirdo kid brother. He was not prepared to suddenly become the son of a wife-beating, alcoholic rapist. And he was very sorry if Paul had lopped them off because he had decided to swallow all that rubbish, but that was his own stupid fault. One thing he knew for sure, his were staying where they were.

Paul had not bothered to plan ahead, what was the point? There was no way of knowing what Ron would say, or if Daphne would back him up, so it was impossible to prepare counter arguments. For all he knew they would for once find some common ground over it all, or at least agree to differ. Anyway, thinking ahead was not his forte, as he tended to get in a muddle and lose his thread, or go round and round the same situation, changing it slightly each time until it became absurd. He preferred to let events progress naturally the way a river slides downstream to the sea. The course of life. One thing, though, was clear. He had to make Ron see, see that Dad may just not have been what he thought, or imagined, or remembered; he had to get him to doubt.  As for the rest he would play it off the cuff and hope for the best.

Carlton, whose status had increased tenfold after the latest developments, gave him the go ahead to pass into the lounge. The rest of the colourful crew would have to wait in the van, off the grounds. Leave this to the experts, please, and no-one will have anything to lament. 

Daphne had arranged the seating, one brother on either side of her moderator's chair. Refreshment had also been supplied in the shape of tea, real tea, and biscuits, assorted biscuits of all shapes and sizes, some even wrapped in gold or crimson shiny paper like tiny presents. A spare copy of the dossier had been left on the sideboard as she had rightly assumed that Paul would forget to bring his own and that Ron would under no circumstances be prepared to share his with anyone. Let combat begin.

Paul sat down at his allotted position, a little nervous about helping himself to Daphne's well presented goodies for fear of dropping crumbs onto the expensive carpet or spilling tea into his saucer and so having to worry about the drops every time he took a sip. The lounge was so tidy, so clean, so stage set perfect that he was glad he had decided to wear socks with his sandals. Somehow he felt the sight of unclipped toenails would upset Daphne, and probably enrage big brother.

Ron declined the offer of a seat. He needed to strut, to pose, to turn away dramatically with a sweep of his dossier only to creep back in towards his prey with a devastating last question. His wife implored him with her eyebrows, but he pretended not to have understood the subliminal message. 

‘I hope you don't believe any of this.......tosh. Eh?’

Paul was about to reply when Ron ploughed on.

‘I've never read so much,’

he wanted to say 'tosh' again, as he felt it was the very word, but,

‘twaddle in all my life. Never! That bloody Quigley. Well let me tell you something, this, this, is just a load of.....’

Oh, what the hell,

‘bollocks!’

Daphne drew in air through her nostrils and straightened her back. That will be quite enough of that, thank you. We will have nothing of the sort in here. Not in my, our, own lounge. Please don't force me to remind you again.

It was subliminally clear this time, and Ron made an apology of sorts by tightening his mouth and quivering visibly.

‘Yes, yes, anyway, as I was saying, don't you believe a word of it, Paul, not a word. You probably don't remember Dad, being so young, but let me tell you that this,’

he waved the dossier about as if it were a rat he'd caught by the neck and was about to dash to the ground,

‘this is poison, venom of the worst kind. It is slander, it speaks ill of the dead, it is not to be trusted, believe me. It is trash.’

And he hurled it towards the fireplace. Not in the fireplace as Daphne had arranged a vase of flowers there, but near enough for the gesture to be understood.

Paul had been thrown off by the word trash. He had expected rubbish. Trash was like garbage, you only really heard it on TV or at the cinema. Or maybe in music, too, come to think of it, but not from Ron's mouth. It sounded odd. But of course he couldn't admit that, couldn't ask 'did you say trash?'. This was serious stuff. So he said

‘Is Dad dead, then, do you think?’

Which stopped big brother Ron in his tracks. Had he said that? Why? Was it a Freudian slip? Oh dear, he really hadn't thought about that, at least not recently, and he naturally had no idea if his father was still alive somewhere or other or not. Reason said that he was no longer amongst us. He would be an old man now, and surely he would have got in touch, especially when Mum had died, or when Susie and Robbie were born. Or now, now that they were in the papers every day, his son in prison, his grandson in danger, his son with his balls cut off. He had better be dead.

He bent down and picked up the dossier to gain time.

‘Eh? Dead? Well, what do you think?’

‘No, it's just that you said it was talking badly about the dead. I don't know, I thought maybe you knew something I didn't. I didn't mean to say anything really. It's just that as you said that, I thought maybe....’

‘I'm sure, like all of us, he hasn't the foggiest idea, have you dear?’

No doubt this interruption was meant to help, was intended to lend a hand to her ailing husband, to give him a little more time to gather his thoughts and resume his role, but it fell flat on its face. It sounded as if Ronald had been caught unawares and had been unable to answer the question, and therefore needed his wife's help. It sounded as if, due to Sam's irresponsible behaviour, it was anyone's guess as to what had happened to him. It sounded as if, after so many years, who could give a monkey's anyway?

‘That's not the point. That is not the point, is it? I mean, we didn't come here to discuss the possibilities of his being alive or not, did we? We are here to clear his name of this f.. pucking slandering. I don't know if he's still out there somewhere, do I? Who knows? Does it matter at this stage in the game? Maybe he's alive and living a life of luxury in the Bahamas, or living in a hut in the Punjab. Or maybe he's long dead. We'll never know now, will we? Eh? We'll never know, Paul. Never. Not now.’

He let that sink in, both for Paul's sake and his own, before carrying on.

‘What matters, what really matters, is how we remember him, not if he's alive or dead. But how we remember him. Was he a wife beater? No. I swear he was not. Not once did he raise a hand to Mum. Ever. Believe me, he never laid a finger on her.’

Paul and Daphne nodded. Ron was being sincere, genuine, and he would have to have his say.

‘OK, so he drank. So what? So what? Is that so bad, is it such a sin? He's not the only one. Anyway it's all been exaggerated out of proportion. It was the done thing in those days, like smoking or going to the cinema. We shouldn't judge that by today's standards.’

‘And he did have a Catholic upbringing,’ 

explained Daphne with a wise nod.

Ron didn't understand the relevance of the comment but acknowledged it nonetheless.

‘But the worst, the vilest, the most..., most... cruel of all is that terrible accusation. Dad didn't do that. I know it. I just know it!’

‘Mum lied.’

There, he had said it. He had waited for his cue, he had let Ron have his little speech, but at last he had said it. He felt exhilarated.

‘I know, of course she did. Christ you've had that stuck in your head for so many fucking years. Of course she lied, she'd just been ditched, dumped, abandoned. With three kids to look after. What do you think she'd say? She lied. Is that what you want to hear? She lied about what had happened, to protect us, can't you see that? It doesn't make Dad a fucking rapist.’

Two swear words in quick succession, this was getting out of hand. Ron was flustered, Paul was being shouted down. A time out was in order, but how could she interrupt now? How could she blithely ask 'another biscuit?'

Paul could not let his brother convert a gut feeling about his father's innocence into historical truth. Because Paul was convinced of the exact opposite. Hence the self mutilation, the belated act of atonement, the attempt at an apology through sacrifice. Ron could never see that, he realised. Ron would cling to his version of events despite the overwhelming evidence, despite the uncomfortable coincidences, despite the dossiers. To him, Sam Kavanagh would always be innocent, innocent even if proven guilty. There is no-one blinder that he who refuses to see. He decided to put his brother to the test.

‘If I could prove, I mean prove, that Dad, yes, our own flesh and blood, had really done.... was truly responsible...’

Ron's face distorted into hatred.

‘You little shit! You fucking mad hippy little shit! Prove it? Prove it? How? By cutting your fucking balls off? By dragging us all down through the shit? The shit? Have you ever stopped for one fucking minute to ask yourself why? Why Ken's in prison? Why Robbie is god knows where? Why we have a security guard in here at this very minute? Eh? Why my wife feels she has to get that bastard Quigley to put this, that together? I wonder why. It wouldn't be because you thought, in your drugged up state, that it would be best for all of us if you cut off your balls? You fucking nutter. All this is your fucking fault, and all because Mum lied. Mum lied therefore my Dad's a rapist. For fuck's sake.’

An excellent performance, full of facial expressions, intonation and menacing gestures. Daphne stood up abruptly, enough is enough.

‘Well shouting and swearing and being at each other's throats will get us nowhere. You two obviously do not see eye to eye on this matter, and far be it from me to cast judgement, but I do feel we ought to try and do something. Let us not forget that poor Robbie is out there somewhere in the hands of some highly dangerous types and.....’

Carlton popped his head round the door. Any trouble?

‘Thank you, Mr. Wallace, everything's fine.’

She looked at the two of them with her best, stern teacher's glare.

‘Well? Shall we leave our differences to one side and do something constructive? Calm down a little? Action instead of words?’

Ron was panting heavily, half turned away but reluctant to show his back to his wife, especially now she had adopted her favourite role. Paul sat apparently unruffled, wriggling his toes in silence. Daphne spotted her opportunity.

‘More tea?’



Credit where credit is due. The Burton Police and their colleagues across the nation were the only ones, apart from those directly involved, whose sole concern was the release of an unharmed Robbie Kavanagh. The cynical would claim that this was because they feared that their already long track record of unsolved crimes would be extended even further, but the truth of the matter is that they unselfishly strove to discover the whereabouts of young Robbie and return him safe and sound to his parents, or rather parent. It is true that there were also thousands of well-wishers writing letters and lighting candles from coast to coast, emotionally borne on the trade winds of television news reports, but these were the same types who bought wreaths for princesses they had never met, or who signed petitions for change in countries they had only ever visited in colour supplements or seen from the balconies of their holiday hotels. Motives unclear.

The Police Station no longer resembled the provincial constabulary where Kenneth Kavanagh, K., had been so humiliatingly interrogated. The whole area had been cordoned off, and huge vehicles with imposing antennae lined the adjacent streets. There was a constant coming and going of uniformed men and women, accompanied by others in clothes best described as civilian, and obtaining entry to this improvised HQ was virtually impossible, as Dr. Flynch had already found out. It was difficult to say if this display of strength and materials would be sufficient to unearth young Robbie, but nobody could accuse them of not trying.

The problem was they had so little to go on. The kidnappers were clearly professionals, as they had as yet committed no mistakes. Jill's home had undergone the most up to date forensic examination, but nothing conclusive had been found. The stolen van had been burnt to a crisp, and all of the gang and their prey had vanished into thin air. No ransom note had been received, no threatening phone call. Nothing. Unless a nationwide house by house search was launched there seemed little more the police force could do other than wait for a lucky break.

Or listen to Dr. Flynch, who was, after all, a prominent figure who had had personal contact with the victim's mother. But it was not to be. Without specific permission and a special pass no-one was to enter the building, let alone have access to superior officers. They didn't care what his name was, they didn't care if he was the queen's lover, he wasn't getting in without a pass and that was that. Good day, sir. Same to you.

So he was forced to take an alternative route. He phoned up some of his journalist contacts and told him his news and views. He insinuated names and spelt out his fears and hunches. It was the rumour mill, he knew, but it was all he could do to help. To make it all more attractive he decided to spice it up a bit. Somebody, he insinuated, needed to go poking their nose into the unhealthy behaviour of certain community members, because that someone would then possibly get a big surprise, and maybe even a huge reward. Because this could even go political if played right. That's right. Political. 

The following day various newspapers 'discovered' the extreme environment of much of Burton's neighbourhoods. Could this help explain the mindless attacks suffered by prominent citizens, had this anything to do with the unfolding of recent events? Fertile ground indeed. Now that ideology had raised its shaven head, the Kavanagh Saga could be used to explain, prove, justify, or underline just about any theory imaginable. It became the moral in everybody's tale. To those on the left of the spectrum it represented the drastic consequences of intolerance, ignorance and violence. Those who had inherited the Right talked of moral decay, of illegal immigration, of the loss of traditional values. Those caught in the middle or at the edges spoke of second languages, urban design, public transport or high protein diets. All of them would drive home their point with an example from the Kavanagh cases.



Bobby Hornsby wass playing with his knife, the very knife that would mark his destiny. He showed it to Robbie. Look. A real bone handle. Unique. He couldn't speak in case Robbie was one day miraculously freed and able to recognise his voice, but in his head he was telling him a story. He was telling him how his uncle had made the knife while doing national service in Gibraltar. It was not true, his uncle had bought it from a Moroccan, but Bobby didn't know that, or even want to know that. He twirled it slowly so the blade gleamed in the faint light. Now he was stalking Mr. Swan. He knew his routines, his favourite haunts, his way home. He rounded the van and...Swift, deft, deadly. A very special knife, held up for your mother to see, her eyes full of fear and respect. He put it back into its sheath and into his back pocket, his cruel smile hidden under his balaclava. He found the look of horror on his victim's face immensely satisfying and decided to leave him alone for the time being.

Robbie was taking a crash course in fear and suffering. He had already understood that, like intelligence and love, they come in varying degrees. The boss, or leader, or whoever, and the thin one with military boots were ok. They treated him with disdain, as if he didn't really exist, they were rough and insensitive, but they avoided all personal contact. To them Robbie seemed to be no more than a character in a video game. They were menacing, no nonsense types but somehow their business like manner made Robbie feel he knew what was coming next, and therefore less afraid. 

The hairy one, the big, burly one was weird. He sat on a chair and stared at Robbie for ages, his eyes flitting around the room, toying with his knife. Wa he going to kill him or release him? Neither. He just rolled it over and over in his hand. Odd. 

But it was the shortest one he feared most, the one with pale lashes and icy blue eyes. He was evil, he was a torturer, he was the one who racked it all up to its maximum. He appeared to enjoy striking unexpected blows, or making him kneel for hours on the cold concrete floor, or not letting him go to the toilet then flying into a rage when he wet himself again. He spat in the drinks and coughed all over the food. Luckily he wasn't there as much as the others, but his stints were by far the worse. 

A helicopter was heard in the distance, and footsteps mix with muffled voices outside the warehouse. A machine started up, as it did most days, and he thought he could even make out the sound of music, a radio probably, but he couldn't be sure. He wanted to cry, to sleep, to shower, to see his Mum and Dad and sister and friends and all of them again, please It was a nightmare, an endless exhausting nightmare, and he longed so much to wake up. 

Another victim rolled of the production line....



….as a long, grey car, with visible scratches running from bonnet to boot, pulled up outside the Morton's home in Burton's Badlands. A suited, pot-bellied man with a goatee beard emerged, rounded the car and opened the passenger door. A woman appeared, dressed as if she were about to give a speech at the vicarage tea party. They simultaneously smoothed themselves down and re-placed their hairdos. A hippy, or drop-out of sorts scrambled out onto the pavement, did a few yoga like stretches, and fell into line behind the couple.

Miss Catherine Prior, alone at home, watched them from an upstairs window. She did not recognise them. (That had been Daphne's brainwave – leave Carlton back at home).    Who could they be? What could they possibly want? Were they campaigning, or selling something? If so, why the misfit? The police? Undercover agents? Unlikely, she thought, in a car like that, but you never know. She decided not to answer the door, let them knock to their heart's content, there is no-one home. They would soon tire and move on. She was about to take a step back from the window when Daphne spotted her, full in the eyes. She reeled back in panic. What could she do now? Wait for them to go away? But they now knew she was there, hiding upstairs. It was too suspicious. It would make them think something was amiss and they would come back with a search warrant or something. Perhaps it was best to talk to them, see what they wanted, play cool and calm and send them away as if nothing had happened. They probably just wanted her opinion on soap powders anyway. In her mind she saw poor Robbie shivering on his scruffy mattress. She would say nothing, she would be vague and distant, unhelpful. 

Ron pressed the bell, but heard no electronic melody. Typical. So he rapped on the door, hoping to find a half way house somewhere between the polite knock of Mormons and the insistent battering of bailiffs. He pulled himself up to his full height and adopted his best politician's stance, unsure what to expect, as he had been warned of Mrs. Morton and her brusque manner. He felt up to the challenge. She did not know who she was dealing with. He had a few tricks to put people like that in their place. He would say, 'now look here my good woman', or 'I feel it only fair to warn you that..'. Some legal jargon would often help to tip the balance, too. 

At a nod from Daphne he insisted. There was an expectant moment as they tried to interpret the tiny sounds that came from inside the house, then a thin woman dressed in jeans and a large jumper opened the door.

Ron was about to speak when Daphne held him back. This was not the defiant, strong, healthy woman Mr. Wallace had described. This woman had a defeated air about her, a reluctance, a lethargy bordering on apathy. Just look at her hair, so clumsily pulled back off her face with those cheap plastic grips. Or those clothes, designed to hide her body as if there were something she was deeply ashamed of. Lifeless, drab, no make up, no frills. Even her humble brown slippers did their best to go unnoticed. 


‘Miss Prior?’ 

‘Yes?’

‘Let me introduce myself. Mrs. Daphne Kavanagh. My husband, Ronald Kavanagh, and his brother, Paul, who perhaps you recognise?’

Stunned silence, not only on Catherine's part, but also on Ron and Ken's. 

‘May we? We won't take up much of your time, it's just that we believe you may be able to help us.’

And she took advantage of her hostess's state of shock by pushing past her and making her way into the hall. Once inside she gestured to her husband via eyebrow movements she had trained him to interpret over the years. Come on, we're in luck, it's that Prior woman herself. Get in here before it's too late and bring that half-wit of a brother of yours, too. Quick.

Ron barged past Catherine, half dragging Paul by the sleeve, and the two brothers instinctively took up position behind Daphne in the hallway. Let the ladies sort it out, they seemed to know what was going on.

On paper this was an historical moment. At long last this elusive woman, the Curse of the Kavanaghs, stood before them. Eighteen years of mystery and suffering on all sides, eighteen years of supposition and consequence. A generation of ignorance. Here was a chance to recoup those lost years, to find a common denominator, to clear up misunderstandings, to make amends, apologise. Call it what you will, catharsis, watershed, a weight off one's chest, the choice of vocabulary was insignificant. Reconciliation, perhaps even Truth, was at hand. At last, at long last. 

On paper. Meanwhile, back in Burton, back at number thirty seven Tannery Lane, in the wallpapered hall, the four protagonists eyed each other warily. There was a smell of furniture polish mixed in with something cooking, potatoes probably, and a clock ticked loudly just behind them. Ron could see perfectly from over his wife's shoulder, but Paul had to keep twisting and straining his neck to get a glimpse of his raison d'etre. The space was cramped, but Catherine did not invite them into the lounge.

Miss Prior was outnumbered. She looked at the clock on the wall and realised that Trudy would not be home for at least an hour. It was unlikely that Chris would be back much before lunch either. She was alone. So she climbed back into her shell and waited.

Daphne however had fully realised that she was in command. Backed up, literally, by her eloquent, learned husband she knew she was in control. Paul, she assumed, was also on her side, albeit theoretically. The door to the street was still open, they were miraculously alone with this woman, Robbie was in extreme danger - let us take advantage of this gift, let us not linger.

‘Miss Prior. I'll be blunt. We have reached a dead end and we are at our wits end.’

She quickly threw a glance at Ronald. I know, badly put, but it doesn't matter now, does it?

Catherine did not respond. She was not sure if she trusted these people, if she should have opened the door to them. This was the enemy according to Chris and Trudy, and there was a good chance they were right. Not officially maybe, but...  The woman had a hard face and beady eyes that cut right into you. Her husband, hiding behind her, must be the one who had fallen from grace. That made the other one the freak who.....

‘We are not sure, but we hope that you can help us, tell us something, anything, that may help us, lead us to, to....’

It was unusual to find Daphne so clumsy with her speech. Perhaps she was not as confident of her command of the situation after all. She shook her head and started again.


‘Our nephew, Robbie, you must know, it's in all the papers. Well, we don't know who to turn to, honestly. Maybe it sounds absurd, maybe, maybe, but well we just thought. Oh, I don't know, we just hoped maybe you could, tell us something that might just lead us to find the poor child. I don't know why.’

Which was true. Now that she had Miss Catherine Prior before her very eyes, now that she had the chance to ask her direct questions, she wondered why she had ever thought this woman could help. Naturally she was part of the puzzle, but how could she possibly know what had happened to the boy? It would have made more sense to ask her about the rape, but that was now neither here nor there. 

Miss Prior was now convinced she could not trust these types who had forced their way into her home and basically accused her of participating in the abduction of a minor. The sheer cheek was outrageous, even if there was an element of truth in it. She had to protect her family. What they were doing was wrong, she knew that, and she could understand these people's anguish over the poor boy, but her family's intentions were noble, they were, after all, only doing it for her sake. She had practised silence over the years and knew how to play the damaged soul. Her lips were sealed.

Ron stepped in.

‘Look. I know you probably have been led to believe certain untruths over the years, and I can understand how much of a shock all this must be to you. Certainly events have veered out of control over the last few months. So firstly let me say how much I sympathise with you for your terrible suffering, and if I have unwittingly contributed to that in anyway I offer my most sincere apologies.’

Daphne was kicking him from behind but he was determined to have a go, after all it couldn't be any worse than his wife's clumsy attempt, could it?

‘That said we need to know if you feel that Robbie's, our nephew's, kidnapping is in any way tied up with, with..... past events. Maybe someone seeking some kind of revenge?’

A revelation. He was surprised at this, as he had only said it because the sentence seemed to push him in that direction. It was not a theory he had discussed previously at all, it had never occurred to him before, it was pure inspiration. But the flash of movement on Miss Catherine Prior's face made him wonder if he hadn't inadvertently stumbled across a piece of the truth.

Daphne had spotted it too. Did this woman know something after all? Was her silence protecting someone, perhaps? She was about to begin a cross examination when Paul pushed his way to the front.

He had been waiting for a lull in the conversation, but Ron and Daphne did not understand the effect of a pause, and this was an opportunity he could not let pass. For many months now he had been plagued by the idea that he should have sought personal retribution from this woman, that if he had contacted her, in person, one on one, if he had been able to put across to her his point of view, his deep and sincere sympathy, his willingness to make up for what his father had done not only to her, but to universal womanhood, then..... Or something along those lines. What if the President of the United States of America humbly apologised for fabricating evidence as a pretext for invasion? Or if the Pope begged forgiveness for all those corrupted choir boys? Would it have helped if, instead of using self castration as a symbol, he had given her the sheepshears? He wrung his hands and half shouted,

‘It is all my fault. I should have sought you out earlier, I should have come to you and offered myself up. Only you can forgive the sins committed. Mine was an act of...’

Catherine had backed off in horror. Who was this man and what the hell was he rambling on about? Ron to the rescue.

‘Stop it! Leave it to us, for Christ's sake, you're scaring the bloody wits out of the poor woman. God help us. Just shut up and leave it to us. Sorry.’

‘We are all a bit nervous, I'm afraid,’

justified Daphne. They both pushed Paul behind them again. What an idiot. They had hit the jackpot and were about to crack the case when....... Leave it to us, for heaven's sake. Councillor Kavanagh, please.

‘Yes, well I've had enough pussy footing about the bush. What do you know? Come on, if you know something, anything, let us know. He's just a child, for heaven's sake, just a poor little child and they're going to kill him.’

‘If I could only make amends....’

‘Just shut up. Well, come on I know you know something, you can't stay silent all your life, you know. And let me tell you my good woman that withholding evidence is against the law. The penalties for doing so are very severe.’

‘I'm not sure that browbeating her is going to...’

‘Leave this to me, dear. She knows something, we can both see that. This is serious business, it's about murder and abduction, and if this woman knows something, anything at all, then she should start by telling us. If not, then I'm sure the police would love to pay her a visit, eh? And you just stay put and keep quiet, ok?’

Impasse, stalemate, a stand off, call it what you will, they all froze frame waiting for someone to give, to make the first move, to break the silence.........



…............. as a red Ford Focus drove past unnoticed. In the passenger seat Danny recognised Ron's car with its tell tale scratches, and informed his Dad. They could see Catherine's back through the open door, and she was not alone. The Kavanaghs! Chris's initial impulse was to ram on the brakes and rush to her rescue, kill a couple of the bastards, take them down with him. But reality and caution urged him to keep driving.

This time they were not going to get their long sought after revenge. Reluctantly he recognised defeat. He had read the latest news, all that rot about neo Nazis, and if the Kavanaghs had already dug them out, it would not be long before the place was swarming with cops. 

‘Where's Tommy?’

‘At school.’

‘Are you one hundred percent sure? He's not out with Bobby?’

‘No, he's at school. Anyway he's got his control today so he'll have to stay on.. I'm on next, two o'clock.’

The contingency plan, then. They felt sorry for Bobby, but it was the only way to throw the police off the scent. There was a sense of defeat, of missed opportunity. It was a tragedy, they had lost the battle this time just when they had been so close, but it was futile to fight against fact, their vengeance would have to wait. They drove on past the house and out of Tannery Lane. 

Mr. Morton pulled up at a public phone booth and dialled the help line number which was in every shop window.

‘Listen to me carefully, I am only going to say this once.’



1


Down by the river, along the overflow canal which slips under bridges and slides over weirs on its way out of town, a piece of thick, transparent wrapping plastic was snared on a wire fence. Battered and dulled by the weather it flagged desperately in the wind trying to catch our attention. It had a story to tell if only someone would listen. But nobody did. There was no chance witness in a passing car, no Mr. Murray the milkman, no horribly surprised cyclist. 

If it were not for the time element the perfect crime would not exist. We all leave our mark. But the evidence must be collected, like mushrooms, at dawn, or it will vanish under the bright light of day. Tyre tracks will be lost in the rain, cigarette butts, like ugly flowers, will burst open then disintegrate into the soil.  Eventually time will wipe the scene clean; moor hens will continue to breed in the rushes, children will return to play along the footpath, the river will flow on regardless. What really happened will dissolve into the past, vital clues will turn to dust, and History will be nothing more than conjecture.

So it is possible that nobody will ever know that Mr. Sam Kavanagh had never laid eyes on Miss Catherine Prior, let alone raped her. He had learnt there was an easier, safer, less traumatic way to force a woman – money. As he so bluntly put it, there are always plenty of them that want to go from rags to bitches. He had been an assiduous client of various whore houses in and around Burton, most of them curiously baptised with extraterrestrial names -  Paradise, Big Bang, The Black Hole. They were often lurid, tacky places, despite the gilt and gloss, very business like and to the point. Which was what he had been searching for; a no strings attached, now you see me now you don't job well done.

Until he had listened to Maika's tale. 

Maika worked at The Black Hole, which was basically a warehouse swathed in neon and cheap red upholstery, with the bar area taking up the ground floor, and a number of 'offices' on the first floor. It stood in the middle of an industrial estate on the outskirts of Burton, but because of its youthful staff, its well-tended car park and professional looking security guards it was considered to be one of the finest brothels in the area.  

Maika said she was from Bulgaria, that she was a dancer, a very good dancer, with classical training. She told him she had been hoodwinked, that she had been led to believe she was going to form part of a ballet troupe that would perform in important venues across the nation. Instead she had been raped, beaten, her passport taken, her family threatened. Her pimps said she had run up a huge debt with them, a debt that was always on the increase as they now charged her board and lodgings. If only she could earn a little money without her jailers knowing, but she was trapped, she was a sex slave, she was alone and had no-one to turn to. Except big Sam. Big Sam and his big heart. 

But Maika was not the name that appeared in her passport, she had picked it up from a brand name she had seen on a coffee machine. It was her artistic name. She had arrived  with her pimp lover from the Ukraine, and the idea of her unfortunately feasible tale of woe was to milk a little extra payment from unwitting clients by appealing to their compassion. She knew which ones she could rely on to leave her a little unofficial extra cash - the gullible ones like Sam Kavanagh. 

Her bosses knew of her false accusations, but as all their sex workers were legally presentable, they had no real qualms about her yarn spinning, as long as they got a cut. Anyway, they concluded, it was not such a bad thing that their customers suspect them of mafia tactics, it created an aura of menace that helped keep the young stallions on a short rein. It was also comforting that a great deal of Burton's elite were amongst their clientèle, so a midnight raid was out of the question.

Although Sam had swallowed Maika's tale, he was not one for crusades, and had no intention of going to the police or standing up for her against her bosses. Mainly because he had no respect for any of them, they were merely a bunch of unscrupulous whores and pimps, foreigners mostly, and in reality he couldn't care less one way or the other what they did to each other or why. However, he had started to feel a certain amount of animosity towards the owners and their sadistic methods, especially after half a dozen pints.

Like one fateful night, the eleventh of October, as Miss Prior enjoyed herself at a house party not far from a piece of wasteland outside Mercury Carriers Ltd.  Too drunk to require Maika's attentions, he started to rant at Luis, a body building Portuguese bouncer, mixing accusations with insults. Dead pan Dmitri tried to intervene, but was met with a barrage of expletives and a lunge. This undesirable person would have to be removed from the premises. Sam's resistance was a little more than they had at first imagined, and they were forced to take him into a back room where they could make him see reason away from the gaze, or rather glaze, of the other punters. As Quigley's dossier had so correctly pointed out, Sam was not an easy man to subdue, and Luis and Dmitri had to break into a sweat before they eventually downed him by administering an expert blow to the head with a baseball bat. Sam slumped to the floor and never moved again. 

Manslaughter is not good for business, and after a hasty consultation it was agreed that the corpse be disposed of. Luis and Dmitri would have to clean up their own mess. They wrapped Sam in a large piece of plastic they found in the store room and with difficulty hoisted him into the boot of a car. Dmitri's car because the boot was larger, as was Luis.
They would also need some bricks, which they would pick up from a build on the way, some rope, and a large sack, a very large sack, which proved impossible to find at such short notice. 

Sam's lifeless body was unceremoniously dumped on the tow path, where part of the plastic sheet, by now torn in various places, ran off on the wind to call for help. There was enough forensic evidence caught on that wire fence, enough blood, sweat, and fingerprints to tidy up the case in record time, but unknown to Luis and Dmitri, events on the other side of town would divert attention and help cover their tracks. The cadaver was tied and weighted, then rolled into the deepest part of the canal. 

One day, perhaps, his remains would eventually be discovered during a dredging operation. But by then it would be too late, for everyone. 


Then who raped Miss Prior and unleashed all the hate? You turn to the author,
who is ubiquitous and omniscient, like god. But even god holds his cards to his chest. So you are left to be the judge of things you neither witnessed nor understood.

5.....


At the extreme end of the upper level of the shopping mall, close to the access to the car parks, an enclosure had been built for children. The theme was The Jungle, and the elaborate cages were decorated with plastic stickers of cheeky monkeys and smiling giraffes. At a price, the kids could deposit their shoes at the entrance, then work themselves into a frenzy while their parents watched on, safe in the knowledge that their offspring, flushed and sweating, would eventually find their way back to civilization. 

Robbie handed over his trainers as Kenneth Kavanagh, cleared of all charges, took his wife's hand. He had been freed, reinstated and offered the government's most sincere apologies. Bobby Hornsby had been caught unawares after Chris Morton's tip off, the hideout had been surrounded and Robbie had been released relatively unharmed. It had not been difficult to establish that the famous bone handled knife was the same one used to kill Mr. Swan, the same one used to threaten Jill, especially as he pleaded guilty to all charges. True to his word, he had refused to cooperate – he was not a grass. The police had tried to trick him by telling him that the Mortons had split on him, had sold him down the river, but he wasn't falling for that. And try as they might, the police were unable to get a conviction for anyone other than Bobby, who proudly accepted all responsibility. Chris, Danny and Tommy, though repeatedly interrogated, denied all charges and were eventually released through lack of evidence. 

It was too early to say what long term effect all this would have on Robbie, his mind was still young and malleable, he had reached no conclusions, and unlike adults his opinions had not yet been cast in bronze. Would he, like Catherine, always remain a victim, or would he, like so many before him, eventually grow into an executioner? He lay on his back in the kids' adventure park, surrounded by hundreds of coloured plastic balls. Outside he could see his Mum and Dad, and Susie, who had unconvincingly stated that she was now too gown up for such trivialities. The other children had moved on to the next section, a mini football pitch, and for the time being he was totally alone.

He tried to calculate the movement of the balls. If he moved a leg or shifted, no matter how slightly, he provoked a multi-coloured cascade which would form new patterns impossible to predict. He held his breath and stayed as quiet as possible, trying his hardest not to move so that everything would remain exactly as it was. But it was impossible. His very breathing set the balls in motion.


