The Drowned Sailor
by Benjamin Parsons
Copyright 2012 Benjamin Parsons
Smashwords edition, license notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
* * *
I
The best comedies always end with weddings, but it does not follow (I hope) that the worst always begin with them, because this must, as I am at a loss how to start it anywhere else. The scene was the Westcountry of England, and the date, twenty-first of March: all was overcast above, and bright and green below— a happy setting for a wedding.
It was the eve of the special day, the last of the engagement, and the anxious fiancés were embowered together in blissful contemplation of the marital pleasures to come— that is, they were quarrelling. Well, you must know that lovers often love to hate and hate to love, and so it was with this couple: Clare Belmont sat by the window overlooking the slate-sea, red-cheeked and vexed with crying, and waiting for him to notice; while James Trevick stood on the other side of the room, arms folded, sulking magnificently.
This Trevick was handsome like thunder and lightning: stern and glowering even on his best days, with stormy brows, a curling lip and eyes quick to dart fire. His hair, black as rain clouds, was ruffled as though by tempests, and such a head, atop a mighty frame too, was aptly suited to petulant tempers and moody silences— he was the king of them, and could bring them to bear in any lover’s dispute with fatal power.
In the face of such onslaughts, Clare must fall back on her own best artillery, namely, hysterical tears. She had no patience with brooding and silences, and must always give vent to her feelings. She was an orphan, but as a darling beauty adorned with auburn ringlets, had been indulged and spoiled from the cradle by all manner of compassionate relatives, so the withholding of affection or attention would invariably invoke a sobbing tantrum until she could attain her own way. She was not tyrannical, however, and rarely used her peevish power simply to keep her friends and family dancing attendance; in fact, she was usually as placid and easily led as a child when people were kind to her. But in these instances of apparent neglect, the foot would stamp, the tears spring up, the voice rise an octave and the curls tremble like a medusa’s— all symptoms particularly irksome to Trevick— so they were perfectly attuned to infuriate each other.
Upon this happy couple happened Ravella, cheerful friend of the bride-to-be. Her appearance prompted an immediate appeal from Clare.
‘Ravella!’ she cried, starting up. ‘I can’t bear it another second! I can’t bear him— he doesn’t love me, he doesn’t care if I live or die! Why should I marry a man like that? What am I going to do? What am I going to do?’ —at which he snorted, she sobbed anew, and Ravella asked in some surprise what the matter was? 
‘Oh! Well!’ exclaimed her friend then, ‘I suppose he would say there’s nothing the matter, only that I’ve been crying my eyes out and breaking my heart this quarter of an hour— I feel sick with it, but he hasn’t so much as looked at me, even asked me what’s wrong— and he’s supposed to love me! Love! Is that love, Ravella?’
Ravella glanced at the gloomy monument in the corner, who was tapping his foot impatiently, and ventured to say that it was anybody’s guess what love was, in the end.
‘Well it’s not what I call love!’ returned the unhappy lady. ‘Freezing me out, turning his back, drumming his fingers while I’m sobbing aloud for anybody to hear! I don’t know how he can stand by, and not care— I couldn’t do it —no-one with a heart could!’
‘Perhaps his heart’s stopped, and he’s died, just standing there?’ suggested Ravella. 
Clare concurred that he might as well be dead for all she knew, and in her frustration snatched up a coaster from the windowsill and threw it at her fiancé. The missile bounced off his shoulder to no effect, save deepening his frown. 
‘It seems he has passed on after all, as we feared,’ said Ravella. ‘Well, it’s best I begin the post-mortem at once. First and foremost, the cause of death, and that’s clear: you’ve killed him yourself.’
‘Me!’ Clare gasped.
Ravella nodded. ‘You don’t think he’s done it on a whim, do you? He’s obviously died of happiness, and you’re the cause.’
‘Happiness! He’d better not be happy, I’ve been telling him off all morning.’ 
‘Ah, now we come at it,’ said Ravella. ‘Why have you been scolding him?’
‘For making me miserable! He makes me so angry, Ravella, he drives me mad!’
‘In what way?’
‘He’s so— so close, so secretive! He won’t tell me things, what he’s thinking, or feeling. He keeps it all hidden, and I can’t stand it!’
‘What does it matter what he thinks? How he acts is your concern. Doesn’t he act like he loves you?’
‘Yes, but he’s so deep and mysterious,’ she complained. ‘He’s keeping a secret from me, even now. He’s been keeping it for ages, and won’t open up, even though he can see how unhappy it makes me.’
‘How do you know he’s keeping anything from you?’ was the next question. 
The injured one glared at her future spouse and replied: ‘You know how you know? Well, I know.’
Ravella raised an eyebrow, but nodded wisely. Then she smiled, took her friend’s hand consolingly, and regarded Trevick. ‘Clare, the great attraction of men like Lord Byron over there is his depth, his mystery. You need his secrets, his passions to be delved, as you well know— so you must endure them! After all, they’ve drawn you in like bait, and now you’re hooked, and want him more than ever. Well, isn’t it true?’
‘If only he’d say that he cares about me at all, I wouldn’t be so angry with him,’ protested Clare.
‘No,’ said Ravella, ‘but if he told you he adores you every day, you wouldn’t be half so passionate to know it, either. I believe men have their ploys, as well as women, and this is his. After all, choppy seas are generally placid underneath.’
‘Very interesting! But I don’t want your opinion, Ravella!’ said Trevick suddenly, finally out of patience.
‘Oho!’ laughed Ravella. ‘You see, Clare? I’ve plumbed the depths at once, and knocked my head on the bottom. But you must confess, Byron, that there’s no secret worth keeping?’
Trevick paced over to the door, and made to part with: ‘If there is, it’s not for you to know,’ —but Clare dashed over and caught his sleeve. 
‘And not for me to know either, James? How can you keep anything from me?’
He sighed, and looked at his fiancée earnestly. ‘We’ll be married tomorrow, Clare, and there will be no secrets then. But for now, just leave me be.’ 
He made to go again, and she clung to him wretchedly.
‘You don’t love me anymore, isn’t that it, James? You don’t want me! Why won’t you just say it?’
At this he took her by the shoulders, mid-way between a shake and an embrace. ‘I’m going to marry you, Clare— I’m going to marry you! Of course it’s you I want!’ — whereupon she decided the matter, and embraced him.
Ravella smiled to herself, sat down primly on the chair lately vacated by Clare, and murmured: ‘I know your secret, Byron.’
Trevick wheeled about with sudden vehemence. ‘Do you now? You can read my mind, I suppose! What are you, a fairy, or a witch?’
‘What is the secret, Ravella?’ implored Clare, pouting. ‘If you know it, tell me!’
Ravella looked downcast. ‘Mr. Trevick hates me, Clare.’
‘Why?’ she demanded of him, in immediate defence of her friend.
‘I don’t hate her,’ he countered irritably.
‘Oh yes, I remember,’ said Ravella quietly.
‘I don’t deserve to be teased and tormented!’ cried Clare. ‘Ravella, what does it all mean?’
Trevick cut in: ‘It means nothing! I’ve had enough of your mischief, Ravella!’
‘It means,’ replied Ravella, ‘nothing indeed. Byron here is in a pet because I laughed at him, and his pride can’t bear it. We don’t get on at the best of times, and I daresay his secret involves his feelings for me, and how they might distress you.’
Clare turned back to him. ‘Oh James, is this it? I wish you two would be friends, and save me from all this grief. How can you not love Ravella?’
‘How can he help it?’ answered she. ‘I’m an incorrigible rogue, with very few redeeming qualities, and all the vices— I drink, gamble, smoke and am a fairy and a witch! He must adore me.’
She smiled, he frowned, and Clare reached to take their hands, to join them amicably together; but Ravella dodged this and joined the couple’s hands instead. 
‘It was your argument to start with,’ she reminded them, ‘so you must have the reconciliation. Besides, it’ll be practice for tomorrow.’
But this happy conclusion was blighted when Trevick seemed to catch a gleam in Ravella’s eye, and he snatched his hand away, told her angrily he would manage well enough without her, took up his lover and kissed her firmly. That pleased Clare well enough, and dispelled all her doubts and pre-nuptial anxieties for the moment in one embrace. Meanwhile Ravella smiled and slipped away.
This was the curious opening scene just prior to my arrival. James Trevick was an old acquaintance of mine, and had been kind enough (or felt obliged enough) to invite me to his wedding, so I came down late in the day to stop overnight for the next morning’s ceremony. I drove through the rain, and it looked very grim still as I came to the coast, dark early with low heavy clouds; I concluded we must have further showers by evening, though presently it held off. 
Trevick’s house stands at a little distance from the village, Hurlevor, which sits in a small cove and feigns a living from fishing, for appearances’ sake, while ice creams, holiday lets and water sports supply the deficit. As I came through the village past the quay I saw that the guesthouse fronting it had no vacancies, and out of season it must be because of my friend’s wedding party; in fact I saw one of them moping about in the shingle under the trees, a mawkish looking fellow.
But that is by the bye; I headed up and further along the headland towards the house. Hurlevor Point is situated on a short ridge overlooking the water and the rocks standing out at intervals into the Atlantic. There is no steep cliff, and the chimneys rise fairly on the brink where the land crumbles into the ocean. This is an exposed location, you may be sure, to the ravages of gale and salt; but it was not always so, it seems. I have been told there was once a garden and a meadow between the house and the shore, where now lie only rubble and straggling seaweed, nobody supposing at the time of building that so much ground should ever be lost. This was a silly miscalculation, however, for it is well known that on clear days, when the tide is out, the foundations of an even earlier house can be discerned on the seabed, at a little distance offshore, which ought to have served as a guide to the ocean’s acquisitive influence.
I drove up as Ravella stepped through the front door, casting a wary eye at the weather. I was surprised to see her there, since I knew her connection with Trevick, but I was glad nevertheless to find a familiar face, and especially one who might be amusing— weddings can be numbingly dull without good company. We met very cheerily, and she told me that she had come out to escape love’s young dream.
‘Oh, are they very happy, then?’ I asked her. 
She looked at me rather wryly and replied: ‘Do you know them? Well, I suppose it’s happy after their own fashion.’
‘I did wonder how their tempers would match together,’ I said, ‘but since they’re to tie the knot tomorrow, we must suppose it’s love.’
‘That kind of love is like sparks from a grindstone,’ she replied, ‘all fire and noise.’
‘They certainly will be a lively couple,’ I suggested.
She suggested in turn that lively was not the word, and laughed brightly. ‘Of course I hope they’ll be happy,’ she continued, ‘but I can’t help feeling that people like James and Clare should have no business falling in love with each other in the first place. They’re both too apt to take to extremes: she will lament, he will despair, oh, it’s the end of the world every other half-hour, and sweet as syrup in between. Still, it all goes under the name of “love” and makes fine comedy for the rest of us.’
‘But Ravella,’ I said, as we ambled, arm-in-arm, around the house wall to look at the seashore, ‘you were married yourself once, I think? Were you any different before your wedding day?’
‘Me!’ she cried. ‘We bickered at the altar! When the vicar asked after any impediment, we were told to take turns.’
‘Yes, but you were just as much in love, all the same?’
‘We were,’ she said, and gazed sadly over the sea.
‘I’m a little surprised to meet you here, actually. You and James— do not always see eye to eye.’
She laughed. ‘You mean he hates the sight of me! We see eye to eye alright, but only so we may scratch each other’s out!’ 
I said it was a shame he could not be more friendly towards his fiancée’s friend, but she tutted. 
‘It doesn’t matter, I don’t mind it. I suppose he has his reasons for disliking me, and I would rather be resented than warrant no opinion at all.’
‘But don’t you resent it yourself?’
‘What? James’s disfavour? Why should I care about that? It’s all a joke as far as I’m concerned. Bearing his mysterious grudge must do him more hurt than me.’
I conjectured aloud that Trevick might have something of a morose temper, or he would voice his dispute openly, and make towards sorting it out.
‘I suppose so,’ she answered, and seemed to muse a while on some amusing idea, before adding lightly: ‘It’s no use hating anyone, unless you can do them some real harm.’
The grey sea grinding moodily against the pebbles made for a dreary view, and now the first spots of rain began to dot the stonework on the front of the house, so I decided that I had delayed too long in announcing my arrival.
‘We’d better go in before it comes on any heavier,’ I said, and she asked me the time, which, when I told it, quickened her pace.
‘I can’t dawdle,’ she said, ‘I must get back.’
‘Back? Oh, so you aren’t staying up here at the Point tonight?’
‘Goodness, no!’ she exclaimed in mock-horror. ‘Do you think James Trevick would suffer me under his roof? I’m staying at the guesthouse in Hurlevor, and so, for this unlucky night, is Clare.’
We scampered under the porch and went inside. 
‘Oh dear,’ I said, ‘do you suppose he’ll suffer me under his roof then? Between ourselves, I’m anxious not to put James to any trouble. He’s such an intimidating person sometimes. But I’m afraid Hurlevor is full up tonight.’
‘You’re under his roof now, and it hasn’t caused any trouble so far.’ —with which we sought out the happy couple, to assay my host.
First, however, we came upon Clare, who immediately began her grievances with an ‘Oh Ravella!’ and a forlorn look, which was very becoming to her.
Ravella returned: ‘Well well, are you still at war?’
‘I’m not,’ she replied. ‘I have made up my mind to forgive and forget the quarrel —oh, hello there,’ (this to me, with a nod) ‘—I don’t want to be arguing today, of all days. But now he won’t let me kiss him or hang about him, and says I’ve pestered him into a bad mood. And for all my efforts I can’t pester him out of it again!’
Ravella glanced sideways at me. ‘But you were the best of friends when I left you, Clare.’
She sighed in answer, and said: ‘Yes, but he’s turned again.’
‘I didn’t think Trevick’s moods were so inconstant,’ I ventured.
‘Oh, as to that,’ said Ravella, ‘he is constant: constantly changeable.’
‘But Ravella,’ said Clare, ‘what shall I do about him?’
Ravella spread her hands wide and shrugged. ‘It seems to me he has a lifetime of “pestering” to look forward to, and you a lifetime of irritability.’
Clare bit her lip. ‘Do you think he has real misgivings about the wedding? I’ve been as sweet and kind to him as I can be.’
‘There you are then. Of course he’s uncertain what to think, if you’re kind. He’s grown used to the reverse.’
‘Oh, don’t make a joke out of it!’ protested the bride-to-be. ‘I wish I knew that he loves me.’ She fell to nervously tearing up an old theatre ticket into smaller and smaller pieces. 
Ravella snatched away her work and scattered the fragments. ‘You should have made sure of that before you decided to marry him, Clare. But I’m sure love isn’t at issue here. James has a closed character, and yours is open, so you don’t understand him, that’s all.’
‘Do you understand him, Ravella?’ she asked plaintively.
‘It’s not my business to understand anybody,’ was the reply. ‘But I suspect that what he hides is hidden by habit, not secrecy. When he’s in his reveries, and won’t have you kiss him once, kiss him twice. And when he tells you to leave that out, tell him he must kiss you back if you’re to stop. He’ll tell you to give up your nonsense, and you can say that you will, if he’ll give up his— and by these means you’ll teach him that it’s easier to keep his mysteries to himself, and not indulge them when you’re around.’
‘One of us will be driven mad!’
‘Then make sure it’s him.’
I noted Ravella’s knack of talking off her friend’s qualms without supplying anything substantial in their place. Just then, though, Trevick came in, I suppose unaware of Ravella and myself, for he seemed about to form some reconciliatory words when he discovered us. He greeted me with a kind of careless courtesy, but to Ravella he was curt and said directly: ‘Put that Ravella out—.’ as soon as he saw her.
This turned his fiancée upon him, however, and she berated him for being so discourteous. ‘I hoped you’d calmed down, but I see you’re determined to be unpleasant,’ she concluded.
‘I always try to be pleasant to my friends,’ he said, offering me a chair and something to drink, which I was pleased to take.
‘And my friends mean nothing!’ cried she, intercepting my refreshment. ‘I wouldn’t dream of being so rude to somebody you care about!’
‘Ravella doesn’t feel anything,’ he muttered.
I concluded that they were not about to interrupt an argument for the sake of mere company. People who are unaccustomed to feeling embarrassment themselves are not wont to consider that sensation in others. 
Clare now stood firm before him and required to know immediately what his objection was to her friend. She would not stand by and hear Ravella insulted. He showed himself a little humbled then, and spoke quietly and earnestly, glancing darkly at his foe all the while.
‘In my opinion,’ he said, ‘she’s not so kind to you as she appears to be, Clare.’
‘I care very little for opinions in general,’ said Ravella blithely, ‘and yours in particular, Mr. Trevick.’ 
He smarted at that, but bit his tongue, out of consideration, I suppose, for his lover’s feelings. She, however, was not satisfied, and pressed the matter further, prompting Trevick to withdraw behind a stony reserve.
Ravella stepped to Clare’s side. ‘Don’t mind us,’ she soothed. ‘We’ve fallen out over who likes you best, and he’s jealous that since I’m so often your companion, you might very well marry me. I tell you I don’t mind it. If I can laugh, you may as well.’
‘But it isn’t funny for me to be caught up between you both,’ said Clare, in a hurt tone. 
Her fiancé cleared his brow and wrapped his great arms about her shoulders. ‘It’s all my nerves, and fears,’ he whispered in her ear. ‘I can’t be easy until I marry you.’
‘But you won’t marry her,’ declared Ravella, drawing Clare from his embrace by the arm, to his scowling chagrin. ‘Unless she sleeps alone tonight,’ she added. ‘And since it’s coming on for dark now, we must get away.’
Trevick began to grow angry again at this, but Clare, calmed by his assurances, assured him in turn. ‘Now, James, you know it’s all arranged that I stay in Hurlevor. It’s tradition, and I won’t break it.’
He turned a gloomy eye to me, and replied: ‘Well, but let me drive you down, at least. The rain’s started.’
‘No no, we’ll dash it in no time,’ said Ravella, ‘and remember, if you drive her, you must drive me.’ —and that silenced his objections.
One drawn-out kiss was the lovers’ parting, and a word that when they kissed again, it would be as man and wife, before Ravella hurried the expectant bride away. We watched them from the front window slip through the dusk towards the cover of the trees along the cliff path, battling an umbrella against the rising wind and the first shower.
Left with Trevick, I soon discovered that he had no inclination for festivities, and though I was granted his hospitality for the night, our revels did not extend beyond recollections by the fire, deep into the evening, while a storm summoned up outside and beat over the house. The wind moaned, the rain rattled and the sea roared and seethed.
I found out from my companion that the wedding had been arranged very lately; indeed, it had all been a somewhat hasty business. I remarked on the absence of his family and hers, and asked when they would be arriving. He told me that he was the last of the Trevick line, and had no close family; some of their friends, and Clare’s relations, would drive down tomorrow. It was to be a simple, quiet affair, without bother or a seething multitude. 
We talked long and late, as I say, and Trevick proved himself very eloquent in conversation at last; but there was something melancholy about him throughout, and whenever he smiled or laughed, some secret recollection checked him. On the eve of such an important day, however, he might reasonably be haunted by doubts. In the firelight (it was an old house, with a traditional open grate) I studied his stern profile and handsome jaw, and did not wonder at Clare’s attraction, or her willingness to endure his temper to keep him. Falling into silence, we sat with scotches at our fingertips, listening to the gale sounding hollow in the chimney, and the ticking clock striving against the perpetual breaking of the waves just without.
‘It’s a wild night,’ I observed.
‘Wild,’ he breathed, his thoughts clearly roaming on some distant subject. He looked up dreamily, murmuring: ‘Wild and happy—’ and sighed in contentment. But before I could ask his meaning, he brought himself to his senses sharply, as though stung, stood up, and said goodnight.
I pondered a while, watching the embers and listening to the weather. There was much to hear— the wind battering about the gables and the torrents scattering over the slates were noisy, but the sea, bursting over the rocks and shale in great bellows, was noisiest, being just below— the living rooms had moved up to the first floor of recent years, since those on the ground had become so cold and damp from the proximity of the water. In my lazy mood, fit for the hour, I soon dropped into a nap, during which the waves seemed to flood my mind, and I dreamed of tall, jagged crests of foam rearing up and smashing onto granite crags near-against the back door. I thought I saw and heard the sucking back-draft sinking under sandy shelves, dragging in chairs and furniture from the house, drawing them into the sea with the fish and shells; and it seemed as though every wave clawed out another roomful and all its inhabitants, leaving only a briny shell-house stood on the shore.
As my head began to nod with this fretful doze I started awake to a new sound, which was a persistent clattering. Since it came from outside, I concluded at first that it must be a gate knocking in the wind somewhere; but as it repeated in determined bursts, I thought it sounded very near at hand, on this side of the house, that is, against the sea. Idly I listened, hoping to drop back into a comfortable snooze, but every time it rang out, rat-tat-tat, tat-tat, it set me on edge, and wore at my nerves, until I was quite annoyed with such a sharp racket amidst the tempest’s roar.
Then I was set more than ever alert, for there was a shrieking gust, the knocking hammered, and then, during a sudden lull in the storm, I caught a voice, just a gasp, calling.
I jumped up in surprise, sure I must be mistaken, as nobody could be out in such weather, and certainly not (as the voice seemed to indicate) off the road, on the beach. I strained to hear more, but the storm held full sway, challenged only by this infernal clattering. Then it occurred to me that perhaps the knocking was indeed knocking, as of some poor person wanting to come in. I stepped over to the window to peer out, but in the dark could hardly discern the terrace that fronted the shingle-beach. Nevertheless, my drowsy imagination was hot at work, and explained that this might well be some fisherman who had been cast overboard and swum ashore, now knocking for help. 
I hesitated. Trevick had not stirred, and was doubtless asleep. There was nobody else at home. I resolved to go and answer the door.
So I fumbled down the stairs, not knowing where to find any of the switches, and blundered into the hallway in the dark. The sea and storm were tremendously loud down here, though they were deafening above, and freezing damp draughts whistled through the passage. 
Now more timid of my surmise, I cried out if anybody was there outside? But in the screaming din it was to no avail. Then I started, as the rapping repeated as before, and the rear door juddered in its frame beneath a shower of blows, the cause of the noise.
I hurried forward at that summons and pulled back the bolts: immediately the door slammed wide open and the hurricane rushed in with a quantity of spray. A great bulk fell against me, smothering me in soaking brine, while a deft dripping hand threw the door closed again and shut the bolt.
In the black I could see nothing, but clearly this was some huge man, streaming wet as though he had really walked out of the sea, and he leaned, I suppose for weariness, against the wall, holding me under him, while his breath came in icy pants that set me shuddering. Before I could recover and speak, his clammy hands abruptly gripped me, his cold jaw rasped against my cheek, and his ice-lips murmured next to my ear. I shuddered and winced under those hard hands, and did not hear him at first; but he took a tighter hold and demanded in a deep and moving voice: ‘Is she here?’
I was astonished, and asked: ‘Who do you mean?’ 
His eyes glinted in the dark, and he said again, more fiercely: ‘Is she here?’
I trembled, for there was something dreadful about him, notwithstanding the uncanny situation. He smelt strongly of the ocean, and from our closeness I could feel that he was drenched through and through, and no part of him had any heat. As my eyes grew a little inclined to the obscurity I made out his forehead, with dank locks dredged over the brow, and two dark shadows beneath, where his eyes lurked. I did not like him at all, and sorely wished I had not let him in.
‘Let me up, let go of my arms,’ I protested, but there was no response, and he only peered at me, or past, or through me, I cannot say. ‘Who are you?’ I pressed. ‘What are you doing, roving about on such a night, knocking on doors at all hours? Who are you, what do you want?’
‘Is she here?’ he urged, as though he had not understood me.
‘Who? Who do you want? Why have you come out in all this weather? Who are you? You’re as cold as ice, are you sick?’ I was panicky in my confusion, for he neither shivered nor moved nor released his hold, and I became alarmed, shivering myself, half for his being so chilly, and half for dread of him. I said to him again: ‘Let me go, there’s nobody here for you— no woman, I mean. Do you want Mr. Trevick? Why didn’t you come in the morning? What do you want? What’s the matter with you?’
Then he let out a long, dreadful sigh that shook his whole frame, and released his hands, though he still leaned over me. He bowed his head and murmured: ‘I’ve travelled such a way.’
‘Well you must travel back again, there’s nobody here for you,’ I rounded, and then, as he turned off a hair’s breadth, I slipped out under his arm and darted along the hall in a fright, calling for Trevick at the top of my voice, and not daring to glance behind me lest the unknown man should be on my heels. 
I shot up the stairs to the first floor and began on the flight to the second, when a light appeared above me in the well, and my host’s shadow showed on the wall.
‘Get up, get up!’ I cried out to him. ‘There’s a strange man in the hall, I let him in out of the rain, but he’s not right, there’s something wrong about him, he’s mad—’
‘Whoa, whoa,’ said Trevick, descending in his shirt, and looking as though he had been sleeping badly. ‘Slow down, what do you mean? What man? Why did you let him in?’
‘He’s in the back hallway,’ I urged. ‘Come and show him out— perhaps you know him, and can send him home?’
He shook his head as though to clear it and came down slowly, while I was all nerves and jumped about. Really, my encounter had put me severely out of sorts.
‘Why didn’t you put the light on?’ he asked, as he stamped past me into the hall below. Once there he threw a switch and called out to our visitor. I did not follow him, but lingered at the top of the landing, anxiously.
Trevick’s voice floated up. ‘Well, where is he?’ 
‘Has he gone?’ I said, and tiptoed down also. 
Indeed the hall was empty, save for ourselves. 
‘He must have gone out again,’ I suggested, and he tried the door.
‘Both the locks are shot,’ he said. ‘Nobody’s been out this way.’
‘No, no, I unbolted them to let him in, and he closed one over to fasten the door.’
‘See for yourself,’ said Trevick.
I peered in disconsternation at the locks. ‘Then he must be in the house— he must have come in!’ I glanced about me.
Trevick sighed impatiently and walked through the rooms on the ground floor. They were kept empty, as I say, because of the damp, and they were empty now.
I glanced around again. ‘He’s upstairs,’ I whispered.
‘I only heard you come up,’ he replied, frowning with annoyance. ‘Are you sure you didn’t dream all this?’
‘Dream! I wish I had dreamt it! Take a look, he must have crept after me, he must be hiding.’
‘There was no man. You dreamt him,’ said he finally, and walked upstairs, making a cursory survey of the rooms.
‘But there was, though! Didn’t you hear him banging to come in? It woke me up!’
‘I heard the wind and the sea and your noise, that’s all.’
‘But he was here!’ I cried in an alarm. ‘He was— he spoke to me, he held my arms, I tell you!’
‘Yes, yes, well that’s as may be,’ he told me, ‘but you’ll find it was a nightmare, I think.’ He put his hand to his head. ‘I’ve had a nightmare myself tonight. It’s kept me awake just thinking of it, and now you’re running about too. But I want to be up early, so calm yourself and get to bed.’
‘But that man—’ I gasped feebly.
‘If you see him again, tell him to buy a watch. It’s quarter past three, and no time for visitors. I’m to be married in the morning, I want my sleep.’
And with that he came to the end of his tether, and returned to bed. I nimbly followed him, went into my room and, seeing it was uninhabited, locked the door at once. 
I did not think I would sleep, but crept under the bedclothes quaking for thinking of that sinister stranger. However, the wind keeping me restless, I put my earplugs in, and almost as soon as it was quiet dropped into a thankfully dreamless slumber.
When I awoke in the morning the sun was shining in brightly, and it was clear and blue out of the window. But suddenly starting and grappling for my watch, I saw to my amazement that it was ten o’ clock— the very hour fixed for the wedding. This set me into a panic, as you may imagine, and I hurried in great confusion, hoping to catch at least a part of the ceremony. Due to my earplugs, I would not have heard my host, even if he had tried to rouse me with knocking.
I bolted out of the front door and across the drive towards the cliff-path to Hurlevor, cursing myself all the while for a fool and a lazy, uncivil creature, and framing many excuses and apologies in my head as I ran along under the trees. I was under the impression that walking was the swiftest way to the church, but on gaining the village realised that I had mistaken the route; so I halted my race outside the guesthouse by the quay, and asked directions of a man there, who was busy putting a bag into his car.
He was a very handsome fellow, and seemed to be in a state of excitement. I conjectured that he was also a wedding guest, though it did not bode well that he appeared to be leaving. In answer to my question ‘Which way is the church?’ he looked up in surprise and smiled, saying: ‘What do you want there?’
‘Oh no,’ I said, ‘it can’t be over yet?’ —whereupon he laughed and clapped his hands together.
‘It is, though! All over, thank God! Nicely settled!’
‘Oh, but where is everybody? I mean the happy couple— I must make my apologies and wish them well. I’ll never forgive myself for missing the whole thing!’
‘“The happy couple” have already gone,’ he replied. ‘They drove off straight afterwards— and very happy I hope they’ll be!’ He sounded, however, as though he did not care whether they drove to the devil.
I sat down on a bollard in despair. ‘But it was so quick— too quick, surely?’ I complained. ‘I’d hoped to see them, at least.’
‘Take it from me,’ said this man, ‘it was the best wedding I ever saw. That bloody Trevick is finally out of my way, which makes it a happy day, alright!’
I was a little puzzled. ‘Are you a relative of his?’
‘No!’ he answered haughtily. ‘I’ve got absolutely nothing to do with him— absolutely nothing, at last!’ He laughed again.
‘Are you from the bride’s family, then?’ I enquired. There was something about his manner that made me curious, for he was apparently overjoyed, and yet scornful about the whole marriage.
‘The bride?’ he said. ‘She’s a cunning thing— but she’s done me a good turn, that’s for sure!’
‘A good turn by marrying Trevick?’ I asked. Perhaps he was one of Clare’s indulgent relatives— though he seemed about her own age, so hardly a guardian. ‘You’re glad to have your cousin off your hands, I suppose,’ I ventured jocularly.
‘My cousin?’ he questioned. ‘Who’s that?’
‘Clare Belmont?’ I hazarded, at which he laughed delightedly.
‘Clare Belmont! Clare Belmont’s going to be my wife!’
He slammed the boot closed, and I stood up to intercept his leaving before I had an explanation. 
‘But what do you mean?’ I pressed him. ‘Clare was just married this morning.’
‘No she wasn’t,’ he smiled. ‘Why do you think I’m so happy?’
‘I really don’t know!’
He patted me on the back, chuckling. ‘Well, let me put you out of your misery. It was a surprise to me, too. I came down for this wedding in such a state, you know, I was all over the road with nerves— of course I was hoping to talk her out of it—’
‘Clare?’ I interrupted.
‘Yes, Clare— but she wouldn’t see me beforehand, so I went along to the service. I thought, if I watch her choose him instead of me once and for all, then maybe I’ll get over her. God! You don’t know how long I’ve been in love with that woman! I reckoned a painful shock like that would help me.’
‘Well, what then?’
‘I got there extra early so I could sit down in a pew at the back, out of the way— I didn’t want her to see me, after all. I’d have been glad to ruin his day, but I wouldn’t hurt hers for the world. Anyway, he came in, in his suit, and said hello to the vicar and so on— and shortly afterwards, way ahead of time, in comes the bride.’ He smiled brightly. ‘She had this white slip on, and a bit of veil over her face, and her hair tied up under it— if I’d seen my Clare’s red hair hanging down I’d have gone mad. Well, there was nobody to give her away, or anything like that— she just nipped up the hem of her skirt and strode down the aisle like she was running an errand— I was sure she was just going to tell him it was all off. He had this look of dumb amazement on his face as she walked up to him, tossed back the veil and looked him full in the face, all smiles— and it was Ravella.’
‘Ravella!’ I repeated, astonished.
‘Oh yes,’ he laughed. ‘That damned, wonderful Ravella! And she looked at him a moment and said: “Well, are we getting married? This man’s waiting—” and my God, he married her! You can imagine how happy I was! They got hitched there and then— I signed the book myself to witness it— and then they ran out of the church, with her black hair fluttering after her as she pulled out the pins. Outside she turned by the car and threw up her bouquet— well, it was only a clump of pansies after all, with the earth still on them— and the vicar caught it, and they sped off in the bridal car.’
I had to sit back down on the bollard after these revelations. 
‘He married Ravella? James Trevick? But why? Why? He didn’t even like her, he couldn’t stand the sight of her, apparently!’
‘Quite frankly,’ said this fellow then, ‘I couldn’t care less about any of that. All that matters is, Clare hasn’t married him!’ —and he went to get in his car.
‘But where is she now?’ I called after him. ‘How has she taken it?’
‘I’ll find her,’ he said, and drove away in haste.
I remained, bewildered, on my bollard. It was a strange business indeed, and fit for a story, without doubt; but what did it all mean? I could make neither head nor tail of it. James Trevick had married Ravella— Ravella had married James Trevick— and for no good reason, it seemed! And Clare Belmont, where was she? Had she been slighted, or had she planned the whole? I was at a loss to decide on an explanation, but after all, I could not escape the idea that Ravella lay at the heart of the matter, and had turned the clockwork of the entire thing. So I sat there awhile in the sunshine, looking down at the lobster pots and heaps of seaweed, and ruminated on the curious affair, and Ravella in particular.
I cannot tell her whole history, since all I know is what she herself has told me— but I can attest to her general character, having been acquainted with the lady some while, though not without lapses. She has a bright and cheerful temper, is a little humorous, and somewhat clever; she has a wicked smile and shining eyes, and you may well suppose that these charms, allied to a not unpleasing person, have often caused her to be admired— but she was never wont to yield where she might conquer, and has always managed to live prosperously upon her wits, by playing on the wits of others.
Well, it happened that I found out the truth behind it all in the end, and that my suspicions were not altogether awry— though often we find that fortune casts a strange lot, and trumps what we expect to appear in favour of some stranger case; and really there’s no denying that the solutions to many mysteries are mysteries in themselves.
II
It seems that a whole year before this curious wedding, to the day even, our hero James Trevick was first introduced to this Ravella. Clare Belmont had pressed her friend very enthusiastically to come and meet her newfound love, who, she declared, she was ‘desperately fond’ of; and she was sure, besides, that Ravella would quickly form a similar opinion of him.
‘Well, if he is such an angel as you describe,’ said Ravella, ‘how can I help adoring him? But even so, I don’t expect to fall to my knees in awe all at once.’
‘You will,’ she beamed back. ‘I promise you.’
‘Yes? So where did you find this prodigy? And whatever happened to that other work of art you were in love with?’
‘Who?’ cried Clare. ‘Oh, Guy? I was never in love with Guy. I was only fond of Guy.’
‘But I thought you were only fond of this new man?’ 
‘Oh no, it’s quite different. I’m desperately fond of him.’
I found out later that Guy— Mr. Guy Laurence no less— was the handsome gentleman I met outside the guesthouse in Hurlevor— but I suppose we shall return to him.
Clare planned an excursion to see the new Millennium Wheel on the Thames, at which illustrious venue she gleefully introduced her friend to Trevick, and interjected praises of him amongst the comments on the prodigious height of the wheel, how imperceptibly it turned, how the glass carriages remained upright, and how long it would remain open.
Trevick was reserved, clearly shy of strangers, and a little embarrassed by his lady’s attentive petting. However, Ravella contrived to be so bright and congenial that he began to thaw, smile more often and join in the chatter. 
Nevertheless, in one glance she discerned his entire character, and supposed him proud and moody, doubtless one who considers things very seriously, not least himself. Indeed, as she smiled beautifully at the charming couple, she inwardly marvelled that they should be together at all. While she could see that her friend would dote on his masculine profundities, certain awkward glances of his revealed that Clare’s continual attention could become irksome. 
‘He will tire of her energy,’ Ravella concluded. She prided herself on her first impressions.
And then matters took a more interesting turn still. As they found their places by the windows of their capsule, Ravella noticed how Trevick subtly contrived to stand between his two companions, so that he might not be entirely monopolised by Clare; in fact he seemed glad to turn his attention elsewhere. 
‘That isn’t love,’ thought Ravella, ‘and hardly even fondness, by Clare’s standard.’
So they began to ascend above the river, majestically rearing into the air, and in the enthusiasm of pointing out the sights of London, entirely forgot to feel the vertigo they had anticipated on the ground. Clare was all breathless wonder, Trevick keen interest, and Ravella noted St. Paul’s and the new Tate and turned back to the human panorama within the capsule.
Her friend was wont to view the world entirely according to her own wishes, and was therefore oblivious to anything contrary. She took for granted that her James was as attached to her, as she was to him, and so did not really notice any evidence to contradict this. Her winning naïveté trusted that everybody else was as straightforward as she; but Ravella could see things differently. She looked on Trevick in quite another light, because it seemed that, not only did he appear to wish a greater distance between himself and Clare, but that he also wished a smaller distance between himself and Ravella.
The indications were slight, but she could not be mistaken. It was Ravella he asked if she could hear the guide quite well enough; it was Ravella to whom he pointed out Greenwich; and as the wheel turned to bring them to the summit, it was over Ravella’s shoulder he leaned, and hinted that on a clear day you could see Windsor Castle. Ravella raised her eyebrows by way of reply, but was not listening to his observations. 
They began their descent and saw what was to be seen, until, finally satisfied with skylines and cityscapes, they alighted on the bankside and nipped along to the rooms at the old County Hall for tea. Over this refreshment the conversation turned to more general topics. Clare explained again how she had been introduced to James at a party, and how they had gotten along so well, and how they had done this and that and this and more and more and then some, until Trevick was moved to check her, with: ‘Ravella doesn’t want to hear all this, Clare.’
‘But I can’t hear enough!’ Ravella smiled. ‘And now tell me, whereabouts do you live, James?’
‘You’re renting a flat in Clapham, aren’t you, James?’ put in Clare.
‘But I’m mostly in Devon,’ he added, tersely.
‘And what do you do?’ asked Ravella.
‘He’s an artist,’ returned Clare gravely. 
‘A poet,’ corrected Trevick. 
‘A poet! Well, but what do you do for money, though?’ pursued Ravella.
He sipped his tea quietly. Clare gave her a significant glance, which was supposed to imply independent wealth.
‘On the dole,’ concluded Ravella to herself. Really, she had formed a very critical opinion of this man’s suitability as a partner for her friend. The latter’s addiction to spending money, and his apparently slender means notwithstanding, there was a discrepancy in their characters. Although they looked very handsomely together, they did not fit. And then besides, there was this other factor.
She decided to test it out by means of a faithful old contrivance. She took up a teaspoon and began to stir the pot, but halfway through this action, left off, seemingly engrossed in Clare’s conversation at that moment. The spoon remained in the teapot. Ravella allowed several minutes to pass, and then turned to take it out again. 
Suddenly her hand was prevented by Trevick’s, with the warning caution that the spoon would be too hot to touch. Ravella feigned surprise, but inwardly marked her triumph. She was right to notice his interest in her. After all, he had kept his eye on her throughout her little charade, so that he could jump in and save her from injury. He was clearly more involved in that than his beloved’s conversation. There was no doubt about it. He preferred Ravella.
‘That settles it,’ she decided to herself. ‘I’ll have to ruin their little romance as soon as possible. I shall split them up, and Clare will thank me for it at length. That’s what friends are for.’
When the two women met again, it was one bright and cold afternoon. They strolled through Green Park together, beneath the forlorn trees and a crisp blue sky, wrapped up close in their coats and an interesting conversation. As this was the first time they had spoken since the former introduction, Clare’s first demand, in a gasp of cloudy breath, was: ‘What did you think of him?’
But Ravella, who did not care to be too honest on that topic, only returned innocently, ‘Who?’
‘Oh, you know who! How can you be thinking of anyone but him? Well?’ she pursued anxiously, ‘What did you think?’
Ravella considered. ‘I thought he was extremely tall.’
‘Tall! He isn’t all that tall,’ objected Clare.
‘Isn’t he?’ said Ravella, wide-eyed. ‘Well then, on reflection, I thought him rather short.’
‘But he isn’t short, either,’ protested her friend. 
Ravella held up her hands, smiling. ‘Then what is he?’ 
Clare pondered on it a moment, before happily deciding that he was just right. 
Her companion pursed her lips. ‘I stand corrected.’
‘Yes yes, but Ravella, what did you think of him, though? I mean, really?’
‘Really,’ she returned, ‘I thought him very tall.’
‘But he isn’t tall! You’re dodging me, Ravella!’
‘What! I never dodge,’ countered she, a little ruffled. ‘If you must know, I didn’t think anything at all. I never form first impressions.’ She brushed her pink nose with a handkerchief.
‘You liar! You must have thought something, and a good deal too, I’ll bet.’ 
Ravella laughed and confessed that she did, but would not stoop to reveal her thoughts. ‘Because if my opinion was bad,’ she said, ‘we must fall to blows, and if my opinion was good, we’d fall to worse.’
‘Worse?’ asked Clare.
‘Oh, yes— romance. In no time we’d be in competition to laud him to the skies, and nobody deserves too much praise.’
‘He deserves some, though, doesn’t he? He is worth it, isn’t he?’ Clare pressed her arm.
‘I refuse to compliment him for the sake of it. And besides, your feelings about him are much more important than mine. If you’re so desperately fond of him, why do you need me to be too?’
Here Clare chewed her lip and frowned. ‘You know I value your opinion, Ravella. I couldn’t do without it.’ 
She sighed wistfully, and her friend led her to a nearby bench, where they rested awhile, watching the pigeons, ruffed up against the sharp air.
Ravella suggested that there might be something the matter, but Clare mumbled a denial in a rather unconvincing way.
‘Doubts!’ thought Ravella. ‘She has doubts. She’s not so in love with him as she thought, and wants to know how to proceed. This is all for the best. I shall build on her apprehensions and tease out all her misgivings about him, until she’s convinced that he’s wrong for her in every way. I’m a friend who knows how to do her duty.’
‘Oh dear,’ she said aloud, ‘I’m afraid there’s much more to it than you’re letting on. Perhaps I should tell you what’s the matter? Would that help?’
Clare smiled, and she continued. 
‘I’ve considered the facts of the case very carefully, and the height of the gentleman in particular, and my diagnosis is this. One: you are desperately fond of him (well, this we know already). Two: you can’t tell whether he is desperately fond of you. After all, it’s always nice to know. Three: perhaps you begin to wonder whether he’s all you expected him to be? You’ve known him such a short time, and it’s so easy to be swept along at first. But now you begin to see him rather differently— indeed, you may even question, once in a while, whether your fondness was desperately well placed?’ Ravella took her hand and smiled complacently. ‘Now, Clare, have I hit it?’
Clare gazed at her in wonder, without speaking for a moment, before laughing heartily. ‘No, that isn’t it at all!’
Ravella frowned. ‘Oh? Well, perhaps I’ve put it too bluntly—’
‘No, Ravella, you’ve got it all wrong! I’m still as attached to him as I ever was.’
‘But,’ suggested Ravella, ‘you aren’t certain of his feelings for you?’
She laughed again, and took both her friend’s hands together in her own. ‘Ravella, he wants to get engaged!’
‘Engaged!’ cried her companion, appalled, and thought to herself: ‘This Trevick is a darker horse than I anticipated.’
Clare set off into a lengthy series of explanations about her hopes and his, while Ravella’s brain was working furiously. Engagement or not, she could not be persuaded that they were a good match, or half as suited as Clare believed.
‘What happy news!’ she replied at last. ‘I’m so glad for you both. But really now, be honest. Are you getting engaged just to declare yourselves a couple to the world, with only a vague idea of a wedding, or are you actually going to get married?’
‘We’re not engaged yet, Ravella,’ she rejoined. ‘He hasn’t given me a ring or anything, but he wants to —we’ve talked about it. Do you think I should let him go ahead with it?’
‘Do you?’
Clare sighed. ‘I love him— but as you said, it has been a short time. Is it too quick?’
‘There’s still room to manoeuvre,’ thought Ravella. ‘Well, if you love him,’ she said carefully, ‘why not go right ahead with it?’
‘I don’t know!’ was Clare’s answer, as she stood up and began pacing about. ‘I’m too excited to think. What should I do?’
‘Would he make you happy?’
‘Yes! Of course.’
‘And are you certain he loves you?’
‘Oh, I’m sure he does— and I love him!’
‘But what makes you sure?’
Clare laughed. ‘I just am! He’s always so sweet to me, and he’s a gentleman— not just out for what he can get. And when we row we always make up by the next time we meet. And he bought me this pendant,’ —which trinket she showed eagerly.
Ravella smiled at it, and thought: ‘I’ve heard nothing that would make me sure.’
‘Look,’ said the enthusiastic lover then, sitting down again and pulling a paper out of her glove. ‘I wanted to show you this as well. It’s his, a poem he wrote— he’s given it to me!’
‘A poem!’ said Ravella. ‘How lovely.’
‘Shall I read it? He gave it to me to keep, I love it.’
‘Please do,’ she replied, inwardly sinking. 
Clare continued as follows:
The waves crushed the shore in their embrace
North winds blew ’gainst the stark cliff-face
The wanton sea was a rabid dog
A seething morass amid clinging fog;
But that a thousand waves could hide
The gruesome thing that did arise—
From the bosom of the sea it came a-stalking
Onto the shore, its tatters flapping:
A man —his face all bloated and white,
Eyes staring and sightless, fists cold and tight;
His dark, dripping locks show up his pallor
Like a cold stone, or death, and showing no colour;
His lungs, filled with water, give spray as he breathes
As he makes for the church, for the one he seeks.
She concluded, breathlessly, and declared: ‘Isn’t it wonderful? You know, he was actually ashamed of it, and laughed at it, but I made him give it to me.’
Ravella smiled winningly. ‘Ashamed? No! But Clare, did he write this for you? It’s hardly comparing you to a summer’s day, is it?’
‘Oh no, it isn’t a love poem! He wrote it when he was a teenager, after a strange dream. Don’t you love it? Isn’t he clever? “By James Trevick” —I’m sure it will be famous one day.’
‘Do you think so?’ said Ravella doubtfully. ‘But you know, everybody fancies themselves a poet when they’re a teenager. I remember churning out a good deal of drivel myself.’
Clare looked crestfallen. ‘Don’t you like it, Ravella?’
‘Well, it’s all a little grim, don’t you think? I would have thought he’d write you something warmer—’
‘Sentimental and empty, you mean!’ she scoffed. ‘I much prefer it to anything like that!’
‘But what does it mean, Clare?’
‘It’s a mystery,’ she enthused. ‘It’s just like him— dark, and stormy. Who is the drowned stranger? Why has he come out of his sea-grave? Who does he seek?’
‘I can’t guess.’
Her friend laughed. ‘His lost love? His old enemy? James has such a romantic soul!’
Now Ravella laughed too and shook her head. ‘Only you could be delighted with a poem like that, Clare, and call it romantic! You’re far too caught up in him to notice any of his faults.’
‘Faults?’
‘Yes, Clare, faults! After all, he is human. Look at this poem, for example. The rhymes are trite, the words commonplace, and altogether it’s so morbid— I can’t say I like it. Drowned sailors wandering back onto shore —it gives me a chill. I hardly know how you’re so pleased with it.’ 
Clare pouted a little. ‘It was only a token. I suppose I shouldn’t have shown it to you at all.’ She folded up the paper and put it safely away. ‘But you would tell me if you had some real apprehension about James, wouldn’t you?’
‘I am apprehensive, Clare, that you’re feeling without thinking.’
‘So you do have misgivings about him?’
‘Not really,’ lied her friend, ‘but it’s an important step you’re considering here. I mean, for example, he lives down the line, doesn’t he? If you left London to marry this fellow, what would you do for money? You can’t live on love alone, can you?’
‘I haven’t taken any step yet,’ she replied. ‘In any case, you can put your snobbery about money away, Ravella. James is very wealthy in his own right.’
‘What?’ Ravella turned, surprised. ‘But he said he was a poet— he can’t be earning much from that.’
‘No,’ she said, ‘you’re right, he doesn’t publish his poems. In fact I don’t know exactly how he does make his millions.’
‘Millions!’ cried Ravella.
‘Oh yes,’ Clare confirmed serenely. ‘He’s a great landowner in the Westcountry,’ —and she went on to mention his house in Hurlevor, his boats, and his interests in the stock market. However, she spoke of these things as entirely incidental, and rather unimportant. Clare Belmont was much too interested in matters of emotion to hold wealth in high regard. Having always had it, she took it for granted.
But Ravella was quite different. She was indeed a snob about money— and the attainment of it by cunning was her favourite game. So this revelation of James Trevick’s wealth suddenly put an entirely different complexion on him. Now he was eminently desirable— in fact, so very eminently desirable that she resolved then and there to cease her inefficient meddling in his romance with Clare, and break them up, at once and for all, so that she might have his wonderful fortune for herself. 
The two friends continued their stroll, to the very different satisfaction of each.
That evening, Ravella returned to her rooftop apartment in a kind of dream as she pondered on investments, real estate and wills. Her mind strayed to Devonshire, where she envisioned a great mansion with green lawns, and remembering certain expressive glances on the Millennium Wheel she revelled in her prospects. 
It was a blustery night, and she was often distracted from these important thoughts by the lowing wind, and other sounds that pricked her ears now and again —a car receding out of hearing, a muttering argument downstairs diminishing into nothing, a pelican crossing bleating aimlessly. But it seemed there was another sound too, among the breezes, slipping beneath the blowing weather— and the keener she listened, the more she was convinced she heard a voice, a familiar, whispered voice. Taken with curiosity, she crossed the room to the window, where the flitting moonlight was streaming in. 
Turning the latch, she leaned out. The brilliant moon fell full upon her face, and the gale broke like a mighty wave, beating and streaming around her, setting the curtains dancing. She felt very small then, a tiny thing against the crashing storm-gusts, and in the bellow of the blast she could hear still more distant sounds, for doubtless that breeze had swept up from the ocean and soared a vast distance— so it brought with it the calls of waders picking for shrimps at the mouths of mighty rivers, the creaks of ships shifting at their moorings, the toll of buoys rocking their solitary bells, the breathing of immense whales on the surface of the choppy brine, and towers of ice splitting off the polar caps to crumble into the sea. Wave upon wave of gale poured over her there, and still, in the lulls and pauses, she could hear the voice, a familiar voice from long ago, whispering something at the bottom of the sea, whispering something indistinct and dreadful— and in a sudden panic she shut the window and hurried off to bed.
Nevertheless, the following morning she rose full of vigour and enthusiasm, ready to bring about her stratagem to ruin Clare Belmont’s love affair at the first opportunity. Being entirely her own mistress that day (her current amour presently and conveniently on business in St. Petersburg) she elected to call on Guy Laurence, who she knew to be in love with Clare. 
‘Another man,’ she speculated on the way, ‘is just the lever I need to prize the lovers apart.’
On arrival at his apartment she entered directly, switched off a particularly maudlin ballad that was playing, and called for her inadvertent host. Receiving no answer, however, she was obliged to throw off several cushions from the sofa in order to discover its occupant beneath, curled up around an empty vodka bottle.
‘What’s the matter with you, Guy?’ she demanded, pulling out the bottle and tugging his ear.
‘Me?’ he replied feebly, ‘what’s the matter with you? I never asked for a wake-up call.’
‘It’s time you woke up to yourself,’ tutted Ravella, and threw open the curtains.
This fellow Laurence was generally considered a very handsome man, indeed winningly attractive— blonde, blue-eyed and statuesque. But though the camera usually adored him, at the present moment even the most doting lens might turn aside. He was in a poor state of repair due to both the spirits, and a want of them, since that heady liquor love had brought him very low of late. The intrusion of sunlight, birdsong and street-bustle from the open window seemed to sink him still lower; he burrowed under another cushion, until Ravella snatched it off.
‘What do you want?’ he appealed. ‘Why are you harassing me? What did I ever do to you?’
‘Do you think I’m going to let you wallow here in your pit and die of a broken heart? Get up, get in the shower, clean your teeth, and I’ll fry you something that’ll really give your heart something to break about.’ 
This nursing counsel was not met with much enthusiasm, and she was obliged to make several more attempts before finally harrowing him into the bathroom. 
‘On second thoughts, take a bath,’ she advised, ‘and I’ll sit on this stool outside the door so we can talk.’ 
The poor man obeyed.
‘Well, what is it you want to talk about?’ he enquired, once installed in the tub.
‘Nothing at all, Guy,’ said Ravella. ‘What do you want to talk about?’ 
He replied gloomily that he did not want to talk about anything.
‘What! Why not? What’s the matter with you?’
‘Nothing,’ he said, sulkily.
‘Oh, I don’t believe that. You’re not the man you used to be. You never used to sit in on your own, brooding on your woes. You used to be quite chirpy. What’s changed?’
‘You know what’s changed,’ he returned despondently.
‘You’d be amazed how I forget things,’ she replied, and conjured him to relate his miseries, which were, in short, that he was ardently in love, while Clare would not return the passion, and was seeing somebody else. His plaintive dirge carried on for a good hour altogether, since unhappy people are always at pains to tell you so at length; and at its conclusion the bathwater had gotten cold, which did not improve his humour any.
Ravella turned aside as he ambled to his bedroom, lamenting all the while, and then repositioned her stool outside this new door. 
‘I don’t know what to do,’ he complained, while dressing. ‘I don’t understand myself, Ravella. I love her too much, I know that, and I know what it does to me. But I don’t know how I’m supposed to get on, what I ought to feel, what my life will be like tomorrow, or what I’ll feel then. I don’t remember what it was like before her, either— I suppose I must have been happy, but I can’t imagine it, with her missing— oh, it makes me so miserable, I could kill myself!’
Ravella buffed her nails for the hundredth time and said: ‘Oh Guy, I don’t believe you’re in love at all.’
He put his head around the door and startled her. ‘How can you say that? After everything I’ve just told you!’ —and he snapped the door shut. She opened it ajar.
‘It seems to me that if you were in love, you’d be happy.’
‘What’s to be happy about?’
‘The prospect of winning Clare, and making her love you too.’
He laughed mirthlessly. ‘She doesn’t want me.’
Ravella frowned. ‘Who can blame her, though? Who would want you, Guy, for all your company’s worth? All you do is traipse around, moaning about how painfully miserable you are, when really you needn’t bother, because it’s perfectly obvious. Well, now I’m here to bring you out of it, once and for all— don’t interrupt, I’ve got plenty to say, and you’re going to listen to me. Last time you met her, Guy, you nearly reduced her to tears with your sighs and longing looks.’
‘Did I?’ he asked, hopefully.
‘Tears of boredom, Guy! And it’s no wonder, is it? She’s hardly going to be swept off her feet by that sort of mawkish carry-on. You must snap out of these doldrums if you’re to get anywhere.’
At this point he emerged sheepishly from his room, and Ravella began to tidy him up as best she could, wondering how she might get him out of this black pullover into something altogether more ravishing.
‘Tell me immediately,’ she said, ‘do you actually want Clare, or do you just want to pine about her?’
‘Of course I want her!’
‘Good, because I’m sick and tired of watching you dither about. If you’re really determined, I can help you.’
‘You know I’d die for her, Ravella,’ he said heroically.
‘I’ll kill you myself if you continue in that vein,’ she warned. ‘Now, you must do exactly what I tell you, to the letter, do you understand?’
‘Alright. But you can’t make her love me any more than I can,’ he protested.
‘Excuse me, I can do whatever I wish. And first of all, I’ll make you into the most fascinating, attractive prospect going, which will be no mean feat, even with your pretty face.’
So she set upon transforming him by the method of cheering him up, because (she reasoned) cheerful people are always more attractive than gloomy ones, which is why they say that those who are not looking for love always find it first— if you are happy without it, you are loved for being happy. With this, and many other convoluted maxims, she brought him into her devices and persuaded him that Clare would fall for him yet. And he, I suppose, reasoned that the assistance of his beloved’s best friend could hardly do his cause any harm, so consented to her dictates.
Over the ensuing weeks Ravella casually brought Laurence into Clare’s society more and more, to restore the ground of friendship he had jeopardised with his loverish miseries. And in a short time she saw a chance, and gleefully seized upon it. She considered the intelligence she had gleaned, what her own moves should be, the various ways in which her players might react, and how she would respond; and having plotted sufficiently she gave Laurence his directions, relying on the assumption that, as in the best comedies, everybody would play to type.
Her discovery was that Trevick had devised a romantic appointment for his beloved’s birthday at the end of May. He hinted to Clare that he was going to treat her, and that she would receive an invitation on that morning. Swept up by the romance of this gesture, Clare enthusiastically imagined a surprise trip to Venice, Hong Kong or Australia, and pestered Trevick on the subject so thoroughly that she ruined her own surprise, because he was forced to reveal that she could expect no more than dinner and a show, followed by a trip to his house in Devonshire. 
This she reported to Ravella, who closely noted the details, and pointed out that even rich men can be frustratingly frugal. But Clare, in order to compensate for her disappointment about the foreign holiday, now imagined a much nicer surprise altogether. She convinced herself that he meant to propose properly. Ravella realised that this might not be such an absolute fantasy, since the tide was turning that way anyhow, and decided to act immediately. 
‘The first birthday in a relationship is sure to make or break it,’ she remarked to herself, ‘and I certainly know which way I intend this one to fall.’
So it was that, on the eve of this fatal birthday, Ravella arrived at her dear friend’s home in a carefully contrived state. As soon as the door was opened to her, she burst into floods of very convincing tears on the doorstep. 
‘Ravella! What’s happened?’ cried Clare, and bundled her inside for a stiff drink and sympathy.
‘Oh Clare!’ gasped Ravella. ‘I’ve had such a day, the worst of my whole life!’
‘Why, why, what’s happened?’
‘All my dreams are ruined! I’m at the end of my tether!’ She took a deep breath. ‘Jack has thrown me out!’
‘Thrown you out? No!’
‘Yes! Actually turned me out of doors, in just my coat and what I’m stood up in! He had the nerve to throw a matchbox after me down the stairs, for my clothes— well you know I don’t have so many, but I guess I’ve got a long way to go—’ 
Here she wept some more, incoherence embellishing her appearance of distress. 
‘But what happened?’ Clare asked. ‘Why did he do it?’
Ravella sighed. ‘He says I don’t love him enough. But what does he know about love, anyway? I daresay he’s found some prettier, younger creature, and is sick of me!’
‘How could he?’ gasped Clare, outraged at the idea. ‘And so he sent you off, just like that?’
Ravella leaned back, world-wearily. ‘Men! Give me another drink. Here’s to men! You always know what to expect from them— a knife in the back! Cheers!’
Following this toast she went on to explain how Jack (Jack Elliott, her doting lover and benefactor, currently in St. Petersburg, if the truth were known) had suddenly started a row about nothing. Hot words had flown about, and he had said he did not want her, that she could leave if she liked, that minute; Ravella had argued with him (she said) and pleaded for a second chance, but he was implacable. 
‘I’m too proud to beg,’ she asserted, ‘and life’s too short to go scraping after lost causes. I don’t want him anymore, Clare. Even if he came crawling to me tomorrow, I’d kick him back. It’s unforgivable that he could even think of leaving me!’ A cocktail of further robust and bitter defiances followed. 
‘Oh Ravella, I admire your courage! I’m sure if it had happened to me, I’d be a wreck!’
‘What? Do you expect me to curl up and die?’ She laughed grimly and tossed her head. ‘I wouldn’t give him the satisfaction! I’ll survive him, Clare, and thrive, too! It takes more than a man to break me! But that’s enough of that. I don’t want to talk about it anymore, not one word. Here’s to you, Clare, to your birthday, and what it may bring!’ 
They toasted again, and the subject was neatly turned onto Clare, who was content to remain on it for the rest of the evening, once it was established that Ravella must stay the night. Her plan was to leave the next day and retreat to an aunt’s in Devonshire to lick her wounds.
Really, Ravella should have gone upon the stage, or appeared in films, because the entire melodrama was a fabrication from beginning to end, a ruse to secure herself at Clare’s at that critical time, and to ensure her escape route the next day.
In the morning she sprang up with the lark, while her friend lay fast asleep under the weight of the previous evening’s indulgences. Ravella drummed her fingers until the first post, and when it arrived, scoured the envelopes for Trevick’s handwriting (which she remembered from the famous poem). She pounced upon the correct card and opened it directly. Inside was a ticket for the theatre and an appointment to meet for dinner beforehand. Ravella noted the details of this cheapskate scheme, and then tore it all up and threw it out of the window, before secretly telephoning Guy Laurence, who was waiting for his final instructions. Then she cancelled the booking at the restaurant for Trevick, and rebooked it for Laurence; and all of this was neatly, swiftly and stealthily accomplished before Clare was even aware of the world, much to her friend’s satisfaction.
When that lady finally arose, she hurried to open her birthday cards with enthusiasm, but could hardly conceal her disappointment when she got nothing from one well-wisher. 
‘He did say he would send something,’ she protested forlornly to Ravella, who consoled her with the notion that there was still a second post to come. And indeed, that post came, and indeed it brought yet more cards, which were met with renewed happiness by their addressee, until she discovered the notable absence. Then it was confusion, questions, worry.
‘Oh Ravella, I’m sure he said— I was certain that maybe— perhaps he’s forgotten— perhaps a delay with the post— what if— what if— what do you think?’ 
This anguished plea was met with the suggestion that there might be a special delivery, a courier —and Clare clutched the straw soundly, so that the remainder of the day was spent in anxiety and waiting for a special birthday message, sadly remiss. Every engine she conjectured to be a motorcycle dispatch, every step on the pavement a potential knock at the door.
‘What does it mean?’ cried Clare, pacing the room. ‘Why doesn’t he call? He might at least wish me happy birthday— you would think he’d do that!’
‘Yes, you’d think so,’ concurred Ravella, who, however, had accidentally disconnected the telephone.
The afflicted lady, though sorely tempted, would not deign to call her erstwhile lover, but nor would she leave home in case of some communication; so she paced and debated and worried and disclaimed until finally, bursting into tears, she wildly decided that James Trevick must be dead. Ravella observed, however, that this tragedy would not have prevented his birthday card from arriving, if he had posted it.
‘Then I wish he was dead!’ sobbed Clare anew, and worked over again the reasons why he might not have contacted her, until the only solution seemed to be that he did not want to— that he did not love her.
‘Nonsense!’ cried Ravella, appalled. ‘Of course he loves you! I’m sure it’s some mistake.’
‘Yes, yes,’ agreed Clare. ‘A mistake. The wrong address! He’s sent my card to the wrong address!’
‘I’m sure that’s it. And he’s lost your number, so he can’t call.’
‘Yes, of course,’ said the other, not even convincing herself. ‘But how could he mistake the address?’ she muttered under her breath. ‘And you’d think he’d know the number by now.’
‘Why don’t you just ring him and clear it all up?’ Ravella gambled.
‘Call him! Me call him! When he can’t even be bothered to call on my birthday! I don’t think so! I’m not going to make it easy for him!’ —and she burst into tears again, as evening drew on.
‘Look at this,’ she announced then, running into the bedroom and re-emerging with a silken slip in her hand. ‘I was going to wear this tonight— I bought it specially! I was going to wear it just for him, and he can’t even make the effort to call me!’
Ravella hugged her consolingly. ‘I can hardly believe anything bad of James,’ she said, ‘but I suppose men are men at the end of the day, and James and Jack are pressed from the same mould.’
‘Oh, Ravella! Here’s me moaning on, when Jack has thrown you out and broken your heart!’
‘Don’t worry about me, Clare. I always land on my feet, like the best cats. But I hate to see you treated badly.’ 
‘But I haven’t been used as terribly as you have, Ravella.’
‘Your birthday’s been ruined, hasn’t it? Good money wasted on a dress he’ll never see, and your best hopes set at nothing!’ 
Clare sobbed again in spite of herself, and dropped into a chair. ‘I wish I was as strong as you, Ravella.’
Her companion soothed her. ‘My motto,’ she said, ‘is always “carry on regardless”. I never fall and I never break— I just keep on going.’
And with these empty words she left her alone, and soon, at the appointed time, surreptitiously re-connected the telephone line. Before long, there was a bright and hearty ring. Clare leapt up as though she had been electrocuted and snatched at the receiver —only to visibly slump when Guy Laurence cheerily wished her a happy birthday.
Not being privy to the events of the day, he expressed concern at the miserable tone of his beloved’s voice, and his affection for her made him ideally compassionate to her distress. Ravella had, of course, already arranged for him to take her out to dinner, and now he asked her in earnest, as a consolation for her disappointment elsewhere. 
Ravella began innocently playing cards with herself while this conversation ensued, gambling on its success. Clare put her hand over the receiver and asked: ‘Guy wants to take me out to dinner, what shall I say?’
‘Well, you know,’ said Ravella, ‘I’ll have to get my train to Devon soon, and you don’t want to sit in on your own tonight, do you?’
Clare gloomily considered this prospect a moment, before grimly setting her chin. ‘I’ll be damned before I let that man ruin my entire birthday!’ —and turning again to the receiver, immediately accepted Laurence’s offer.
‘Queen, king, ace and out!’ murmured Ravella, laying down her cards in triumph. Of course a successful gambler is only successful because he accurately sums up the odds, and Ravella was nothing if not astute.
Meanwhile, Trevick spent all day pursuing various business transactions, intermittently trying to call Clare on the telephone, and wondering why he could not get through to her. Nevertheless, he made his way to keep the appointment he had specified in his card, and arrived at the restaurant just in time to see his darling sitting down to dinner at the table he had booked, with another man. Trevick’s jealous hackles rose; Clare’s wounded feelings seethed; Laurence’s gallantry nettled at the perceived injury done to the lady —there was a terrible scene— rash words were spoken, hot tempers flared— patrons gasped and waiters fainted— blows fell, and at last the entire party were ejected from the restaurant. 
Each went their own way, utterly outraged, offended and embarrassed. The romantic aspirations of all three were blasted, and Ravella had neatly effected the whole.
But she had not done it for pleasure— all for gain. Yes, this was a mere prelude to the main performance, in which she meant to pursue her quarry, namely, Trevick’s money. And having successfully brought him into the scheme by cutting out his current attachment, she now intended to build on her initial victory by cutting out her own, and beginning the chase.
She hurried back to her apartment with thoughts ticking over, and once there quickly packed up her few belongings and made ready to depart— for in truth it was the home of this Jack Elliott, so happily absent in St. Petersburg, content in the belief that Ravella was waiting dotingly for his return. But she had other plans, a new conquest to make, a new crusade; she meant to have that James Trevick, and win his fabled millions too, in one fell swoop: all other considerations simply paled and faded away.
Pausing in her business, she assessed herself in the long bedroom mirror, and counted over the weapons she might bring to bear on her prey. Bright, flashing eyes, good; lips quick to smile and pout by turns, good; hair, brown, indifferent— but lustrous and dark, better; figure not too large, good; figure not too small, bad —but there was time for improvement there. A pretty face and pretty manners, together with the brain of a Moriarty, Mata Hari and Medea all at once, with a dash of Mary Poppins too, just to sweeten the mix. Yes, yes, she would do well enough. 
An ancient look crept into her young eyes then, as she gazed on her own face; tinges of yesterdays— but she put them away, and continued her packing.
This done, she turned to the mirror once more, to set about the composition of some expressive phrase of valediction, to be written (in the best tradition) with lipstick on the glass. Her muse was hampered, however, by a nagging concern, namely that she did not want to waste too much of her favourite shade. As it happened, though, she was spared the trouble and the lipstick together by the sudden opening of the front door, and the entrance of a very bluff and jolly Jack Elliott, prematurely returned from Russia to surprise his beloved.
Ravella looked around at this vision of merry joy and realised that she had her work cut out. Elliott was besotted with her, supported her comfortably in his home, and would not suffer butter to melt in her mouth at any time— none of which boded that he would take being cast off wonderfully well. And he didn’t.
You must imagine for yourself a full hour of shock, horror, outrage, wounded cries, poisoned looks, bleeding tears, impassioned pleas, tantrums and heartbreak, all on the part of the unfortunate gentleman. An attack on the feelings can injure just as severely as a physical assault, and certainly takes much more concentration and effort to heal; and indeed, if Ravella had snatched a kitchen knife and butchered Elliott, filleting his bones and boiling them for broth, he would not, perhaps, have experienced so intense a sensation of pain and hurt as he did during that hour, and long afterwards. But these interesting observations aside, let it suffice to say that Elliott was somewhat upset when Ravella told him she was leaving.
After the hour had elapsed (Ravella had her eye on the time), he sat down on his suitcase in the hall with a heavy sigh, and she sat down on hers. 
‘I’ve loved you so much,’ he said, ‘so much, Ravella, and I’ve been so happy. I was happy right up to that front door, right until I saw you, right until you spoke to me. Have you never been happy? Have you never been happy with me?’ 
‘Of course I have,’ she replied, ‘quite as happy as you, my dear, and I’m happy now.’
‘Happy to be leaving me!’
‘Happy that our whole affair has been happy, Jack, from beginning to end. I would hate to think of it waning into bitterness and resentment.’ She smiled sweetly.
‘But we could go on being happy,’ he urged, ‘we could go on as we are!’ 
She shook her head. 
‘Why not?’ he pressed. ‘Why, tell me why?’
‘Because it’s time to change. That’s the way to stay happy.’
‘But I’m in love with you!’ 
‘You shouldn’t be,’ she tutted, ‘it’s very rash. Happiness is one thing, but being in love is altogether more risky.’
‘How can I help it, though?’ he parried. ‘You’ve made me love you!’
‘Made you!’ She stood up, frowning. ‘Well I’ll make you hate me now, in recompense!’
Elliott gasped. ‘Ravella, why are you doing this? Why are you being so cruel to me?’
‘I’m being kind,’ she said. ‘You’ve no business loving me. You’ll come to regret it.’
‘How can I regret it? I love you so much!’ —and with this anguished cry he flung his arms around her and sobbed; but she put him off sternly.
‘Too much, Jack! I never knew of love that came to any good. It’s too heady and dangerous for anybody to be content with it.’
But he did not like the taste of that, and retorted angrily: ‘There’s some new man, isn’t there? Who is he? I’ll kill him! I’ll murder him!’ He drew up his middle-age spread to his full height. ‘Tell me his name!’
‘It’s none of your business.’
‘Tell me, Ravella! I swear I’ll have him traced, and shot!’
‘Put your temper away,’ she snapped. ‘I won’t have you shooting him, or anyone.’
‘So there is someone!’ he accused, appalled. 
‘Why does it surprise you? There were men before you, and there’ll be men again. Didn’t you “poach” me from your cousin, Jack? Well, you never won me— I won you.’
‘We were in love!’
‘That word again! I knew where my bread was buttered— and you knew how to feather your bed, and we were two happy proverbs together.’
His wrath kindled. ‘What have I ever done to hurt you? You were nothing when I met you!’
‘Nonsense, I was everything when you met me,’ said Ravella. ‘I was feted, celebrated and adored— I was the cat with the cream, and you had to have me. Well, that suited me well enough, at the time— but I find the cream’s gone sour of late, since your love stepped in. That’s done neither you nor me any good: I can’t live with it, and you can’t live without it.’
‘What would you know? You’ve never loved.’
Ravella took a breath before answering. ‘As it happens I have— and powerfully. But it’s all passed.’
Elliott clutched her hand. ‘You loved me?’
She snatched it away. ‘My husband, of course! I can’t tell you how I felt for him. But now I’m done with love.’
Then her erstwhile partner pulled her towards him once more, enjoining tenderly: ‘Give me time, Ravella, give me time. You’ll come to feel differently— about love, about me. You’ll come to feel as I do about you.’
‘I’d rather not feel at all, if I can,’ she told him. ‘Look at all the trouble it leads to.’
With that she looked at the clock, picked up her luggage and kissed his cheek goodbye. He protested still, however, claiming that he would find her, would seek her out, would make her see— and rounded off desperately with: ‘I’ll always love you!’ as she retreated.
‘Yes, my darling,’ she smiled kindly, half-turning. ‘But make it a short “always”.’ —and she slammed the door.
James Trevick, meanwhile, true to his proud nature, did not suffer himself to risk further embarrassment, following the scene in the restaurant, by remaining in the city any longer than he needed to. He froze all his feelings for Clare Belmont entirely, and withdrew his affection. He would not be made into a dupe, he would not be humiliated. He was sorely hurt by her apparent duplicity, and did not mean to disgrace himself by continuing her acquaintance if he could avoid it. So avoid it he would, by leaving London altogether, and immediately. Back home at Hurlevor Point he meant to retreat into his shell to lick his wounds, and learn that love is false, which lesson would doubtless form the basis of many a depthless poem.
But Ravella anticipated all of this, and made to head him off at Hurlevor.
III
The granite cottages cluttered in their cove, the forlorn quay, the blustered trees and miserable boats rocking at their moorings were all submerged in a grey sea-fog the following morning, as Ravella arrived in the unwary little village. The waves were furious and foaming, the sky overcast, the seagulls making their dismal madrigals as they headed inland— June did not promise a radiant summer. 
Ravella’s umbrella immediately blew out as she stepped from the taxi, and she battled to restrain her hair while glancing about at the gloomy scene. But as soon as she conceived her first misgivings she put them off and hurried into the porch of the rustic Victorian guesthouse right upon the quayside.
Blundering into the hall amid a shower of fallen leaves and tumbling luggage, she was at once greeted by a pall of silence, broken only by the ticking of a clock and a dog barking mutedly somewhere. The dimpsy interior (which did not seem to have been redecorated since the war) was not indicative, at first glance, of the best standard of accommodation. Nevertheless, Ravella smartly rang the bell, and was instantly attended by the fair genius of the place, namely, Mrs. Manderville, a lady of uncertain age and quality, who was anyhow distilled of good Devonish stock, hale and plump. Unfortunately, however, it appeared that once, having mistakenly sucked upon an unripe gooseberry, the wind had changed, and her face had stayed that way. 
Ravella assumed the imperious tone she always used with staff, and demanded to see the manager of the establishment.
Mrs. Manderville said: ‘I am the landlady,’ with great dignity.
‘Are you?’ said Ravella. ‘Well, I require your best room for an indefinite period, and full board— I eat like a horse, you understand.’
‘And you know how to whistle Dixie, Miss, I presume?’
‘What did you say?’
‘I was just elucidating, Miss, that this is what they call a “bed and breakfast”, and as such, a bed and a breakfast is what you can expect to get.’
Ravella smiled. ‘Oh dear, I expect to get much, much more.’
‘Then as I say, you’d better start whistling,’ replied the landlady flatly.
Ravella tutted. ‘Hmm, but I can’t do with those terms. Where else is there to eat in Hurlevor, I mean, beyond breakfast?’
Mrs. Manderville sniffed. ‘Nowhere, Miss.’
‘Well, what do the other guests do?’
‘Nothing, Miss.’
‘They starve? Is this a health farm?’
‘There are no other guests, Miss,’ returned the matron.
‘What! Nobody?’
‘You’re out of season, Miss.’
‘In June?’ enquired the Miss. Mrs. Manderville shuffled a little.
‘Yes,’ she said, trying to sound casual, ‘you see, people come for the crabs, mostly.’
‘The crabs? In this guesthouse?’
‘No! I meant— well, in the sea, you see?’
‘And nobody comes for the crabs in the summer?’
Mrs. Manderville half-smiled toothlessly and spread her hands.
Ravella looked at her like a teacher to a naughty pupil. ‘And they don’t come in the winter either, do they?’
Mrs. Manderville looked at her feet and shook her head.
Ravella laughed gaily and linked arms with the landlady. ‘Mrs—’ she declared (‘Manderville,’ suggested the other), ‘Mrs. Manderville, you and I are going to be such good friends! You’re going to show me the best room in the house, where I shall stay for as long as I please, and enjoy full board, and we shall always eat together, just for the pleasure of it. And in return, I will personally support your entire summer season. Now, how’s that for friendship?’
Mrs. Manderville, who, to be honest, was wondering where her next gin would be coming from anyway, smiled, and they shook hands. ‘What name shall I put in the book, Miss?’ she asked.
Ravella was attending to her hair in a dusty mirror. ‘Mrs. Trevick,’ she said.
The landlady looked up. ‘Trevick? You’re not related to Mr. Trevick who lives up at the Point, are you?’
Ravella gave her companion an arch smile. ‘What a prophetess you are, Mrs. Manderville!’ —and promptly wheedled as much news of Mr. Trevick as she could out of the hapless landlady, as they ventured upstairs.
Mrs. Manderville (carrying the bags) puffingly confirmed that Trevick had no family, lived alone and was famously wealthy. ‘Quite a catch for a pretty young thing like you, Miss,’ she rounded off.
‘Certainly beats crabs,’ the other agreed.
They proceeded into a large, sombre chamber on the first floor, the tall windows of which fronted immediately onto the sea, with only a narrow lane, a bollard and the harbour-stones intervening. Indeed, so close was the guesthouse built to the quay, that in particularly rough weather the windows of that very room were often dashed with salt-spray.
Ravella ran her finger along the mantelpiece. ‘Is this the best room?’ she queried suspiciously. 
Mrs. Manderville asserted that it was. Ravella suggested that she might have the cleaners come in— it was all a bit grubby.
‘I shall do it myself, Miss!’ said Mrs. Manderville. ‘I’m never satisfied when it comes to cleanliness, until I can see my own face shining in all the furniture!’ —but this gallant gesture was only a subterfuge to disguise the fact that she could not afford to keep on any staff, and was obliged to do it all herself anyway.
‘It’s a rough sea today!’ she observed brightly, to distract her guest while she surreptitiously wiped over a table with her skirt, behind her back.
Ravella glanced towards the window and shivered. ‘I can’t abide listening to the sea,’ she muttered. ‘The sound of the waves in the night drives me mad.’ She involuntarily shied away towards the door.
‘Most folks find it restful,’ said the landlady.
‘I am not most folks,’ rounded Ravella. ‘I always think the water is watching me. I had a dream once that I was swimming and got my foot caught in a lobster pot. It dragged me down to the bottom, and I had to live there forever.’
‘What an idea!’ Mrs. Manderville shook her head. ‘But you did say you wanted the best room, Miss.’
Nevertheless Ravella insisted that she see another, at the back of the house, and so was led to a still gloomier apartment, overlooking a meagre garden.
‘I wouldn’t have put you in here unless you’d insisted,’ warned Mrs. Manderville, ‘because it’s haunted.’
Ravella glanced around the room and beamed. ‘How lovely! Tell me who haunts it.’
‘Well,’ confided the other, warming to the theme, ‘they say that there was a young cavalier, you know, from cavalier times, who was in love with the lady who lived up at the great house.’
‘Hurlevor Point?’
‘Yes, but the old mansion’s gone now, Miss. Anyway, it seems this lady was cruel to him, and turned him off, so he run himself through on his sword, for grief. And now they say he’s often seen on windswept nights, pacing this chamber, all bloodied, with his cutlass in his back.’
‘How terrible!’ Ravella enthused, wide-eyed. ‘A cavalier, you say? And when was this house built?’
‘Eighteen forty-two,’ intoned Mrs. Manderville solemnly. ‘It says so over the door.’
Ravella nodded conspiratorially, and looked about the room. Happening to rest her hand a moment on the stout oak bedframe, a large timber of it came away in her fingers. ‘Mrs. Manderville!’ she gasped. ‘This guesthouse really is in a shocking state of repair!’
The hostess apologised. ‘But it’s finding the time and gumption to do it all, you know. I’m not too handy with woodwork.’
‘Can’t you get Mister Manderville up here to sort the old place out?’
The matron took on a very grave look. ‘My husband, Miss,’ she announced, ‘has been dead these ten years.’
‘Oh.’
‘Lost at sea, Miss,’ she continued, rather proudly. ‘The best sailor I ever knew.’
Ravella was still for a moment, before returning: ‘Well! You know we really are birds of a feather, Mrs. Manderville.’
‘How so?’
‘We’re both widows, and the sea has both our husbands, too. But you see I haven’t let myself go for all that— and similarly, you shouldn’t let this house fall to rack and ruin. No wonder nobody stays at Hurlevor, if this is the fare they’re to expect! But with a bit of imagination you could really turn this place around. I can see it now— an exclusive little executive getaway, only for the most select clientele. Yes, you’re sitting on a goldmine, without a doubt.’
Mrs. Manderville looked around the faded old walls in surprise. ‘Do you think so?’ she asked doubtfully.
Ravella took her arm with conviction. ‘Mrs. Manderville,’ she said, ‘I never tell a lie.’ 
And so she recommended that they eat, which they did, and chewed over the landlady’s glittering hoteliery future. Afterwards Ravella proposed that they take a drink, which was the kiss of life to Mrs. Manderville, and the gin appeared. Then Ravella asked her hostess whether she played, and without delay the cards were brought out, and they began. Shortly Ravella intimated that they should play for a few pennies, which went down well, and after that suggested upping the stakes to pounds, and, the gin having taken Mrs. Manderville (who considered herself quite a shark at cards), this was readily agreed to— so they gambled on into the night. And Ravella, you will not be surprised to learn, never lost at cards, and by morning had her landlady so far in debt as to keep herself in board and lodging for the next six weeks; and all the while they became the very best of friends, and Mrs. Manderville became very, very drunk indeed.
Nevertheless, she was up bright and early the next morning cooking a hearty breakfast for Ravella, who, against all the odds, had slept quite soundly in the haunted chamber. She came downstairs full of resolution, and principally, a desire to acquaint herself with Trevick’s landed assets. Mrs. Manderville was eager to know what was afoot, and eulogised about ‘young lovers’ all over the bacon and eggs. But Ravella only smiled and kept her counsel; she was no more in the habit of depending on uncertainties than humouring landladies.
The season continued wet, and a particularly blustery squall swept in over Hurlevor as Ravella emerged from the guesthouse, and turned right along the lane. Following her landlady’s directions, she branched off onto the coast-path, having crossed a stile, and entered the relative shelter of a copse. Unfortunately, the track sided directly the humming tide, so the sparse intervention of some gorse and ashes did little to prevent the wet gusts from ravaging her delicate attentions to beauty. Her shoes were quickly muddied, her clothes bespattered and her hair matted; in short, she did not emerge into the grounds of Hurlevor Point as quite the vision of loveliness she intended. 
Nevertheless, her Machiavellian interests were soon distracted by the prospect of the house: a good size, in tolerable order, in a key position and set before an imposing drive of gravel. She peeped in through the downstairs windows, but found the rooms empty of furniture; however, she could see enough of the interior to be very well satisfied with the quality of the property. It was not so large as to prove a financial liability, but was sufficiently commodious to prove the home of a millionaire. And besides, she had learnt from Mrs. Manderville that Trevick was the sole owner and dweller therein, which was a charming convenience, since superfluous relatives and hangers-on would not need to be dispatched. 
In short, Ravella found that Hurlevor Point met her hopes and expectations perfectly. As to its aesthetic or atmospheric attributes, however— its majestic gables, noble chimneys and salt-washed grey stones— she was perfectly indifferent.
Having investigated as much of the building as she could from the windows, she decided to explore the grounds further, to oversee her business interests as it were, and wandered around to the back of the house, which faced the seashore. The tide being out (though on the turn) had exposed a vast stretch of grey shingle, granite boulders and seaweed, all of which were so close to the house as to make her wonder how the proximity of the sea might endanger the real-estate value. So she picked her way through the drizzle to study the walls for any symptoms of subsidence, which would never do. 
However, while about this, she was continually aware of the noisy sea behind her, crunching and sluicing as it encroached; and the wind, beating up the breakers to a foam, only encouraged the uproar and brought the waves in with eager crashes, which she did not like. She shivered as she pursued her scrutiny, and could not ignore how like breathing the ocean sound was, a rasping, harsh breathing, sighing and hissing as the tide gathered up the shore, with a vague mist preceding it. There was a quality in the voice of the tide that drew in all other sounds, dulling them into the same dreary rhythm; and it was a rhythm that pressed on her mind persistently, always breathing in and never breathing out, and saying such things as only such a low and roaring voice can say, hoarse and hollering at once. 
Then it seemed she heard another voice in the swell, which she had heard before, inherent in the sea-sounds, speaking something familiar to undermine her, little by little, until she became so distracted by it that she turned suddenly around to find she had strayed from her intended path in the fog, and the sea was alarmingly upon her. She was looking about in confusion for the way she had come, when a great wave broke over a rock just by and soaked her to her senses. She scampered back inland, but in her path stumbled across a man lying prone in the shingle, his legs tangled in seaweed and his shoulders showing very white among the stones. 
In surprise she dropped down beside him, concluding he had been hurled out of the waves, some swimmer or such come to mischief. She threw back his head to roll him over and feel his heart, whereupon he coughed roughly, which reassured her. But then, what luck it was to push the black locks from his brow and find it was the very catch she intended: James Trevick.
On this discovery she swooped to renew her assistance, and brought him to life with all urgency, chafing his cheeks, beating his back to bring up the water and conjuring him to lean forward, use his limbs, come to himself —which, however, he did not, continuing in a daze, though he staggered to his feet with her persuasion. 
He swayed a little, and took some stumbling steps where she led him. He trembled, so she forsook her coat and wrapped it over him as they made a heavy journey back to the house.
Once there, Ravella took him upstairs and helped him onto a sofa, wrapping him in a throw for warmth, as the rooms were terribly cold. She ran about to find the means to procure some heating, during which exercise she hardly had time to inspect the interior of the property, since its owner, and key to her design, was currently of far more consequence. Finding some brandy, she knelt down at his side to rouse him from his sea-stupor with the application of spirits and encouragement in equal measures. 
At last, after some further coughing and shivering, the liquor produced the desired effect. He stirred, and, leaning back his head on the arm of the sofa, asked aloud: ‘What was I thinking?’
‘Not of drowning, I hope,’ suggested Ravella.
He held a hand to his face. ‘I’ve swum there all my life,’ he said, ‘and I’ve never once come to trouble. What’s the matter with me?’
But now, warming to his surroundings, he suddenly remembered himself, and turned, astonished, to Ravella (who sat meekly by). ‘You practically saved my life!’ he cried, and began upon a series of thanks, all the while amazed that he needed to be rescued at all, until it occurred to him to ask: ‘But who are you, what are you doing here?’
‘I came down with the rain,’ she said.
‘I can see, you’re soaking,’ he replied. ‘I’m so sorry about this, to have put you through it— but it’s lucky you were there, or I might have been dragged under. There’s a steep shelf—’ 
He trailed off, lost in looking at her face, as though it was from a dream. Ravella bashfully remembered her bedraggled state and averted her eyes, but he held out his fingers to prevent her turning, and asked curiously for her name.
‘Don’t you know me?’ she tried, looking full at him. 
He sighed and frowned. ‘Ravella?’
‘Am I so disappointing?’ 
He sighed again and shook his head. ‘You’ve just reminded me of everything.’ 
But then he sat up. ‘Has Clare sent you? Is she here?’
Ravella pressed another tumbler to his lips and returned evenly, ‘I haven’t seen Clare for ages. I’m here to visit a very dear old aunt of mine, and you can imagine my surprise to have you washed up at my feet, when I was only wandering through, looking for crabs. But what on earth were you doing out swimming on a day like this?’
He lay back again, resigned. ‘There’s an old ruin submerged just off the point, and I often used to go snorkelling there. I thought the cold water would do me good, start me out of my mood.’
‘What mood was it, that needed half-drowning to be rid of?’
He curled his lip into a grimace. ‘I’m trying to forget Clare. You see, we’re finished—’ Ravella nodded sympathetically— ‘ah, news travels fast. Well, I just don’t want to think about her anymore. I wanted to do something familiar, like I used to when I didn’t know her. That’s why I swam out to the ruin, to forget, to stop myself turning it all over. I’m sick and tired of love, Ravella.’
‘Very wise. But not sick of life, too, I hope?’ —at which he laughed.
‘I hope not! I was just careless, that’s all, and the sea’s not a place to be careless, at any time. I saw an open anemone nestled in one of the old fireplaces, with something glinting beside it, and swam down to look. There was a great mass of bladderwrack nearby, and it got tangled around my leg and held me down. I was out of breath by the time I pulled away, and even when I surfaced, the waves were rolling over me, so I couldn’t get a gasp of air without swallowing water.’ He smiled at her. ‘But I always survive somehow.’
Ravella smiled too. ‘But how will you survive your broken heart, I wonder?’
‘Oh, that’s easy. I’ll eat the pieces, and never love another woman again.’
‘That’s severe! Will you love a man instead, then? At least you’ve left yourself half the population.’ 
He laughed again, and seemed to be altogether heartier.
‘I don’t blame you, though,’ she continued. ‘We women are terrible, a plague upon men, haven’t you heard? Every one a pestilence on man’s head, you’re best off without us.’
Trevick smiled wryly, but was quick to ask: ‘And what about you, Ravella?’ 
She winked. ‘Oh, I’m the worst of them all.’
After this they chatted further, while he sat up and recovered his energy. A refreshing bout of Ravella’s lively company soon cleared his gloom and set him thinking that he was a better man than to sit about languishing. His pride (ever his keel) reasserted his sense of himself, and he resolved anew to dispatch Clare from his mind as much as he was able.
Since his recovery was now sufficiently complete to warrant a return of the common modes of hospitality, he stood up, and, covering his bare arms and chest with the throw, excused himself for not being a better host. But Ravella jumped to her feet as quickly and returned that she had been a worse guest for not leaving sooner; however, if he was well, she ought to set off.
‘Oh, I’m sorry,’ he said. ‘Well, but thank you again, Ravella.’ 
She smiled. ‘Be careful of the sea in future, and how you swim in it. You wouldn’t be the first to come to a bad end there.’
‘But I’ve come to a good end, after all.’
‘Yes, but you’re an exception. Only bad things come of the sea, in the main.’
‘I’ve never found that— no, I’ve always thought it to be a happy sea, all my life.’
‘You surprise me,’ she countered. ‘I myself have heard such terrible things, of wrecks and monsters, and drowned sailors coming ashore after years and years.’
Trevick glanced at her suspiciously. ‘Yes, I once wrote a poem about such a thing, I think. I remember Clare asked me to copy it out for her.’
‘Really?’ exclaimed the other, a touch too ingenuously. ‘I’d heard of it somewhere, too. I suppose it’s an old legend.’
He smiled to himself. ‘No, it was only a dream I had, Ravella, when I was young.’
Ravella, having trapped herself into pretending not to have read the poem, was obliged to feign, with: ‘Oh! How strange. Well, perhaps I’ve had a similar dream at some time— or maybe your coming out of the sea today put it into my head.’
‘But I’m not drowned, I’m glad to say,’ he replied. ‘Perhaps it will become a legend one day, who can tell? Until it does, though, you ought to revise your opinion of the sea. I could show you places along this coast where she’s as calm and lovely as a lake— and even here at the Point, when the weather’s better, there’s nothing brighter or more beautiful than a quiet sea.’
‘Well, when I see that, I’ll try to dread the sea a little less.’ 
And she said goodbye, leaving him with an inclination to help her, just as she suggested, by showing her a calmer ocean —which was of course the inclination she intended to foster.
As he watched her disappear down the path to the village, a great magpie swooped out of the woods, landed in her wake, and nodded three times; and of course, in the nursery rhyme, one is for sorrow where magpies are concerned. But unfortunately, Trevick did not appreciate this poetic insight into his fate, even as he gazed after his erstwhile guest, which only goes to show how often we pander to observe superstitions, but never think to profit by the fruits of them when they appear.
Ravella returned to her lodgings flushed with success, and gleefully imparted her day’s adventures to Mrs. Manderville, who doted on the entire narrative from end to end, laughed loudly at Ravella’s treatment of it, and generally flattered her on the genius of her stratagems. Yes, she knew well enough how to keep her lucrative guest sweet. 
At the first dwindling of dusk, the gin was brought out once more, and Mrs. Manderville imbibed to perfection, declaring that she intended to fully recount her losses of the night before. Duly the cards appeared again, and again, Ravella blithely plunged her attentive landlady into debt— and the further Mrs. Manderville sank into dissipation, the more loquacious she became, and the broader her accent.
‘Love!’ she cried, by way of a toast. ‘You young lovers, you’ve got it all, haven’t you?’
‘Have we?’ asked Ravella.
‘Yes, you have! Course you have, and you know it! Look at that James Trevick, what a man he is, aye? What a man!’ She bellowed a laugh. ‘If I were twenty years younger, my lover, you’d have competition, I can tell you that!’
‘I’ve no doubt of it,’ replied the other, winning another hand.
‘An’ he’s rich, too, bloody hell is he ever rich! Did you ever hear the like? He’s as rich as a— as a—’
‘A bank?’ suggested Ravella.
‘A skunk!’ declared Mrs. Manderville with a flourish. 
‘Oh no, that’s wrong,’ said her companion. ‘It’s drunk as a skunk.’
‘Drunk! I’ll have you know I can hold my drink better than you young whippet girlies! Drunk! You don’t know the meaning of the word skunk!’ —and she shot to her feet at the indignation of it, swayed alarmingly, and sat down again forcibly, breaking the arm off the chair.
‘Now look what you’ve done,’ tutted Ravella. ‘You’ll have to buy a new chair. And while you’re at it, a new table and service wouldn’t go amiss.’
But Mrs. Manderville wasn’t listening. ‘Do you hear what I say?’ she carolled. ‘If I was twenty years younger, I’d be—’
‘Forty?’ put in Ravella.
‘I’d be more than a match for you, madam!’ cried the landlady. ‘I’d have that man off you, I’d have him in my bed quicker than you could say—’
‘Barrage balloon?’ put in Ravella.
‘Barnacles?’ queried Mrs. Manderville, a little confused. ‘What are you saying to me? Where was I at? Oh that’s it, yes, well, I’d have him, you know, I’d have him and have him, if you get me, too, and his money! I’d show you a thing or two, my darlin’, and then some!’
‘I’ve no doubt about it,’ agreed Ravella, pouring another drink.
The matron then grew maudlin, and proclaimed: ‘I was a beauty once!’
‘Were you? What happened?’
‘Age, my lover, age!’ she warned, leaning over the table and trying to focus. ‘I used to have ’em all after me, you know! They used to sing a song about me, on the boats, to keep ’em warm, that’s how hot I was, twenty years since. Put you in the shade, girlie! But its gravity, in the end, though. Gravity gets you, and it’s all downhill from there!’
Ravella wagged her finger reproachfully. ‘You threw your beauty away! It was very careless.’
‘What’s that you say?’
‘Well if you were such a beauty, you should have used it to marry money and live happily ever after. What were you thinking of?’
‘I was in love!’ wailed Mrs. Manderville.
‘Woman’s ruin,’ interrupted Ravella, pouring more gin and stilting the affecting tale of romance that seemed sure to follow. ‘As I say, you were careless, and now look at you: sitting in rags on a broken chair, lamenting your losses.’
‘Rags! This was from the catalogue!’
‘What! The Salvation Army jumble sale, confess it! And to think that you could so easily be wealthy again.’
Mrs. Manderville swayed her head towards Ravella. ‘What’s that?’
‘Oh yes, it would be easy. If you’d only do as I suggest and invest a little in this place, you could soon be thriving.’
‘And where does all the money come from, aye? A sub from the Sally Army?’ she returned crossly.
‘I can loan you the money,’ said Ravella, and pushed her landlady’s losings back across the table to her. ‘What you’ve lost tonight I’ll lend you, at the merest slip of interest, to spend on investments and doing up the old place. And when it’s gotten to a fit standard, I’ll put the word about among my friends that this is the only seaside retreat— and my word is as good as a fashion, Mrs. Manderville, so you’ll be made in no time.’
Mrs. Manderville had agreed to everything before she knew where she was, and so sank still more shockingly into debt to Ravella, who secured herself a comfortable little purchase on Mrs. Manderville’s overdraft, two loans and a remortgage. Indeed, Ravella felt that she had handled her financial concerns so happily that she need have no apprehensions about how long it might take to secure James Trevick’s capital; in fact she went out directly the next day and bought herself a new wardrobe and shoes.
This moral scene has been included for two reasons: firstly, to demonstrate the evils of drink (the chief evil being, what dreadful bores drunk people tend to be), but secondly, to highlight how carelessly Ravella’s stratagems tended to escalate into catastrophes for everyone else. What were games and ploys to her, were tendant to dire consequences for her victims. And these consequences were as often emotional as financial, for though James Trevick found himself forsaking his broken heart in record time, Clare Belmont was altogether more unhappy, having been the more attached of the couple all along. Now she found herself, not only stranded and alone, but fairly at the mercy of Guy Laurence, who had not forgotten Ravella’s prompting, and daily reinforced his suit towards Clare with whatever means he could conjure. 
Ravella, it seems, was quite distressed about her dear friend’s predicament, and actually tried to sound so when Clare called her in despair. 
The chorus of woe ran down the telephone thus: ‘Oh Ravella! I can’t believe he’s gone! Why won’t he forgive me? I’d forgive him tomorrow, in a moment! We could be so happy together! If he asked me, I’d go back to him at once —I can’t bear to be without him! How did this happen? We could be so happy! Why did this happen, why, why, why—?’
‘I can’t imagine, Clare,’ answered Ravella. ‘Oh dear, I foresee that my dear aunt is about to choke on a fish bone, I must go— try not to think about James too much, goodbye—’ (Click.)
Clare had of course expressed surprise to discover that Ravella was staying in Hurlevor, and so close to Trevick’s home, but Ravella had expressed equal surprise at the coincidence, and reassured her friend that, if she should have the misfortune to run into that less-than-gentle-man, she would make certain to cut him cold for the pain he had caused.
However, as it happened, Ravella found that this promise slipped her mind on the several occasions when she did happen to encounter Trevick about the village; and so far did she forget it that a familiar acquaintanceship sprang up between them, a very burgeoning friendship. This culminated one fine sunny day when he offered to take her up to Hurlevor Point to have a view of the sea. He assured her that it was as calm as a millpond and breathtakingly blue that day, so Ravella was pleased to accept his invitation.
As always happens when the sun shines, the memory of the dour skies that preceded it was driven from their minds, and they wandered up to Hurlevor Point together marvelling at the refreshing change in the air, the clarity of the gentle salt breezes, the blithe existence of seagulls, and the quantity of cow-parsley in the hedgerows. They came to the shore in deep conference, and Trevick gently drew her attention to the water, which dappled the pebbles tranquilly. 
‘What do you think of the sea now?’ he asked. ‘It’s hard to even imagine how rough it looked when you found me here.’
Ravella smiled in sympathy and confessed she would have to make friends with the ocean after all, if she could.
Her companion surveyed the horizon, broken as it was by jagged stacks of rock, with his habitual stern expression, and she took a sly opportunity to study his impressive profile and dark eyes. They were eyes, she concluded, habituated to contemplating deep and complex matters, and it seemed to her that poets must think altogether so often, that the thoughts must vex them to distraction eventually. She comforted herself that her own thinking was concise and straight to the point; she tended to shy away from what he would probably find inspirational, because she did not care to dabble with concepts whose outcomes she could not determine personally. However, we often find that we do not always have things our own way, as you shall hear.
Now Trevick interrupted his reverie and said: ‘Ravella, let me show you something.’ 
He led her up a short rise onto a sort of rocky promontory, from which vantage they could overlook the whole vista of the headland, and beyond it, the village and cove. He drew close and pointed out over the water, breathing to her to look carefully, which she did, and saw only the green currents weaving amongst the blue, rippling over the surface. She asked what she was supposed to be looking at, but he hushed her, and bid her wait a moment— and in that moment a fat white cloud idly passing across the sun changed the light imperceptibly, and now the waves appeared to run clear, and uncover beneath them a tracery of darker green, shimmering on the sea bed, a very garden of patterned foliage under the water, forming a broad square maze. This, it seems, was an image of ancient walls, clothed in weeds, the foundations of a mansion laid out beneath the sea. 
‘That’s where I was swimming when I got into trouble. There are all manner of weird fishes and plants out there. The ruins shelter them, like a reef.’
‘I think I’ve heard something about that house,’ said Ravella. ‘I believe I share a room with a certain cavalier who was in love with the late owner of it.’
‘She had plenty of cavaliers in love with her, if the legends are true,’ smiled Trevick. ‘She was reputedly the most beautiful lady in England.’
‘She was very fortunate!’
‘They say she made her own fortune. She married the lord of that manor, who was old and rich, and soon died, which put her in a happy situation enough.’
‘Very enterprising.’
He laughed and went on. ‘Yes, but she soon frittered away her inheritance on loose living— and looser men, like your ghostly roommate. She had plenty of admirers, though, so she just married another rich one and moved him into Hurlevor Point. But he went off to sea, and was away in the Americas for seven years before a report came back that he was wrecked on his way home, and drowned.’
‘So she inherited again?’ asked Ravella, taken up with the tale.
‘Of course she did— and squandered all that, too, without doubt. So, she tried the same trick over, and married, and was widowed a third time.’
‘The merry widow indeed! But what did the third one die of? And was he rich?’
‘The richest of the lot! He went the same way as the second one, and the first too, for that matter— yes, they all drowned at sea, apparently. And my Lady Trevick was left very well off, you can be sure.’
‘A successful career!’ commended Ravella, looking out at the submerged ruins with a kind of awe.
Trevick half-smiled, and murmured: ‘Oh, but she came to a bad end.’
‘Did she? I’m sure she was much too clever for that.’
‘Cleverness had nothing to do with it,’ countered Trevick. ‘Fate took a hand.’
‘Fate!’
‘Fate,’ he affirmed. ‘You see, this last husband had a sister who loved her brother dearly, and after he was reported dead she had a dream that his ghost came into her bedroom, drew back the curtains of her bed and announced in a hollow voice that he had been murdered by his wife! Well of course this sister went into fits, and told everybody who would listen what she’d seen— and since Lady Trevick was never much liked, public opinion got up against her. A party gathered together and stormed up here demanding to search the house, which they did, bursting open every door of every single room. There were seven hundred rooms by all accounts, but three doors were sealed up, so they were broken down, and inside each were discovered the bodies of her three husbands, with their throats cut.’
Ravella was appalled. ‘Well, but did she escape?’
‘Oh, no,’ said he, ‘because the devil came and dragged her screaming down into the sea, and the house with her, which is the legend of how it comes to be offshore now, under the water.’
Ravella shuddered, and eyed the waves warily. ‘What a pretty fairytale! I knew I dreaded the sea for a reason. What bad ends come of it!’
Trevick laughed and thoughtlessly put his arm around her shoulders. ‘Don’t tell me I’ve undone all my good work already? There’s nothing bad about the sea really, only the things we associate with it. You see, I always link the shoreline here with happy days. This is where I learned to swim as a child, and to sail off the point, and to dive out at the ruin. They’re all fond memories. The sea is what you make of it.’
Ravella frowned. She was caught up in contemplating just one of those mysteries that she usually shunned when they hovered near; but perhaps it was about time she addressed these vexing matters. ‘Yes,’ she said, ‘you’re right. It’s no good me dreading the sea, when I could make him into my ally after all.’ —and she took a resolution, then and there, that she would never suffer herself to be caught out by ghosts, sisters, rabbles or the devil himself, at any time.
Now turning to Trevick, she said they would both have the sea as their escape in future. 
‘Escape?’ he asked. 
‘Yes, from unwanted thoughts.’ She began to pick her way down the slope to the beach again, mentioning casually over her shoulder: ‘I heard from Clare the other day,’ because she knew exactly where she wanted his thoughts to be.
He frowned at the uncalled-for remembrance, and did not reply or follow her.
Ravella blithely continued. ‘She seems content enough with Guy Laurence. I hope he makes her happy.’
Trevick brooded further, and folded his arms. Ravella, having reached the shingle, looked up at him and laughed. 
‘I’m being impertinent,’ she said, ‘so while I’m about it, can I ask an impertinent question?’
‘Do you usually need permission?’
‘No, but it usually obliges a reply. The question is this: has the sea mended your broken heart yet?’ 
He smiled grimly. ‘You were never in love, were you, Ravella?’
‘Oh ho! Why do you say that?’
‘Because you’re too blunt. You don’t know what it’s like to have your moods changed against your will— or at least, you don’t remember.’ He made his way down towards her.
‘I’ll have to treat you with kid gloves, then,’ she said, ‘if you’re still so sore and sensitive.’
‘I didn’t say I was— I only said that you are too blunt. But perhaps you have been in love, and you’ve learned to hide it well.’
‘Perhaps I have.’
‘I wonder what you’re like in love?’
She considered. ‘Dizzy, I suppose,’ she decided.
‘But you’re dizzying now!’ he laughed. ‘You dizzy me!’
‘That says more about you being in love than me,’ she told him, ‘with Clare.’
‘Am I!’ he replied, and pursued her as she stepped off to the water’s edge. ‘So if I’m in love, as you say, what am I feeling?’
‘However would I know?’
‘You told me that love is dizzy, and I’m dizzy— so tell me what else I’m feeling.’
‘It’s not for me to say.’
‘Do you mean you don’t know? You’ve never been in love?’
She turned her head aside.
‘Then you don’t remember,’ he pressed.
‘Oh, I remember,’ she began, and was about to continue, but, looking out over the waves, was distracted, and remained silent. Maybe she recalled a time, longsince passed, when a man carried her in his arms and the air was full of bells; or times when they would go looking for shells on the wet rocks in hot stormy weather; or when the moon shone red and the corn-stubble hurt their feet; or when she watched his cloudy breath while they stood on a jetty —but then, maybe her mind wandered on none of these things, and she merely feigned contemplation while she gazed at the foam trickling amongst the pebbles. Coming to herself, she noticed Trevick standing very near, watching her face, and glanced at him slyly.
He said quietly: ‘So you have been in love before, and you remember all about it. But I wonder whether, having loved once, it’s possible to love again?’ He gazed at her earnestly.
‘I can’t tell,’ she answered, with an ingenuous look. ‘Could you ever love again, after Clare?’
He paused, and regarded her a moment. ‘I think so,’ he said, and awaited her response, which, not being forthcoming, prompted him to ask: ‘And what about you, Ravella?’
‘I was never in love with Clare.’
‘Oh, don’t laugh at me!’ he complained. ‘Tell me, do you think you could fall in love again?’
But she dodged him with: ‘Oh, my aunt will be worrying about me,’ —and attempted to slip by, but he caught her arm and pulled her near.
‘Well?’
‘Well,’ she smiled archly, ‘we shall see, shan’t we?’ —and with that she darted away, leaving him to chew over the exchange on his own.
This romantic episode buoyed up Ravella’s expectations no end, and she fairly skipped back to Mrs. Manderville’s guesthouse in a jubilee. 
‘Goodness me!’ cried that lady on seeing her. ‘Who’s had some success today, then?’
‘I have, I have!’ she rejoined, dancing around the kitchen. ‘My hook is in his mouth, the bait is swallowed— one tug and I’ll land him, just see if I don’t!’
‘And what will you do with him then?’
‘What a question! He’s a millionaire, isn’t he?’
‘I didn’t ask what you’ll do with his money,’ she returned. ‘I said, what will you do with him?’
‘Oh, as to that,’ Ravella replied carelessly, ‘I’ll make him happy.’ A mischievous glint sparkled in her eye. ‘I’ll kill him with happiness,’ —with which she went upstairs to plan her final tug.
During her sojourn in Hurlevor, Ravella had become friendly with some leading members of the parish hunt, whose maligned collective were only too pleased to avail themselves of a listening ear, into which they could pour the history of their woes, namely, how their sport had fallen so terribly out of fashion. They regaled her with details of lurid placards, expensive court cases, jeering youths frighting the horses and mothers throwing their children under the hooves by way of protest. Ravella listened so adroitly to all of this that she was soon looked upon as a first-rate supporter of the sporting cause, though in truth she had never once opened her mouth to give an opinion on the topic.
However, she now decided to use this newly formed connexion as the instrument of her conquest of Trevick. She began to occupy herself with the hunt more and more often, to the exclusion of time she might otherwise, perhaps, have spent with him, and this denied him the hoped-for opportunity of reprising those interesting subjects that had sprung up in conversation before. Thus she kept him in intrigued suspense, for although she contrived to accidentally encounter him almost daily, it always happened that she was late for something, and could not stay. But it is a subtle exercise to generate want by denial, because if the denial continues too long, then the wanting turns bitter, and unprofitable— and it would never do for Trevick to tire of chasing after her. So she looked out for an opportunity to really secure him, force him to declare love outright, and thus attach himself to her utterly.
As it happened, the hunt also provided this opportunity. Trevick had mentioned, while eagerly attempting to secure another interview, that he did not approve of fox hunting because of its barbarity. This was a boon to Ravella, who saw that to vex him by crossing his opinions would only make him more anxious to change hers. 
One day she encountered Mr. Bull, the leader of the Hurlevor Hunt, a bluff and hearty man who regaled her with: ‘Well it’s no good, is it, my lass? No good at all!’ in the broadest tones.
‘What’s that?’ said Ravella.
‘Damn foxes’ve all buggered off, ’aven’t they? Shafts our meetin’ this weekend though, dunnit? Pretty buggered, I’d say!’ 
His colourful assessment of the situation was true enough. Perhaps the foxes of the neighbourhood were every part as wily as their reputation suggested, and had forsaken the groves and hedgerows of Hurlevor for the far more enticing luxuries of the dustbins and rubbish tips of the city; or perhaps the wildlife in the area was generally depleted by the farmers’ use of badger-poisons and pesticides; whatever it was, the result was the same, that Mr. Bull was at a loss to find anything to hunt, though the horses and hounds were as primed as could be.
‘I guess,’ he sighed, ‘it’ll have to be a drag, again.’
‘Oh no,’ said Ravella, ‘I’m sure you’ll still have a bracing time of it.’
‘What’s that you say, my lover?’ he returned, misunderstanding her misunderstanding. ‘I mean drag-hunt, don’t I? Buggerin’ pointless though, if you ask me.’ 
This expedient, a sack of aniseed or somesuch dragged across the countryside for a scent in lieu of genuine vermin, was often employed in the absence of decent game, or to appease protestors.
When he explained this to her, Ravella hit upon a plan, and mused aloud: ‘Oh dear, it must be terribly trying for you, to be always finding new courses to drag the sack along?’
‘Bloody right it is! If you’re not careful, you end up with the same buggerin’ chase every time, ’specially round ’ere with that milord Trevick owning everything you see, or buying it up as soon as you so much as look at it. An’ he won’t have us on his land, see? Miserable bugger as he is.’
‘Oh! Well,’ replied Ravella brightly, ‘if that’s all it is, there’s nothing in it! James Trevick and me are like two peas in a pod, and I’m sure he’ll be delighted to help me out, even if not you.’
‘Really?’ said Mr. Bull. ‘And how might that be?’
Ravella linked her arm in his. ‘If you would be so sweet as to let me join the meeting, just this once, and lend me your fine gelding Luca and some tackle, then I’m sure I could prevail upon milord Trevick to let us take the drag hunt over his land, even up to his front door, if I was of the party.’
‘I bet you could, too, you little darlin’ you! I reckon you’ve got him right where you want him, ’aven’t you? Well you can have what you like, my lover, just give me the nod, like.’ —and here he fixed his ruddy eye upon her damask cheeks with a new fervour. He was a man who knew a fit little filly when he saw one. 
Ravella certainly hoped that she did have Trevick where she wanted him, and determined to try her power that very weekend. Of course she did not ask his permission, but blithely gave instructions for the course to be laid all the way up to Hurlevor Point itself. 
In the early hours of the following Sunday morning the hunt met beneath overcast skies and drizzle. Summer, contrary to expectations, had not bloomed and blown into rosy heat, but had chilled in the bud and taken mildew; the gloomiest July had led onto a grey August. Nevertheless, Mr. Bull’s blood was up, the horses stamped and snorted, the hounds bayed, ran about and whelped with excitement, and everybody chatted and nodded and complained about this and that (as everybody feels comfortable in a crowd, when complaining) and a few straggling protestors turned out for form’s sake.
Ravella appeared, bewitching in her pinks and astride the handsome chestnut Luca, handy with her crop. Mr. Bull whistled low, spat, sucked in his gut and trotted over.
‘That’s an ’appy horse, lass,’ he hallooed her, ‘with you astride him.’
‘I’m sure,’ said Ravella. ‘Good morning.’
‘Would you like to blow my horn, my lover?’ he enquired next.
‘I beg your pardon?’ she asked, dismayed, and he produced the brass instrument.
‘Get them pretty lips of yours round that,’ he suggested, with a wink, and proffered it. 
Ravella accepted her fate and performed the office, resigned to suffer these subtle advances all morning.
‘That was a good ’un!’ he congratulated her, and the pack set off on the trail, the horses cantering behind.
The hounds clamouring and horses stamping made a bright spectacle of the hunt on such an otherwise indifferent day, and the refreshing exercise made them a jolly crowd— though the lack of a definite quarry tended to diffuse any urgency. This did not annoy Ravella, however, since she had a quarry indeed; but her companion did not stint to voice his grumbles, in between a volley of flirtatious noises.
They followed the trail, and the speed increased as the dogs ran ahead. They nipped in at the gate to Hurlevor Point, chasing through the woods eagerly. The horses bounded behind, taking the hedges easily and cantering up the drive, across the lawn. 
Ravella spied the house and smiled. 
Bull said: ‘This is rare going, you managed it good and proper my darlin’!’ as he skidded through a flowerbed.
The hunt thundered on, up to the very windows of the old house, at one of which appeared a surprised face, and then, shortly, an outraged figure at the door, pulling on his shirt— James Trevick ran out in alarm to be immediately swamped by noses and tongues and wagging tails. Shouting at the riders in a passion and waving his arms he drove them on, with invectives against their audacity, which the huntsmen took to be a most uncouth display. Three mares galloped past him and hared away up the coast path, shooing the pack along, and then the bulk of the rout hurried behind and veered to the housefront.
‘What the hell do you think you’re doing?’ yelled the owner, with other, more colourful phrases, ‘Get off my land!’ and ‘Get out!’ the tamer among them.
‘Tight-fisted bastard,’ commented Bull, ‘changing his mind and thinking we’ll all jump to his tune! What’s he at, aye? What’s he reckon he’s doing?’ —and he turned to Ravella for a confirmation of his opinion, but her horse Luca suddenly seemed to shy as she was about to speak. Trevick spotted her and ran over, frowning; the gelding reared, snorted, bucked, and Ravella dropped like a stone from the saddle.
Trevick cried out, appalled, and reaching her, fell to her side. She did not move. Bull waved his arm at the others approaching. 
‘She’s thrown, the lass is thrown,’ he called, and caught Luca’s rein.
Ravella was still. Trevick patted her face to no avail.
‘What’s the matter with her? Stunned?’ asked Bull, circling them. The other ignored him, and pulled back Ravella’s eyelid, whereon she stirred a little, and seemed to revive.
‘Are you hurt?’ he asked urgently. ‘Can you feel any pain?’
She shook her head a little, groggily; he loosened her helmet.
‘What you doing, man?’ started Bull. ‘Leave her be!’
‘Fetch the doctor, one of you!’ ordered Trevick by way of reply.
Ravella raised her hand vaguely. 
‘She’s fine, see?’ retorted Bull. ‘Brave girl as she is! What, reckon she’s had harder knocks than that before now! How’s your head, then, my little lover?’ he cooed from the saddle.
She tried to rise, but swayed uncertainly. Trevick assisted her. 
‘Come on,’ he said, ‘I’ll take you inside and ring for help, if none of these fine horsemen can be bothered to go.’
Mr. Bull, seeing his chance of a becoming gallantry in jeopardy, took affront and immediately insisted that, as hunt leader, he was personally responsible for her welfare.
‘Well then, as hunt leader,’ returned Trevick, full of wrath, ‘you can also be responsible for getting this goddamn circus off my land!’
This nettled Bull, who handed the reins to another and jumped down to pursue the retreating Trevick and his ward. 
‘What’s this nonsense all about, then?’ he demanded generally, and then, to Ravella: ‘You don’t want to be going in with him, my lover, you’d do better off staying with us! At least your friends know how to have a laugh!’ He pursued them indoors.
Trevick settled Ravella on a hallway bench and turned around sharply. ‘I don’t think much of your “laughs.” At least she has one friend who’s prepared to look after her when she’s hurt!’
‘What?’ cried Bull. ‘You’re too high on yourself, that’s all you are! She don’t need none of your help, and that’s a fact. Do you, my pretty ’un?’
‘I suppose you’re leaving?’ said Trevick surlily, with a scowl. 
The two men squared up to one another. 
‘You know what’s wrong with you?’ said Bull. ‘You’re full of it, that’s what! You reckon with your bit of money every sod’s gonna kow-tow, but I won’t, see? Now, what you got to say about that, aye? And what’s more, that lass won’t, neither. She don’t need your kind muscling in!’ 
‘And you think she wants yours any better?’
‘Me and her’s as thick as you like,’ asserted Bull then. ‘And that being so, I reckon I know how to look after her better than some young brachet with more money than balls!’
Trevick’s lip curled contemptuously, while his interlocutor, presuming that his last shot had decided the battle, regaled Ravella to join him. 
‘You just come along with me, I’ll show you how a real gentleman should treat you.’ He tugged on her arm, which she snatched weakly away.
‘Leave her alone!’ commanded Trevick then, moving between them.
‘What, there’s nothing wrong with her! I saw her come off, didn’t I? She didn’t come to no harm— like an acrobat, she was!’ —at which assertion Ravella gave a languid sigh, and that signal of distress sent Trevick the short distance to the end of his tether. He took Bull by the collar, kicked him out of doors, and, with the threat of further manhandling, drove the poor fellow out of his sight.
Hurrying back to Ravella, he knelt down beside her and asked how she felt. She smiled and gently answered: ‘Rescued.’
‘I’m glad I only had to rescue you from John Bull, though,’ he said seriously. ‘Ravella, when you came off that horse and didn’t get up— God, I thought— I feared the worst.’
At these words Ravella took his hand in hers and said: ‘Thank you.’ 
‘What for?’
‘For your concern.’
Trevick started to his feet. ‘My concern! Ravella, you say it as though I were some stranger, just passing by! I hope you know it was more than common concern I felt.’ 
But he stopped, as she gazed on him with enormous, bright eyes. 
A tender smile touched his lips. ‘Can you guess what I felt?’ he asked her. ‘Do you know what I feel?’
‘I failed mind-reading at school,’ she replied, ‘but I hope we’re friends, James.’
He turned away abruptly with a frown. ‘Yes, yes,’ he said impatiently, ‘friends, but— Ravella, Ravella! What am I supposed to make of you?’
She smiled. ‘That’s easy. I’m refreshing. Whenever somebody wants to say something about me, they usually say I’m (with a pause) refreshing.’
Trevick shook his head vigorously. ‘No, these somebodies are wrong, you’re not refreshing, Ravella, you’re the reverse, you’re— you’re stifling.’
‘Oh!’ said Ravella, a little put out.
‘No, I mean intoxicating,’ he argued. ‘You— you get into my breath, I’m always breathing in Ravella.’ 
He watched her earnestly, hoping she would understand him, but she gave him no openings; he must bring himself out.
He knelt down again. ‘Were you hurt when you fell?’ he probed.
She was guarded by an inscrutable, serene expression. ‘I’m feeling much better,’ she said.
He was thwarted by that, and began again. ‘I should tell you, Ravella, I want to tell you— about— what I think— what I feel.’
She stared back impassively. 
He reiterated: ‘What I feel— what I feel about Clare.’
‘About Clare!’ started Ravella, in spite of her poise.
He nodded. ‘Yes, what I feel about Clare. What I feel about her, Ravella, is— different.’
She interrupted him. ‘I think you should discuss your feelings about Clare with Clare herself.’
‘Yes, yes I will,’ he said. ‘I mean to speak to her. But I also have to speak to you, Ravella, because, as I say, what I feel about her— felt about her— is different to what I feel about you.’
She regarded him coolly. ‘Is it? Well, that isn’t surprising, James. You were in love with Clare, after all.’
‘Was I?’
‘You were thinking of marrying her.’
‘I was— but this is what I’m trying to tell you: it’s all different, I’m all upended. I’m not the same as I used to be.’
He watched for some flicker of response, doubting whether he would find it. Ravella did not speak.
He jumped up. ‘I can’t explain it to you,’ he told her, running his hand through his hair. ‘Wait a moment.’ He darted upstairs, and almost immediately returned. ‘Will you read this?’
Ravella took the paper, half unfolded it, saw verse lines, and dropped it. ‘A poem!’ she said, standing. ‘Oh, no, I never could read them. I suppose it’s all mermen dragging up the seaweed, and mermaids luring ships onto the rocks.’
‘No, it isn’t,’ he said urgently, picking it up and handing it again. ‘I can’t explain any other way— please read it.’
Ravella looked at his anxious face and smiled inwardly. ‘I wonder what it says?’ she mused, as she re-folded the paper gingerly into his palm. ‘I wonder if you can tell me yourself, James?’ —and with that, she left him.
But as she closed the front door, he instantly opened it again and called in her wake: ‘I’ll come round tonight— I’ll come round, I’ll tell you!’
She turned and nodded, and then proceeded back to Mrs. Manderville’s with the very taste of victory on her lips.
As soon as she arrived at the guesthouse, she cried out: ‘Mrs. Manderville! Quickly! Run me a bath, bring my vanity case and pull out the black Chanel— I have to look astonishing!’
‘Lor’, whatever’s the matter?’ returned the landlady, caught up in the drama. ‘You been kissing frogs, Miss?’
‘And getting princes, too,’ replied Ravella. ‘Now what about my varnishes, where have I left them? A French polish will do better than colours, men always think it’s natural.’ —and she ran to her room to rummage over the dressing table.
Mrs. Manderville panted up after her. ‘What’s going on, though? All this fuss’s not for nothing— I reckon you’ve got that man of yours, haven’t you?’
‘Of course I have!’ she declared. ‘He’s coming here later to tell me all about it, how he never understood love until he met me, how he’s never felt this way before, how he’ll die if he can’t have me, et cetera, et cetera!’
‘You’re very sure of it.’
‘Oh, I’ve heard it all before— and poet or no poet, it’s amazing how every man sounds the same when he’s fallen in love.’
Mrs. Manderville folded her arms. ‘You want to be careful, my darlin’, in case you mistake him. I’ve found you always think you know where you are with a man, but when it comes to it, you can’t rely on him, nor trust him.’
‘Nonsense!’ Ravella pouted. ‘It only takes him coming over here and he’ll love me— and from that it’s a small jump to a wedding, and then, of course, the game’s up. You’d be surprised how gullible people are, in the main.’
‘Well I don’t hold by that, Miss. It’s true some folks are gullible enough, but for the rest of us, well, it just don’t follow. Oh, by the way, what have you noticed that’s different? The new bed! Nice, ain’t it? I’ve had new beds ordered for all the rooms, see, on credit.’
‘You’re an astute woman, Mrs. Manderville,’ said Ravella, smiling, ‘and it’s a lovely bed. Priceless.’
Now she began to apply herself to the exquisite mysteries of her toilet, and in this occupation absorbed herself entirely. Meantime, her landlady went about to fasten up the windows, as a cold wind was stealing in off the water and the waves had grown choppy. Dusk fell early, whereupon she switched on the porch light to guide the path of the anticipated guest. 
At last Ravella descended, smouldered into the front parlour and cast a blazing glance around. 
Mrs. Manderville threw up her hands. ‘Well I never! If he didn’t love you before, my dear, he certainly will now!’ 
‘Of course he will, it’s what I intend. Now, how about a drink then, my good Mrs. M? No, though— I’ll do without, I’ll wait awhile —but then he might come— no, fetch me a gin and tonic.’ 
With this deliberation she sat down to await his arrival, the hinge of all her designs. She expected him every moment, certain of his eagerness, and supposed every rattle of the door, induced by the wind, to be his knock, every roll of the breakers to be bringing him nearer.
‘Well,’ said Mrs. Manderville, who had already put away half a bottle and was feeling rosy, ‘he’s certainly taking his time!’
‘Give him leave to practice what he’s going to say,’ snapped Ravella. ‘He doesn’t want to put a foot wrong for fear of offending me.’
‘It’s stirring up pretty rough tonight, though. I don’t suppose he’ll come.’
‘He can’t help it!’ she asserted. ‘Listen! That’s his step now. You go let him in, and he can surprise me here reading. Don’t let him smell your breath— be quick, he’s knocking— no, don’t answer too quickly, let him wait— what are you waiting for?’
James Trevick it was. He appeared stern and purposeful, his dark locks tossed by the wind, his eyes passionate and intense. Mrs. Manderville’s heart took a flutter just seeing him, and she obeyed meekly when he desired to see Ravella.
‘Oh! James,’ Ravella said, looking up from a newspaper. ‘So you did come after all. Thank you, Mrs. Manderville.’ 
The ogling landlady closed the door.
‘Would you like to—’ she resumed, but he cut in.
‘I’ve come here for a reason, Ravella.’
‘Oh yes,’ she replied, impressed by his fervent manner. ‘It seems you’re very eager about it.’
‘Very eager,’ he agreed in a low voice, scrutinising her face. 
Ravella felt a little conscious of his avid attention, and sauntered over to the mantelpiece to evade it; but his intense look betrayed his deep emotion, and she thrilled at her conquest.
‘What is it you have to say?’ she asked gently, taking up a small clock and turning the minute hand with her fingertip. ‘I suppose you’ve come to tell me—’
‘I’ve come to tell you how much I hate and resent you, Ravella!’ 
She gasped and turned, dropping the clock, which smashed on the grate. He advanced towards her vehemently.
‘And in case you mean to mistake me,’ he said, ‘I repeat hate and resent. Don’t speak to me,’ he warned, as she attempted to reply. ‘I don’t want to hear anything more from you— any more lies, any more half-truths, anything at all. I know what you are, Ravella— I’ve caught you out. I know what you’ve done, and what you’ve tried to do— and I detest it, and I detest you.’
He pressed his face close to hers, and, appalled, she tried to dart away, but he caught her arm and yanked her back.
‘No, you’re not going, not until you’ve heard me! I say I know what you are, and I’m going to tell you to your face. I’ve spoken to Clare— I spoke to her today for the first time since we broke up. I wanted to apologise for what’s happened between us, make amends with the past, because I thought— God! I thought I was in love with you! But I’m not blind or stupid enough not to think about what she said to me, how she blamed herself, and how you acted in it all. Oh, she was taken in, and still is, but I could see through it, I could see how you split us up, Ravella, made us both miserable, out of pure spite. And then I began thinking about how you’ve led me on, how you happened to meet me in Hurlevor, how you’ve contrived to make me like you, to make me love you. Well, I had my suspicions, and they’re all confirmed. You’re poisonous, Ravella, and loving you would be taking the poison. You’re a vicious little fortune-hunter with a heart of brass and the mind of a sphinx— I’m sure you congratulated yourself on my coming here and telling you I love you, and laughing all the way to the bank— but it won’t happen— I’ve found you out, and you’re finished!’
Breathless, she reeled back from him, and managed to stutter: ‘Can’t I even defend myself?’
‘Defend!’ he raged. ‘Defend what you’ve done? How could you defend it, to Clare, to me? Don’t you think I wanted to love you, don’t you think it hurts me? Don’t you even care? I thought that what I felt for Clare was false, because what I felt for you was stronger and more changing— but she is true and you are false, and all I’m left with is a lie!’
‘But what about Clare,’ gasped Ravella, ‘she’s mistaken— you’re mistaken—’
‘You can’t argue your way out of it!’ he bellowed. ‘It’s lies feeding on lies, you know it is! Look at you there, with your made-up face and your smart clothes— you’re just a lie!’ 
He made a dismissive gesture with his hand, which caught the comb in her hair, knocked it free and unbound her studied coiffure. With that contemptuous sign he quit the room, leaving Ravella stunned at the devastation of all her plans. She sank to the floor in a stupor.
Mrs. Manderville rushed in immediately on his leaving and dropped down beside her. ‘What is it? What is it?’ she clamoured, though really she had heard it all at the door.
Ravella started up wildly and yanked at her dishevelled hair. ‘I’m caught! I’m blocked! I’m ruined! Fetch me the gin!’ —screamed in a hysterical tone that brooked no refusal.
The wind had stoked up very high and the waves were crashing heavily against the quay— it was a fretful night without and a fretful night within. Ravella gnashed and ground her teeth, and was only partially soothed by the restorative spirit, and that in vast quantities. The hour grew late before her ire diminished to coherence.
Mrs. Manderville attempted to console her. ‘Don’t take it so hard, my darlin’, he didn’t mean all he said.’
‘What? Did you hear him? Did you hear what he called me? A lie! A liar! Well, why should I deny it? The noblest form of communication! Society lives on lies, and he’s as bad as me, as bad as anyone. Poet? Hah! Liar!’
Ravella paced the room like a tigress caged, swigging from the bottle, her hair streaming wildly down her back and her eyes glancing confusedly about.
‘A sphinx, he called me! I wish I were, so I wouldn’t have been cornered by the likes of him! How could he attack me like that? Where was my tongue? What could I say? What have I done— butchered his mother and slept with his father? A little self-interest, that’s all— I wasn’t born with a silver spoon in my mouth! He wouldn’t even hear me— he doesn’t know me, or how I feel in the matter— I’d have made him happier than he knows, and it’s all thrown away on a scruple!’
‘He didn’t want to hear you, my love,’ put in Mrs. Manderville. ‘He’s afraid of you. I’ll wager he’s all bluff, and really he hopes you love him. He wanted to teach you a lesson.’
‘He said I have a heart of brass!’ cried Ravella. ‘What kind of rubbish is that? My heart’s as much muscle as anyone’s! It’s too harsh— I still remember how to feel, and he’s stung me sharp enough. A fortune hunter! Well, but at least I have a talent, an ambition— I don’t waste my days hammering out miserable rhymes!’
‘Dry your eyes, now. He’s not worth your tears, and nor’s his money, since he must come with it.’
‘Poison, he said! I’ll give him poison! A strychnine cocktail, and see how he fares on that! Hates and resents me, does he? How have I deserved hate? Hate! When I’ve made him happy! And isn’t a world of happiness worth a little pocket money in return? I would have listened to him, talked to him, cared for him, amused him, laughed at his jokes, soothed his hurts, bolstered his ego, doted on his paltry poetry— oh, I know all the tricks, don’t I? But that’s not enough for him, he wants all this and nothing in return— the pattern of a man! But what else could I give, what could I promise? And all for what? Hatred! Resentment!’
‘Now, now, don’t fret— and nevermind what he says about hating. I don’t reckon that’s worth the breath he said it with, for all his bellowing. I may not be so sharp as you, my lover, but I’ll tell you this, I’ve lived longer, and I’ve seen enough of men in my time to know that they only ever hate what they’re afraid of, or what they can’t have— anything above that, and they’re just too lazy for it. I’ll bet he’s no different. He says hate loud enough, oh, and resentment too, but it’s because he’s afraid of you, my dear. He’s head over in love with you, and that’s a fact, though he says hate to hide it. He loves you, but he’s gotten a bad opinion of you, so he’s afraid of who he’s in love with, and reckons he can’t do with you anymore. But the truth is, he can’t do without you, my lover, so he rattles on about hate because he knows if he doesn’t, he’ll be rattling on about love instead. I suppose resentment is true enough, but only that he resents loving you too much.’
Ravella looked up in a kind of wonder at these words, but just then, in a roar of the gale, as a heavy breaker crashed against the harbour-stones, there came a decided knock upon the front door, a heavy rapping that demanded attention.
The women froze.
‘Who is it?’ cried Ravella, in a voice of awe. ‘Who would come out in that storm?’ Her mind, upset already, began to race on ghosts and fairytales, and the devil coming out of the sea.
The knock repeated— the suppliant persisted still.
‘Oh! I’ve no doubt it’s your Mr. Trevick again!’ declared Mrs. Manderville, ‘come back with his apologies, and all about how he’s been eating his heart with remorse and loving you. Mark my words!’ 
She hurried to the front door, while Ravella, in a fit of anxiety that it must be something far worse, tagged along behind, tugging at her sleeve.
The bolt turned, the door snapped open with a gust and a person tumbled in upon them. Ravella exclaimed, and the stranger, on looking up, exclaimed too, before flying to embrace her gleefully. It was Clare Belmont, much windswept and travel-weary, though nonetheless enthusiastic for having happened upon her dear friend.
‘Ravella!’ she cried, drawing salt-damp hair from her face. ‘So this is where you’ve been hiding! I’ve found you out at last— and I only came in to ask the way!’
‘Ask the way!’ repeated Ravella. ‘Why, where are you going?’
‘To Hurlevor Point, of course! Oh, Ravella, we’ve made up— we’re going to make a go of it! I’m so happy! He asked me down, and of course I’ve come— oh, Ravella!’ She hugged her friend again. ‘I love him so much!’
‘But— wait,’ gasped Ravella, ‘what do you mean, when did all this happen?’
‘Just now— a hundred years ago!’ she enthused. ‘He called me this afternoon— I was so glad to hear from him! He said he was sorry for being so cold, but hoped I’d be happy with Guy— with Guy! Well, I told him I’ve never felt anything for Guy, not like I feel for him— and he was surprised, and we got talking— and talking and talking and talking! Oh, it was just like we used to be! Then he said he had to think, and we said goodbye. That left me biting my nails, you can imagine— but then later he called again, and we talked again, and I told him I still love him, and he said he’d made a big mistake— that he had to see me— and he was so sweet, Ravella, I just jumped in the car, and, well— here I am!’
The course of this gabble was met by a silent gape from Ravella, who waited out its conclusion aghast, before managing to stutter: ‘But this is so sudden, Clare! I mean— Clare! Does he— love you?’
She was hugged again. ‘Oh yes, I’m sure of it, Ravella, so sure!’
‘Sure! But you were sure before!’
‘And I was right before, too. Although he got himself jealous and all, he still loved me, didn’t he? This proves it!’
‘Proof! Love! I— I don’t know what to say!’
‘I know!’ agreed Clare. ‘I’m speechless myself!’
‘But Clare,’ rounded Ravella sternly, though avoiding her eyes, ‘isn’t this being too hasty? You don’t know what he really feels— what if he hurts you again? What about Guy? What does he feel? At least you can depend on Guy, at least Guy loves you openly. Besides, he’s so kind, so handsome— really I can’t escape the idea of how happy you’d be staying with Guy!’
Clare laughed and kissed her friend’s cheek. ‘Ravella, I know you’re concerned about me and want me to be safe, but I can’t be safe, I can’t be content without James. I know I ought to be with Guy, I know what’s sensible, and comfortable— but I don’t want that, I can’t make do with it— I must have James! Even if he makes me miserable every day forever, I’ll be happier sobbing my heart out for him, than being settled with Guy!’
‘You only say that because you’re in a flurry,’ snapped Ravella.
‘No,’ replied the other, ‘you only say that, because you’ve never loved, Ravella, not really loved, like I love James. If you had, you’d understand that I can’t be cold, I can’t reason out my emotions, and I can’t be content— I must, must have James!’
Now Ravella frowned darkly. ‘I have loved,’ she countered, ‘so I know what you’ve told yourself. But nowadays I have nothing to do with it, and can reason all my emotions if I will. Look at what your love has done to me.’
But Clare was already rushing away, having gleaned the direction from Mrs. Manderville, who stood agog the while. Now turning a last kiss and a ‘Wish me luck,’ upon her friend, the love-struck lady vanished once more into the night, to fly to her amorous rendezvous.
No sooner had the bolt clicked than Ravella, glowering like a wildcat, flung the gin bottle at it, which smashed spectacularly. Then she fell down in a rage, and Mrs. Manderville flew to attend her once more.
‘It looks bad,’ she began —Ravella uttered a scream. ‘Yes my dear,’ she went on, ‘but it’s only looks, you know, him casting you off for that daft girlie,’ (another howl) ‘and making such a meal of it. But it doesn’t matter, because he doesn’t love her any more than I do. He wants to love her, without a doubt, and she’s simple enough to think he does, but it isn’t true. He loves you, my lover, but he’d marry her out of sheer pride tomorrow.’
‘Love!’ seethed Ravella. ‘Why does it always ruin me? I thought I’d conquered it, but it always bites me back!’
‘You must make friends with love if he’s to do you any good. Use him, don’t force him, and then he’ll give you what you want.’
‘Oh, that’s what I tried to do, keep everybody happily in and out of love, while I got exactly what I wanted. But now this! It’s all wrecked, all my best plans!’
‘Tell me honestly,’ said Mrs. Manderville then, ‘do you really love Mr. Trevick?’
‘I tell you I don’t love anyone!’ she returned. ‘And least of all him, now that he’s thrashed me like this! But I’ll have my revenge— and serve it up laced with sugar. You’re right, Mrs. Manderville— he wants love, and wants me to die of it for him. But I’m not weak, and I won’t let him have his way. I shall love him, after my own fashion— and before I’m done he’ll hate love as much as I do, and wish he never wanted it!’ 
With that she began to ruminate on how she might bring it about, and absorbed herself in this idea so wholly that the small hours and the battling storm outside slipped by unheeded, while she paced and thought. Mrs. Manderville dozed off in her chair several times over, but whenever she started awake, Ravella paced still, involved in dark ideas. At last, however, she came to a pause, as the sun was glittering on the sea, and she looked up contemplatively. The landlady yawned, stretched her arms and asked what she had decided to do.
‘Nothing, for a while,’ came the slow reply. ‘You know there are some kinds of cancer that grow quietly and subtly in the body, and no-one guesses you’re stricken, until suddenly one day you find out— and you panic at the emergency, but of course you’re already dead. That’s how James Trevick shall find it with me. He’ll think himself healthy enough, but all the while he’ll be loving me and hating it, but loving all the same, until I finally strike, overwhelm him, and have my triumph.’
‘It’s like I say myself,’ concurred Mrs. Manderville, ‘you have to make friends with love, if you want to harness him.’
Ravella smiled and looked out of the window at the sea. ‘I used to be afraid of it,’ she said, ‘but now it’s time I tempered him to my will.’
Mrs. Manderville laughed and went to put on the kettle. ‘I daresay once you’ve made up your mind, my darlin’, it’s as good as fate. And it’s more than that— we’ve got allies, see? After my old man died, I found an old pools ticket hidden in the pocket of his garden trousers, which he’d left there. And well I never if I didn’t win a hundred pound on it! He was helping me out, see? And sure enough your old man will see you right too, for all he’s at the bottom of the ocean. Somehow he’ll come back for you.’
But Ravella did not heed this prattle, as she was curled up fast asleep by the fire, as blissful as a kitten.
IV
So she waited out the winter, hibernating her powers and leaving them to ferment. The summer languished and palled, the sea grew colder and the flowers in the garden ceased to bloom, but nurtured their seeds; birds were seen in the sky, soaring a great way off, bidding goodbye to the shore for weeks and months together, pursuing their ritual paths; the leaves withered and dropped into mulch, concealing the squirrels’ careful stashes and feathering over the beds of sleeping hedgehogs, dormant beneath their spines; the evenings drew in dark and secretively over cosy homes and drawn curtains, while wanderers donned hats, scarves and mittens. Summer was forgotten, and all was still without, and inward looking. 
Closeted in their rooms on the shore at Hurlevor Point, exposed to the harsh coastal tumults, but warm and close behind shutters and heavy glazing, James Trevick and Clare Belmont made their love anew. Apologies, explanations and forgiveness began the reunion, which led on to reiterating their feelings and repeating their vows in a mutually complimentary bliss. Trevick did not mention his suspicions of Ravella, and Clare did not mistrust at all; they were each too involved in the other to admit of any disparity.
The months drew on and Clare remained. As the seasons turned they fortified themselves against the inclemency of autumn with bastions of love: pretty looks, tender words and devoted self-involvement. All former distresses were forgotten, and all hint of any discord in the world was ignored, slipping ineffectually from their notice, like the hoarsalt wind from the slate roof tiles. They were benign and blissful, and on the first day of winter he proposed marriage at last, with a romantic flourish, and she gleefully accepted. He wrote a verse on the occasion and read it sweetly; she caught every word with enthusiasm and answered his rhymes with couplets of kisses. They fixed the date for the following spring.
And if he was ever tired of her, or grew fretful of her company, it was only that he was glutted with love; and if he was cross with her, or stern and moody, it was only that he thought he did not love her enough; and if he snapped at her and they quarrelled, then it was only that they might have the pleasure of making up— really, all his ill humour, dissatisfaction and temper were the happy effect of being helplessly in love.
But perhaps, sometimes, when walking pensively along the shingle beach, indifferent to the stinging wind and spray, his mind was not always entirely occupied by his bride-to-be. Perhaps he would wish she were somewhere else, or something different; and returning from these lone excursions, perhaps the protestations of adoration he would make were a little too anxious, too eager, though she took them all in earnest. 
Perhaps, sometimes, he would stop short a poem of love abruptly in its composition, deciding it to be too flat, too similar, too hackneyed, not heartfelt. However, at other times, perhaps he would surprise himself by jotting down lines that seemed urgent, fervent, inspired— but which he would not allow to be read, and would destroy immediately. But then, perhaps he would regret their loss, and find himself repeating those taboo refrains under his breath, though knowing he should not, must not, recall them. 
And perhaps again, sometimes, he would have dreams— drowsy, drunken dreams, in which his life transpired differently, in which he felt relaxed and fulfilled, while being teased or provoked by some person who, perhaps, he would forget on waking. Perhaps these dreams would seem to infiltrate into his waking day too, suppress them how he may. Perhaps, sometimes, they would distract him from his happy devotions to love.
Once he dreamt that he was swimming in the sea off Hurlevor Point, sliding through the grey waters without restraint. He swam out to the sunken ruins and dived beneath the surface, plunging downwards until he could see the murky forms of the green walls, the stacks and shapes of reefish ruins. As he swam down to the old house, he saw that through the gaping holes of windows and fractured doorways there were lamps and lights; yes, the whole place was lit up as if for some fairy masquerade. 
He slipped nearer, to glide between the broken walls, where all was brilliant and bright with delicate lanterns. They gleamed upon things he had never found before, lying stacked amongst the ruins: polished tables, pier glasses, furnishings; here, a great sea-bass perused the music stood upon a gilt harpsichord; here, two starfish manoeuvred around a marble chess-board, set against a bust of Nero at a jaunty angle; and here a troupe of eels danced minuets on the lid of a Japan-lacquer cabinet. Intrigued, he swam closer, and saw a rakish door among the weeds. He wondered what was behind it, and reached out to take the handle— when suddenly the door jolted, about to spring open— a flurry of bubbles bewildered, and a nightmare horror gripped him: he kicked and flailed, swallowing water, as all became a confusion of froth, and he thought he was drowning. But then, amongst the commotion and foam, he glimpsed a form gliding through the water, a mermaid. He heard her singing softly to him, and felt he was drawing to the surface. The water grew calmer as he rose, and he saw the lovely mermaid again, with the face of Ravella, before he broke the waves and woke up.
Now, this dream unsettled him no end, and he could not be quiet all the day for humming Ravella’s tune. Often and often Clare asked him what he was singing, and he said he did not know; but all the same he knew why he was singing it. He needs must admit to himself, if not aloud, that Ravella’s claws were still in his heart, and that the best part of his love for his fiancée, and all the engagement together, was a charade. Naturally, this was an idea to drive out all his happiness, so he dreaded to think it for the damage it might do; and yet it is always the way with thoughts we try to deny, that it is these our minds ever return to, and find ways of expressing.
He began to catch himself before calling Clare Ravella, and whenever this happened took such a jolt of fear that he would redouble his affections, which only pleased Clare all the more, though the closer he held her, the more distant she seemed. Furthermore, the taboo he set upon his own mind brought out other, stranger effects. For example, on idly glancing from a window or through a doorway, he often fancied he caught a glimpse of a lithe figure darting into the woods, or behind a rock on the beach; and though it might be the most fleeting impression, he always supposed it was Ravella. He even began to think that she was watching the house; but then, on reflection or investigation, it often transpired that some trick of the light, or the movements of a seagull, or a branch, had fooled him, and never a person at all. Nevertheless, the frequency of this delusion fairly maddened him with seeing, and half-seeing, and not seeing, the object that he most desired, and yet dreaded, to really see before him.
Imagine his surprise, then, when this had become a commonplace fixation, to walk into his kitchen one day to discover the actual Ravella stood there.
He started as though she were a ghost, as he instantly supposed she must be— the figment of his dreams grown bold and apparent before his eyes; but then, surmising his mistake, he was utterly confounded, and stopped short. 
Then Clare joined them, full of gaiety, and quickly explained this unusual appearance, a guest in the house. She had gone for a walk, anxious for some exercise on such a bright, crisp day; but concerned for the damage the salt-air might render to her hair, had steered her steps away from the shore, and strolled instead through the woodland park that surrounded the house on the landward side. It was here that she had unexpectedly encountered Ravella, who was engaged in a similar pursuit, it seems. Immediately greeting her with great enthusiasm, Clare declared that they had been too remiss in not having met sooner, though so nearby.
‘I wouldn’t have dreamt of it!’ laughed Ravella. ‘As soon as I concluded that all had gone well between you two, I knew I could do you the best favour of friendship by leaving you be.’
‘Oh, but how are you, Ravella, how have you been?’ asked Clare. ‘I’m so hopeless, I’m always neglecting you!’
‘Not at all. And I’m very happy, because you’re so obviously happy too.’
Clare embraced her excitedly. ‘Oh Ravella, it’s all so wonderful! James proposed at last— and we’re going to be married in the spring!’ 
At this ebullient news Clare was embraced in her turn, and the friends soon fell into a discussion of the details, until the happy fiancée insisted on inviting her friend back to the house.
Thus was Ravella able to smile benignly at Trevick in his own kitchen, while Clare made tea. And she smiled quietly again as the gay hostess blithely asserted that, now she had found Ravella, she would be sure not to lose her again.
Trevick, withdrawn into silence, did not relinquish it throughout the visit, which Clare fondly excused as his poetic character, given to spells of profundity. Meanwhile Ravella was at her most bright, lively, and, to him, lovely, though she took no notice of him whatever, and between the women he was not missed. He only sat, rapt in a kind of stupor, too embarrassed to move, and yet anxious to be gone, while the whole day flew away in merry conversation.
He occupied the time in admiring and admonishing by turns, inwardly, forcing himself to remember the ill opinion he had conceived of Ravella, and chastising himself for liking her. He could not deny that he hated the lovely object of his love, for her deceptions and falsity; but while this argument swayed his head, his heart rebelled against his own logic. He spent the last hour attempting to speak, but could not conjure any phrase that would both suppress his tender feelings and hide his resentment at once, and still be worth the saying. 
Eventually, though, he opened his mouth to voice some harmless word, when Ravella jumped up to say that she must dash back to her dear aunt, who would wonder where she was. He stood up too, and immediately forgot his prepared remark as she turned full upon him and smiled. 
‘Well, congratulations, Mr. Trevick.’
‘Oh, dear Ravella, we’re all friends,’ said Clare. ‘You must call him James.’
‘No, but I like “Trevick”,’ she returned. ‘I’m very pleased with it, and you should be too, Clare. You ought to practice writing it. Yes, I’d almost like to have Trevick myself.’ —whereupon she smiled winningly and departed.
Having rediscovered her favourite, Clare Belmont made Ravella her constant companion. Although she had been perfectly content to forget her friend entirely for months, she now needed a little relief from the magnetism of her fiancé— which only goes to demonstrate that, though a lover may seem the all-in-all, yet our friends afford a pleasure that cannot be done without. She apologised blithely for the neglect, while Ravella, to cover her own, pretended that she had spent a while away from Hurlevor and had only just returned. 
This new arrangement between them did nothing to secure Trevick’s peace, however; instead, he was sunk in turmoil. Each visit from Ravella reinforced his passionate feelings, both towards and against her. He adored, and regretted adoring her; reviled, and regretted reviling her. Her charms reminded him of his mistakes, and also of her vices; the sweet could not be taken without the bitter, and all was calculated to make him miserable, and despair.
Ravella seemed ambivalent towards him, but he could not be the same. He found himself longing for his next view of her, while severely reproaching that longing. When she was in the house he must be present, despite what it cost him in angst; he hated to be ignored by her, and yet dreaded her notice; he craved to say a thousand things, and yet loathed to mouth a word. Often, he was on the point of suggesting to Clare that they saw too much of her altogether, but was prevented by the danger that her visits might be restricted, or worse, cease. He was held between despair and desire in the most excruciating vice, from which he seemed to have no power to release himself, without some harm somewhere that could not be endured. 
Clare was always by to reproach him further with her high spirits and jollity. Though she was so splendidly happy now, he knew, by the tenderness and pity with which he regarded her, that he did not feel love for her, and so could never, in the end, make her happy. Yet this was the woman he had pledged to marry— a pledge made in impetuous haste, now bitterly regretted.
It finally came to Clare’s blinkered attention that her fiancé did not appear to share her own enthusiasm for Ravella. 
‘You’re very shy of her, James,’ she mentioned one day, ‘but you shouldn’t be. She’s the sweetest girl I know, and she thinks the world of you.’
‘Does she?’ he started. ‘Is that what she says?’
‘Well, not in so many words,’ she replied, a little surprised at his abruptness, ‘but I’m sure she loves you for loving me.’
Trevick suddenly pretended to be very absorbed in sharpening a pencil, and only murmured vaguely: ‘I can’t— take to Ravella.’ 
She queried his reservation, but he said no more. 
‘I’m sure I can get her to draw you out,’ she promised with a smile, and kissed him. He trembled at the idea.
So it was that, on the feted guest’s next visit, Clare gamely attempted to lure Trevick into conversation.
‘Oh look at this, Ravella,’ she began, pulling out a paper. ‘James wrote this poem about a mermaid. Isn’t it clever?’
Trevick made a snatch to retrieve it, but Ravella already had it in her hand. 
‘It’s nothing,’ he muttered.
‘Oh, do you still write poems, then, Mr. Trevick?’ said Ravella. ‘Or is this nothing just a shopping list?’ She read it over. ‘Ah, I see it’s a nothing after all.’
‘He’s so gifted with words!’ said Clare, beaming at him.
‘On paper, anyway,’ added Ravella wryly.
‘Of course, he’d never have them published,’ she continued with pride. ‘He doesn’t write them for that. Critics just don’t understand him. He writes for art, not fame.’ 
She kissed him, while Ravella carelessly tossed back the paper.
‘Well,’ she said, ‘once the muse takes you, it’s better to write than not. But as to being read, one should never suffer it, unless by the most indulgent friends, and then only if you’re convinced it’s a work of the foremost genius.’
Fuming at this, Trevick snatched up the abused poem and tore it into shreds at once. Clare exclaimed in despair and attempted to intervene, but he screwed up the tapers in his fist and quit the room. Clare was astonished.
‘Oh, dear,’ said Ravella, ‘I believe I’m too much the critic.’
The floodgates were now open to her raillery, and Trevick became the continual butt of her wit, as she scored a point for every burst of temper he displayed. Each time, he chided himself for revealing how much power she had to provoke him; but what was worse, she would occasionally interweave moments of kindness and affection with her mocking banter, and these stabbed him more deeply than any derision or ridicule. Infuriated by both her and himself, he was forced to avow an open dislike of Ravella, which only fuelled her attacks, and amazed Clare.
‘How can you not like Ravella?’ she exclaimed. ‘You mustn’t take her jokes to heart, James, she means no harm. I don’t know a more gentle or kind-hearted person!’
‘Don’t you?’ he queried.
‘What do you mean by that? What has Ravella ever done to really offend you?’ 
He could hardly reply without touching on the truth of his disappointed hopes, nor expand upon her machinations without offending Clare’s loyalty. So he did not reply at all, and Clare took extreme umbrage at it, saying he had no right to object to her friends, especially Ravella, who she thought of almost as a sister. Besides, she was put out that he did not even have the good grace to keep his resentment to himself —which provoking chastisement he suffered without a response. 
Nevertheless, he found it increasingly difficult to disguise his ardent feelings, and because he could not love Ravella, they must instead have their expression in effusions of hatred. But every time he bellowed, or sulked, or frowned at Ravella’s jibes, his expression confessed what he really felt, with humiliating clarity, to her eyes.
He lived with a vexing urgency to speak, to tell Ravella, or Clare, or anybody about his paradox, in case they might be able to guide him out of it; but of course those he might consult were equally embroiled in the confusion. Now his loner-lifestyle told against him: he had never fostered close friends, never felt the need; but how he longed for sympathetic and understanding companions now!
Who can endure so long a state of the most exquisite anxiety, and not sustain the damage of it? Though he appeared, outwardly, as rational and lucid as usual, within, all was chaos and confusion. Every emotion was contradicted: he desired what he least desired, loved most what he hated; and this wore so heavily on his senses that his outward conduct and conversation became a mere mask to cover what passed beneath. In his solitude, when he lay awake at night, he was often struck with a terror of going insane; his continual dreams and visions of Ravella caused him to doubt what was real and what imagined, until he felt as far removed from the calm and clear façade he presented, as he had formerly felt removed from madness.
One night in early March, when he had already borne near half a year of intoxication and torture, he decided to confront Ravella, and left the house to walk to the village. Somehow he missed his way on the beach, however, and the tide cut him off. Wading into the water, he attempted to proceed, but the strong currents dragged him further and further out. Realising the danger, he made a desperate effort to gain the shore, walking heavily against the swells, and at last, exhausted, stumbled from the brine, drenched through and wild with determination. He made for the village, for the guesthouse, with all his strength, resolved to unburden himself. Reaching the door, he beat against it desperately with his fist, saltwater and his shadow dousing the old panels; but then he suddenly became aware of someone behind him, someone who had followed him from the sea, tracking his footsteps all the way. Not daring to turn around and face this preternatural horror, he thundered the harder, but there was no answer, and the door would not open, and now this figure was almost upon him, and he could feel the damp breath on his neck— and with that, he started awake in the utmost confusion. It was nothing but a fevered, frustrating dream, feigning reality. His mind flew in a thousand directions, and he knew he could endure it no longer: he needs must bring a term to his suffering.
It happened that Clare and her friend meant to visit the camp of some travellers nearby, and to this end set out after lunch the following afternoon. The travellers had put up some stalls with interesting craftwork for sale, which the women wished to investigate. Trevick, withdrawn almost to a torpor, nevertheless made himself one of the party, in the hope of having an opportunity to talk to Ravella. As they made their way through the woods from Hurlevor Point, Clare noted to her companion that this was once part of the parkland of the old estate. 
‘Oh yes,’ said Ravella. ‘I understand they have hunting here.’
‘Oh, no,’ refuted Clare, ‘James won’t let the hunt on his land. He has very strong feelings about it.’
‘Does he? Well nevertheless, I hear this was a hunting forest, once. A friend I’ve made in Hurlevor told me the legend. It seems there was a lovely young woman who owned everything she could see, and would lead her rout through these woods to catch any fair game.’
‘Did they hunt foxes in those days?’
‘She hunted harts,’ replied Ravella, with a sly glance at Trevick, who, hearing ‘hearts’, lost all his colour. ‘Well, but she came to a bad end,’ Ravella went on bemusedly, ‘though I daresay her ghost still haunts these glades. Do you believe in ghosts, Mr. Trevick?’
He started at this direct question, but did not reply before they arrived at the encampment. Here the friends browsed over the various trinkets on display, the emotion-beads, dream-catchers, rings and charms. Ravella bought a rune that betokened power, and Clare chose one that meant love; and as the latter was handing over her money, the lady taking it mentioned pleasantly: ‘Oh, I see you’re to be married soon.’
Clare looked up in surprise and asked how she knew that; the woman said she could see it in her palm.
‘It’s true! I am getting married!’ she enthused then.
‘Yes, I know,’ said the woman, ‘I said so.’
Delighted with this, Clare held out her hands again and demanded a fuller reading, which was complied with, and there ensued some talk of the seat of Jupiter and the girdle of Venus, and so many children, and a long life. Entirely thrilled with this revelation of futurity, Clare could not be content until she had heard everybody else’s fortune as well as her own, so she hurried Ravella forward. The woman hitched back her dreadlocks and peered into the palm.
‘You will be married,’ she pronounced, ‘twice.’ 
Ravella smiled. 
‘No, no,’ hesitated the woman, ‘once.’
Ravella frowned.
‘No, no,’ she countered again, ‘I don’t think you’ll ever marry at all.’
Here Ravella laughed, and Clare tutted. 
‘But Ravella’s married already,’ she corrected the bemused woman, ‘or was, she’s widowed now.’
‘Well, I can’t read that,’ pouted the woman.
Ravella laughed again. ‘Don’t be too severe, Clare. After all, she was reading the future, not the past. Anyway, perhaps your fiancé should show his hands? I’m sure you’ll find a deal of hate and resentment in his palms.’
‘Why do you say that?’ asked Clare, surprised.
Ravella smiled. ‘Well, he hates and resents to be drawn into any fun, doesn’t he?’
Trevick had turned away, but now rounded on her angrily. ‘I don’t like your kind of fun, Ravella, and I won’t be toyed with!’
Clare spoke a word of admonition for his outburst, but Ravella did not heed it at all. 
‘It’s only a game, James,’ claimed the fiancée. ‘I wish you and Ravella wouldn’t snap at each other like this.’
The traveller woman now mentioned that, though hers was a limited talent, there was a fellow in the next caravan who would read the Tarot, if they wished to pay him. Clare immediately took this opportunity, and appealed to Ravella to join her, while the woman went in to arrange it.
‘What! I can’t go in!’ protested Ravella. ‘What if he reveals all your secrets, and I hear them?’
‘I don’t have any secrets,’ said the other, ‘and certainly not from you.’
‘Well I do,’ parried Ravella, laughing. ‘What if he reveals all mine?’
But Clare was too tempted to demur when she was summoned, and left her companions alone together.
At this moment, Trevick was suddenly caught with the panic of emergency, and without knowing it, started forward to catch Ravella’s arm. She slipped it free.
Gasping, he hissed through his teeth: ‘Listen! I have to speak to you!’ His heart beat painfully hard.
‘I remember I listened to you once before, and regretted it,’ she retorted, turning off. He caught at her again.
‘Listen to me! I must speak to you!’
‘No!’ she returned. ‘I won’t be told I’m hated and resented twice!’
‘You don’t understand,’ he urged, ‘I’m not the same as I used to be— I’m sick, I’ve— I’m mad—’
‘Well, I’ve no patience for your ravings,’ she told him. ‘There was a time when I’d have listened to you gladly— but you’ve ruined your chances with me.’
‘Do you hate me now, then?’ he charged her. ‘Or do you love me? Did you ever love me? Ravella, I love you— I did then, no matter what I said, and I do now.’
‘I know it all,’ she said sternly.
‘You know!’ He clutched her arm tight. ‘You know I love you? You know what I feel? You can’t know— you can’t guess at it, how unhappy I am, how I’m suffering. God, I’m wretched, I’m at the end of my tether, Ravella, I can’t bear it!’
‘Of course I know!’ she chided. ‘I’ve done it, haven’t I? Don’t you realise I’ve done it on purpose? If you think you’re mad now, you’ll be madder yet before I break you!’
‘You’re punishing me on purpose!’ he whispered, stunned.
‘And I’ll keep on punishing you, too.’ 
‘Why? You have me, you have my love— what more do you want?’
She frowned contemptuously. ‘You hate to love me,’ she said, ‘so it’s only fair that I should love to hate you.’
Trevick stood still with the shock of it. He had depended on this moment, this declaration, to release him from his purgatory, into Heaven or into Hell, he did not care which. He was quite prepared to encounter the consequences, as long as he could be liberated from the frenzied crux of love and hate that was warring in him. But now, what was his horror, his confusion, to realise that Ravella had no intention of freeing him whatsoever? That she had seen his anguish, and could have put him out of his distress at any time, but chose not to, chose to make him suffer! His logic was terminally confused and confounded by her: he concluded that she must love him in order to hate him so much, since that is how it worked with him; and yet his was all the pain, all the torment; she was wielding it, and so remained untouched by it herself.
Shaking with fury and bewilderment, he made to grab her firmly, but she eluded him. 
‘Let me go, Ravella!’ he cried. ‘Let me go! I don’t want to love you, I don’t want to hate you— Ravella, end it, let me go— love me, hate me, do something!’ —and he tried to grasp her again, but failed.
Suddenly, Clare re-emerged from the caravan, and he stumbled a little, caught out in his distraction, wild-eyed and off-guard. He froze again, but she did not notice, for she seemed curiously subdued— she had not been told the fortune she wished to hear. The traveller woman hurried behind her, warning unhelpfully that the Tarot never lies, and Joseph would never hide anything he saw in the cards. But Clare ignored her, and, frowning, asked Trevick to have his fortune read too. 
‘He told me something—’ she half explained, ‘and I want him to say whether your future agrees with mine.’
Trevick, still in a turmoil from his encounter with Ravella, did not really heed her, but complied anyway, to appease his fiancée and disguise his own distress. Clare led him into the caravan and paid the person who was sat at the table with his deck of cards.
The mystic Joseph was a rather ageless looking man with staring blue eyes that delved into everything they glanced upon with a piercing intrusion. He shuffled the pack solemnly, asked his customer to do the same, and began to set out the cards into an arcane pattern. Clare gazed on anxiously, though Trevick was in a world of his own, and the Hanged Man and Blasted Tower signified nothing to him. 
Joseph studied the cards profoundly for some minutes, while Clare held her breath; then he tutted, swept the pack up again, and put them away. Clare gave a sort of scream and demanded to know what was the matter, what had he seen?
The visionary only shook his head impatiently and gestured to the absent Trevick. ‘This man isn’t interested,’ he complained, ‘he doesn’t want to know.’ Then, leaning forward, he jabbed Trevick out of his reverie with a poke to the shoulder. ‘But I’ll tell you this much for free,’ he said. ‘You will be blasted, and you will never recover.’ —with which he threw back the note he had been given in payment. Extremely startled, Trevick left at once.
Ravella endeavoured to cheer her friend on the returning walk, for Clare was now snatched by every doubt and anxiety about the future.
‘They say you make your own luck,’ she consoled, ‘so why not your own fortune, too? I’m sure I always try to make sure things turn out the way I plan.’
‘Yes, I suppose so,’ murmured the other. ‘And after all, that palmist woman got your reading wrong, didn’t she?’
‘Of course she did, Clare. Anyway, who’s to say what’s true and what isn’t? For example, I’m a widow, and not a widow at all, because you might say my husband’s still alive, even though he’s at the bottom of the sea. You could say, I keep him alive in my heart.’
Clare smiled. ‘Oh, that’s lovely,’ she said, always taken with a romantic sentiment.
‘It’s true,’ replied Ravella, glancing away from Trevick. ‘You see, it’s just as easy to keep someone alive with love, as to kill them with it.’ 
With that she bid them goodbye and took another path. Clare set aside her worries and chatted all the way home, but Trevick was not listening to any but his own voices, ringing in his mind.
Henceforth he could do nothing to disguise his impatience and anger before Ravella. Clare complained of his severity, but he could not restrain it for her sake. He was already concealing such a flux of painful and polar emotions that they vanquished his peace, and he could no longer distinguish between his dreams and experiences. But this suppression only multiplied his imagined dilemmas, until he was entirely paralysed by concealment and confusion alike.
Now the fated wedding day drew near, and Clare’s excitement was infectious as she busied herself with the preparations for it. Though it was to be a small and intimate affair, she still found endless scope for industry and activity. Ravella matched her, thrill for thrill and smile for smile, writing invitations, booking tickets, ordering flowers and sweetening the vicar. All the while, however, she indulged herself secretly in a rage of conquest, for since Trevick’s declaration, she was reassured of her power over him, and now had no design in sight but to entirely ruin his happiness, and complete her own.
Mrs. Manderville, observing her fever of excitement, shook her head in wonderment. 
‘I’m sure I can’t make you out at all,’ she told her. ‘You’ve made him miserable enough already, and we know he’s head over heels for you. Why do you want to let him go and marry that lass of his after all? I suppose it’ll make him even more miserable, but where does it leave you? Out in the cold, that’s where.’
‘He’ll marry me,’ said Ravella carelessly, hurrying to make up a room in the guesthouse.
‘Ah! So you do love him, then,’ concluded the landlady.
Ravella laughed and kissed her cheek. ‘How silly you are, Mrs. M! Love him, indeed! I didn’t love him when I arrived in Hurlevor, did I? But I said I’d marry him then, and I say so still.’
Mrs. Manderville shook her head again, but Ravella paid no attention as she put the finishing touches to the bedroom where Clare was to spend the eve of her wedding. 
‘You’ve fitted it up wonderfully!’ she congratulated her. ‘I swear it’s the finest room in the county. You’ll be famous for it.’
‘Expensive, too, though,’ murmured Mrs. Manderville. ‘And what with the other rooms, the new kitchen, the new slate on the roof, the revolving door in the lobby, three en-suites and everything all on order, well, it comes to a fair packet!’
‘Investment, Mrs. Manderville!’
‘But I can’t hold my creditors off forever! I daren’t open the mail nowadays for all the threateners I get from the bank, and what with the loans and the mortgages and all, well, I was wondering whether— well, whether I might be able to borrow a bit— just until the season starts again?’
‘Oh dear! I was about to ask you the same myself! I seem to remember you owe me something already this month.’
‘Well, yes, there is that— but you know I’ve had all those brochures printed already and the printers are after me—’
Here Ravella drew a slip of paper from her pocket with an I.O.U written on it for her winnings in the previous evening’s game of Black Jack.
‘Oh yes, that,’ muttered the landlady when she saw it. ‘Yes, I was coming to that.’
Ravella smiled disarmingly before she could say any more. ‘My dear Mrs. M,’ she consoled, ‘what’s a little debt between friends? I’ll tell you what. I’ll forget all about this little I.O.U for the while and this week’s instalment of your loan. Now, how’s that for helping you out? And I’ll tell you what’s more— once I have my hands on Trevick’s money, I’ll gladly lend you what you like to fend off those rude printers. Really, if they knew what a goldmine this place is going to be, they wouldn’t be half so eager and difficult.’ —and with that she wandered off, leaving Mrs. Manderville like a fish out of water.
The eve of the wedding day arrived, and with it I myself arrived in Hurlevor, as I have described already, and all the scenes passed just as I have told. Clare decided to spend the night with Ravella in the village, and I spent the night at Hurlevor Point, while the storm swept in off the sea and threw all manner of driftwood, weed and shingle onto the shore and quay.
The women went upstairs early, and, sitting together in Clare’s room, the happy bride fizzed over with excitement and anticipation, infusing the evening with her spirits, while the heavy wind beat against the windowpanes. At last, fatigued with happiness, they resolved to go to bed, and Ravella got up to leave.
‘Oh, Ravella,’ breathed Clare, taking her hand and squeezing it tightly. ‘Thank you for all you’ve done for me— thank you for being such a good friend!’ She kissed her fondly. ‘I’m going to be married!’ she thrilled. ‘Wish me luck!’
Ravella smiled genuinely. ‘Good luck!’ she said, left the room, softly closed the door, locked it, threw the key out of the window, and promptly married James Trevick the next morning.
So it came about that I found myself, having missed everything, sat on a bollard on the quay outside the guesthouse, wondering on what had passed with great surprise and confusion. 
Guy Laurence, who had told me about the curious ceremony, and now hoped to gain Clare’s hand for himself, had been invited surreptitiously by Ravella, and actually installed next door to the deluded bride, though unbeknownst to either. Now that he knew his beloved was free of matrimony, he concluded that she must still be packing her bags at Hurlevor Point, and raced there in his car to find her. I, meanwhile, remained where I was, noting that the night’s storm had not blown over altogether, but merely withdrawn awhile, for now the sky grew black as pitch again, and the sea danced choppy and white. 
I noticed a general milling of people around the door of the guesthouse, who were, it seems, the wedding guests, aunts and cousins and assorted Belmont relatives, utterly bewildered and bemused by the proceedings of the day, and anxious where to enquire, and of whom, for some kind of explanation. Some had gone to the church, only to find the ceremony already over, and the groom gone; others had never left the village, confused that the bride was nowhere to be found. Ravella had taken charge of writing all the invitations in her best calligraphied hand, and each one bore a different time for the ceremony (and these false times all too late), so nobody knew what was going on. Between squabbling about this, and complaining how dreadful the guesthouse was, and how they would never stay in such a place twice, they made quite a hubbub. The first dark drops of rain began to scatter the pavement, and umbrellas went up to be blown out. 
Suddenly the door flew open and Clare Belmont sprang out into the rain, much to the shock and consternation of her friends, for the cheated lady, still in her nightdress, hair flaming wide and wild, eyes staring and flooded with tears, seemed crazed with anger and frustration —and with good cause, too.
Mrs. Manderville followed close behind, attempting to console her, but it was too late. Clare had discovered all that had passed, and so burst into a fury at these hollow condolences.
‘How can you look at me?’ she screamed. ‘How can you dare to touch me after what you’ve done? All morning I’ve been trapped up there, alone, crying out for help, crying out for anybody at all to take pity on me and let me out— and where were you? You wouldn’t help me, even though you knew where I was, you knew what Ravella was doing— don’t touch me!’ She broke into a violent fit of tears at the thought of how she had been betrayed. ‘Ravella! Ravella and my James! How could they do it to me? How have I ever hurt them? Oh, James, James! I thought he loved me— I knew he loved me— today is my wedding day!’ She sobbed bitterly. ‘Why has he hurt me like this? How have I deserved it? Why has he done it to me?’ 
Here she was wholly overcome with her pain, and lost the next half hour in wretched tears and unhappy complaints against her jilting fiancé, until a concerned relative happened to mention that Ravella was equally to blame, which aroused her anger once more.
‘Ravella!’ she cried. ‘As if what James has done wasn’t enough! My best friend, I called her!’ —at which the entire crowd met in assailing the cruel persecutor with all manner of purple epithets relative to her crimes. As Clare seethed with wounded fury, everybody took up her cause; but since the villain of the piece was not immediately present to be attacked, attention fell to her accessory, Mrs. Manderville, who was loaded with recriminations for her unfeeling, savage, even criminal conduct in keeping the poor bride prisoner; but still nobody lost sight of who the wicked mastermind actually was.
Mrs. Manderville, seeing that the tide of opinion had turned against her erstwhile tenant, defended herself by adhering to the general resentment, and in so doing discovered her own injuries, or at least, noticed them for the first time in their proper light.
‘You think she’s caused you trouble!’ she protested to Clare. ‘What about me? She’s fleeced me for every penny I’ve got, or ever had! I’m in debt up to my ears thanks to her— wrecked, I tell you! And she’s made me spend everything, everything I was saving up for my retirement, little though it was, and thousands more besides! How will I ever go about getting it back?’ —and she burst into some noisy sobs. 
‘You haven’t had your fiancé snatched from you!’ parried Clare. ‘You haven’t been stabbed in the back by your closest, kindest friend, the one you trusted, loved like a sister— I can’t bear to think of it! How could she be such a traitor?’
‘At least you’re not utterly ruined!’ wailed Mrs. Manderville. ‘At least you’re not in debt forever!’
‘At least you weren’t locked up on your wedding day, where nobody would help you, by your best friend, while she ran off with your fiancé! If it wasn’t for this man here letting me out, I’d be up there now, for all you did to help me!’ 
Clare gestured to a middle-aged fellow who was stood nearby, very much concerned with the entire business. This was Jack Elliott, once Ravella’s lover, who had received an invitation to the wedding also, doubtless so that she might revel in her success before the eyes of her old flame. Since being so cruelly ditched by the woman he loved, he had lost nearly a whole year in regrets and broken-heartedness, but still felt a glow of affection for Ravella that winced every day with lost love’s pang. Now, though, listening to the cacophony of misfortunes, he concluded that the fair deceiver had duped them all alike. 
‘This is all one piece of work,’ he announced aloud, ‘and Ravella is to blame for it! I believed she loved me once, but it turns out she was only after my money in the end, and she threw me off to go after this new prize. I tell you that man she’s married is only her latest victim, and in securing him she’s ruined these two women along the way!’
A fresh commotion arose at this revelation. 
‘Ruined, ruined!’ bewailed Mrs. Manderville, wringing her hands. 
‘How could she do it to me? And now James too!’ cried Clare, her hair drenched tragically around her face by the pummelling rain. Meanwhile, bitch, traitor, vampire! was the currency of execrations amongst the crowd.
Just then, a car skidded through the puddles and came to a halt. Guy Laurence jumped out of it, ran up to Clare and took her in his arms. 
‘There you are,’ he began, ‘how are you, darling?’ 
Clare pushed him away in astonishment. ‘Guy! What are you doing here?’
‘I’ve come to take you home,’ he explained. ‘Ravella said you’d be here.’
‘Ravella!’ she gasped.
‘Yes, she invited me to the wedding— she thought you’d need me, and now I see why! I went looking for you up at the big house, but Ravella told me you’d be here.’
‘Ravella’s at Hurlevor Point!’
‘Yes, they’ve stopped there to collect their luggage before jetting off to—’ —but he was interrupted by a general movement of the crowd, who, as if by some communal assent, decided to intercept the evil genius at Hurlevor Point, and make her answer for her conduct. And doubtless, had there been torches and pitchforks to hand, they would have brandished them with zeal. 
Laurence tried to catch Clare again as the march stormed past. ‘Clare! Darling! You haven’t told me how you feel— Ravella always said he was wrong for you, and you see she’s right. Why don’t you let me take you home—’ 
He was swiftly answered by a punch on the chin from the wretched bride.
So I watched in awe as this mob made its way up the road to Hurlevor Point in one mass, loudly denouncing the cruelties, deceptions and wickedness of Ravella. Thunder rolled round the sky, the sea churned, the rain pelted and the storm broke in earnest.
It occurred to me that I was the only person entirely uninjured by Ravella, and indeed I had no reason to take offence with her personally; so my heart suddenly went out to the intended quarry of this heady rout, and I thought I should warn her of their approach. I quit my damp bollard and nipped under the trees, taking the shore-path up to Hurlevor Point, and arrived at the house a little ahead of the mob, who I could nevertheless hear, tramping along the road through the rain.
I did not stand on ceremony to knock, but darted immediately into the hall, calling out for Ravella at once. At first I thought, for the stillness, that nobody was home, but I was surprised to notice Trevick sat on the floor at the bottom of the stairs, his legs akimbo, his cravat untied and his shirt yanked out at the waist. 
I exclaimed, and asked what he was doing; but he did not reply, nor even heed me, since he seemed to be concentrating deeply. In his hand he held a pencil, and in the other an old envelope, which absorbed all his attention. 
He was so distracted that I shook him by the shoulder, crying out: ‘Where’s Ravella? There’s a whole crowd on their way up from the village to pick a bone with her— oh, she’s not popular, you’d best get on your way if you want to avoid a scene!’
But he neither acknowledged me nor looked up, continuing to stare dumbly at some words he had scribbled on the back of this envelope, which, peering over his shoulder, I read. 
Someone had underlined at the top: ‘On Marriage’, and beneath it I suppose he meant to write a poem; but he had only scrawled a jumble of meaningless words, and even as I watched he added another, in an infant hand: ‘cat’.
But now I could hear the rabble marching across the gravel drive, so I left him to it, calling out: ‘Ravella, Ravella! Where are you? Come down, quickly!’ 
She appeared at the top of the stairs and leaned over the banister.
‘Oh, Ravella! You should get away, the tide’s turned against you! Clare Belmont and her family, and half a dozen others besides, have all gotten the idea of taking you to task! Go and hide, they’re right behind me!’ 
In fact, they were at the door, and their chase through the tempest had done nothing to cool their tempers. On the contrary, they had multiplied their grievances at the prospect of venting them on her— and as if to match them, the gale screamed around the house. But in spite of the dangerous racket they made, it was the sound of the waves hurling against the shore that seemed to disturb the new Mrs. Trevick most. At each seething backdraft, and mounting churning, and violent crash against the rocks, she flinched. 
Side-stepping her husband she descended to the hall, darting an anxious glance through the back windows as she did so. There, the grim seascape was portrayed vividly: the granite smudge of the headlands through the mist and spray, the ink-black clouds rearing heavily over the sea, redounding with thunder and shocking the scene with flickers of electricity. The thick rain lancing against the panes blurred the vista of the raging ocean, the sudden swells and gulfs, the lips and curves of white foam, the deep trenches of water and glances of exposed rocks, jagged under the sway and turmoil. 
She stood, poised in apprehension, as the front door burst open and the whole host spilled in, cluttering the hall with taunts and noise. Ravella’s former friends, lovers, companions and all their attendants engulfed me as they swept towards her, loudly voicing their charges. 
At that moment the back door, opposite the crowd’s entrance and giving onto the sea, shuddered in its frame beneath a shower of stout blows— it flew wide, and a great, looming man advanced determinedly, without abate, his whole body streaming water and entangled with sprays of weed and traces of shingle, his face white and colourless, his eyes black and vehement— and he fixed his gaze on Ravella, who returned it equally as he stormed forward— and so the drowned sailor bore Ravella, triumphant, into the sea.
The end
Thanks for reading! I hope you enjoyed the story. It’s from my book The Sleight of Heart and Other Stories. Find more stories and illustrations at www.benjaminial.com.
